 Bateau Parish LA was the epitome of Small Town USA. While people puttered in and out of the five-n-dime, they carried their heads high with a knowledge that their little haven had remained just as it had been meant to be. The pace was slow; the sun was warm; and the status quo was never tinkered with. Cobblestone walks and handcrafted benches were the norm in what passed for downtown. Old English light posts that glowed with candlelight after dusk dotted the curbs as families strolled by. Old men sat outside the post office on sunny days telling whoppers while their hounds lay peacefully under the shade trees. Mommas and their children filled the parks and ice cream parlors while daddies manicured their lawns and chatted over the fence about nothing in particular. Front doors stood open, car keys were left in ignitions, and everybody knew everything about everyone else. Time elapsed as it had for at least a century prior. It was slow, steady and predictable. The outside world may well have been a universe away for all that they knew.

"Well you wanted a change Nat, and you sure as hell got one. Mayberry USA, I have arrived!" She was in the habit of talking to herself. Even though the conversations usually ended in arguments and she outtalked herself more than she cared to admit. She didn't mind though. Life was grand, as long as no one was around when the proverbial coach turned back into a pumpkin.

Natalia was hoping that a stroll through town would help her to gain some perspective. She'd felt off since the day she set foot in the tiny parish. Off, but not in a bad way, necessarily. Her thoughts were more clear and concise. Her senses seemed to be more on point. The blue bird that chirped across the road, seemed to be speaking directly to her. The woman that smiled sweetly at her husband was having some not very nice thoughts about him as they walked past Nat. She may have felt more alive, but with her senses so in tuned to the world around her, she just felt. The fresh air may have been just what she needed to restore some balance. Then again her life hadn't exactly been champagne and roses. Off balance wasn't exactly a new concept for her. People didn't usually run away from nice normal existences.

Now she wandered the streets, searching for what, she didn't know. While she would usually try to stay out of trouble, there was small part of her that was anticipating it. She'd come this far after all. It had felt so damn good to let go and pay attention to what she wanted instead of what was proper.

There was no good reason for the shop to catch her attention. Red brick and white trim blended well with the surrounding storefronts. The American flag waved in the breeze and the well worn benches invited weary travelers to sit and rest. Perhaps the only difference was that the windows were dark. They didn't actually look as if they had been blacked out, but you couldn't see inside. There were no displays or anything to describe the services offered. The only sign that the business was indeed a business was a small informal sign that read "Pacte Noir, which translated to "Dark Covenant'. Transfixed, she stopped and stared for a moment. It called to her.

Her vision blurred, and she tried to correct it. The lines of the building swayed. The door grew larger. Did it really just say her name? She wanted more than anything to reach for the brass knob but didn't know why. The door opened on its own.

If she was sensible she would walk away. It would be the smart thing to do. She stepped through the door. Sensible wasn't her cup of tea these days. She almost laughed but thought better of it. It would have been nice to blame the chill on an overactive air conditioner, but the room was stifling hot. The goose bumps had nothing to do with the temperature. The place really gave her the creeps. The vibe was at odds with the warm and semi-cozy exterior. The air around her felt almost smug. What had she walked into?

"I must have "tourist" tattooed on my forehead. I'm buying into the hocus pocus mumbo jumbo." She thought.

The voodoo shop décor and pawn shop style were completely out of place in the quaint little town. It stopped just short of gaudy with a definite flair for the gothic. The black lights, black glass counters topped with red velvet and rose adorned skulls, and ritualistic murals were incredibly over the top. Chicken feet and little satchels were scattered among various sized and shaped voo doo dolls. All she needed now was some crazy woman with a snake around her neck to come walking out and the show would be complete.

She caught a flash out of the corner of her eye. Stepping to the counter, she gazed at the golden mask that hung on the wall. It's delicate lines and craftsmanship were mesmerizing. She could have stood there and stared at it all day, at least until it winked at her.

"Now I know I'm losing it. That'll be enough shopping for this girl!"

She turned to leave but was stunned to only see more shelves and knickknacks. Not sure how she got quite so turned around, she began searching for the exit. There didn't seem to be one.

"It won't bite, unless you ask nicely. My names in Jacques. How may I be of service?" He walked through the curtain to greet her. He definitely didn't have a snake around his neck and he certainly wasn't a woman. What he was, was over the top sensual. He may very well have stepped out of a regency romance novel. Her knees grew weak and she searched for somewhere to sit and settled for a counter to lean on. She stared at the newcomer. He let her. His features were far too pretty to belong to a man. Delicate cheekbones that trailed to the perfect painters stroke of a chin. A narrow nose topped cupid bow lips that were stained enough to have her wondering if he wore color. His eyes were a cold grey. As she stared, she swore they moved, it was like watching a storm brewing. He endured her frank curiosity. His hair was almost too much to believe. The translucent white waves were tamed, just barely, by a leather strip and fell to below his starched white collar. Nat would have drooled, if her mouth hadn't gone bone dry at the sight of him.

"Mademoiselle, are you well?" He inquired politely. "You look like you have just seen a ghost."

He spoke low and slow. There was a touch of Cajun in his drawl, along with something that she didn't recognize. Every inch of her being wanted to offer herself to him. She wanted him to do with her as he pleased. Luckily she couldn't shake that nagging feeling that something was off. As much as she wanted to fight it, she refrained. She was staring again and had to physically shake it off. "Your shop is interesting."

"That it is. What is it that you need?" He repeated

"I need a door, so that I can leave."

"I'm sorry, but that is not possible." He answered.

"I'm sorry. It sounded like you just said that it's not possible for me to leave."

"I did and it is not."

"That time it sounded like you actually believed that to be the most logical response in the world."

"But of course it is. It's the truth." He sounded as if his patience was growing thin.

Hers had already passed that point. "I. Need. To. Leave. Now."

"Look Ms? I'm sorry, I didn't catch your name."

"I didn't throw it."

"Well Madameoiselle..."

"Look. I'm just trying not to freak the hell out, but it's not working so well."

"It's beyond my..." he began again.

"I don't give a damn what it's beyond! Let me the hell out of here. Stop ogling me and let me -- "the words just stopped. She had so much more to say but she couldn't remember how to make her voice work.

"Now you'll listen." He cracked his neck and adjusted the sleeves on his blouse, as if preparing for a fight.

"The shop doesn't allow admittance unless there is a need. It doesn't allow departure unless arrangements have been made for said need to be met."

He ignored her angry gestures and inventive vulgar sign language he was pretty sure that she told him to perform lewd acts on a goat. and continued. "I will return your voice and you in turn will tell me of your need. Please understand that I will know it before you can leave here. Telling me is far less invasive than the alternative. Cher, I will know."

"I don't need anything. I was just curious. Please let me go now." She begged.

"Why do you insist on being so difficult?"

"I don't need anything from a freak of nature in some side show voo doo shop. Thank you anyway for the odd, I mean kind, offer."

He reached out his hands. The fingers were long, slender and powerful. They held secrets and skills beyond anything that she could imagine, and she could imagine quite a bit. He touched her temples and she felt ice run through her veins. Her shock turned to fury and she tried to push his hands away. Her arms were glued to her sides.

"There's no need to resist. It's going to happen."

She could feel him rooting around in her mind. It felt like someone was searching through a closet for a pair of shoes and tossing everything else aside. She had never in her life felt so violated. And that was saying a lot. "I see."

He said, releasing her, "You don't recognize it but you have the desire and the courage to take what you want."

"OK. Where are the cameras? This isn't fun anymore."

"I do not jest Cher."

"You're god damned insane."

"For your God perhaps, but that is neither here nor there."

"Please let me go home. I'd like to take my toys and depart from this particular sandbox."

"You may go. Mark my words, you will return."

"Ok. Creepy!"

"Open your eyes Natalia, or spend the rest of your life knowing that you are missing out. Now, the door is to your right. Please see yourself out."

She stumbled backwards, and bumped into a park bench. The shop was nowhere to be seen.

It had felt like about 10 minutes had passed, but she had entered near noon and it was nearly 3 o'clock already. So much for ordinary and dull.

"Welcome to the south!" Nat half joked as the eerie feeling failed to fade.

It seemed that everything and everyone in the quaint little town was sexually charged. She'd felt as if growing up in the big city had given her a pretty good world view, but if this was how it was in the rest of the world, she was a sheep amongst wolves. To hell with it. This was her chance at a fresh start and she would make the most of it.

That evening, Natalia walked into the Gator and waited for her eyes to adjust. Her stance suggested that she was there to battle. Her dress promised that she'd win. Emerald green silk and strapless, the dress barely covered her breasts. From there it flowed to the floor at her feet. At least the front and back flowed. Except for criss-crossed ties, the sides were nonexistent. The show of creamy skin left almost nothing to the imagination.

Every set of eyes in the place were on her. Men wondered if a well placed snip would halt the tease and let them see what she so openly promised. Women wondered what it would be like to be that bold and brazen.

Jacque's startled stare quickly turned to a look of lust. He was definitely feeling like the cat that was about to eat the canary. This particular little birdie had served herself up on a platter for his taking. He had no intentions of letting her down. He waited for her to gather her courage and step further into the bar. She chose a seat at the corner of the bar where she had a clear line of vision to the door. Brave didn't mean that she had lost all of her common sense. If her dress ended up inciting the riot that she half expected it to, she would need a way to make it to safety.

She smiled at the bartender and he set her bourbon in front of her with a wink.

The feminine hand on her shoulder startled her.

"He is not for you."

Turning slowly, Nat made eye contact with a woman on a mission. Her blonde hair was flawless, her skin was creamy and supple. Her eyes blazed fire and challenge.

"Who is not for me?"

"Jacques San Martin is entirely too much man for one as innocent as yourself to conquer. Go back to the schoolyard where you will find men more to your standards."

"I didn't realize that Jacques had a pimp. Do you control every aspect of his love life, or just the ones that threaten you?"

"Threaten?" She threw her head back and her laugh rang like crystal bells. "You are no threat to anyone but yourself. If you insist on playing with the big dogs, I'll make sure that you have a good seat for the show."

"This I'd love to see."

"Melanie" his honeyed voice caressed Nat as he spoke to the other woman. "I see that you have met Natalia."

"I've met the mouse. I didn't think that you were into pity."

"I dally with whomever I chose. I guarantee you that Natalia needs no pity. She is, without a doubt, a force to be reckoned with."

"I bet she is."

"Perhaps later you will join us, and find out for yourself." He offered.

Natalia's jaw dropped as the other woman smiled almost warmly at her and replied "Perhaps I will."

The band eased into a mellow jazzy beat. The bourbon seared her throat and the music soothed her nerves. She'd come here tonight fully intending to have her way with him. now as the music moved her, she realized that goals were entirely overrated. She'd charted and planned her whole life and look at where it had gotten her. No, she'd ebb and flow like the chords of a sexy love song.

She rolled her head slowly, easing the tension. Her eyes were heavy lidded and her lips were moist. The lady was definitely enjoying the entertainment. Jacques watched her closely. The dress she'd worn was revealing, and not only of her gloriously smooth skin. She may not know it yet, but his kitten was itching to show her wild and untamed side. He'd enjoy every single second of bringing that out in her. He recognized the exact moment that she relaxed and let herself go.

"Just how far are you willing to go, Cher?" He whispered.

When she felt him at her back, she leaned into him. There hadn't even been a need to check to see who it was, she just knew. His scent was a mixture of sexy and expensive mixed with danger. She was high on it instantly and her mouth watered for more. His chest was hard and strong. She lolled her head to one side enjoying the contact. Never one to miss an opportunity, he lowered his head and traced the tip of his tongue down the exposed chord of her neck. Her shiver affected him like a drug.

Her tongue snuck out to wet her lips as he closed his lips over her pulse point and suckled gently. When she mewed, he closed his teeth over the sensitive spot and laved the skin he had drawn into his mouth. Her hands came up to cup his head and pull him in closer, tighter, harder.

His hands skimmed her bare sides. He paused and considered loosening the skimpy ties that held the dress together but decided that he would save that for somewhere more private. It wasn't that he wasn't willing to share at times but sharing with a crowded bar was a little much even for his debaucherous self. Instead, he slid his hands around, one resting on her flat belly, the other cupping a ripe breast. He plumped and kneaded it lovingly as he continued to nibble and lick at her neck. The slow seduction had her melting into him more.

The crowd was growing, and people lined the bar at least 3 rows deep. The people on either side of them were caught up in their own merry making and appeared to pay no mind to the couple making love right next to them.

"Are you in a hurry Cher?" he asked as he felt her pulse quicken to match his.

"Not at all. I'm enjoying this entirely too much to be concerned with little things like time." She couldn't believe that she'd been so bold. But how could she not be when he obviously couldn't get enough of her. This sensuality thing was proving to be quite powerful.

She continued, "This feels so good. You feel incredible."

He nipped her ear. "Marvelous"

His fingers tucked under the material of her dress, resting on burning hot skin. He'd swear he was singed. Tracking lazy circles, he felt her tense in anticipation. When he gripped her waist and eased her a little higher on the stool, he used the opportunity to move the flimsy material of her dress to the side."

She nearly came apart at the idea of him having complete, unencumbered access to her. He stepped in even closer and she felt the smooth material of his slacks rub against her exposed skin. She really hadn't thought that she had any fantasies. She would definitely be laying claim to this one.

Bringing his hand back around to her midsection, murmuring in her ear, he again raised her slightly off the stool.

"So hot you are. Are you feeling adventurous my little kitten?"

Her oh so sexy answer came out as a squeak. The anticipation was killing her. She hadn't realized he had opened his pants until she felt him rubbing against her bottom. Silky soft yet rock hard. Her mind couldn't process it fast enough. The room started to spin. Jacques took advantage of the crowded space.

"Mine." he growled into her ear and slid into her easily. His teeth clamped on her neck as he invaded her tight cavern.

Her cry was drowned out by the band and the noise of the crowd. He felt it anyway, down to his very core. To anyone looking on, they were a happy cuddling couple. In reality, he was buried balls deep in the tightest sheath he had ever experienced.

Her body fought the invasion valiantly. Her muscles contracted trying to squeeze him out. The constrictions were nearly his undoing. He needed to be deeper. He surged forward and she cried out again. His size stretched her to the point where pleasure bordered pain.

She'd never been with a man as well endowed as Jacques. She'd also never been with a man while straddling a barstool with little to no preparation. The naughtiness of it was delicious.

He gripped her tighter and flexed. When he thought he couldn't get any deeper he ground into her slowly. Reaching around, he found her sweet spot and tugged gently.

"Mine." He repeated. "You will take me, Cher, and you will take all of me. Any way that I choose to have you."

"Ahh." Was all that she could manage.

He pulled out until only the thick head of his cock was wedged inside her. "Do you not agree?"

Still trying to catch her breath she couldn't answer right away. Winding his hand in her hair, he pulled her head back, bringing her ear closer to his lips. "Answer me!" he demanded before nipping sharply.

"Yes!"she cried

He bit down on her ear, yanked her head back roughly and slammed his entire length into her.

She fell forward gripping the bar for support. With long slow strokes he claimed her. Removing is hand from her clit he again focused on her breasts, tugging, pulling and pinching at her nipples. The rough play was a stark contrast to the now easy strokes he was bestowing on her hungry pussy. Between that and the words he whispered to her, she was lost.

"I love how you stretch around me. It's like you were tailor made. No one has ever invaded you this deeply, have they?"

"No, yes please, no they haven't." She couldn't get her thoughts straight.

It had been ages since Jacques had felt himself losing control. Even in his "wilder" days, he had never considered taking an innocent woman sitting at a crowded bar. Yet here he was, buried in her so deep that he swore that she should be able to taste him. She brought out the beast in him.

She nearly jumped out of her skin when she felt a decidedly feminine hand stroke her thigh. She tried to look to see who it was, but he held her head fast with his grip on her hair. His other hand continued to maul her breast. Did he know that the woman had joined?

He felt the scrape of nails down his tightening ball sac and nearly came. When he saw Nat's hands firmly planted on the bar, the shock jarred him, forcing him even deeper inside of her. She jerked, and he tightened his grip. When he spotted Melanie, he was at a loss. He started to pull out, but Nat wasn't having it. She pushed her delectable ass back at him and kept him lodged deep.
