 My beautiful wife Judy was driving us home while I made out with Joyce in the backseat. After dancing with both me and Judy, Joyce was already aroused. I had her breasts exposed and was sucking, licking, and pinching them within moments of getting into the car. I had got my hand onto her panties covered mound when Judy pulled our car into our garage. Joyce and I separated reluctantly so we could exit the car while Judy stood beside the driver's side door. I motioned for her to lead the way as I helped Joyce from the car and followed Judy into our house. Judy went straight to our bedroom door and began to strip off her clothes. 

"Why's she getting undressed out here in the hall?" Joyce asked me as we passed Judy to enter the bedroom.

"Since her affair, she's not allowed to wear any clothing in our bedroom unless I give her permission to do so. Let's forget about her for the next few minutes and concentrate on each other."

I turned Joyce so I could watch Judy from the corner of my eyes as she sat in the armchair we'd moved into our bedroom and resumed kissing her and caressing her semi-nude body. Joyce was 5'6" tall, a couple of inches shorter than Judy, had red hair, a light complexion with many freckles on her face and the portion of her body that was uncovered like most natural red heads, 34C cup breasts with half inch long nipples that were hard from my earlier attention. I continued to kiss Joyce as I worked to relieve her of the rest of her clothes. I kissed down her front as I began sliding her panties down off her hips and my face was level with her crotch when I had her panties to the floor. I stuck my nose between the valley the junction of her legs made and breathed in her scent. Her sex had a stronger odor than Judy's and my cock got even harder in my pants.

I ran my tongue up and down Joyce's slit and heard her moan after only a couple of minutes. I stood and picked her up to carry her to the bed. I lay her down and stood to remove my own clothes. I felt Judy pressing herself against me as I tried to undress.

"Brock, I know you told Joyce nothing was going to happen between her and me until you two fucked, but Joyce wants to enjoy us both together the first time! Can she eat my pussy while you fuck her? Please Brock! I'm sure we'll have a longtime lover in Joyce if you do this!"

"Okay baby! You know I want you to be happy so we can do what she wants!"

Joyce had been busy freeing my 6" extremely hard cock while Judy and I had talked and had me in her mouth by the time we were done. I pulled away from Joyce and Judy and I got on the bed with her. 

"Judy you straddle Joyce's face so she can lick your cunt while I fuck her hot pussy!"

Judy took her position above Joyce's face as I slid a condom onto my erect penis. I got between Joyce's legs and began pushing my dick into her wet snatch. She was between Debbie and Judy in tightness and it took me a couple of slow, easy strokes before I was buried to the hilt inside her body. I could hear Judy already moaning in pleasure as Joyce feasted on her cunt. I stroked in and out of Joyce with long strokes until she began thrusting her snatch up to me. I began to fuck her harder and faster until I felt her begin to quiver beneath me and I could hear her muffled cries of pleasure as Judy continued to ride her face. Judy came within seconds of Joyce. I stopped my plunging into Joyce and pulled my still hard cock from her snatch. I crawled up her body to where Judy was as I removed the condom. I lifted Judy's waist up enough to slam my cock into her and began to pound her cunt until we both came in only a few moments. Joyce didn't move as she watched us above her.

When I had finished, I pushed Judy's hips back down toward Joyce's mouth and watched as Joyce began to lick and suck my come from Judy's freshly fucked pussy. I slid back down Joyce's body until my mouth was on her hot sex and I began to lick and suck at her pink flesh. Joyce and Judy both came within seconds of each other after ten minutes of the oral stimulation they both were receiving. The three of us collapsed on the bed beside each other to catch our breaths.

"Go get us some water, my slut and be quick about it!"

Judy jumped up from the bed and rushed from our bedroom downstairs toward the kitchen.

"That was a little harsh wasn't it?" Joyce asked me.

"No, she loves to be treated like that by me. She's a total slut and will do anything I tell her to do. I can't stand the thought of another man fucking her and that won't be part of our sex life, but anything else is fair game."

"You didn't have to wear a condom when you fucked me, Brock. I'm on the pill and I swear I'm clean. Will you fuck me next time without one? I want to feel your hard cock in me bare!"

"Yes, I will! After we rest and re-hydrate, I'll let you feel my entire dick in your hot pussy!"

Judy had returned with our waters by then so we took a short break to rest and drink. I left the bed to relieve myself and heard moans coming from our bed as I returned. Joyce and Judy were kissing and caressing each other on the bed. I slipped as quietly as I could to the chair in the corner and watched them make love to each other. When they swung into position to eat each other, I climbed back onto the bed and urged them to turn over so that Joyce was on top. I got into position behind her and pushed my cock into her waiting hole. I began to fuck her with long strokes and felt Judy's tongue licking at our coupling point. I began to pound Joyce's snatch after five minutes and felt her begin to respond. The three of us came within seconds of each other and after resting against each other for a couple of minutes, untangled and lay on the bed with me in the middle. The three of us made love to each other once more that night and thrice the next day before Judy and I took Joyce to her apartment. We agreed to get together again in about a month.

I continued to treat Judy like the slut she was and we were both extremely happy. Instead of weakening our marriage Judy's affair had strengthened it. The anger I had first felt had awakened the long dormant dark side of my personality and that side of me was able to do the things to Judy that turned us both on and that my kind and loving side couldn't do. I still made tender, caring love to my beautiful wife and she continued to be just as tender and caring. Our life together couldn't be more perfect.

Judy told me not to make plans for the weekend of my birthday which fell on a Saturday. She went to the reality company for part of the day on Friday and then came home. She had me sit in my recliner while she worked up in our bedroom. When she came back down the stairs, she had one suit case and a garment bag in her hands and had on a jogging suit she liked to wear when we were driving somewhere farther than a couple of hours.

"Okay birthday boy, go change into something more comfortable so we can hit the road, please."

"Where are we going?"

"That's a surprise! Please Brock, go change so we can go!" Judy didn't order me around since I had begun being the dominant partner in our union after her affair. I went and changed into a T-shirt and some loose fitting gym shorts I liked to wear on driving trips. Judy had the suit case and garment bag in the car and was waiting on me behind the wheel.

Judy drove us to a bed and breakfast three hours from our home and only half an hour from the second biggest city in our state. We made tender love to each other that night and were up early the next day. Judy drove us into the city and seemed to know where she was going. She stopped outside of what looked to me to be a junk yard on the outskirts of the city. When we walked to the front of the junk yard, I saw a sign that said "Benton's Restoration and Custom, Nissan and Toyota our specialties". Judy took my hand and led me inside.

"Mr. Benton, we're here to pick up my husband's car." Judy said to the overweight black man behind the counter.

"Right this way folks. I think you're going to like what we found for you Ms." 

We followed the man into the garage portion of the building and I saw a gray covering over a car in the middle of the floor. From the shape of the covering I knew it was a sports car, but couldn't tell any more than that. The man went over to the covering and jerked it off with one big pull. I was frozen and speechless at what I saw.

"Happy birthday, baby! I hope you like it! Mr. Benton assures me that it is perfectly restored and ready for you to drive it away today!"

Judy pulled me to the car; a black and silver 1978 280 Z. She opened the door and pushed me toward the driver's seat. I saw the shifter for a 5-speed manual transmission, bucket seats that had been redone in black and silver leather to match the outside paint, black carpet, and a dash that had the correct instrumentation for that model. I had wanted a Z since I saw a 260 as a junior in college and knew almost everything there was to know about them.

"Judy, I love it, but we can't afford this!" I stammered sitting there in the driver's seat. 

"Yes, I can afford it! I got my commission for that big manufacturing complex that everybody said couldn't be sold! I love you and wanted to give you something I knew you had always wanted! Happy birthday, Brock!"

I leapt out of the car and wrapped Judy up into my arms. "I love you, too darling and I love my present! What are we going to do with two cars though?"

"Mr. Benton agreed to take our other car back to the house on his rollback! I got tags and insurance on it this week so we're ready to go!"

We got into the Z and I drove us away from Benton's garage. We spent the rest of the morning shopping and enjoying each other's company. Judy laughed the second time I let her out next to the doors of the mall and drove the Z to the farthest reaches of the parking lot away from all the other cars. I was grateful that Judy had the garage install a good security system that included Lo-Jack on the car. After a light lunch, we returned to the bed and breakfast and I gave Judy a treat when I treated her like the slut she was before we took a nap.

Judy and I got dressed up for dinner. Judy had brought a clingy red dress and the black outfit she'd picked out for me which was a black pull over turtle neck and black pants with the accessories to go with them. She directed me to a seafood house downtown that had the reputation of being one of the best in the nation. We had grilled shark steaks that were very good with steamed vegetables and a small white cake with chocolate icing that Judy knew was my favorite. Our dinner was excellent and the evening could have ended right there for me and I'd been perfectly happy. Judy had other ideas though.

"There's a new club in town that I want to go to, Brock! Can we go and dance together for a while? I'm yours and only yours tonight!"

"Okay baby, we can go!"

Judy again directed me to the club she wanted to go to. We were let right in by the bouncer as soon as we got to the door much to the chagrin of the people standing in line. We found a table and I had the waitress bring me a club soda and a white wine for Judy. We danced together for the next three hours and I drank another club soda after finishing the first one. I went to relieve myself in the men's room not thinking anything could go wrong while I was gone. As I returned to our table, I saw Judy shaking her head no to a man that looked very much like the one from the club back home. I didn't see a bouncer so I rushed to our table and got there in time to see the man grab Judy by the arm.

"Let go of my wife, you overgrown ape!" I said to the man that I recognized from our hometown's club.

"I'm going to dance with her the rest of the night and she's going home with me pipsqueak! A beautiful woman like her deserves a real man not a wimp like you!"

"I said let go of my wife before you make me angry! You won't like me when I'm angry!" I told him as I grabbed the hand he had a hold of Judy with.

I remember him hitting me in the face and then I awoke strapped down to a hospital bed with an IV in my left arm and someone hanging onto my right with a death grip. I looked to the right and saw my gorgeous wife softly sobbing with her head down beside me.

"How bad did he hurt me, Judith?" I asked her.

Her head jerked up and she began crying harder. "Oh Brock, you're awake! I was afraid you weren't going to."

"Have I been in a coma?"

"No Brock! The doctors say you were in some kind of catatonic state and they didn't know how long you might stay in it!"

"How bad am I hurt?"

"You're fine physically, Brock! Your mental state is what has all the doctors worried. You've been out for 48 hours, Brock! Do you remember anything about Saturday night?"

"I remember that big ape from the club at home trying to do the same thing to you as he did there and him hitting me in the face and that's all I remember."

"Oh Brock! You nearly killed that man! The doctors haven't figured out yet where you got the strength to pick him up like you did. You had him over your head and threw him against the back wall which the cops measured was twenty feet away. You picked up a metal stool and beat him so bad he's still in intensive care. It took four bouncers to get you off of him and you broke two of their arms in the struggle. I don't know had long you struggled before you just passed out. You've been out ever since." 

"Why am I strapped down?"

"The doctors didn't know what kind of state you'd be in when you woke, if you woke, so they strapped you down in case you were still in a rage. I'll see if they'll let you lose now that you're awake and not angry anymore. After what I saw Saturday night, I believe you when you say you'll kill me if I cheat again. I swear I'll never cheat on you again, Brock. I love you so much."

Judy left the room and a nurse and doctor came back with her shortly. The doctor examined me before he allowed the nurse to unstrap me. They left after only ten minutes and were replaced by two men in dark suits. The younger one looked vaguely familiar.

"I'm Sgt. Matthews and this is Detective Smith. We need to talk to you about Saturday night."

"Was your father a detective about twenty years ago in a smaller town east of here, Det. Smith?"

"Yes he was! My father is Lester Smith Sr. and I'm Lester Smith Jr."

"Well he can tell you that I'm telling the truth when I say I don't remember anything about hurting that man after he hit me in the face and made me angry."

"You're the kid he talked about for twenty years who almost killed a classmate on the playground and didn't remember a thing?"

"Yep, that was me! I remember the man had his hand on my wife and I told him to leave her alone and he insulted me before hitting me in the face. The next thing I remember is waking up in this room strapped down to this bed."

"We have the video surveillance tapes and what you have told us happened is what happened. If you can prove you didn't do the things you did to him with the barstool on purpose, there probably won't be any charges."

"How do I prove that? It took a month in therapy for me to lose my temper enough to go into that dark place again and this is the first time I've been there in twenty years!"

"We'll have to talk to the doctors and the DA before we can answer your question. Are you going back home when the doctors release you?"

"Yes, I don't want to spend any more time than is necessary in your city. I'll gladly come back if I need to."

The detectives left and Judy and I were alone together for the next few minutes.

"I'm sorry I ruined your birthday surprise for me, baby. I was so looking forward to making love to you when we got back to the bed and breakfast. I love you as much as you love me. I'll make it up to you on your birthday, I promise!"

"Don't worry about me, darling. Just do as the doctors say so we can get home." Judy told me before leaning over me and giving me a big kiss. A doctor and nurse walked in right at that moment.

"Mr. Henderson, I need to ask you some questions. The detectives told me about your lack of memory about Saturday night's events and the previous episode you had twenty years ago. I'm trying to locate your records from back then but anything you can tell me will help."

"I was in the sixth grade at a new school and a bully picked on me for two weeks. When I stood up to him and we fought he hit me in the face and that was the last thing I remembered until I awoke with three grown men holding me down. I didn't and still don't remember anything between those two things. Like I told the detectives, I saw a man manhandling my wife and I tried to stop him. He hit me in the face after insulting me and the next thing I remember is waking up strapped to this bed. Everything between those two things is blank. When can I get out of here? I'm fine and want to go home."

"I'll have the nurse remove the IV and after the tests I've ordered are done; I think you'll be able to leave."

The nurse removed the IV before leaving the room. I had to endure a CT scan of my head, having blood drawn for a multitude of tests that the nurse who took my blood named but I didn't recognize, and a physical exam before the doctor released me. Sgt. Matthews arrived right before Judy and I could leave the hospital.

"Mr. Henderson, I'd like for you to come down to the police station and answer some more questions."

"Am I under arrest?"

"No, sir."

"Then I think I'll politely decline. My wife and I have a three hour drive home and I want to get going before it gets any later. You have all the information you need to get in touch with me, right?"

"Yes sir, I do. I still think you need to come down to the station."

"I'm sorry but I don't think that I do. Goodbye Sargent and have a nice night."

Judy and I left the hospital. Judy had parked the Z in the back corner of the parking garage across from the hospital. After paying the parking attendant, I pointed the nose of the Z toward home.

"Judy, are you afraid of me now?" I asked after we were on the interstate.

"Yes, I am a little afraid of you, Brock. I've never seen so much violence come out of one person before. I believe you when you say you don't remember, but I'll remember it for the rest of my life. Brock, I still love you and I'm going to be here for you no matter what happens in the future."

"I love you too and hopefully nothing like what happened Saturday ever happens again. I learned one thing though."

"Oh yeah baby, what's that?"

"You're too beautiful for me to leave alone in public ever again!"

Judy and I rode the rest of the way home in silence. We made love to each other when we got home and went to sleep in each other's arms.

I wasn't charged for the attack on the man who had tried to force Judy to go with him. His lawyer dropped the lawsuit against me when Judy filed an attempted kidnapping charge on his client and withdrew it after the lawsuit was dropped. I did pay for the bills related to the two broken arms suffered by the bouncers, but didn't have to pay anything above that when my lawyer discovered that the bouncers had all known the man who accosted Judy and made themselves scarce while he made his move on her. He also discovered that Judy wasn't the first beautiful woman he had done that to in the club and the bouncers had looked the other way when the woman's date had tried to intervene and been beaten down by the man.

Judy and I continued to have sex with Joyce once a month for the next six months and it was fantastic. Joyce met another woman and fell in love with her and that ended our relationship with her.

I had begun thinking about wanting to be a father and decided to talk to my beautiful, yet infertile, wife about it.

"Judy, I want to be a father, but I want to do it the old fashion way." I told her one night after I'd used her for my slut and while she was still in that mode.
