 This story uses the characters and setting from the "Senior Year Memories" series, which was written and created by the very kind and generous aimingtomisbehave33, available to read here on Literotica. This side story was written and released for public reading with his consent, and I am not making any claims of ownership on his intellectual property. Some of the characters in this story are of my creation, but have been freely donated to aimingtomisbehave33, for him to use or not as he sees fit in future Senior Year Memories installments. Several more chapters of this are planned for the future, and depending on interest and inspiration, there may be other side stories set in this world as well.

This story contains both heterosexual sex and lesbian sex, so it's listed under the "Erotic Couplings" category as a generic catch-all. There are also brief references to interracial sex, anal sex, and group sex.

As has always been the case with this series, all characters presented in sexual situations are at least eighteen years old. With those disclaimers out of the way... ON WITH THE SHOW!

***

As the sun rose on the morning of November 1st, Brooke King staggered into her bedroom, with both fatigue and sexual afterglow very evident in her small body's posture and dreamy facial expression. Her "Harley Quinn" makeup was sweat-destroyed, her blonde hair's usual pigtails were completely undone, and her red and black diamond-pattern halter top was completely soaked in sweat... and semen.

The costume was disassembled in slow, deliberate steps. The black bolero jacket had somehow avoided being splattered and stained, and was carefully hung up in the closet, although it took her tired hands three tries to get the jacket to sit right on the hanger. Black combat boots were kicked off and set by the door. Her thigh-high fishnet stockings were carefully removed, and inspected with a discerning eye. There were numerous small tears and other damage, but if a situation ever called for a slightly distressed and overtly slutty outfit in the future, these might be useful again someday. She turned and looked back over her shoulder as she posed in front of her mirror, admiring how her favorite pair of denim shorts still made her toned and sought-after backside look even better than usual. She gave one of her buttcheeks a light slap, giggling and smiling at the sight. The shorts were thrown in the laundry hamper after a small bottle was retrieved from a pocket, but the multiple studded belts were left in their loops, to be removed later. Underneath the denim, a high-waisted thong made of thin black lace was completely soaked, a sticky mess of multiple male orgasms, and her own limitless well of aroused lubrication. Into the laundry hamper it went. Lastly, all that remained was the top. As she peeled the tight and sticky material away, she shivered with pleasure as the cool air hit her bare pink nipples.

Everything had gone perfectly.

Brooke stood completely naked in her bedroom, wearing only a slender gold necklace, which bore a single small key as a pendant. She ran her hands up and down her body and grinned, and then cupped her small and pert breasts with both hands, looking down at herself in wonder. "Oh wow. I love me," she said aloud. "I love who I am, I totally love what I do, and like, I love how I feel. My life is so goddamn awesome, it's scary." She walked over to her prized jewelry box, and unlocked it with her key. In went the small bottle, a half-used supply of high-end water-based lube, and out came a book. This was bound in pink leather, and had the words 'My Diary' written in a flowery script on the cover. Picking up a pen from her desk, she shuffled over to her bed, and tossed diary and pen onto the thick pink quilt, next to her pile of pink and white pillows.

"Gotta write," she mumbled to herself, as she opened up a drawer on her nightstand. After sifting through various options, she reached in, and pulled out a very slender vibrator, the narrowest of her collection. It was also pink, like so much else in this room, with a purple flower pattern flowing along its length. She gave the base one small twist, and the sex toy's lowest setting hummed quietly in her hand. Climbing into the bed and lying on her stomach, Brooke lifted her hips, and reached around behind herself. Gingerly inserting the toy into her still-dripping sex with a well-practiced hand, she gave a quiet sigh of satisfaction.

Anyone watching would have been treated to a memorable sight, a beautiful young woman presenting herself for sex, and then providing that tender loving herself. Slowly at first, but then building up speed, Brooke drove the slim toy in and out of her blushing pink folds, her moans and soft cries building in volume with the speed of her thrusts. After several minutes of this, her entire body suddenly shook with pleasure, and Brooke released the base of the toy, leaving it sticking out of herself as she settled down. Shaking her head as if to knock loose cobwebs, Brooke's bright eyes had a new energy to them, and she smiled broadly.

She then opened her diary to its bookmark, picked up her pen, and began to write.

***

DEAR DIARY:

I know it's been a couple of weeks since I've written you, Diary, and I'm really sorry about that. Things have been, like, crazy busy this month, but so much has happened, and so much has changed, especially tonight, that I knew I had to take the time to write you, even though all I really want to do is sleep for days. But wow, I think this year's Halloween is gonna go down in history as the best holiday EVER.

I fucking love Halloween. Everyone's in a mood for major fun, no matter who they are! Little kids get to have free candy, and all the adults get to have some seriously awesome and sexy eye candy! When Halloween comes around, it's suddenly okay to get out your sluttiest clothes, or buy a "sexy nurse" or "sexy soldier" or sexy-whatever costume, and totally go on parade.

I mean, I would totally wear the sexiest clothes I could find every day, but Mrs. Blaustein (the grumpy Assistant Principal I told you about, Diary?) keeps threatening to suspend me if I violate dress code again. What a prude, y'know? Clearly she's not getting enough D from her man, 'cause that would totally loosen her up.

Oh wow, I just made a joke! Like, LOOSEN her up in both her tight prissy mind AND her tight grumpy pussy! See, this is why I love writing to you, Diary! I get to play around with words, and I love it how some words can mean all different kinds of things, all at the same time! It's not just words — I love to play, in everything that I do. If you get to play, then everything in life is better. And there's so much playtime to be had, all around us. It's so awesome.

But like, back to Halloween. Ryan had asked me to help out with the Puma Press Newspaper's carnival project, a "scary clown" Haunted House. I told him that I would only do it if he fucked my ass mega-hard after our next yoga session. So he did! I couldn't ever lie to you, Diary — Ryan's monster cock has totally changed how I look at the world. I mean, who knew that a quiet nerd like him could be such an awesome lay? 

It really got me thinking about all the other nerds in our senior class. I mean, they probably don't all have giant pussy-destroyer cocks in their pants like Ryan does, but I figured that any nerd would be, like, super sweet and enthusiastic if they got to fuck me. And I love enthusiasm.

The tricky part is that a lot of nerdboys get kind of scared when a girl gets right up in their grill and offers a blowjob. Even Ryan almost didn't go for it that first time, and when I found Horace Barnaby alone in the parking lot after school last month, and asked him really nicely if he wanted to lick my kitty through my wet panties in the back seat of my car, he totally freaked out and ran away! I felt really bad about that, y'know? 

I think that a lot of nerds just aren't used to girls being nice to them, so that when a girl does come around with a horny itch that she really wants him to scratch, most nerds just don't know how react, or think that the girl isn't being honest. And that's really sad, because if a girl can't be honest with who and when and where and how she wants to fuck, then how can anything get done in this world? I mean, you feel me on this, right Diary? I would NEVER ask a guy to wreck my ass unless I totally meant it. YOLO, bitches! Life's gotta be lived!

So, I've been totally doing research. How does a girl get a nerd turned on enough to fuck her, without scaring him off? I started out by looking up some of the nerds I know on social media. I'm already friended with Ryan on everything, so I looked to see who *his* nerdy friends were, and then looked around what they all posted about.

Do you know what the first thing I learned was, Diary? Nerds love Batman. I mean, they REALLY love Batman. I mean, I don't know the first thing about superheroes, but even I know who Batman is. Every nerd wants to share pictures of Batman, videos of Batman cartoons, or talk about how Batman could kick Superman's ass, or steal the Infinity Gauntlet from Thanos (that movie was so sad!), or even beat up some dude named Son Gokuu (whatever HE is, no clue). Batman, Batman, BATMAN!

Or if they don't like Batman, then they definitely like his bad guy, The Joker. He's this creepy clown dude in a purple tuxedo, a serial killer or something.

Now, that reminded me that I still had to get a clown costume for Ryan's haunted house! And then THAT got me thinking... what if I went to the haunted house in a clown costume that was kinda scary, but also really slutty and hot, and also total nerd-bait? 

So I looked around to see if maybe there were any "Sexy Joker" costumes for girls. Hey, you never know, y'know? I didn't really find anything that I could use myself, but I DID find these pictures of Janelle Monae and Marlene Dietrich, two awesome famous ladies who both wear men's suits sometimes, and they were photoshopped to make their suits look purple and have Joker makeup on! These were SO FREAKING HOT, you just don't know, Diary! I got so worked up that I texted Kaitlyn to come over, because I desperately needed to scissor a hot pussy that night. I think I almost broke Kaitlyn's hip when I came, I was so turned on!

So I'm sitting there at my desk, catching my breath while Kaitlyn licked me out — She's the best — and I got to thinking again. So, Batman had sidekicks like Batgirl, right? What if the Joker had sidekicks too... like a sexy girl clown that he got to fuck? I figured nerds would be all over that! So I start doing some searches online, which was really hard to do with Kaitlyn putting her tongue in my ass, and I struck total gold.

HARLEY QUINN.

She was exactly what I was looking for! A sexy girl clown that Joker was all up inside! I felt so smart, Diary! 

It was time to get to work, so I threw Kaitlyn on the bed and set her off in record time with a cool trick that Tori taught me (Diary, that little spot between a girl's pussy and her ass is so sensitive and awesome, seriously), and then I looked up everything I could find about Harley Quinn while Kaitlyn was passed out on my bed. When I looked over at her and saw her lying there with her legs wide open, her pussy all pink and pretty and puffy and shiny-wet, part of me really really wanted to get out my awesome new strap-on and wake Kaitlyn up with a sweet dildo-fuck, but I had work to do! Work ethic, yo! Ryan was counting on me! The nerds of my school were counting on me too, even if they didn't know it yet!

Check it out, Diary. There's this new word for dressing up like superheroes and other nerdy stuff like that: "Cosplay". I mean, it's got PLAY right there in the word, I knew I could be totally awesome at it! So I did more research, and it turns out that there's a local girl in our town who does cosplay, calling herself "Mal Mega". And I did even MORE research, and it turns out that Mal Mega is like a stage name for my classmate, Mallory Dourif! We have seventh period English Lit AP together! And she's already done cosplay of Harley Quinn before!

TOUCHDOWN, BITCHES! GO PUMAS!

I love it when a plan works out! So the next day, I went looking for Mallory so I could ask her about all this — oh! But first, I should give you an update about Lars.

***

"Missed you, birthday girl." As his thick rod slid deep inside her, Lars Nikkelsen and Brooke both sighed contentedly. He was sitting on an old armless chair with his pants down around his ankles. Brooke was straddling him, her skirt bunched up around her waist, legs wrapped around his waist, head resting on his shoulder, and a pair of pink cotton panties hanging off one of her slender ankles. His large hands were cupped under her, guiding her up and down in smooth, practiced strokes.

They were in an art room in the all-but-abandoned annex building. It was always empty, save for a few chairs and tables, and no one had bothered locking it in ages since there was nothing of value in there to take.

"It's only been two... unh ...days, Lars — every Tuesday and Thursday at lunch. I totally look forward to it." Brooke purred as she felt his firm flesh open her again and again. She felt him speeding up, and leaned back to put a fingertip to his lips. "Slow down, easy. Like, I just want it nice and gentle today."

He nodded, and let the tempo of his thrusts subside. "Anything for you, Brooke. Always. You were the best eighteenth birthday present I could have dreamed of."

"I totally was! Here, have another present." She pulled off her pink t-shirt, revealing her braless breasts. Her bosom was small and firm, with gentle curves that could and had driven plenty of men into lust-driven frenzies. Lars eagerly took one of her soft nipples into his mouth, and she loved the feel of those tips hardening from his lavish attention. That birthday party had been the stuff of legend, with orgies sprouting up in every available room as the effects of the anonymously spiked punch bowl took hold. Despite being the one hosting the party, Lars had been on the outside looking in on all the debauchery, shyly afraid to join in, until Brooke noticed him and took him aside to claim his virginity. "Just how many girls did you fuck that night, Lars?"

He looked up, and gave her a quick kiss on her cheek. "After you made me feel like a living god? Ten more, although I only came three times that night."

Brooke giggled at the memory. Lars was a classic hunk, with expertly styled blonde hair, a face and body that could've been carved from marble by Michelangelo... and a deliciously thick eight-inch endowment. "Yeah, that's about what I remembered, too. Like, all you needed was a little self-confidence, Lars. It was so awesome, watching you seduce every girl in sight after you made me scream your name for EVERYONE to hear."

From that night, he'd gone on to claim his place as the Casanova of Regan Hills High, bedding nearly everyone he set his sights on for the rest of that school year and over this last summer, and becoming a leading member of the Drama Club in the process. But he'd always made time for Brooke, his special "birthday girl", every Tuesday and Thursday.

As Lars started in on her other nipple, she looked around, and noticed that some of the other chairs had been moved since Tuesday. "Lars, are you bringing other girls in here?"

"Mmm-hmm. Darla Cohen brought me off between her breasts yesterday, right over by the window."

Brooke clapped her hands in glee. "Oh wow! Her tits are GIGANTIC! Like, how big were her nipples? She never takes off her bra in the gym locker room."

"Sweet giant gumdrops, surrounded by a three-inch circle of pretty pink." He pressed one finger along her nether lips, coating his fingertip with her wetness, and pressed it into her sphincter.

"Oooh! Yeah, definitely do that, but like I said, GENTLE. I'm feeling delicate today."

He started nibbling on her shoulder, but she tapped on the top of his head. "Nuh-uh. No hickeys. Daddy freaks out when he sees those. It's okay, Lars, you don't need to do anything special today. I just love fucking you, let's enjoy it."

He pushed up just a little bit harder, producing a giggling coo from Brooke's smiling face. "Come home with me tonight," he said. "My folks are gone — like usual — and it's been ages since I bent you over your favorite couch, and wrecked your tight, perfect ass." On that last word, his wet finger pushed in, and Brooke smiled even wider.

"Lars, I'm sorry, I can't. Thursday is yoga night. Ryan's coming over, and if he's gonna put his ten incher in my ass like usual after we do our stretches, then I don't want to wear myself out too early in the day."

Lars suddenly stopped in mid-lift. "...Ten?"

Brooke blinked in confusion. "Why'd you stop? I was getting close."

Gritting his teeth in a half-smile, he resumed lifting Brooke up and down his eight inches as his finger probed her backside. "Sorry, just... was a little surprised."

"So was I! But it feels really good in my ass. He's not boyfriend material, but with another few weeks of yoga, I think he's gonna really make something of himself." She grinned, her pigtails bouncing with joy as she got her rhythm back.

Lars frowned. "...From everything I've been hearing lately, he's already made something of himself, in half the girls in our class."

Brooke shrugged. "Mmm, maybe half a dozen or so. He got Haley to BEG for it, it was totally awesome! She was SO thirsty for that cock, it wasn't even funny!"

As soon as she said it, she saw Lars' expression darken, and she knew she'd made a mistake. Haley was one of the few girls Lars had targeted that seemed immune to his charms, on account of them having known each other since kindergarten. His particular interest in redheads came directly from his life-long fantasies about Haley, and Brooke had forgotten all about that — until just now.

Sure enough, things slowed to a crawl, and then stopped. "I'm sorry, Brooke. I'm not feeling it today."

As she climbed off and carefully pulled her panties back up, Brooke pursed her lips, trying to find a way to help. "Sorry about that, Lars. That was really bad of me. I totally should've remembered about the Haley thing."

Lars still sat there with his pants around his ankles and his shirt unbuttoned, not moving. His magnificent cock still stood upright, glistening with Brooke's juices, but his shoulders were hunched in a way that she hadn't seen from him in forever, not since he'd come out of his shell at that party. "All I hear everyone talk about now is Ryan, Ryan, Ryan! Ryan Collins and his magic dick! It's not just Haley — I heard stories that he actually banged Addison, on homecoming night, no less, and even Mallory Dourif! Probably got her to wear some freaky costume to bed, too. What's he got that I don't?"

Brooke bit her lip and didn't answer, instead pulling back on her t-shirt.

Standing up with a frustrated growl, Lars pulled up his pants. "Okay, stupid question. BESIDES a bigger, longer, thicker dick than mine, what *else* does he have?"

Snapping closed her compact after a quick check, Brooke walked over and put one hand on his arm as he buttoned his shirt back up. "Lars, it's not about size. Come on, you know that's silly."

"Do I? Would you have fucked me at that party, if I'd been some poor little needle-dick?" His hands clenched and unclenched, his eyes looking everywhere but at her.

She put a fingertip to his lips, shushing him. "Yes. I totally would have. And if you recall, I didn't *know* you had a big one until after I'd already dragged you into your bedroom and taken my clothes off first. Even if, like, you'd had some medical condition where you couldn't even get it up or something, I still would've totally done everything to rock your world. Because I wanted YOU, not what you happened to be packing. Now stop being silly."
