 "Another one," I said, pointing to the empty bottle.

"Si senor." The weary barman nodded and slammed another down on the bar, taking the finished one and throwing it into a bin.

The room was dark, a few neon signs buzzing in the back. There was a lot of noise though, between the jukebox blaring out shit pop songs and the shrieks of various drunken tourists.

I was in Mexico, in a seaside resort, where I had been since Thanksgiving. I was a college student up in NYC, but had taken a break for the holiday to join my extended family down at the beach.

We had spent four or so days eating, drinking, swimming and tanning, and it had been great. Of course, I hadn't gone out or got laid, as I would normally do on holiday, on account of the family. Still, it wasn't so bad.

Since I was just a poor student, I had booked the cheapest flights. As it turned out, I was here for a full two nights extra than everyone else, who had left that morning.

My folks had paid for the hotel, so I was staying in near luxury. The down side was boredom, and I didn't want to sit watching pornography for two days straight. So I had hit the local bars at about 9, hoping to get some pussy.

It was now 3 in the morning, and I hadn't gotten any pussy whatsoever.

There was a delicious looking Latina at the bar. Most of the patrons were brash holidaymakers from my own country. The chicks were just obnoxious party girls with none of the soft allure of the local Mexican girls.

I looked over and tried to catch her eye in my drunken state.

She was slightly plump, with curves in all the right places. Huge tits squeezed at her tight top. She looked over and we connected. She looked quickly away. Not in a come-get-me way. In a I-have-a-boyfriend-senor way. Game over.

There were two other girls sitting in the corner, in short skirts and heals. I nodded when they glanced in my direction. They just turned away. A minute later, they stood up and walked out.

Fuck this, I thought, I'm out. I was tired and drunk. I threw down the pesos and stumbled out. I lit up a smoke, standing there in the hope that some chica would walk up and suck my cock.

She didn't.

Instead, a greasy local in a vest and goatee walked past.

I headed home.

Inside the plush hotel I tripped on the stairs. As I walked past room 405 I heard a woman screaming in orgasmic ecstasy. For fuck's sake!

I opened my door with some effort, swaying around my room as I removed my clothes. Naked, I fell into bed. I grabbed my cock and starting to massage it. Soon I was hard, but after some furious pumping, imagining some gorgeous little Latin slut riding me with her sweet, tight pussy, I realized I was too drunk to cum. Fuck. I stopped bothering and fell asleep.

***

The next morning I awoke to the flapping of my blinds. They were thin, white cotton ones, and my windows were open. The soft breeze came in and cooled the room. Between that and the air con, the hot Mexican sun was kept at bay, and the place was nicely warm. I fell back into a slumber.

*Clink!*

I woke again with the sound of my door being opened. A young cleaner walked in.

"Oh, senor, I am sorry!" she cried in the most beautiful, thick accent.

I took in her form instantly.

She was just what you'd expected of a Mexican chick: curves; dark features; a shy smile.

Her white uniform was pulled tightly around her body. Her legs were thick, and the skirt barely got half way down the tanned, fleshy thighs. Her breasts were busting out of her top, with the buttons looking stretched to maximum capacity. Basically, her regulation outfit was turned into a slutty maid's uniform by virtue of her sexy body.

Her skin was a light brown, just the right colour. Her arms and legs looked smooth, her neck good enough to eat.

She had a beautiful face, too. Cute nose, pouting lips, dark eyes and kissable cheeks. Her eyes had a little bit of shadow - the only makeup on her face - and were alluring. They were big, brown, round and seemed to look straight into my soul. Her hair was long, jet black and shiny.

In short, she was perfect.

"No!" I said quickly. "Don't go. You can clean here." Ever the gentleman.

"Senor, are you sure?" she asked coyly.

"Of course. I'd be happy to help." I smiled as broadly as I could. She returned the compliment, flashing a set of straight pearly white teeth. Mm, I wondered what they would be like around my penis...

She shuffled in with her gear. And set to work vacuuming the floor.

I was still naked, and had just a thin sheet covering my morning wood. I wasn't going to go limp with this view! As she turned and bent over she revealed the juiciest, rounded, most fuckable ass I'd seen for a long time.

You could also make out the outline of her panties. They weren't a thong, but didn't look like they'd be keeping much of each cheek covered.

She turned around, still bent over, and her giant breasts were visible down her top. God they were gorgeous! She was wearing a lacy white bra which was doing its best to contain its load.

I shifted so that my rock hard penis wouldn't be tenting the sheet. My torso was uncovered, so she probably guessed that I was naked.

She looked up and our eyes caught. She smiled in a shy way, blushed and looked away. God, she was so cute! I wanted to kiss her tenderly as well as stick my throbbing cock in her wet pussy. Preferably at the same time...

"How long is that gonna take, do you reckon?"

"Maybe ten more minutes, senor. I will go as fast as I can."

"Don't hurry! I don't have to be up, so take your time."

She gave another of those smiles and thanked me. The vacuum was off now, and once again the only sound in the otherwise silent room were the flapping drapes. In the distance, the sea lapped against the shore.

I noticed her small gold earrings and cross necklace. I also noticed her bare legs.

After about five minutes she turned to me, hesitating.

"Erm, senor, I need to get to that bed and change the sheets." She was almost apologising.

"Oh, sure, er, well... maybe do you want to clean the bathroom while I get ready?"

She looked relieved and nodded. She went into the en suite and closed the door.

I slipped out of bed. My penis was staring straight in front of me, bobbing up and down. A dribble of pre cum glistened. I indulged in a few pumps before forcing myself to slip some shorts on and try and get myself limp again.

In a short while, the door clicked, and I heard her say:

"Senor, can I come out?"

"Yes, all clear!" I shouted back cheerfully. She emerged, and her eyes fell on my naked chest. Her brown eyes definitely lingered.

She wiggled over to my bed, stripping the sheets. Thank god I hadn't squirted everywhere last night.

Bent over the bed like she was, her huge, round Latin ass offered upwards, I couldn't help imagining slipping my cock in as I spanked her mercilessly.

"What's your name?" I asked.

"Gloria, senor." I introduced myself and she smiled at me.

"Are you from around here, Gloria?"

"Si senor. I live up the road, where I was born." She blushed slightly, like she had just told me her darkest secret.

"Is it fun living here? Must get kinda boring, no?"

"Si senor, it gets a little boring. There is just work really and drinking, like what the tourists do."

She paused.

"What about you sir? Where you come from?"

"Well, I live up in New York. I'm a college student."

She nodded.

"But I'm originally from Montana. Do you know where that is?"

She shook her head with an embarrassed smile.

"Haha, no, I don't blame you. New York is much cooler."

"I hope one day to go to America," she almost apologised.

"Oh yeah? Where you thinking?"

"Um, probably California, but maybe New York, too."

"Oh yeah, a lot of your people end up in those places."

"Si, but a lot of them go in illegally."

"Yeah that's what they say. Kinda controversial subject really."

"I don't think it's right. When I go, I wanna do it all proper."

"Well why are you thinking of leaving here? Cause it's boring?"

"Yes senor, it is so boring here, and I live at home and work all the time. All these tourists have fun and I wanna have some fun too," she laughed.

She was standing facing me now, talking with a bit more confidence than before. There was a silent pause. I smiled at her. She smiled back. Then she turned to the bed to finish tucking the sheet in.

I considered what to do. I had to make a move! She was sexy, of course, but I sensed something more. Maybe it was my dick talking, but I was sure that there was a connection. She liked me, I thought, and there was definitely tension in the air.

"OK, senor, thank you," she said abruptly. She went to gather her things up.

"Wait! Don't go," I said desperately.

I walked over. She looked up at me.

"Why not, senor?" He big brown eyes stared into mine.

"Because I want to kiss you," I replied firmly. There was a silence, and a tension filled the air.

Fuck, man, I gotta go for it!

So I leaned down, touching her lips with mine.

Her eyes closed, her mouth opened.

I went softly at first, my tongue quickly reaching hers. When this happened, it was like the two of us connected at an even greater level. We sucked passionately at each other, our tongues making love in each other's mouths.

I moved closer and put my arms around the bottom of her back. She pushed her stomach into mine as I did this.

My hands reached down and grabbed her huge ass. I was not disappointed! It was big, but felt perfectly toned and peachy. I squeezed and I felt her smile through our kiss.

She tasted so fresh, not really of anything, but that warmth that people seem to have on the end of their tongues.

This time she was the one using her hands. They went around my neck, reaching up to my hair and running her fingers through. At one point she grabbed a handful and pulled me in closer, her mouth slipping off mine as her teeth went over my lower lips: she nibbled.

I continued to squeeze her soft ass, moving down to the hem of her dress and feeling the milky smooth thighs. The skin was like touching butter, and I wanted to melt into her.

We resumed the tongue tennis. Her right hand trailed down to my ass, squeezing it, while her left went to my bare chest. She traced slowly down until she got to my shorts, where she grabbed my semi-erect penis firmly.

We broke our embrace and stared into each other's eyes. Her cute little smile was spread across those rounded cheeks. I put my lips to the right side and kissed, moving down to her caramel neck and loudly smooching. 

I bit her earlobe and she moaned. My tongue worked its way inside her ear and swirled around. She moaned even more, in a delightfully high pitch.

"Oh, si, senor, si!" she said

I pulled away and she smiled. She then undid her top button, moving down until they were all open. She wiggled out of her outfit and pushed it down. Standing in front of me in just her bra and panties, she stepped out of her shoes. She was even shorter now.

I took in all of her beautiful form. It was even better without clothes. Her skin was smooth and all the same colour - no tan lines like those tourists from my home country. 

I reached out a put my hands on her stomach - feminine and curvy without being too fat. Just a nice little plumpness. I hate a woman who is too muscular and toned.

Maintaining eye contact, she reached round and her bra suddenly fell to the ground.

Her two huge breasts fell free, although they were so perky that they barely sagged. They were juicy and large with two perfectly shaped nipples that stood to attention. She really was turned on! They stuck out almost as much as my massive boner.

My teeth went straight to them and she gasped as I softly bit. My hands felt her boobs, squeezing and pressing them together. Her eyes were closed and she was moaning.

As I lifted my hands away hers went to my shorts. She grabbed the waistband and pulled down, my dick flopping out and pointing to her stomach. She giggled.

"Oh, senor!" She looked very pleased with herself as I stood there naked in front of her.

I was just thinking how nice it would be if-

She sank to her knees. Bingo! Just what I wanted...

With my penis gripped firmly in her warm right palm, she kissed the head. She dotted my whole cock with little kisses, in fact, introducing her tongue half way down. She worked her way down to my swollen balls, licking in an expert way that made me gasp.

"Oh, Gloria, that's almost too much!" I half laughed. She got the hint and left them be only to completely take my whole penis in her mouth. The wet interior was warm and tingly, and I must have been half way down her throat!

She moved her head back so that only the tip remained, which she licked with that thick little tongue of hers. She lapped all around, taking special care on the underside. I shuddered in ecstasy, but I realised she was softly moaning... this was clearly as enjoyable for her as it was me.

I felt myself nearing the end, so I took hold of her hair and lifted her up. She stood in front of me in just her panties, obviously expecting another kiss.

Wrong.

I pushed her gently onto the bed and she gasped as she fell. She lay there, breathing heavily, her breasts rising and falling, the gold necklace lying in between.

I crawled between her warm thighs and ran my hands up the side. They were fleshy and soft, just like the rest of her.

When I reached the top, I grabbed her panties on each side and pulled them down, slipping them off the end of her delicate little feet. I threw them on the floor.

She lay still, her legs apart, he pussy ready for me. She had a little triangle of well trimmed hair on top, the rest of her smooth. She had clearly recently shaved. I could smell her sweet, sexual scent from where I was positioned.

I kissed the inside of her soft thighs. Slowly, romantically, lovingly. I got to the top of her legs and sat up.

My fingers traced the outline of her pussy. As they graced the outer labia, she softly sighed. She was soaking, with little patches of moisture all around.

I put my first two fingers on her clitoris and she drew her breath in sharply. She was so wet though it was almost difficult to know what was what down there. I moved my fingers from the top to the bottom in one slippery movement. Her breathing increased. 

I continued this movement for a couple of minutes, making sure to stop when I reached her clitoris every so often and rub in circles. I got more vigorous as she became less sensitive, warming up to my touch.

Then I slipped my first finger into her hole. She exhaled loudly and moaned. I stuck the second it. She was tight, I could tell, and after briefly going in and out I couldn't wait any longer. Luckily she had the same idea.

"Please go inside me," she begged.

I was only too happy to indulge her.

I jostled up between her legs, getting as close as I could. I put my penis to her entrance, and slipped the head inside. Soon the whole thing disappeared inside her.

The feeling was awesome. It made up for not getting laid the whole trip, in fact. She was tight enough to make my cock tingle, the foreskin pulled back against the moist folds.

Once inside her, I made sure the full length of my ample cock was taken by her pussy. Then I fell on top of her, resting against the giant breasts and sucking her neck.

She turned her head to greet me, and our tongues met. They swirled around each other before we locked lips and made out.

I then rhythmically started to move my pelvis, thrusting deeply but slowly into her. Soon her moans became too much for her to talk, and she closed her eyes and faced the ceiling. I pumped away, the tingling sensation in my rock hard cock increasing with every thrust.

My hands grabbed her thighs, one making its way behind to grab her fat ass. She did the same thing, squeezing me, whilst her other arm went around my neck. Her legs wrapped around mine, and we were completely connected, one body now.

I continued to thrust, getting faster and faster. She was louder and louder.

"Oh, mi amore, si, si!"

I nibbled and licked her ears. Her hair smelled so good and feminine.

"I think I'm cumming," I announced, almost apologetically. We'd only been going a few minutes!

"Si, si, cum inside me!" she wailed.

I lifted my cock right up so it almost came out, and crashed back in. I repeated this a couple of times, and she responded my rocking her body down then up against my movements.

She then did the most incredible thing: she contracted and relaxed her pussy muscles so that they massaged my penis. Her folds rubbed right against my tender penis, until it was too much.

"This is it!"

My whole body seized as ecstasy rushed through me. I tensed. I felt the juices of my semen shooting out into her wet pussy, completely flooding her insides.

I had about 8 more spasms, and must have unloaded a kilo of cum. I pumped vigorously as she squeezed my ass and gripped my hair.

Completely spent, and feeling the incredible endorphin rush. I collapsed on top of her. She stroked me tenderly and kissed my cheeks.

I rolled over and she turned, her leg across mine and her hand stroking my chest.

"Oh, my god!" she said, suddenly. "The time! Senor, I am late!" she jumped up and rushed into the bathroom with her outfit. In a minute she was out again, and grabbing her stuff.

She came up to me.

"Maybe I see you later?" I looked into her eyes. I smiled.

"Well, I'm not going anywhere..."

She reached over and we kissed.

"I will be here this evening. Don't go senor!" She ran out, struggling to button up her top as she went.