 "That's it for now, Gene," my attorney said at the door to his suite. "I'll give you a call when the papers come in and you can pick them up or we'll send them to you." 

"Okay, Mr. Lewis," I replied. 

He didn't bother with a handshake so I turned down the long dusty corridor and headed toward the old elevator. I was already thinking about things I wanted to do with my automotive shop under the auspices of my new company. I had just signed the final papers to be filed with the state forming the personal corporation for the business.

I had to wait nearly five minutes for the elevator to reach the 28th floor of the old building. It was slow and most of the more active tenants were on lower floors so it didn't surprise me that it was empty when I stepped in. I pushed the button for the ground floor and then leaned against the railing at the back of the car, resigned for a slow descent.

The old elevator creaked down, past 27, past 26, past 25, and then ground to a bouncing halt at 24. Not until a woman had stepped into the car did I look up to see a pretty young woman with a very serious look to her face. Our eyes met briefly but she glanced away before I could say hello. As she stepped into the opposite back corner of the car, I cast my eyes at the floor again and settled back. The doors crept closed and the car again started its descent with a bump.

I looked up at the floor indicator lights and watched 23 come on and go off. We went through 22, 21, 20 and 19 but then the car jolted to a stop, the floor lights went out, and the overhead light disappeared, although a little white emergency light came on, casting shadows everywhere.

The woman straightened upright and said in a scared voice, "What happened? Why aren't we moving?"

"I'm not sure. It looks to me as if the car lost power."

"Why?"

"I don't know. This is a very old building and an old elevator and maybe it needs repairs. It could be that the whole building has lost power. There's no way to know."

I looked over the control panel for a telephone or some way to call for help. There appeared to be a speaker in the panel but no phone. Pushing on all the buttons yielded no response until I got to the emergency button, a big red dot, which produced the sound of a distant bell ringing. However no one responded.

I checked all around the car for a way out and decided that the only escape hatch was in the ceiling and that was too tall for us to reach. I asked if she would let me boost her up to see if she could open it but she just shook her head.

I looked at the woman and realized that she was in a near panic. I said, "Look, the best thing for us to do is get comfortable. It might take a while but someone will rescue us sooner or later."

The floor was carpeted and didn't look too dirty so I settled down in my corner, leaning back against the paneling. After several minutes the woman did the same in her corner.

I awoke to a soft keening cry and realized it was coming from the woman. I reached out and touched her arm, asking, "Are you all right?"

Her response was to jerk her arm away from me and curl herself into a tighter little ball, her arms wrapped around herself in a tight hug. She again dropped her head and closed her eyes and made the same sound.

"Look. We're going to be all right if we just don't panic," I said, but it brought no response from her. I checked my watch and was surprised that I had been in the elevator for an hour and forty minutes.

I drifted back to sleep but found it was a fitful rest with the high-pitched squeal coming from her. Every so often it seemed to me like the sound grew a little bit higher in pitch. I wished there was something I could do to comfort her but she seemed to reject my attempts and there seemed to be nothing obvious that would help anyway. I dozed off again.

The next time I woke up, the woman was still in the huddled formation but leaning hard against the far wall. The sound was still constant and higher than every before.

"Ma'am, is there something I can do to help you?"

She shook her head and I thought that was the end of it but after several minutes, she said, "I should be home with my babies."

"Oh? How many do you have?"

"Two."

"Boys or girls?"

"One each."

"Ah! How old are they?"

"Fourteen months."

"Oh? Sounds like a fun age to have children. Bet you have a lot of fun with them, right?"

"Yes."

"Who's keeping them?"

"My mother."

"Then they're in good hands, right?"

"Yes." There was a long pause before she continued, "But I need to feed them."

What was so important about ... Ah! The light dawns. "Are they still nursing?"

"Yes!"

"And you are in pain, right?"

"YES!"

"Can't you ... well, you know ... empty some of the milk?"

"I don't ... don't have my pump and I've never been able to do it by hand very well."

"Oh. Well ... I see the dilemma. Is there any other way?"

She shook her head but she was groaning from the pressure inside her. She dropped her head to her chest and tried to squeeze herself but nothing seemed to help. I could only guess at the pain she was in.

The minutes ticked by slowly as I wracked my brain for any idea that would help the woman but what did I know about female breast care and hygiene? I thought about offering to try to express the milk from her myself but that seemed like a rather crude suggestion ... if she couldn't do it, why would I be successful?

And then a new thought occurred to me. I turned to her and said, "Ma'am? Could I take the place of your little ones?"

She opened her eyes and looked at me in horror. She shook her head and seemed to withdraw even more into the corner. The keening went on and on, growing ever higher in pitch. I closed my eyes tightly, trying to escape from her agony. According to my watch, midnight came and went, signifying more than seven hours in the tiny car.

I awoke with a start, feeling a tug at my arm. My eyes flew open and I suddenly realized that we were still in the elevator. I turned to the woman, surprised to see that she had removed her light jacket and blouse and bra, leaving her naked from the waist up. 

It didn't take a genius to see what was causing her pain ... her breasts were swollen until they seemed as tight as a balloon. A glance at the pile of clothes she had discarded between us showed that her bra and blouse were both stained with her milk, still wet where it had leaked out of her.

"Please suck me," she said, barely audibly. She was holding her full breasts up, her eyes were closed and her face displayed a look of resignation.

Quickly I shifted to my knees beside her and dropped my head to one of the distended nipples. It took me a few moments to get the hang of pulling and sucking the nipple so that the milk flowed but then my mouth was filled with sweet warm mother's milk. I found a rhythm and began pulling and sucking, swallowing, breathing, and then repeating the process.

It was wonderful ... and terrible. In just a few minutes my neck was so sore in that position that I knew I had to find a better way. Just as I said something, she said, "I know. Here. You sit back against the car."

When I did, she got up and carefully straddled me, sitting on my lap facing me. That put her two big jugs right in front of my mouth and it worked great. I resumed sucking and she had me alternating every few minutes so that the pressure began to go down in both organs. When I reached up to hold her tit to my mouth, she didn't seem to object and after a while she began running her fingers through my hair while I nursed. The thought came that she was substituting me for her babies.

I had been at it for some time when I realized that this position had created a new problem. With her bottom sitting on my lap, my cock had inflated and was trying to push its way up and out of my pants, looking for a home in that soft round bottom. Even though I tried not to think about it, there seemed to be no way to block it out.

The pain in her breasts must have gradually eased. It seemed to me that she began to gyrate in tiny circles on my cock, which grew harder and harder. From the beginning when I had first touched her breasts, there was a gentle aroma of warm milk about her and I had occasionally gotten the heady smell of lilacs. Now it seemed to be intermingled occasionally with the wonderful smell of hot pussy.

I had concluded that I was in heaven, sucking on this pretty woman's heavy breasts, considering my penchant for big hooters, and that she was lactating was a massive bonus but it got better. Breaking the suction between my mouth and her right nipple, she stood and reached under her long skirt with both hands. A little roll of material came down her legs and she kicked it to the wall beside me and only then did I understand that she had removed her panties.

She bent forward, worked my belt free, and unzipped my pants. Deftly she reached into my jockey shorts and pulled my cock and balls free, then holding my erection aloft, she lowered herself back to my lap. 

When my cock was at the wet entrance to her pussy, she looked at me and asked, "Alright?"

I could only nod my approval and she settled onto my root with three plunges. Quickly she lifted her tit back to my mouth and I resumed nursing. She leaned forward and sighed as I felt her inner muscles clench and release my grateful cock. The longer she rode me the more the magnificent smell of sex rose to my nostrils.

The longer I sucked on her tits, the thicker and sweeter the milk became until it grew harder and harder to draw it from her receptacles. Finally she gently pried my lips from her tit and said, "That's enough for now. Thank you."

She massaged her tits for a minute before saying, "That feels so much better."

After that she concentrated on the other connection between us. Her motions became more pronounced as she worked her ass around on my crotch, interspersing the circles with times where she rose and worked her bottom up and down my shaft in rapid motion, gradually working herself into an orgasmic frenzy. At last she planted her hands against the wall behind me and began jerking her head from side to side in spastic movements as wave after wave of pleasure surged through her body.

I had not cum, so as soon as her climax was over, I held her generous hips and lifted my bottom over and over, ramming my cock high into her steaming cunt until I felt my balls contract. I tried to hold back but it worked for only a few seconds before I was shooting stream after stream of hot cum into her pussy until I felt it flowing back out of her and onto my nuts.

She was almost a dead weight as I guided her to a spot beside me. I carefully moved both of us down until we were lying on the floor. I hugged her to me, letting her head lay on my left arm while I draped her blouse and jacket over her. We were both tired and I hoped we could get a little sleep.

The last thing I remembered to do before I drifted off was to pick up her rolled-up panties. I sniffed them, savoring the smell of her pussy, and then stuffed them into my pants pocket.

I awoke at 6:30 that morning to find the woman carefully poking me in the chest. I opened my eyes and got my bearings and smiled at her. 

"Good morning," I managed to mumble.

"Hey," she replied. "Its time to do it again."

"Huh?" I didn't comprehend.

"Drain my tits," she said, pointing them at me to show how full they were again.

"Oh. Okay." 

By the time I got that out, she had scooted up my form enough to present her left boob to my mouth. I clamped my lips around the erect nipple and began to pull and suck. Now this was breakfast in bed!

Without the agony of being as off-schedule as she was the day before, she let me drain one tit and then switch to the other. In the meantime she fished around until she found her purse, sorted through all kinds of female things and came out with a crumpled-up breakfast bar which became her meal while her milk was all I could want.

By the time she had me switch to the second orb, the sucking must have made her horny because she began playing a hand over my crotch. After a few minutes of that, I tugged at her and she climbed on top of my exposed erection. Although she had to lean forward so I could continue to feed at her breast, it still felt good to have her pussy around my cock.

When her tit was dry enough she told me I could stop, I rolled us both over until I was in her saddle looking down at a very pretty woman. For the first time we kissed and it was oh-so-sweet. I began to slide my cock in and out of her sheath, still kissing her lips, her neck and her ear as she wiggled her ass beneath me and held on tightly.

With no place to go, I wasn't anxious to end our coupling so I took it slow and easy ... my mind's eye pictured the slow movements of a walking-horse pump on an oil well, moving ever so slowly but just as surely drawing oil from the depths of the well. She was my well; our cum would be the oil and I was that slow, steady and sure pump.

The woman came four times before I felt my balls compress and begin shooting streams of hot sticky cum into her soft slick pussy. Twice, to suppress her outcry, she had dug her nails into my upper arms enough to draw blood. It felt good enough to me to be inside her that I didn't really care what she did to me. This was one of those rare times when the expression "It's all good" was really true.

Hoping that we might be rescued soon, I suggested that we clean up the car a little. That meant that we both dressed again and she put her things back in her purse and then we sat side by side to wait.

"My name is Carrie," she said.

"I'm Gene," I replied.

"Are you married?"

"No. Are you?"

"Nope. I had a boyfriend but when I got pregnant, he disappeared the day after I told him and no one knows where he went. Do you have a girlfriend?"

"No. Not for a while now."

"Um. What kind of work do you do?"

"I'm just an auto mechanic. I've got a little shop out in the burbs that I just bought and hope to make a living at. I was just in signing the last of the papers to form the personal corporation. I guess it's a long shot but its something I've always wanted to do."

"That sounds nice, being your own boss. Bet it takes hard work but ... if it works, you gotta get a lot of satisfaction from that."

"Yeah, I'm hoping."

"I think I'd trust you to fix my car," she said somewhat wistfully.

I laughed. "Thank you. Do you work?"

"Yeah, I've got a part time job answering phones in a doctor's office."

"Sounds interesting."

"Its not! Same ol' people with the same ol' complaints day after day."

Just then the overhead lights came on. I reached up and pushed the button for the ground floor and the old car finally resumed its descent. It had been more than twenty hours since I boarded the elevator. Now that's slow, I thought.

The End of Chapter 01