 This past year I moved into a brownstone rental unit. I have the end apartment and I like my new digs. There is a couple next door named Joe and Sarah. When I leave for work in the morning I would often see Sarah getting her newspaper. We would talk briefly before I got into my car. I was twenty-seven at the time and I thought that Sarah was in her early forties. I looked Sarah over more than a few times. She was a woman who was full figured. That is the way I like my women. I often fantasized about having her in my bed.

One day I was arrived back home. Sarah was sitting on the front porch. She looked upset. I asked if she was alright.

"Joe and I are separated now."

I didn't know whether to ask further or not. I told her if she ever needed to talk just knock on my door. A few days later it was Friday evening. I was going to stay in that night when I heard a knock on the door. I opened to find Sarah standing there.

"Can I come in?" She asked.

I showed her into my living room and she sat down on the couch.

"I needed someone to talk to," she explained. 

I told her to hold on. I went into the kitchen and I popped the cork on a bottle of wine. I came back with two glasses and the bottle. I poured us both a full glass. Sarah told me her story. When she first married Joe everything was okay. As time progressed things got worse. All Joe wanted from her was to clean the house and prepare his meals. Sarah said they rarely had sex towards the end. She finally couldn't take it any long and she confronted Joe.

He dropped a bomb on her. He said it would be best if they separated and then got a divorce. He didn't love her anymore. Sarah was devastated. This was a few weeks ago and now she was by herself, all alone. We managed to polish off that first bottle and then we began on a second bottle of wine. Sarah was starting to drift off after awhile. I took her glass from her and then I went and got a blanket. I covered her up and then turned off the light.

I went back to my bedroom and then stripped out of my clothes. I covered myself with the bed sheet and then fell asleep. Sometime during the night I felt a hand touching me. It was Sarah.

"Can I join you?" She asked. I was still groggy but I nodded my head. I reached over and flipped on the lamp. Sarah undressed and climbed in next to me. Our bodies were rubbing together and Sarah leaned in and kissed me on the mouth. Before you knew it we were touching each other. My cock was rubbing against Sarah's belly. I was getting hard.

"I need you Jason," She told me. 

I never expected something like this to happen. I rolled over on top of Sarah. She slid her thighs apart and I climbed into position. I took hold of my dick and I rubbed my mushroom across her wet folds. 

"Please fuck me," she pleaded.

I moved my dick into her slot and I began to push into Sarah. She let out this low moan as I pushed more of my cock into her hole. Once I was totally inside, I held my cock in place. Sarah ended up using her pussy muscles to massage my dick. A few minutes of that and I began to take Sarah harder. My new lover was panting hard as I shoved my cock in the whole way and then pulled back. Sarah strapped her legs around my back and she placed her hands onto my waist.

We got into a nice fucking motion. I would slide in the whole way and Sarah would thrust back against my mound. One thing I was certain of. Sarah needed cock in the worst way. She was whimpering as I stirred my cock around inside her tight tunnel. Yes, Sarah's pussy muscles were tight, not sloppy. We went at it for maybe a half an hour. I was feeling like I might cum very shortly.

"Do I need to pull out?" I asked her.

"No, stay inside me!" She pleaded.

I did just that. A few more minutes of pumping my thick cock into her tummy and I erupted. Sarah's body jerked as she felt my warm seed entering her tunnel. I must have had a full reserve that night. I kept squirting my sticky load into Sarah's body. All good things must come to an end. I lost my erection and I slid out of Sarah. I finished her off by sucking on her big, erect nipples. Sarah said she had multiple orgasms after we fucked that night.

Thankfully, the next day was Saturday. Sarah stayed over and we made love for most of the day. Sarah was starved for cock. Luckily, I was able to give her what she needed. That next morning Sarah made me hard with her mouth. She bobbed up and down my prick until I was stiff. After that, she got over top of me and then lowered her pussy until I sunk into her hot oven. Sarah rode me hard that morning. I was able to reach up and cup her beautiful breasts. First I rubbed the palms of my hands over her nipples and then I tweaked each one with my fingers. 

Sarah was practically screaming there in bed. Somehow I managed to give her more of my seed. She really had me turned on that morning. I shot a few streams of cum into her greedy hole. Sarah was one hot lover. I thought that Joe was a fool to give this up. That started a relationship between us. Sarah would sneak over late in the evening so the neighbors wouldn't get wind of what we were up to. Sarah knew exactly how to satisfy me. She would suck my cock or have me rub my dick between her big tits.

I have lost count of how many loads of my love cream I have given Sarah. She just can't seem to get enough of my cock. That is okay with me. She is worried about our age difference. She is sixteen years older than me. She said she was afraid I would eventually drop her for a younger woman. I told her not to worry. That wasn't going to happen. 

It's now four months later since we first had sex. Sarah is in the process of putting her brownstone up for sale. Once that happens she and I will be looking for a bigger place to stay. It's best if we get away from the prying eyes of the neighborhood. I can't believe how lucky I got. I get to fuck Sarah nearly every night and I don't have to beg her for it. She loves to be filled up with my cum and I plan to keep it that way.