 It was a beautiful Sunday in New Orleans. The sun was peeking over the horizon as Bryan found his start wave for the marathon he was about to run. He was trying not to focus on the butterflies in his stomach as he prepared to run his first marathon. His blue running shirt and black shorts felt great on him as he prepared for the greatest challenge he's faced to date. It was a large race, with over 2,500 running the marathon and more than 12,000 running other distances. "Bryan! Hey, Bryan," he heard a woman shout.

Bryan paid no attention, figuring it was addressed to someone else named Bryan. Then a hand fell on his shoulder and he turned around to see it was Samantha that was calling him. The two met the previous evening at a bar in the French Quarter and spent three hours drinking and chatting. Her shoulder length auburn hair was rolled into a tight bun. She had a pair of running shorts on that clasped to her skin, outlining the curves of her hips and butt. Her black t-shirt was a little too big for her. At 5'7" she was only a few inches shorter than him. 

The start gun went off, signaling that the first wave is off. Since the two of them were in the 13th wave they still had plenty of time. Samantha lightly touched his arm as she smiled at him and asked, "Ready for your first marathon?"

"Little nervous," he responded.

"You'll do fine," she said to him as they began to move up to the start. "Why don't you stick with me," she asked.

"Sure," Bryan said as he looked into her blue eyes. There's just something about this woman. The two of them connected almost instantly at the bar last night. It's not that she's athletic and beautiful, which she is. Her entire body had a slightly muscular tone. You could tell she works out regularly but isn't a fitness fanatic. Bryan guessed that her breasts were C-cup. It was the fact that conversations with her felt so natural. The two of them just clicked immediately. 

Suddenly their wave was up and with the sound of the announcer yelling, "GO," they were off. Samantha was obviously an experienced marathoner. She and her friend began at a brisk pace but easy enough that none of them were out of breath. About a half mile in, Bryan could feel himself warming up. None of the three were saying anything as they settled into a rhythm. All three of them were beginning to sweat as they approach the first mile marker. Samantha suddenly took off her shirt as they past the one-mile sign and threw it aside. 

She was now running in her shorts and a sports bra. Bryan couldn't help but admire her tan body with her breasts slightly bouncing with each of her strides. Samantha noticed him looking and pretended to misunderstand. "Oh, most marathoners shed layers as they warm up. The race gathers them up and donates them to charity," she gave him a knowing smile, "You WERE wondering why I threw a perfectly good shirt away, weren't you?"

Bryan decided that there was no good answer and said nothing as he pretended to concentrate on his breathing. It was nice to see all those training runs are paying off. He was hardly out of breath as they ran the next few miles. Bryan kept checking this hot chick out whenever he could as they ran. Samantha pretended not to notice. She thought Bryan was hot since they met in the bar last night and she was glad he felt the same way about her. Of course, she was checking out his moderately muscular frame as well.

About two hours in they were passing mile 12. At this point Samantha slowed for her first walk break. Bryan, of course, slowed with her. "So are you from New Orleans?"

"No," she responded as she lifted up her arms to stretch, "Colorado."

Bryan tried to hide his excitement as he said, "Hey, me too! Where in Colorado?"

Her arms were still in the air and he was trying not to openly stare at her chest as she said, "Fort Collins."

"South Denver," he said.

Samantha was done stretching but kept her arms in the air to tease him. She really liked that he couldn't stop admiring her body. "Nice," she said excitedly, "We'll need to meet up when we get back. Where are you staying?"

He told her which hotel.

"Me, too," she said excitedly.

With that, she began jogging again with Bryan in tow. The next 8 miles were spent with very little talking. They were both starting to feel the fatigue set in. Bryan was wondering when he would hit the dreaded "wall." Samantha and he had definitely let their pace slack off a bit. By mile 20 they were both giving each other encouragement. Bryan felt like he was completely out of energy. Samantha could have gone on without him but didn't. Instead she urged him on, "C'mon. We only have to run a 10K now and we're done."

Bryan could see the sweat glistening on her body in the sun. Her dark tan looked even sexier now. They're passing 22 miles now and she looked like she was out for an easy jog and not a grueling 26.2 miles. He noticed that she would glance at him every so often. "Make you a bet," she said. 

Bryan didn't really have the strength to respond now so he just looked at her. She continued, "If you cross the finish before me you can take me back to your room and have your way with me."

Bryan almost stopped flat in his tracks yet somehow managed to keep going. He mumbled, "An...And if you cross the finish first?"

"I take you back to my room and have my way with you! Deal?"

Bryan figured she was putting him on to make him go faster but he shook her hand anyway. With that she put on a small burst of speed and Bryan spent the next 4.2 miles basically admiring her really athletic looking ass. She made sure not to go so fast that he's left behind but at the same time they both knew who's room they were going back to after the race. 

They crossed the finish line with Bryan only a few seconds after Samantha. Bryan felt absolutely drained and figured she felt the same way. They were walking through the finish area. Samantha's smile was beaming. She wrapped her arm around his waist and kissed him on the cheek. "Great job marathoner! But I guess we go back to my room," she said with a mischievous grin.

Bryan smiled at her and on a whim planted a full kiss on her mouth. Samantha immediately melted into him as they kissed deeply. A few people in the crowd let out cat calls and whoops at the sight of them but they didn't care. They broke off and walked through the finish area with his arm around her waist. They picked up the bags they dropped off at the start area. To Bryan's disappointment, Samantha took a T-shirt out of her bag and put it on. They spent the next hour sitting on a grassy area; eating snacks, drinking beer, and listening to the band playing on the stage the race set up.

Finally, they got up and headed to the buses taking racers back to the start area. It was a school bus where the seats were a little too small for adults. They sat in one of the seats with their bags in their laps. Under the bag, Samantha subtly rubbed his crotch and inner thigh. She could feel a bulge in his pants get bigger. The bus dropped them off about six blocks from their hotel on the riverfront. They walked there hand in hand. They got in the elevator and she pressed the button for the 25th floor. Nobody else got on the elevator so the second the doors closed they began kissing passionately. 

The elevator doors open and they stumbled out into the hall. The moved down it to her room kissing and groping each other as they went. They got to her door and she frantically slid the card through the reader. The stepped in the room together and the instant it slammed closed they began tearing at each other's clothes. They took off each other's shirts standing outside the bathroom and threw them into the room. Samantha let her hair down and Bryan lifted her sports bra off. 

He stepped back to admire her breasts. He took one of her tits in his hand and brought it up so he could start licking the nipple. Her nipple was already hard and she began to breath more heavily as he flicked his tongue across it rapidly. After a minute he came back up and they began kissing passionately and wrapping their arms around each other. His hands worked down her back down to her waist. She gasped in his mouth as his fingers began to creep into her running shorts. He tugged at them little by little until they were halfway down her waist. They then broke off their kissing and stood back so he could pull them off completely.

Her shorts fell around her ankles and she stood before him naked (you don't wear underwear with running shorts). She smiled at him nervously as he admired her tan and toned body. Her fingers lightly brushed against his chest as her hands moved down to his shorts. She knelt onto her knees as she began tugging on them. She pulled them down, allowing his hard cock to be free. Samantha smiled at the sight of it. It wasn't huge at 6 inches but was big enough for her purposes. She gave his shaft a lick as he kicked his shorts away. 

She stood up and wrapped her arms around him. She pressed her body against his as they kissed passionately for a minute. She then broke it off and started nibbling on his ear lobe. She whispered to him, "You know what I wanna do now?"

His hands immediately began groping her ass in response. Samantha chuckled and whispered, "Take a long, hot, steamy shower."

She gave his ear lobe on last nibble and broke away, heading into the bathroom. Samantha was staying in a premium room at a five-star hotel and the room looked it. The bathroom was lined with marble. The shower stall was partitioned with glass and had ample room for two people. Both of them took off their socks as they headed for the shower. She turned on the water as she stepped in followed by him. They started laughing and kissing as the cold water washed over them.

It quickly heated up and within moments the stall was filled with steam. Samantha grabbed the soap and started rubbing it into his chest. She looked into his eyes and smiled at him as her hands worked their way over his stomach and began rubbing his cock. Bryan looked down at her as she lathered it with soap. Then she stepped aside toward the glass wall of the shower stall so the water would rinse him off. As it was doing that, he took the soap from her and started soaping up her back. 

Samantha moved her now wet hair out of the way so he could lather her neck. Then he moved down to her shoulders and then the small of her back, rubbing the soap into her body. Finally he started rubbing it over her ass. In the glass wall of the stall he could see a faint reflection of her smiling even as her breathing got heavier. He then started lathering soap on her legs, rubbing his hand up and down the inside of her thigh. She let out a gasp when the side of his hand brushed against her pussy. 

He got up as she stepped back into the water stream to rinse off her back. He stepped around so that she was between him and the water. She smiled at him as she checked out his wet body. Her eyes stayed on his cock for a moment, which was rock hard by now. He pulled her to him and they started kissing again. Samantha had never wanted to be fucked by a guy so badly in her life.

Even as she was getting ready to bend over and present herself to him, he handed her the soap and turned around so she could do his back. Samantha let some of her frustration out by digging nails into him here and there as she lathered up his back and butt. She gave him a slap on the ass when she was done and guided him into the water stream so he could rinse off. 

She grabbed the shampoo bottle and started to rub it into her shoulder length hair. He laid the soap next to the shampoo bottle and started massaging it into her scalp as she took more shampoo and started doing the same to him. They looked into each other's eyes and she gave him her best "I want you" smile as they both stepped into the water and rinsed off together. Bryan grabbed the soap as they stepped out and, gripping her by the shoulders, turned her around so she was facing away. 

She reached back and positioned his cock so it pressed into her ass crack. It glided easily against her due to the soap she rubbed into it earlier. She began to rub her ass into him as he reached around with the soap and began to lather her up. His hands began massaging her breasts as she reached up with one arm and held the back of his neck. Her breathing started becoming deeper and she arched her back when he pinched one of her nipples. 

His hand slowly moved down over her stomach. Samantha let out a moan of frustration, as his fingers started moving through her pussy hair but no further. He began kissing her neck as he slowly moved his hands downward. The bar of soap dropped to the floor and Samantha let out a long moan as his fingers brushed over her clit. She put her hands on top of his and started guiding him in how to jack her off. She got him into a rhythm and let him go at it. One of her hands reached up to hold the back of his neck. The other reached around to feel his ass. She was so turned on already that it wouldn't take long for her to climax. She thought about how hot he looked during the race with the look of determination on his face and sweat running down his muscles. She could feel his cock pressing into her and thought about how big it would feel when he put it in her. 

Her whole body had tensed up and she started letting out an occasional moan with her panting. "Don't stop," she panted repeatedly to him as he slipped a finger into her. She let out a long moan as he slowly penetrated her. His other hand came up to grip her breast as her face began to take on that look of pain that every man wants to give to his lover. Her whole body shuddered in his arms as she climaxed. Her moans echoed in the shower stall. Both of Bryan's hands were massaging her tits now. Samantha gave a laugh as she turned around to kiss him.

She broke off the kiss and looked him in the eye. After giving him her best "I want you now" look, she gave him a small nod and said, "Ok."

She stepped away, turned around, and stepped toward the glass partition of the shower stall. Bryan stepped behind her as she bent over, resting her hands and the side of her face against the glass to steady herself. She let out a small giggle as Bryan playfully slapped her butt and lined up his cock to enter her. He entered her slowly, teasing her as she took him inch by inch. Samantha let out a long moan as he mounted her. Once his cock was all the way in he held it there for a moment as they both enjoyed the sensation.

Then he started thrusting into her. He knew he wouldn't last long with all of their foreplay. The shower stall echoed with the sound of them fucking. Samantha's breasts were jiggling around from his thrusting. Bryan reached around to squeeze one of them as he began fucking her harder. Samantha reached down to rub her clit as he gripped her hips to steady her. The pace and intensity of his thrusting picked up. All they could hear in the shower was the sound of her ass hitting his hips. 

Samantha groaned as his thrusting grew more urgent. Her face began twisting into that look of pain again as she rubbed herself more rapidly. Both of Bryan's hands were gripping her hips now as he fucked her as hard as he could. Samantha was moaning loudly as he pushed his cock as deep into her as he could and held it there. Her mouth hung open and the sound of both of them breathing heavily filled the shower stall as he shot his load into her.

After a minute he pulled out of her and stepped away. Samantha was smiling and gave a small giggle as she turned around to face him. They were both still breathing heavily as she leaned in to kiss him. She whispered in his ear, "You know what I want to do now?"

She nibbled on his ear lobe then answered, "Take a long nap."

Bryan smiled and said jokingly as he grinned at her, "Did anyone tell you you're the perfect woman? You're hot, great at sex, AND you're smart!"

Samantha rolled her eyes and smiled at him as they both rinsed off one last time and stepped out of the shower. They dried off and she took him by the hand and led him to the bed. They climbed in with Samantha on her side facing away and him spooning her. He reached around her chest and let his hand rest over her breasts as they both immediately drifting off to sleep in the nude.