 I had just gotten home after getting off of work early and no one was home. I sat down and sighed contentedly, trying to remember the last time I had the house all to myself. I flipped on the television and kicked my feet up onto the coffee table. I was just getting into a show about vampires when the door opened and Becca walked in from grocery shopping.

She brought in two bags of groceries and I helped her get them into the kitchen. I went back out with her and grabbed the other two bags and we took them into the house, talking about shopping and whatnot.

Becca, our 'housekeeper' and live-in girlfriend, was working on putting away the groceries when she stopped and turned to look at me.

"What are you doing home," she asked, aware that I shouldn't have been home for a few more hours.

"I took a half-day as personal time, just to get out of the office for a while."

She nodded and went back to putting away the foodstuffs.

"So, Becca. What do you do when we aren't here?"

Becca, as I said, lived with us. Ashley and I made enough money to cover having a third person living with us with no difficulty. Granted, I couldn't buy the huge plasma TV I wanted, but at least we all had each other. Besides: LCD was the way to go.


She laughed and said, "Well, I do the grocery shopping and usually the laundry, but you two have been pretty tidy lately." She smirked. "After that, I go down to the basement and workout, trying to keep myself in shape." She turned and showed me her figure, which was still out of this world. She had her brown hair pulled back in a ponytail, away from her face. Her brown eyes sparkled as she smiled.

Becca is fairly short, about five two or so. I don't know how much she weighs, but there can't be much actual fat on her. Going down on someone gives you a good idea of what they look like. Her thighs were thick with muscle, all the better to squeeze my head with. Her hips were wider than Ashley's but they were good to hold on to during sex, as was her narrow waist.

Her large breasts were firm and supple, almost begging to be licked and sucked on, which she loved. These led up her chest to her neck, taut with muscle that loved to be bitten. Above that, her rounded face but by no mean chubby. That was just her face and it was lovely.

"Becca," I said. "I hardly think you need to 'keep in shape.' You're absolutely gorgeous as always."

She blushed and shook her head. "Thanks, but the only way I stay 'absolutely gorgeous' is by working out when you're not home. And thanks for noticing, by the way. It's been a while since you noticed me."

I realized she had a hurt sound to her voice, so I walked up behind her hand wrapped my arms around her waist. "I'm sorry if it feels like I'm neglecting you, Becks. I don't mean to hurt you." I placed a soft kiss on her neck.

She turned in my grasp and looked up at me, wrapping her arms around my waist, her arms under mind. "Promise you and Ashley still want me here?"

I leaned down and kissed her. "Promise, Becks. And I promise I'll try to start paying more attention to you."

She smiled up at me. "Good. I'm getting tired of my vibrator." She pushed away from me and laughed, finishing the groceries. She tossed the paper bags into the recycling bin and told me she was going to head downstairs to workout.

"Do you want any help? Need spotting or anything? I used to be pretty good in the gym," said, flexing muscles that hadn't seen a set of weights in a while. Granted, I played hockey regularly, so I was still in shape, I just didn't lift weights very often.

Becca laughed and said she would take company if nothing else. I told her I'd be down as soon as I changed and hurried upstairs. I took off my work clothes and laid them out, planning on hanging them up later. I went into the closet and pulled out a pair of black exercise shorts, the pair I usually wore when we had hockey practice. They were clean, which meant Becca had been keeping up with our laundry. I pulled out a clean muscle shirt and put on my shoes and headed downstairs.

By the time I got downstairs, Becca was most of the way through her stretches, music playing on a boom box sitting on the floor. I joined her and did some fairly quick stretches, since playing goalie keeps you limber.

Becca smiled at me and finished stretching and stood up, grabbing some of the free weights. We didn't have a particularly large basement or a lot of weights or machines, but we had enough for a good workout. A treadmill sat in one corner, next to one of those 'all-in-one' machines that could be switched around for different exercises. A weight bench was next, letting someone bench press. Ashley was usually the only one who used that. Along the wall next to that, we had a small rack of free weights, though I was the only one in the house who could lift the heaviest.

I started doing a few pushups, quickly breaking into a nice sweat. Becca was doing lunges in the middle of the room, keeping the small hand weights out in front of her. After a few minutes of those, I could tell she was getting warm. She set the weights down at the end of her set and pulled her shirt off, leaving her in a sports bra to cover her large breasts and leaving me wondering how I could ever ignore her. I shook my head and concentrated on my pushups.

Going through the motion of pushups didn't help as I started thinking about using that same motion on Becca, but for different reasons. I dropped my knees to the floor and looked up, where Becca was doing a dead lift in front of me. The dead lift is where you bend over at the waist and then stand back up, lifting the weights. It's good for your hamstrings, legs and especially the glutes, also known as the butt.

Becca's ass was only a few feet in front of me, flexing as she bent over and stood up. I groaned quietly and tried to shift my slowly rising penis in my workout shorts. On her last rep, Becca looked at me around her right leg and grinned as my...condition. I shook my head and she replaced the weights.

"Will, can I have you help me with the bench press," she asked, toweling herself off. "I'm going to try for a heavier weight than usual since you're here." I said I would and got up from the floor, heading toward the weight bench.

"How many reps are you going for, so I know when to help you?"

"Well, I usually try for a dozen or so. Let's make it an even ten, I guess. Just to be safe."

I nodded and took my place at the end of the bench. Becca reached up and grabbed the bar and put my hands inside hers. A quick calculation showed me she had about seventy-five pounds up there, including the bar. I helped her lift the bar and watched her form as she moved the bar smoothly up and down, getting slower on the last few.

I helped her move the bar to the rack and released it, hearing the clunk as the bar hit the metal. I grabbed her a towel and her bottle of water, letting her wipe her face and drain most of the bottle of water.

"So, Ms. Olympia. Any more sets?"

She lay back down under the bar, looking up at me. "One more, I think."

I simply nodded and grabbed the weight bar. Becca reached up and her hands went up my shorts, grabbing my cock in one hand. I looked down at her, surprise on my face.

She had her other hand squeezing her breast through her sports bra. "This was the set I had in mind that needed done."

I groaned as she moved her hand up and down my shaft, licking her lips as she looked up at me. I felt my hips move of their own accord and she stroked me. She removed her hand from both my cock and her nipple and reached up further, pulling down my shorts. I don't wear underwear when I workout at home, since it keeps me cooler that way.

Becca reached up again, cock in one hand, balls in the other, driving me crazy. My knees buckled at her soft touch and I leaned against the bar. Becca pulled her head off of the bench and took the head of my hard on into her mouth, sucking greedily on it, making small moaning sounds as she did.

I regained control of my legs and started pumping downward into her mouth, feeding her my shaft, watching inch after inch disappear into her warm wet mouth. Becca grabbed my shaft and pulled it out of her mouth, pushing me backwards against the wall. She slid toward me until her head dangled backwards over the end of the bench and then opened her mouth, sticking her tongue out.

I knelt down, holding onto the bar for support and started pushing my cock into Becca's mouth, her lips clamping down hard on me. I slowly pushed further until my balls were resting against her nose, her throat bulging slightly as my cock entered it. I started to pull out of her throat and Becca took in a deep breath of air through her nose.

I started fucking her mouth, getting most of it in every time, her tongue racing across my sensitive skin. I have always loved getting blowjobs from Ashley and Becca and sometimes both at the same time and this was no exception. Becca was trying to get my attention so I tore my eyes away from the sight of my penis disappearing into her and looked down at her, immediately pulling out as her face had turned bright red from blood.

She scooted back up the bench, taking in deep breaths of air, her eyes glazing over and looking like they were going to cross. I let her catch her breath and watched at the blood flowed out of her face, returning it to it's slightly pink color, a color brought on by exertion toward by the weights and me.

Becca told me to come around to the other side of the bench, so I did, my erection bouncing in front of me the whole way. I stepped up next to her and she guided me into straddling her on the bench, my cock bouncing right above her breasts.

She looked up at me and licked her lips again and squeezed her mounds together. I crouched and slid my rod in between her sweat-slicked breasts and pushed toward her mouth, which expertly took the head of my cock and licked it, sucking on it as it withdrew. I put my hands on the bar over her head and continued pushing my cock in and out of her cleavage, her tongue working on me as I got to her lips.

I sped up my pace, looking down at Becca and she held her boobs together, pinching her nipples and licking her lips as I pulled away from her. Her fingers moved from her nipples and down onto my shaft, the stimulation between her breasts and fingers driving me toward the edge.

I looked into her eyes and she said, "That's it, Will. Give me that cock. I want to feel that cum all over me. Fucking give it to me." She said it all softly, almost whispering, which just made it that much hotter.

I pushed my cockhead into her inviting mouth and started moving back and forth, just moving the head in and out, and my orgasm starting to make my balls tingle as they grew tighter to my body. Her tongue flicked into the triangle on the underside of the head, making me moan loudly.

I pulled out of Becca's mouth and started stroking myself quickly. "Oh god, Becks. I'm gonna cum. I'm gonna cum all over you."

She cooed at me. "Yeah, Will. Cum all over me! On my tits, on my face, in my mouth! All over! Just give it to me!"

I grunted and felt my cock swell in my hand, launching my first blast of cum onto Becca's right cheek, the second landing square on her lips, her tongue darting out to lick it off.

My third and fourth shots landed on her throat, pooling into the little hollow there. I aimed the rest of my cum onto her breasts, coating her nipples and forming a small river in between them that started to run down toward her navel.

I let go of my twitching cock and leaned against the bar, trying to catch my breath. Becca leaned up and cleaned my off, her tongue trying to snake into the slit of my penis, getting out any last drops of cum inside. My hips jerked once as she sucked on the sensitive head and she let go, grinning up at me from the weight bench.

I leaned down and gave her a kiss, barely able to taste my cum on her tongue. "I'm sorry I've been neglecting you, Becks. It won't happen again." She smiled and started to say something, but the front door opened upstairs. It was Ashley getting home from work.

"Hello," she yelled. "Is anyone home?"

"Down here, Ash," I yelled back. "We were just...working out." Becca stifled a giggle as we heard Ashley walking down the stairs.

"Well, I hope you two saved some energy for me. I'm hornier than hell and I need a tongue in my pussy."

Becca and I just smiled at each other and waited for Ashley to join us for another workout.