 Mmmm, hear the water tumbling into the tub? Sounds so inviting. The room is filled with steam as I enter, barely able to see your tiny form as you lean over and add some bubbles. I move closer and the vision of beauty becomes more clear, your sexy white lace panties clinging with the wetness, a button front shirt with the two middle buttons gathering the garment around your body.

I'm already naked, ready for our bath. As I reach you, you turn around right into my arms. Our lips meet, each kiss with you seems to generate the excitement of a first kiss, only better 'cause now we're more familiar, now we know what the other likes and needs. You feel my heart pounding against you as my hands undo those two buttons, then glide in under the shirt, spreading it open, now shucking it to the floor. I pull you tightly against my body, your breasts so soft, my chest hair tickling.

Our kiss has lost by now any of that tenativeness of a first kiss, pure passion, tongues twisted in a mad tango. Your teeth playfully nip down on me, I'm barely able to bring my tongue back into my mouth, a smile plastered there as I pull my face away and gaze into your eyes. Though the room has filled with steam and seems quite hazy, those blue eyes light it up, it's like I'm looking into the sky.

My hands wander down, cupping your marvelous ass, my thumbs sneaking under the waistband of your panties. I can't resist the treat that lies within, my hands slide in, god your skin is so smooth. Instantly I'm brought to life, there's no way you can't feel my arousal as it presses against you.

Your lips are on my neck, your tongue making a wet trail as your head moves lower, and your hands are on my hips, gently pulling my body more tightly against yours.

Suddenly we hear the water lapping at the edge of the tub...we pull apart, laughing. As you lean over to shut off the faucet, I lean over and roll your panties off your body.

We climb in and settle down under the water. Heat surrounds us, so soothing, so relaxing. You're sitting in front of me, my legs wrapped around you, your back against my chest, my nose nestled in your hair.

My hands gravitate towards your breasts, mmmm, they feel so good in my hands, fingers gently tweaking each nipple. I love the way they stand up, your arousal now matching my own.

Our bodies are so slick now, the steam and soap and oil combining in a slippery magic potion. My hands slide lower, softly pawing at your tummy, moving lower still.

You take my hand in yours, guide me down the trail. Oh babe, you're very slick, it's not just the bath making you feel so good. My hand in yours finds just the right rhythm and pressure, a light touch sending shivers up and down your back. My fingers delight in tracing lines along the length of your lips, pressing just a bit deeper with each pass. The moans slipping out of your sweet mouth tell me my touch is right.

I can feel your hips slowly start to rock, pushing yourself against the pressure of my hand, your hand still entangled with mine, as my other hand softly pulls on your nipple. I'm whispering in your ear, telling you just how good you feel, just how good we feel together, just how good we'll feel forever.

And as you rock against me, your ass presses against my shaft, which by now has grown stiff with desire, and feels like it's ready to burst. We shift postion just slightly, now my cock is nestled between your thighs, joining our hands in that fantastic dance against your heat.

You take me in your hand....fuck that feels so good...stroking slowly. Now you press me against your swollen lips, moving me like an extra thumb, rubbing against your nub.

"I want you John, I want you now" you tell me in a ragged whisper. As our bodies rock together, your press me into you....mmmmm....like sliding into a velvet pocket. Your wetness clasping tightly around me, I've found a place I never want to leave. We sit there motionless for a moment, connected perfectly, feels so good to fill you like this. But my restless fingers can't resist your slickness, and start to stroke again. Your hips respond, and mine to them. Now water is splashing over the edges of the tub, we don't care, we're lost in the passion, I only want to feel you, I want to hear your moans.

Your head turns to mine, our mouths meet again for another hungry kiss. My tongue plunges inside your mouth matching the motion of my cock. This is it, baby, I feel your sweet pussy clench around me just as your teeth bite down. I'm exploding deep inside you, and I feel your body shaking with delight.

And then it's over...why does it have to end? Still, we remain connected, hearts slowly returning to normal. Our bodies slumping in that tub, I don't want to let you go. No words are exchanged, the only sound is the "drip, drip, drip" of the faucet, and our own deep breathing, recovering from our frantic frolic.