 What it boils down to is that I am fascinated by water. I love watching the waves on the shore, waterfalls, and rain. Bridges excite me because I know I will be crossing bodies of water. I even lost my virginity in the backseat of a car during a huge thunderstorm, feeling like we were in our own little world as the rain poured down and I became a "woman".

As an unattached woman, I was constantly on the lookout for fun, singular activities. Inexpensive was always nice too. This might explain my favorite past-time, getting my car washed. Even better than that is getting my car washed as I orgasm, screaming and moaning. This is something I really enjoy doing. We have a car wash conveniently located in our neighborhood. You pay the guy your money and he lets you ride through the car wash as the bubbles and hot water cascade down on the car. I used to just enjoy the ride, the feeling of being totally invisible in the rain storm. Then my mind did a free association thing and I thought, "Hmmm, rainstorm--->rain--->soapy water---->invisibility--->secrets--->lovemaking--->coming. Oh, god, yes, coming! I immediately tried to see if there was enough time in an average car wash to come satisfactorily. Thus I learned to combine my two favorite activities. And it was good, so very good! 

One day, I was at home, reading an interesting book, when I was overcome with the desire for a clean car. I also thought a nice orgasm would be wonderful too. I dressed in short shorts and a halter top and headed out to my favorite place. It was late and most of the employees had gone home, leaving just Jack to finish the last few customers. He started to tell me I was too late, but he kind of liked me and I was a regular, so he let me get in line for the last wash of the day. I was really ready for this, in fact, my fingers were rubbing my soft inner thighs before I ever entered the dark tunnel. I deliberately let my arm rub against my nipples, making them hard and tight inside my little top. I watched as each car entered the cave of water, the lights bright in the darkness. 

My fingers were sliding into my shorts, touching my curlies and combing through them with just the tips. I already had my legs spread, my toes stretching to the car floor. Finally, it was my turn. I drove carefully forward, getting my car situated on the automatic tracks and then sighing as I brought my legs under me, Indian fashion. I had lately begun enjoying Bocelli and had one of his cds playing as I entered the tunnel. As he sang loudly of love, I slipped my slender fingers into my shorts, pulling them to one side. I began by teasing the slit, sliding the two fingers back and forth. It was really difficult touching as deeply as I wanted, so I decided to slip my shorts down. I lowered them down my legs and placed them on the seat beside me, returning to my cross-legged position. 

Ah, now I could touch as much as I wanted. The car moved forward slowly, entering the wash cycle as I reached for my puffy little lips again. I loved teasing myself, making myself wait for the pleasure I knew was coming. I gently ran my fingers over my curlies, twisting them and combing them gently, feeling my lips as they began to swell and open. I could feel the moisture gathering there, making my path so easy to follow. Now, I deliberately stilled that hand and reached inside my little shirt to pinch my nipples. I held one breast and just enjoyed the feeling of my nipple drawing up into a tight little bud. I loved the aching feeling that accompanied this miracle. I ran my fingernails over the hard nipple, feeling the electric current moving through my body, directly to my clit. I loved my body! 

The water was all around me now, I could see nothing of the building. It seemed very dark too, but I knew it was getting late and it actually seemed that much sexier to me. I slid my entire palm over my soft mound, cupping it and just cradling it in my warm hand. I could feel the heat as my hand caressed my sweet pussy and I gave into temptation. I slipped my trusty middle finger inside the slit and touched my clit. God, it was so hard! Sometimes, I have to tempt it out to be touched, but not today. It was ready, hard and pink, just waiting for my touch. I slowly began to circle it, moving slowly. 

An amazing thing I had noticed about my clit was that the more I circled, the deeper a "moat" became around the base. As I rubbed, I could feel my finger slipping into a track of some sort, full of slippery juices, making my finger play easily accomplished. One of my hands continued to caress my now exposed breasts while the other moved knowingly up and down my slit. I would occasionally allow my fingers to thrust inside of my pink pussy, but mostly I concentrated on my aching clit. I began flicking it with my fingers, just a little pain with all the pleasure. Oh, yes, I could feel it. My toes were tingling and my legs were hot and stiffening as my orgasm rolled up my body, making me moan and cry out from deep in my throat.

Suddenly the passenger door opened and Jack was standing there. He started to speak, but stopped when he saw my state of undress and my busy fingers still moving. Even I could smell the sex in the car. He closed his mouth and got into the car, pulling the door shut against the water. He began to explain that something had gone wrong and the lights had all gone out, yet the car wash continued. He was afraid I had been concerned by the amount of time the wash cycle was taking and he had come to reassure me that it would be fixed soon.

Being a bright guy, I think he realized that I was pretty unconcerned about most things right now. I glanced down and saw the huge bulge in his jeans. Taking my hand from my breast, I pressed it against his T-shirt and felt his heart pounding. With my fingers still deep inside of me, I leaned over and kissed Jack's still amazed mouth. He was wet from the run through the water, which made my exposed nipples even harder. We kissed for a few minutes, learning about each other, until that didn't seem enough. I pulled my fingers from inside my hot pussy and reached for him. Jack took my arm and pulled those shiny fingers to his mouth, licking and sucking them with much enthusiasm. 

I am not sure when it happened, but Jack was suddenly very naked, with his lovely erection throbbing toward me. I turned in the seat and straddled his lap, lowering my hot pussy right down on his cock. He slid in so easily. His hands spanned my back, massaging the skin and running up and down my spine as I rode his hardness with all my need. It felt like a hot steel rod inside me, keeping me straight as I slid it in and out, up and down. His hands moved down to my ass, squeezing and molding the flesh as I continued to move on him. I could hear the lovely sound of my wet cunt on him, holding him tightly inside me as I fucked him. He leaned forward and started sucking my nipples, letting them pop out of his mouth as he changed breasts. 

My head was thrown back and I was moaning, growling. He was kissing between my breasts, in that tender area I enjoy so much. Jack slipped his finger between us and began massaging my clit, rubbing it harder and harder. The water continued to pour around us, beating on the windows and roof as I felt my orgasm starting. With a loud cry, I began coming, pulling his hard cock deeper into my hungry cunt. I felt Jack still for a moment, then felt his cock swell even larger as he began to fill me with his hot come. We stayed joined as we hugged each other and recovered our breath. After dressing, Jack and I kissed and talked while waiting for the repairmen. 

When my car was finally released, Jack and I kissed goodbye and I drove away with a complimentary pass for a lifetime of carwashes.