 Author's note: This is direct continuation to Chapter 1 of the story, and if you feel yourself confused by the plot, I recommend checking the previous part. Speaking of, I want to offer my heartfelt thanks to everyone who commented on Chapter 1. It was my first story in a long time, and I'm happy I managed to create something you guys enjoyed.

*****

Strawberries. Shit, had it been her? Could it be just a coincidence? It was the season for the berry, after all.

I started thinking back of my time with the client. She seemed about the same height as Yulia, with a very similar build. In school she didn't wear very revealing clothing so I couldn't judge her breasts, but they were probably in the right ballpark, based on her overall body shape. 

Why the fuck did I have to kiss her? This could be bad. Obviously manhandling a student's pussy was considered pretty bad already, but at least that was my actual second job and could be argued to be a massage the client requested. Kissing, now there's a potential favoritism argument just waiting to happen. 

Assuming she knew, how? What were the chances she'd come to the salon I worked at, and got me as the masseur? I had purposefully chosen to work in the next city to minimize this risk.

My mind started to race. Had she purposefully done that? Somehow figured out what I do, and cornered me like that, and now she was letting me know that she knew. Was it blackmail? Could that sweet, kind Yulia do that? What for, just to get an A? It seemed like she would get it either way, based on her learning progress.

There was no way I would ever bring this up or ask about it in even the most indirect way I could imagine. If she wanted something out of it, she'd have to take initiative. I better not mention this to anyone at work, either. Michelle, maybe, at some point. She'd find it funny. 

It could also just be nothing. Strawberry wasn't an uncommon scent for young women, and it was a common treat, as well. In fact I may have mentioned to the class at one point that I liked them. That's right, Yulia just remembered that, and wanted to bring a personalized gift to thank for the free tutoring. 

My phone rang. 

"Hi, it's Josh."

"Josh! Thank goodness!" It was Aly. "Uh, I know it's your day off from here, but I got a request specifically for you and specifically for tonight."

"Wow, really?"

"Yeah. In fact, it's your first client from yesterday. Miss 549. She describes a case of, quote, 'acute horniness' and asks to see you as soon as possible." We gave clients number ID's if they made more than one appointment.

"I'm not going to say no to work, especially if it's a potential regular. I have a faculty meeting that ends at two. I could do an appointment at three, if that works for her. But I won't be doing any reserves today, okay?"

"Sure, Josh, no problem. Just this request is fine. I have Michelle and Danielle staffing here today."

"Great. Anything specific I should prepare for?"

"Actually, there's quite a bit. I'll brief you in person. Nothing to worry about before you get here."

"Right. Okay. See you later, then."

Mystery girl 549 had made another reservation. Either she wanted more, or she wanted to tell me what she expected me to do in exchange of keeping it quiet. Either way, it was best to take the appointment. 

The faculty were arguing about replacing an advanced calculus course with a trivially different calculus course that had slightly altered attendance requirements and a new course number. The discussion took almost two hours and at the end, at least three permanent feuds had been declared. Serious business.

More importantly, I would be late. As a junior member of the faculty I didn't want to leave the meetings early, because it was precisely these fuckers that would be voting for my tenure in less than a year. I had to appear dedicated. More urgently, I had to go jerk off a girl.

I raced my car to work, imagining Aly's angry face and her tapping foot. I'd be taking the service entrance this time to avoid her.

When I got to the staff room, I called Aly.

"Sorry, I'm late. Unexpected delay at work."

"I see." Her voice was quite frigid. "The client got here early. I'll tell her you're finally here."

"She's there with you, right now?"

"Yes."

The maybe-Yulia was right there, sitting where Aly could see her. Maybe on her phone, maybe reading one of those erotic softcovers we had lying around. I was tempted to insert an indirect question about her appearance into some innocent statement, but decided against that. Aly would figure it out and I'd be in trouble.

"Great. I'm ready whenever. So what did she request?"

"Honey, you can go inside now. The special equipment is ready and your massage artist will be right there with you," I heard Aly say into the room, before returning to me. "Right. So this is going to be a little different, but I know you're desperate for a regular, and I figured it'd be fine. She's asking you to spoon her while you get her off from behind."

"She's what?!"

"Come on, it's no big deal. Remember, we bought that double-wide massage table from that auction? She'll be on her side, and you're going to be behind her, spooning. And while doing that, you'll get her off in whatever way you think it's best. Using your hand, of course."

"That's it?"

"Not exactly. After she's done, you'll be cuddling with her until the time's up. If she wants another orgasm she will let you know."

"You gotta be kidding me."

"Don't be such a baby. You get paid to lie next to a pretty girl. No hand cramps, no pressure."

"Fine. Anything else?"

"Yes, actually. Please wear only your underwear. She wants skin contact."

"Of course she does. I didn't realize we had became a treatment facility for lovesick girls."

"We've always been that, idiot. You were just too focused on the mechanics, the anatomy, the 'hydraulics', like Michelle calls it. It's always been about making the clients feel loved."

"Sure, whatever. I guess I better start getting ready."

"You do that. And please, keep your junk in the boxers."

--

The sight from the doorway was different this time. The normal table was indeed replaced with a larger variation, kind of like an elevated double bed. Aly had even put pillows there. 

The room was lit a bit more than usual. I saw Miss 549's silhouette lying on her side, facing away from me. Her hair was tied in a bun, making it hard to judge the length, but her figure was very Yulia-like. Her waist curved onto the very same hip and butt I had seen multiple times, and her toned thighs and slim calves were exactly like I'd seen every time Yulia was wearing something too short for my old-fashioned idea of a dress code.

I still didn't know what she wanted, but I figured my best way forward would be to do whatever I could to make her not want to get me fired. Make myself too important for her to get rid of. I cleared my throat as I walked to the table, and climbed onto it. It was weird. She was inches from me, but I found it hard to close the gap and touch her. Less than twenty four hours ago my fingers had been inside her, but now I was afraid to touch her shoulder. 

I didn't have to. Her arm reached behind her, touching my leg. She got startled at me actually being there, pulling it back, but that was enough encouragement for me. I reached at her and touched her arm, a safe, neutral spot. She let out a relieved sound, and I allowed my hand to draw a line along her arm, over her fingers, to her hip. As my hand was drawing downward, I inched myself closer to her. When I got to her mid-thigh, I closed the gap, pushing my bare chest to her back, my clothed crotch to her bare butt. I wasn't hard yet, but I was sure that would change sooner rather than later.

She had not requested any non-sexual massage to get into the mood, and I acted accordingly. I gave her a soft kiss on the shoulder and moved my hand across her mons, to her chest. I cupped her breast and squeezed gently, moving my thumb to her nipple. She brought her hand to mine, showing exactly how she wanted to be caressed. 

My face was practically touching her neck, and the strawberry smell was loud and clear. My other arm was uselessly behind me, so I got slightly up, and slipped it under her neck, bringing her to my embrace. Initially she seemed agitated about having her mammarian massage disturbed, but it didn't take her long to realize the long-term advantages. Now I could devote my lower arm to her breast, while my upper arm could explore her thighs and what lied in between. Her breathing indicated she was aroused enough that I could proceed. My finger probed her lip-gap and confirmed she was soaking wet. I gave her neck a kiss, eliciting an elated gasp, and started moving my finger in her slit. I was careful not to touch the clitoris, and not to push in. I just wanted to feel her wetness, prompted by her body wanting to be penetrated. Sadly, the protrusion penetrating her today would be quite a bit less impressive than what biology had intended.

As my final preparatory act I took my finger off of her vulva, and rubbed some of her juice to the nipple I was tending to. Without verbal communication it was hard to judge how sensitive she was and I was hesitant to pinch too hard, but she certainly seemed to enjoy a good deal of pressure. Her breasts were small and firm, as were her nipples, growing harder the more I touched her. After the nipple was sufficiently lubricated, I took the still-wet finger to my lips, and tasted her secret secretion. I aired a sound of deliciousness, and heard a chuckle from her. Then, she slapped my thigh. 'Stop playing and get to work,' I imagined her say. 

I bit her shoulder a little harder than I intended to while starting with slow, soft strokes, rimming the opening of her pussy. With one hand I'd be limited in the type of stimulation I could provide, and I thought the clitoris would be the obvious target here. I'd love to get her off internally, but this was safer for getting her good bang for her buck. After my finger was soaking wet, I rubbed some of that to the thumb, and started massaging her tiny clitoris as if jerking her off. I was careful not to pinch too hard, doing similar circling motion as to her nipple. She was game immediately, moaning and groaning in sync with my motions. 

That did it for me, too. I was growing, hard and fast, and at some point her hand had moved to my butt, pushing me against her. The thin fabric of my underwear didn't do much in restraining the guy downstairs and she was sure to feel what her voice and the feeling of her pink parts did to me. I was still full of cum from the previous day, and I was actually growing worried I might burst right there, in my pants. I started solving the next week's homework in my head and tried to accelerate her in a desperate attempt to make her come before me.

With my fingers playing with her pointy parts both on her torso and between her legs, I made my mouth do what little it could. I started kissing her neck, trying to suppress my own tones of arousal into her skin. Her other hand was groping her free breast. Her legs were pushing her pussy harder against my hand, and I matched my movements to her, edging the rhythm faster with every push. She was my only client today, I had no reason to conserve my energy. I was hard as steel in my pants, and I pushed my member against her, ever-increasing the stimulation of the clitoris. Because of the rhythm, it was like I was fucking her from behind, my dick rubbing against the fabric. It hadn't been such a good idea after all, I realized when I started getting the tingles. 

Luckily, she came. More like exploded, really. She screamed hard enough to be heard in the waiting room, and probably outside as well. Those Thai restaurant guests next door would report us for animal torture again. Her thighs were crushing my hand, and her nails were pressing into my ass-flesh. Since my hand couldn't escape, I kept rubbing the clitoris, keeping her on the plateau for quite a while. After she let her thighs part, I slipped the finger inside, just because I wanted to feel that amazing pussy pulsate again. That's when she surprised me by turning onto her back.

The room was dark, but her face was now inches from me. I could see a faint outline of her face, I could feel her warm breath on my face. That breath came closer and closer, and then her lips were on mine. We kissed, and we kissed, and we kissed. It went on forever, as if time itself had stopped to admire us. When we finally parted, she started laughing. I couldn't help but follow her example. There was nothing funny, but I knew what it was like to have something bottled up inside, and have it released. I squeezed her in a hug, giving her forehead another kiss.

We stayed like that, me hugging her, her mostly grabbing my butt. My erection had gone nowhere, and she seemed to realize that, because she started moving her hand around my hip, brushing her hand against the stretched fabric trying to contain my manhood. I wasn't going to say no to an innocent touch. But when she slipped her hand under the waistband, I had to.

"No. It's forbidden," I whispered into her ear while gently stopping her hand. Speaking was also forbidden, but I figured this was the lesser of two evils.

She didn't say anything, but she did pull her hand away. She turned away, and I thought I had fucked up again, and made her mad. I did the only thing I could, and wrapped my arms around her, holding her against myself. 

"How?" she finally whispered. Her voice was so beautiful. Feminine and delicate, she could make any man fall in love with her with just her words. Yulia, definitely Yulia.

"You have to make the arrangements. I have no say." It was a risk to use such long statements, but I was growing sympathetic to the idea of somehow incorporating my dick into these encounters. There could be worse destinies.

We said no more, but she grabbed my arms and pulled them tighter around her. Her skin felt good on mine. I wouldn't mind working on her again.

I lost track of time until I heard a knock on the door.

"Everything all right there? It's been two hours already," said Aly's voice.

I gave probably-Yulia a final squeeze, one more kiss on the lips, and got up.

--

"Josh, what happened there?" Aly demanded to know after I had dressed myself and violently used several ice cubes to kill my boner.

"Uh, just what was prescribed. I got her off, then we cuddled."

"For two hours?"

"I didn't have a watch, and it was quite comfortable."

"You guys didn't...?"

"Have sex? No, of course not. I know it's forbidden."

"Good. I was a little worried. A gorgeous girl like that, and you there with just your boxers hiding that great...I mean, your penis. Risky, that's all I'm saying."

"You greenlit it, so it would have been on you had something happened."

"Way to twist the blame. Anyway, thanks for being available on such short notice. She told me it was worth every penny."

That's right, she was paying. Somehow, it made everything seem...wrong. I was still providing a service, but those last two hours I had a lot of fun as well. I felt something I hadn't felt in a long time. And she was just a poor student, after all. Maybe her parents were rich, at least.

--

"Oh, hi," I said when Yulia came into my office the following day. I felt my heart beat a little harder.

"Hi, professor." She didn't look me in the eyes.

"What happened to your shoulder?" There was a bandage. Exactly where I had bitten the client yesterday.

"Oh, it's nothing. Something happened at a hobby."

"I see. Hobbies are nice."

"Yes, they are," she looked up at me. I still couldn't read her expression.

"Thanks for the strawberries, by the way. They were delicious. Fresh, moist and sweet." I grinned like an idiot at my stupid innuendo.

"I'm glad you liked them, professor. But I'm actually here to ask a favor."

"Sure. If it's something in my power, I'll of course help."

"You're so kind. You must be very popular."

"Uh. You know, I don't actually give out favors freely to everyone. But you have shown enthusiasm to the art of mathematics, and if there's anything I can do to help you on that path, I'll be happy to."

"You don't eat other students' strawberries?" Now she was looking directly into my eyes, her mouth a thin line. Her blue eyes demanded honesty.

What? Was she jealous?

"No, nobody else has brought them. I usually buy my strawberries from older ladies, actually. You know, the types who sell them on the farmer's market."

"I see. Anyway, the favor. Do you know any part-time jobs that would pay more than seven dollars an hour? I find myself in a sudden need for extra cash, but with summer approaching, everyone else is looking for jobs as well."

"I'm sorry to hear of your troubles, Yulia. I really am."

"I know it's pathetic, but I'm desperate. My family is trying to save money for my little sister's tuition."

Now I felt really bad for her. My rate was pretty steep, in line with female escorts. As much as I bitched and moaned about being poor, I was still earning an actual salary, saving for retirement, having foreign vacations, all that jazz. She was probably literally broke.

"You know what, I'll see if I know anyone who's hiring. In the mean time, I insist you accept a no-interest loan from me. I have recently gotten paid pretty well from a side job of mine. In particular, there is this one recent project that pays well, yet it's so enjoyable I'd do it for free. So here's three hundred dollars. You can pay me back when you get a job. That gives me an incentive to help you find one, no?" I took out my walled and gave her the money she had paid for my services during the past two days.

"What? I can't accept this." Her face was stern.

"It's not welfare. I expect you to pay back. But there's no particular rush."

She sat motionless for a few more seconds, and nodded. "I will pay you back, professor. I promise. Thank you, thank you so much."

"It's expensive, this hobby of yours?"

"I didn't say that's where I needed the money, but yes. It's pretty expensive. But soooo worth it."

Her gaze was giving me a boner.

"Uh, that's good to hear. Worth the money, that's good."

"Unfortunately, there's a complication as of late."

"I'm sorry to hear that."

"Yeah. See, there are some silly rules that kind of prevent the full experience. Even though I'd pay double, they just won't bulge...I mean budge."

I was definitely budging...I mean bulging. Luckily I was sitting behind my desk.

"Yulia, don't take this the wrong way, but it sounds like you may have an unhealthy obsession. The way you talk about it, I'm not sure it's good for you."

"What? Good for me?" she almost shouted at me.

"Please, calm down. I just meant to say that, especially if it's expensive and there are rules you don't like, maybe it would be better to explore some other ways of getting the same experience. Maybe with friends or classmates?"

I'm not sure what made me say that. Was I feeling I was doing something inappropriate? Was I feeling the age difference? Was I afraid of her growing attached?

She stood up. "Friends? Classmates? Same experience?! No offense, professor, but you should restrict your advice to math and whatever else you're good at. This is clearly not one of those topics."

"Yulia..."

"Enjoy your strawberries!" She threw a small box she had been holding behind her back at me and stormed out.

The box was full of sweet red berries again. Every fucking one had a tiny heart hard-carved into them. Fuck.