 Author's note: This part is a little shorter, but I'll try to keep it simple for now. The next one will have more action!

*****

I told Aly I wasn't feeling well and would skip the work that day. She wasn't too happy, but I didn't care about her feelings. I had other problems. My rent was due, and I loaned half of it from my vacation fund, since I had been an idiot and given the other half to Yulia.

Yulia didn't come to class the next day, and she skipped the office hour she had attended without fail every week since the beginning of the class. 

The only good thing about pissing everyone off was that I was in such a sour mood myself that I wasn't thinking about sex. When Aly called me at seven in the evening I almost didn't answer.

"Took your time picking it up," she said.

"Yeah."

"Something happen? You're not yourself."

"Just some bullshit at the university."

"Oh, okay. Well, I have a job for you if you're up for it."

"What job?"

"The only job I ever ask you to do, dummy. It's that 549 again."

"Just tell her no."

"What's going on? I thought the last meeting was a success for both parties."

"I thought so too."

"Josh. Give yourself a bitch slap from me. Then take your head out of your ass and listen. I have a job for you. Job means money. And this is a special job."

"I'm not sure I like the way you say 'special'."

"Fuck you. You're going to love this. But you need to come here at eight. Can you do it."

"Sure, why the fuck not."

"One more thing."

"What?"

"Bring condoms."

--

Miss 549 was in the room and I was getting the briefing from Aly.

"I have no idea how she comes up with all this weird stuff, but here it goes. She wants you to get her off with the your dick. Rubbing her clit. Nothing more, understand? You know the law. No penetration or we lose the license. She can't actively stimulate you, or we lose the license. I know it's stupid, but I didn't make the law. I'm just trying to make us stay open so both of us can keep our jobs."

"Chill, Aly. I know the law and I have no desire to lose this job. I'm currently really desperate for money, actually."

"Oh, I thought you were doing okay. Listen, if you need money, there's something."

"What is it?"

"I'll tell you later. You might not want it anyway. You should probably go now, she's either getting cold or starting to have fun without you."

"I'm going, I'm going."

--

Yulia was on the double-bed-table again. I had thought she was mad at me, but there she was, naked as the day she was born, waiting for my sexual services. Maybe she was both mad and horny, wouldn't be the first time in the history of mankind. I'd have to see how much cuddly stuff she wanted, and go from there.

When I climbed on the table, she made some kind of a martial arts maneuver, wrapping her arms and legs around me, pulling my full weight on top of her. There I was, kissing her, unable to move anything but my tongue. So I did that. She was obviously inexperienced at playing with tongues, but soon got the hold of it. Our tips teased each other, dancing like two flames trying to merge into one. After a while, she pulled herself to my ear.

"Hi," she whispered with what were clearly dirty intentions on her mind. Had she been mad before, I think I was forgiven at least for the duration of this session.

She lied down, her legs still around my waist, and pulled my hands on her breasts. I was happy like a puppy to touch them again. I wondered what it would take to convince Aly to let us have lights on. Maybe Yulia could specifically ask for it. I'd really like to actually see her naked, thought it wouldn't be obvious if I'd manage to keep my cool then. They'd laugh at me so hard if I came in my pants.

I gave Yulia another kiss, and went to her ear. 

"Do you know the rules?"

"Yes. No hands, no mouth, no going inside."

"Good. What do you want?"

"Do what you did with your fingers last time. But this time with...it."

It really was much easier when you could actually ask what the client wants. So I got up from the table, positioned myself in a way that Yulia had the best back-light possible to see my silhouette, and pulled down my pants, revealing the full mast configuration of my male organ. I gave it a few slow rubs for effect, and took out a condom from a nearby drawer where I had put them earlier. I took a few steps closer to Yulia to give her a better demonstration on how to roll a condom on a dick. Who knows, maybe she would need to do it herself some time soon?

I went back on my knees between her legs and leaned down to suck on her nipples. While I was doing that she started playing with herself, showing admirable initiative. After a few minutes she ignored the part about no hands, and grabbed my shaft. I almost protested, but when she started rubbing my tip against her clit and announcing how much she enjoyed it, I figured it was technically still fine. Even through the condom I could feel how wet she was, and her voice oozed of desire. But man, she was bad at stimulating herself. She pressed my tip against her clitoris too hard and it was clear it wasn't doing anything to her. I took the lead, grabbing my own dick, and started circling her clitoris with the tip with just enough pressure to send tingles down her spine. It didn't take long for her to yield to my superiority in the matter, focusing on lying on her back, twisting her nipples, and actively trying to make me cum with her sexy voice.

Despite how great the idea is on paper, a dick is clearly less nimble than fingers, and from the technical point of view, it's nowhere near as good for the girl. The one thing dick can do well is to penetrate, but that wasn't on the to-do list today. Testing my self-control, I played with the tip around her hole, and when she grabbed my ass with both of her hands and pulled me toward her, I almost lost it and went all-in.

But I managed. I pushed back against her, managing to keep my dick out of her cavities, gently bopping the tip from the clitoris to the opening and back. Her groans were agitated. I knew I could get her off. She was really horny and would get off with an old sock, provided that sock was in skilled hands. But I wanted more than merely get her off. I wanted to blow her mind. So I turned to her, again, continuing our forbidden communication.

"Come on top of me," I whispered.

"Oh. I like it," she replied after a short pause, nibbling at my lower lip.

I laid on my back, and she straddled me, her pussy pushing my dick flat against my stomach. I really wanted to grope on those tits, but this was also the first opportunity I had to touch that amazing ass of hers. So I took a good hold of that, her tight gluteus muscles against my fingers. She started grinding against my shaft, my hands helping her find a good rhythm. 

And a good rhythm she found. She was now in control of her pleasure, and she must have felt the overwhelming surge of freedom and power it provided. She alternated between shallow and deep grinds, wiggled her pussy from left to right, squeezing that tiny, pointy center of her pleasure against my overswollen pole. She went fast, and she went slow. I was merely an object and an observer, and I loved every second of it. 

Theoretically I was still guiding her movements with my hands on her ass, but really, it was all her. I just wanted to feel that butt as long as possible. When she came, she stopped for a moment, collapsing on me, her mouth connecting with mine. She started grinding again even before the kiss broke. Soon she was at full gallop again, on her way through the second lap.

All this time I was basically ready to come at any time. I did my best to hold it in, not wanting to ruin the fun for her by going the way of a softie. Luckily, the condom was both extra thick and extra tight, especially since my dick had decided today was the day to supersize. Still, had she moved just a tiny bit to touch my frenulum, I would have been done in an instant. Luckily, she found the lower shaft more entertaining, and I maintained my dignity through it all. 

After her third orgasm, we were lying on our sides, kissing while I gently petted her vulva, caressing it more to calm her down than to make her aroused. 

"Thank you," she whispered. "It was amazing."

"It was amazing because it was all you. I was merely the rock upon which you built your big o. Plural o's."

"Silly. You're so good at your job."

"Thanks. But really, I didn't do much today."

"You didn't even come. Why?"

"Uh, that's a complex question."

"Did you...you know...before you got here?"

"Nope. In fact, I've not had the opportunity to do that in a while."

"Is it painful?"

"A bit, yeah."

"Can I help? As a return favor."

"That's also a complex question. We should probably talk about it somewhere else."

"Okay. Of course I don't know who you are or how to find you. But maybe there's a way for us to talk."

"Maybe. We'll see."