 Sarah heard a car pull up and saw the flash of lights in the driveway. She thought maybe it was her friend, Linda, who was supposed to be coming over for Sarah to massage her ankle that was recovering from a bad sprain. Sarah had learned massage as a child and had even earned her living that way at one point. Although it wasn't her primary job anymore, she still enjoyed helping her loved ones and generally felt that nurturing touch from a loving heart could cure almost anything. When she heard the key in the front door, she realized it was actually her husband, Daniel, returning home from a road trip. 

He came in whispering and squeezed her foot as she lay in the dark between their two daughters in the king size bed in their bedroom. She whispered back that the kids had just fallen asleep and she was waiting for Linda. 

"I'm just gonna grab a shower and wash off the weekend. I'm knackered from that drive." Said Daniel softly as he stripped his clothes off and tossed them in the laundry basket in the corner. Sarah never got tired of looking at his naked buns. She watched him walk out of the room, the light from the hall casting shadows on his strong, handsome form. Sarah grabbed her phone and opened a piece of erotic fantasy that she'd just written about a hypothetical fling with a mysterious man in London. She made a few edits as she read through and then she felt her phone vibrate. It was a text from Linda saying she was gonna leave in 15-20 minutes. Sarah figured she'd be there in about half an hour. 

When Daniel came back into the room fresh and clean, he reached down and squeezed Sarah's foot once again, this time more tenderly. Sarah looked at him and felt a rush of heat in her pussy. She had been horny for several days, but Daniel had to go see his sick grandmother, so Sarah had to shelve her hunger and wait for him to return. It was only a day and a night away, but the ache in her cunt knew no clock. She decided in that instant that she needed some cock in both her mouth and pussy and that there was more than enough time for her to cum before Linda showed up. 

She tossed her phone aside and pulled up her skirt, exposing her sex. "Kiss it." She demanded, but in a loving tone. The room was mostly dark, but she knew Daniel could see the outlines and curves of her pussy in the light casting in from the hallway. 

"Mmmmmm. Come out here," Daniel responded, tugging on her foot. 

Sarah wriggled out from between the kids and followed Daniel down the hall, contemplating the options of where they could fuck. Bathroom? No, too cold at the moment. Kids room? Why not? They walked in and she quickly surveyed things. The kids had actually followed her directions and cleaned up, so it was workable. The bottom bunk was comfy enough and it looked like Daniel could kneel at the edge of it and put his big beautiful dick in her if she laid on her back. 

After her 5 second assessment, she pulled him in close and put her mouth on his. Their lips touched for an initial kiss and then she pulled back and licked her tongue slow and firm against his, just like how she wanted him to lick her pussy, then she went back in for more full contact kisses. 

Her sexuality had not always been this bold and raw. Something had shifted since having kids that had made her more comfortable in herself. She was also learning to listen to her body and to chase those flashes of heat - those animal impulses of arousal - when they happened. She realize that when she allowed herself to follow these feelings (rather than let her rational mind tell her otherwise) it always resulted in very hot sex. Instead of overthinking it, she just let the energy carry her and her pussy would respond quickly. Her unfiltered desire would make Daniel's own heat rise and their two currents would find each other and flow together. The combined energy was intense and would propel them quickly toward orgasm. 

"I'll kiss that pussy," said Daniel, breaking their lip lock. Sarah smiled, knowing that pleasure was seconds away. She dropped her skirt in a flash (she wasn't a fan of panties, so there were none to deal with), ducked into the bottom bunk, laid herself across the width of it, placed her feet on the floor, and spread her legs. She couldn't pull her pussy lips apart fast enough. Daniel was right there, tongue stiff and eager. He pushed it firmly over her clit and she immediately began to moan. The heat and electricity spread quickly from her clit deep into her eager cunt. Three or four good licks on her clit and then he pulled back and spit right on it. Sarah moaned at this and begged him to lick her some more. He dove back in for five, six, seven more licks and she could feel an orgasm growing, as her pussy got wetter by the second. 

Sarah pulled her feet up, cocked her legs back and spread her lips open wider. Reading her signal, Daniel spit again, this time right at the opening of her cunt, eliciting another moan of pleasure. He teased her hole with his tongue, dragging it back and forth from there to her clit. Sarah wanted him to shove his tongue deep in her, but he made her wait. He licked circles at her opening, lapping up her salty-sweet juices.

"Oooh. It's creamy." He said hungrily, just before he plunged his tongue deep into her wet, waiting hole. 

"Fuuuuuck, yes!" Gasped Sarah, trying not to be too loud. Getting tongue fucked was HIGH on the list of things she loved. "Lick my clit again, right n-" Daniels tongue was already there flicking across her swollen pink pearl, then back to her hole to tongue fuck her some more. He went back and forth between her clit and her hole teasing and pleasuring her. He spit once more and then licked down to her asshole, tonguing it lightly. Sarah's eyes rolled back in her head as Daniel slid one finger into her pussy while still licking her asshole. "Ahhhhhh, fuck yeah." She said as she began stroking her clit with her right hand and pinching her left nipple with her left hand. 

Daniel suddenly stood up to take his shirt off and Sarah couldn't see his top half, just his stomach and his stiff cock waving at her. This turned her on, so she sat up, grabbed his dick and put as much as she could fit of him straight into her mouth. 

"Oh faaaaak." Daniel moaned, surprised that he was suddenly inside the hot wetness of her mouth. He grabbed her by the hair. A couple sucks and she pulled his cock out to lick the length of it. Then, she struck it against her lips, loving the sound it made as it contacted them. She smacked him against her lips again and then her check, letting the length of his cock press against the side of her face. She looked up at him, locked her eyes on his, and French kissed the head of his dick three times, then she closed her eyes and took him in once more, this time all the way to her throat. She bobbed up and down, sucking him passionately four, five, six times. Then came off him and fell back onto the bed again so he could carry on eating her desperately horny pussy. 

She absolutely and shamelessly reveled in the pleasure she was feeling. There was no hiding or holding back. What the fuck for? She was 41 and married. She had finally realized it was time to take her libido by the horns. She had always been highly sexual, but for some reason early in their relationship she still held back a little. She didn't even realize till after their kids came along that she wasn't really letting herself go completely. She finally saw that she was robbing herself of orgasms by doing this. About a year before this, she decided it was time to just let it rip. Why not have as many good years of hot sex as possible? Over the following months she let herself be as "dirty" as she wanted, thus giving Daniel the same license, and their deep animalistic lust was finally starting to come out. Needless to say, Sarah was happy for the turn their sex life was taking. 

Daniel worked her clit with his tongue once again and then slid a finger inside her, making her moan deeply. Her slick, warm juices bathed his finger and her beautiful scent rose as he began working her pussy. It seemed he had grown to really love finger fucking her. He was getting better at hitting the sweet little gspot just inside her cunt, which he learned would reliably make her gush if he stroked it with the right speed and pressure. Sarah LOVED to gush. 

He leaned over and kissed her, the two of them working her pussy together to the edge of a big orgasm. Her middle finger mercilessly rubbed her clit and his quickly stroked her gspot. Her breath accelerated and her eyes grew wild. He tried two fingers, but she didn't want that. She just wanted his hard cock thrusting into her. She reached down and grabbed it, rubbing the head of his cock on the opening of her cunt which was now sopping wet and SO desperate to feel him inside. Sarah, however, loved to tease herself with his cock. She let out a guttural moan as she stroked his head several times over her clit and up and down the length of the outside of her pussy. She savored the sweet ache of anticipation. 

Daniel knew she wanted to be caught off guard so when she seemed fully engaged in teasing her pussy with his dick, he quickly wrestled it from her hand and thrust just the head of it into her. 

"Ohhh FUCK!" Sarah screamed with pleasure at this assertive and perfectly timed entry. The fire in her cunt blazed instantly hotter and she was ECSTATIC to feel cock in her pussy. It was like one swallow of relief followed by raging hunger. Part of her wanted to pull him all the way in, but she knew if she was patient she would feel more and cum harder. So she guided him in slowly with her moans and words, letting him know exactly what she needed. 

"Fuck yes, yes yes yes" was mostly what came out of her mouth, however, because Daniel was expertly opening her just how she needed. Penetrating her with his delicious stiffness, not too fast and not too slow. One pleasuring inch at a time, he worked her hungry pussy open, woke up all of her nerve endings with his beautiful dick till he was all the way inside her. Then, he stroked her with the full length of his cock, just like he knew she needed. Sarah was lost in the increasing pleasure as her breathing became quicker and her moans deeper. She was close to coming hard and Daniel was right there with her. He didn't want to cum before she did, so he paused and took a couple deep breaths. 

"Oh god, baby, don't stop, keep fucking me! Make me cum right now, but don't cum." She pleaded, greedily, feeling a huge orgasm just a few breaths away and knowing she needed more than one. 

"Just a second. I don't want to cum yet." He responded, trying his best to hold it together.

"No, no, no. NOW!" Sarah pleaded as she felt the shimmers of the jewel of her first orgasm; it was begging for the last few strokes it needed to shine open. Daniel got his cum under control just then and resumed his deep thrusts. In a matter of seconds, Sarah's pussy was spasming and she bucked up onto his steel rod and came all over it, her warm juices gushing out and then pushing his cock out with them. 

"Oh fuuuuuuuck!" She screamed, her body shuddering and her hands reaching up to grab the slats on the top bunk. "Again!" She pleaded as he quickly grabbed his ejected member and shoved it back into her, deep and hard. She screamed again, held the slats of the top bunk, pulled herself up half way and started writhing wildly on Daniel's massive hard-on. It filled her so well, made her so fucking horny. She deftly worked her pussy up and down his dick and brought herself to another orgasm. This one she directed internally so that she didn't further wet her daughter's bed with lady cum. Her back arched as the orgasm tore through her and she bit her arm so she didn't scream too loud. 

Sarah released her arms and lay back panting, the length of Daniel still inside her. She wasn't done by any means, but there were only minutes left before her friend showed up. Knowing he couldn't let direct her final climax, Daniel wrapped his arms around her thighs and began to ramrod her, forcing her to lay back and take his hot steel in deep, making her cunt cum uncontrollably a third time. Her body quaked as waves of pleasure pulsed through her. She closed her eyes and imagined herself floating in the Milky Way, swallowing stars that made their way through her belly down to her pussy and then exploded like tiny little bombs of pleasure. 

"That pussy is too fucking hot!" Daniel shouted, as he pulled out and stood up, trying to compose himself. His face disappeared from view once again and his rock hard prick bobbed in the frame, calling to Sarah. She sat up again and shoved it in her mouth, hungrily sucking her juices off it and getting ready to make her man cum between her lips. 

"Oh, you want to get fucked in the mouth, do you?" Daniel said bravely. She moaned in approval, her mouth full of cock. "Slow, slow, let me do it." He directed. So Sarah held her mouth still, letting him wrap his hands in her hair and slowly stroke his erection between her hungry lips. "Don't let go." He insisted, so she kept her hand locked on his shaft as he gently fucked her mouth with the first third of his dick. She instinctively started to stroke the other two thirds of him gently and he groaned deep, "Oh god, yes, stroke my cock, baby, stroke it good!"

His urging made her want to stroke faster, so she just held his head against her tongue as she stroked his cock. He instantly grew ultra stiff and in a mere eight or nine strokes, Daniel's body arched as he threw his head back and his hot cum shot out all over Sarah's mouth, bathing tongue and then her lips. She swallowed the part of his load that made it into her mouth and then licked the head of his cock slowly as his body convulsed with pleasure and the last of his cum trickled out. It looked as though he had just cum harder than he had in ages. A smile of satisfaction spread across her face. 

Sarah stood up and looked at Daniel as he opened his eyes, recovering from his massive orgasm. All he could do was look at her, smile back, and let out a roar. Sarah grabbed her iPhone to check the time on the way to the bathroom. She had just enough minutes left to wash her face before Linda got there.