 I was walking over to the exchange when I started feeling the thuds hit the ground. The ground shook like and earthquake and people started running for cover. Mortars and rocket fire were a regular happening here, and seldom did the sirens go off before the attacks began. I'd been in Iraq for more than six months, and I was pretty well used to the sirens, but not dumb enough not to run like hell when the attacks came. There were bunkers EVERYWHERE, because this particular base was known as Mortar-itaville. 

I started running for the nearest stretch of bunkers, and found them rather full. Being stuck in a bunker for over an hour with hot, sweaty and strange people, in the dark, was NOT my idea of a way to meet new people and wait for the All-Clear to be called.

I ducked into a side row of bunkers, off the side of the road, and plopped down on the bench, just in time to see the guy across from me yank his hand out of his shorts in a hurry. It was dark in the bunker, so I could only make out the outlines of his body. The bulge in his shorts was still quite obvious, though, and I felt myself moisten at the sight.

It hit me that he'd been stroking his cock before I came in and interrupted him. The idea turned me on, and I could feel my pussy get slicker. I got an idea suddenly, and got off the bench and on my knees in front of him.

I slid my hands up his thighs, and he jumped a bit in surprise, but I didn't let go. "Can I make it up to you, interrupting you?" I asked him. He let his breath out, and I saw him nod.

Sliding my hands up his thighs, making slow circles, I heard him suck his breath in sharply. Slipping my hands under the liner of his shorts, I discovered he didn't have underwear on. His cock throbbed at me as I fondled his balls. He groaned a little as I caressed his balls, and I realized that he must have been close to orgasm when I came into the bunker. Barely grazing his cock with my hand, he was already thrusting for more. "Please don't tease me" he panted at me. This wasn't going to take long, I thought. We'd be done before the All-Clear was sounded.

To make it easier to get to his cock, I tugged his shorts down his legs. It sprang from his shorts when it was freed, and I wrapped my fingers around the shaft and began to slowly stroke him. A stream of pre-cum trickled from the tip of his cock, and I used the tip of my tongue to lick up the pre-cum.

His head fell back, and he was panting heavily. Taking the head of his cock into my mouth, I swirled my tongue around the head while I stroked him with my hand. After a few strokes, I let go with my hand and deep throated the whole shaft.

"Ride me, please! I need pussy!" he suddenly exclaimed. He yanked me to my feet, and pulled my shorts down. I kicked out of them, and climbed onto his lap to straddle him. I didn't get my panties off before he had his fingers up them, stroking my wet folds. 

Months of no sex had me craving cock in a bad way. I was eager to fuck him and relieve my own sexual frustrations. Without taking off my panties, he shoved his cock into the opening of my pussy. He entered me rough and fast, eager to get completion. His cock felt good in me, and I got wetter in response.

My hips started thrusting against him, thrilled to have a cock in my pussy. He grabbed my hips, holding them down to the base of his cock. I rode as much as I could while he held my hips, until he tightened his grip to the point I couldn't move anymore.

He started pounding me, and I felt his cock get harder with every stroke. He started thrusting faster, pounding me for all he was worth it seemed, and my pussy got wetter, till my juices were sliding down his shaft. I moaned, loving to be pounded. I slipped my fingers to my clit, and he groaned as my pussy started to squeeze him.

I felt him cum, and my pussy clamped down as hard as it could, bringing me to orgasm shortly after him. I held onto his shoulders to keep me upright, and waited for my heart to stop hammering so hard. I heard the All-Clear called over the loud speakers, and started climbing off his lap. I noticed a koi fish tattoo on his right arm as I pulled on my shorts. When I left the bunker a minute later, he was still sitting there.

The next night, I went about my usual routine. Up at 4PM, dinner with my roommate and her boyfriend, check the mail, and head to the meeting spot to wait for the bus. One of my co-workers, Kenny, was noticeably absent. Having not had more than 3 hours sleep every day of the 6 months that we'd been here, we were all worried about him. He was always dragging-ass tired, but refused to let the medical folks give him meds to make him sleep.

We all piled onto the bus, and headed to the shop. About 2 hours into our shift, Kenny strolled in, looking relaxed and well rested. As he was changing into his work coveralls, he got a good joking by the guys we worked with. We'd all overslept at least once during that deployment; it was certainly Kenny's turn.

When asked about what made him sleep, a glint of mischief came to his eyes. "Got stranded in a bunker with a willing woman. Slept like the dead." Was his reply. Before he put his arms in his sleeves, I caught a glimpse of the koi I'd seen the night before, and felt myself blushing with realization.

Kenny walked over to me, bent to my ear and said, "Thanks, by the way. You'll have to let me thank you properly sometime." With that, he walked away to start work. My pussy moistens in anticipation.