 I leave work early and drive like a maniac to your house. I know you are ready and so I honk the horn.... two long loud honks...you shoot out the door before the second one dies out and jump into the car. You lean to me and give me a big wet juicy tongue kiss....UUMMM....damn, this is gonna be fun, I think.

I peal out of the drive and we fly through the streets. The radio blares over the sound of the tuned headers I just installed...The roar of the engine fills the streets and causes all the kids to stop what they are doing and see what's making it.

We laugh at their expressions as we blow past them. We are on fire and no one can stop us.

I look at you sitting there in your thigh high red boots, your plaid skirt and white missionary blouse. Your legs are spread as you let the air conditioning blow over your hot puss. I reach over and slide your skirt up, just high enough so I can see the V of your pink thong crotch. My cock leaps. I leave my hand on your left thigh.

I feel the supple warmth of your flesh and I think for a second about pulling over and fucking you, but I don't. My new self control is a bitch sometimes, but it always ends up being rewarded.

We are like a rocket flying....a blur to those that turn at the sound of the jacked up engine throbbing like a rail job staging on the quarter mile at Pomona. I can feel the power as it shakes us. I know you feel it too. Your cunt has to be quivering. I move my hand to find out. My fingers press against your lips and you moan and shift in the seat so I can rub the flat of my fingers against the face of your pussy. You lean your head back as I feel your lips through the soft silkyness of your thong.

My eyes dart back and forth between the road and your beautiful legs and thong. I feel intoxicated and high. I feel like I could explode.

I drive on. You pull your thong over and offer your hot pussy to my probing fingers. I rub between your lips and feel your already swollen and fat labis...uummm so wet. I slide a finger between them, inside you and curl it up teasing you. I know well where your G spot is and I toy with you as you move to accomodate my fingering. You look at me with that dare in your eyes...daring me to make you cover my fingers with your sweet cum.,...daring me to jam more fingers into you and fuck you hard...daring me to pull over and drag you out to the trunk of the car, bend you over and fuck you like the goddamned animal I am.

Traffic ahead threatens to slow us. I move my hand back and down-shift into a light and turn then powershift back up and soon am turning onto the interstate. I drop the hammer and the car lurches ahead like it was shot out of a catapult. You laugh and stick your head out the window, screaming like a banshee. I want to fuck you more than ever now.

We pass cars and trucks like they are parked and when we hit a straight stretch I pull you to me. You eagerly slide over and place your hand on my leg.

"Suck my cock, baby".

You unzip my jeans and then have to unsnap them to free my hard cock. It leaps out at you and you quickly grab it and lean down, sucking it into your hot mouth. I love to see the back of your head as you give me head. Something about that image makes my balls tighten. Your throat is soft yet firm against the head of my cock. Your lips squeeze and tease my cock.

"You could make a million bucks with that mouth."

You suck harder as if to prove my point and I stiffen and shift slightly. My seat is as far back as I can get it and your head hits the steering wheel as you bob on my cock, but you work that mouth on me and I fight to keep from pumping it full of cum.

I reach over and push your legs apart. In your position, I can reach between your legs and rub your cunt easily. You raise your top leg and brace it against the dash. I pull your thong over and dive in. My fingers stab into your sopping pussy and I finger it with a furious motion that causes you to bump against me from the force. I cup my hand and rub your hot snatch, my fingers flat against your pussy and up under your ass. I slide my fingers up and then push them back inside you.

I see a truck ahead and I move to the passing lane. I slow as I approach him and when I am alongside, I slow to maintain his speed. I lean down and see that he is looking into the car. I push your legs further apart so show your pink wet pussy. He stares and honks his airhorn. You raise up, startled and then realize what was going on.

"Show him that pussy. Make him drive off the road."

You laugh manicially and turn to him. You coyly pull your skirt down and tuck it between your legs in false modesty and you look up at him and blow him a kiss. Then you pull your skirt up slowly and when your thong is exposed, you pull it off and flash your pink bald pussy at him. I have to watch him carefully to be sure he doesn't swerve and hit us as he is obssessed with you.

You rub your pussy and pull the lips apart, then shove one finger inside, then suck it off, then push two fingers in and then suck them off. You laugh as he yells at us to pull over. Fat chance, I think.

You tease him for a couple of minutes more, then I reach for you and pull you back to my cock. You raise your ass to him and start sucking my cock again. You pull it out and lick the head so he can see that and then you suck it back into your throat. His horn blares as he goes berserk at the show. I image he is jacking his trucker cock as he tries to steer.

He keeps yelling for us to pull over. I get bored with this and drop my foot to the floor. We zoom away and soon he disappears from my rear view mirror. You continue sucking my cock until I shoot my cum down your throat. Like a good cocksucker, you keep sucking until my cock gets limper. You wash it off and then sit back up, licking your lips at me.

"How about me hun?", you ask.

"Patience, my horny little slut."

You like for me to call you a slut and cocksucker at times like this. It makes your little coochie wet and sloppy to be fucked. I do what I can to help you out.

We speed on until the sun starts setting behind us. The country is empty and flat. Few cars and trucks meet us. As dusk falls, the stars fill the clear sky. I can see without headlights. You scoot over next to me and I hold you tight to me. The windows are down and our hair blows in the wind.

"I love you sweetheart."

"Oh hun, I love you so much too."

We drive for a few minutes more and I after we top a small hill, I see the road in the moonlight stretching out for miles below us. I turn off and park in a desolate area. I turn to you and we kiss. Our mouths cover each others and we kiss and suck and lick with a soft passion. I love looking at you as we kiss. The realization of you in my arms is magnified by that visual confirmation.

We kiss and explore each other and as usually happens, soon I am feeling your breasts as you undo my shirt. Our tops drop away and we play as we kiss more. My hands move from your full breasts to your legs and I slowly make that delicious journey up your thighs until I come to that heavenly soft and warm place where all men wish to abide forever. 

Your hand releases my cock from it's confines and we rub and touch and provoke each other until we are almost insane with desire.

I push you away and I open my door and go to your side of the car. I open your door and turn you to me. My cock sways erect as I position you at the edge of the seat. Your legs are up over my shoulders and you lay back on the seat. What a beautiful view I see before me. An angel lying so peaceful and tranquil, your legs spead and raised onto me...your little naked pussy so pink with lips slightly gaping and welcoming me.

You are so beautiful and I love you so much.

And I want to fuck you.

I lean down and my cock finds it place. I shift my weight and my cockhead pushes between your lips. I pause then, savoring that hot sensation. I look at you and you smile back.

"Fuck me baby."

"Oh yeah."

I drive my cock into you with all the force i can muster and I shove you back on the seat. I grab you, pull you back and ram my cock into you again....and again.....and again....and again..and again...again.again.again.again.again...Over and over my cock assaults your little pussy and you moan and scream into the empty night as I give you my hot meat.

An animal howls in the distance and I am so caught up in that primal moment that I howl back and we yip and howl at each other as I fuck you deeper and harder. You throw your pussy up at me and buck against my body. We fuck each other with a fury that our howling visitor would envy.

What a hot pussy you have. So tight and smooth. So warm and inviting. So responsive as it squeezes and drives my cock on. Your legs close and open around me and your arms grab me and pull me and push me back. Your mouth is open gasping for air until I cover it with mine as I suck out your wet taste and breaths fresh from your lungs.

We thrash together and you fly up in orgasmic bliss then crash down until the incessant hammering and plunging of my cock lifts you up again to another climax. You are sweaty and red and soon I realize I am also spent. I push into you, then slide my hands under your ass.

"Grab my neck."

Your arms lock around my neck and I lift you up, impaled on my cock. My hands under your ass hold your weight. Your arms around my neck steady you as I raise you up and lower you down onto my cock. I bounce you up and down in the night air and I look up at the stars as I feel my cum move up through my cock and shoot into you. I hold you in that lovers grip for a few minutes. We kiss softly in love.

Soon, we pull our clothes back on and get back in the car. I turn the radio off and we silently drive through the empty night with our hearts full of each other. The stars are bright and wonderous, but not nearly as beautiful as you.