 I am wearing a black wrap dress and have on black highheels, matching panties and bra...all black. I have on a long strand of Mikimoto pearls and matching stud earrings...I wore my auburn hair down and my lips are Chanel Red.

You have on slacks and a long sleeved dress shirt, shiny dress shoes and a long coat...it is Autumn, my favorite season and the air is crisp and cool, a breeze blowing strong enough to keep blowing my hair in my face and you keep brushing my hair away and kissing me as we walk the gardens of the park.

We get to the suspension bridge and walk to the middle, no one else is around, and it is silent except for the sound of the waterfall below us. I place my forearms on the railing and watch the water cascading over the rocks. You come up behind me, placing one arm around mine, holding one of my hands in yours, the other you start to caress my hair with...your face buried in my hair as you kiss your way around to my sensitive neck. I can feel your hardness against my backside and smile and let out a pleasurable sigh. You remove your hands from where they where and bring them to my breasts, cupping their fullness in your hands, squeezing them. I rub my backside against your hardness and hear your breathe quicken. Your hands slide down my ribcage to the bow tie at the front of my dress...you pull the string and the dress fall open, baring me to the elements, I shiver.

You run one of your hands back up to my breasts, pulling the cups of the bra down so that they too are exposed....my alabaster breasts...the nipples pinkish and puckered...you tease them flicking them one at a time..as your other hand travels down and slips into the waistband of my panties. I lean into you, panting, you kindled a flame...bringing my mouth up to yours, eager to feel your warm mouth on my cold one...you claim mine, pushing your tongue inside...your hand finding my sweet spot and rubbing it...I cry out, gripping the railing...you divide my wetness and slip a finger inside while your thumb rubs my clit...I buck and push against your hand as you finger fuck me and play with my tits at the same time, I am burning for you. I cum on your hand and fingers. You remove your hand from under my panties....I look into your eyes and you smile at me, taking your fingers and placing them in your mouth and sucking on them. 

You tell me to bend over the railing and I comply. My hair hanging down along with my breasts and Mikimoto pearl necklace. Shivering from the cold night air but more so from the burning heat inside me needing to be released...I hear your zipper sliding down and then feel you hard cock at the back of my ass, as you caress its curves with your dick. Pale skin, black dress, dark eyes, red lips moaning calling your name...pink nipples hard and pointed...pink wet cunt waiting for you....wanting you. You push yourself into my warm tight waiting pussy and I let out a long satisfied moan. So wet, so tight, so hot...you start moving your hips back and forth, telling me to play with my tits. I take one in each hand, pushing them together, pinching my nipples...my body half turned, looking at you with dark fathomless eyes...crying out to you, saying your name.

You pump harder, faster...your thighs smacking against mine. Our bodies making wet sounds as you slide in and out of me, your balls slick from my honey. You take one of your hands from my hip and tangle it in my hair, thrusting in and out of me...watching your glistening cock as it pumps in and out between the pink folds of my pussy..oh yes, baby. That's it, fuck me...fuck me, just like that....mmmmm....pound your cock into my tight pussy...yes... yesssssssss.... YESSSSSSSSSSSSS! My pussy throbs and milks your cock, you can't hold back any longer...you erupt inside of me, turning my face to yours and kissing me hard, moaning as you release your seed into me...

You disengage from my body and pull me to you, kissing my forehead, my face, my lips. You then tell me to get on my knees and I comply. You stick your still semi-erect cock in my face and tell me to lick you clean and again, I comply...licking the length of your shaft, wrapping my lips around it, sucking it before releasing it and moving to your balls, licking them clean and your sticky thighs...before returning to your cock, lapping any residual cream from the two of us from your dick. You pull me back up to you...kissing my lips and fixing my dress, retying the bow. You take your coat and place it around me, giving my forehead another kiss and pulling me close...caressing my back and hair...

"My Serene..."