 The day was hot and humid, the sort of day that one can only find in the valley's of West Virginia and Southeastern Ohio. It had rained that morning but now the sticky heat filled the air again. She was outside in her front yard, her blue sun dress was cooler than shorts would have been and her toenails polished bright red were the only adornment on her bare feet. She picked the dead tops off her garden of pinks. She was so proud of that patch of her garden as she had invested much time in growing that particular patch of flowers. 

She had just finished pulling away the last of the flower tops when her cell phone rang. She expected it to be her son as she answered. It wasn't. Her heart raced as she heard her lover's voice on the other end of the line. 

"Hey Darlin'," he spoke into the phone, "I need you, can you get away?"

"Yes, I'll be there in an hour and I need you as well you know."

She quickly showered taking care to wash the sweat away from her breasts and cleaning her pussy and ass well. She climbed out of the shower and ran her fingers through her hair. She slipped into a silky dress and slid her feet into a pair of low heeled mules. She didn't bother putting underwear on but slipped a pair of pink panties into her purse. Reality check there...she knew she would have to come home at some point. 

She drove to the rented motel room and he was waiting there for her. The door closed behind them and he buried his face in her neck breathing in her scent. 

"I couldn't wait any longer," he told her, " I had to touch you, hear your voice. I had to see you again, to make sure you were real and not a dream. Doesn't seem to matter how many times we are together, I'm sure I'll wake up one morning and find that you were only in my imagination." 

"I understand." she replied, " I feel that too."

His lips sought hers and as they tasted each other passion started to burn deep inside them both. Their tongues met and danced with each other, exploring what they already knew and searching for other places they hadn't yet found to pleasure the other. He pulled her body closer to his and felt her hardened nipples under her dress. 

"You're not wearing a bra" he said as his hand slid down the front of her dress.

She moved her hips to grind against him and smiled as she said, "Sugar, that isn't all I'm not wearing."

She felt his cock jump against her thigh as it hardened. Her hand went to the bulge in his pants and she began to touch him through his clothing. She was never shy about touching him and he knew that was one of the reasons she excited him. He never had to guess if she wanted him, she made it very clear. 

He removed his clothing. And then slowly lifted her dress over her head and pulled off her shoes. He pushed her backward on the bed as he kissed her lips over and over again. His mouth moved to her neck and shoulders and he felt he moan beneath him. He sucked at her skin and moved his lips to one of her nipples, his tongue darted over it. He felt her legs wrap around his waist and her hands move through his hair, pulling his body closer to hers. 

He could feel his cock laying on top of her wet pussy. The heat rose from her body as she wiggled her ass to try to get him inside of her. 

"Oh baby," he laughed, "we aren't even close to doing that yet. I'm going to make sure you know how long I've thought about this and how very much I want you."

His lips trailed from her breasts to her pussy. He placed a pillow under her ass and parted her legs. Her clit was swollen and pink. He could almost feel it throbbing with desire. Her outer lips were covered in tiny red curls of hair, and as he used his fingers to open her to him he felt her wetness in his hand. He licked her slit from the from front to her ass, savoring the taste of her. Her moans told him that she enjoyed the sensation as much as he enjoyed giving it to here. His lips closed over her clit and he sucked it into his mouth. He felt her body stiffen and knew that her first climax was close. He slid one finger inside of her and felt her cum, he licked her juices and suckled from her body. 

He heard her call out his name at the peak of her climax and smiled. It was just the beginning. 

He felt her body relax and then turned her over on her belly. Then thinking about what he wanted to do he moved her to the side of the bed and placed a pillow under her tummy as her legs dangled off the bed. He sat on his knees below her on the floor. Her ass raised in the air, he began to touch her hips. He felt her relax into his touches as he parted her ass revealing the tiny puckered pink hole there. His tongue licked at her and she moaned as if he had sat her on fire. He moved his tongue further inside of her and began to use it as if he were eating her pussy. She cried out again and opened herself to him as far as she could. He used his fingers to feel his way inside her pussy. His thumb pressed against her clit and he put two of his fingers inside her. Her pussy tightened on his fingers and he decided against trying to put a third finger into her. His tongue licked at her ass, his thumb circled her clit and his fingers plunged in and out of her. He watched as climax after climax claimed her body, until finally she collapsed onto the bed. 

"Oh my God" she breathed as she rolled over on her back. Her breathing was hard, her breasts rising and falling as she tried to catch her breath. 

He stood up, not giving her a chance to think, he put her feet on his shoulders and plunged his cock into her wet pussy. She was so hot and tight around him that he lost control as he began to move inside of her. It wasn't long after he entered her that his body stiffened and he released himself into her. His hot cum filled her and mixed with her own. He stayed inside of her as long as he could. then laid on the bed beside of her and pulled her close to him. Melting together in the afterglow of their lovemaking, they rested. 

She awakened to hear his steady breathing beside of her. She touched his face as he slept, tracing the outline of his lips with her fingertips. He relaxed deeper into her touch but didn't waken. A smile came across her face as she thought about the times he had told her how he wanted to wake her in the mornings, and she thought that would be a delightful way for him to start his day. 

She settled herself between his legs and took his limp sleeping cock into her mouth. Even in his sleep he opened his legs to give her access to himself. She began to lick and suck on his cock, her fingertips playing with his balls until she heard him moan and knew that he was awake.

"God, I thought I'd died and gone to heaven" he said as he ran his fingers through her hair.

"You wait just a little while longer, Sugar, I'm going to take you there" she replied with a grin. 

By now his cock was fully erect and filled her mouth. He began to move his hips in time with her and she stopped. 

"I don't think so, darlin, not yet...I have plans for you now," she told him. "For the first part of your morning entertainment, I believe that I will have you watch. But no touching, not yourself and not me." 

She helped him prop himself into a sitting position with the bed pillows and laid herself in full view of him. Her hair was still tangled from sleep and sex, her blue eyes clouded with both passion and desire. Her pink nipples stood out, enticing him to take one in his mouth. She parted her legs and he could see she was already wet, and her clit was swollen and in need of attention. 

He watched as she began to touch herself. Her fingertips rolling each nipple, her hands cupping her breasts and making a path over her stomach to her red haired mound. His excitement rose as he watched her part the lips of her pussy and put her fingers inside herself. She was able to put three of her own fingers inside of her pussy and then she began moving them in and out. Her hips were grinding in time to her movements and he could tell she was lost in her passions.

"Let me see you cum baby" he whispered low, "cum for me."

Her body tightened and shook as she released herself. She lay silent for a minute and then removed her fingers from her pussy and placed them in his mouth. He sucked her love juices from her fingers and licked each fingertip. 

She asked him to turn on his stomach and began to use her tongue to probe his asshole, he squirmed under her touch and he could feel the precum flowing out the tip of his cock. Her hand was underneath of him, playing with his cock and balls as her tongue flicked in and out of his ass. She didn't stop. She went on licking and sucking his ass, and touching his cock and balls until he he thought he would explode. He moaned and moved underneath of her and that seemed to excite her more as she worked at him faster and with more pressure

Finally she let him turn onto his back and took his hard cock into her mouth. Her tongue teased him into a frenzy as she sucked him first hard and fast and then slowed down or stopped to keep him from reaching orgasm. 

His hands were on her head, shoulders, and neck, petting and stroking every place he could reach. He was moaning in pleasure, aware of nothing but the way she was touching him. He wanted to cum, for release, and yet he didn't want the feeling that she was giving him to ever stop

He felt her take his cock into her mouth, covering the whole shaft with her mouth her lips circling the base of it. Her hands were on his hips drawing him into her as much as she could. Then he felt the pressure of her fingertip on his asshole and he gasped as he realized what she was about to do. As her finger filled his ass and began move in and out of him, his cock and balls tightened and gave her the flood of his cum that she craved. She drank from him, milking every drop from his cock, pure pleasure flowed through his body as he shot one more load into her mouth. 

She laid her head on his lap and he reached down to talk her hand softly holding it in his own. She sighed knowing that she had brought him pleasure as they lay together like that for several minutes. She wiggled upward on the bed and he enclosed her in his arms. His hands began to run over her body, Lightly touching her in places that he knew made her skin tingle. He rolled her nipples in his fingertips, all the time watching her face as she lost herself in him. Her body arched and writhed under his touch until he knew she could go no longer with cumming

He heard her gasp "please" as his hand went between her legs. She jumped at his touch and this time he didn't make her wait. He quickly found the spot inside of her that he knew would bring her to climax and he stroked her there until she cried out and reached her peak. 

Author's note: 

Desire, it burns within us all. There is no discrimination of gender or age. Sometimes we are lucky enough to find the one that will both fan and put out the flames. In some cases finding that someone takes awhile and being together isn't as often as we'd like. But as I have said many times before...I'm a patient woman. 