 The hotel room was dark when I went in and I almost didn't see him standing near the window. The moonlight coming through allowed me to see the profile of him standing with his back against the wall, arms crossed over his chest, face turned to the view from the hotel overlooking the small town.

I was confused when I first got his text giving me the name of the hotel and a room number. This was the first time he had sent this and at first there was a stream of excitement to flow through me as I began to hope that it was because he actually wanted to be with me. To hold me. To take that next step and to fuck me like I had been fantasizing about for a while now. Could it possibly be coming true after all this time?

I walked over to the window and followed his gaze looking out over the town. It wasn't a spectacular view, but my heart was racing so much that I couldn't completely focus. Too afraid to look over at him, I tried to calm my breathing and possibly keep my heart from bursting in my chest. My panties were wet from the time I had pulled into the hotel parking lot. Not having time to change from leaving work, I was still in my tight black pencil skirt that grabbed every inch of the lower part of my body and the thin white top that was maybe a little too sheer. Nipples hard against the thin lace bra and almost outlined through my top. The four-inch black pumps made me taller and feel sexier so I wore them often. But today they were perfect. Today, even I were wrong about things, he would a hard time resisting. 

"So...here we are," I whispered. I had no clue what to say. He was so quiet standing there in his black Henley and jeans. Damn, he was a good looking man. Not thin and tone, but muscled and built like a man who could take on whatever came his way. A man that made other men jealous and women fight to get his attention. The best part about him? He had no clue. No clue at all that women fantasized about him. He didn't pretend to be anyone else because you could tell he was comfortable in his own skin. But this quiet made me worry he wasn't comfortable at all at this moment. So I looked out the window and I waited.

After a few more moments, from the corner of my eye I saw him move. He raised a hand and leaned over and touched my arm. I turned and looked at him but his gaze told me nothing. He wasn't smiling and laughing as I had found him so many times. His expression didn't show anger or attitude. His look was dark, but I saw something else. I saw desire. As quickly as it showed itself, he looked down over my body. Taking his gaze from mine and looking over me as if it were the first time. His hand moving up and down my arm as he pushed away from the wall and moved to stand behind me. I took in a deep breath and held it as his other hand moved to do the same and both were stroking my arms. Whether to comfort of arouse, I wasn't sure but I felt both. 

Then I felt his lips at my shoulder. The softest breath of a touch that I almost thought I imagined it. And he didn't kiss me again. His hands moved all the way down to my wrists and gripping them both at the same time he pressed my hands to glass of the window. "I don't want you to move," he finally spoke and it set me on edge to hear it. My breathing increased and the stirring of heat began to build in my pussy. My clit pulsing and my nipples aching with anticipation. Oh please, I thought. Please let him fuck me. It seemed I had waited forever for this. 

His hands moved up my arms, down my sides, over my hips and ass before stopping at my thighs. He gathered my skirt in his hands and pulled it to rest at my waist. I felt the kiss of air at the top of my thighs over my thigh-high lace topped stockings. He hands slid over the fabric of the lace and the slight humming noise he made let me know he approved. (That meant I was buying a pair for everyday!) If he shifted his hands just a little he could touch my clit through my panties, I thought. Sliding his hands up my thighs he barely touched the sides of my pussy before continuing up to where he quickly pulled my top over my head (momentarily moving my hands off the glass) and tossed it to the chair beside the window. 

At this point, I should have been nervous at facing the world through a window in a hotel overlooking the town in my lace bra and matching panties, but I wasn't. The anticipation of being fucked in front of said window was greater than any fear of being seen. 

Once my top was gone his hands moved to breasts and squeezed them through the lace of the bra as if testing. It was obvious that my large breasts were my own and that he liked the size. I imagined him fucking me with his cock between my tits and then he pinched my nipple and the moan slipped out of me that I had been holding since I walked to the window. "Nipples are sensitive, aren't they?" Of course he didn't have to ask, but I answered all the same with a whispered, "Yes." 

It was then he pushed up against me and I felt his hard, thick cock press against my ass and I was so pleased with myself for making him that way. With each stroke of it up and down the cleft of my ass my pussy clenched and weeped for him to fill me. I pushed my head back to rest on his shoulder and he turned his head to lick the lobe of my sensitive ear. Fingers pinching, cock thrusting, and both moaning and losing control. At first, it seemed that he was unsure of what he wanted. Almost as if he were fighting it. Now it was obvious what he wanted and he wanted me. 

"Take off the rest and get on the bed," he instructed and I did not hesitate. I didn't want there to be any doubt I wanted him and was willing to do whatever he wanted to please him. Only minutes after I was naked on the bed and shaking with desire. I watched as he finished undressing and adored his body bathed in the moonlight. He took his cock in his hand and stroked it up and down. I loved watching that. It was so sexy. The bead of precum showing and he smeared it over the head of his cock. "Touch yourself." His voice quiet, but deep and penetrating through to me. Again, I didn't hesitate. My body angled toward him on the bed while he stood beside it watching me, I put my hand between my thighs and my fingers ran over my smooth pussy. 

I liked him watching me. I liked him knowing how wet I was for him. I moaned as my fingers touched my clit. He continued stroking his hard cock as he watched me playing with my clit. I knew he was enjoying it so I lifted my other hand to squeeze and tease my nipple. That was just enough to push him, because he was on the bed and on top of me in the next second. The tip of his cock between my pussy lips nudging and warning at the same time. My pussy was about to be owned and I wanted it. I wanted it so bad. Then he looked up at my face. The moonlight from the window was the only light in the room and I could barely make out his features, but I saw his eyes and I knew. I knew he had been fighting with himself and the fight was now over. He pushed inside my wet pussy and my body stretched to welcome him. "Ohhhh..." Unable to hold in my desire any longer. I reached up to grab his muscled shoulders to hold on. His hands flat on the bed on each side of my shoulders and head thrown back in pleasure. My legs folded up over his hips in attempt to hold his cock inside me. I wanted to savor it for just a moment.

And then he moved.

His cock slid out and I wanted to cry from the emptiness. It lasted a second before he pushed back in. His movements slow as if to savor the feeling. The slowness was driving me crazy. It was the worst kind of tease. But I had been teasing him for a while so I deserved the torture. I moved my hips in attempt to get the friction I needed. I wanted so bad to be on top and riding that hard cock. Then he stopped. Stopped! My shock lasted only a moment when he said, "You keep that up and I'll spank that ass and cum on your back and I know you don't want that." Oh, yes I did! But not until I after I had came with his cock inside me at least once.

"Please fuck me," I begged. I didn't mind begging him. I wanted him that much.

"You ask so nicely."

"I'll be good. I promise."

With a groan he went back to pumping his cock in my pussy and I sighed with relief. Pushing my head back on the pillow I savored the feeling. It had been so long and having to lie still while he took me was pushing me toward the edge. He fucked me harder and my tits were bouncing and nipples burning with need for attention. I closed my eyes and I almost see the white heat that was calling me to my orgasm. In and out he pushed and my pussy was on fire. "I...I..." The words would not form to tell him I was about to come.

"Don't you fucking come," he groaned. His voice husky and deep as if he were holding on by a thread himself. With that he flipped me over and pushed me up to the headboard placing my hands on the top. I was dizzy from the quickness of his movements I barely registered what happened before he pushed into me from behind.The wetness from my pussy and his precum had me drenched. His hand slid up and gripped my neck applying just enough pressure to get my attention. He turned my head to face the mirror on the wall in front of me and I could see the hint of the face of the man fucking me. The look on his face took my breath. Gone was the confusion from before and replaced by uncontrolled passion. I kept my hands on the headboard in fear of moving and causing another shift in his movements. If I stay still he won't stop, I thought. If I don't come yet he won't stop. This was madness.

Rolling his hips he continued sliding his cock in and out of my pussy as I stared into the mirror and into his eyes.Beautiful eyes barely visible from the small amount of light. He continued his hold on my neck all while fucking me harder and harder. The blood had left my fingers as I continued to grip the headboard. I could no longer stifle the moan I had been holding, but he didn't stop. His other hand slid up my arm slowly and continued until it rested on my breast and squeezing my nipple. Pinching hard. More torture. I couldn't take much more. My entire body was on fire. I wanted to move with him. If I tilted my hips just a little he would find that sweet spot inside me that would put me over the edge. Just a little...

This time his groan was more like a growl and he pushed his hand down from my breast straight to my clit rubbing circles that brought the white heat back like an old friend. I sighed when I felt it moving through my core and taking over. "Now, baby!" He groaned in my ear and the shaking and heat spread throughout my entire body like a dam breaking and it was as if every cell inside me was exploding. My head thrown back on his shoulder and moaning as his rode me through my orgasm. Only then did I feel him stiffen and loudly groan out "fuck!" And I knew he had found his release. His warm cum bathing my pussy and I clenched those muscles as if I could hold it inside me. Both of us gasping and panting for air and overwhelmed by the extremity of it all. His cock twitching and jerking as he leaned over and lightly kissed my cheek before sliding us down the bed and resting my head on his shoulder. His arm tucked me close to him as if to hold me there when there was no where I would rather be.

It was quiet and peaceful and no words were needed. Our breathing finally returning to normal. The silence was welcoming and talking would ruin the beauty of it. I wanted to stay like that forever. I wanted to hold that moment in a secret place and never let it go. To protect it from all outside intrusion. Nothing else existed in that moment and nothing could ever replace it. It was perfect.