 After being a longtime reader I now (finally) have had an experience that I can share here. I know most of what is written here is fiction, but there's always hope for those of us who fantasize about having something amazing happen to us. This story is proof that it can happen.

Like all of us (I think) I have fantasies from time to time about something to take me out my hum drum daily activities. I am in my mid forties, with an average build. Pretty much like most women out there, normal, nice looking, fun and generally a happy go lucky person. I had noticed this man since he began riding the bus to town about a year ago. He appeared to be in his late thirties, not overly handsome but a real rugged American manly looking type with a swagger about him and eyes that looked like were looking right through you. He also seemed to work out regularly but didn't wear clothes to necessarily show it off. He rarely wore a suit but I could see the intense look of a man of some importance about him. I also noticed he wore a wedding ring so I knew that he was married and that these would be just fantasies. From time to time I would have little daydreams about what it would be like to be with him and I would really get turned on for the ride home. It was a great way to kill time on the ride home. He pretty much kept to himself while on the bus, either reading or listening to his Ipod. I didn't even usually get the chance to sit next to him either because I was a bit shy about it because I had these thoughts or because I would be on the bus first and he didn't sit next to me. 

This past week I was on the bus and had taken my seat and really wasn't even thinking about him at all. I was thinking about groceries that needed to be collected and various other mundane thoughts when I caught him out of the corner of my eye running over the steps to catch the bus. The seat was open next to me but he usually picked one in the back if it was open. I stared out the window into the traffic, preparing for another daydream when he slid into the seat next to me and gave me a smile. I smiled back and pretended to be indifferent while my heart started to flutter and I stared back to the window to get a grip. The bus started its journey and he settled into his book and I started to examine him a little more closely to have something to add to my daydreams since I had the opportunity. He had powerful looking legs and his shoulders were wide as or better than the seat. He tried to keep his arms tucked in to accommodate me in the other seat as he read. 

I started to drift off into one of my little fantasies. I was thinking about reaching over and placing my hand on his leg and having him look into my eyes. I thought of him giving me a knowing smile and leaning in to kiss me. I thought of us getting off the bus together and dragging him to a secret place where we could ravage each other, his hands all over my body strong and secure while we made love recklessly.

I had just about drifted off to a nice warm contented sleep when the bus lurched and shot me upright in the seat. The roads here are not the best in the world and they can get quite bumpy with all of the construction going on so this is nothing new in and of itself. As I came out of my drowse, I noticed that as I shot upright I had reached out and placed my hand on his thigh. I turned and noticed that he had grabbed my arm in front of him with his right hand to support me as best he could. I started to flush and mustered a self-conscious smile but didn't remove my hand from his thigh as I settled back into the seat. I was still a little out of sorts but relaxed the grip on his leg while leaving my hand there. He turned to look into my eyes with a coy smile on his face and let his hand gently drift down the inside of my forearm and rest atop my own on his thigh. He gave it a gentle pat and then squeezed it in a comforting manner. I thought I was going to melt into my seat when he held my hand and looked right through me knowing I wanted him somehow. He leaned in to me and asked if I was alright. 

I thought, "No you fool, I need to have you inside me right now!" But I demurely said "Oh grand, grand, thanks." Feeling like a school girl in that moment. I still had not moved my hand and actually got up the nerve to give his thigh a gentle squeeze, getting ready to remove it and get back to my daydream with plenty of new things to focus on. I actually couldn't wait to get home and take care of business my self, that's how turned on I was. The squeeze must have been the trigger to him as just as I was about to remove my hand, he reached across the seat and placed his hand on MY thigh!! A mixture of fear and feebleness overtook me. What had until this point been fantasy was now actually happening! His touch was very gentle as he kneaded the cloth of my skirt on my thigh. I gave him blank look that made him chuckle and relaxed the moment for me. I didn't push him away and I gave his thigh an approving squeeze. He shifted toward me slightly so his reach wasn't as noticeable and gently stroked my thigh through my skirt. I shifted the newspaper I had with me over his hand to conceal what was going on. This done, he started to grow adventuresome and drifted his caresses higher on my thigh and deeper between my legs. I relaxed into him shifting slowly to allow him a better reach and closed my eyes to enjoy his touch. God, I think I was just about purring.

The crowded bus kept us from going further but if we were alone I can tell you that I would have jumped him right there. As he reached the center of my lap I was about ready to cum from the excitement of it all. His hand flattened on my tummy and his thumb gently searched for my button. I was breathing heavily and when he found it and I opened my eyes and found myself staring into his as an incredible orgasm hit me. My fantasies coupled with the fact that he really knew how to touch me and also being in public really set me off. I had trouble staying in my seat and not attracting attention. I wanted him so badly.

He turned sideways in his seat slightly and allowed my hand to find the hardness in his jeans. He felt about ready to bust and groaned lowly as I rubbed him through his pants, placing his hand on top of mine and caressing it. We looked at each other and smiled and he leaned into me and whispered, "I wish we didn't have to, but we have to stop this so I'll be able to get off this bus. The next stop is mine." 

We giggled and pouted and then I thought "Oh right, we are married to other people." Shite! I was kind of in a whirlwind of thought and getting embarrassed when he took my hand and placed his bus ticket with his work number on it into my hand and squeezed it tightly. 

He whispered, "Please....call me. I think this incredible moment needs to continue." 

I was beside myself and couldn't sleep all night, reliving that orgasm and his touch over and over. I called him from work the next morning. He didn't know who it was exactly until I said, "You know...from the bus." 

He laughed and apologized and said it had been a busy morning. He asked me to lunch and I made excuses to the others I usually eat with that I needed to run some errands and went to meet him. He was brilliant. Witty, charming, and was a perfect gentleman as we got to know each other. Neither of us mentioned the bus until he had to get back to the office for a meeting.

He then asked if I would like to get together some place other than the bus.

I just about melted and said, "I would like that very much." 

He asked if I could meet him at his office at around half-six that evening as most of the staff would be gone for the day.

I told him that I would call him if I could that afternoon. I hurried back to the office and figured out some excuse to delay my getting home (with not more than a few second thoughts about what I was getting into) and called him to let him know I would be there. 

I showed up and he met me on the ground floor. As we went up to his office I was so nervous and wet with excitement that I could barely stand it. As we entered the office he leaned on a conference table and offered me a drink. 

I told him that I didn't need one.

He could sense an awkwardness starting so he reached for my hands and said, "I'm really glad you could make it tonight. I think you are simply beautiful and I just can't wait to kiss those wonderful lips."

(OK I was floored). I was blown away at his smoothness. (YOU HAD ME AT HELLO!!) And the next two hours was like a blur of sensation.

He moved in and cupped my face in his hands and very, very gently touched his lips to mine.... and then to my cheek ....and then to my earlobe as he asked me if I wanted to make love to him.

(YEAH!!!! CATCH ME BEFORE I FALL DOWN AND PASS OUT!!!) I think I mumbled an "Oh yes." 

He moved around behind me and placed his hands on my shoulders and swept the hair from my neck. He kissed me softly from my neck to each shoulder, shifting my blouse as he did so, driving me crazy as he pressed himself into me from behind. I could feel his hardness again. He let his hands fall from my shoulders tracing the backs of his fingertips over my now quite erect nipples and sent shivers through me.

I was a mass of goose flesh. It must have taken him an hour to undress me and I him as we simply explored each other. I have never been made to feel so beautiful by any man. I mean, I had three or four orgasms and I hadn't even gotten his pants off yet. I knew that he was on the verge of cumming several times as he had to stop rubbing or kissing me to calm down. 

Finally, he unzipped my pants and let them fall to the floor as I leaned on the table. He kissed my bottom up the crevice from bottom to top over the lace of my knickers. (Glad I wore the lacey ones!) Then he pulled off my knickers and had me lie back on the conference table.

He leaned over me with my legs slightly wrapped around him and said, "I've really wanted to taste you all day."

I muttered, "Please do," (or something that popped into my mind of mush at the moment) and watched as he started to go down on me.

He started by planting light kisses on both my nipples gently grazing them with his teeth. Then he kissed his way back and forth over my tummy heading down to my fanny.

I stared at the ceiling and closed my eyes as he did the most amazing thing. He didn't just go slopping around down there. Oh no....he started to make out with my fanny the same way he did with my mouth! It was thee most incredible oral sex that I have ever had!! I came so hard that I screamed! 

He was shushing me and giggling and asked me if I enjoyed that.

(I could cum right now again thinking about it!) I kicked him away and just about tore his pants off. His prick was so hard ( And much to my surprise very neatly trimmed. It was very nice!) as I pulled his boxer briefs down. I pounced on it like a cat after a mouse and simply meant to suck the life out of him. I was that hot. I reached around him and grabbed and kneaded his ass as I bobbed and sucked and licked, wanting to drive him wild as he had driven me. 

He tried to put his hands on my head but I pushed then away and wanted to be in charge here. I had never been this crazed. I wanted to eat him alive, every part of him. 

A few minutes of this was all it took and he looked me in the eye and said "Oh God I'm going to cum." He came with such a shot that I almost choked. I couldn't handle it all and I let some splash on my face. I think that just turned him on more because he was laughing and talking to God leaning back on the table.

I stood up, wiped my face and we cuddled for a while and caressed each other. He never did lose his hardness though. After a few minutes of touching, he moved behind me and rubbed himself over my bum and then had me lean over the table. I really love it from behind and was really ready for a good lashing. He rubbed himself over my button and then very slowly pushed inside me.

He was really slow and deliberate about it and it felt really good given how sensitive I was already. 

I pushed my bum out and into him and my breasts were swaying and my nipples were brushing the cool conference table. It felt so good but I wanted it harder. I looked at him and said, "Please...fuck me harder. I'm going crazy." I have never felt like such a slut before. Not in a bad way, though. It felt good to be this hot and naughty.

He stopped rubbing his hands on my back and grabbed my hips with both hands and started to slowly accelerate and soon we were slamming against each other. He was hammering right on the spot and I felt a huge hot rush through me as I came like I never have before. It was like a fever from inside out.

He came right with me and we collapsed on the table panting. (What a romp!!!)

I looked at my watch and we had been at it for two hours and it seemed like fifteen minutes.

We snuggled for several minutes and then both left for our other lives. But, I think I'll surely be ringing that number again. 

Please keep in mind that I love my husband and family very, very, much and in our talks I know that this man really loves his as well. I think that's the great thing about it. We both have our lives but we can have an escape too. I can say one thing for sure. It was an incredible event for me. 

I've seen him again since and will tell you about it soon!!