 Recently this past summer I went to my highschool reunion. Nothing special happened there but I ran into a former classmate that reminded me of something that to this day was one of the most exciting sexual experiences of my life.

There used to be a bus service that picked you up and took you to the beach. It was a big, city bus that made a dozen stops then headed out directly to the beach. A group of us decided to cut classes one morning and go the beach. I don't remember everyone who went but I do remember Esther. We had been friends since sophomore year. She was (and still is) gorgeous. She's spanish and had olive skin and long, thick brown hair surrounding her pretty face. She had perfect B-Cup titties and there was no hiding when her nipples got hard. Her ass was also sexy as hell and I would've loved to hook up with her but she was the type of girl you could be great friends with but she was always dating guys much older then her (or me). I had a beautiful steady girlfriend too. But niether of our significant others were at the beach that day.

It started when Esther showed up at the bus stop wearing her bikini top and a pair of small gym shorts. The way they hugged her body made her look even sexier. I decided I would spend my time with her at the beach that day. Things got even worse for me when we finally got to the beach. Esthers bikini bottom was tiny and when she laid her blanket next to mine and sprawled out, I caught my first glimpse of a few stray pubes poking out from her bikini and my dick became uncomfortably hard. My poor cock did double duty that day. I enjoyed being with her and I think she was having a good time too. I had my eyes all over her and seeing her wisps of pubic hair had me anxious to get home and fuck my girlfriend.

A few of the guys had joints and we smoked them in the afternoon so by the time we went out to wait for the bus, we were all buzzed. It was so hot and the bus was so packed. There weren't enough seats so Esther gave me hers and then she sat on my lap. As the crowded, noisy bus headed off, I was getting aroused. My cock was pressing right into Esthers sexy ass and there was no doubt she had to feel my hard. We rode in silence for about 15 minutes then she started to wiggle her ass and it was driving me crazy.

We were in the back row of the bus, against the window and no one seemed to be paying much attention. She leaned back against me and I saw her nipples denting out her t-shirt. She moved her mouth so close to my ear I could feel her warm breath, "my boyfriend loves that I'm hairy... I got so wet today the way you were staring at me" she nibbled my earlobe and smiled at me. I didn't know what to say to that.

"Your cock is awfully hard... does it hurt when it gets so hard?" she whispered again. "a little" I managed weakly. Then she shifted and I felt her hand rub my hard on through my trunks. I closed my eyes, her hand felt good.

She managed to slip her hand into the leg of my shorts and she grabbed my cock, and started stroking it. Her fingers felt so amazing on my naked hard on. My hand was on her leg the entire bus ride and I let it slip to her crotch. I rubbed her pussy mound through her shorts and I could feel how warm and wet she was. I looked around, everyone seemed either burned out from the sun and pot or the strangers on the bus couldn't be bothered by us. That was fine with me. I slipped a finger into her shorts and started to finger her dripping wet hole. I had never seen a pussy so wet or felt one that actually dripped. All the while, Esther kept a grip on my cock and stroked me.

By now I was getting pretty good at finger-fucking Esther and she raised her right leg to provide the only privacy we had. About half my cock was sticking out of the leg of my trunks and I knew I wouldn't be able to hold out much longer. I was suprised when Esther started cumming, she did it quietly but I could feel her pressing against my hand and fucking my fingers. A minute or two later and my cock exploded. My cum shot out in thick jets and hit the side of the bus. She squeezed me until my cock felt empty. I softened and my cock disappeared back into my shorts. Esther wiped her cum covered fingers on the t-shirt I was wearing. And just like that it was over.

Esther got off the bus at her stop and said she'd see me in class tomorrow, leaving me seated with a wet cpot on my trunks. Everybody said goodbye and three stops later my friends and I piled off the bus. I wanted to tell them but decided to keep my secret handjob just that, a secret. It was so hot having my cock stroked while I fingered her wet pussy and a bus load of people were surrounding us. It was truly amazing. I have jerked off countless times thinking about it and have closed my eyes and thought of Esther on many occassions while my wife played with my cock.

Then I saw her at the reunion, she still looked gorgeous and she was still single although she was with her boyfriend, a much older guy. She walked up to me while I was waiting for a drink and simply said "have any interesting bus rides lately?" I smiled as we shared our decade old secret. So thats my story, I hope you enjoyed it.