 When people ask how we met, I smile and reply, "On the bus."

Of course, I can't tell them the whole story. June and I look at each other, grin like Cheshire cats, and enjoy our sexy little secret. My first dinner with her parents was embarrassing. I had to think on my feet that night, I can tell you.

We've been married nearly two years now, and our first child is on the way. Life is good, and even though we've got a reliable car these days, we still take the bus every now and then, just for old times sake.

*****

My car was off the road. It was a clapped out piece of junk that had finally given up the ghost. I was too busy to shop around for a new one, so I was resigned to taking the bus instead.

Mornings were fine. I went in early and the bus was always empty. I could happily read some papers on the journey. But the mass exodus of shoppers and students from the town centre, made the ride home very uncomfortable. One particular day I was late getting to the bus-stop. It was standing room only by the time I got to the front of the queue. And not very much standing room at that. I got on, paid my fare, and headed for the back of the bus. Just like it tells you to on the little signs.

She got on after me. She was couple of inches shorter than me, with a perfect crop of blonde hair. She stood in front of me, facing the front, as the bus pulled out of the station.

We were quite close, and the scent of her perfume flooded my nostrils. It was a musky, sexy smell. I recognised it as something expensive, but I couldn't put a name to it.

She had some heavy shopping bags on the floor by her feet. I almost offered to help her with them when more people got on the bus at the next stop and we were forced to move even further back. Inhibition stopped me, or maybe it was when she stepped on my foot as she shuffled back. She turned around to look at me with apologetic eyes.

"Sorry," she said sweetly. "Are you okay?"

"I'm fine. Don't worry about it."

By now, the bus was full and she was right up against me. I could just about see over the top of her head, but my crotch was lined up with her glorious round arse. Her scent drove me wild, and I pictured the kind of images that any healthy heterosexual male would have in that situation.

My cock stirred; I could feel it moving upwards and out. This was going to be embarrassing. I desperately tried to think of the most boring thing I could. Cricket, that's boring, but an article in the morning newspaper about a cricket star whose alleged lover claimed was great in bed, filled my head.

I tried again. Snooker. No, that was no good either. I once tried to teach a girlfriend how to play and it meant leaning over her, my crotch up against her bum. It didn't matter what I thought of, my over-stimulated brain made a connection to sex, all the time giving strength to my growing bulge.

I knew that the girl in front of me would be able to feel my dick pushing against her by now. I was convinced that she could feel every pulse as it filled with ever more blood. She hadn't even turned around and told me off but my face was already beetroot red. What would it be like when she did? I was thankful that most people would be getting off the bus in a few stops time. I could move away from her and avoid making the situation worse.

The bus began to clear and seats became available. I sat a couple of seats behind the blonde girl, and tried toi calm down. But the hormones were raging, and I decided that when I got in I would put my on favourite porn movie, and have a good old-fashioned wank.

With only two stops left before mine, there were five people left on the bus; the blonde girl included. Nobody got on or off at the next stop, and I suddenly realised that mine was one of the last stops. I prayed she stayed on when I alighted. I would be very embarrassed otherwise.

Praying when you don't really believe in a god is foolish in the extreme. Any god that happens to be listening is bound to take the piss. She rose to disembark at the same time as me. I was up and past her seat, waiting for the bus to stop, before she had even managed to get her shopping bags out from behind her seat.

I felt very guilty getting off the bus carrying only a newspaper while she struggled with her load. Being a softy at heart, I helped her down off the bus, and held some of her shopping as she tried to work out the best way to carry it all.

"Look, why don't I help you carry it back to your house?"

"Are you sure you don't mind?" she asked.

"No, I don't mind. How far is it?"

"Just around the corner." She pointed in the same direction as my house. This girl lived in the same street and I had never seen her before. How could that be?

"That's my street!"

"Wow, what a coincidence."

I took the heaviest of her bags and we set off towards her house. She lived further up the street than me. I never venture up that end, which explained why I hadn't seen her before. I said as much to her. 

"Oh, I only moved in last week. I'm still getting to know the area."

"Well, unless someone else has already, let me be the first to welcome you to the street."

"My neighbours already did, but thanks anyway. I'm June, by the way."

"Hi June. I'm Patrick, or Paddy, or ... no, you don't want to know my other nicknames."

"Why on earth not?"

"Rugby club."

"I see."

I pointed out my house when we past it, and walked up the street at least another ten houses before we got to hers.

"This is one of those they converted into flats isn't it?"

"Yeah, One up and one down. I'm on top."

I walked her to the door which she opened then turned around and invited me in for a coffee.

"It's the least I can do after you were so kind to help me."

"Don't be silly, it was no trouble."

"I insist."

"Actually," I paused, unsure. "I'm a little embarrassed. I only helped because I felt guilty after, you know on the bus." I felt the blood rush to my cheeks.

"Hey! Now who's being silly. The bus was so full and we were forced so close, I'd have been positively offended if I hadn't got a reaction. Now come on in and have a drink."

I relented and followed her through the door and up the stairs to her home, carrying the bags of course.

It was a small flat, with a hallway leading off to four rooms. I assumed they were kitchen, lounge, bathroom and bedroom. She placed her bags on the floor in the hall.

"Just leave those there." She waved a hand to show me where. "Come with me and I'll put the kettle on."

I followed her through one of the doors. But it wasn't the kitchen. It was her bedroom! No sooner had this fact registered with me than she shut the door behind me and pushed me back against it.

"Oh, God," she said, her voice a deep growl, "ever since I felt that big cock of yours poking into me on the bus, all I've been able to think about was it pumping in and out of me."

"Wha…?"

She shut me up with a kiss. I was too surprised to do anything. I mean, what do you do when a sexy young thing lures you to her boudoir to take advantage of you?

It was a short, but very passionate kiss, before she broke away and reached down for my belt. "Come on, let's see it."

She fumbled in her haste to open up my trousers and free my cock. Once it was out in the open, she held it in her hand and stared at it.

"It felt much bigger than it looks. Perhaps I need to get a bit closer."

She dropped to her knees. She looked it over, examining it, then engulfed it in her mouth. She slurped noisily, moving her head back and forth and driving me insane. I closed my eyes and leaned back on the door, barely able to stand. She ran her tongue in little circles around my cock-head, and sucked more dick into her mouth.

She stopped suddenly and stood up. She looked me squarely in the eye and licked her lips.

"I want you," she said. "I want you to fuck me."

"Fine by me," I said. "but first ..."

I picked her up and carried her over to the bed, which was difficult with my trousers still around my ankles. When I finally got there, I dropped her on the bed, reached up and took hold of her panties, and pulled them down over her hips and off.

It was my turn to fall to my knees. I pulled her towards me so that her bum was on the edge of the bed. I bunched her dress up around her waist then dived in. I licked along the length of her swollen lips, before dipping my tongue inside her slick hole. I revelled in her taste and the sounds she made. She was enjoying my attentions.

I reached a hand up to find her tit, which I massaged through the material of her dress and bra. With my other hand, I searched out her clit and rubbed it gently. Her vocalisations became louder and she reached down to grab my head, pulling me closer to her.

"Oh yeah, come on, oh yeah."

She thrust her hips against my mouth. I moved my tongue in and out of her like a miniature cock. Her hips found the same rhythm as my tongue, and she went from vague words of encouragement to animal-like noises.

I pulled away from her and stood up. She whimpered her objection and reached up for me. I shook my head at her and pulled my T-shirt off. She got the idea and jumped up to her knees, pulling her dress up and over her head. She knelt on the bed in only a lacy white bra, and she reached behind her back to unclasp it while I watched.  I kicked off my trousers and walked over to her.

"Turn around."

She did, her pert little arse pointing at me. I grabbed it and gave it a squeeze. She closed her eyes and moaned. Then I slapped her fleshy cheek. She wiggled her hips back at me. I took hold of my cock and she turned her head back to look at me. 

"Come on, fuck me."

It was hard to believe that I had only met this girl an hour and a half previously, and now she was urging me to fuck her. I didn't even know her surname!

I couldn't wait any more and lined my cock up with the entrance to her twat. I pushed in slowly. She moaned long and loud as I slid into her as far as I could go. I pulled out all the way as slowly as I had entered, then pushed back in quickly. June gasped, as if my dick was forcing all the air out of her body.

I slid out again and worked up a rhythm, and still it was as if the air was being forced out of her lungs. With each thrust, she gasped louder and louder. I humped her harder and faster. Her cries became louder, and she lost control. She bucked and writhed against me. She was coming. The waves of orgasm ripped through her, she pounded the bed with her fist and screamed.

All this was too much for me. I was already worked up, even before entering her bedroom, but now I was ready to burst. My hip movements became erratic, and the wires in my brain fused. My cock exploded and I filled her with my seed. Two, three, four strong squirts. I was finished, and collapsed at her side.

June fell beside me, her arm draped across my chest. We both took deep breaths until eventually she propped herself up her elbow and looked me in the eye.

"That was fantastic," she said. "I'm glad I took the bus today."

We both burst out laughing, and were overtaken by an uncontrollable fit of giggling.

"Have you got a girlfriend?" she asked eventually.

"Not at the moment."

"Well?"

"Are you asking me out?"

"Kind of," she said. "It's just that I wouldn't normally sleep with a guy until the fourth or fifth date, and since we've already fucked...."

"You think we should go out on four or five dates to make up for it."

"Exactly."

I considered this for a moment. I hardly knew June, but she seemed quite nice, she was gorgeous and she was a great lay.

"Sounds good to me."

"Great, what have you got planned for dinner tonight?"

"Nothing."

"Well I'll cook here, on one condition."

"What's that?" I asked.

"You go get some wine. Just don't take the bus, you never know who you might bump in to."