 By 9am the next morning, I had the proposal completed and ready to deliver. Dressed a little more casually today in a blue jean skirt and a blue button down shirt, I drove quickly to John's office. I walked in the door and smiled at the receptionist who was again on the phone. This time, however, she asked the person to hold, and spoke to me. 

"John told me to make sure you weren't kept waiting, and that no matter what he was doing when you got here, his schedule was to be cleared until he had finished looking over your proposal with you."

"Well, he did seem anxious to see it yesterday," I said and managed not to laugh.

She called into his office and announced me. "Yes sir, I'll tell her," she said as she hung up the phone. "Do you remember where his office is? He wants you to go on back while he finished up the meeting he's in."

"Sure, I know where I'm going." I walked back through the offices, noticing the design and the aesthetics that I had missed in my pre-occupation the day before. When I got to his door, I knocked quietly.

"Come in please." 

I walked in and saw John and another man discussing something. John was sitting on the couch and he waved me in, adding, "Would you please close the door behind you? Thanks hon, I appreciate it." The other man was sitting in one of the chairs across from the couch and papers were strewn across the table between them. I noticed almost immediately the names of some of my competitors among them. Unsure of what exactly was going on, I stepped to the edge of the couch and waited for John to finish his discussion with the man. "This is Tony, my partner, he is trying to tell me that I should put more consideration into these proposals," he said as he gestured to the scattered papers between them. I opened my mouth to say something, when he said, "So, I told him to just wait until he saw yours, then he'd understand why we are going with your company."

"Oh, well, then, here you go," I said as I handed my proposal to John who shook his head and pointed to Tony, so I handed it to Tony and took the seat on the couch beside John that he indicated I should take. 

Tony opened the folder and began reading the proposal rather thoroughly. John on the other hand had slid his hand up my thigh not stopping until he could tell that I had taken his advice and not worn any panties that day. I looked at him in panic, because his business associate was just a matter of feet away from us, but he just looked at me and said, "I'm convinced, but Tony might need some help to understand why your company is obviously the better choice."

Without looking up, Tony asked, "Now, I see this item, "Daily On-Site supervision by sales staff" what is that, and why do we need that?"

"Tony, I think I can show you exactly why we need that," John said as he pushed my skirt up to my waist and spread my legs farter apart. Tony looked over and only smiled.

"You do have a point there, that is a very good asset to have while this system is implemented."

"You have no idea, she's a very nice asset. And she's got an incredible ass as well. Here, stand up and show him your ass. Tony here is an ass man, he loves a nice ass. He likes to fuck nice asses. Is that ok with you?"

Since he said all that as he pushed two, then three fingers inside of my pussy and began rubbing my clit with his thumb, I did little more than mumble, "Sure, fine by me."

He removed his hand, much to my disappointment, until I saw he was only doing so to push his pants and boxers down to the floor. "Come here, little one, come here and sit on my dick." I moved to straddle his lap until I could feel the head of his thick cock pushing against my pussy lips. I slowly sank down until I had all of him inside of me. I was again stretched beyond what I'd previously imagined possible. I sighed as I began rocking gently back and forth, pushing my clit against his pelvic bone each time I rotated my hips. Then, slowly, I pushed myself up to my knees and sank back down. I worked up as much speed as I thought I could bear, and after only 4 or 5 strokes, I sat down hard on his dick and grabbing his shoulders, I held on 'till I dug my nails into him as the orgasm shuttered through me. I leaned against him for just a moment, to pull myself together, when I felt hands on my ass. I had forgotten that Tony was even in the room. He pushed me forward onto John's chest, and began running his finger, slick with lubricant around my tight asshole. At first I tensed in reaction, then allowed myself to welcome the intrusion. He pushed one finger inside of me, then two, then began pushing them into me harder and with more force, fucking my ass with his fingers. I began to squirm, and he added a third finger. He was forcing me to move on John's dick, and was pushing my clit harder and harder against his pelvic bone. "You'd better hurry, she's gonna cum again soon," John said over my head. I turned to look as Tony began rubbing the lube on his dick. I was both relieved and disappointed that he was not as thick as John was, it scared me to think of something that size plundering my ass. 

Tony put more lubricant on and around my asshole, and then began pressing his dick into my ass. I forced myself to relax, amazed not just at the things that Tony was doing to my ass, but the realization that I now had two dicks inside of me, between that knowledge and Tony finally bottoming out up my ass, I fell apart, exploding inside as the orgasm shook me. 

Before I could come back down from my high, the two men began moving in tandem with one another, as one would pull out of me, the other would push in. I could feel the two cocks rub against each other through the membrane that separated them. I began working my muscles, squeezing each of them as they pushed completely into me. 

John moved his hand down and began rubbing my clit with his hand as he popped a couple buttons open and pulled my bra away to suck a nipple into his mouth. "Oh, oh, oh, oh WOW," I managed as another orgasm snuck up on me, causing me to shake between the two men. 

"Oh, fuck," John said. 

"Yeah, me too," Tony grunted.

And they both shot cum deep inside me as my muscles milked every last drop from them. John lifted me up off of his lap, and away from Tony's dick, and laid me down on the couch to recover. The two quickly put their pants back on and adjusted their suit coats. 

"Well, I'm agreed," said Tony, "Now it goes to the board for approval, right?"

I bolted upright, "What?"

"I'm just kidding my dear, you are looking at the entire board, right here just the two of us." Tony laughed. "I can share you with John here, but I don't think I'd like to share your attentions with anyone else. We'll keep you busy enough just the two of us."

"I have NO doubt, no doubt at all." I reached down and gathered up all the other papers that were littered across the table and dropped them into the garbage can beside the couch, leaving only my proposal on the glass table.

"Well, I guess the only thing left to do is sign a contract, right?" John asked.

"Hmm, that sounds like you'll need to bring in the legal department," I joked, until I saw a light go on in John's head.

"You know, you've got a point, Tony, I think we should bring Robyn in to help us with the final paperwork."

"Robyn?" I asked, scared of what else I'd just gotten myself into.

Tony walked to John's desk and picking up the phone, dialed an extension and said, "Yes, Robyn, John and I need your assistance in his office, right away please, thank you."

A knock came at the door a minute later, and in walked a beautiful, tall, blonde woman in 3" heels and a skirt that pushed the limits of what corporate America would tolerate. I was quite sure I could see the top of her stockings as she walked towards me. I put an alarmed hand up to my hair, knowing what it must surely look like.

"Don't you worry none, sugar, I'm quite aware of how these two negotiate contracts, how exactly can I help?"