 He is not described because he appears as you did when you were forty, or will when you are forty. And women, he is the man who made you wet when he first touched you.

It wasn't a nude resort but the hotel had an Adults Only pool on the roof, clothing optional. Katie had gone shopping and he had decided to check it out.

He lay there by the pool wearing only sunglasses. This early in the morning none of the other hotel guests were up and he was alone in his nudity.

Behind his glasses, he secretly watched as a woman entered on the other side of the pool, faced him and removed her robe. She was neither tall nor short. Her hair was brown, curled at her shoulders. She was probably in her mid forties but in fairly good shape. Her breasts were medium sized with brown circles. She was shaved, her slit showing. She was carrying a bit of weight in her waist and thighs, but she was still a beautiful woman. And she knew it.

She walked, no, strutted around the pool to the lounge next to his, tossed her robe and sat.

"I am joining you, yes?" He didn't recognize her accent, possibly East European.

"Of course. I'm Carl. Company is always welcome."

"I'm Sondra." She leaned over and kissed his lips, her tits hanging just above him. He lifted his hands to cup them.

"No, no. Kiss okay, but not allow touch."

She lay back on the lounge, slathered on suntan oil. It seemed she gave special attention to her nipples, rubbing and pinching them. She rubbed oil on her thighs and between her legs, even into her crease.

He thought, 'I would have happily done that for her.'

"You are alone?"

"Yes. I mean, my wife is out shopping, wearing out a credit card or two."

"It appeared you appreciate my being here."

It was difficult to hide his erection. 

"It is difficult not to find pleasure in seeing a beautiful woman."

She lay back, enjoying the sun.

After a few moments, he decided he didn't want to embarrass himself any further, stood and dove into the pool hoping the water was cold enough to discourage his ardor. He swam for a bit and when he came up, she was sitting on the side of the pool. As he approached, she spread her legs, giving him and excellent view. He made it a point to swim to her side and rest his arms on the edge next to her.

"The water is cold?" she asked.

It was cool enough to relax his erection but seeing her legs spread brought it back.. "No, it's fine. Come on in."

"No, I think we go to your room."

He laughed, "Wonderful invitation, but my wife could be back anytime."

"She will join us?"

"I don't think so. I don't think she's ever been with a woman."

"I will seduce her."

"Okay with me, but I don't think finding you in her bed would be the best way to start a relationship. Your room?"

"My roommate probably still sleeping. We go see if we send her away."

Out of the water, he helped her into her robe and put on his. 

Alone in the elevator she opened both robes, wrapped her arms around him and kissed, pressing her body against him. He responded and pressed his erection against her. They held hands as they walked down the hall. She opened the door and called, "Monique?"

Monique came in from the balcony. "Don't yell. My head hurts."

She was wearing a sleep shirt that barely reached her thighs and her nipples were evident. Her blonde hair was tousled and there were bags beneath her eyes. She was heavier than Sondra; bigger boobs, bigger ass. 

"This is Carl. He will fuck one of us and eat the other. Which do you choose?"

"Neither. I'm going to go get a cup of coffee."

She went over to a suitcase, found a tee shirt and pulled off the sleep top. He had a view of her broad ass and glimpsed her large tits and their little pink nipples. She scrounged around the floor and found some shorts. She sat on the side of the bed and pulled on the shorts, giving him a quick peek at her trimmed bush. 

As she pushed her feet into her sandals and stood, she said, "Eat her first. She really tastes good when she's fresh."

As she left, Sondra asked, "You like a drink? There is Vodka from last night."

"What happened last night? You and Monique?"

No, sometimes, but not last night. We went to dinner and dancing at the taverna. I come back early. I awakened by voices outside and think Monique bringing someone back to room. I slipped out to balcony. They drinking vodka and being noisy. They fell on bed and guy began fucking her and she screaming."

"Why didn't you stop him?"

"Oh, no. She screaming, 'fuck me, fuck me, harder, harder.' If he hurting her, she enjoying it."

"And you just watched?"

"Well, I bring myself off a couple of times, just listening and fingering." She smiled, remembering. "When he left, I make ice pack and she hold it on pussy and I cradle her until she fall asleep."

She walked over to where he was sitting and placed her hand on his neck. "You like some vodka?"

"No, Monique mentioned fresh pussy. You have any of that?"

"It fresh this morning. You like a taste?"

"Yes."

She opened her robe, ran a finger through her cleft and offered it for his inspection. It was wet and he inhaled the delicious fragrance then sucked her finger clean. "Tastes like more."

She tossed the robe aside and lay down on the bed, her legs spread.

He tossed his robe and climbed between her legs and began nibbling on her nipples.

"You not going to eat me?"

"Oh, yes. Your tits are appetizers, like caviar before the champagne of your cunt."

He sucked and nibbled as she cooed and moaned. "Oh, very nice. I like. Harder. Oh, you bite it off, then what you have to play with? Oh, oh. Yes."

He felt her shiver, promising an orgasm soon. He moved down to her belly button, an innie, and tongued it. 

When he began kissing her thighs she begged, "Please, please."

When he ran his tongue inside her crease, she moaned, "Oh, yes."

He tapped her clit with his tongue and she shook and growled, he hoped with an orgasm. With his hands under ass, he lifted her up, spreading her lips. He nibbled on one side and then the other. He nibbled on the inner lips and worked his way back to her button. Again she shook.

"Yes, I love your tongue. There, again." She shook.

He moved one hand into the crease of her ass, a finger touching her anus, and brought the other around and inserted two fingers into her puss. He curled them up, searching for her g-spot. 

"Yes, Yes. There, that's it." She pushed up against his hand, his mouth. And she gushed. A delicious champagne. 

"Please, now you fuck me. Hard." She pulled him on top of her.

He had both hands on her ass, a finger stroking her anus. She reached down, grabbed his cock and pulled him, guided him, into her.

He did not hesitate, but drove all the way in with the first stroke.

"Aiii. Fuck. Me."

A request or a curse, he didn't care. He obeyed.

"Your finger. Push it in." 

Hers was not a virgin asshole. He was easily able to insert a finger but it was still tight. He pushed in to her ass as he drove in to puss.

"Oh, damn. Yes. Fuck me. Harder."

He had made love to Katie before she went shopping so he wasn't in a hurry. He stroked in and out. Leaned forward and kissed her tits, fingered her ass.

She held her breath. "Now hold me right there."

She froze and clamped down on his cock and he lost it, shooting again and again deep inside her. 

He continued to pump in and out until he softened and slipped out. He fell down beside her.

When her breathing had returned to normal, she curled against him and said. "Fuck me."

"I did, and I will, but give me a few minutes."

They both laughed. She left the bed, her fanny bouncing as she walked away and tits bouncing as she returned with the Vodka. She sat cross-legged on the bed and took a swallow from the bottle and handed it to him. 

"Recharge."

He took his swig, "The vodka's good, but looking at your body is going to help me recharge faster."

"Oh, perhaps you need massage?" She reached over and caressed his cock, slowly stroking until it began to recover. She leaned forward, kissed and caressed as it grew.

She set back and smiled, "It need to be very hard because I want it in my ass. Can you do that?"

"If that's what you want." You just damn betcha.

She leaned forward again, sucking and licking. Her attention and thoughts of her ass helped him get hard quickly.

"I think now." She knelt on the bed, her head on a pillow and her ass in the air. He got between her knees and placed his knob against her hole but she was still too tight. He ran his fingers down inside her puss, getting them wet, and brought them up and pressed them in.

"Oh, yes. More. Fuck me."

There was nothing more he wanted to do. He worked his fingers, stretching her hole. When it was looser, he again pressed his cock against her hole and slipped past her sphincter. He tried to go slow but with every stroke she pushed back, demanding more. When he was all the way in, he felt her finger touching his cock. Inside. She was fingering herself, rubbing her clit, tapping his balls. He felt it, all the way to his toes. It rose, swelling until he exploded inside her. He pushed hard and felt her shaking.

He continued pushing until he was too soft and fell down beside her.

He lay there, catching his breath as she lay across his chest, kissing him. After a few minutes, he kissed her and pushed himself up from the bed.

"Please don't go yet. We get it back up. Give me chance."

"I'm sure you could but I had best get back to the room. Katie should be back soon."

"When do I make love to her?"

He laughed. "I will make it a point to have her in the bar downstairs at nine. I will introduce you. The seduction is up to you." He kissed her and left her naked on the bed, imagining Monique returning to find her that way.

He returned to his room and showered, knowing Katie would smell Sondra if he didn't.

He was lying on the bed reading when Katie returned with bags and boxes. Shopping must have been hard work, because her tee shirt was wet around the neck. Her short blonde hair was curling at her neck.

"I found some really cute things," she announced as she unfastened her shorts and ran to the bathroom to relieve herself. She came out and began spreading clothes on the bed. 

She held a thong in front of her, "Do you like this?"

"Yes, you're going to wear that swimming?"

"No, silly. That's for sleeping."

"Then it's a waste."

"Why?"

"If you wear that, I'm just going to pull it off so I can make love to you."

"Oh, you. You're as bad as the salesman."

"Oh?"

"Yeah, I thought he was going to bend me over the counter and do me right there in front of everybody."

He raised his eyebrows, "Why would you think that?"

"Because he had this huge tent and kept trying to rub it against me."

"And you didn't like it?"

She thought about it for a minute. "I like that I excited him, but I didn't like his advances."

"What did he look like?"

"Oh, I don't know. Six foot, blonde hair, blue eyes, nice body, probably works out. But I didn't really pay any attention to him."

She had described him well for not having paid any attention.

"Was the store busy?"

"No, not really."

"Perhaps you should have let him."

"Let a stranger do me?"

"We're on vacation. Enjoy yourself."

She gave him a quizzical look, shrugged "I'd rather do you." She climbed on the bed and straddled him.

The night before they had been to one of the local dance scenes. The dancing was frenetic and the music was too loud to carry on a conversation. But that seemed to work for the young people there. They were interested in showing off their bodies, attracting attention, not getting know one another.

Tonight they went to dinner and he wore a long sleeved blue shirt and gray linen slacks. Katie wore a lilac dress cut low in front to show off her ample breasts and thigh high to show off her legs. Her blonde hair was loose, hanging to her shoulders.

After dinner, they returned to the hotel. The bar had a small dance floor and an old jukebox playing seventies sounds. The music wasn't loud and people were talking and dancing. He took Katie on to the floor and held her close for two songs before returning to the bar. They were having drinks when Sondra came in. She came over to where they were sitting and without hesitation, kissed him, surprising Katie.

He smiled, "Katie, this is Sondra. I met her this morning at the pool on the roof."

Katie's eyes widened. "The nude pool?"

"Yes. She is a very beautiful woman, isn't she?"

Sondra was wearing an electric blue dress that managed to cover her nipples and barely long enough to cover her crotch.

Katie extended her hand, "Pleased to ...."

Sondra stepped in, placed her hands on either side of Katie's face and kissed her. 

Katie was in shock as Sondra stepped back.

"And I pleased to meet you. He told me much about you."

"About me?"

"Yes, how you scream when you cum."

"Well, not always." She shook her head, trying to clear it. "He told you that?"

"And how sweet you taste."

"He told you that at the pool?"

"No, in my room, while I was sucking his cock. He has very nice cock."

"Yes, he does. I like it," still confused.

"And you don't mind sharing it?"

"Yes, no. I mean..."

Sondra kissed her again, this time embracing her.

"He not mind sharing you."

"He what?" She looked over at Carl, not believing, but he was smiling.

"He said I could make love to you."

"But I never..."

Carl smiled, "But you're on vacation. Time to try new things."

"No, I don't think so." She was still flustered.

Carl shrugged, "Excuse me for a minute," and headed for the men's room.

When he returned, the two women were standing together, facing him, Sondra's arm around Katie's waist.

"So nobody got hurt?"

"No, we are friends," answered Sondra. "We going back to your room."

"Ah, a threesome."

"No, you not invited."

They left him at the bar. Probably Sondra had suggested they go upstairs together to let him wonder what they doing. And when they were alone in the room, Sondra would kiss her, lift her blouse, remove her slacks. 

Yes, Sondra would seduce her. 

He was sipping his scotch when a woman sat beside him. "You have been abandoned?"

"It appears so. May I buy you a drink?"

"Yes, of course

He motioned to the bartender who nodded, and without instruction, brought her a glass of clear liquid. The bartender knew what she was drinking.

She was short, solid, without being fat. Her hair was dark and hung down in natural curls. But her face was not beautiful. The eyes too wide, the lips too pursed, the nose too aquiline, somehow, imperfect. She was wearing a light blue pleasant peasant top and appeared to not be wearing a bra. He could see most of her large breasts, and occasionally a bit of a brown circle close to the outline of a hard nipple.

She added some water to the drink and it clouded up. She lifted the glass and downed it in one gulp.

."I am Alinda."

"And I am Carl."

"Now will you dance with me?" She stood and he could see her full skirt, dark blue, down to her knees.

"Of course."

As they moved slowly around the floor, he asked. "Are you here alone?"

"No, my husband is over there." She indicated an older gentleman, a full head of gray hair, an open collar white shirt. 

"Oh?"

"He does not dance. And I want to make him jealous."

"And the woman beside him?" She was blonde, square shouldered, in a pink sweater chosen to accentuate her breasts.

"She is a new friend." They danced for a few minutes before she added. "And he wants to make love with her."

"And so do you."

"No," very emphatic.

"Oh, yes. You want to kiss her breasts, suck on her nipples and feel them grow hard between your teeth."

"No."

"You want to put your head between her thighs and kiss her, inhale her fragrance. Find her little love button and tap it with your tongue. You want to hear her scream with her orgasm."

"No."

"And while you're kissing and fingering her, he will kneel behind you, enter you, pushing into you, causing you to push into her. When your orgasm hits, you will scream but it will be muffled between her legs."

The music ended and they returned to the bar.

"Will you come with us? You can make love to both of us."

"What about your husband?"

"He won't last long. Then he will watch."

"It's a nice offer, but I have to go take care of my wife."

"You will tell her you love her?"

"No, I'm going upstairs and spank her."

"Oh, she has been bad?"

"Very."

"And the other woman?"

"If she's a problem, I'll tie her up and let her watch."

"You would do that?"

"Yes."

She raised her eyebrows, "What would you do with me?"

"Bend you over one of these tables and fuck you."

"And if I wouldn't let you?"

"I would have to tie you to the table."

She looked about the room, "These men would not let you."

"Perhaps they would if I offered to let them use you when I was finished."

She smiled, "You are a very evil man. Come dance with me."

They stood and moved to the floor. As they began dancing the bartender called him and handed him the phone. 

It was Katie. "We have a problem."

"Can I help?"

"Maybe. Neither of us has a penis."

"Luckily I do have one."

"Get up here."

He handed the phone to the bartender.

She tilted her head, "Good news?"

"That was my wife asking for forgiveness. I will have to go punish her for trying to send me away. If you hear her screaming, tell everyone it's just her having an orgasm."

"She screams when she does?"

"Yes, very loudly."

Alinda put her arms around his neck and kissed him, her tongue invading. "Thank you."

"I want to you to go get the blonde and dance with her. That will make your husband very jealous."

"I can't do that, not with all these men in here."

"How many couples do you see dancing? The women want to dance, but not the men. They see you two, they will dance."

"Perhaps."

"And when you dance with her, hold her close. Feel her nipples against your breast. Let her feel yours. Then take her to your room and make love to her."

"And my husband?"

Carl shrugged, "Let him watch."

She walked away and he watched her take the blonde's hand and lead her to the dance floor. The room became very quiet, no conversation, no glass clinking, only the strains of Elvis's 'Loving you.' The song ended and a woman left her husband and asked Alinda to dance. Other ladies joined them.

He smiled and went to his room. When he opened the door, the two were in the bed, both facing the door, Sondra behind Katie, her hand cupping Katie's breast.

He started toward the bed.

"No, wait. Sit over there." Katie sat up on the side of the bed and pulled a corner of the sheet across her thighs in a vague sense of modesty.

"She told me what you did today."

He laughed, "You haven't had enough time."

"Well," she huffed, "She showed me."

"She did? How many times did you come?"

"What? Oh, orgasms. Three or four." 

"Sondra?"

"I had more, yes."

"And she said you did her... in back."

"Yes, I fucked her ass. It was very tight."

"Well, she diddled mine with her finger...."

Sondra interrupted, "Fingers."

"Fingers."

He raised his eyebrows, "And you liked it?"

She took a breath, "Sort of."

"Did you have an orgasm?"

She hesitated before admitting, "Yes. It was nice. Why have you never done that?"

"When I tried you said No."

"Well, tomorrow, I'm going to take her shopping. She wants to meet my salesman."

"Good. Maybe he can do you both."

"Maybe."

"And maybe you can find a butt plug."

"A what?"

"Sondra?"

"Yes, we find. And maybe some other things." She smiled.

"Well, get your clothes off."

As he kicked off his shoes, peeled off his shirt, Sondra, still lying down, moved up behind Katie sitting on the side of the bed. He heard them whispering and giggling. When he dropped his pants and shorts, they both gave his erection a cheer.
