 For H, with whom I first wrote erotica...in recognition of what we never tried. 

--------------- 

He first noticed her several places ahead in the security line at the airport. She was late 30s or early 40s, 5ft 7in or so, shoulder-length dark hair, slim, with an attractive face. Well-dressed, tight expensive jeans, designer purple low-cut top. "Nice ass," he thought in that unconscious male way when she bent down to slip her shoes off. And when she stood side on in the body scanner and lifted her arms he saw she was stacked as well. 

Or else had been to Victoria's Secret. You couldn't be sure any more; lingerie could get a girl several cup sizes. 

She was sitting in the departure lounge for the same overnight flight when he got there after his usual desultory ramble through duty free...the single malts were almost always more expensive than on the street back home. His impressions were confirmed; pretty face, nice body, well dressed. He watched her disappear down the entry ramp when they boarded the first class passengers. 

"Mr Roberts?" The girl scanning the boarding pass looked at him. "Could you wait to the side please? There's a problem with your seat assignment. "Great" he thought, "I'm going to get bumped." He started thinking of the calls he'd need to make, the meetings to reschedule. 

"Mr Roberts?" The girl was talking to him again. "We're overbooked in economy. So we're going to seat you in Business Class. I presume that's fine?" 

The stewardess showed him to his seat and a pleasant surprise...the woman from the security line was in the adjoining seat, and she smiled as he sat down. "Hi. I'm Natalie," she said, leaning a little forward and holding out her hand. "Richard. Richard Roberts," he said shaking her hand. The seats on this model of plane were arranged in a configuration of head-to-tail, with a low dividing wall in between, which meant they could look more or less directly at each other. The seats converted into beds by extending the footrest and putting the seatback down. 

"Nice looking man" she thought, checking him out. Average height, medium build, graying hair. Slim, some facial lines. She put his age as somewhere in his 40s. She studied his hands. No wedding ring. 

They exchanged the usual pleasantries; jobs, cities, travel stories. He noticed her book and enquired...she was reading "50 Shades of Grey" 

"So what do you think of that book? I tried to read it but it seemed a bit formulaic. Really badly written. And I don't believe any intelligent educated woman would be involved with S&M. And certainly not with a name like Anastasia." 

"Oh I don't know about that," she laughed, "What woman wouldn't want to be subservient to a hunk like Christian Grey?" Anyway it's fantasy. Like that Mile-High stuff. I certainly don't think that ever happens." 

He couldn't tell whether Natalie was joking, flirting or deadly serious. So after a few more minutes of conversation he returned to surfing the movie channels while waiting for dinner. 

After dinner she went to freshen up and when she came back she'd changed into a skirt and blouse. 

"I hate the restricted feeling those jeans give me," she said, "although they do make my ass look good," turning to him for affirmation. 

Flirting. Natalie was definitely flirting. I can flirt back. 

"I take the Fifth," he replied. "I can neither confirm nor deny...the appearance of your derriere...in those jeans". 

It looked as if she'd removed some other restrictions as well. He thought he could see her nipples pushing hard against the thin material of the blouse, which was tight and unbuttoned to show the swell of her cleavage. "She's removed her bra," he thought and he began to feel some restricting tightness himself. 

-------------------------------------------------------------- 

The cabin staff turned the lights down and they set up their beds. Richard turned his video screen off and draped a blanket around himself. Natalie was still reading and it was another half hour and several more chapters of 50 Shades before she turned the reading light off, lay down on her back and pulled a blanket up. Richard seemed to be firmly asleep, so under the blanket she carefully slid her right hand under the waistband of her skirt. 

"I shouldn't have read that last chapter," she though. "It's got me all excited. I wonder what Richard would do if I reached over and unzipped him." She started caressing herself lightly under the blanket, her finger moving up and down her silk panties in little feather strokes. She could feel the wetness growing as she imagined taking his cock into her mouth, imagined his mouth sucking her nipples and his fingers in her pussy. Under the blanket she opened her legs wider, reaching further down to stroke the inside of her thighs and her slit through the silk. 

"Oh" she said involuntarily, closing her eyes. Moving her panties aside, she put one finger inside her pussy, imagining it was his finger... his cock... a large, hard cock she was sure - sliding into her wet warmth...maybe Richard was the one, the man with whom she'd join the Mile High Club. 

Richard stirred from his sleep, and glanced through half-closed eyes over at Natalie. Although it was dim, because she was facing him he could see her eyes were shut and her head was back. She murmured again and he could see the blanket moving. 

"She's dreaming," he thought at first, until he saw her hand was under the blanket. "My God," he realized, "she's touching herself..." and with this realization his penis started to swell. Still watching surreptitiously, he slid his hand under the blanket and carefully undid his belt and lowered his zipper. His engorged penis pushed against the material of his underwear as he began gently rubbing his cock, trying to be silent, all the while watching Natalie as she pleasured herself. 

...lost in her reverie, she imagined being on all fours, his large cock driving into her pussy from behind, her buttocks pushing back into his groin as she tried to take him deeper. She loved the anonymity of this position, the idea of being taken by a stranger she could not see, a stranger using her body for his satisfaction... 

Hearing Richard move, she looked at him... he seemed asleep. As she was watching, his eyes opened, then closed halfway... she realized he was looking at her, but pretending to be asleep. "Oh," she thought, embarrassed, "he knows what I'm doing." 

But the excitement was too much and she continued to rub herself, the tension building. She could hear him breathing harder and she realized he was stroking his cock as he watched her. "What the hell. I'll give him a show," she thought and with her left hand she reached up and undid another button on the blouse, allowing the inner slopes of her breasts and a hint of aureole to become visible. With the same hand she reached inside to cup her right breast, massaging the nipple with her thumb, all the while still touching herself under the blanket...she could swear Richard had stopped breathing, but his hand moving more urgently under the blanket showed he was fully alive... 

Emboldened, she touched herself more firmly, an "oh" escaped her lips and she arched her back, pushing her pubis forward into her hand and slipping more fingers inside..."oh" and she knew she was going to come. Closing her eyes again she choked down a cry as she felt her internal muscles contracting and releasing around her fingers as she gave into the moment. Drained, she sank back into the bed and opened her eyes to look at Richard. His eyes were wide open. "Did you enjoy the show?" 

"Yes...I did enjoy watching," he replied. "Do you make a habit of this on flights?" 

"Only when I'm next to men I fancy," she answered. Leaning over the partition she kissed him full on the lips, inserting a little tongue as well, "I came. And you?" 

"No," he replied "it would be a little...messy..." 

"I can help with that," she said, leaning over the partition further and slipping her right hand under the blanket. His cock, still engorged, responded eagerly to her touch as she grasped him and began to masturbate him through his underwear. 

"Ah that's good, "he murmured ,"So good...so... good..." 

"Let me know when you're getting close" she said leaning forward to kiss him again. She pushed his underwear down and released his cock, all the while stimulating him. It was perhaps the most erotic thing he'd ever experienced, other than the time as a teenager he'd been caught by Mrs Parkinson while going through her lingerie drawer. 

He felt himself swelling, growing even larger as she moved her hand up and down his shaft. Involuntarily, he contracted his muscles in pleasure, never wanting the moment to end, but the pressure was building, becoming unstoppable. 

"You had better stop," he gasped as his balls began to tighten. 

"And why, sir, should I do that?" she teasingly asked. 

"Because..oh god...I'm going to come..oh...I'm so close..." 

She pulled the blanked down and lifted his swollen cock upright. With a swift movement she bent over, taking his penis in her mouth, rolling her tongue back and forth over the sensitive tip, moving her mouth up and down until he spurted into her mouth. A second, a third spurt and some of his semen escaped from the side of her mouth. After what seemed an eternity Richard sank back, satiated, and she lifted her cum-stained mouth off his cock, "I don't usually swallow on the first date," she said, leaning forward again to kiss him so he could taste himself. She pulled the blanket up to wipe her mouth. Pulling her legs up onto her bed, reaching down she slipped her panties off, then leant forward with to hand them to Richard. "Use these," she said and he wiped the ejaculate from his softening cock before tucking it back inside his briefs. He went to hand her panties back but she declined. 

"Keep them as a souvenir of the time you almost joined the Mile-High Club," she said. Reaching over she caressed his penis again through his underwear. "Nice big cock. I'd like to feel it inside me, all hard and urgent," she said. "Difficult in a plane though - I've tried before. We nearly got caught." 

They were interrupted by the cabin lights coming back on and an announcement that breakfast was going to be served shortly. Quickly she buttoned her blouse and he zipped up his pants. " So much for that idea," he laughed. "Maybe," she said, "After all you do live in DC. And I'm staying a few days:" 

-------------------------------------------------------------- 

After clearing immigration and customs, they walked outside the terminal. "I'm heading to get my car," he said. "You know where I'm staying," she said, "and you've got my number. Give me a call. I think we'd have some fun". 

She kissed him before turning away and walking to the taxi rank, and looking back she mouthed, "Call me." 

-------------------------------------------------------------- 

A day went by, and Richard had repeatedly been on the point of calling. And not calling. So he'd taken out her panties. They still smelt of her. And of him. Lying on the bed, he thought about calling again. 

She was kneeling on the carpet, her full breasts half exposed above the cut of the black lace. 

"You're just going to sit there? I can see you getting hard." She lent forward and brushed her hand over his trousers, cupping the bulge, " A little problem?" she smiled." Clothes don't fit any more?" 

She took her hand back, drew it down the fissure between her breasts and down into her thong. "I'm so wet." Her fingers slid deeper. "Wet for you." 

"I know what you want. You want me to take that big cock in my mouth, to bring you to ecstasy with my tongue." She pulled her hand free, the wetness gleaming on the tip of her fingers. Through the lace she teased a nipple with her finger. "You want to feel the wetness of my mouth envelop the head of your fat cock." She grinned licking her lips. "You want me to suck that fat cock of yours, pleasing you with my tongue as my fingers caress your balls. Then, finally, you want to spurt your cum over my big tits. Am I right?" She smiled, slipping her fingers into the bra cup, squeezing her breast. 

"I'm so hot" she said, and her hand snaked back into her thong. She slowly began to masturbate, clearly in no rush. "I'm feeling the heat down here." she added, and sped up her pace, moaning softly. "I do like it when a man watches." 

"You're bad, so bad, wanting to come on my tits, my big full tits," she said. "You probably like to do that with all the girls. But a big hard cock like yours makes me all excited. I want to see cum, your cum, all over me. I want you to think of me whenever you jerk off. I want you to remember coming on my tits, next time you're alone..." 

Reaching forward with one hand, the other still in her thong, she gripped his cock firmly, rubbing the head with her thumb in a circling motion as he shuddered and jerked on the edge of orgasm. She aimed his cock over her breasts. "Cum for me. Let it go, big boy." She moved closer so his cock was poised over her breasts." I want to see you cum on my tits." 

The first jet of cum shot out, splashing her cleavage and bra. It seemed an endless eruption, the white tide splattering her breasts and throat. "You messy bugger..." 

He wiped himself clean with her panties, then called her. And put the panties in the laundry hamper. 

-------------------------------------------------------------- 

Natalie was staying in a Holiday Suite apartment near the airport. Richard had dressed for the occasion; nice pants and shirt, jacket and tie ...tie was a bit formal, so he left that in the car. He found her room and knocked on the door. "Wow," he said when she opened the door. She was dressed in a little back dress, tight across her ass, low cut so he could see the inside of her breasts as well as a hint of black lace from her brassiere. "You like?" She said. " It's like a present. Maybe I'll let you unwrap it later. Meanwhile...how about dinner? There's a decent restaurant a 5 minute walk away." 

He couldn't have told you what they had for dinner that night. They had several glasses of wine, and Richard was excited in anticipation of what was to come, his penis semi-erect for most of the meal. Sitting in a booth, in between courses he'd had his hand between her thighs touching her. And she'd had her hand down his pants. He kept thinking about those TV advertisements that warned you to seek medical attention if your erection lasted four hours or more. 

In the lift going back up to the hotel room, from behind he reached his arms around her to cup her breasts and she pushed back, her backside hard against his pants and his cock. He knew the elevator would probably be recorded on a video feed but he didn't care, kissing the back of her neck and nibbling an ear. 

The elevator stopped at her floor and the door opened. The two men there stood aside to let them pass, casting an appreciative look up and down her body as she swayed past. 

"They probably think I'm a hooker," she laughed as they walked down the corridor towards the room. "Is that one of your fantasies?" she said turning to him, "The hooker and the John thing? I'm very expensive you know. Or is it the threesome with the hot room maid you're hoping for?" 

"Only if she's your twin sister." 

-------------------------------------------------------------- 

She opened the door to the apartment, and kicked off her shoes by the door. Putting her coat down, she went into the kitchen . "Drink? Scotch - Talisker?" She took two glasses and poured a generous measure in both. "One of my favorite malts." 

"Sure," he replied taking off his shoes as well. He put his jacket over the back of a chair and followed her into the kitchen. Putting his arms around her from behind, he kissed her lightly on the neck. In response she pushed back, her ass hard against him as she wiggled it back and forth, his cock swelling in response. "Glad to see me? I know you're a liberal so it can't be a gun." Picking up the glasses she pulled free from his arms. "Let's go into the bedroom." 

She put the glasses on the bedside table and turned on the lamp. " Time to unwrap your present." She turned her back to him, "Unzip me." 

He slowly slid the zipper down to her buttocks, the dress parting like the Red Sea, the skin of her back appearing magically. He kissed his way down the spine of her back to the top of her cleft. 

"That's nice," she said and turning round slid the dress off her shoulders and stepped out of it. She was wearing tiny black satin panties and a matching black lacy push up bra. Standing up he pulled her close, tilting her head up to kiss her lips while caressing her left breast through the lace. She reached down, undid his belt, unzipped his fly and reaching inside she started to stroke him through his briefs. Still kissing her, he pushed his pants down with a free hand until he could step out of them. He pulled her close, his hands on her ass, pulling her mound into contact with his swollen cock, which was barely contained in his underwear. 

"Is that for me? All for me?" she laughed, reaching down again to feel him. "Only if you're a bad girl," he replied, "a very bad girl." 

"Bad? Like this?" she asked dropping to her knees and freeing his cock, taking its length in her mouth. "Oh yes...you're bad, so very bad," he moaned as she moved up and down, swirling her tongue around the head of his cock. She cupped his balls as she slowly moved her mouth up and down his cock and he moaned some more. "Did you wank imagining me doing this?" 

"You have to stop," he gasped "or I'll come too quickly. I don't want to come yet." 

She pulled his briefs down and he stepped out of them. "Bit small aren't they?" she said. "I'm guessing you wore them just for me." 

"I like to show off my dick," Richard replied. "Yes I know it's a bit vain. But I love it at the beach when I get turned on looking at the bikinis and my Speedo shows it all...that's why I wear one." 

Standing up she sat on the edge of the bed. "You can make me come later. Do you want to come on my breasts? I see you looking at them a lot. They're nice aren't they?" 

Natalie lifted her tits, the flesh bulging from the lace cups of the bra. "I'm a bit of an exhibitionist too," she said. "I like to show off my body to men, to get them all hard and frustrated." 

She reached behind and undid the bra clasp. As the bra fell forward, her breasts swung free like ripe fruit, large and firm, the nipples proud above her aureoles. She lay back on the bed and pushed her breasts together, creating a valley for him. "Put your cock in here," she said, "Fuck my tits. I really like the feel of a cock between my tits, knowing that it's driving a man crazy to be there, knowing he's going to shoot all over me." 

Reaching into the nightstand table she took out a bottle of lotion and squeezed some into the valley of her breasts and held them together again. 

"If you don't stop talking I'm going to come without even touching you," he said and leant forward over her body, kneeling astride as her slid his penis between her breasts and started thrusting back and forth, the urgency building from the delicious friction between her skin and his cock. 

She licked the head of his cock as it appeared on each stroke from the valley of her breasts. "Come over me," she said, "I want you to spurt your jizm all over my tits. That's what you want right? It's what all you men want..." 

"Amongst a big list of other things...oh yeah...oh god, " and he felt the point of no return approaching, the friction with her skin was so exciting, he couldn't take his eyes off his cock and her breasts as he thrust back and forth. 
