 My first attempt as a Literotica author so take it easy on me! All comments are welcomed, hope you enjoy...

*****

It all started innocently enough. I was a 23 year old guy fresh out of grad school and looking for his first job when I swung an interview at a nearby accounting office. That's when I first saw her.

Alex had already been at the firm for a few months when I arrived for my interview. The sweet 26 year old brunette welcomed me into her office with open arms and her happy-go-lucky attitude was immediately infectious. While I was a nervous candidate sweating bullets in my suit, she was all smiles with her hair down in a grey skirt and black blouse.

She wasn't a knock-out model type by any means, but would be described more as the cute girl next door type. She stood slightly on the shorter side at about 5'5'' with nice B-cup breasts that fit her perky demeanor perfectly.

Fast-forward two weeks later and I was thrilled to see my phone ring with Alex on the other end. While the job offer was exhilarating in itself, the idea of getting to see her every day was enough to send me over the top.

Alex and I worked closely together for the next three months or so, forming your typical friendly office relationship. Nothing too personal, but enough to get us through the long hours.

It was then that our boss popped his head in my office and gave me the big news, Alex and I, along with several other co-workers, were headed to Florida for a business convention the following week.

The idea of a three-day accounting convention wasn't exactly an event that got me wound up, but the thought of spending more quality time with Alex had me intrigued.

I packed my bag and headed to the airport and when I arrived at my gate Alex was already there. And although I had seen her plenty of times over the last few months, this time was different. It was the first time I had seen her out of her office attire. She wasn't wearing anything crazy, just your typical jeans and a black t-shirt. But the look did give me a glance at her terrific body that I had not yet seen before in her usual skirts and business suits.

It was the first time I knew I wanted to be with her as more than just a work friend.

After arriving and settling in, the group headed to the convention center where we sat through mindless talks of numbers and jargon, enough to send anyone over the boredom edge.

Around hour number five of the drudgery, Alex leaned over and whispered in my ear "drinks later?" "Absolutely," I replied, intrigued and excited at the thought of finally spending some time away from the office with my new crush.

We sat through one of the longest dinners of my life as more colleagues droned on about this and that for what seemed like hours. When the check finally came and we headed out the door, Alex and I headed back to the hotel. 

"Be back down in 10, just need to get out of these clothes," said Alex as we entered the lobby. 

I arrived back down fairly quickly, wearing your typical jeans and a polo. Alex followed shortly, wearing a nice pair of short khaki shorts and a grey v-neck t-shirt that showed off a little bit of cleavage.

"All ready!" she said as we headed out the door to a nearby bar.

We chatted about anything and everything over the next two hours, really hitting it off as we hung out as friends rather than co-workers for the first time. Around 11 we closed out our tab and headed back to the hotel, both a bit tipsy.

"Let me walk you to your room," I said as we made our way into the building.

Walking down the hall we stopped at her door where I said "Well I had fun, hope we can do it again sometime."

That's when she said the completely unexpected.

"Why don't you come in for a minute, I'm not quite ready for bed yet and I have a couple more beers in the fridge."

I jumped at the opportunity, grabbing a seat on the couch in her room as she went off for our drinks.

I could tell we were both starting to feel the tension in the air when it was Alex that made the first move. Kissing my neck just under my ear as she nuzzled up to me. I put my arm around her shoulders as she settled her head on my thy, turning her attention back to whatever movie was on the TV at that point.

As I stroked her back, I assumed that was as far as this night would go as a few more minutes passed with us lounging in the room. That's when I felt a stirring down by my now semi-hard cock.

Alex had managed to bring her hands to my belt, where she felt my 7'' penis through my jeans. I started breathing deeper and deeper when she rolled onto her stomach, undid my zipper and brought the tip of my penis to her lips.

She softly kissed and licked my cock for a minute or so when I pulled her up. Alex straddled my lap and leaned in close, whispering in my ear with a smile "I've been waiting for this since your first interview."

That's when our lips met for the first time. It started out soft before Alex's tongue found mine as they intermingled and danced for the next few minutes.

I eventually got brave enough to find the hem of her shirt, slowly lifting it above her head and exposing her nice, pert breast sitting nicely in her black bra. Alex then returned the favor, lifting up my polo as we both sat shirtless.

I then rolled her off of me, laying her on her back, and kissed my way down her neck. I passed her beautiful breast, kissing the top of each one before making my way down her stomach, to her hips, and eventually to her waistband.

She then helped me out, undoing her button and zipping down her shorts, pulling them all the way off until she was left in nothing but her black bra and panties.

I helped her up as we moved to the bed, dropping my jeans as we made our way through the room. Alex was the first to hit the bed, pulling me down with her as she wrapped her arms around my neck, pulling me in for a kiss.

After our lips finally parted I rolled her on top of me, undoing her bra to reveal her pink nipples for the first time. They were nice and pointed, her pink nipples already hard as I reached out and grabbed them.

She let out a soft moan as I toyed with her breast, her left hand making its way back down to my crotch, softly stroking my hard cock in the process.

Sliding down my body she pulled down my boxers, my dick springing up as she wrapped up with her warm mouth, pulling aside her hair as she made her way up and down.

She expertly moved her tongue around my head as I stopped her before I blew my load right there on the spot.

"Not yet," I said, reaching down to her pussy as she flipped to her back. I again made my way down her body, this time giving her tits the proper attention they deserved, taking each one in my mouth.

I reached down with my right hand, feeling my way to her panties as I moved my fingers just past the elastic waistband, feeling her hairless slit as she let out a gasp.

Crawling down I pulled down her panties, finally seeing the promised land and one of the most beautiful vaginas I had every laid eyes on. I kissed each of her lips, and made my way to her clit, inserting one finger and then a second as she started writhing her hips.

She let out several moans as I started playing with her clit, "I need to feel you now!" she said, pulling me up as we met face-to-face.

She grabbed my dick and slowly entered me into her pussy, both of us moaning audibly as my cock sank in for the first time. She was a bit tight, but the feeling was unbelievable as I pumped in and out of her moist pussy.

"Oh god! Yes!" she was moaning as we sped things up a bit.

She then jumped on top of me, riding my cock and taking control as we passionately rocked the hotel bed, surely waking up whoever was in the adjoining room.

"Oh my god I'm going to cum!" I exclaimed out of breath. "Cum in me baby!" she shouted back.

I pulled my dick in and out a few more times before I came inside her, Alex hitting her climax at the same time.

"Yes! Yes! Yes!" is all she could get out before we both collapsed, laying motionless on the bed.

I spent the night naked in her room, Alex clinging to me all night long until we finally woke up.

She leaned over at the sound of the alarm clock, gave me a kiss on the neck and simply said, "We better get going, looks like we have another long day."