 I had to fly to Vegas for a meeting with some clients. Vegas isn't one of my top cities to visit, but it's been freezing in Chicago, so I was looking forward to being in the warm weather for a few days. As I get off the plane, I can feel the warmth in the air on the jet bridge. Ahhhh, 3 days of warm weather, and since I'm traveling by myself, I can plan as much outside time as I want. As I'm waiting at baggage claim for my luggage, I notice you at the next carousel. Tall, dark hair, and I can tell you have solid body, even under your suit. I notice the ring on your left hand, letting me know you're not available. That's good, because I've been so horny lately, plus the glass of wine on the plane, I can't stop the vixen thoughts running through my mind. I think to myself, "Eye candy for my alone time later."

As I'm studying you, you look up and see me looking at you. My heart flutters, and I quickly look away, embarrassed to be caught. My bag finally arrives and I head out the door for a cab, glancing back at you, but your back was turned toward the carousel waiting for your bag. Good, at least you didn't see me looking at you twice. I get in a cab and head to the hotel, my thoughts returning to you, imagining what it might be like to kiss you, to make love to you. I'm married as well, but it's been a long time since I've been in bed with a man that really turns me on.

I check in at the hotel, requesting the highest floor available. I love to watch the city lights, plus I've learned it's normally a little quieter higher up. I change into jeans and a t-shirt, and check email to make sure the next day's meetings haven't changed. After flying and airport delays, I just want to walk around outside and take in the sights (and the warm humid air).

I'm waiting for the elevator, remembering the one negative to staying on high floors - long elevator waits. But the view is worth it. The light comes on, indicating the elevator is finally here. The doors open, and I can't believe it. You're standing there, getting off on my floor! What are the chances. Of all the hotels in Vegas, all the floors, and you're staying at the same hotel, on the same floor as me! Our eyes meet, and you say, "That's the second time I caught you checking me out. The third time there will be a charge." You smirk and walk away down the hall. Wow. Cocky, but in such an OHHH-SOOO attractive way. I was so surprised by the comment, I couldn't even reply. My heart flutters as the doors close. I'm glad no one else was in the elevator on my way down. I'm sure I was blushing and grinning thinking about the possible repercussions of your comment.

I walk around outside for a while, but don't want to get too far from the hotel. It's getting dark and I'm getting hungry. The thought of room service, relaxing with a little TV and wine, sounds great, so I head back to the hotel. As I walk through the lobby, I glance towards the bar. I see you sitting there, talking with another man who's back is to me. I try not to look at you, but I can't help myself. There's just something about the smirk and comment you gave me in the hallway upstairs, something about your eyes that keeps pulling me in. "Eye candy, remember, just eye candy." I'm hoping you don't see me looking at you, but you catch me again. You nod your head discretely, letting me know you caught me again. "Damn" I think to myself, "what is it about that man? I don't know anything about him, yet I want to take him upstairs and have wild, passionate sex." I head up to my room, thankful you were with someone and couldn't "charge" me for my third look.

After I finish my dinner, I turn on some music. TV just isn't fitting my mood tonight. The eye contact with you has my mind racing. I'm wearing just a t-shirt and panties. I let my hand wander over my breasts, down my stomach, and across my panties. I slide my panties off, and my finger starts circling my clit. Slow at first, then faster. My pussy is aching for you. My other hand goes to my pussy, with one, then two fingers sliding in and out, as my left hand works my clit. I imagine you on top of me, your cock sliding in and out of my hot wet pussy. It doesn't take long before my back is arching, pushing my fingers deeper into my pussy. Rubbing against my g-spot, I start to come. I keep rubbing the magic g-spot while working my clit, and have the best orgasm I've had masturbating in a while. I turn off the music and lights, and fall to sleep immediately, relaxed from my release. I have multiple dreams of you all night long.

Day 2 The next day's meetings come and go, and I'm relieved to be heading back to my hotel room. I'm texting while I'm walking to the elevator, so I'm not paying much attention to who's around me. I get on the elevator, along with a group of other people. I go to the back of the elevator since I'm on the top floor, and keep texting, not paying attention to the conversations around me. Several people get off on the 8th floor, and that's when I notice you standing there, staring at me. There's another man on the elevator, so you don't say anything. He gets off at the 10th floor, leaving just you and me in the elevator, heading up to the top floor.

"I caught you last night checking me out in the bar. That was number three," you say in that same cocky manner you did last night.

Staring into your mysterious eyes, I reply, "Yeah? You're gonna charge me?" I'm secretly hoping you follow through, because just looking into your eyes has made my pussy warm and wet.

The elevator reaches our floor, and you gesture me to exit first. You follow me down the hall, and I'm wondering where your room is. Surely it can't be this close to mine. I reach my door, and you're still behind me. I look back at you and you nod, as if to say "Go ahead and open your door." I don't even know you, yet I don't feel threatened by you at all. Maybe it's knowing you're married, or the look in your eyes, or both. At this point, I'm curious as hell as to what you're next move is going to be.

I open the door and you follow me in. You slowly corner me against the wall, inches away from me, but not touching any part of me. I have butterflies in my stomach, anticipating what you are about to do or say. I feel my nipples getting hard against my bra, hoping you don't notice how turned on I am.

You lean down close to my ear and softly say, "You're buying the first round downstairs in the bar." God, you're so close I want to grab your neck and kiss you so deeply. I'm even more turned on with you NOT touching me. Oh, such a tease. Then my brain comes back to reality. Wait! Was that an invitation to go have drinks together? Now? 

I softly reply, "I don't even know your name."

Looking into my eyes, you say, "Brian."

"Jennifer" is all I can muster to say at this point. I want you to pin me against the wall, kiss me, let your hands wander all over me.

I reach out and touch the ring on your left hand, looking up at you. You reach over and touch my ring as well and whisper, "We're safe. I won't do anything you don't want me to." And with that you open the door and say, "See you downstairs."

The door shuts, and I lean my head against the wall. Did that really just happen? The hottest guy I've seen in years, begging me with his eyes to fuck him!?! If he only knew what I was thinking, the thoughts of passionate sex, with my hormones raging through my body. I'm beginning to like Vegas more and more.

With my busy schedule during the day, I wasn't planning any nights out while I was in town, so I didn't bring any "going out" clothes. I decide to keep on the black skirt I have on, and change into a blue fitted shirt. Looking in the mirror I think to myself, "Not exactly what I would normally wear to go out at night, but it will have to do. Besides, it's just a couple of drinks downstairs, and obviously Brian isn't too interested in my clothes. Well, maybe just to get them off of me." I smirk at the thought of your strong hands ripping my clothes off of me.

My subconscious kicks in, "Easy girl, it's just drinks. You don't even know him. You barely know his name." I touch up my lipstick, dap on a little perfume, and head downstairs.

I'm relieved to see you already sitting at the bar, beer in hand. You're playing with your phone and don't notice me walk in until I'm a few steps from you. You smile and say, "Hmmm. I'm glad you didn't change. I love a woman in a skirt."

"Why, easy access?" I pop back.

"Maybe"

My stomach does a flip flop. Thoughts are already racing through my head of your hands on my hips, pulling my skirt up around my waist. The bartender breaks my thoughts, ""What can I get for you?"

"Pinot Grigio" I would love a martini, but I know I need something a little softer tonight. With these raging lustful feelings I'm having, I question my own decision making. I put $15 on the bar to cover the drinks, proving I'm following along in your game of buying first round.

We move over to some lounge chairs in the corner and chit chat a while about our jobs, spouses, what brings us to Vegas, etc. Through our short conversation, I feel like I've known you forever. After my second glass of wine, I go to the restroom and realize we've been in the bar for over 2 hours. When I return, I notice the waiter walking away from you with the bill. As I sit down you say, "I'm sure your tired after your long day of meetings. We should both head up now."

We make our way to the elevators, laughing about some joke you cracked. You push the button for the top floor, and lean back against the wall, pulling me close to you. You run a hand through my hair, resting it on my neck, and lean down to kiss me. I don't fight it at all, kissing back, our tongues exploring each other. Damn, this is the best kiss I've had in years. The elevator stops, and you lead me to my room, which you know since you were there earlier in the evening.

As the door to the room closes, you continue the kiss from the elevator. You lean up against the wall, pulling me into your body. I can feel your cock getting harder against my pelvis. My pussy is so hot and wet. Your hands slide down to my hips. My hands feel your firm chest, I can't hold back any longer. The wine fuels my courage. I unbutton your shirt, exposing your bare chest to my lips.

You whisper in my ear, "Remember, it's only what you want to do."

I look up at you and say, "Make love to me. I want to feel your hard cock in my hot wet pussy."

With that, you slip my shirt off over my head. We continue kissing and I love the feel of your strong hands all over me..... my shoulders, waist, back. Damn, you just unhooked my bra with one hand. I love that move, as I know you are well experienced and know exactly how to please me. You kiss on my now exposed breasts, and slide my skirt up to my waist, your hands all over my ass. You lift me up with your hands under my ass, and I wrap my legs around your waist, feeling your hard cock through your pants against my pussy.

You walk over to the bed and lay me down on the edge. Your hands slide my panties down and off. You don't even bother taking my skirt off, leaving it up around my waist. Not realizing I'm talking out loud, I say, "So this is why you like women in skirts..... easy access." You look up and just grin. Your tongue circles my clit and dips into my pussy, sending shivers up and down my body. It feels so good. I try to sit back and enjoy it, but I need to feel your cock in me, NOW. I reach down and pull your head up to mine and kiss you, tasting my pussy juices on your lips. As we kiss I unbuckle your belt and pants, releasing your cock from the restraint of your underwear.

I look at you and say, "You are so hot. I need your throbbing cock in my pussy. Fuck me." We slide up on the bed, and with you on top, your cock slides into my wet pussy. Ohhh, that feels so good. Even better than what I fantasized about the night before. I wrap my legs around you, pulling you closer, arching my back so you can penetrate me even deeper. I lose track of all time, enjoying the bliss of sweet sex with you. 

After a few smaller orgasms, I feel my body start to shudder. My pussy tightens around your cock. I say to you, "I'm going to cum. Cum with me. Let your cock explode deep in my pussy." I feel your cock get even harder as you thrust a few more times, filling my pussy with your hot juices.

We lay there together in peaceful silence. I roll over and put my head on your chest, listening to you breathe, feeling your heart beat against my cheek. It's a beautiful quiet in the craziness of Vegas. How appropriate.