 The bitter winds of late October made it impossible for me to walk with my head up. The phrase "excuse me" was at the ready as I made my way down the crowded sidewalk to the office building. My skirt was whipping indecently high up on my thighs. The long folds of my coat were blowing behind me like a cap, the top was clenched in my hands in an attempt to keep it on my body. As I burst through the doors of the lobby I was startled by the sudden quiet. 

With the wind not howling I was able to stop and take stock, making sure I had not lost anything in the dash for the doors. As I attempted to straighten my clothes and hair, I was bumped into from behind. I felt strong arms wrap around me in an attempt to keep me upright. The fall to the floor was comically slow and not painful. Gasping I looked up into a startled pair of eyes and mine twinkled merrily up at you, finding humor in the situation. 

" Are you ok?" you asked while trying to figure out a graceful way to get up. One of your legs lay between mine, my skirt exposing a bit more flesh than was appropriate given the location. Your hands moved to pull it down only to realize it was caught under your leg. You fumbled to your feet and helped me to mine. I laughingly informed you that I was just fine and handed you your brief case. 

Picking up my bag, I moved towards the bank of elevators that lined the rear wall of the lobby. I could feel the eyes of the security guard on us as we walked. You were walking quickly behind me casually saying hello to the guard as we passed. I reached to press the up button only to have your hand cover mine. I met your eyes and blushed at the warmth that moved up my arm. 

Your eyes widened as if feeling the same strange current of excitement. I slowly moved my hand away only to notice that neither one of us had actually depressed the button so I reached forward, only this time my hand covers yours. Laughing softly I closed my hand over yours and helped you press it down before releasing you. You grinned wolfishly at me as the doors slid open. You motioned for me to enter and we waited for the doors to close. 

Alone in the elevator I glanced at you under my lashes thinking you to be a rather handsome man. Your eyes ran up my body before meeting my gaze. I winked and asked which floor you're headed to. I pressed 6 for you and 9 for myself and giggled softly. The elevator moved quickly pressing me slightly into the floor. Just as we reached the fourth floor the elevator jerked to a stop, lights dimmed and went out. The suddenness of the stop caused us to lose our balance tumbling us to the floor. 

Sitting on the floor my mind started to panic at the thought of dangling up in the air with nothing to keep us from falling. I whimpered softly huddling against the wall. I felt something run over my leg and screamed. You quietly told me it was only you. You moved close and pulled me into your arms, rocking slowly as if I was a child. You started talking to me, telling me that we are safe, explaining the safety measures that ensure we won't fall. The sound of your voice calmed me, bringing me down from my hysteria. 

As my pulse returned to normal I noticed how close we were sitting. My legs were curled beside me, you on the other side with your arms holding me lightly against your chest. My hand fluttered to push myself away only to feel your arms tighten, holding me still. I sighed and lay my head back against you, hearing the beat of your heart speed up. I felt your lips brush my hair and I looked up, wishing I could see your eyes. A hand cupped my chin, the thumb brushing lightly over my bottom lip before your mouth softly claimed mine. The touch was feather light, sending tingles down my spine. 

Your hand moved from my chin to thread in my hair pulling me closer. You trailed kisses over my face before settling over my quivering lips once again. I gasped as your tongue flicked over me allowing you to sweep inside and lay claim. I met your tongue with my own sliding against it, you moaned as you felt the stud that pierces it. Getting bold I ran my hands over your chest stopping briefly to feel your racing heart before curling behind your neck pulling you even closer to my greedy lips. My muscles seemed to melt as you pressed me back against the floor.

Leaning over me you opened my coat running your hands over my hips and down my thighs before moving up to brush over my breasts. I pulled you down to cover my body, nestling you between my thighs. Your excitement was evident as it pressed against my own throbbing arousal. I arched against you and moaned. Running your hands between us, you pulled my skirt up my thighs, feeling that I am wearing a garter belt. 

You rubbed over my mound through the silk of my already wet panties. I writhed under you in pleasure. Your fingers slipped the fabric aside allowing you access to the soft petals. Feeling the moisture there, you moaned. I ran my hands over your back, then around to your chest. 

Moving down I cupped your hardness through your pants before pulling the zipper and releasing the button. Wriggling inside, my fingers curled around you eliciting a moan of pleasure from deep in your chest. Your fingers moved against my clit causing me to whimper in pleasure and need. I shoved your slacks and underwear down enough to release you from them allowing me to wrap my fingers around you. I stroked you for but a second when you removed my fingers and settled between my thighs nudging them further apart. 

Holding my panties to the side you ran yourself against me pressing the head against the wet opening to my desire. I arched against you, trying to pull you in. You chuckled and held me still as you entered me slowly enjoying the sounds of my moans. When you were settled deeply inside me you ground your hips. I tightened myself around you and we groaned together. 

My legs moved up to wrap around you as you pressed your lips back over mine absorbing my gasps of pleasure as you started to thrust into me. The strokes were firm and deep, the pleasure building quickly. I could feel my own orgasm starting just as you growled against my lips and started to shudder. I pulsed around you as you filled me with your hot cum. Moaning we lay together allowing our hearts to return to a normal rhythm. 

You placed a soft kiss over my lips before drawing away to straighten my clothes and then yours. We just finished getting ourselves together when the lights came on and the elevator resumed its upward ascent...

As the doors slid open on the sixth floor, you looked deeply into my eyes and hesitated as if loath to go. I smiled in return and wondered if we would ever meet again.

You stepped out and watched the doors close. My heart sank as I continued on to the ninth floor. 

Stepping off the elevator I informed the receptionist that I was there for a meeting with Steven Devering, the director of marketing. She informed me that the meeting would take place in the conference room and she showed me the way. 

The room was a large one with a large floor-to-ceiling window at the back framed with many different kinds of plants giving it an outdoors feel, or as close to outdoors as you can get on the ninth floor of a high-rise building. The table in the center of the room was of a pale oak surrounded by plush looking black leather chairs, four chairs lining each side with two set on either end. The smell of wood and leather filled the room. 

As the receptionist entered the room she introduced Steven Devering and his assistant Susan to me. While we all moved to sit around the table the door behind me opened. 

"Sorry to keep everyone waiting, the elevator got stuck between floors" turning quickly my mouth fell open to see you standing there. You stopped abruptly as soon as you see me. 

"No problem, Robert. This is Ms. Quin from the main office in Cleveland." Thankfully Steven completely missed the tension between us. 

"Robert and I have already met. We were stuck in the elevator together. Please call me Christy. Ms. Quin sounds too stuffy," I said with a sly smile at you. 

"I am sorry you were stuck that way, Christy. I hope it wasn't too frightening for you," Steven said with a worried look. 

"I was lucky to have Robert there to explain how safe I was. Otherwise I would have been terribly frightened. Thank you so much for keeping my mind off of being scared," I winked so only you could see, bringing a blush to your checks. Walking around, you took the seat opposite me and the meeting began.

I tried to keep my mind on my reason for being here but my thoughts drifted as I remembered the passion we shared just minutes before. You attempted to keep your eyes on anything but me as Steven continued with his presentation. Your gaze lingered on my lips. I licked them nervously and I saw you swallow. 

As Steven finished I managed to ask several intelligent questions even though I had hardly heard a word he said. Thankfully I had the printout to take with me to look over later in the hotel. Maybe tonight I would get a chance to think straight and be able to come back to the table tomorrow with an answer to his proposal. 

As we all stood to say goodbye Steven had a brainstorm. "Robert, why don't you take Christy out to dinner tonight. It will give her a chance to ask any questions she may have and it will be a nice way to say sorry for her having been stranded in the elevator today." 

"What a lovely idea, Steven. But maybe Robert has plans already this evening," I state, hoping that you will want to come but giving you an out in case you aren't interested. 

"Actually I am free and would be delighted to escort you to dinner. What time shall I pick you up?" You had that wolfish look in your eyes again. 

"Let's say 7:00? That gives me time to get freshened up a bit," I picked up my bag and shook Steven and Susan's hands. "See you guys tomorrow morning." 

" I will take you downstairs," you said as you held the door for me. 

Stepping to the bank of elevators I glanced up at you nervously. The elevator arrived and we both stepped into it. 

"You don't have to take me to dinner, Robert," I said thinking you might be feeling trapped into going. 

"I am looking forward to it, Christy. It will give us time to get to know each other better." A shiver of longing passed down my spine at the passion that was hidden in your words. Stepping forward you captured my lips, hungrily pressing your tongue deep into my mouth. Your hand moved to cup my breast, squeezing softly. 

I moaned in protest as you pulled away. " I will see you tonight, Christy," you said softly as the doors open. 

" You can bet on it," I replied and quickly walked towards the doors. 

Stepping from the hotel's large shower, I wrapped a towel around my hair and slipped on a robe. The room was steamy, since the shower I took was long and hot. Opening the door into the main room, I felt the coolness of the air on my heated skin. I heard the phone begin to ring and sat on the edge of the large king sized bed to answer it. 

"Hello?" I said breathlessly as I started to towel dry my hair. 

"Christy? I hope I am not interrupting you, I just wondered if you would rather have dinner at the hotel or would you like to go out?" You sounded as though you're nervous which I found endearing. 

"Tell you what, I have a large suite of rooms. Why don't we order room service and we will have plenty of privacy to discuss the proposal?" I was hoping I was not coming on too strongly. The thought of having dinner with you alone in the room seemed too good to pass up. 

"Sounds like a great idea. Is 7:00 still ok?" you asked. I looked at the bedside clock, seeing that it was only 5:30. 

"Seven or sooner works for me and let's keep it casual." I wanted to see you soon, your shy yet mischievous attitude interested me. 

"I am actually in the lobby right now. If it isn't too soon I could come up now," I could hear the smile in your voice. 

"Sure, come on up. I have to get dressed so take your time. I just got out of the shower," I heard you stifle a moan as you hung up. 

Smiling I grabbed a pair of soft stretch pants and slipped them on with an over-sized T-shirt. Who needs a bra and panties? Casual and comfortable was my favorite way to dress. Rubbing my hair with the towel I walked to the door and opened it just as you raised your hand to knock. 

"Hello, there," I said as I gestured for you to enter. You were wearing a pair of black slacks with a soft green sweater. You looked so huggable it was hard to resist. 

"Hi," you said as you took in my attire noticing the sway of my unbound breasts under the shirt. My nipples hardened under your gaze. 

"So what would you like for dinner? I have a menu," handing you the menu I know that what I want to eat isn't something I can order. As if reading my mind you glanced from me to the food listed there before looking back at me. 

"I am not that hungry yet. Why don't we go over some of this stuff and then worry about food." You walked over to the table set in the corner of the room. It had two chairs seated around it so I moved to sit on one seat, a leg curled under me. 

"Okay, why don't you give me a summary of what Steven was trying to say this afternoon? And we will go from there." Hopefully this time I will be able to keep my mind on work. For the next 20 minutes I was able to listen attentively to what you're saying and made notes about questions to ask Steven tomorrow. When you were through there was a brief silence. 

"Well, now we have work out of the way. Time to relax," I said as I rose from the chair and got the menu from where I had left it on the bed. I turned to hand it to you, not realizing how close you were. I bumped into you and your arms encircled me to keep me from falling. "We seem to bump into each other a lot," I laughed up at you. 

Your eyes darkened as they looked at me, filling with a desire I know is reflected in my own. 

"I can think of better things we can do with each other," you said huskily before softly bringing your lips to mine. Our lips parted against each other, slowly exploring and tasting. This kiss was the opposite of the heated one shared in the elevator. We both seemed to be in no hurry, willing to just take it slowly and make it last. My fingers tangled in your hair just as yours explored the curve of my neck, stopping to feel the wild flutter of my heart before cupping my cheek. Your fingers ran over the softness of my face then trailed down to brush the sides of my breasts, settling on my hips, pressing me against you. 

I could feel you were already aroused, the bulge of your excitement pressing against my stomach making me ache to feel you again. I moved my fingers down your neck to your shoulders rubbing them before running down your chest. I could feel the heat of your body through the softness of your sweater. I slipped my eager fingers underneath it reveling in the heat of your bare skin.

Slipping the sweater over your head left your chest exposed to my hands and lips. I pulled my mouth from yours and placed kisses over your neck, shoulder and collarbone then softly licked your nipples and smiled as they hardened. Your hands moved to cup my ass, grinding yourself against me. Your hands slipped below my shirt to tug my pants down around my ankles. As I stepped out of them you slipped your fingers between my legs cupping my shaved mound. Slipping a finger through the folds, you found me already damp with excitement. 

You crushed your lips back to mine filling my mouth with your tongue and your finger rubbed my clit. I moaned into your mouth, my hands fluttering to your slacks and undoing the belt buckle, then the button and finally releasing the zipper so I could shove them off you. Stepping away from me, you kicked off your shoes and stepped from your pants wearing only your briefs. I placed my hands against your straining cock, squeezing softly, feeling the dampness leak through. I tugged your briefs down so I could see you. As I watched a drop of cum pooled on the tip and I ran my tongue slowly along the slit licking it away. 

I smiled up at you from my position on my knees at your feet, then I ran my tongue over you again watching your eyes close and your lips part as you groaned loudly. I ran my tongue around the ridge before moving down to suck your balls one at a time into my mouth, rubbing them with my tongue before I licked my way up the shaft. Taking the head of your cock into my mouth, I sucked softly drawing you into my mouth slowly, one hand wrapping around the base, slowly I moved you in and out of my mouth, rubbing my tongue over the head before plunging back to the base. 

You moaned as you slowly fucked my mouth, your hands tight in my hair as if afraid I would move away. I could taste your cum as it leaked out and dripped down my throat. Your balls started to tighten and I knew you are close to cumming. I moved the hand from your hip, wetting my finger before I moved it to touch the tight ring of your ass. I can feel you moan in anticipation. I slowly inserted my wet finger feeling how tight you were. 

I stopped the movement and waited for you to relax around me. I continued sucking on you slowly then I finished pressing my finger up inside you, rubbing in and out slowly. Your fingers gripped my head tighter and I could feel your body tense. I quickened the movement of my mouth and hand, plunging down on your rigid cock and sliding my finger deep into your ass. You cried out as you spilled your seed deep into my mouth. I drank it all in, swallowing it down and licking you clean.

You pulled me to my feet and wrapped me tightly in your arms. Your face buried itself in my hair and inhaled the fresh scent. I could still feel the slight tremor in your limbs. Knowing I had given you such pleasure made me smile against your hard chest.

"Christy, you are amazing," you muttered into my hair. Your hands stroked up and down my back. You slowly slipped my shirt off my body leaving me naked before you for the first time. Your eyes took in my large full breasts. My nipples were hard and rosy. You caressed my rounded hips and pulled me against you in a tight hug.

"Robert, " I begin but you cover my lips with yours. Your tongue slipping inside demandingly. My eyes close and I melt against you.

You led me to the bed laying me down. My feet still on the floor. Leaning down you kissed me deeply before traveling slowly down my body. Your tongue, teeth and lips seem to devour my pale skin. I flush under your ministrations. I can feel the moisture pool between my thighs. I shivered as your sucked a nipple into your mouth and nipped it gently with your teeth. 

You stared for a moment at the glistening flower before you. As if in slow motion, your mouth covered me, taking my nub between your teeth and sucking softly. My eyes closed and I just "feel." Your hot tongue slicked up and down collecting my glistening juices. Your moans of pleasure at my taste were echoed by my own sighs of passion. 

"Oh baby you taste so good. I could do this all night." You dive right back in thrusting your tongue deep. Your hands holding me tight against your lovely mouth. For a long time you explore me. Licking and sucking my lips and clit.

"Oh, baby, yes. Make me cum. Don't stop," I begged as I thrust my hips against you. Your tongue thrust faster into me making me moan loudly. 

"That's it, Christy. Cum for me. I want do drink your juices." You sucked my clit hard and I shattered. My cries of pleasure vibrated on the walls. You were buried between my quivering thighs licking up the flow of cum you had created.

When my world righted itself I found your head on my stomach. You soothingly stroked my thighs waiting for my tremors to stop. Feeling my hands in your hair, you looked up and smiled. I pulled you up and our lips met. Your tongue slipped into my mouth letting me taste my sweetness. 
