 As the car circled the parking lot yet another time, Taylor found herself laughing despite her frustration. "C'mon, Ethan!" she giggled. "The sooner we get in there, the sooner we get out." She flipped a few stray strands of black hair over her shoulder. She sighed loudly and watched out of the corner of her eye as he stuck his tongue out at her. "For real this time."

Ethan smoothly maneuvered the vehicle to a parking spot right next to the door. "You're lucky I like you. Saturdays were meant for sleeping in, not 'extra credit'," he grumbled. As they walked towards the door, he fell a step behind her, watching her tanned legs as they determinedly made their way to the employee entrance. The lovely weather and sunshine ensured that no one but the insane would be at the office today, and the empty parking lot was a screaming testament to their failing sanity. Assured that they were the only ones around, Ethan's eyes, shining with lust, traveled the length of her body. He would never have dared such a thing under normal circumstances, but this morning he allowed himself to take in her gorgeous ass, cupped tightly by her little jean shorts, and firm back as she swiped her identification through the card reader. Her tanned skin shone even in the dimmed light of the indoors and he quickly followed her through the revolving doors.

"I'm just gonna get some water," Taylor called over her shoulder as she headed to the cafeteria. She filled her water bottle at the fountain and loosely tied her long hair back into a ponytail. The air conditioning was slowly drying her moist skin and cooling her down. Strolling leisurely to the back of the building to her cubicle, Taylor found herself desperately trying not to think about the fact that she was now in the office, all alone, with the one person she found herself so irresistibly attracted to. It was much easier during the week when about three hundred or so other people roamed the building and the phone rang incessantly. But today they were forced to come in for a last minute project, and there would be no one else, and no phones to buffer her desire. When he had picked her up this morning, it had been everything she could do to not drag him inside to her bed and make love to him.

She rounded the corner and found Ethan had already started. She allowed herself a moment to gaze at his soft shiny hair, and strong arms as he flipped through some papers. His expansive chest rose and fell as he breathed softly. His lips were wrapped around a pen, a habit she'd always found so alluring in him. Without even realizing it, her own lips had separated. Just as she found herself about to lick them, her eyes met Ethan's and she couldn't help but blush. "Let's get this over with!" He smiled jovially and threw an eraser in her direction.

2 hours later, and Taylor was relieved to discover they were just about done. Her hair had long since escaped from the elastic and it now rested down her back and across her shoulders. Her hand reached out for some white-out as she spotted an error on the report. Bringing her hand back in, her knuckles brushed against her bottle of water. Before she could react, it fell forward, water splashing across her shirt and shorts, and finally rolling off the desk and onto the floor. "Shit." Her hands in the air, Taylor's face stared down as the wetness spread across her rose-coloured tank top.

All Ethan could do was laugh. "Please tell me you didn't spill any on those papers." He laughed harder when she stared up at him with a menacing look. "I'm just saying, I don't want to stick around here for another couple of hours just because you're a klutz!" For the second time that day he stuck his tongue out at her.

"I appreciate your concern for the fact that my clothing is rather soaked." Taylor smiled as she got up. "The report's fine, but I've gotta dry off." She had intended to return his playful facial expressions, but when she looked at him, she found him swallowing deeply and staring at her chest. She didn't need to follow his gaze to know that her nipples had begun to harden as the water penetrated through her silky bra. Quickly turning away, Taylor headed off to the bathroom, her arms crossed over her plump chest.

Ethan's hands rubbed his face as he tried to get the image out of his head. Seeing her standing there, her fine breasts pushing through her top, that same shirt clinging to her skin. Even the spot at the center of her shorts had him thinking of other reasons she might have wet herself in such a fashion. He shook his head as one hand had traveled to his own crotch, slowly rubbing himself.

Taylor's skin was burning from the electronic hand dryer and she knew she wouldn't be able to stand under this heat long enough to dry her shirt. "It's not like anyone else is here," she murmured and pulled the shirt over her head. She stood alone in the bathroom, her tank top in her hands blowing under the dryer and Taylor's mind pondered Ethan's reaction. Well, he was a man, of course. It was only natural that a pair of nipples elicit such a reaction. It could have been anyone and he would have stared just as much.

She sighed loudly and turned to contemplate her features in the mirror. Sure, she was a pretty girl, but she'd been attracted to Ethan for several months since she'd transferred to work in his department. The buzz around the office that he was a firm believer that he wouldn't have relations with anyone he worked with. This had quickly quelled her imagination and she'd often had to stop herself from imagining him in elicit actions.

Something made a noise behind her. Taylor's eyes darted to the door but were stopped short by Ethan's gaze in the mirror. She stared into his reflection and gasped when his eyes met hers. Something in his eyes caused her to blush. She turned towards him, covering her breasts and silky bra with her still-wet shirt. "What.."

Ethan was still staring at her trying to find words to explain what he was doing here when her shirt fell to the washroom floor. He took in every inch of her as she took a few steps towards him, her perfect little breasts rising and falling with her nervous breathing. "Taylor..." he whispered. Ethan cleared his throat and ran a hand through his hair. "I have to admit I've been attracted to you since the day HR introduced you. And... dammit, I don't normally do shit like this. I don't want to come off like a jerk or some kind of fuckin' pervert but... " He stopped short as she laughed, a questioning look playing across his face.

"Ethan, it's ok." Before she lost her nerve, Taylor practically threw herself at him, her arms snaking around his neck and her lips meeting his in a feverish kiss. She was relieved almost to the point of tears when his own hands wrapped and splayed themselves across her naked back. His fingers found their way under her bra strap and dug into her skin. Her lips tangled with his in a dance of appreciation and her body pressed against his.

Ethan pulled away from her long enough to lift her onto the counter, her butt seated between two sinks. His hands caressed the soft skin of her shoulders as he continued to kiss her, sucking her bottom lip between his own. In his hands, she felt so gentle and fragile. Her femininity and fragrant scent drove him crazy. He could feel his cock pushing against his jeans as it slowly hardened.

Taylor's excitement rose as she felt him against her. She shivered with delight, reached behind her back and undid the clasp of her bra. She let the material slide down her stomach and arms as her mouth traveled the length of his neck. She playfully nibbled on his skin, leaving small red marks and licking them away. Her legs wrapped around his waist, the rough denim material against her warm skin doing nothing to inhibit her pleasure.

Ethan's hand tangled in Taylor's hair. Tugging gently, he pulled her head back and kissed her neck. His tongue slid down to her breasts. Licking each breast over and over, he didn't once touch her nipples. Wet from the water, and now his own spit, Ethan's tongue tasted every inch of her supple breasts, licking and caressing. As her nails dug into his shoulders, her legs tightened around his waist. Holding a breast in each hand, he squeezed and kneaded them. Taylor's head fell back and a moan escaped her lips. He kissed circles around each nipple, still massaging both globes. Suddenly, his mouth wrapped around a single hard nub, and Taylor's back arched. His mouth gloriously played with her nipple and he could feel it harden the more he worked on it. The other nipple suddenly found itself grasped between his thumb and index finger. He rolled it a few times, before switching his mouth to this nipple, and his fingers clasping the other.

Feeling his hardening cock against her own shorts, Taylor humped him as he worked over her breasts. She could feel her skin glowing with excitement. Never had she thought this was a fantasy she'd live to see come true. Her hands pulled at his shirt, wanting to feel more of him. She pouted as the cold air hit her now wet nipples, only to turn into a soft sigh when his mouth returned to its ministrations, Ethan's shirt now littering the floor tiles.

"I need to feel you, Ethan...Please." Taylor's legs grasped his waist yet harder and her arms gripped his neck. Ethan's hands quickly undid her shorts, and as she hoisted herself off the counter and against him, he quickly tugged the waist over her ass. His hands gave a quick squeeze before he placed her on the counter once again.

Ethan's mouth found Taylor's once again as her hands roamed over the front of his pants. He slid his tongue into her mouth and played with hers, her hands now unbuttoning him. Holding his breath, Ethan now stared into her eyes as she slowly unzipped. Her tongue ran over her lips and all he could think about was that she was more beautiful in this moment, than he'd ever seen her. He smiled and caressed her cheek.

Taylor blushed, then realized how silly that was, considering her hand was now reaching into his boxers. His smiled turned into a small gasp, his lips forming an O of pleasure as she caressed his cock. Ethan's head dropped back and he brought his hands around to drop his pants around his ankles. Taylor's smalls hands gently grasped the full length of his cock. Slowly, she began sliding her hands up and down. She couldn't help but watch as she felt his veiny cock sliding through her hands. Fascinated at how wonderful he felt, she brought a hand up to her face, licked it, then brought it back round his cock. Ethan watched the delight on her face, completely mesmerized by how enthralled she was to just be touching his dick. He hardened even more when her thumb circled the head, rubbing his pre-cum in small circles. His hands played against the inside of her thighs, his breathing became more shallow.

She continued to play with his cock, as Taylor felt one of Ethan's hands on her leg, the other gradually making its way to her pussy lips. She exhaled in pleasure as she felt his fingers brush against them teasingly. This brief touch and she knew his fingers were wet. She could feel herself dripping onto the counter. The anticipation rose within her and squeezing his cock, she looked up to Ethan. "Now," she whispered. "Please fuck me, Ethan."

He couldn't respond. To hear those dirty little words from her soft lips made his breath catch. He watched as she spread her legs wider and pulled him closer to her. Her legs rubbed against the back of his thighs and wrapped around him. His head falling into the crook of her neck, Ethan closed his eyes and breathed her in. He fell into her, his skin grinding against hers, and without assistance, his cock slid into her sweet pussy.

Taylor's body shuddered and her back arched. She sighed with complete abandon and pleasure. She felt his hardness between her legs, pulsing and sliding. Her nipples brushed against the hairs on his chest. Her body fell naturally into a rhythm with his, pushing and pulling their bodies together. Taylor's hands wove into his hair and she found her teeth buried in the skin of his shoulder. Ethan's own hands were now under her ass, squeezing and using the leverage to pull her closer into his body.

He could feel the length of his cock wrapped in her warmth. Every inch of him felt entirely caressed as he pushed in and out of her pussy. Her soft moans and whimpers only served to increase his pleasure. He could feel himself increase the friction as he pushed into her harder and faster. He watched her body react to his in the mirror and marveled at her perfection. She just seemed to fit into him so perfectly.

Her neck had become hot as Ethan's breathing became shallower. His scorching breath against her skin sent shivers over every inch of her body. The faster he fucked her, the more he began with small grunts. Between the noises and her excitement, Taylor could no longer hold herself back. Her back arched and with a loud cry, her body tensed completely. For a moment, she felt nothing and heard nothing, until suddenly she burst. Squirming franticly and humping and squeezing Ethan against her, she rode wave after wave of pleasure. She could feel herself cumming against him and couldn't stop her body from shuddering.

If he'd wanted to stop himself, Ethan knew he possible couldn't. Feeling her pussy muscles contract and clamp down around his cock, he exploded so suddenly and unawares. He threw his head back and exhaled loudly. Jet after jet of hot cum spurt right inside her and Ethan shut his own eyes as his cock twitched with his release.

Almost panting uncontrollably, Taylor relaxed into Ethan. She showered kisses across his face as he slowly came down from his erotic high. Her breathing gradually returned to normal as the sweat between their bodies mixed, just as her own pussy juices mixed with his semen. Taylor smiled against his cheek at the sheer pleasure of the feeling of his cock softening inside her.

"I want more moments like this," he breathed against her forehead. Suddenly laughing, they looked around at their surroundings. "Next time, maybe somewhere a little more romantic."

Quietly, they both cleaned and dressed themselves. Although it was mostly unnecessary, Ethan turned and allowed her some privacy as she washed up, although he secretly once more watched her in the mirror. He was more than pleased at the results of today's work and wouldn't ever think so negatively about coming in to work on the weekends.

Ethan pulled his own shirt over his head as he watched her do the same. His hand reached out, his thumb brushed against her lip. "How about we finish here, then go get some lunch?" He leaned in to kiss her as she nodded, and found it hard to pull away. The urge to undress her and start all over again was almost uncontrollable.

As she pulled away, he followed her out of the bathroom. Not even attempting to resist this urge, Ethan playfully smacked her behind. With a gasp, she shook her head then burst into laughter.