 Chapter 1 - Against The Door  

There was no doubt in Roxy's mind that she was going to get him. Or he was going to get her, depending on your point of view. The guy oozed charisma and had quickly settled any uncertainties she had felt. Smooth as, without even trying, and no wedding band or hint of one by a non-tanned shadow on the important finger. Not that she cared at the moment, but nice to know.

Her friend, Tegan, had been badgering her for weeks to get out from her home and to get some action. Just like old times, before our marriages crashed and burned, she had said. Easy enough for you, Roxy had countered, pointing out she still had a working set of knees.

But as soon as the words were out of her mouth she knew, Tegan had taken it the other way. That, Roxy thought, had been the deciding moment. When they had both looked at each other with shocked expressions and then burst into laughter.

"Knees to dance on - was what I meant, Tegan" Roxy managed after a moment.

"Well, I ain't getting on my knees for any damn man now!' Tegan had snorted back.

Years ago, she had confided to Roxy about how she had blown her way into her two marriages. Only to then watch as both assholes had later traded her in for younger shinier models. Down-traded in fact, since both guys were now living back home with their respective mothers.

"Okay," Roxy had acquiesced, "I'll do it. But nowhere noisy. If I'm going to chat up a guy I want to be able to hear his replies before I take him for a ride," she had laughed.

And now, here she was eyeing off her target as if he were meat on a tray. Meat that she had seen before. Two days ago, in fact, down at the mall where he had followed her into a dress shop. He had tried to be inconspicuous at first, throwing surreptitious glances her way as he perused a rack of blouses.

But when he knew she had caught him, he had turned the glance into an appraising stare that left no doubt in her mind as to what he was thinking.

At the time she had dismissed him as just another male wasting oxygen, albeit a youngish one in a well-fitting and expensive suit. But now, after three Kahlua Mudslide cocktails and her promise to Tegan, she saw him in a different light.

Their night out had started as promised, in a quiet cocktail bar at a local hotel, but then the band had shown up and sent the sounds of silence crashing out the door.

They weren't too bad, she supposed. And they certainly had a following, as the place had filled up quicker than an Apple store giving out free iPods. However, it wasn't for her and she had taken her second Mudslide out to the lobby bar to finish in the quiet. Tegan and her new friend had, of course, followed her out and she could see her winding up to nag her about meeting someone, anyone.

And then she had spotted him. He was every bit as good as she had remembered too. Debonair sprang to mind as he spoke to the concierge and then turned and saw her. She didn't know exactly what he saw in her, she was at least 20-years his senior, but he sure made her feel good the way he looked at her.

It had all happened pretty fast from there. As soon as he had noticed her he had left the concierge desk and come straight to their table to introduce himself as a businessman from Pittsburgh. Here for two weeks for an audit, and in not so many words - at a loose end each night. Which Tegan had translated and whispered into Roxy's ear to mean - looking for an escort and bed-warmer.

"Perfect for you, Rox," Tegan had laughed to them all. "She is a true local, Willyam. Born and bred here, so she knows all the good - and bad - spots to visit after dark!"

Willyam had joined in with the laughter and raised a discrete eyebrow in Roxy's direction at the innuendo. "I think I need a drink. Care to join me? My shout of course," he had said and then gestured for a waiter. "Glenmorangie okay for everybody", he had asked? "I do like a good scotch to wind down to," he added. "Oh and a bottle of Evian on the side, please."

"Make mine a Mudslide, please," Roxy said before the waiter had retreated.

It was nice out there, in the hotel lobby. The closed doors to the cocktail bar muted the band down to a pleasant sound that still afforded meaningful conversation. And the company wasn't too shabby either.

They had chatted for a while after that, sipping their drinks and lamenting the atrocious run the Pittsburgh Steelers were having this season as opposed to the Cowboys string of victories. Tegan had then feigned boredom with the football talk and grabbed her new friend by the arm to drag him back into the noisy bar to dance. 

"Gotta get my knees working again," she had said as she blew Roxy a kiss and disappeared through the door.

"Knees working?" Rylan asked. "Another innuendo I take it. It's what I love about older women, they not only know all them all, they are not afraid to throw them around." I find it refreshing, along with their, ah, knowledge," he added with a wink.

Taking his wink as a cue, Roxy told him the full story about the knee line and how Tegan had induced both of her marriage proposals with oral sex, including how she liked to hum "oh come all ye faithful" with sucking cock.

As she said the word cock,  Roxy felt an old familiar tickle course through her pussy and up to her nipples. She didn't have to look to know they were making a statement - and invitation. Willyam smiled and kept his eyes fixed on hers, for a good five seconds before he admitted defeat and switched his stare to her tits.

"I'm sorry," he said after a brief pause, but kept addressing her chest, "but did you mean, 'oh cum all ye faithful', as in cock-cum?"

Roxy smothered a chuckle and said, "a bit cheeky for a young guy. Like what you are seeing?"

"No."

For a moment Roxanne was taken aback, but even that flicker of humiliation served to make her nipples harder. Or was it the thought of cock-cum?

But then Willyam added, "I want to see more. Lots more"

Roxy hit him with her best smile, and then without a word, stood up and went into the bar.

Willyam sat there stunned. Where had he gone wrong, he wondered? He was sure he had read her right, and those nipples had agreed with him, he was positive. They had practically been begging to be manhandled, to be sucked and cherished. But nope, somehow, he had screwed up what had been promising to be something more.

Why had he let his mouth run with such a cheesy line - cock-cum! Fuck, he thought. She does innuendo and all I can do is talk to her tits and offer up vulgarity. Way to woo the women, Will.

Just as he was getting full-on into his pity party, Roxanne was back. "Okay buddy, we have thirty minutes before Tegs calls the cavalry," she said tugging on his arm.

Still thinking along the lines of a right royal screw-up, Willyam was slow to respond and had not taken in the full meaning of her words when he did. "Look, Rox, I'm sorry, I wasn't thinking straight when I said those things."

"Shut up and take me to your room, silly," she said as she tugged on his arm again. "A thirty-minute taster. You can do that, right?"

At last, Willyam's brain kicked into gear - overdrive almost - and he all but leapt to his feet. Leading the way to the elevators, he could think of nothing but a taster. What did she mean? He obviously got the thirty-minute part. Just time for a quickie, but taster? Was she implying there would be more later? He sure hoped so. She was downright sexy and ticked all of his erotic dream boxes.

Once the elevator doors closed them in temporary privacy Roxy kissed him on the lips and reached for his crotch. She found his bulge to be both impressive and growing. It was years since she had last been laid, but her body still knew how to ride that bike and she was not letting this one get away.

Who would have thought, she mused as she tasted the scotch on his lips, that she would go cougar? She had been thinking of an older man and coffee when they had first set out that night. But now here she was, armed with alcohol and no inhibitions, going the grope and slipping the tongue in on a younger man. A much younger man. Her pussy constricted and twitched in appreciation.

Conscious of his time constraint, Willyam disengaged from Roxy as they reached his floor and had his door-card out ready to go. The way she touched him, set his loins on fire and he wanted her, now. For her part, Roxy was hotter than she had ever been with her husband or previous boyfriends. She had never done a one-nighter, never even considered it. But this guy - wow.

He let her in first, but as he followed she pushed him up against the door. Slamming it shut with his body as she melted into him. Somewhere between the lobby bar and his room, he had lost his tie, and now she hoped he had a spare shirt as well because she was not sewing the buttons back on. As that thought flitted through her mind she ripped his shirt open.

His skin was hot to touch and touch it she did. All of it, over and over like she was reading braille. He spun her around and pressed her to the door as his mouth smothered hers. She tasted of chocolate.

Although his mouth was vicious on her, his hands were not. Despite his growing desire he caressed her cheek with the back of his hand and dragged it slowly down to her breasts.

Roxy was having none of that and she shrugged each shoulder in turn. With two deft flicks of her hands, her dress straps fell to the side and granted Willyam full and easy access to her breasts. They were old, used even, but she was still proud of them. And she loved the way men looked at her tits.

When she was young and a budding feminist she had found it abhorrent. She hated being seen as a sexual object, and she would give any man a stern word or two that she caught looking. But now, fuck it made her horny to see men watching her. She got wet when a guy talked to her tits and now she was getting a chance to act on it.

As if reading her mind, Willyam flicked his gaze to her now exposed nipples. "They are beautiful," he said as he stared. Watching them grow hard and poke into the palms of his hand. "I could stare at these all day long. And not just the nipples, I mean your breasts too, your tits," he added as he traced a finger along a visible vein.

"Tell me what else you would do," she encouraged.

"Fuck them," he said without thought. "Oh, sorry. Sorry. I didn't mean to be crude," he quickly added as he remembered his previous conversation to himself about innuendo versus vulgarity.

"Tomorrow," she purred in his ear. "You can fuck them to your heart's content tomorrow. Tonight, is the taster, remember?"

He almost came in his pants. The way she let the word 'fuck' just roll off her tongue. She wasn't all innuendo, after all, she had a naughty side too. That notion warmed him and he kissed her tits with eager relish by way of reward. Each in turn, and then sucked hard on the nipples as he thought about her words yet again. And then it came to him.

He dropped to his knees, lifted her dress in one quick motion and then he was there, at her core. With his head under her dress and his lips pressed against her wet panties, he was getting a taste. It was heaven sent, he thought. He nuzzled her through the thin fabric of her white cotton briefs

Roxanne couldn't believe this was happening. A young stud on his knees eating her. Could life get any better she thought as she brushed a hand against a hard nipple? God, when she had said "Taster" she had meant a quick roll on the bed.

A quickie, as Tegan had told her many times. In, out and away. The time to think if you wanted another round was when you were looking at the numbers on your phone from the safety of your own home. Never dawdle, was her modus operandi. Fuck em and leave em, was what she said after a few too many wines.

She moaned as she grabbed his head through her dress and rubbed him through her slit. He bit her clit by way of reply and she let go of his head. She wanted to shimmy out of her dress and bra, to let him see her body and play freely with it, but all she could do at the moment was think, Fuck, Fuck, Fuck! God, he was good.

Shaking her head and drawing in big gasps of air to clear her mind, Roxy unclipped her bra and tossed it towards the bed. At the same time, Willyam decided to take her panties off too. She thought he might do something with them and was a little disappointed when he just tossed them aside like she had her bra.

When he came up for air she kissed him deeply, getting a taste of herself in the process. His hands encompassed her tits while her hands worked at his belt buckle and fly. Her soft touch was making him harder by the second.

And then he was free. His pants and undies fell to his ankles as he grunted and lifted her hips. She giggled and pulled her dress up out of the way.

He lifted until her pussy was scraping his shaft and then dropped his own hips a little. She, in turn, wrapped her legs around him as he then rose and impaled her. Nothing slow there, he was hard, she was wet and they went together like a flower and petal. The feel of a dick filling her after such a long absence was pure heaven. Why had she waited so damn long, she mused?

Then he banged her against the door - hard. She didn't have time to gasp before he leaned back and thumped her into the door again. This time she did gasp and grabbed a fist full of his hair for good measure. "Yes," she cried into his ear, "Fuck yes that's good!"

His knees trembled as he thrust up and forward, driving her into the door like a wrestler. As she hit the door, he took his hands off her hips and placed them on her magnificent tits. He couldn't get enough of them and wished he could fuck, grope and suck on them at the same time.

Willyam's rhythmic thrust where slapping her bum against the door with a continual thump, thump sound, but Roxy didn't care. Besides, she thought, her cries of "yes, yes, fuck yes" were probably drowning out the thumping sound anyway. And it wasn't her room, after all.

Roxanne was squirming. She hadn't felt like this in years, needed, wanted and taken. It fired all of her synaptic neurons at once and she shook with energy. Her pussy twitched and flexed around him. She could hear the noise of their combined juices as they moved together. And above all that, she could feel his cock pounding her ass into the door.

Every detail of him was etching itself into her mind. The curve of his chin, the complexion of his skin, his taste, his smell, his soft but firm hands, his hard and wonderful dick and his thumbs on her aching nipples.

She didn't want the moment to finish; she wanted it to end in a tumultuous orgasm right now. She wanted to cum on him forever and he in her. She wanted it to be a moment that lasted forever. It was that exquisite.

He roared, she screamed, they came. It was over, wasn't it? Roxy knew she didn't want it to be. She wanted more of this than a one-night stand. She wanted his numbers, but for the life of her, she couldn't even remember what room they were in.

But her age and insecurities came crashing back in. She wasn't going to embarrass herself by asking for the guy's phone number. He had agreed to a quickie nothing more. She felt herself deflate. A quick fuck to please the old woman.

That was the reality she could not hide. She should thank him and slip out the door before he actually noticed her real age. What had she been thinking? It was Tegan's fault, of that she had no doubt. Knees be fucked, she thought imma smack her when we get back! 

"Thanks, er Willyam, that..."

"Will," he said. "My friends call me Will. And I know, that was a taster, but I sure hope you're coming back tomorrow night for the main course though. You are just awesome. That is, I mean if you want to? No pressure, that's not me, not how I work. You just have me flustered, is all." He trailed off, looking at her with a soft hopeful expression.

She was floating. Roxy had to look at the floor to see her feet to be sure. And even then, she grabbed his arm just in case. Tomorrow. He had said tomorrow, invited her back and all. He wanted her back. He wanted more, of her. Of her!

"Yes," she said, getting herself under control and running the last thirty minutes through her head. "Yes, I believe you want to fuck my tits."

"Oh, and more, much, much more," he replied as he snagged her bra off the floor and handed it back. "Do you need to use the bathroom before you go back down?"

"Hell no," she replied back with a grin. "I want Tegan to know I have been fucked! Here, you can keep these," she said as she tossed her dirty panties at him.

"What," she asked with a wicked smile to his shocked expression. "Did you think we were all innuendo and no vulgarity? Silly man."

"Until tomorrow then," he replied. "Dinner. At seven in the restaurant."

She kissed him and left him.

"Don't wear panties," he said as the door closed on the best fuck in his life.