 Chapter Three - Do Me

Willyam's dick twitched at her words, not only from the unexpected crudeness of them but also from their intent. It was an invitation to fuck her tits in an ungentlemanly fashion. The flow of his dick-drool intensified in an instant.

However, as ready to fuck her tits as he was, he took his time to do a thorough survey of the horny woman now spread out and tied to his bed. Starting at the well-manicured toes, he worked his way up, past a pair of knobby knees to her dripping pussy.

He could see her excitement there plain and simple, she was beyond wet and her clitoris was pulsing with each throb of her heart and squirm of her bottom. The lips of her pussy were covered with a delightful sheen.

Fighting back the urge to touch and sniff, he continued his appraisal. Her tits were, as he had suspected, natural and well cared for. They had seen very little bra-less hippy, swing free days. The girls had been well treated.

Willyam rewarded her efforts by kissing the closest nipple before sucking hard on it as he straightened. It left his mouth with a soft wet pop that was accompanied by a low moan from Roxy and a violent thrash and tug at her bonds. 

At last, he looked at her face, studying the set of her cheekbones and the small dimple in her chin. Her eyes, which had spoken of passion and lust as well as knowledge over dinner, now held an angry frustrated glare. He chuckled and smoothed her long brunette hair to the side and then bit her on the earlobe.

Roxy twisted her torso and grumbled a loud "harumph" to his face. Her body flexed and bucked in either another attempt at freedom or some form of contact. He couldn't be sure, but the way she turned the harumph into moans seemed to indicate the latter. Willyam brushed her cheek with his hand and ran a thumb over her lips.

Not trusting herself to speak, without uttering further vulgarity, Roxy let her soft moans indicate her desire. But when he stroked her lips with his thumb, she couldn't resist sucking on it as if it were another part of his anatomy. She wanted him to do something besides stare and touch!

The eroticism of her thumb sucking was not lost on Willyam, and he reached to caress a nipple with his free hand. He couldn't get enough of her, but he was not sure if he could handle all of her. She was a deceptive ball of surprises - a kitten and tiger packaged as one. And for the moment, at least, she had stopped thrashing like a wildcat.

"There, he soothed," as if talking to a child, "that's better. I like it when your nipples look like pencil tip erasers." So, inviting, so fuckable." But he didn't follow his words with the wanted action. He teased her some more.

He trailed his fingers across her body. Drawing lines with the tip of his finger as he explored her. No bud, nub or lobe was left untouched, no crevice was spared by this detailed inspection of her. He was thorough, meticulous and annoyingly slow. 

It left Roxanne panting, frustrated and very, very wet. She bit her tongue, least her potty mouth ran wild and got her in more trouble. Instead, she wobbled her tits at him and hoped he would get the message that her previous moans had not managed to convey.

When still he hesitated, Roxy dropped her chin to her chest and said, "Fuck em," through clenched lips. Her body was betraying her. Her nipples, her pussy, and her potty mouth were all conspiring against her better judgment. 

"Who would have thought a couple of silk ties could have such an effect on me," she whispered. 

Ignoring Roxanne to complete his survey, Willyam made some adjustments to the pillows. A couple he placed behind her head, so she could watch him titty-fuck her - and catch his cum on her face, he admitted to himself. Another he slid under her bum, raising her hips and making a saddle for him to ride in.

"God, you're beautiful," he said as he mounted her and wriggled his bottom. "Are you okay with this?"

Fuck yes. Of course, I'm fucking okay with this. I can see your cock, smell your drool, and feel your asshole on my belly. Stopping pissing around and start fucking dick-wad, she thought in a flash but said, "Yes, I'm good," and added a silent, thanks.

He stooped forward, took his cock in hand and wiped his dick-drool over each nipple. Straightening, he then arched his back and milked the tip of its clear slippery fluid onto her breasts. Roxy could feel the warm stuff trickling its way around her tits. She whimpered.

Satisfied, Willyam cupped the sides of each breast, pressing them around his dick. It was soft, warm and as slippery as fuck. He started to rub himself between them. Slow at first, but when he went faster his dick would pop out from her fleshy embrace. 

He shifted and wiggled his ass closer to her tits, but no matter what he did it wasn't going to work. If he wanted to fuck her tits the proper way, sadly she was going to have to help, she had to push them together with her own hands.

From the moment he first saw her in that dress shop this had been his dream. To have her tits wrapped around his cock with Roxy, tied to the bed but wet and compliant, just waiting for him to spurt on her pretty face.

"Need some help, lover boy?" she asked in her best coy voice. There,  she thought, that's the sweet helpful me that I know. No cussing required. 

Willyam shrugged, pressed his chest to her face, and with quick deft twists free her hands. Freed, Roxy held his cheeks in her hands and kissed him hard. She wanted this too and was willing to help. She rested her head back on the pillows and grabbed a tit in each hand.

Not wanting to let his dream titty-fuck escape from his control, Willyam slid his ass back down Roxy's belly and set himself to fucking the shit out of her tits. With her pressing them together and thus trapping his cock in her bosoms, he achieved a quick forward and back rhythm. His rate of dick-drool intensified.

The squishy sound he made at each stroke excited them both and she squeezed her rack tighter around his shaft. She could see he wouldn't last long.

"Fuck" he said. "Fuckkk!" As Roxy strained forward and brushed the tip of her tongue across his knob.

Roxanne settled back into the pillow and smiled, knowing the damage had been done. He jerked and arched his back as she lay two fingers on the top of his shaft. Her belly felt him clench his cheeks and she opened her mouth in anticipation. Something else I never did as the dutiful wife,  she thought as his first spasm shot a wad of hot cum over her nose and forehead.

She blinked and then opened her mouth wider to catch his next spurts on her tongue. He followed them with his dick, slipping it into her mouth as he rode out his orgasm. "Fuck, Rox, fuck!" 

She touched his anus and giggled around his shaft. It was all she could do really trapped under him and with legs still tied to the bed. 

The scent of male sex surrounded her in much the same way her tits had enfolded his dick. She liked it. Loved it in fact, and she couldn't wait for the next bit of action.

Straining forward, she took his whole shaft down her throat as he deflated. Gobbing and tonguing him until he was spent and flaccid. Somehow being restrained had loosened all of her inhibitions. She felt like a slut, a free-meal-whore really. It made her pussy twitch with desire.

Willyam remained on her and in her longer than she expected, but she was not complaining. At least not in a way that he could see, given the way he was facing. If he turned around though and just brushed her clit with a breath of air, he would have noticed her body was complaining and needed urgent attention.

Never before had Roxy wanted to be fucked so much? She coveted cock and wanted his in the right place right now. It was very frustrating, and she knew she would be begging for it if it weren't for the fact that said cock was stuffed in her mouth right now.

Sensing her needs, Willyam asked, "Does my little lady friend want something?"

".ah..ont uh..ock. ..n ..mm ..oosy" she managed after a moment.

However, when at last he did withdraw, Roxy's first words were, "Lady-friend?" What the fuck's that supposed to mean asshole?" She thrashed her bound feet around in a little hissy fit.

But Willyam knew. Before he had pulled his cock free he had understood her previous request, and exactly what she wanted where. Reaching out a placating hand, he caressed a nipple back to hardness; which in reality took just one feather-touch of a thumb.

Once again she bucked her hips in frustration. He rewarded this effort by slipping two fingers into her wet slit and then using his thumb on her clitoris to push her bum back down onto the pillow. But she he chased his fingers and thump with her pelvis as he took his hand away.

Willyam smiled as he relented and eased his fingers back inside of her and let his thumb play with her pulsing button.

Roxy fought the urge to be vulgar and shower him with nasty expletives that told him what to do in no uncertain manner. It was so unlike her, so not the way a lady behaved. But she wanted to please him and she could tell dirty words excited Willyam.

Because,  she thought, if he asked right this instant, I would say yes to that sodden panty gag. Hell, I would probably say yes to anal later on, if he would just mount me and fuck me right now. 

"Fuck me," she said before she could hold the words in. "Please. Don't make me beg."  Damn, she thought, why did I say that?

"Hmm. And exactly how would you beg, what would you offer me for the pleasure?"

Fuck. Me and my mouth. "I. I um... You could - "

"No, don't say it. I shouldn't have asked. Forgive me, please" he offered, as he fingered her with his other hand. "I already know you want my dick in your pussy."

With that, he clambered back on to the bed, between her knees. He sniffed and licked his fingers. Then he shuffled forward and with great tenderness slid his dick between her lips and sank it home to join them as one.

At first, he lay all with all his weight pressing down her. Then warm slippery fingers and hands eased between their chests as he sought out and claimed her tits. He pressed his lips to hers and she tongued him with loving care. Care he was not showing her, as he pulled away from her mouth and straightened his arms.

She gasped for air and pushed up against his chest as he squeezed her tits, arched his back and pounded into her. This is what she wanted, had asked for, and she loved every inch of him even as she fought for breath. A small tremble coursed through her body as she had a mini-orgasm.

Willyam fucked faster, not relenting on his grasp around her boobs as he treated them like handles to pull himself deeper into her. At last, he let go and used the bed for support. Roxy sucked in grateful gasps of air as she fucked back; bucking like a bull and smacking her hips against his as they made like rabbits.

He kissed her hard and slid his arms down hers and then arched his back and straightened. She immediately groped his chest. Felling his rippling muscles as they fucked. She moved her head forward and kissed he skin, his nipples and the nape of his neck.

And he left her. Slid out and off as he returned the favor and kissed his way down past her chest, over her belly button and between her lips. He was tasting them, and she thrilled to the feel of it. Then he freed her legs and flopped down beside her on his back.

Roxy wasted no time and flipped over to straddle him. She slid her wet center over his hard cock and bounced. Willyam went straight to her tits. Thumbing them, kissing them and sucking hard on the nipples as she rocked and rolled and fucked for them both.

How long it took, she didn't know. Nor how much noise they made, or how they each lasted so long before ecstasy enfolded them in her embrace. They came together and she creamed his balls. Rolling away from the wet spot when utterly spent. Housekeeping would be turning their noses up at tomorrow, she thought but didn't much care. First world problem!  she chuckled.

A thought crept into her mind as they lay panting and catching their breath. Tomorrow afternoon, while Tegan is away visiting her daughter, I can use her spare key and repeat the last hour in Tegan's master bedroom. Only this time HE will be the one tied up. Let her come home to the smell sex and know what we have done,  she said added to her plan with a smirk.

"Why the wicked smile?" Willyam asked. "If I had to guess I would say you were planning evil?"

"I am," she admitted and gave him a brief outline.

"With the ties again?" he asked in a hopeful voice. "Either way, I will be at your, ah, disposal," he chuckled. "I can take the afternoon off for sure!"

"Nah, too easy. I think I will restrain you with her pantyhose!" she said laughing.

Shit, she thought, did I just invite him Tegan's house for wild tied up sex? Oh, girl, you have lost your mind.  She rolled over and slipped down to his limp cock taking it into her mouth and teasing him back to hardness for another round.