 I used to travel a lot when I was moved from the Engineering department into Sales. I had that rare combination of technical skills but also the ability to communicate unlike some of my fellow workers. We were sent to corporate training facilities and would go for 2 to 4 weeks and went through training every day including Saturdays and Sundays. 

We had corporate housing in a large condo development owned by the company. It was fun in the summertime with several pools and sand volleyball courts spaced throughout the development. We were now in the second weekend of training and the company had sprung for Margarita stations, kegs of beer, a DJ and barbecue for the Saturday evening. 

Lights were coming on around the pool and volleyball pit as the sun went down on a gorgeous summer evening. Most of us were getting slightly drunk after all the sweating and drinking in the July sun so the dozen or so remaining headed for the pool. We hung out and drank and chatted and soon there were six of us, including Sarah and Amy – two girls from the Atlanta office I had become friends with. I was almost certain the two guys with us were attracted to them and maybe even were fooling around. John was from the Houston office and had been obviously flirting with me during the week. He knew I was married but I found out that a lot of cheating went on during these weeks away from home.

It was now almost midnight so we filled pitchers with the remaining margaritas and carried them off. Sarah and I were in the same two-bedroom condo and had a great view over the lake and golf course so we invited Amy and the three guys back to our condo if they wanted. Steve and Amy begged off but John and Walt (he was in the Omaha office) came back. 

I went in to my room for a cover-up to put over my bikini and then Sarah and I went into the kitchen to cut some cheese for crackers to snack on. She teased me about John, telling me that he was mine for the taking. I smiled and went back to the deck with snacks and drinks on a tray. 

The two loveseats on the covered porch left me sitting next to John. My mind raced thinking about having sex with someone new. I was physically attracted to his body I found, especially in the margarita – induced state that made me slightly drunk and definitely horny. I was planning on a quiet masturbation session later that night when I went to bed. 



We listened to music and Sarah urged us to dance a couple of slow ones. I was hesitant but she was insistent and after a bit I felt silly sitting there watching them. I pulled John and up and joined them. I had to admit his body against mine felt yummy. His dark skin against mine was visually exciting. His shoulders and chest were well developed and his stomach taut. I was fairly certain I could feel a bulge through his swimming trunks as we danced. Dancing has always been a type of foreplay with me and this was no different. I could feel a slight increase in my heart rate and tingling between my legs as my nipples hardened under the bikini top. After 4 or 5 songs we retreated into the living room and flipped on the oldies station out of Atlanta.

Suddenly Sarah announced she was calling it a night and grabbed Walt's hand to lead him away. I felt like I had been set-up. This was certainly awkward now with just the two of us and me tugging with my conscience and my hunger for sex.

I guessed John sensed the moment as I noticed his hand had strayed to my leg just below where the oversized white shirt draped. I glanced from my legs to his face and he was watching my reaction. I gave him a kind of nervous look that said neither yes nor no. But he noticed that I did not push his hand away. The room seemed to be spinning now as I heard some song by Meat Loaf playing in the background. The only light in the room came from the muted television and from the spillover from the kitchen as we sat at the end of this sofa alone.

He watched my face as his fingertips lightly touched the front of my shoulders. Again he watched and I gave him a neutral reaction. He did both sides very slowly and I guess was waiting to see if I objected. He began to press at the base of my throat now and palms were flat on my upper chest just above my cleavage. Moving downward and slightly over his palm now rested on the top of my breast. He lifted his hand up slightly and I thought he was backing off since I was not exactly encouraging this, but then I watched as he tenderly cupped my breast in his hand. I felt his fingertip tracing around my nipple. I moaned with pleasure, giving him the green light he wanted. My breasts are a very sensitive part of my body and my nipples especially so. I moaned once more and slid my hand down his shorts. I knew I wanted to fuck.

I pulled his face to mine and his tongue went deeply into my mouth while his strong black hands roamed my body. He unbuttoned the last few buttons on my blouse and pulled it off my shoulders. He reached behind and unhooked my top and pulled it free of my tits. His once gentle touches now turned into a mauling of my tits as my moans came rushing out. I was getting more and more excited. Then he tugged the bikini bottom down and off my legs. 

He pulled away from me and stripped off his t-shirt. He had muscles bulging everywhere, a deep broad chest and the most muscular thighs imaginable. I reached over and pulled down his shorts and could hardly believe my eyes when that black cock – fully erect - leapt out. He dropped back on the sofa next to me and I slid the dome into my mouth. I licked and sucked as he grabbed my tits hanging down. As much as I wanted to feel him squirting into my mouth, I was really just crazy with desire to watch it slide into my pussy. As if reading my mind, John pulled me off his cock and turned me over on my stomach. 

Men have viewed my ass as my best asset and he was no different. His tongue licked the crack of my ass from one end to the other before he plunged his tongue into it, which was already slick with juices from my pussy. I grabbed a pillow and slid it under me to prop my ass up a bit higher as I felt his strong hands grabbing my ass cheeks as he licked me deeper. 

A pause in the tonguing caused me to turn around and I watched with lust as he positioned his mammoth cock for entry. He introduced the head to my pussy and sunk the entire length into me in one easy movement. I was shocked that I had taken him so easily. Once it was fully home he began a slow fuck motion which allowed me to see his shaft slick with my juices. 

As he pumped me from behind, I reached with my fingers back to my pussy and rubbed myself while he fucked me. This was going to be quick. My body was receptive to my touches and his plunges and I felt my orgasm building as I begged him to fuck me harder. I rubbed my clit, urging him on. Let it come baby I panted. Soon I was hitting my climax and knew he would soon follow. 

I turned to watch the muscles in his neck, chest and shoulders tighten and then he moaned loudly and I felt him unloading deep inside me. With a final few thrusts he gasped and dropped his entire weight on me and I felt the sweat from his body mingle with my own. We seemed to lie there forever but it was only a couple of minutes and he slowly extracted his still hard cock from my pussy.

However, that was only the beginning of the night. I stood up and took his hand and led him into my bedroom where I turned on the shower where we soaped each other's bodies before he led me to the bathroom vanity in front of the mirror....I asked him to wait while I went into my dresser for some lingerie and to get my camera. But that is another story.