 When the boss told me I HAD to make this business trip, I dreaded it from the start. Until I noticed you when I checked into the hotel. Your suite is right next door to mine. I lay in bed last night wondering what you were doing on the other side of that connecting door. As I lay there thinking about how it would feel if it were your hand between my legs and not mine. Yours strong fingers working their way into my tight pussy. My pussy juices running down your fingers. I am sure I would have gasped your name as I came, but I didn't know it…. I decided right then I was going to find out…

You come back to your room to find a note on the door. "hi.. my name is Pamela and I am staying next door… I have noticed that you are alone as I am.. would love for you to join me dinner .. my room 7pm.. don't bother to knock"

First thing you notice when you walk in through the connecting door is that my room is just like yours. You hear the splashing and know where to find me. You find me relaxing in the Jacuzzi. I step out of the tub and come towards you. My nipples harden. From the cold? From the excitement? "hope you don't mind my forwardness." You just stand there looking at me. I step up to you and my nipples rub against your shirt. You show no resistance so I reaching up to slip my fingers through your hair pulling your mouth to mine. Brushing my soft lips against your mouth. My tongue slides over your lower lip. You gasp silently and I slide my tongue inside. 

You slide your arms around me. Pulling my naked wet body against you. Your hands slide down and cup my ass. Pulling me against you. I can feel your cock growing hard. I step back just a bit. Begin unbuttoning your shirt. Kissing my way down your neck, to your shoulders. As I peal your shirt off you I kiss every inch of newly exposed skin. My hot tongue sliding over your shoulders. My teeth gently biting you. Moving down your chest to your stomach. To the tops of your pants. I unfasten your pants and pull them off your hips. Your throbbing cock springs out at me. MMmmmmm sooo beautiful. I knew it would be. You're struggling with your shoes and I smile up at you. I pull a towel off the wall and place it on the floor, kneeling down on it. 

Sliding your pants down past your knees. You finally rid yourself of your shoes. And together pull your pants all the way off. You stand there in all your glory. Sooo perfect. So hard. Breathing ragged. Your cock bouncing up and down with your heart beat. Grasping it with my soft hand I lick from the base all the way to the tip on the underside of your cock. Your hands go to the back of my head. Making a fist in my long silky hair. Guiding my mouth to the head of your cock. Then pushing my mouth down on you. Mmmm baby sooo sweet. Pushing it all the way to the back of my throat. You press you cock in deep. Slips all the way into my throat. I swallow hard and the head of your cock is being squeezed and sucked deeper by my throat. I feel your cock swelling further, your breathing getting rougher I can taste your precum on my tongue. I pull my mouth off your cock. 

"Come into the tub with me." You step into the Jacuzzi and sit in front of one of the powerful jets. I step into the tub. Bending over in front of you. My round tight little ass right in front of you. Leaning forward you grab my hips and pull me back against your face. I feel your hot tongue slide against my pussy. Up between the swollen lips. I raise one leg and put my foot on the edge of the tub, opening myself up to you. Pressing my hot cunt up against your face. Moaning loudly. "oohhh gawd baby… that's soooo good." Your tongue slides up inside me. 

"ohhhhh yesssss… tongue fuck my pussy… so hot".. You slide your tongue over my sensitive asshole and I scream in pleasure. You stand up behind me, grabbing your cock and rubbing it up and down on my pussy lips. "ohhh yess baby.. give me your cock.. deep.." you place your cock head against my cunt and press slowly inside. So big, sooo slow. My pussy gripping your cock. Taking you deeper and deeper till your grinding your cock deep inside me. "oh gawd.. sooo full.. feels sooo good.. fuck me… make me cum.. ohhh gawd please make me cum." 

You slide your hand down to my ass cheeks and caress my asshole with your fingers. I reach down between my legs and press on my clit. You slowly pull your cock out all the way to the tip. And slowly slide it back inside. You pull your cock out to the tip again. Then speak for the first time. "Tell me what you want… you want my cock??" you move your cock around just on the inside of my tight cunt. "You want me to fuck you??" you slam your cock deep inside me then pull it back out to the tip. "You want my finger in your ass??" You press your finger against my tight asshole. 

"please fuck me.. oohhhh gawd please.. fuck me any way you want.. just please.. I need to cum so bad.. let me cum on your cock." You surprise and shock me by stepping out of the tub. You reach for my hand. I step out and follow you out of the bathroom. Over to the connecting door and into your room. You tell me to lie down on the bed. I hear your suitcase open and then close. You tie my hands to the headboard of the bed, just above my head. You begin to kiss my hard throbbing nipples. Sucking them, then biting softly. Your tongue flicking back and forth. I arch against you. Pressing my tits harder into your mouth. You slowly move down my body to my pussy. You can see the juices sparkle on my swollen lips. You pull my lips apart, my clit hard and throbbing. 

You blow softly on my clit and watch it twitch. Then flick it softly. My body jerks and I gasp loudly. "oh yes.. right there baby.. please lick me" You chuckle, an evil laugh. "we've only just started sweetheart. Sit back and relax" You slide your tongue down and deep into my pussy. I can feel it wiggling around inside me. Driving me to the brink. Your nose pressed against my throbbing clit. My body tensing, you suddenly pull your mouth away. "ohh no.. please.. aahhhh gawd.." 

You reach over to the table next to the bed, pull open the drawer and pull out a bottle of oil. The moment you open it I can smell it. Coconut oil. You flip open the top and squeeze the bottle. Pouring a generous amount onto my tits and down my stomach. You close the bottle and lay it next to me on the bed. You spread the oil all over my body, over my hard nipples, over my shaven cunt. Dipping your oil covered fingers into my tight pussy. You lay your body down on mine. Kissing me deeply sucking my tongue into your mouth. Your body sliding against mine. I spread my legs and your cock slips between the lips of my slippery pussy. 

Pressing your cock hard against my clit. I grind my pussy against you. Caressing your cock with my swollen pussy lips. You raise yourself a bit and placed the tip of your cock against the entrance to my pussy. Looking into my eyes you slowly slide your cock deep inside. Our slippery bodies sliding against each other. I raise my hips to meet your thrusts over and over again.. pressing my clit against you on each thrust. My body shaking, my pussy convulsing around your cock, milking, squeezing. "ohhh gawd baby I'm gonna cum …cum sooo hard, fuck me.." You lean forward and suck my nipple into your mouth. I explode. Screaming, bucking against you hard. You feel my cum surround your cock. "FUCK ME!!! OH YESSS CUMMMING… AAHHH GAWD!!! YESSSSS" … 

No sooner did I reach my peek when you pulled out of me and turned me onto my stomach. You slide a pillow under my hips that pushes my ass into the air. Your fingers slide into my wet sloppy pussy. Your other hand reaches for the oil and squeezes it onto my soft round ass. Spreading it around with your free hand. Your fingers slip between my ass cheeks, slides over my tight little hole. Your other fingers slipping in and out of my gripping cunt. You slide a finger into my ass and I begin to cum again. Feel my pussy squeeze and milk on your fingers. You place the head of your cock against my asshole and push slowly. Screaming in pain and ecstasy. Your cock goes deeper and deeper. My cum is dripping off your hand. My ass is soooo tight and hot. You slide your cock in all the way. Grinding up against me, moaning loudly. "oh gawd yes. So full, my pussy and my ass. Fuck me and cum for me. Cum for your hot little slut." 

Slowly, sooo slowly you pull your cock out and then slam it hard all the way in again. Your fingers deep inside me. Your hand pressing against my clit. Forcing myself back against you. Forcing your cock as deep as it will go. Screaming as I cum again. You begin to slam your cock in and pull it out faster. Grunting and moaning. "fuck that tight ass" I scream. My cum running down my thighs. Our bodies sliding together. So oily, the smell of coconut oil and sex in the air.

The sound of your voice. "soooo fucking good… gonna cum deep in your hot little ass.. here it comes baby.. gonna cum.. AHHHH YEESSSSSSSSSSSSS"… Grunting and moaning. I feel your hot cum spread through my ass. and that takes me over the edge again. Cumming again, my asshole contracts around your cock. Squeezing it even tighter. Both of us screaming. Slamming our bodies together. Wrapping yours arms around me holding me hard against you, as your cock twitches and jumps, pumping more and more hot cum inside me. We both fall onto our sides on the bed. My hands still tied above me. Your hands softly caressing my stomach. I fall asleep with your cock still inside me. Waking up a bit later with my hands free and you kissing my hardening nipples.