 I first noticed her at the airport in the concession; buying something for a long tedious trip I assumed. I'm a businessman myself and have to travel quite frequently for my work. The first thing I noticed was the fact that she was in a wheelchair. Second thing I noticed was her large breasts accentuated by the fact that she had to be at least 100 pounds overweight. 

I went over to the magazines to scan the selection; mainly the porn available. I just arrived after two stopovers and wanted to relax and have a meal; not necessarily in that order. I already had a room waiting at one of the many hotels near here and would be resuming my flight the next day; providing the weather would stay calm. I had just picked up one of the many selections of porn when she came up next to me.

"Excuse me," she said and smiled at me, "Could you hand me that one five over on your left?" She was pointing to one of the many computer tech magazines available. I felt a bit flustered standing there with a porn magazine in my hand. I reached over and handed her the magazine she had requested, "Thanks. Very few things I want are within my reach." She went over to the cashier, paid and left. I don't know if it's how she said it or the fact that her head was at crotch level that I immediately felt my cock twitch.

For some reason that I couldn't understand; I just couldn't get her face and voice out of my mind. Maybe it was the way she smiled; she had such full luscious lips, or her confidence and independence in the way she handled her disability. I went over and made my purchase, put it in my briefcase and went out in search of a restaurant; you can only take so much fast food.

As luck, or fate, would have it, there was a decent restaurant at this airport. First thing I noticed when I walked in was the blast of cold air; too cold for winter. I figured what the hell; at least I could have a decent hot meal for a change. Second thing I noticed was how unbearably crowded it was. I was scanning the many tables; mostly filled with a single person where they could have seated four or five. Didn't see any available and was dreading walking over to another fast food joint.

"You can join me if you'd like some company?" There she was again with that smile; that face; sitting alone at a table that could seat four.

"Really, I don't bite," and she laughed, "Well, not much." I thought, 'well, better than waiting or fast food' so I walked over to introduce myself.

I put on my best salesmanship stance and stuck out my hand, "Thank you. My name is Gary." She shook my hand; nice solid handshake unlike so many women I'd encountered. She smiled again, "Mine is Mary."

I decided that it was her smile. People always smiled and after a while you got to distinguish all the fake smiles out there. Hers seemed to always generate warmth and affection. Even when the waiter came over to lay a table service for me and hand me the menu, she thanked him warmly like he was a family member and apologized that we had put him through the extra trouble. The waiter returned her smile and then rushed to fill out drink orders.

She noticed me starring intently at her. "Is he a relative of yours?" my curiosity got the better of me. 

He returned almost immediately and sat our glasses down before she could answer. Again she smiled at the waiter, "Antonio, this is my good friend Gary. Gary, this is Antonio. Antonio, would you give us about twenty minutes before we decide. That'll give you time with some of your other customers," and once again she smiled and her voice was full of warmth.

"Yes madam. Anything you wish," said Antonio with a smile as he moved off to other tables.

I took a swallow of my drink and cleared my throat a bit, "Well? Is he a cousin or something?" he didn't even resemble her.

She smiled yet again, "No. I just met him when I came in."

"Then you come here a lot?" my curiosity was still peaked.

"No. This is my first time here."

"I guess I don't understand," she was obviously evading my questions.

She gave a light soft laugh, "You're a salesman, right?"

I didn't recall telling her, but nodded my head.

She tilted her head just a little and resumed smiling, "Trust me on something. Close your eyes for one minute and just listen." I hunched my shoulders. Why not; I had some time to kill. I closed my eyes and listened to the sounds in the restaurant.

"Times up; you can open your eyes now," she was still smiling warmly at me. It made my cock twitch again.

"Okay," I said and reached for another swallow of my drink feeling flustered. I wasn't sure what she was getting at.

"In the time that you listened, did anyone in here call Antonio by his name even though he has told everyone he has seated. Did you hear anyone being polite to him like he was another human being? In fact, has anyone been nice to him at all?" she said stressing her point.

I felt a bit uncomfortable under her observations as I had not even thanked him for returning so quickly with our drinks.

I watched her delicately lift the wine glass and take a small sip; enough to savor the flavor. "Human nature," she said.

"Huh?" I tore my gaze from her hand back to her face.

"Oh, I was just saying that it's human nature. No one in here would want to be treated that way, but they in turn see Antonio as a second class citizen, some kind of domestic servant to be ignored and just ordered around. Revolutions have resulted from such behavior as we have viewed here tonight." She sighed and shook her head. "It's just a matter of the 'Golden Rule' verses 'Human Nature' where human nature is winning.

It was obvious that this woman was quite intelligent; should have guessed with that computer tech magazine. 

She went on, "As a salesman, would you even consider treating a client with such disdain? No, I think not, but who's to say that one day Antonio might be one of the wealthiest men around. Don't you think he would remember how he had been treated? Do you think he just might remember tonight how I treated him?"

I finished my drink and Antonio arrived at the table to take our orders. I remembered to call him by name and thanked him for his time and patience with us. He rushed our orders to the kitchen and brought my refill faster than any service I could remember seeing at other restaurants. This woman knew her stuff.

"So tell me, are you a lawyer or psychiatrist?" I was now trying to figure what she did for a living. 

"No, computers." she responded. "Companies pay me to sit at home and write programs for their computer systems, but let's not talk shop. It can get so dry and boring. Isn't there something else you'd like to ask me?"

Okay; I'm feeling uncomfortable now. Cock is now semi-hard and I just saw that her nipples were quite hard. "Ah, it's rather cool in here. Would you care for my jacket?"

"Do they bother you? It's a natural physical response to a condition. I'll take your jacket if you really wish me to cover myself; if it really makes you too uncomfortable." She smiled with a hint of mischief in her eyes.

"Uh, no, I mean they don't bother me at all. I was just concerned that you might be cold is all." Definitely feeling a tightening in my pants; really wanted to touch and suck those hard nipples. Never thought of someone with a disability before; then it hit me. What she had been talking about applied to her too.

I decided to confirm my intuition, "Does it bother you? Human nature; the way others treat someone with your disability?"

"Yes," her eyes suddenly seemed sad. "I've endured more than my share. It seems always harder for females than males."

"How so?" my interest was peaked now. "First, may I ask what your disability is exactly?"

She smiled again, "I'm paralyzed from the waist down; have been since I was 16. Auto accident."

"You were driving?" I asked.

"No. I was a passenger in the back seat. I had just turned 16 and hadn't even had driver's Ed yet." She gave a light laugh, "Hell, I hadn't even dated! My parents were pretty strict."

"Afterwards?" I pressed.

She paused before answering. "Let's just say that no one wanted to date a cripple."

"I can understand how immature high school boys can be like that, but surely college was different?" understanding some of her sadness.

"Yes, college was different. They got crueler." she sighed. "Well, I've endured."

Antonio arrived with our dinners and helped to break the melancholy of the moment. Her warm smile returned and genuine affection. I wondered how I might have endured what she had been through. I was one of those who had placed her as non-existent until I sat and spoke to her.

After Antonio left, I was anxious to resume of conversation. "You said it was harder for females than males. How so?"

"I can only speak from what I've been told and my own experiences; I could be wrong totally for all I know. Are you sure you want to discuss this?" and then she took a bite of her salad.

"Yes, I'm curious what you meant by that."

"I was speaking sexually. My experiences compared to males who are paralyzed that I know. Does it surprise you that we discuss things like comparing our sexual desires and frustrations?" she looked at me point blank.

Total honesty I felt was my best recourse at this point, "Yes, but I guess it would be like jocks comparing their sexual prowess."

She gave a little laugh, "Yes, I guess so. Well, to begin, I have HS."

"Ah, sorry, what's HS?" I inquired.

"It's Hyper Sexuality." I gave her a blank stare and shook my head. "If I used the term 'nympho', would you be more familiar with that?" Nodded my head yes on that, what man didn't know that term.

"Well," she continued, "It's a chemical imbalance which brings on an insatiable sexual appetite. You could say it's in the genetic makeup as I inherited from my Dad."

"And?" I was warming to the subject.

"I was 16, hormones kicking in, HS kicking in and no outlet. Before you say it, 'no' masturbation was not an option as it doesn't satisfy the craving; it only intensifies it."

She had me floored and hot now, "Please continue," I said.

Large sigh, "Well, there's some things that trigger my HS which is why I prefer to work from home. Also, because of the HS, some men find me too intense and I guess they feel threatened sexually that I can match them, and sometimes surpass them, in my sexual desires."

Raging hard on now and could care less about dinner. Here was this extraordinary woman, who had been through only God knew what, talking openly with me about her sexual desires.

Okay, red flag waving in front of bull now. I'm feeling the strain and I'm not sure if she'd feel insulted. "May I ask you something without insulting you?"

She smiled and laughed softly again, "You want to have sex. Isn't that why you bought the porno magazine?"

I know my mouth dropped open. Wow this woman was something else. "How?"

"It's like my body picks up on male pheromones. It's one of those trigger's I'd spoken of. The more excited a male becomes; the more pheromones he secretes. I have smelled your's when you came into the concession. They have intensified since we've been talking and my guess is that you have a hard on right now."

She looked intently into my eyes, "Are you married? Any sexually transmitted diseases?" I shook my head no to each question. "I'm disease clean also and I can't get pregnant; had that fixed. If you wish to use condoms, you may, but they aren't necessary. Now, most important is are you sure? I guess what I'm asking is do you have the stamina for all night sex?"

I didn't even know how I was going to walk out of the restaurant; my hard on was throbbing. I couldn't believe how much I wanted this woman and how much I wanted to please her as well.

"I have a room at the Centaur reserved for me. I just need to grab my bag and hail a cab."

"That won't be necessary. I have a room there also and have already checked in. The front desk is the one that recommended this restaurant to me. I drove over so if you want to collect your luggage, I can drive us both there."

We asked Antonio for the checks; she insisted on paying her own. She tipped Antonio more than customary so I did as well; taking to heart our conversation. I made my way to luggage claim and grabbed my bag and followed her out to parking. 

"I hope you don't mind, but I always tend to park away from the excess traffic." It was a nice car and fully handicapped equipped. We put the bag in the trunk and got in. "I'm just going to let in warm up a bit, okay?"

"Ah, sure that's fine," I was concentrating on trying to get my cock to go down a bit.

The heater started producing some heat and she unbuttoned her coat and removed it. "I don't like to drive with a bulky coat on; too confining." Her seat swiveled and faced mine. "Gary, would you care to kiss me? We haven't even kissed yet."

"I'd like to, but my cock might just explode here on the spot." and I was trying to keep my coat bunched in front of me.

She gave me a warm smile, "Gary. Why don't I take care of that right now? It will get hard again once we're there." Her hand gently moved my coat and hand aside. She unbuckled my belt, undid my pants and unzipped me. She reached into my briefs and released my hard cock. Her hand felt so wonderfully soft and smoothed; pre-cum immediately oozed from the slit. She caught it on her fingers and then sucked them clean.

I twisted around in the bucket seat to face her and scooted more on the edge of the seat so her face was over my cock. The moment she placed her mouth over the head of my cock, I was in heaven. Her mouth was so hot, moist and tight; she moaned sending small vibrations through the head.

I moaned and grabbed her head and forced her down onto my cock. To my surprise, she sucked it all the way down to the base, kept her mouth there and started sucking with intensity. I felt her hand slide under my brief and start massaging my balls. I lost all control and started fucking her mouth with everything I had. Never in my life had I had such a sweet blowjob. It didn't take me long before I started shooting my first load into her mouth. She kept her mouth buried at the base of my cock and kept swallowing until I was spent.

I just leaned against the door panting and looking at her head still in the crotch of my briefs; my cock still in her mouth; warmed by her sweet mouth. I started stroking her hair and calming down. "That was the most ... the best blowjob I have ever had!"

She slowly released my cock from her mouth and gently replaced it in my briefs. She redressed me and laid a hand on my chest. "Thank you. I love the taste of cum and it's been awhile."

What do you say to a woman who has given you the best damn blowjob of your life and she's thanking you for it? I leaned forward cupping her face in my hands and kissed your luscious lips. Our tongues met and fought for dominance as we probed and tasted. My hand caressed down to cup one of her large breasts and pinch her hard nipple. She moaned into my mouth visibly turned on by this foreplay. I was trying to pull her top up when she broke our kiss and held my hand to her.

"Let's get to the hotel where we'll be more comfortable." She smiled again.

I couldn't wait and hoped it wasn't going to take too long. I was already getting excited again.

It was agreed on the way over that I should still check into my own room; companies being the way they are. She asked me not to clean up, but to come to her room as soon as possible. I think I set a record for check in and getting to her room.

She let me in, "I think we'd be more comfortable doing this on the bed." I agreed and she wheeled over to the bed, transferred in and stretched out. 

"The rooms a little cool," I said. "I thought you might already be undressed."

"It'll warm up. I didn't want you to get overheated," and she smiled. "I wasn't sure if you'd want to undress me or not." 

I removed my shoes and joined her on the bed. Stretched out I guessed that we were about the same height. My hand stroked the side of her face and she leaned into my caress. I gazed into her eyes; I now noticed they were brown. Pressed my lips to her luscious lip and took a sweet kiss. She was already breathing hard. "Are you that close?" I asked.

"I'm also multi-orgasmic; I will experience several orgasms before we actually end up fucking. You'll also find that my breasts and nipples are ultra sensitive and will cause me to orgasm as well. I'll have several with you just sucking them." Whoa, cock rock hard again!

"Then go ahead and get undress and I'll do the same. If you're going to orgasm that much, then I will want to lick you and taste your sweet juice."

We both undressed and I lied down next to her again. I resumed kissing her and started to nuzzle her neck; she came. Nothing major; just small orgasms just like she said. By the time I started to seriously suck her nipples and massage her breasts, she was in a constant state of arousal. 

I finally spread her legs and ran a finger along her wet pussy. I brought it to my nose and smelled her; it was like perfume to me. I tasted her and she tasted nice and sweet.

She had explained that she didn't have much feeling there; just sort of patchy here and there. She could feel action on her clit, the top of mound and the pussy lips around her clit. She could feel a cock if it penetrated deeply into her, but not my tongue. She told me to go ahead and lick her though since I enjoyed it; so I did.

She came quite often with my attention to her clit and nipples and I enjoyed sucking and tasting her each time. My cock and been throbbing constantly and I wanted to take it slow. "Gary, please fuck me now," she was breathing hard. 

"I will baby, nice and slow," I said as I slid between her legs.

"No, please Gary, I need a hard fuck right now ... need to get satisfied. PLEASE!!!" 

I lifted her legs and shoved my cock into her hard; my balls slapping up again her soft round ass. 

She moaned loud, "Yes! Gary! Please more! Fuck me hard!!!"

I don't recall how many orgasms she had as I fucked hard in and out of her hot wet pussy. I know that when I finally came, she clinched her vagina muscles around my cock milking every ounce out of me. Her legs might have been paralyzed, but there certainly wasn't anything wrong with her cunt!

We rested a bit in between each time we had sex and I can honestly say that I'd never been with a woman like her before. I told her I traveled a lot and wouldn't mind seeing her again, but she advised against it. I insisted and she finally gave me her address and phone number.

"I'll understand if you change your mind," she said as she cuddled her head and breasts against my chest.

"Lady, that's not going to happen," I said as I hugged her closer to me. "I don't know what kind of assholes you've known, but I'm not like that. I know a good thing when it comes along. You're the real thing."