 Though I am only 25 there are very few things that stand out in my memory anymore. Though brief in its run, I've led an exceptionally busy life, and singling out specific moments in time is hard to do. But there is a very special night in my life that I will never forget. That's the night that I met Carry.

Now Carry is not exactly supermodel quality...but she is definitely attractive. I should say that Carry is a beautiful girl. Inside and out she is a gorgeous woman; about 5'5" brown hair, green eyes, beautiful smile, great tits and a spectacular ass. On top of all that she is a wonderful human being with a great sense of humor and a grasp of sarcasm that rivals my own. In all aspects this woman is perfect.

Anyone who has known me for even a day knows that I have been with a lot of women and you are probably asking why this one girl stands out more than others. Well the explanation is very simple. 

You see, Carry and I met at work a few years back. We were good friends. We used to go to lunch together twice a week...talk about our relationships, nothing special. But strangely our friendship stayed in the office. We never exchanged numbers and never hung out away from work. When I would see her at the bars she would never acknowledge that I was there. It went on like this for years. 

Until one day we had to fly to L.A. to give this big sales pitch to a potential client. Now this was a multi-billion dollar client, so the boss wanted his very best team on the pitch. Well that happened to be Carry and I. So 8 hours and two first class tickets later we arrived at Los Angeles International Airport.

When we walked into the pick-up area to get a cab to the hotel, there was this short stout little man about 40 years old holding a sign with our names on it. When we approached him he explained that his boss (our potential raise and promotion) had arranged for the car and had changed our reservations for two rooms at a Motel 6 to one Hilton suite. 

Naturally we were shocked at the generosity of someone we had never met; and followed the little man with a sustained look of awe on our faces. After what seemed to be a decade of rush hour traffic on the freeway, we arrived at the front door to the Hilton. The driver gave us instructions on the reservation, told us that we had the room for 1 week and that any and all room service would be taken care of. We could only look at each other in amazement. The driver further explained that he would be here at 10 am on the dot and expected us to be waiting on the steps for his arrival. We acknowledged the driver and retrieved our luggage out of the trunk. 

When we arrived at the front desk to retrieve our room key, we realized that the driver had said one suite for one week. We were only supposed to be there for two days. And further more, why had this man arranged for only one room with one bed? I pondered this situation all the way up to the room. That's when I forgot about the quandary all together. The elevator went straight to the room. When the doors to the elevator opened I could hardly breathe. The room itself was in immaculate condition, and was far more luxurious than I could have ever imagined. It was like something out of the Lives of the Rich and Famous.

The bed was big enough to fit not just us but at least three other people on it comfortably. There were three very expensive couches, two sofas and a love seat, which looked to be at least 100 years old; a beautiful mahogany table in the center of the couches, and a small round mahogany table next to the door with a basket for your keys. The bathroom was something out of a dream. There was a huge king sized tub that was like a small hot tub. The counters around the sink area were made of marble. The lighted mirrors took up one whole wall. This whole room was like a playground for sex. Too bad I wasn't going to get an opportunity to test it out. 

We had made the silent mutual agreement that she would have the bedroom and I would sleep on the couch. No big deal, it wouldn't be the first couch I'd ever slept on. Though quite possibly the most comfortable.

While I was showering I couldn't help but get the feeling that someone was watching me through the semi clear shower curtain. But every time I looked towards the door there was no one there. 

I finished showering and got dressed and got the couch set up for bed. Carry walked into the bathroom for her turn in the shower. While I was making up the couch I found myself overcome with the urge to go peek at Carry in the shower. Normally I would have done my best James Bond to get a glimpse of that perfect body...but something held me back. I think it may have been decency. Either way I went to bed instead of indulging my inner pervert.

In the morning we got up early, showered, dressed and ate and where downstairs waiting for the driver as instructed. He arrived right at 10 am just like he said he would. We drove to the other side of town to his employers' residence in the hills. It was impressive both in size and design. We were led into Mr. Wallace's office where we found a man of about 60 sitting in a leather chair that was about twice his size. We all shook hands and he asked us if the accommodations where to our liking.

Carry replied with a polite but brief, "Mr. Wallace, they are more than we need. We would have been fine at the Motel 6. But thank you for your generosity." 

"And Mr. Colyer, was the couch comfortable enough for you?"

I was shocked by this question and wondered how he could have know that I slept on the couch. Unfortunately my mouth got a head of my thought process and out slipped a coy little, "How could you have known that I slept on the couch Mr. Wallace?"

His response caught me off guard more so than his question:

"Well Mr. Colyer, I assumed that you are a gentleman and would not want to impede the privacy of Ms. Jones. So I naturally assumed that you slept on the couch."

I could say nothing. What could I say, except, "Well if that is the case Mr. Wallace, yes the couch was very comfortable."

After that we all started working on getting Mr. Wallace to invest his money in our firm, which proved to be quite a challenge. We were there until about 7 pm when we finished dinner and were driven back to the Hilton. Where we showered alone and went to bed without much conversation.

This was the routine for the next 5 days that we were there: get up, shower, dress, eat, pick up, work, drop off, shower, bed. But the night before we were supposed to leave we convinced Mr. Wallace to invest in our firm. We were on cloud 9, we were about to get a fat raise and a promotion with a company car! We had to go out and celebrate. 

When we got back to the room we took our separate showers and got dressed and called a cab to take us out to a nice little bar to celebrate. That is when things started to change in our relationship. 

We had a few drinks and began to discuss our usual topics; past relationships, sex, memories from our past; our usual lunchtime conversation. As the night went on I noticed that we kept getting closer and closer to each other. After about 5 drinks each we were sitting next to each other with our hands on each others legs. In the middle of our 7th drink she said something that I wasn't expecting.

"Jacob, I want you to know that my feelings for you go much farther than just a friendly co-worker. For the last 2 years I've waited for you to become single long enough for me to make a move. I want to be with you Jacob...and I want it bad. I dream about making love to you every night, and for the last week I've been watching you shower. Please don't freak out."

All I could do for a moment was stare at her and blink. I couldn't believe that a woman of her caliber wanted me. Not just for some raunchy one night stand, but for an actual relationship. The only thing that I could say to her was:

"Let's go back to the room and make some of those dreams of yours come true."

Fuck me that was cheesy. I can't believe I just said that to her. That right there is the kind of pick up line you use in a dive bar with a girl that has been staring at you all night. I half expected her to slap me. Instead I got this:

"You call the cab and I will get our coats."

Holy shit; this is actually going to happen. That is all I can remember thinking. It ran over and over in my head like a broken record. Then something really unexpected happened; she kissed me. Not a 'you're a one night stand and I'm going to make out with you right now' kind of kiss; but a real honest to god kiss. The kind of kiss you give to someone that you are in love with. And that's when it hit me...that is how I was kissing her back. It wasn't her kissing me like that...it was all me. I was really in love with Carry.

Why hadn't I noticed it earlier? Was I just to caught up in all the meaningless one night stands? Whatever the reason, it didn't matter anymore. I wanted to tell her right then and there, but I didn't want to scare her off. I decided that I would wait until later to tell her. How much later I wasn't sure.

So it had come to this...I was waiting outside for a cab, holding on to a woman who I was up until about 5 minutes before hand sure was just a friend; getting ready to back to our room to 'Make some of those dreams come true'. What the hell had just happened?

The cab finally showed up and we climbed in without letting go of each others hands; sat down and told the driver where to go. We looked at each other briefly and kissed one more time. It didn't seem to last that long, but when we finally looked up the driver had stopped in front of the hotel and was waiting for us to pay. I shelled out the 18 dollars and hurried out to grab Carry's hand. We walked hand in hand to the elevator that led to our room and waited. While we stood there Carry leaned her head on my shoulder and put her other hand across my belly and if it were something she had been doing for ages.

The elevator arrived, the doors opened and we got in; still walking hand in hand. The whole way up we said nothing, we just stood there holding hands. When the elevator got to our room, the coats hit the floor and we proceeded towards the bedroom with our lips locked in a deep kiss the entire time. 

The doors stood open and the path to the bed was clear. I picked her up and walked forward with her as she wrapped her legs around my waist. The sensation of her body heat so close to mine sent chills up my spine and set my heart on fire. I felt as if I would drop her if this feeling kept up like this. 

There was another sensation that I was not immediately aware of...at least not until she softly whispered in my ear, "Well this is going to be quite enjoyable."

It appears that my spine was not the only part of me that was experiencing chills. By this time my cock had risen to full strength and was pressing very firmly at the zipper of my slacks. It was begging to be set free. It had already found its way to the right area as it pressed itself firmly against Carry's pussy lips.

I set her down on the bed and began to unbutton her blouse whilst I slowly kissed along the length of her slender neck. Once I got her blouse off I urged her up to the head of the bed and began to kiss from her collar bone to her belly button. I went slowly, taking in the taste and smell of her. 

I undid her skirt and slid down to the floor so that she was wearing only her bra and panties. I kissed across her panty line and down over her soft cotton thong along the line of her sweet little cunt. Taking in the smell of her very essence; anticipating how sweet it was going to taste when I had my tongue rolling slowly down in between the lips of her pussy.

I kissed my way back up her to her ample breasts as she let out a slightly disappointed moan. I gently slid my hand under her back to undue her bra and raised her skin closer to my lips as I kissed between her tits. Once I got her bra off I had to pause for a moment and marvel at the sheer perfection of her breasts. They were like something you see in a men's magazine, just without all of the silicone. After the moment of admiration I gently took up one of her nipples in my mouth and began to softly suckle at her perfect breast.

After a few moments of indulgence I began to kiss my way back down her stomach to her panty line. I kissed along her panty line while I slowly removed her panties. Hearing the little moans of ecstasy escape her mouth urged me to just rip them off and drop my pants right there and fuck her senseless. But that isn't what I really wanted. I was going to take my time and make love to Carry. I thought that maybe I could express my feelings for her with this act. 

So instead of just tearing into her...I gently removed her panties and kissed down over her pussy lips till I was over her wet little hole. I slowly pushed my tongue as far into her as I could, causing her to gasp with surprise and pleasure. I then slowly slid my tongue back up to her clit staying in between her lips the whole time. The taste of her was absolutely divine. It's what I would imagine and angel would taste like. And her scent consumed every last part of my being. It nestled itself into my soul and laid rest there. 

She moaned with ecstasy as I made the trip from her clit to her hole at least 10 more times. I started to kiss all around her clit occasionally rolling my tongue in circles around her clit making her writhe in pleasure. I took her clit between my lips and began gently sucking on it while I slid two fingers deep into her throbbing cunt, rotating them to touch every wall that I could. This started her on the journey towards the edge of orgasm. It didn't take much after that...a little more licking...a little more sucking...and a little more finger fucking and she was there. Her back arched pushing her perfect breasts towards the canopy on the bed. Her eyes rolled back into her head as if she were trying to see the pleasure running through her body. Her pussy became a vice; gripping tightly onto the two fingers that were still pressed deep into her massaging the walls of her heavenly cunt. She let out a moan that sounded as if she wanted the whole world to know that she was cuming.

When she was finished, she pulled my fingers out and picked my head up and kissed me deep. So deep it seemed as if she was trying to taste my soul. When our lips parted it was as if a part of my heart went with her. She looked me dead in the eyes and said, "It's your turn sweetheart."

She stood up in front of me, teasing me with the smell of fresh cum drifting from her beautiful pussy. She stood me up and slowly removed my shirt while she teased my lips with her tongue. I wanted another of her angelic kisses, and she knew it and was effectively using that fact against me. 

Once she had removed my shirt and tossed it to the side she turned me towards the bed...but she didn't push me onto it. She left me standing and started to kiss down my chest; pausing momentarily suck on my nipples. She then continued down to my waist line and proceeded to kiss across the line of pants. She returned to the center and daftly undid the button with her teeth, and then pulled down the zipper. She did all this with only her teeth. Needless to say, I was astonished. I'd never seen anyone undo my pants with only their teeth. It showed me that whatever else was coming was going to be exquisite.

She pulled down my pants with her hands and put her mouth on just the tip of my cock and blew hot air onto it though my boxers. That also was a first; I wasn't quite sure what to think when she did it. But when she did it the second time I knew that I enjoyed it thoroughly. After the second time she then pulled my boxers off and ran her tongue along the underside of my cock from base to tip. I could barely stand. 

She gave me a gentle shove and I fell onto the bed with only a slight bounce. She knelt down between my legs and began to slowly run her tongue in circles around the tip of my hard cock. The sensation of pleasure ran from my toes to the top of my skull. I felt it all over. Like a wave of heat crawling through my body. This time I was the one arching my back, moaning, and rolling my eyes into my head.

If she was this good without putting my cock in her mouth, then this wasn't going to last long. Just as I finished my thought she put damn near all of my cock into her mouth. She had a firm grip around the base of my cock with right hand and slid both her head and her hand up and down in unison. The sensation was intense; after only a few minutes of her sliding my cock in and out of her mouth I was on the brink of cuming myself. But she was really good at this. She knew I was about to cum, so instead of finishing the job, she finished it off with one good lick along the underside; once again going from base to tip. 

"Oh no baby...you're not done yet." She cooed as she stood me up.

She then crawled up the bed and then lay on her back. She looked straight into my eyes and said something I never thought I would hear from any woman.

"I want you to get over here and show me how you feel about me. If you love me like your eyes say you do; then make me feel it. Or if you are too scared to admit what your eyes are telling everyone...feel free to fuck me senseless like you would any other of your little flings. Either way, you need to make use of that cock of yours. I want you to fill me with it. I want to feel every inch of you inside of me. Come on Jacob, why are you hesitating? Scared?"

After the shock of what she had just said wore off, I crawled up the bed until I was hovering just above her. I looked deep into her beautiful green eyes and said:

"I love you Carry...but you already knew that. I'm not going to deny any more. Tonight, and for as many nights as you will allow me to...I'm going to make love to you."

With that, I slowly slid my cock into her aching pussy, pushing myself all the way into her. She gasped as I hit the back wall and continued to push a little bit further. The sensation I felt was unlike anything I had ever experienced in my life. It was almost as if I belonged there. I never wanted to pull out of her.

But there was work to be done. I was inside of a beautiful woman and I needed to make the most of it. She would cum at least one more time before I was done. And I was going to take my time with this. I didn't know when I would get another chance like this; maybe never. I would impress.

I started slowly, sliding gently in and out of her magnificent pussy. I pushed a little deeper each time, until each time I went in I hit the back of her tight little pussy. I kept that up for what seemed an eternity. Just enjoying the feeling of making love to her, soaking up the intense feelings that came with making love to someone I really did love. As if the sensation wasn't enough, the moans and faces she made that accompanied each of my deep, gentle thrusts was more than I could have asked for. 

I gently lifted her legs and swung them across my body so that I could lay behind her and continue while I held her close to me. It happened so much smoother than any transition that I had ever mad during sex. What's more, it was perfect. Like our bodies were meant to fit together like that. Like two pieces of large puzzle that have just found each other. It was sheer perfection embodied in our moments of our sexual expression of love. 

After 20 minutes more I could take it no longer; as I started to pull out she reached one arm back to hold me in and said, "No...I want to feel you cum. I want to feel it pulsing into my body. Please Jacob...cum in me."

I couldn't deny her something so simple. I wanted to give her everything she asked for, and this was as easy as it gets. She was asking me to succumb to a natural urge. So I did; I kept it up until I could feel the pulses of orgasm building in my stomach. With a few more thrusts I was there. I felt cum rushing through my hard cock pushing to escape the confines of my body. 
