 I only want you. No one else. I don't know what it is about you, what draws me on and on. I don't know if it's your sexiness that's mixed in with sweetness, the way you care, or the way you hold me and kiss me... or is it all these facets combined that make you stand out in such a perfect way? Whatever it is, I love you.

These are the thoughts going through my head this morning. Then I feel the mattress move and know that you are waking up. 

My back is to you as I lie on my side, and I stay like that pretending to be asleep. I love the fun little ways you choose to wake me up, and so I close my eyes and keep my breathing even, as I wait in anticipation.

After a few stretches I can feel you moving closer to me, my very own sexy guy who can't help but touch me whenever he has a chance. We're both naked from last night's sex, and anyway, you like me to sleep that way so that you can have me whenever you want. However, right now the soft sheets are pulled up under my arms so all that you see are my shoulders on up.

You've made your hungry way to me. I can feel your breath on my neck and shoulders as you lean over my body to see if I'm awake. Satisfied when you find my eyes closed, I feel your hand slowly pulling down the sheets, uncovering me so that I'm lying there in the nude for your eyes to feast on. Your eager expression is painted in my mind and I know it so well that I don't need to look at you to see it.

I'm trying to hide my smile as I feel you maneuvering yourself against me. You're lying down on your side now too, fitting your body to mine, your chest pressed against my back, our naked bodies touching at every point. Your lips are on my neck, kissing me softly, so very gently - no one can kiss like you! The feel of your lips on my neck leaves me so tingly, and although I'm no longer pretending to be asleep, I lay there just enjoying what you do. 

One of your arms drapes over me and pulls me close to cuddle. Sometimes it's wrapped around my waist, other times just resting on my tits or your hand strokes up and down my side. You have it on my thigh and then down to my knee, and pulling my leg up you make it bend so that it's pressed against my tummy. Now we're lying there touching, with my one leg bent and pressed against my body and the other one still stretched out straight on the bed.

Your kissing hasn't diminished at all and the lovely feeling of your lips on me makes me moan with pleasure. My heart races as I lay in your arms, and my pussy throbs with the same rhythm. I can feel your cock hardening behind me, swelling up and raising its head, pushing in between my legs so that the shaft is bobbing against my pussy lips and, when I look down, I can see its bell-end near my clit.

You begin moving your hips in a thrusting motion, making the length of your shaft slide along my pussy repeatedly. Rubbing it back and forth until my dripping pussy lips begin wrapping around it, stroking your shaft as it slips in between them, its head running over my clit with each thrust.

I glance down again and watch it rubbing my clit - and the intense pleasure I get from seeing your cock at my pussy throws me over the edge - making me cum fast and hard. My body curls up as my hips convulse against you. Your arm grips me to you tightly as you moan into my neck cumming at the same time. Your hot thick load covers my smooth pussy as my own juices gush out onto your cock.

We are both spent and happy, enjoying the closeness we share, our minds drifting in and out of pleasure as our bodies relax. Turning over it's my turn to wrap an arm around you, to kiss you softly, letting my lips run over your body, letting them go down to your cock so that my tongue can taste you and lick you clean.

And of course, this is just a facet.