 My boss stuck his head in the door and told me to pack my bags. Sales had hooked a big fish and wanted someone from Tech Services to come to the final pitch to answer all of 'those' questions. Apparently it was my turn and no amount to complaining was going to get me out of it.

The salespeople were leaving in the afternoon so that they could have the evening to cram and prepare. I showed up in a tie with matching socks (a first for me) and met the "Resource Team" in the parking lot. The team was all guys and we were shooting the bull in our heavy coats in front of the company car waiting for the team leader to arrive. Up pulls this cherry red BMW and Sandra, bitch goddess with her ice blonde hair in a bun, leans out and orders us to get in the car. Jake, standing next to me, grabs my arm and tells me, "Our car is full, you are riding with the team leader." Thanks guys, you assholes.

I clambered in and introduced myself. Sandra made it clear that she knew who I was and there would be no smoking, eating, or drinking in her vehicle. The presentation was 3-1/2 hours upstate and off we went. Sandra, concerned for her baby, drove the speed limit and soon the other car was far ahead and then out of sight.

About two hours north and a few false starts at conversation, the sky turned from overcast to very dark and ugly. Sandra turned on the radio to check for a weather forecast (I wasn't allowed to touch any buttons) and the winter advisory had turned into a blizzard warning.

There was no exit off the highway near and soon the snow began to fall; Sandra became anxious. There were no cars ahead or behind; the highway was empty. I suggested we get off at the first exit and she agreed nervously; she was holding the wheel tightly and her knuckles turned white. The snow began to pick up and was falling thickly by the time we hit the next exit. At the bottom of the ramp was a gas station and motel. 

"Pull into the motel" I said, "I'm sure you do not want to turn around and try to go back in this." She nodded her head sharply and pulled into the lot. There were a lot of cars. Sandra walked into the lobby and stated that she would get us rooms. My cellphone had no reception so I placed a quick call at the payphone to the wife telling her where I was and all was well, more or less.

As I hung up Sandra came up to me visibly shaken and told me that the place was booked and she could only get one room, with a king size bed. "Don't worry," I told her, "I can sleep on the floor." She pulled around to the room and I took the two small bags from the trunk. Her hands were shaking so bad that she could not get the key in the door. It seems that Miss Bitch was out of her element and out of control. I took the key from her and opened the door; with a hand on the small of her back I gently pushed her into the room.

Typical ugly room with an old spread and curtains. Sandra walked past the bathroom to the bed and froze, just froze. I was afraid she was going to go catatonic on me. I reached into my bag and pulled out the small bottle of bourbon I carry on such outings and handed her the bottle. She looked at me with fear in her face as I wrapped her hand around the glass. "Here, have a drink," I said and she did not move. With starch in my voice I demanded: "Take a swallow, now," and she did.

As the liquid burned the back of her throat, it became obvious to me that this bitch was mine, all mine and I was going to take her. "Do you want to get through this?" I asked her and she nodded weakly. My hand took her chin and turned her eyes to look into mine. "If you want to get through this, then you are going to have to trust me and do everything I say. Can you do that?" She nodded again.

"Take of your shoes and hose, and make yourself comfortable on the bed." She put her hand on my shoulder and toss them on the floor. When she got situated I handed her the bottle again and told her to take a big swallow. Sandra's eyes began to water as the liquor hit. I told her to take her hair down and the blond locks fell around her face framing it. Gorgeous: a healthy, athletic figure I repose. I told her we were going to create a little fantasy and make this whole terrible day go away. She smiled a little at the idea.

I sat down next to her and put my hand on knee. "Tonight I am your lover who will protect you, keep you, and give you magical pleasure. Do you trust me?" She nodded again but I stopped her with my hand on her chin again. "No, you must tell me."

"I . . . I trust you," she said softly locking onto my eyes. I told her I trusted her too. I suggested she shower and come back wearing her towel. Sandra returned 15 minutes later and I pointed to the bed and told her sit back down. As she leaned against the headboard I put my hand back on her leg. 

"Sandra, I know you trust me now and I want you to show me your pussy". She hesitated and I told her it was "okay" to encourage her. She opened her legs I saw her mound covered in soft brown hair and the lips were shaved. She definitely was not a natural blonde. She was embarrassed and I told her I was not going to touch her. She looked puzzled until I took her hand and placed in her crotch.

"Play with yourself," I ordered. "Make yourself feel good." She began to stroke her lips slowly while my hand rested on her thigh. She slipped a finger into her slit and into her hole. Another finger followed and soon she was rocking her hips to a silent rhythm. I commanded her to take her other hand and play with her tits. The towel came off and she began to moan as she rolled her nipple. I started rubbing her thigh and she picked up the pace until she cried out and came on her two fingers.

When her orgasm stopped I pulled her hand from her pussy and put her two fingers in my mouth. Her pussy juice tasted sweet. "That was wonderful, " I said at last, "I'm so glad you trust me." She nodded and said simply, "I trust you."

"Can I trust you with my cock?" Sandra's eyes went wide and she nodded. I took her arms and placed them on my belt. She took the hint and undid my belt and dropped my pants and underwear while I pulled off my shirt. Still in the bed, she stood on her knees and I noticed just how firm her breasts were and how the brown nipples jutted out, a wonderful handful that I just had to touch. I cupped her breasts and began to caress her nipples with my thumbs. She began moaning again so I stopped. I brought her lips to my chest and she began licking and sucking on my nipples. My hand on her head forced her to kiss down to my stomach. I sat down on the edge of bed and told her to get down on the floor on her knees. She complied and without anymore prompting, reached into my crotch and took my cock into her mouth.

My cock had been hard for some time and I knew holding back would be difficult. I put her hands on my hips and told her to suck the best she could. She smiled up at me and began to swirl her tongue around my dick; she began to pump her head up and down. She popped my cock out and coated it with spit as she licked my balls and made her way back up to my crown. She sucked it back in with a large slurp and began to pump and suck. My hips began pumping and I felt a surge in my cock I couldn't stop. With a yell I spurt ropes of spunk down her throat as I pumped my cock into her gullet. She grinned as the white stuff spilled out of her mouth onto me and the bed.

"Feel better?" I asked. She licked her lips and said "yes." I told her to clean up and get dressed for dinner. 

Back in our clothes, she reached for the door when I took Sandra's shoulders and pinned her gently to the door. I looked her in the eyes and kissed her, easing my tongue into her throat. She tasted vaguely salty and our tongues danced the tango. She thrust her hips into mine and began to rub her mound against my cock. I stopped her and told her there was much more to come tonight and that I hoped she would behave herself at dinner. Sandra giggled; the ice bitch actually giggled at me and I beamed.

* *

Dinner was a dreary, overcrowded affair. I kept a hand on her thigh through the latter half of dinner and on the way out I asked her if she was wet in her panties. Sandra's face went red with embarrassment and nodded yes. I took her around the corner and demanded she take off her pantyhose and hand them to me. Reluctantly she complied. I took her hand and practically ran her back to the room.

In the room I stripped her of her clothes throwing them every which way. I had her lay in the middle of the bed. Stretching her arms above her head, I bound her hands together with the middle of the pantyhose and tied the ends to the knobs on the headboard. Laying quiescent on the bed, I pulled her makeup kit and began rummaging through it looking for a body lotion; I knew she had to have some. Success was an expensive bottle of mild scent which seemed perfect for every place I wanted to put it. Stripping off my clothes I straddled Sandra and began rubbing lotion into her skin starting with her shoulders. I took extra care with her breasts and she started squirming under my ministrations. I worked past her pussy and down her legs until I ran out of skin; the aroma coming from her crotch was thick and spicy.

My cock was only at half-mast at best so I saddled back up to her chest and placed my dick on her lips. She happily complied by opening her mouth and sucking me to hardness. Feeling the steel in my bone, I slid back down her body and placed my cock at her nether lips. Her hips came up to accept me and I slid in. Her cunt was warm and inviting and I appreciated the distinct pleasure of nesting in her wetness. She was already rolling her hips begging me with her body to pump her when I ordered her to lace her legs in mine. It is an old technique of mine that restricts my movement (slows down my response) but forces my pubic bone right onto her clit. We began to grind in studied, strong thrusts and Sandra began to whimper and thrash her bound hands. Whimpers turned to moans and then to cries as her orgasm wracked her body and her body shook.

No longer patient for my own release, I hoisted her legs until her knees touched her chest and her pussy was completely open to me. She was a gash of red and wet as I plunged my cock back into her and began my frenzied assault. With each thrust she grunted "uh, uh," which only encouraged me to try to go faster and deeper. I was pounding hard against her puss when she begged me to cum. "Cum in me," she pleaded, "I need it now." That was all the encouragement I needed and I felt the splooge rise in my balls. With a short yell I shot a wad deep in her cunt. Her hips bucked once and she came again as a second wad stretched my cock in exquisite pain and pleasure.

Catching my breath, I reached up and released the ends of the ruined pantyhose. Before I could untie her hands, Sandra reached her arms over my head and pulled me down to face her. She began kissing my neck, my lips and jaw, whispering "thank you, thank you." I finally reached back and rid her of the pantyhose and we fell asleep.

* *

Sometime in the middle of the night I awoke to Sandra whimpering in her sleep. She was laying on her side away from me so I slid over and nestled my flaccid dick between her ass cheeks. She responded by forcing her body back into mine. While my hand reached down to cup her pussy, I pulled the bottle of lotion out from under my back, where it had made a significant impression in my skin. The lotion was now warm and more liquid as I squeezed some onto my hand. Reaching back to her pussy I rubbed her labia and worked back to her rosebud nestled between her cheeks. Sandra responded with an animal growl in her throat and her hand moved down to grasp my cock, stroking it.

I poured more lotion on my middle finger and then placed a spurt on my growing dick. As Sandra worked the lotion into my skin and scrotum, I forced my middle finger into her sphincter. I squirted more on her asshole and buried my finger down to the knuckle, thrusting my finger back and forth. Sandra moaned a little and I took her wrist and guided my cock to her anal opening. She placed my cock on her sphincter. I pushed my hips forward and forced the head through the hard ring of muscle. I stopped a moment to let her muscles relax but she was impatient. Her hand reached back and grabbed my asscheek, urging me to push further into her heated canal. I began to pump my cock, going a little further each time, until the root of my dick pressed the bottom of her cheeks. The feeling was exquisite and her hips began a slow rotation that brought my cock back and forth, and her hand on my ass forced me to follow. We kept up that rhythm for some time until her other hand came down to stroke her pussy. I reached around and began pulling at her nipples, which were already deliciously stiff and rigid. I started picking up the pace as I felt my release starting to boil between my legs. I began ramming harder and harder, taking deeper and deeper thrusts into that incredibly hot hole. My breaths became shorter and shorter and I no longer able to hold back. I whispered fiercely in her ear, "I'm cumming!" My jizz shot forth into her depths. Her hand in her pussy became a blur and while my cock softened in her ass, she came in a quiet, shaking release. 

The next morning we awoke to sunlight reflecting on a blanket of snow. We made our way to the shower and crawled into the warm spray. We washed each other thoroughly and had a gentle fuck against the wall while the water washed over us. 

The Highway Patrol reopened the interstate that afternoon. We packed and walked towards the car. "We have to talk," Sandra said to me with great seriousness. "Do you trust me?" I asked her. She said she did and I pressed forward, "And I trust you, right?" 

"Right," was her automatic reply. She relaxed and smiled at me. "Would you like me to drive," I offered. She admitted she was scared of driving in snow and placed the keys in my hands.

* *

Three months later my boss strolled into my office and told me to pack my bags; another team was heading out and the team leader had requested I represent Tech Services. "Sandra Burkes?" I asked. "Yeah, sorry about that." I shrugged, turned back to my work and began secretly planning my next fantasy with the bitch goddess.