 It all started so innocently. She was looking for a pen pal to pass the time at work. I was looking for someone who was interested in reading my stories. I took a chance and answered her ad figuring that it would be a week's worth of fun, then fizzle. I was excited when she responded. Her reply was fun and full of promise. It simply said, "An Email friend, how fun." Taking a bold step I sent her an erotic story that is deeply personal to me, the story of an impromptu master/slave encounter. She beamed approval in her response.

The next two months did not go as I had figured. She did not lose interest in one week as I had assumed. We were learning more and more of each other every day. We stopped hiding behind our pseudo names and I am asked to call her Kimberly. The amount of sensual information was intense in nearly every message. Somewhere along the line she started calling me her master. This thrilled me to no end. I learned of all the places to touch her if I wanted to drive her wild, and that too much wine made her sleepy. Nearly every day one of us would send a dangerous message inviting the other to meet for sex. Even though our charter was to be online only, some of those invitations came very close to reality. 

My mind was floating in fantasy nearly 24 hours a day. I wrote about every thought and sent the message to my new Email love-slave for approval. She responded with stories of her own. Deeply rooted in these stories were our inner most thoughts and desires. She started having orgasms at work and I could not keep my hands out of my own pants. The whole thing was getting too erotic for both of us to handle. Our desire to touch one another had become very, very strong. This was bad, as we both are married and had agreed that we would not let this happen.

We agreed to take a few days off hoping to cool down. I was miserable and wanted so much to send messages to her. On the fifth day I was finally relieved to find a message from my Email friend. I was hoping that she also did not want to go without. In her message was nothing erotic, but her schedule for the next two weeks. She wanted me to know why she would not be answering if I were to send her something. She was off for a week and would be out of town and away from her computer. Immediately following her vacation she was to be taking a weeklong business trip to the coast. In my reply I included my schedule and a dangerous little lie. 

In the sharing our schedules she told me all about the out of town trip she has to take. In my response I told her that by coincidence I have business in that same town soon. I offered to move my trip to coincide with hers and meet her. Surprisingly, she agreed.

The Encounter

Finally we will meet, face to face. She sends me some rules for our first encounter. This is expected, as she is big on setting rules. She wants to meet in a public place, someplace safe. She chooses a bookstore. One of the big ones, with a coffee shop inside. Further instruction showed that she has obviously thought this through. Once at the bookstore, I am to find a copy of Luis Arroyo's book entitled 'Secrets'. I am to sit in the section where I found the book, with it open to any number of the pages, which show the 'Fallen Angel' series of drawings. This is how she says that she will know it is me. The rules have left no way for me to recognize her. I am excited, apprehensive and desperately hoping she goes through with this. It would be bad for me to have her not show, since I am just now making reservations for a trip I don't really have to take. What's more, I still have to convince my wife that this really is a business trip.

The day arrives, I take my flight and check into my hotel. I have just enough time for a shower before I have to head to the meeting place. Finding the bookstore is simple. Once in the store I am surprised to also find the Arroyo book just as easily. I sit and page through it. The art is all very erotic. As women pass by me and I wonder if one of them is Kimberly. I find the fallen Angel series and study the paintings, hoping for some more insight into this woman that I am about to meet. What seems like an eternity passes and there is still no contact. I start to wonder if she is going to show. What if she saw me and decided "no way"? What if she doesn't really want me? It is all driving me nuts.

I want to look at my watch, yet in case she is watching I don't want to seem impatient, so I don't. I know how time creeps by so slowly when one is waiting for a major life event. Someone has moved directly behind me. It could be someone just looking for a book, but it also could be Kimberly. Before I can turn I feel the touch of hands on my shoulders. Those hands slip down onto my chest and a voice whispers in my ear, "Hello Steve". I want to turn and see this woman who has captivated me yet remains a mystery. "Don't turn around yet", I hear coming from the whispering voice. "Show me which picture is most interesting to you." To me, one of the works in the book shows complete raw desire more than all of the others. I point to the painting showing the fallen angel with his hard penis straining up towards the woman. 

Still whispering in my ear she responds, "Very nice! That's one of my favorites." My heart pounds with excitement knowing that this woman wanted me to see such sensual desire in her. At last she releases her hold on me. I stand and turn around. There's something instantaneous that moves between us, something almost electrical. I drop the book and move away from the chair. I take in her beauty as I take her hands in mine. She softly breathes. "Hello Kimberly", I half introduce myself as I pull her closer. "Mmmm, you remembered the blue suit." Thinking of the Emails that we shared about blue suits, I smile. I also think about how horny it must have made her putting it on. I'm not sure why, but she makes little of the suit, "Sorry it's a pant suit, I didn't want to appear too desperate". She looks me in the eyes, and pulls her hands from mine. She takes my face in her hands and kisses me. It is slow sensuous and deep. It's the kind of kiss that comes from a woman who wants sex. She pulls away slowly leaving me wanting more. 

She backs away from me as if she cannot take any more saying, "Who says the first kiss is always awkward"? As she pulls away her back rests against one of the store's shelves and her retreat is halted. "I'd say there was nothing awkward about that, lady." I step towards her for another kiss. "In fact, let's do that again, just to be sure". She is looking down so I lift her chin with one hand as I steady myself with the other behind her on the self. She carefully examines my features as her head moves up. Our eyes finally meet. 

As I look into her eyes I see hesitation. We both know that this is so wrong. We are both married. Yet the desire bids us to move on, to move deeper inside. Our faces close. Instinctively my hand moves around her neck so she cannot back away again. She starts to speak but I have other plans. "Steve, I…." I find her lips and they part mid sentence allowing our tongues to meet. We are caught in each other's trap. She tries to push me back so that she can finish her sentence but the attempt to do so is weak and she succumbs totally to my kiss. Ending the kiss I remind her of what she started to say. "You what?" She looks dazed and replies, "I have no idea what I was about to say. My mind is in a fog right now." "Good, then let me lead from here on. Let's get out of this place". I take her hand and lead her out of the bookstore. She follows with no resistance and has no questions as to where we are going. 

Dinner

Hoping that she would show, I have made reservations at a restaurant that's dark, quiet, and unassuming. Dinner is good (a rib eye, a T-bone, some crab legs, and cheesecake of course). The conversation is light and we seem to be avoiding the truth about why we are both here. A glass of wine loosens things up a bit and we joke about wet panties on a platter and whether or not our snooty waiter could describe them as a special or not. We laugh out loud when we get caught imitating the waiter's voice as we joke about the panties. When the cheesecake arrives, I feel an end coming instead of a beginning. I pose a question we both seem ready to answer hoping it will provide continuation. "Which hotel are you in?" "I am at the Inn at the end of the road" "The one by the lighthouse, on the cliffs?" "That's the one. And you know what else, Steve?" "What, Kimberly?" "That's also where you will be staying tonight, my Master". She looks at me and seems to be searching for an answer to that invitation. "Oh, that's a dangerous invitation Kimberly". "Dangerous, maybe, but very real Steve". There is a nasty look in her eye as I help her with her chair and we get up to leave. "Well that was easy", she quips as she reaches up and tugs gently at my tie pulling me close. That nasty eye becomes even keener, "You want me, don't you Steve?" "Oh Kimberly, I do want you". "I want you bad". I move to kiss her again but she teases by ducking and walking away… 

The Phone Call

We arrive at her hotel room and the place is fantastic. I still haven't checked in back home so I ask an uncomfortable question. "Do you mind if I call my wife from here"? She doesn't disagree so I move to the phone next to the bed, and make the call. While I'm on the phone she opens the French doors at the end of the room, letting in the cool ocean breeze. I watch her as she basks in the cool clean air. She slips off her jacket, and is now only in a sheer black camisole over a black lace bra. She looks stunning. While I'm still on the phone with my wife, she approaches. She loosens my tie and unbuttons my shirt, kissing my chest. I try to end the call but can't. My worst fears and darkest desires heighten as she reaches down to undo my pants. Still on the phone, I am hard as a rock. She smiles that nasty smile that tells me this is turning is her on. That makes two of us who are enormously turned on. 

She lowers herself slowly to her knees before me and quietly whisper, "Yes, Master". My cock is ever so gently pulled from my briefs, as if it is very fragile. Gentle is good as I am already dangerously close to shooting my load from the way she is making me want her. She looks up for approval and I grant it. I cannot concentrate on the telephone call as she starts to lick the head of my cock. I can't remember ever being so ready so fast. I tell my wife I am listening but my fight has left me feeling ill and to expect the worst. After I think I have the wife satisfied that nothing is going on I look down. She smiles and takes this as a sign to go to the next step and hungrily takes my cock into her mouth. Her lips wrap around the head, while she slowly swallows as much as she can, her tongue dancing around the head. 

I am still on the phone but I cannot speak. I'm sure my wife can hear my breathing so I try to hold back and ignore what is happening to my cock. It does no good. Kimberly is definitely very talented. I feel my self being pushed against the wall. I cannot believe just how aggressive she is. It is all an incredible rush, having my wife on the phone as I am getting sucked. As she takes hold of the base of my cock, I look down. Mmmm, she is still wearing her wedding ring. I delight in the fact that another man's woman is sucking my cock, doing something for me that she admits she no longer does for him. She picks up the pace and I can't help but make some noise. I figure it's best to hang up on my wife but I cannot find the switch hook. I look down at Kimberly in total disbelief. Her eyes meet mine with a nasty "cum for me" look. I can feel my pleasure welling up in my loins. I can't let my wife hear this. I fumble for the switch hook, tell her I'm going to be sick, then hang up on her.

I have wanted Kimberly like this for so long, and her near constant teasing has made my desire that much stronger. I take her by the head so she cannot escape. Instead of resisting she sucks even harder. She is unbelievably sexy. I can feel myself weaken and her sucking feels as if my whole body is under the control of her mouth. A rush of pleasure drives down my back and into my cock as I start to orgasm. She freezes for a moment while she lets my cum flow into her mouth. It has been a long time for me, and my release is quite large. I know my load has completely filled her mouth. She looks at me sweetly, swallows, and then tenderly sucks me some more making sure I am truly done. I ease the hold I have on her head and drop my hands away. She teases my cock with her tongue as she pulls it from her mouth, making me jump. My cock is glistening with a mix of cum and saliva. She stares at my loins a moment with a job well done look about her. She lets go of me, and without her support I slide down the wall to the floor, completely spent. I can only watch as she stands and pulls off her pants, revealing a pair of black panties that match her camisole. Then she disappears into the bathroom to draw a hot bath… 

A Bubble Bath and Some Wine

There's a light knock on the door. I've made it to my feet finally but she is closest so she answers. The young man at the door seems a little surprised at her attire but he is purely professional as he brings in the tray. She looks at me wondering how I managed to order wine without her knowing. I tip the young man and after one more furtive glance at our expressly sexual situation, he silently disappears. 

"Well, don't just stand there, pour the wine and come to the bath with me". She turns to go but I grab her and pull her close for an embrace and kiss as I unhook your bra. I turn her around and it drops to the floor revealing her breasts to me for the first time. She takes another step towards the bath and I slip my thumbs into the sides of her panties and pull them down to her ankles. On my way back up I take the opportunity to rake my fingers up through her bush. She smiles yet pulls away, stepping from her panties and heads for the tub. I defend my actions. "You can't take a bath in your bra and panties"

She replies, "I can't take a bath without you and that bottle of wine either". She disappears the rest of the way into the bathroom and I follow. We get into the giant tub made for two. She has set the mood with candles and bubble bath. Again we share conversation and this time, more wine. I am careful to limit her to two glasses of wine. I know from our Emails what too much wine can do and I definitely don't want her sleeping on me this night. 

She is getting frisky in the tub. Rightly so, as she has not had a chance to release yet and we are a hours into our encounter. I move so that I am leaning over her, my arms on either side for support. We kiss, slowly, romantically. She is so hot that I am getting hard again even though it is still quite soon after the most incredible orgasm I have ever had. She reaches into the water, guiding my cock to her wetness. 

Her legs spread invitingly, drawing me in. Her guiding hand places my head at her opening and gives me that final "fuck me" push. I slip in slowly, water spilling over the sides of the tub as I penetrate her. She wraps her long legs around me making her much more available to my thrusts. Water is going everywhere and we are losing candles with every splash. 

With a little move from her we shift in the water. She moves so that I am sitting in one of the chair spots in the tub. She watches intently as I thrust my cock upwards, deep into her pussy. Watching me is turning her on. Things are getting wild and we lose the light of a few more wet candles. She arches and I see her hard nipples in front of me. I grab them and lightly pinch sending a sensation of pleasure down her spine. I wrap my arms around her and suck her nipples intensifying the pleasure running down her spine. With that she is ready. She moans and pants as she begs me to cum with her. Her pleads for me to cum sounds sweet and sexy in my ear. It drives me over the edge. I thrust hard as I cum. She cums hard as my pelvis drives hard against her clit from my own pleasure. Our orgasms come together in waves. 

Purple Scarves 

We are both spent and can barely crawl into bed. We fall asleep in each other's arms, exhausted. Sometime in the middle of the night I awake. I see her sleeping. I lay there and watch her. She is very peaceful looking yet sexy. It is stuffy so I open the doors to the balcony. The feeling of the ocean breeze is refreshing. She awakens from the cool breeze. "Hi" "Hi yourself". She looks surprised to see me. "Did you bring the scarves?" "Yes, Master I did". She points to the drawer where she put the scarves when she unpacked. "You are a good slave indeed. Get them now Kimberly." She slips away from me and returns moments later, producing the purple silk scarves that we have only talked about in our Emails. I gently but firmly tie her wrists with the scarves securing her hands above her head. I kiss her softly then work my way down her neck. I find a spot that makes her say, "Mmmm". I move on to her breasts, kissing her nipples, making them hard. I am excited as she is totally exposed to me and I can now have her any way I please. I nibble at her stomach with my lips, and slip my hand between her thighs. She starts to squirm and fight against the scarves that bind her to the bed as she watches me prepare to take her. 

Her passion is obviously building. "Oh, god, I can't take this", comes in between her already labored breaths. I move downward and my face hovers over her pussy. Her scent is strong and steamy. I caress Her pubic hair with my face and am instantly hard. She wants to cum so badly and is desperately trying to wiggle free of the scarves. I take hold of her ass and open her slit with my thumbs. I begin slowly, methodically licking her clit. My tongue sweeps effortlessly over her wetness, around her soft lips, toying with her clit. I drive a finger deep into her pussy. She arches and cums. As she orgasms I seal her pussy with my lips and lap her creamy gift with my tongue. Some teasing licks and her deep throaty moans tell me that she is no where near finished.

I lick some more and her clit comes instantly back to life. She again struggles to free herself and again she fails. I lift up and replace my face with my fingers and enjoy watching wiggle and squirm, totally out of control. I massage her clit and mound with my left hand as I take my cock in my right. My hunch is right. She starts watching my hand on my cock. The stroking mesmerizes her, as she watches the head of my penis strain towards her each time it breaks free from my hand. She begs me to fuck her. I start pumping my cock faster, and my left hand follows suit. She starts moaning and begging louder until she starts to scream with desire. She bites her lip and cums again. It is the loudest orgasm I have ever heard. 

I move in closer and tell her I am getting ready. She begs me to put it in her. I tell her to make me. She starts waving her wanting pussy in front of my cock, hoping to catch it in her wet grasp. Her struggle to be free is intense and the sight of her that way has me so ready to cum. Finally, she manages to break free. Taking one of the scarves, she sits up and wraps it around my neck. She pulls onto her with a force that cannot be resisted. My hand falls away from my cock and I immediately find her wet, wet, pussy. I drive in deep. She rises up and our bodies becoming as one. We are doing nothing but pure fucking now, fast and hard. I am not totally sure who is fucking whom. Together, we cry out in sheer pleasure as I empty my passion into her quivering pussy. We fall in a heap on the bed. Our loins locked in a love embrace. Both trying to catch our breath and wondering why we waited so long to make his happen.