 I hate business trips. All the travel can be wearying and boring but I have no choice in the matter. 

I boarded the airplane thinking how the four hours were going to be such a bore. I had already seen the in-flight movie and really did not have anything to do. And on top of it, I had to sit all the way in the back where it was noisy and dark. I was hoping I could move to another seat after the plane was in flight.

I went to the last row. It was a two seat-three seat-two-seat plane and the last row only had the middle three seats. I had the outside seat and sat there waiting for the other two people to show up. There were a few people in the row in front of me. The plane was almost ready to close its doors and it was barely filled. 

I don't care to fly and I really hate the take offs and landings. As the plane took off, I held the armrest tightly, the white-knuckle syndrome. We finally got in the air and the seat belt light went off. I stood up to stretch and noticed the few people that were in front of me had moved up closer to the front to see the movie better. I was pretty much by myself so I decided not to move. 

I made myself comfortable, leaning my seat back and I noticed I was a little chilly. I pushed the button for the flight attendant. He came from behind me and asked, "Can I help you?"

I looked up and saw this gorgeous face. He was about 6', very nice build, tan skin, sandy brown hair, and the most beautiful green eyes I have ever seen. I didn't know what to say, I was stunned. 

He looked at me as said "You look like you are cold. Let me get you a blanket." I just nodded my head, totally dazed. I felt rather stupid thinking he must think I am an idiot. 

He returned with the blanket and draped it over me. "Here you go, Miss," he said. Well calling me Miss only gave him more charm since I was far from being a Miss anymore. "If you need anything else, anything at all, just let me know." I said thank you and he went to the back again. 

After I caught my breath, I pulled out my laptop and started to do some work. It was very late and pretty much everyone was sleeping or had their headsets on watching the movie. 

The flight started getting pretty rough and I started to grab my armrest again. The flight attendant passed by going to the front of the plane and then on his way back he noticed me grabbing onto the armrest. "Don't care to fly, huh," he said. "It will be okay. Would you like me to sit here next to you until it calms down?" 

Well, if I didn't get a little tingle between my legs once he said that. Him, sitting here next to me - nothing could be better. I moved over a seat and said, "That would be nice", with a big smile on my face. With that, he sat down next to me, with only the armrest between us.

He told me his name was Patrick and that he had been an attendant for 3 years now. I told him I was flying on a business trip and how I really didn't care to fly. We talked for a few minutes until we hit some really bad turbulence. I jumped and without even thinking, I grabbed his hand. He smiled. After I realized what I did, I pulled my hand back and blushed.

"That's OK," he said, "if it makes you feel better, you can hold my hand."

I wasn't going to miss this chance so I put my hand back on his and said, "Well, if you don't mind, it would make me feel better." I got chills through my body thinking of his hands and where I would really like them. 

"Here, let's move this out of the way so you don't hurt your arm," as he moved the armrest up. Then our legs were almost touching and I felt myself starting to get pretty wet. I closed up my laptop and put it away. I didn't want anything to take my attention away from him.

We hit another bad spot and I jumped again and let out a little scream. He grabbed my hand tightly and put them down on my leg. All I could think was that isn't where I wanted his hand. 

I looked at him and said, "I am sorry", blushing a little. 

"It's okay. Everyone is asleep and I don't have much to do plus how could I pass up a chance to sit here with a beautiful woman?" he said, giving me his unbelievable smile. That did it; I wanted this man no matter what. I turned towards him and looked deep into his eyes. I was sure he could see the desire in them.

Next thing I knew he took his other hand, rubbed my face lightly, cupped it, pulled it to his, and kissed me like no one had ever kissed me before. I totally melted and my panties were soaking wet by then. 

I kissed him back, swirling my tongue with his, our lips gliding over each other's. He had moved his hand away from my face and slowly moved it down to my breasts. I kissed him much harder and nibbled on his lips a little, letting him know it was much approved. 

I was wearing a thin button down blouse with a lace black bra, black skirt, a black garter belt with stockings, black lace panties, and black stilettos. 

He unbuttoned a couple of buttons while still playing with my tongue. He slipped his hand under my blouse and bra. He started rubbing my nipples with his fingers. I began to squirm and let out a quiet moan. That made him rub harder. His lips moved from my lips to my neck, kissing it and nibbling it. I eased my head back to give him good access to it all. 

He moved up to my ear and said, "I have never seen a woman as beautiful as you and I was hoping for any excuse to be by you." If I didn't melt right there! 

His hand that was holding mine let go and traveled up to replace his other hand which moved slowly down my stomach and onto my thigh. I could feel myself moving my hips up to make sure he had never lost touch with me. His hand slowly went lower to the hem of my skirt while still kissing my neck and rubbing my nipple. I kept thinking 'this isn't happening.' 

He hand moved under my skirt and slid up to my soaking wet panties. He let out a little moan when he found out how wet I was. He rubbed the outside of my panties for a little bit before he grabbed the waistband and pulled them down my legs to the floor. I lifted my legs and let them fall off. That left me sitting there with this unbelievable man rubbing my nipples, sucking on my neck and just about to have his hand on my wet pussy. I was ready to cum at just that. 

He started to move his hands back up my leg and thigh when his mouth slowly moved down my chest to my hard nipple. He started to lick it with the very tip of his tongue. My nipples were so sensitive and were making my pussy ache more and more, wanting to be touched so badly. 

His hand finally got up to my pussy and he ran his fingers between my lips. Then he started rubbing my clit. I let out a little louder moan but still not loud enough for anyone to hear. His fingers felt so good playing with my clit while his tongue flicked my nipple. He had me so excited it only took a few rubs and I started to cum. I had to bite on the blanket so I didn't scream out in ecstasy. While I was coming, he stuck a finger deep inside me, moving it in and out at a good pace. My muscles grabbed on to it and wouldn't let go. 

I started to recover and his hand reached over and lifted up the armrest on the other side of me. He pushed gently on my shoulder and laid me down across the three seats with him between my legs. He put his hands on my ass, lifted my hips up to his mouth, and started to lick my pussy. A few licks were all I could take and I started to cum again. He put his tongue deep inside my pussy, drinking up everything that he could. My body started to shake.

By that time, he had figured out that I was multi-orgasmic and wanted another one from me. He started licking me again, this time using very long licks from my ass to my clit, almost as if he was trying to draw it out a little before I came again. I reached down and played with my nipples while he was doing that. He looked at me with a hunger in his eyes. I knew it wouldn't be long until I had his hard cock inside of me. 

I could tell he was getting a little anxious, and started to lick faster and with shorter strokes, hitting my clit more and more. His tongue felt so good on my wet pussy, I couldn't help but cum again, still trying my best not to moan too loud. 

After that he let my ass down, undid his belt and pants pulling them down with his underwear to the floor. His cock was so big and hard, glistening with pre-cum. I reached out to play with it but he grabbed my hand and put it over my head. He wanted to be in me so bad, he didn't want anything to stop it. 

He lifted both of my legs and draped them over his shoulder and with one full thrust, he put his hard cock deep inside me. The feeling was unbelievable; I had to moan loudly this time. I didn't even care anymore if anyone heard me; all I wanted was Patrick's cock deep inside of me. 

He paused for a second and then started moving in and out, splitting my lips far apart. I couldn't help but cum again within a few strokes. My muscles grabbed onto his cock as tight as they could. I could feel every ripple. 

That really excited him and he started thrusting faster and faster. I raised my hips to meet his. I put my finger between his cock and my pussy, getting it all wet from my juices. I then brought it up to his mouth and let him suck it off. That put him over the edge. He started pumping faster and harder, having his cock as deep inside of me as he could. His orgasm started and I could feel his cock twitching inside of me, the warmth of his cum filling me up. 

I milked his cock of everything he had with my muscles. When he started to come down, I dropped my legs down and he collapsed on top of me. I was still massaging his cock with my muscles. He would jump a little when I did it because of how sensitive he was then. He lifted his head and kissed me softly. 

I happened to still have some napkins from when my meal was served. I handed him one as he pulled out of me. He cleaned himself off and put himself back together, as did I. He sat down next to me, smiled, and kissed me deeply. Then there was an announcement that we were on the approach for landing. 

He stood up, straightened everything up, turned to me, and asked, "When is your return flight?"

I replied, "The 10:15 Friday flight." 

"I am working that flight," he said with a sly grin on his face.

"I hope the service is as good on that one as it was on this one," I said, smiling back at him. 

"I am sure it will be, if not better. We like to take care of our customers". And then he walked away to prepare for the landing. 

Now I don't mind flying as much and as for the flight home... Well that's another story.