 It's been a hell of a 24 hours for James. A cross country flight last night, four hours of sleep, then a marathon of meetings today has really wore him down. Driving back to his hotel after a day of non-stop presentations, James finally gets a chance to call his wife to check in on the family. 

Simone answers the phone. "Hey honey. How's it goin'?"

"It's been a long day. I got a lot accomplished, but I'm exhausted. I'm just now headed back to the hotel."

"Holy shit, what time is it?" She turns to look at the clock. "It's almost 9:00...well, only 6 there, but still, it's late. Have you even had dinner yet?"

"No. I'm just going to go back to the hotel and order room service and go bed. These West Coast trips kick my ass. I need some rest. I hope I adjust better tomorrow. I can't do three more days of this crap."

"I wish you didn't have to stay there three more days. I really miss you."

"I miss you too." 

"I didn't even get to talk to you last night. How was your flight?"

"Uneventful. I slept most of the way." He pauses a few seconds and continues in a lower, baritone voice, "I did have some pretty good dreams on the flight, though."

"What do you mean by that?" she asked, but didn't really need to. She knew by the change in his voice exactly where his mind was going.

"I had a dirty dream about you on the plane."

"Oh, really!"

"Yeah, it's been in my head all day. I've been so busy lately, and we have not spent much time together. I can't get you out of my head. Over the last couple of days I've been so horny that I can't concentrate on anything."

"What kind of things have you been thinking about?"

After a little hesitation and a bashful giggle, "Mostly I just think about rubbing you all over your naked body. Massaging your legs, up your thighs and hips. Kissing all over your neck and chest. And just holding you and feeling the warmth of our naked bodies pressed against one another."

With a soft moan she responds, "Mmmm, that would feel nice right now." Then abruptly changing to her normal tone, "But that's not dirty. I know what your definition of dirty is. What else have you been thinking about? What were you dreaming about?"

"Well that was a little different. That was just dirty."

"I don't think I want to know." But as her curiosity gets the better of her, Simone reluctantly inquires "What were we doing? Where? Was I on the plane with you?"

"Well to start off, there was this woman sitting next to me, and she was hot..."

Simone interrupts, "I am really not interested in how hot the women are on your trips."

James continues, "No wait this is relevant. She was a real buxom woman with a tight body. Built similar to you, but she had shoulder length blonde hair. 

"So I am sitting there in my seat waiting for the plane to take off so I can take a nap, and once I am in my seat and relaxed, all I can think about is you again. Just touching and kissing you all over. And I am sitting next to this hot woman. She's got on this snug fitting business suit with a skirt showing off her legs, and her blouse has a couple buttons open showing off her ample cleavage. Now, you know I am an honest husband, but I can't help but look. I've had sex on the brain for about two straight days, and this bombshell sitting next to me is doing nothing to help calm me down.

"So I close my eyes to keep from ogling, but I still can't keep the images of you out of my head."

Simone interrupts his little story, "Of coarse you were thinking of me."

"I was. Then I started to imagine that you were next to me, but in her clothes, with her hair..."

She interjects again, "And her tits?"

"No. Your tits. I love your tits. Yours are nice, soft and natural. Hers were nice to look at, but obviously fake and looked too hard. No fun to play with. I wouldn't imagine you with another woman's tits. That's just not right.

"Anyway, so it didn't take long for me to fall asleep. Once I fell asleep I was dreaming immediately. You were on the plane with me, but dressed like the woman that was sitting next to me, just like I imagined before I dozed off. So we're sitting there and you lean over to whisper in my ear. 'I'm horny.' you said as you reach under the coat I have folded in my lap. 'It has been too long since we've done anything adventurous. Why don't you meet me in the restroom in a few minutes.' As you got up to climb out of your seat to scoot across me, you purposely lower your ass to graze the growing bulge in my pants just to give me a little two-second tease."

"I would do that, wouldn't I?" Simone interrupts. 

"Of course you would? You're always teasing me. That's one of the things I like about you.

"Anyway, so you got up to go to the bathroom, but before I got up to follow you in, you came back because there was a long line for the bathroom. You sat back down to watch the movie and then you reach underneath my coat again and start rubbing on the outside of my pants. 'How about a little something to keep you interested during the layover?' You start kissing all over my neck and nibbling on my ear. Then you unfasten my pants and start giving me a hand job."

"Right in the middle of the plane?" she interjects.

"Yep!"

"And nobody seemed to care or notice?"

"Nope!"

"We'll see how that works out next time we're on a plane." She pauses a few seconds. "So you're getting a hand job. Are you going to return the favor?"

"That's exactly what you said in the dream. So you're sitting there stroking my dick and it's so hard and swollen that you can barely get your hand around it. As I begin to return the favor you exclaim, 'This is too frustrating.' And just like we were the only ones on the plane, you push the armrests up, hike up your skirt, and start riding me like a pony."

"How convenient that I get on a plane wearing a skirt and no panties."

"It's my dream, and that is how you dress in my dream. You had on the skirt, the buttons were open on your top to show off your huge boobs. It was pretty hot."

"And I guess in your dreams you have a dick so big that my hand cannot fit around it?"

"Yep. Nine inches long and thick enough to make you scream like a banshee every time you ride."

"In my dreams too, sweetie. In my wildest dreams."

"Ha, ha!"

"So we were fucking right in the middle of the plane, and no one notices?"

"Yep, everyone else was just acting natural. And you were riding me like it was the first dick you had had in years. That's when I realized that was dreaming. While you're slowly grinding down, trying to push me as far into to you as possible, and I've got my hands on your voluptuous round ass and watching your pussy swallow my enormous dick. Just as I began sucking on your nipples I woke up. My dick was so hard it actually did feel nine inches long and too big for your hand. It hurt it was so hard. I just started watching TV to distract myself to calm down."

"Well I don't think that dream is likely to come true."

"I had another dream last night at the hotel."

"Do want to hear this one? Was it at least realistic?"

"Yeah, that one is a little more likely. It was about you, me and stripper in Vegas having a threesome."

"I don't think that one is very likely either. And you can save me the details on that one.

"All this talk about your huge hard dick is making me horny. I really wish you were here now."

"Well I had to work mine out on my own last night. Why don't you just grab your friend out of the night stand and enjoy yourself. You can send me pictures when you're done. That way I'll have something to do when I get back to my room."

"I think I'll just do that. Except the picture part."

"Well I'm at the hotel now. I am going to go in and have a couple drinks and watch Monday Night Football in the bar. I'll be expecting the pictures in my email when I get back to the room. Good night. I love you."

"I love you too. Bye."

James collects his briefcase from the trunk of the rental car and heads for the bar.

He gets to the bar and orders his usual Johnny Walker. The Eagles are getting beat 17-3 by the Giants, which is not good for his fantasy team. He needs McNabb to score at least two touchdowns to keep his team in the playoffs. As he watches his $250 fantasy football prize slip away as the Eagles continue to fail at moving the ball offensively, he gets an email message on his phone. The message simply says "more to come later". James scrolls down the screen to open the picture attachment. He finds a sweet picture of Simone blowing him a kiss. He nearly chokes on his Scotch when he scrolls down to see a picture of Simone from the waist up, naked and lying on their bed, rubbing through her cleavage a life-like vibrator remarkably similar to the size of James's dick in his dream. 

Anxious to see what else his wife is up to, James pays his tab and walks hurriedly for the elevator. He presses the button over a dozen times to try to expedite the elevator. After what seems like an eternity, the doors open. James steps in and again impatiently presses the button for his floor several times. The doors cannot close fast enough for him. 

During the short ride, James has flashes of what he imagines he'll find waiting in his email. "She's really feeling dirty." He mumbles to himself in the empty elevator. "I wonder how far she'll take this." Walking hastily for his room, which seems like miles down the corridor, images of Simone's naked body flip through his head. His imagination is running wild and getting him so worked up that he can practically reach out and touch the images he sees in front of him; kiss her moist red lips; squeeze her ample breast; nibble on her erect nipples; grab her voluptuous hips and wrap her thighs around himself. 

The closer he gets to his room the more sexual the images get: Simone squeezing her breasts together so that the flesh bulges from behind her hands; pinching her swollen nipples that protrude between her playful fingers; masturbating with one hand as she fondles her breast with the other. By the time he actually gets to his door, his imagination has gotten dirtier as he has visions of his sex-starved wife fucking herself with the vibrator from the picture.

He fumbles around to find his key, and eventually stumbles through the door. Once in the room he frantically sets up his lap top while simultaneously unfastening his pants to relieve the strain on his throbbing cock. 

As his emails of the day come in he looks for one from Simone, hoping that this was not all just a tease. Sitting on the bed with his cock in hand, he sees her email address pop up in his inbox. He's so excited that is about ready to cum on himself already. He opens the email and discovers the embedded image of Simone. To his excitement, it is another picture of Simone squeezing the dream-size vibrator between her breasts. He moves on to the next picture of Simone pushing the phallus down her body with the tip just above her pubic area. Anxious to see what else his mischievous wife is up to, he scrolls down further only to discover that there are no more pictures. There is only a message from his wife. "Sorry to cut you off. I'm having too much fun by myself to bother with a camera. Talk to you tomorrow. Sweet dreams! XOXOXO"

"What a fucking tease!" he exclaims out loud. 

Not to be out done by his mischievous lover, James gets out his camera to take a picture of himself stroking his engorged dick. He replies to her with his picture, "You little cock tease. It's not nice to get me all exited like this and cut me off. Next time I see you, I'm going to fuck you so hard you're going to pass out from exhaustion. But for now I have to take care of my aching penis...and jerking off is getting old. I may have to go find some lonely woman somewhere in the hotel to take care of me. Just kidding. The pictures were good, but I expect a much better show tomorrow night. I ought to get back to the hotel around the same time. Please have something in my inbox when I get in."

James pulled up the erotic pictures of his wife on his computer and phone and easily got back in the mood. Staring at the giant fake cock preparing to be inserted into his wife, he imagines himself entering her as he begins stroking himself again. As he nears climax, in his mind he is penetrating Simone so deep and so hard that she cannot help but to scream at the top of her lungs. He ejaculates forcefully with disregard of where it lands. Completely exhausted, he just climbs onto the other bed in the room and passes out immediately.

The next morning, James wakes up to start the new day. Just like any other day on the road, the first thing he does is check his email. There is reply to his last email to Simone. No pictures this time, but a short message. "Keep that thing handy. You'll need it tonight for the full show...By the way, I know you were kidding about finding a woman in the hotel. Be patient, next time I see you, it will be worth the wait."

All day long James cannot calm his imagination from running wild. He could not focus on work all day. He finished up his meetings early at about 5:00 and headed straight for the hotel. He checks his voicemail on the way there. There is a message from Simone. "Hi honey. I had a change of plans this evening. My parents came over to spend some time with the kids, and we are going out to dinner. I'll call you later this evening. Sorry. I love you. Bye."

James is instantly deflated. Upon arriving at the hotel he heads straight to the bar. "Johnny Walker Black, straight up." 

He has a few more drinks and three appetizer plates for dinner before deciding to turn in for the night. As he starts to get up he checks is email on his phone, praying to something from Simone. To his excitement, there is a message...and a couple of pictures of Simone posing on their bed. "Sorry for the change of plans. If you don't mind waiting up, I'm up for a live show tonight. I'll be ready around 11:00."

James checks his watch. It's only 6:30. He has not adjusted well to the west coast time and is exhausted. 90 minutes till show time. He wants to go to bed, but he knows that if he goes back to his room he will just pass out. He checks the pictures again to motivate himself to stay awake for another hour and a half. 

As he scrolls through the pictures on his phone a familiar voice says to him, "Weren't you on my flight from Boston a couple of days ago?"

James hastily closes his phone. In his semi-inebriated state he failed to notice someone had sat next to him while looking at the erotic photos of his wife. "Yes. Yes I was." 

"I don't think we ever introduced ourselves. I'm Heather." The voluptuous blonde extends her hand.

"I'm James." 

Heather was a quite attractive woman. She had quite a shapely figure, even more so than James had recalled from sitting next to her on the plane. She was in town on a business trip just like James. She, also like James, is away from her family all week and does not know her way around town. 

They sit and talk over drinks for an hour about various topics ranging from business to favorite travels to family stories. Throughout the conversation, James frequently checks his watch. He definitely does not want to miss show time.

Heather excuses herself for a few minutes. 

James checks his watch again. It's 7:30. His phone rings. It's Simone. 

He answers the phone, "Hey, Honey. What are you up to?"

"I was just calling to see if you got my messages earlier."

"Yes I did. And I am eagerly waiting for show time at 8:00."

"Well I am not quite ready and it's really late here. How about we take a rain check until tomorrow? I promise no delays."

Heather takes her seat next to James again as he continues the conversation. "Actually, it's not that big a deal. We'll do it tomorrow. I'll find something else to do tonight."

"Thanks for understanding. I promise tomorrow's show will be worth the wait."

"Alright. Goodnight Honey. I'll talk to you tomorrow. Love you."

"I love you too. Goodnight."

"Was that your wife?" Heather asks.

"Yeah. She was just calling to say goodnight."

"What kind of show were you going to see tonight?"

"Show?"

"I thought I overheard you say something about meeting your wife for an 8:00 show. Isn't she in Connecticut?"

"Yeah...ummm", James tries to think of an explanation. "That was just something we had...uhh..."

"Was that your wife I saw on your phone earlier?"

"Huh?" is the only expression James can get out.

"When I sat down earlier you were looking at naked pictures on your phone. I thought you were just some lonely guy looking at some porn. But those were pictures of your wife weren't they? That was part of the show I overheard you talking about. Wasn't it?"

James lets out a long embarrassing mumbled "Yeeaaahh."

"Don't be embarrassed. My husband and I do the same thing when one of us is traveling." 

Heather inquires further, "So, what was supposed to happen at 8:00. You said you had to go call your wife. And now I know there was supposed to be some kind of show. What was it?"

"Well, last night she sent me some pictures as a tease, and tonight she was supposed to give me a little more. I am not quite sure what she had in mind."

"Being on the road is tough. My husband and I do that kind of thing too. It keeps our marriage interesting. And it keeps our sex life healthy." After a brief moment of silence, Heather dares to ask, "Can I see the pictures?"

James is stunned into silence.

"Oh, come on. It's not like I'm one of your buddies looking at your wife. I'm a woman for God's sake. I'm just curious what kind of pictures other wives would send."

James hesitantly pulls out his phone. As he pulls up the pictures, he is actually quite proud of what he has to show. Simone is a very sexy woman. Scrolling through the pictures he sees in Heather's face that she is quite impressed.

She nods in approval. "She's hot. You are a lucky man."

"Thank you!"

"Let me show you what I got." 

Heather pulls out her phone and opens some pictures of her own. She has at least a dozen pictures of herself in various poses, all of them tasteful, but all of them very much naked. 

Any drowsiness that James had earlier was gone. All of the feelings of lust that he felt the previous night and on the plane were raging. He was in complete disbelief that he was sitting in a hotel bar with a beautiful woman who was openly showing nude pictures of herself. 

"Here's my favorite." She says. On the screen is a picture of her very fit and decently endowed husband with a throbbing hard-on.

"That one does not do much for me." James responds.

"Oh, this one gets me all worked up." She replies. "I think we've gone well beyond normal polite conversation, so I'll just be blunt. Seeing my husband like this just gets me all wet."

The comment just sends James over the deep end. Sitting close to the bar, he is able to conceal that he is as erect as the man in the picture.

"You're wife is a really lucky woman. You seem like a good husband that loves her very much."

"Thanks. You're a pretty good woman yourself." The alcohol then makes James say something that he normally would not have the nerve to say. "And since we're being blunt. Based on what I've seen in your pictures, and by what I see sitting next to me, your husband is a very, very lucky man. You are one gorgeous and well put together woman."

"I appreciate that. After twelve years of marriage and a couple of kids, it's nice to know that men still look at me that way." After a brief pause she continues. "You're not too bad yourself. I'm sure your wife is not disappointed either."

"No, I can't complain. We've known each other sixteen years and have two kids, but we're still pretty active in the bedroom."

"Yeah, same here. Twelve years of marriage and we still fuck like newlyweds. I really hate being away from him and sleeping alone."
