 She wasn't sure it had really happened. Tana's head was swirling, an overwhelming high getting in the way of her every thought whenever she tried to focus on anything else. In spite of this, she managed to obtain her boarding pass from the e-ticket machine, shuffle though security screening, navigate the maze of concourses to reach her gate and now taking her window seat just past halfway towards the back of the plane, all the while avoiding the sea of others moving towards their destinations. For a brief moment of clarity she thought it was funny how she had managed to accomplish all that while in her trance like state.

Tana took a moment to look around the rest of the plane and was happy to see that the flight appeared to be only a third full. She hoped not many more would board prior to the departure, thinking it would be nice to be able to have the entire row to herself for the upcoming 3 hour flight. For no reason at all her thought was lost and a smile overtook her face as she gazed blankly out the window at the airport crew going through their choreographed sequence.

It had been an extraordinary business trip for Tana. Making this trip six times a year for the last two years had really gotten boring for her. In the beginning she enjoyed the work travel to the new city - satisfying, challenging work during the day, and exploring the shops and sights and sounds of the city in the evening. Sometimes she went out with her co-workers from this office, but more often than not of late she preferred to explore less popular and mainstream establishments of the arts district. The alternative and edgy crowds were as exciting to watch as the performances themselves. On this last minute trip, scheduled for one night, Tana had not been able to check out ahead of time, like she usually did, to see what was going on in town. Nor was she able to get her usual hotel. Neither of these issues turned out to be a problem for Tana.

As the flight attendant announced the closing of the cabin door, Tana relaxed further into her seat, the few passengers that had boarded since her initial survey had taken seats to themselves several rows ahead of her. Sitting back and closing her eyes, Tana's thoughts kept replaying the events of the evening, each time revealing a new dimension to the experience and a new feeling of contentment deep inside her chest.

The previous day's work for Tana had been routine, even though her office had scheduled the trip at the last minute. While this was annoying, Tana's professionalism would not allow her to sacrifice in the way of quality or intensity of her work. Since Tana was in the office for only this one day she stayed a little later at the office than normal to wrap up and was a little disappointed that her co-workers had not stayed after and offered to enjoy a cocktail after work before heading to their homes. Well, she thought, that's life. The younger ones had things to do and people to visit. The ones with families had soccer, school activities and shuttling to do. Understandable, Tana thought as she quickly put together a plan to clean up and throw on some casual clothes, and spend a few hours out to take in a meal and cocktail.

Walking the few blocks from her office back to her hotel Tana enjoyed the feeling of the late afternoon sun on her skin, and also the warmth it transmitted through her lightweight navy blazer. Tana's sandy blonde hair, full and shoulder length, tossed gently in the wind that breezed between the buildings. Her silky, cream colored blouse and navy, just-above-the-knee length skirt combined with her black heels rounded out her corporate look. Tana's figure filled the outfit perfectly, and at the young age of 33, she carried herself with a confidence that exuded sensuality as well. During her walk, Tana noticed a new arty-trendy bar/restaurant on the corner and made a mental note to check it out later.

Finally reaching the hotel, Tana started through the lobby when she felt the urge to swing by the hotel bar located just off the lobby area in the atrium. Her favorite drink, Grey Goose and tonic would be just the thing to take the edge off of the day before heading out. Empty glasses and crumpled napkins were scattered amongst the little tables and it looked like happy hour had blown through moments earlier. Tana slid onto a barstool in the empty area of the bar. The heads at the other end of the bar turned to check out Tana and then returned to the game on the tv when Tana did not make eye contact and pulled out her phone to check her messages while waiting for the bartender to deliver her icy beverage.

Just as the bartender served Tana's a male figure appeared next to her.

"Hi! I'd like a glass of ice water and bottle of Heineken," the man requested from the bartender.

From the corner of her eye, Tana checked out the visitor. He was clad in workout clothes, firm muscles making outlines under his damp shirt. He appeared to be just under six feet, she estimated by comparing him to her boyfriend of 3 years. Relatively short, salt and pepper hair made Tana guess his age in the upper 30s.

Slow to react, the man caught Tana's sideways inspection.

"Hi. How are you doing this evening?" he threw at Tana with a flashing smile.

"I'm doing ok. Just taking the edge off of the day. Thanks, you?" Tana responded, quickly gathering her wits. As she looked up squarely at him, her green eyes momentarily explored the warmth of his browns.

"I'm doing ok too. Just grabbing something cold to drink."

As the seconds of silence began to tick by, each tried not to stare at the other. Tana breathed in the lightly musky scent of this man – a combination of sweat, deodorant and cologne. She felt herself breathing in deeply and enjoying the manly aroma.

The man's drinks were delivered and he picked up his ice water and took a long draw. Tana observed the man's muscular arm, lightly covered with beads of sweat that glistened slightly in the light. After quenching his thirst, the man looked over at Tana again.

"Sorry for coming in here in these rags. I'll be gone shortly after I finish this water," he said self consciously, thinking that he was imposing on Tana's space. 

Tana smiled and said "Oh, no problem. It looks pretty casual in here. I just dropped in here before heading up to my room."

"I see. Shutting down for the evening? So early?"

"Not quite. I'm heading over to a restaurant around the corner in just a bit."

"Oh? Are you meeting some folks over there?"

"No, actually I just saw the place on my way back here from the office. Its new to me so I wanted to check it out."

"That's cool."

A few more words of small talk were exchanged about the weather, business travel and the hotel. The man paid for his beer. Silence was beginning again. He took another drain on his glass of ice water. Again, Tana took in the physical presence of this man next to and became aware of how much she seemed to enjoy him, whatever the reason may have been.

After seemingly breaking from a deep thought, the man turned toward Tana and said, "I haven't eaten yet. I love trying out new places. Are you thinking about heading over there soon? If it isn't too soon I can meet you over there and we can have dinner together. Its kind of a bummer eating alone and I would love the company."

"Well, I was thinking about heading over there in 30 minutes or so."

"So what do you think? We can meet over there in 45 minutes from now if you would like," he said expecting a positive response.

"Well..." Tana said, thinking for a moment, "I suppose we could do that. I'm not too hungry though. I just wanted to check the place out."

"Great. Then I will see you over there, let's see...around 7:45?"

"Sounds good."

With that, the man grabbed his beer, turned and headed for the elevators. A few feet away from Tana he turned and said, "Oh, by the way, my name is Matt."

Tana turned and said "Mine is Tana. See you shortly, Matt" as Matt continued toward the elevators.

Tana sat at the bar for another 5 minutes. What was she doing, she asked herself? Tana did not feel threatened at all by Matt, but she still questioned the safety of it all. Well, the restaurant was only a block away from the hotel she reasoned, and convinced herself that it would be ok as long as she stayed aware of any potential strange behavior from her new acquaintance.

As Tana headed to her room, she felt herself flush slightly with excitement, unsure of why, but thinking it was most likely that that she enjoyed the physical presence of Matt. Her relationship with her boyfriend back home had entered a plateau stage and the fun seemed to be zapped out of everything they did. Going on this dinner meeting seemed to throw a spark into her heels as she began to get ready for the evening.

Keeping her senses about her, Tana quickly showered and then threw on jeans and a casual button up blouse of a thin ribbed sweater type material. It hugged her ample 36C breasts nicely. Her jeans were nicely filled in as well, although starting to get slightly baggy from the results of the exercise plan she started last month. Tana didn't mind the loose jeans, and what the heck, its not like she was trying to impress this guy anyway - or so she tried to convince herself as she spritzed some perfume. It was about 7:40 when she left the room. It was unlike Tana to be late for anything so she was annoyed and rushing across the lobby and onto the sidewalk.

Making her way up the block, Tana noticed the sun had set, the last glow of orange illuminating the sky behind the city buildings and reflecting off of others. The temperature had also dropped, and though not cold, there was a briskness in the air. This had the effect of stiffening Tana's nipples underneath the thin sweater blouse. Tana's large nipples protruded prominently, and while this had made her self conscious in the business setting, she had not minded the stares she would get when aroused this way in casual settings. She merely accepted this as being a female with large nipples. With that she arrived to the restaurant entrance to find Matt waiting outside keeping his hands warm in his jean pockets. He too was very casual, wearing with his jeans a long sleeve button down oxford, most likely the one he had worn earlier in the day. Hi shoes were comfy looking brown mocs, wrapping up a very relaxed vibe.

"Hey, Tana. Glad you made it!" Matt said as he gently guided Tana through the door by her elbow.

"Good to see you too, Matt," replied Tana as she took in the ambiance of the new restaurant/bar.

The place had several pieces of art, ranging from paintings and sketches to free standing objects. Little halogen spotlights accented the tables. Being a Tuesday evening, the place was crowded and the hostess placed us at a table for two that had a "v" shaped seating booth. The each shimmied into their seats from their respective entrances.

Getting settled, they now each had a view of each other. The subdued lighting enhanced each other's features. Tana's hardened nipples were starting to soften but still displayed to Matt's pleasure. Their eyes roved over each other, taking in and cataloging each physical attribute. The waiter came, took orders, served food and drink while Tana and Matt made easy conversation. Topics proceeded from the light and safe to philosophical and political. Light verbal sparring, with each holding their own ground when necessary.

When dessert time came, they agreed to have another glass of wine to go along with the single slice of cheese cake they decided to split. It was almost 9:30 and their third glass of wine when they realized that they were the only customers left in the restaurant. Feeling warm inside, to two of them split the bill and headed out into the evening chill.

Tana wrapped her arms around Matt's bicep and huddled again him as they walked towards the hotel. Her nipples had come to full attention again and the one near Matt's arm rubbed gently with each stroke. While Matt realized that it was her nipple, in itself was not physically exciting. The thought of her nipple riding up and down against the back of his arm however caused the beginnings of a pulsation in his cock. Tana was aware of her nipple against the back of Matt's arm. The warmth from the ever so slight friction and Matt's body heat transmitted to Tana's own loins. 

By the time they reached the hotel lobby they were each in their own state of arousal wondering where this was going to lead. Even though it was warm in the lobby, Tana maintained her grasp of Matt's arm, to which he did not object. Walking into the atrium lounge area, Matt dropped into a big leather chair and gently pulled Tana into his lap. Their faces inches from each other, eyes questioning, lips wanting. Tana leaned closer into Matt, her eyes closing and lips gently touching Matt's. The soft warm kiss lasted for what seemed minutes to Matt but in reality could not have been more than ten seconds.

When Tana moved back slightly, Matt looked up, "Are you thinking what I'm thinking?"

She smiled.

"Do you want to do this?" Matt inquired.

Again, Tana smiled. And closed her eyes and planted another kiss. This time her lips parted. That passion of their tongues intertwined. The weight of her bosom pressed into Matt. Pulling away now, Tana's tongue licked the moisture from her lips. She glided off of Matt's lap and led him by his hand to the elevator. Once inside the elevator, Matt's hands were planted on Tana's hips pulling her into his pelvis and he kissed her.

Tana fumbled in her pocket for her key card and pulled Matt inside her room. They fell together onto Tana's king sized bed. Lying side by side they kissed passionately. Matt holding Tana's face in his hands, Tana holding Matt's torso in her. She felt under his shirt – smooth skin, just like she liked. She could feel Matt's abs rippling under her fingers with his every move.

"God this feels so good," Tana gasped.

"Mmm, yes it does. You are making me so horny," replied Matt, still no knowing if this was going to go the distance.

Matt unbuttoned his shirt between kisses and let Tana remove his shirt completely. Her hands moved across the exposed skin and grazed his nipples on the ends of his bulging pecs. Matt now slowly unbuttoned Tana's blouse and unhooked the front snap of her bra. Matt's eyes were riveted to the full breasts that spilled from each cup as they were released. The large darkend nipples were soft but puffy and moving toward firming.

"Those are amazing tits," Matt let out, and after thinking for a moment, "that go great with the rest of you."

His mouth moved down toward her left nipple while Tana's fingers pinched that nipple into Matt's mouth.

"Oh yes, suck me, lick me, yes, yes..." Tana softly begged.

Matt drew Tana's large nipple into his mouth and sucked firmly but gently. Tana's reaction was to drive her crotch up hard against Matt's leg, and then next pinch her nipple harder.

"Yes, that's it. Mmmm, yes, I love that. Don't stop." Matt's tounge danced across the rubbery softness of Tana's nipple. He slowly worked his left hand up to Tana's right nipple and tugged on her elongated button. Stretching her right nipple with his fingers as he continued to suck Tana's left nipple. Tana responded with a unexpectedly loud moan.

"God, I am so wet. I can feel my wetness."

Matt's erection was pinned against his right leg in his jeans, also creating a big wet spot where his precum was starting to ooze through. Tana's hand grasped what she could of his member and stroked up and down. Matt knew he wasn't huge, only six inches erect, but he knew it had substantial heft and was more than enough to satisfy most women.

Together they stood, without a word and removed their clothing. Collapsing back onto the bed their warm bodies embraced. Skin on skin. Soft delicate parts touching other parts. Matt lay on his back as Tana straddled him, her warm juices and soft mound grinding into Matt's cock, without penetrating.

"Oh, fuck, yes, that feels so good," Tana breathed.

"Keep going, Tana, yeah, that's it."

Tana's breasts dangled above Matt's chest. Her nipples dragged across his with each grind from Tana. The tempo increased and her tits slapped against Matt's chest. Matt reached up and grasped each breast in his hands. His forefinger and thumb firmly rolled and pulled on each nipple.

"Oh my god! Yes, oh yes..." Tana's hair covering her face as her sodden pussy and clit continued to grind against Matt's member. Tana was going over her edge and her rhythm changed that of humping and pounding her clit against Matt. Her breaths became rapid and contained small grunts of pleasure each time her clit squished against his dick.

"Mmmm, yes, I'm going to cum. Yes....unh.........nuh.........unh...oh yes, god, unh, unh, unh, yessss....ooooooooh," Tana's clit throbbed against Matt as she pushed the final, endless grind onto Matt. "Ahh...yes."

Matt enjoyed being Tana's source of stimulation and orgasm. Tana's juices had coated his groin. He rolled Tana onto her back and gently nibbled on her neck then slowly kissing his way down to her navel. The scent of Tana's juices was intoxicating. He slid his lips down onto her sopping pussy. It was hot, sweet, and sticky. His tongue softly explored the folds as he sucked and licked her juices. Looking up he could see Tana's chest heaving up each time he flicked across her swelling clit.

"Mmm, yes. God that feels good." Tana reached down and grasped Matt's head and pulled his face hard onto her clit while also thrusting her hips forward to meet his mouth. Her arms formed a "v" that pushed her tits together and forced her nipples up high as she came.

Matt, moving with a primal instinct, lifted his face from Tana's soaking pussy. Positioning his cock against her slippery lips he leaned his chest over Tana until her nipples pushed against his own. Slowly and easily, Matt's cock glided into Tana. She could feel his width parting her and filling her. Matt could feel her hot glove glide over his cock. Fully immersed, Matt withdrew until only his head was still inside. Quickly he rammed inward, repeating several strokes. Tana gasped at every breath, reach up and locked her fingers around Matt's neck and let her pussy, enveloped around his cock, take in deeply every thrust.

Tiny beads of sweat glistened on Matt's chest as he pursued his goal. He could feel himself approaching the edge. Tana could feel increased wetness, if that was possible, as Matt's veined cock continued to pump her wildly.

Matt's eyes closed tightly. His face lowered to Tana's. His mouth open almost touching hers. Tana could feel the warmth of Matt's breath as his body tensed and simultaneously the warm fluid began coating the inside of her pussy. She could hear the sloppy wet sounds as Matt's strokes began to subside. Slower, and slower. Softening, Matt came to rest, his semi hard cock resting inside Tana's well lubricated fold. She felt his weight on her. 

Both cooling off. Tender whispers and giggles. Sleep. The start of something new.