 His cock was so fucking beautiful! 

I had suffered through a long boring day at my job as an accountant, and for the last couple of hours my mind kept wandering to sex. I kept thinking about how beautiful and exciting my boyfriend's cock was when it was standing up, fully erect. By the time I got home my panties were damp and I was horny. When I came in the front door, I was really hoping he would have arrived before me, because I really wanted that big, beautiful cock of his, but the apartment was silent, so I assumed it was empty. When we had talked the night before, he wasn't sure if he could get back from his trip today. 

I guess he didn't get home from Kansas City after all tonight, I thought. Sigh . . . another night with the vibrator. Then I heard the squeak of the old desk chair we kept in our home office upstairs. Oh yes, he's here! I tiptoed up the stairs and peeked into the office. He was leaning back in the desk chair and he had nothing on. He was obviously looking at some kind of porn on the Internet because he was stroking his erect cock, oblivious to anything else. There wasn't a sound track so I assumed he was reading a story rather than watching a video. And oh yes, his cock was just fucking beautiful. I just stood there, fixated on his gorgeous cock. He had an open bottle of red wine and a half full glass sitting next to his computer display. 

My first reaction was to yell at him for being a pervert. But I kept my cool as I realized that what I was upset about was that he hadn't waited for me. How could I be upset with him for doing the same thing I did when he wasn't available? A flash of lust swept through me as I focused on his tool. I wanted to jump into the room and grab that big cock and slurp it into my mouth. 

But wait. What's the rush? I could just step back and watch. He had no clue I was there.

So I did. It felt so nasty, watching him masturbate when he didn't know I was there. I unbuttoned the top buttons on my blouse and pushed my hand inside my bra and began to caress my left breast while I watched Rick stroke his cock. He obviously wasn't in any hurry, as his strokes were very slow. He would start with the palm of his hand on the head of his cock, smearing the pre-cum over the head and his palm. Then he would wrap his whole hand, slick with pre-cum, around the shaft and slide it down until he hit the top of his balls. He followed this with a matching upstroke and then began polishing the knob again. Occasionally he would reach up with his other hand and use the mouse to drag his view down the screen, enabling him to read more of the story, or to bring the glass of wine to his lips for a sip.

I wondered what the story he was reading was about. I knew he liked to read porn, but he had never shared his tastes with me, and I had never seen him masturbate before. Of course I assumed that he did, because virtually everyone does. But assuming that he did, and actually watching him jerk off, were two entirely different matters. This was making me so horny. I pulled my conservative grey woolen suit skirt up around my hips, yanked my now soaked panties down to my knees and then let them drop to my feet. I carefully disentangled my sling back pumps from my panties and pushed them away while my hand cupped my now naked sex. Then I reached up and unhooked my front fastening bra and pushed it away from my tits. Now as I watched Rick stroke his cock, I could play with my tits and with my pussy. My nipples were like hard little pebbles and when I pinched them between my thumb and forefinger, it sent a shock straight to my pussy. I was standing with my legs spread and two fingers of the hand not on my tits jammed into my sloppy wet pussy. Fuck! So good. So nasty, watching him masturbate while I did the same thing. 

This went on for several minutes, until I decided I would be a lot more comfortable sitting in the big armchair in the office. I pulled my bra out of my blouse, and tossed it over to where my panties had landed. I buttoned my white blouse back up, dropped my skirt back down and straightened the suit jacket, so that I looked like I had just come in from work.

This is going to be fun, I thought, as I walked into the room.

"Rick!" I exclaimed. "You got back from Kansas City early!"

He jumped like he had received a shock. His first reaction was to try to cover himself, but he quickly figured out that was futile.

"Hi," he stammered. (I didn't think it was possible to stutter on a two-letter word but he did). "I didn't expect you to get home from work this early." More stuttering. He was so cute when he stuttered.

"So I see," I said. I picked up his wine glass and his bottle and walked away from him swinging my hips and the wine bottle and drinking deeply from the wine glass. I bent over to place the wine and the glass on a small table to the right of the armchair. As I refilled the wine glass I made a point of sticking my still fully clad ass (well mostly clad, but he couldn't tell I wasn't wearing panties) towards him. Then I turned back towards him and flopped down in the armchair opposite him. "Is it a good story?" I asked. I took another sip of wine as I waited for him to answer. 

"Ahhhh . . . Yes." 

I crossed my legs and let the sling back on one of my shoes slide off the heel so the shoe swung from my toe as I flexed my ankle. I smiled at him, but just a bit. It was the kind of smile I used when negotiating with someone at work that had lied to me and I knew they had lied. More wine while I let him dangle in silence.

"Oh that's nice wine," I said. I set the glass down and picked up the bottle to see what we were drinking. I really couldn't have cared less whether it was Chateau Lafitte or Two Buck Chuck. I was just playing with him.

"What's it about?" I asked returning to the real subject at hand.

"Ahhhh. . . A couple that goes on a trip to the Caribbean."

"And what happens then?" 

"They have a lot of sex."

"Really? Is that the best you can do? Was it with each other or someone they met?"

"Uhh . . . Both."

"Did they fuck?" I said emphasizing he last word. I took another sip of the wine. It was closer to Two Buck Chuck, but I didn't really give a fuck what the wine was like at this point. It was just a prop.

"Yes."

This was fun. I was torturing him. The only problem was that his dick was wilting. I reached around behind my head and released my long dark hair, letting it fall onto my shoulders. I knew he always found it sexy when I did that, especially if I shook my head a little to get it all hanging down, as I did now.

"Did she get her pussy eaten?" I asked, still a little harshly.

"Which she? There was more than one."

"Really? How kinky. Actually, I guess I don't really care which she got her pussy eaten as long as there was at least one. The only thing I love more than reading about someone easting pussy is when you eat my pussy." I took another sip of wine. Yes, It really was Two Buck Chuck.

"I know," he said. 

I finished swallowing the sip of wine and put the tip of my finger into my mouth and sucked on it for a moment. "But lets get specific. Did the girl in the couple that was making the trip get her pussy eaten? Maybe it was her first time?"

"Yes, but it wasn't her first time."

"By who?"

"Well . . . several people."

I unbuttoned three buttons on my blouse and pulled it and my jacket aside so that he could see most of my tits.

"Oh how nasty. I love it. Were they men or women?"

"Who?"

"The people who were eating the girl's pussy," I explained sounding just a bit exasperated. As I spoke I reached inside my blouse and began to massage my right breast. I also crossed and re-crossed my legs so my skirt rode well up my thighs. Torturing him was fun.

"Well, there were several men and several women and they were eating each others' pussies and sucking each others' cocks."

"Was this before or after they fucked?" I uncrossed my legs and let them spread just a bit.

"Yes," he responded. "I mean both," he clarified. I noticed that Rick was finally getting the idea of what I was doing as his hand had slipped down to his cock and started to stroke it again. It quickly began to recover.

"Sounds like an orgy." I finished the glass of wine and then finished unbuttoning my blouse and pushed it and my jacket to the sides, so both of my tits were fully exposed. Now he had to know I was playing with him, since I never went to work without my bra.

"It was. They were all at a dinner party at one character's beach house and they were watching porn movies after dinner. Pretty soon there was more action in the movie room than on the screen . . . God you have beautiful tits," he said, unable to stay focused on the story. 

His cock was almost fully erect again. I really wanted to suck it, but there were other ways to carry on this conversation. I pulled my skirt up over my hips and threw one leg over an arm of the big overstuffed armchair I was sitting in. His cock jumped when he realized I wasn't wearing any panties. Now I was pretty fully exposed, even though I still had my business suit more or less on. Oh fuck, I was horny!

"Then what happened?"

"I don't know. That is as far as I got when you walked in and busted me."

I slid two fingers into my pussy and asked Rick, "How long have you been sitting here reading porn and jacking off?"

"About 15 minutes." He was rubbing the precum on the head of his cock again.

"Do you want to go back to reading your story?" 

"No. I want to finish myself off while I watch you masturbate," he said with a lewd smile.

"You mean like this," I said as I spread my sloppy wet pussy lips with one hand and shoved three fingers of the other hand into my cunt. The leather of the armchair felt just yummy on my naked ass, and I squirmed as I finger fucked myself. 

"Yes. Just like that," he responded as he began jerking his cock harder.

"You know, I've never seen you masturbate," I said.

"Are you enjoying it?"

"Mmmm. Yes," I responded. "Looking at your big hard cock with the veins on the sides and that big head is so fucking sexy." I removed the hand that was spreading my lips and put it to work on one of my tits, pulling on the nipple and pinching it between the thumb and forefinger.

"I've never seen you masturbate before either," he said. 

"Is it better than the story?" I asked. I now had one leg on each leg of the armchair so I was spread about as far as I could get. My suit skirt was pushed up around my waist like a very wide belt. I still had my blouse and the suit jacket on, but my tits were big enough so that the blouse and the coat stayed pushed well to the side, concealing nothing. Being more or less fully dressed and fully exposed at the same time was so fucking erotic.

"Shit yes . . . but watching you is going to make me cum soon," he responded to my question.

"Me too. Come over here. I want you to squirt on my tits when you cum. It's so fucking hot when a guy squirts his cum on my tits."

"You mean other guys have squirted their cum on your tits?"

"Oh yes. Lots of times."

"Really? When?"

I slowed down my strokes in and out of my cunt to prolong the conversation. Another sip of the wine, and then I said, "Well, the first time was when I was in high school, in the back seat of Johnny Simmons' car. He really wanted to fuck me, and I should have let him. He had a huge cock. But I wasn't ready, so I just let him suck on my tits and then I jerked him off. God, when he came it was a cum explosion. He sprayed his spunk all over my hair, my face, my tits, and even on my blouse. With the cum stains he left on my blouse, I had to sneak into our house through the back door."

"Did he make you cum?" Rick had slowed down his pace just like me and was slowly stroking his cock as he listened to my tale.

"No, Johnny was pretty much focused on Johnny."

"Did you make yourself cum when you got home?"

"Oh yeah. Big time!" I laughed. "After I snuck into my bedroom I peeled off my clothes and lay back on my bed with Johnny's cum dried on my tits. I spread my legs and slid my fingers into my cunt. I was so wet and so horny. I used one hand to finger fuck myself while the other one was rubbing my clit. It didn't take long."

"Like you are now," he asked. His dick was rigid as he stroked. He understood I had been playing a game with him now and he was enjoying it.

"Yes," I whispered, my voice at least an octave lower than usual.

"How many times did you cum that night?"

"Fuck. I don't know. A lot," I said.

I pulled my fingers out of my cunt and used them to lube my nipples. I pulled on them and twisted them with both hands as I sat and silently watched Rick slowly stroke his cock.

Eventually he spoke, "Oh this is so much better than reading porn and jacking myself off."

"So when was the first time you came on a girls tits? I know you like to do it, 'cause you do it to me all the time." 

"Yeah, it's fun," he said smiling. "Especially when I watch you smear my spunk all over those tasty tits of yours. Have I told you how sexy your tits are?"

"Only every time you fuck me," I responded. "But back on the subject, when was the first time you came on a girls tits?" I asked, pressing my question. 

"Mary Lou Bretton," he responded.

"More detail. Where and how?" I asked as I returned one of my hands to stroking my cunt. 

"Well, it was graduation night and we were in the back seat of my father's Ford. It was a lot like you described. We were naked, but she wouldn't let me fuck her, so she was jerking me off. At that age I had no control at all, and I just lost it and sprayed cum in her face, her hair and her tits."

"Was she grossed out?"

"I don't think so, she just said 'Now lick my pussy'."

I turned back to the wine and poured a bit more into the glass and then dipped my fingers into the glass and used the wine to lube my nipples (failing to think about how it might stain my white blouse). "Ahhh," I said as I twisted my nipple.

When I returned to earth I said, "Sorry, I distracted myself," and then I asked, "Did you?"

"What? Oh yes. You mean did I eat her. God yes. I made her cum four times before I took her home."

"Oh Rick, you're such a gentleman."

"I know, and I love to eat pussy too." 

"Good, 'cause that's what I want you to do to me, but not until you cum on my tits."

He rose from his chair, cock in hand, and strode across the room until he was standing between my legs. He resumed stroking his cock as he stood over me.

"Go on, make it cum on my tits right now. I want to see that big hot cock of yours squirt all over my chest." I put my hands beneath my tits and held them out to him.

He responded by accelerating his masturbation and within a moment or two he growled and shot a spurt of hot cum which hit my hair and my cheek. It was followed by several more shots, most of which landed on my tits, although a couple got my blouse and jacket and the last bit dribbled on my dress which was pulled up around my waist. It was so hot and nasty.

"Now, eat me, now!" I said as I began to spread his cum across my chest.

Rick dropped to his knees between my legs, which were still spread over the two arms of the chair. He leaned forward and slipped two fingers into my cunt. I was so wet and horny that there was no need to be slow or delicate about it. He just pushed his fingers into my pussy and then curled them towards the front and pulled them slowly out as he searched for my G-spot. I gasped when he found it, every time.

Not satisfied with his finger fucking, he began to lap at the outside of my cleanly shaven lips. Oh God, it felt so good. I was so hot that after just a few strokes they literally fell open and gave him access to my inner lips, which he began to devour. The combined sensation of his licking my lips and continuing to stroke the inside of my cunt with his fingers was driving me wild. 

I was crying and screaming, "Oh yes, yes, yes! Fuck, fuck, fuck! Ahhhhh! So Good. Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop!" Not very articulate for a college educated CPA, but good sex always trumps good English.

Then he moved up to my clit, which had been engorged for at least an hour now. First he blew on it. Oh, so nice. Then he flicked it with his tongue, which drew a gasp from me every time. Finally he began to suck on my clit, and I just lost it. It wasn't a slow build up and release. I had been hanging on the edge for a long time, so it was just a sharp sudden climax. Like falling off a cliff. 

"Oh Fuck! I'm cumming! Fuck, Fuck, fuck, fuck! And then I slurred into indecipherable groans and screams. My back arched and I used both hands to pull his head tight against my sex. 

Then as I came down from my climax, I tried to push his head away, but he wasn't having it. He backed away from my clit and began to slowly lick my inner lips again. He had me crying. "Oh no. No more, no more. I can't take any more! Stop. Please stop."

But he just kept licking me and pressing his fingers against my G-spot. As hard as I was saying stop, I could feel another orgasm building, and I really didn't want him to stop. Oh God. It was so good. Somehow "please stop" soon became "don't stop." "Oh, fuck Rick. That's so good. Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop." And then suddenly I came again, screaming. It was so hard, I thought I might pass out, or maybe I did. I don't know.

Then he stood and picked me up and lay me face down over an arm of the big overstuffed chair I had been reclining in. My head was stuffed down into the chair and my ass was pointed up at Rick. My skirt was still pushed up around my waist, and my jacket and blouse, still open in the front, slid down my back so that they were sort of bunched up behind my head. My tits were swinging freely beneath me and my head was pushed into the corner of the chair seat. I felt him rubbing his big hard dick (yes, it was hard again) against the mouth of my cunt and then he slid it slowly in. Oh fuck, he was so hard and so big. How did he get that hard again so quickly? He pushed it as far in as he could get, which with my ass up in the air like it was, was all the way until he bottomed out at my cervix, and then he pulled it slowly back until only the head was inside me.

"Oh, Oh, Rick. Put it back. Put it back. It feels so good," I begged.

"Oh so you liked that did you, you horny slut. You liked my big hard cock filling up that slutty cunt of yours, didn't you?"

"Oh yes, yes, I did. Put it back, I need it. I need your big hard cock in my cunt."

Again he pushed it in slowly until it hit the bottom of my cunt (Or was that the top? I couldn't keep directions straight standing on my head with my ass up in the air and my clothes wanting to fall off my head).

"Oh yes, yes! That's it. So good. So good! Now fuck me. Fuck me! Fuck me you bastard!" I said through clenched teeth.

"Are you going to cum again you horny slut. If I fuck you, will you cum again?"

"Oh yes, I'm so close already. Just fuck me, hard!" I tried to push my ass back at him, but I didn't have much leverage in the position I was in.

He began to fuck me, slowly at first, and then faster and harder. It didn't take long before I came again. "Oh yes, that's it! Fuck me, fuck me! Just like that. Oh yes, I'm cumming! Oooooooh fuck! Arrrrrgh! Shiiiiiit!" and I climaxed again.

As I came down from my climax, I felt him pulling his cock out of my pussy. "Oh don't," I said softly. "It feels so good. I want to hold your cock in my cunt," and I tried to do just that with my pussy muscles, but he escaped. I heard him stroking his slippery cock with his hand, and then he came with a groan and squirted his hot cum all over my ass and back. My nice wool suit skirt got another good shot of his cum. 

Rick sank down on to the floor with his head in the chair next to mine. He reached up with his hands, and turned my head towards him, pushed my hair away from my mouth, and kissed me, a long, sloppy, soft, tongue in mouth kiss. I could taste my pussy juices on his mouth. God, I must look a mess, I thought, with hair hanging down over my face, cum on my clothes, my chest, my back, my hair, and my face, and my clothes just hanging on me everywhere except where they needed to be to make me decent. There was also wine on my skirt, my jacket and my blouse. Somehow in our thrashing about we had managed to knock the wine bottle and the glass over and spray wine everywhere. It was the high point of my day, well and truly fucked. 
