 I was a sophomore at Western Washington University when I first met Claudia, a freshman who lived in the same dormitory I did. It was 1983, I was nineteen years old and completely sex crazed.

My previous girlfriends were cute but none whom I was completely enamored with. To say Claudia was pretty would have been an understatement; she had shoulder-length dark brown hair, blue eyes, long-lean legs and a firm bubble-butt that stuck out just a bit. She had small b-cup breasts with pert, little pink nipples that I couldn't take my eyes off when she removed her bra. She was my Venus.

We started having sex during spring quarter of 1983. She was a virgin but quickly turned into a nymphomaniac who loved to jump my bones every chance she got. She kept a diary of our trysts on her wall calendar by drawing little cartoon faces symbolizing different sexual positions, including ones indicating if I went down on her or not. 

Before we knew it, spring quarter was finished, and we needed to return to our respective homes for the summer. Claudia lived in Spokane, Washington on the east side of the state and I lived in a little fishing community on the west coast cleverly named, Westport. I worked in a supermarket and earned enough money throughout the summer to pay for my tuition, books and room & board for the following school year. 

Because of the distance, Claudia and I wrote each other nearly every day; phone calls were expensive in 1983 and sending a letter only cost fifteen cents. As the months of that summer dragged, I became hornier than a ten-peckered owl. I masturbated to my favorite Playboys, but it certainly wasn't the same as sticking my hard penis into Claudia's tight hairy pussy. She had a dark fluffy muff that I was crazy about and I couldn't wait to watch my cock repeatedly sink into her snatch. 

We were two thirds through our three-month summer "vacation" when I snapped. It would only be another month before I saw Claudia again, but I couldn't take it anymore. My balls were the size of large Kiwis so I called Claudia and told her I was going to take a Greyhound across the state to spend the weekend with her. I earned extra money as a projectionist at a drive-in movie theater in the evenings after my supermarket shift and I could afford the luxury of a booty call, though we didn't call it a "booty call" back then. 

I made a concerted effort not to masturbate before my visit; I wanted to feel the ecstatic release that only abstinence can bring. The bus ride was long and depressing; the bus station smelled like piss and I was surrounded by junkies, pimps, white-trash-types and other assorted losers. The bus couldn't get to Spokane fast enough.

What seemed an eternity, the bus finally pulled into the Spokane Greyhound station around 8p.m. Claudia was waiting in her dark grey 1978 Dodge Dart. She got out of the car and was wearing a light, yellow summer dress that went up to her mid-thigh; as she walked in front of her car (whose headlights were still on) I could see the outline of her body through the sheer fabric of her dress. We kissed passionately and I ground myself against her; I couldn't wait to get her alone...but, where would alone be? My sex-feverish brain hadn't thought that far ahead. My only desire was that I needed sex but I didn't consider the location, so I straight-up asked her, "Where are we going to have sex?" She told me, "In my bedroom, in the morning after my Mom leaves for work." "Oh, Boy!" My cock immediately stiffened, and my balls almost popped at her words. 

Claudia lived in the South Hill district and Claudia's mom owned a modest-sized four-bedroom house with a basement. Claudia's Mom was divorced and had not remarried. When we walked into the house, her mother mentioned that she had made up the sofa for me in the basement rec-room. The sofa was comfortable but I barely slept, thinking about Claudia's nude body and me sinking my cock deep inside her. My swollen member was staining against my Fruit of the Looms and I was afraid I was going to explode inside them. I started thinking about what classes I would take in the spring and my erection slowly deflated.

I woke the next morning to the sound of dishes rattling in the kitchen up the stairwell from me and the glorious smell of bacon greeted my nostrils. Claudia's mother was cooking breakfast and I bound out of bed, not because of the delicious-smelling food but because I knew in an hour, or so, I would soon be running my hands over Claudia's beautifully tight, nude body. I slipped on my jeans and tee-shirt and walked up the stairs. Claudia's mother smiled and we exchanged pleasantries. Claudia walked out of her bedroom and greeted us. 

Claudia's mother asked what we planned on doing during the day and as we slyly exchanged glances, Claudia told her she planned on showing me the old Expo '76 sites at Riverfront Park. Whenever speaking to her mom, Claudia always referred to her mom by her name, "Diane" which seemed odd to me, but I didn't give it much thought. 

After I finished my breakfast, I thanked Diane and excused myself to take a shower in the downstairs bathroom. Claudia's mother told me she had set out a towel and wash cloth for me. I told Diane it was nice to meet her and that I looked forward to seeing her later that evening after she got off work. 

Claudia excused herself, as well, to take a shower. Claudia's bathroom was a door near the kitchen pantry and it lead directly into her room. It was an odd layout. There was a second entrance into Claudia's room on the opposite wall that led through Claudia's sister's adjoining bedroom but Claudia's sister, Gina, was at camp and wouldn't be returning until after I left.

My cock stuck straight out the entire time I was in the shower. I was incredibly happy but was careful not to wash my throbbing boner too hard; I didn't want my two months wait spiraling down the drain. After my shower I wrapped a towel around my waist and crept upstairs to Claudia's bathroom. Claudia was no longer in the shower, but the lingering steam clouded up the mirrors and in one of them Claudia had written with her finger, "I'm ready for you BIG boy!" I walked into Claudia's bedroom and she was lying under the sheets. I climbed between the sheets and wrapped my arms around Claudia, pressing my body tight against hers.

We kissed and I grabbed a fistful of breast and squeezed. She moaned and wrapped her legs around by thigh. I could feel her soft, hairy pubic patch gyrating against my leg; the heat generating from that spot was intense and moist. I brought my right hand down and ran my hand over her thick pubic forest, finding her little wet slit. 

Normally, I would have gone south and run my tongue around her swollen clit, but I was impatient and wanted to fuck; by the way Claudia was feverishly grinding herself against my thigh, I knew she wanted to fuck, as badly as I did. I got on my knees between Claudia's legs and spread them apart. Claudia did not protest and grabbed my cock and guided my swollen head between her puffy pussy lips and began to rub the head of my cock on her rock-hard nubbin. I started to push my cock into her tight, moist hole. 

As I slowly worked my cock into Claudia's pussy, she began to moan and buck her hips, meeting my thrusts. With each jab, Claudia's pussy would lubricate my cock a bit more until I had sunk the entire eight-inch shaft to the hilt. I let it rest there a while before withdrawing it and pushing it back in. 

The crux of my elbows kept Claudia's legs spread wide and her calves were resting on the outside of my biceps, directly beneath my shoulders. All her bedroom lights were on and her bedroom window curtains were partially open, letting in the morning light. Our bodies were aglow in a golden hue as I watched my cock piston in and out of her hairy pussy. I was only a handful of stokes in, but my cock started to swell even larger and that meant only one thing...I was about to blow! Claudia felt it, too and started humping her hips up and down faster meeting my every thrust. 

Claudia ground her engorged clit against the base of my cock each time I pushed it all the way in. She was seconds away from coming and I was about to blow my load into her tight pussy. Suddenly, there was a knock on the door and someone rattling the locked door knob. Then we heard a voice inquiring, "Claudia? I forgot my wallet...I thought the two of you would have left by now." Claudia whispered something which was obvious to us both, "My Mom came back!" 

Unlike me, Claudia had control when she was about to have an orgasm. I, on the other hand, did not.

"What are you two doing in there?" Claudia's Mom asked. Claudia responded, "We're just getting ready to leave." This short conversation does nothing to slow me down; I'm on a crash course with destiny and I continue to pump my cock in and out of Claudia. "You've got to get off of me." Claudia whispered but I could not help myself and ignored her. I am about to cum and had no control. Claudia with her legs still high in the air yells at her mom, "Diane, get away from the door! We'll be out in a moment!"

Suddenly, Claudia's sister's bedroom door opens wide. Claudia forgot to check the lock and now Diane stands in the middle of the room with her hands on her hips and her mouth agape with no sound coming out. Claudia suddenly bolts up into a sitting position and my cock exits her vice-tight wet pussy with an audible, "Pop!" The millisecond my cock leaves her pussy, the first blast of cum shoots out of the end of my engorged penis and just misses Claudia's left check, shoots between the brass poles of her headboard and splats against the wall. The cum doesn't even have time to start dripping down the wall before a second blast of cum jets out of my cock and splashes between Claudia's breasts. Her breasts do a little bounce as Claudia involuntarily jerks knowing her mother is watching only feet away.

Completely out of my control, my cock has a mind of its own as a third load hits a direct bullseye into Claudia's bellybutton. I am aware of Claudia's mother's presence but can't stop the cum from pumping out the swollen head of my cock. Nearly two months of built-up pressure is being ejected as spouts of cum fully cover Claudia's pubic patch; there is so much coming out that Claudia's pussy looks like an overly glazed donut. 

As reality slowly starts creeping back into my brain, I look over at Claudia's mother and she is just standing there in shock as her "little girl" is being coated by the sperm escaping my cock. I am frozen in unbridled ecstasy and mortifying embarrassment, I don't move. My cock makes slight jumps with each heartbeat in my chest and small globules of cum continue to drip out of my cock extending from the head of my deflating penis and continuing down to her daughter's completely shellacked pubic region. 

Claudia's mom slowly turns around, her mouth still hanging open, and she walks out the door and closes it behind her. Her mother never mentions the incident to us but, oddly, that night, she brought my bedding from downstairs and brought it up to Claudia's room where I slept each night for the rest of the weekend.

Claudia and I fucked like rabbits for our entire relationship, but nothing matched the intensity of my orgasm as that day her mother barged in on us having sex. The combination of not having sex for two months and Claudia's mother watching me fuck her daughter and blasting loads of cum all over her was an erotic high point in my life.