 The phone started ringing at the Clarkson household around 12:30pm. Brittany rolled over on her back and answered the phone in a sleepy tone of voice.

"Hello?" Brittany answered.

"Is this Brittany Clarkson?" asked the male caller.

"Yes... This is she," Brittany replied.

"This is Mark Sampson from Corny Dog. I've reviewed your application and like what I see. Would you mind coming down for a little one on one interview session?" Mark asked.

"Sure! No problem," Brittany replied.

"Could you be here around 2?" Mark requested.

"Yes sir. I'll be there," Brittany said, as she sat up in bed.

"Thanks. Looking forward to see you in person. Good day."

After Mark hung up the phone, Brittany leaped out of bed, flopping and bouncing her braless gargantuan melons underneath her nightgown. She brushed her teeth, washed her face, hoped into the shower, got dressed, and had some breakfast before two o'clock arrived.

Normally, a person wouldn't be excited about working at a fast food joint, but this would be Brittany's very first job and she wanted the money to save on the side. Even though Brittany's parents are wealthy, they expect her to survive on her own now that she's almost done High School and was ready to go off to college.

Brittany arrived at Corny Dog and was greeted by a giant puppet Hot Dog, which happen to be their mascot.

The guy inside immediately noticed Brittany's enormous cleavage.

"Holy Shit!" muttered the guy inside the costume, as he felt his dick harden.

Brittany wore one of her father's business shirts, with the buttons stopping just below her chest. Some of the buttons had already popped out while she was trying on the shirt. Her massive tits looked like they were ready to explode from her top. She wore tight tan Capri jeans, which bulged out her enormous rear end.

Everyone in Corny Dog stopped what they were doing and watched as Brittany walked over to the front desk. The male employee working the desk, wandered his eyes down Brittany's shirt. Large globes of drool fell from the sides of his mouth.

"Excuse me! I'm here for an job interview with Mark Sampson," Brittany told the employee.

"Riiiight!" the employee blurred, as he tried to regain focus.

The employee went to the back to fetch his boss Mark. Brittany stood at the front desk and just looked around the nice, clean restaurant. A few high school students and some older males went over to Brittany and had a flirt feast.

Soon the employee came back and told Brittany to head down the hall to Mark's office.

Brittany said her goodbyes to the flirting males and headed to Mark's office. She knocked on his door and heard a voice asked, "Who is it?"

"Mr. Sampson sir. It's me. Brittany Clarkson."

"Brittany!!!! Please! Come in. Please, come in!" Mark said excited.

Once Brittany walked into his office, Mr. Sampson looked her up from head to toe and focused a lot of his attention to Brittany's chest and wandered what her huge tits would look like stretched out underneath a yellow thin Corny Dog shirt.

"Please Brittany. Have a seat. Have a seat," Mr. Sampson repeated.

"Thank you," Brittany replied with a small smile.

"So Brittany. Why is it that a beautiful girl like you, want to work in a dump like this? I'm sure you could get any kind of man... I mean, job that you want. Why here?" Mr. Sampson questioned.

"My friends and I come here a lot. I figured this would be the easiest way to earn money and gain business experience before going off to college," Brittany answered.

"Ummm. Is that right?" Mr. Sampson wondered.

"Yes sir," Brittany answered, as she stared at Mr. Sampson's pale face and large nose. She moved her eyes up to his light-brownish hair and the huge bald spot in the middle of his head. She figured Mr. Sampson was forty something; he had a decent body, and was pretty tall from how tall his seat was.

Mr. Sampson stood up from his seat and walked behind Brittany. He gripped onto her shoulders and massaged them a little bit.

"You made the right choice by coming here for some job experience Brittany. If you want to be a cook, the kitchen is the right place to be. If you want to handle money, a manager or supervisor is right up your ally," Mr. Sampson said, as his eyes trailed down between Brittany's heaving tits. "I have an extra female uniform you could try on, to see if it fits until I can place an order in for yours."

"So I got the job?" Brittany asked.

"Yes busty... I mean Brittany. You have the job," Mark confirmed.

Mark unfortunately released his grip on Brittany's shoulders and pulled out a female Corn Dog uniform for her to try on.

"Um Sir?" asked Brittany. "The shirt looks kind of small and I didn't have any clean bras. So I don't have a bra on at the moment."

Mr. Sampson's cock began filling up the front of his tight uniform jeans.

"That's ok Brittany. It's just a try one. Only my eyes will see," Mr. Sampson said with a devilish smile. "I have a bathroom right here in my office that you could use."

"Thank you sir."

With that, Brittany headed into Sampson's bathroom. She closed the door hard but the door ended up opening back up just a little bit for Mr. Sampson's eyes.

"Hmmm! Look at those huge fucking titties," moaned Sampson. 

Brittany's shirt dropped off her shoulders and her bare F cups jiggled and bounced for Sampson's delight. 

"Oh god! I must have those," Sampson moaned, as he reached into his jeans and stroked his cock.

As Brittany bent over to undo her shoes, her enormous orbs hung down like cow udders. Sampson's cock grew harder, as the bowling ball size tits hanging from Brittany's chest memorized him.

The yellow Corn Dog shirt Brittany slide over her giant whoppers, stopped at her big nipples. The huge, round bottoms of Brittany's tits were left bare. The uniform jeans she had gotten were kind of tight around her hips. They made her ass look fatter.

Mark couldn't contain himself and blew his load in the inside of his jeans. Once he began breathing normal again, Brittany headed towards the door and Mark ran to his desk. Brittany didn't put her shoes back on, so she came out wearing the yellow socks that go with the Corny Dog uniform.

"Beautiful!" Mark gasped, as he felt his cock become hard again.

The yellow shirt stretched outwards and Brittany's big nipples poked through the thin material. The bottoms of her massive mounds jiggled slightly with her movements.

"As anyone ever told you that you have such a nice pair of breasts?" Mark said.

"Dozens of times sir," Brittany responded, as she put her arms to her sides and thrusted her huge titties forward. The yellow shirt started to tear on the sides, as Brittany's breasts stretched the material to its' limits. "Sir? I think this shirt is about to tear. Do you have any other shirts?"

Mark walked over in front of Brittany and moved his hands under her the smooth bare bottoms of her melons. He traced his fingers over the bottoms and tickled them. Brittany giggled to his actions.

"They feel so smooth and very full," Mark said, as he squeezed the bottoms as best as he could. "Hmmmmm! They feel so soft for being so heavy."

He brushed the backside of his hands under Brittany's tits a few times, making her jump and gasp. He could see Brittany was very turned on by this. Her nipples started growing bigger underneath the shirt. Her nipples poked through the shirt like bullets.

"So Brittany. Having your tits pampered turns on you huh?" Mark teased her, as he locked his fingers onto Brittany's nipples through the shirt.

He pulled and twisted her nipples. Brittany moaned softly, as Mark Sampson, her boss, played with her nipples. He scissors Brit's nipples between his fingers and started tweaking them. He pulled Brittany's nipples outward and stretched them from her mammoth jugs. The shirt stretched outwards with her nipples and Brittany moaned louder. Mark jiggled and bobbed Brittany's giant tits up and down by her nipples. The sight of Brittany's tits moving under the thin shirt caused Mark to orgasm.

"Oh God! I need to leave some cum for you. I've barely done anything to you and yet, I'm gushing out cum like a geyser," Mark said, as he released Brittany's balloon like tits and placed his hands on her huge ass. "Now this is a butt I could eat out for days."

Mark smacked Brittany's ass and watched her cheeks ripple under the impact. Her tits also jumped which extremely turned Mark back on.

"Let's get you out of these jeans shall we," Mark suggested.

Mark got down to his knees behind Brittany. Brittany unfastened the uniform jeans and Mark pulled them down and around Brittany's feet. Mark was face to face with Brittany large bubbly ass, as her ass cheeks stretched out from her panties. 

"Ohhhh! Such a lovely ass to match those titties," moaned Mark.

Mark grabbed Brittany's ass firmly through her cotton panties and give her cheeks several squeezes. He grabbed the sides of her panties and wedged them up into Brittany's ass crack, so her butt cheeks were bare.

Mark wasted no time and planted kisses all over Brittany's ass cheeks. He kissed, sucked, and licked every inch of Brittany's beautiful ample buns. Brittany stood there and moaned the whole time, feeling Mark's slippery tongue outlines her ass cheeks and his hot mouth suck and kiss them. That was enough to make Brittany's panties soaking wet.

Mark rubbed his nose at the bottom of Brittany's panties. He smelt and felt the dampness. He moved the bottom part of her panties aside, so her hairy, juicy cunt was exposed. Mark immediately sucked and eats out Brittany's pussy from behind. His hands were all over her large ass cheeks while he ate her pussy like a starving man.

"Oh Mark! That feels... so.... good!" moaned Brittany.

Mark used his tongue and lapped at Brittany's cunt walls. Mark grabbed Brittany's panties and pulled them down to her feet. Brittany stepped out of them, as Mark resumed sucking and licking her pussy. Her pubes tickled up against his face, as he barreled deep into the core of her pussy and sucked her wet clitoris.

Brittany squeezed her big tits and buckled her knees, as her whole body trembled with a massive orgasm. Her cum came pouring downs her thighs and onto Mark's face. Mark sucked his lips at Brittany's pussy entrance and drunk as much of her cum as he could. He kissed and licked on Brittany's thigh, as he moved his attention to her ass.

"Ahhhh! Mark! Eat my ass! Oh Jesus!" cried Brittany.

Mark repeated his pussy eating performance with Brittany's asshole. He pushed his head between her soft ass cheeks and savagely probed his tongue in her crack. Brittany pushed her luscious ass up further into Mark's face. Brittany has never recalled anyone eating her ass out before. So her boss was the first person and she was loving every second of it.

Juices flowed from Brittany's pussy and ass likes never before, as Mark assaulted her asshole. Mark pulled his head from Brittany's ass and parted her cheeks. Brittany's asshole was throbbing red from his sucking.

"Now it's time to fuck these incredible holes of yours," Mark said, as he stood up behind Brittany and dropped his jeans.

Mark bent Brittany over his desk and rubbed his cock at the entrance of her asshole. He spitted in his hands and lubed his cock up. He rubbed his wet cock all over Brittany's big cheeks and dragged his huge heavy balls up and down her ass cheek. 

Brittany could tell her boss didn't have a really big dick, but his balls were huge and fat. Mark plunged his entire cock inside Brittany's anus. Mark started drilling away at her ass hard and pounded his crotch against her jiggling butt cheeks. Brittany stood on her tippy-toes, as her boss fucked her between the ass cheeks.

"Ummm Brit! What an ass Brit. Such a fuckable ass," cried Mark.

Brittany laid her upper body on top of Mark's desk. Her gigantic knockers, still covered by the thin yellow shirt, bulged out to her sides, as Mark lifted one of his long legs up and placed a foot on the side of Brittany's face. Brittany could smell the stink of her bosses' foot, as his toes wiggled into her skin and the sole pressed flat down into her cheek.

Mark slowly pulled his cock from Brittany's ass and slowly thrusted it back inside. He took his foot off her face after thrusting her like that a few times. He held onto her hips and pounded furiously into her ass. His enormous balls bounced against Brit's wet cunt. His balls were being soaked in her pussy juices. Mark's once pale skin, had now became red and sweaty as he pounded Brittany from behind for several minutes.

Brittany trashed her head and arms around on Mark's desk, knocking over papers, a lamp, among other things.

Mark give Brittany's tender asshole one last thrust, before he pulled out and jerked his cock. He sprayed his hot cum all over Brittany's huge ass. He rubbed his spurting cockhead on the inside of Brittany's ass crack. His thick cum dripped down her jiggling cheeks, thighs, and the back of her legs, and inside the walls to the crack of her ass.

"Don't worry baby. I'm going to fuck that pussy once my cock gets hard again from sucking those titties I've been dying to feast on," Mark said, as he flipped Brit over onto her back. Her massive tits swayed hard under the shirt and they flopped out on their own.

"Hot Damn those things are huge!" gasped Mark.

Mark's cock already started to grow hard after seeing her tits flop out on their own. He cupped both of her big tits and started to perform oral to her right tit. 

Mark was still memorized by the size and softness of Brittany's tits. He first suckled on Brittany's right nipple. He then closed his mouth around her large areola, with her big nipple being assaulted by his tongue inside his mouth. He sucked on her areola hard and wished that milk would flow into his mouth. Mark pressed Brittany's huge boobs together and alternated between sucking her nipple and areola.

Mark couldn't miss the chance and buried his head between his newest employee's massive bosoms. He squeezed them around his head and loved how soft and smooth the breast flesh felt on his skin and around his head.

Brittany wrapped her legs around Mark, as he continued to devour her tits for a half an hour straight. Brittany had came all over Mark's crotch while he sucked her tits.

Mark released his hands and mouth from Brittany's breasts. He looked down at her mammoth balloons, as they rose and fell, covered in his saliva. Brittany's once pale tits were now marked with Mark's handprints and teeth marks. His cock had already been fully recovered and he lubed it up with his spit and thrusted it deep inside the walls of Brittany's creamy hairy snatch.

Mark pushed his hard cock all the way up Brittany's cunt hole. His huge balls squished against her pussy lips, as he thrusted from deep within Brittany.

"Ohhhhh! Your pussy feels so good!" moaned Mark, as he pressed his udder body against Brittany's and fucked her pussy.

Mark's nipples pressed hard into Brittany's mammoth melons. Her nipples equally dragged and rubbed up and down Mark's hairy chest, as Mark thrusted in and out of her cunt.

Mark arched his back and pounded Brittany harder and harder. Her huge sweaty tits wobbled and flopped with freedom. Sweat dropped off his body and soaked into Brittany's own sweaty skin. The yellow Corny Dog shirt was soaked in sweat and still bunched up above Brittany's heaving chest.

Mark picked Brittany and held her in his arms. His cock was still impaled in her pussy, as he fucked her standing up and her legs wrapped around his waist.

"Ahhh fuck! Yes! Ohhhhh fuck! YES YES YES!" cried Brittany, as she held onto Mark's body tightly.

A few people in the front area of Corny Dog, could hear moans in the far distance. One employee even went to go check out the moaning noises. 

As the employee got closer to Mark's office. The moans and cries got louder and louder. Soon the employee stood right outside his bosses' office and heard his boss groaning. The employee opened the door slightly and saw Brittany's legs separate over the arms of Mark's chair and Mark himself drilling his cock into the busty girl's swollen cunt.

"Oh shit!" whispered the employee, as his cock instantly became hard.

He watched Brittany's legs shoot up into the air, as Mark thrusted faster and harder. Besides the moans and cries the employee heard, he could also hear the sounds of Mark and Brittany's crotches squishing together.

"Oh... Oh God!" gasped Mark, as he pulled his warm pussy juiced-wet cock from Brittany. 

Mark stood up over the chair and jerked his cock at Brittany's flushed face. His enormous sweaty balls bounced and shook with each stroke. Brittany's mouth was wide out, as Mark shot a massive load of cum, all over her sweat-drenched face. The second shot he blasted right down Brittany's throat. The remaining small blasts, he covered the parts of her face he missed with his first load.

Brittany grabbed Mark's cock and sucked the rest of his cum out. Mark looked down at Brittany, as she stroked and sucked his cock, with thick cum oozing down her face.

The employee blew his own load, as he watched the big-breasted girl, suck and blow his boss.

"You're so perfect for this job!" said Mark, as he stepped down off the chair and helped Brittany up.

She smiled at her new boss, with his cum still dripping all over her face. Brittany used the yellow shirt to wipe some of his cum off.

Once Brittany got cleaned up; she headed out of her new workplace and couldn't wait to tell her friends about her exciting job interview.