 "Oh my God, look at that woman; she's incredible," I thought to myself as I approached the figure standing next to the freeway on-ramp, her right arm extended, thumb pointing up.

I'd just finished four days of sales in this city, meeting with more corporate reps than I cared to remember. Business had been good, with some existing contracts extended, plus a couple of new ones I was glad to land. I was only 27-years old and had started out on this business venture of mine about three years ago, and yeah, things were coming along even better than I'd hoped. It would keep this Mercedes of mine filled with gas for the next year or two, that's for sure. 

Happy but exhausted, I was just getting ready to head for home. I'd called my wife after the last meeting and told her I was on my way. Leaving in the late afternoon like this, I'd probably make it home by midnight, if I just grabbed some drive-thru on the way, kept the speed up and didn't have any distractions along the way. But as I spotted the statuesque figure standing next to the curving road leading to the highway, I quickly realized this was a distraction I definitely had no objection to. 

I know all the things I'm gonna say now were burned into my brain in just a few seconds after spotting her; but with a woman like this, that first impression is something you never forget. 

The first thing that entered my mind was how tall she was; she had to be at least 6'. And considering that I'm only 5'-6" tall myself, I'm pretty good at judging things like this; especially when it comes to women. I mean, my wife is only 5'-1", so I definitely notice women who were the height of this one. Not only was this woman tall, but she was big, and I mean BIG, everywhere; and what she was wearing definitely showed off that voluptuous buxom figure of hers to its best advantage. A woman like this was something that had inhabited my fantasies for years; big powerful busty women who knew what they wanted, and how to get it. A shiver of excitement ran down my spine as my eyes hungrily roamed over her.

I'm gonna start at the ground and work my way up, much as my eyes did as they were drawn magnetically to her incredible lush form. She wore a pair of strappy high-heeled sandals, with light-colored straps running over her painted toes with another slim strap around her ankles, sufficient to hold the sexy pair of heels in place. I could see that although she didn't need the extra height by any means, those delicate sandals had what looked like a nice slim 4" heel, the added lift making her legs look fantastic. 

Speaking of her legs, she stood next to the road with her legs spread more than shoulder-width apart, her right arm extended for a ride while her left hand carried a big black duffel bag. I guess standing with her legs fairly far apart like this helped her to distribute the load from the duffel bag, but I didn't care, looking at those spread legs had my cock twitching already. My eyes instinctively followed the narrowing V of her spread legs upwards, the gap between them getting smaller and smaller when all that was left was about an inch before those strong full alabaster columns disappeared beneath the hem of a faded black denim miniskirt.

With her legs spread amply apart like this, the skirt was drawn taut across her full thighs, the soft-looking fabric seeming to strain against the pressure her body was putting it through. It caressed her upper thighs in a tight embrace before it too disappeared under the bottom of her purple sweater, the overlapping garments flowing enticingly over her wide womanly hips. 

The sweater hugged her ample body invitingly, molding itself to every lush curve and flowing contour. From the bottom up, it narrowed nicely as it formed to her full hourglass figure, her wide hips giving way to a sensually-indented waist. What really set her waist off was a wide brown leather belt, cinched tight over her sweater. The warm-looking leather band circling her waist looked incredibly erotic for some reason, seeming to hint at the pleasures this women's tremendous body was capable of if that sexy belt was untethered.

My eyes continued upwards over the sexy wide belt, but not very far before the snug sweater almost overshadowed the belt, a truly spectacular pair of tits thrusting forward in a gorgeously voluptuous shelf. The sweater was sleeveless with a deep V-neck that showed an incredibly deep dark line of cleavage. The outsides of the V flowed outwards as they rose to her shoulders, amply displaying a generous amount of soft-looking tit-flesh, the impressive swells threatening to spill over the plunging neckline of her top. 

Her tits were huge; there was no doubt about it. They were remarkably round, and massive, the sweater stretched almost to the bursting point as her two voluminous orbs filled the soft fabric with more than it could take. At first glance I had thought her sweater was kind of a maroon-purple color, but as I got closer, it seemed to be of some iridescent fabric that shifted in the light, the area right over the front of her big round tits taking on almost a deep bluish tone in the late afternoon sunlight.

My eyes followed the inviting line of her cleavage upwards over the smooth creamy skin of her chest to her face, which was rapturously beautiful. She had full sensual lips, which looked unadorned with lipstick, but her wide full mouth and pouty lips looked made for cock-sucking. She had a slim aquiline nose which gave her a regal look. Her eyes were dark and mysterious, shadowed by long dark lashes and accentuated by dark curving brows and high pronounced cheekbones. 

Her dark hair shone in the sun, the shimmering tresses flowing like black silk far down over her shoulders. She wore it parted slightly to one side, the lustrous flowing curves of hair framing her sensuous face attractively.

Her skin was creamy white, and there was plenty for me to see in this strangely bizarre outfit she was wearing. It stood out boldly against the dark colors of her clothes, yet looked incredibly soft and touchable, just calling for a hand to reach out and explore the wonders lying beneath. 

Like I said, all this shot through my brain in milliseconds after I first saw her. All in all, she was breathtakingly beautiful. What made her so impressive was not just that she was a nicely put-together package; it was her overall size that made her all the more attractive; at least to me. This wasn't some little skinny waif, like my wife; this was a full-bodied woman; an Amazon no less. She was definitely a BBW, but not a chubbette. She looked like someone who had always been big and full-bodied, one of those women who always seem to retain just that alluring bit of baby-fat throughout their entire life. She looked as if she could easily go over to 'the other side' though if she didn't take care of herself. She might gain that weight and get that real chubby look someday, but right now.....she was just really big.....and absolutely perfect. I thought of all those fantasies I'd had since I was a teenager; the countless number of loads I'd pumped out of my throbbing cock while picturing what a woman like this would do with me. Yes, a woman like this was definitely the things that dreams were made of. 

A truck in a rush hurtled past me with his horn blaring as I slowed to a crawl. It shook me out of my trancelike fog back to reality. I couldn't believe she was actually standing here hitchhiking. I was shocked that a gorgeous woman like this hadn't already been picked up by some lecherous horny bastard just like me. I had a very conservative nature, and had never picked up a hitchhiker in my whole life, but seeing this woman with her thumb stuck out changed everything. I immediately put on my blinker and pulled over, edging completely off the road as I came to a full stop just past her. I hit the button and rolled down the passenger side window as she stepped up next to the car.

"Hi, can I get a lift?" she asked, her low purring voice cutting right through to my stiffening prick. As she leaned into the open window, I got to see her face close up. Fuck....she was beautiful. Her dark hair, dark eyes and full sensual mouth gave her an exotic look that made her look incredibly hot and sultry. Yes....sultry was definitely the word to describe the warm sexuality that seemed to just ooze from every luscious pore of that large magnificent body of hers. She leaned on the side of the car looking at me, a playfully suggestive glint shining in those smoldering dark eyes of hers. I felt a lurch go right to my swelling dong as I struggled to reply.

"S....sure, just....just throw your bag in the back," I stammered, my thick tongue catching in my throat as my heart beat rapidly. She opened the back door and slung her duffel bag in before moving to the front. I looked over as she opened the door and climbed in, her large frame feeding my hungry eyes as I watched her long muscular legs slide in, one after the other. My eyes were drawn to the insides of her full creamy thighs as one leg came in first, then the other as she settled herself onto the leather seat. With that short little skirt, I was able to catch a glimpse all the way up to the cockpit, a nice pair of white panties barring my view of what I'm sure was a succulent fleshy cunt.

"Nice car," she said, her large imposing body and warm feminine scent filling the inside of the car bewitchingly. All of sudden I felt embarrassed about my own slim form, knowing I only topped out the scales at about 140 pounds, and that would have been soaking wet. Looking at her closely, I pegged her for somewhere between 30 and 35; again, she fit the picture of my older fantasy woman perfectly.

"Thanks," I replied sheepishly, pulling the car back onto the road and swiftly merging onto the freeway. "How....how long were you waiting there?"

"Oh, I just got there about thirty seconds before you showed up." That figured; with a killer body and pretty face like that, I knew she couldn't have been waiting long. "Thanks again for picking me up. Where are you headed?"

"Chicago. What about you?"

"I don't know," she answered with a big sigh, "anywhere but here."

"That doesn't sound too good. Is everything okay?"

"I guess you'd say finding out my drunk of a boyfriend had blown most of my savings gambling isn't really what you'd call 'okay'."

"What? Really?"

"Yeah, I should have seen it coming. I thought of leaving him once before, but now I'm totally done with that asshole. The problem is, the house we were living in was his; left to him a couple of years back after his mother died."

"Oh my God, I'm so sorry." I didn't really know what to say; she was in a spot, that was for sure. The least I could do was give her a ride somewhere. I saw her look down at what she was wearing, and then she turned to me and spoke, a note of exasperation in her voice. 

"Oh geez, I must look ridiculous. I just got out of the shower when he showed up drunk and I found out what he'd done. I pulled on the first things I could find, threw some clothes in my bag and took off out of there. I'm sorry, nothing in this outfit seems to match at all."

"N.....nonsense; it looks great." Fuck, did it ever. I had to agree that nothing really matched, but on her spectacular figure, the whole bizarre outfit looked fantastic.

"Thanks, that's very sweet of you to say that, even though I know I must look ridiculous. My name's Stacey, by the way." 

"Gil," I replied, "my friends call me Gil."

"What's your real name?"

"Uh.....it's Gilbert." I'd always felt embarrassed by my nerdy-sounding full name.

"Gilbert; I think that suits you better," she responded with a nod of her head. "I'm gonna call you Gilbert." She extended her hand towards me.

"Uh, okay," I said, taking her big warm hand in mine. She could call me whatever she wanted, and for some reason it felt special that she was not going to call me what everybody else did.

"Nice to meet you, Gilbert." Her large mitt almost enveloped my own small hand as she gave it a single powerful shake before letting go, a dazzling smile brightening up her lovely features.

"Nice to meet you, Stacey." I paused for a second as she turned back in her seat and settled in, obviously relieved to be getting away from an unpleasant situation at home. "So, you're not sure where you're headed?"

"Right now, on a nice day like this, I'm just happy to be out of there. I guess I'll end up wherever the wind blows me."

"No family or a friend's house to go to?"

"Nope, free as a bird. I've got nobody to report to, I can do whatever I want, whenever I want; just the way I like it." The seductive tone in her voice gave rise to a myriad of swirling images as I wondered at all the things she might be capable of doing. Feeling a surging twinge go through my rising pecker as I looked at her tremendously heavy tits in profile, she continued speaking, her words bringing me back to reality. "This is a pretty nice car. Did Daddy buy this for you?"

"No, I bought it myself."

"How old are you?"

"I'm 27."

"You're 27 and you have a car like this. What did you do, win the lottery?"

"No, no such luck. Actually, I started my own business in software distribution just a couple of years ago, and, touch wood, things have been pretty good so far. That's how I can afford a car like this."

"Well, congratulations. Good for you. I'm 34 and I've never been anywhere close to being able to have something like this." She paused for a second and looked all around the interior of the Mercedes before continuing. "Any room in your company for an administrative assistant?" she asked, looking at me coyly. Her question shocked me, coming totally out of the blue. I had a small staff of two women and two men, and I knew the way the company was taking off, things were improving and there would be a need for more, eventually. I then thought of what it would be like to have this woman as an employee, and how I'd try explaining that one to my wife. She knew I did all the hiring, and one look at this delectable Amazon and I'd be in deep shit for sure. Fortunately, before I could respond in any way, Stacey bailed me out.

"Hey, I'm just screwin' with you." She said with a little chuckle that broke the tension in the car. "Looks like my question kind of caught you with your pants down, so to speak." The suggestive expression was not lost on me, and I felt myself blushing, from both embarrassment and at being tongue-tied from trying to come up with some form of response.

"No....no, it's not that," I stammered, trying to recover some dignity. "It's just a small company right now." I couldn't get the idea of seeing her every day at work out of my head though. "Administrative assistant, is that the kind of work you do?"

"That, amongst others," she replied, looking at me with a mischievous little glint in her eye. "You'd be surprised at all the things I can do." Oh fuck....as I listened to her sultry soft voice say those provocative words, I felt another surging pulse go right to my cock, the swelling cylinder throbbing in the confines of my underwear. Again, she seemed to sense my discomfort and broke the mood with another question.

"So, what about you? Got a wife or girlfriend back home?"

I felt a huge lump appear in my throat. I thought about lying, but I didn't want to start going down that road. "Yeah, a wife."

"Have you been away on business?"

"Yeah."

"How long?"

"Most of the week."

"I bet she misses you," she said, a bit of a teasing look in her sparkling dark eyes.

"Why do you say that?"

"A handsome man like you, well, I'd miss you if it was me." That devilish twinkle was definitely there as I looked over at her, another pulsing throb going right through my midsection. I could feel myself flushing with embarrassment as she looked at me, the upper swells of those huge tits moving up and down invitingly with each breath she took. Seeing me struggling to keep myself under control, she lifted her hand and fanned her face. "It's kind of hot in here, would you mind turning up the air conditioning a little bit?"

"Yeah, sure. No problem." I was happy to move, shifting slightly in my seat to relieve the pressure from my aching cock as I reached forward and cranked up the air. 

"That's better," she said, reaching forward and adjusting a couple of the air vents on her side. I noticed that she turned the louvers of the one near the console downwards and towards the middle of her seat, until it was pointing right at her crotch. She then adjusted the one on the other side, directing the flowing air right at her heavy thrusting tits. "Is it okay if I sit back and cool off for a few minutes?" she asked coyly.

"Uh, sure. Do whatever you want," I replied, anxious to see what she'd do. She sat back and closed her eyes as she settled into her seat. Watching her close her eyes gave me free reign to look at her, my eyes flicking back and forth between the road and her lush Amazonian body. I almost gasped out loud as her creamy thighs started to roll open to each side. My eyes opened wide as the gap between her legs widened; more and more of the soft creamy flesh on the insides of her large milky thighs coming into view.

"Oh yeah, that feels much better," she said softly, her voice a throaty little purr as she sat back and let the cool air wash over her sumptuous form, a soft smile of contentment on her face. I was going crazy looking at those widely spread legs of hers, my eyes flicking back and forth between the freeway and the gorgeously lewd display going on right next to me. A minute or so passed quietly as she sat there, enjoying the feeling of the cool refreshing air washing over her in flowing waves....and then it hit me....the wickedly alluring scent of warm cunt. As the scintillating fragrance wafted into my nostrils, I almost lost control of the car in my initial shock. Was that what I was really smelling? I breathed deeply, wondering if my senses had been deceiving me, but sure enough, that's exactly what it was. I felt a tremulous shiver of excitement run down my spine as I continued to inhale, reveling in the musky womanly scent of this gorgeous creature next to me. As I sat there and breathed deeply, totally mesmerized by the alluring bravado of this magnificent sexy woman, my pecker had become a thunderously hard cylinder of flesh, straining against the confining fabric of my underwear. 

"So," she said suddenly, her voice startling me once again, "are you driving right on through to Chicago, or were you going to stop somewhere for dinner?"

"Well, my original plan was to just grab something quick on the way and drive straight through," I admitted. She nodded, and I could see a bit of a disappointed look on her face. It suddenly dawned on me that if she'd taken off out of her place in a hurry, she likely never thought to grab anything to eat. In all likelihood, she was probably getting hungry. "But on the other hand, it might be better to stop somewhere and have a nice bite to eat." I still didn't know where I stood with this woman; maybe she would just want me to drop her by the freeway so she could be on her way. "What do you think of that idea, would you like to get some dinner?"

"I have to admit, I am getting kind of hungry. And that sounds really good, but I have to admit something."

"Uh, what's that?" I asked curiously.

"I don't really have very much money on me," she answered matter-of-factly.

"Oh well, I....uh....I guess that would be okay. Look, it'll be my treat. How's that sound?"

"That's very nice of you. But really, I don't want to be any kind of burden."

"Look, it's no problem. Hey," I said with a little chuckle, "I can write it off as a business expense."

"Okay, I can go along with that," she replied, laughing along with me. 
