 Busty Brabra Walks Home From School

with stops along the way

Barbra Biggerbouncy skipped down the school steps, one of the last students to leave the building. She had had to attend another Student - Teacher conference with Mr. Longchamp, her math teacher. 

He had once again disapproved of her appearance. Her blouse was much too tight he had said.

Barbra had had to agree but pointed out to Mr. Longchamp that it had fit only two weeks ago. It was too expensive to buy a new school blouse every time her bra size expanded another cup or two, she told the teacher.

After letting him examine the problem in depth she had sucksessfully negotiated a compromise. Mr. Longchamp had again proven the worthiness of his last name. Barbra licked the last of the proof from her lower lip as she bounced across the street to the local candy store.

The bells hanging from the door tinkled as she pushed it open.

"Hello, Mr. Pantisfull!" she chirped.

"Hello Barbra, how's my favorite High School Senior?" inquired the distinguished looking proprietor. Being located directly across the street from the local High School assured his business of a steady clientele and one of the perks in the past couple of years or so had been the chance to watch the development of "Busty Brabra". Every one called her that behind her back.

"Oh, Mr. Pantisfull, I'm going to graduate in a couple of months." she pouted prettily. "I'm almost an Alumnus!" She puffed her chest out proudly as she announced this. A maneuver that was not lost upon the shop owner.

"Yes, you're almost all grown up," he acknowledged as he looked her over. At almost five foot tall, Barbra filled her school blouse to overflowing while her shapely legs descended from her almost too short skirt. All the girls wore the same outfit to school but somehow the effect was completely different on Barbra.

"Golly, Mr. Pantisfull, I've still got a lot of growing to do," Barbra responded as she perused the candy behind the large curved front glass case, looking for her favorite, All-Day suckers.

"THERE they are," she exclaimed as she bent over to look at them on the bottom shelf. "You keep moving things around," she complained.

"W, w, w well, I think I've found the perfect place for them now," he stammered as his eyes gazed into the deepest cleavage he had ever seen. A third button had come undone when she bent over and the edge of her over burdened bra could just be seen. Flesh bulged up exuberantly as if striving to reach the sun light!

Flesh was also starting to bulge in Mr. Pantisfull's groin. She always had this effect upon him.

"Can I have a cherry All-Day Sucker?" she asked, heaving herself upright again. She seemed completely unaware of the resultant titanic undulation under her blouse. A fourth button gave up the fight.

"Sure", the overwhelmed man responded as he reached stiffly for the chosen treat. "We're having a special, Barbra, buy an All-Day Sucker and you get your choice of any one item from that jar on top of the counter." He pointed up at a glass jar almost directly overhead. He had fussed with the positioning of these several items for almost twenty minutes earlier that day. If the results were what he hoped...

"Golly, gee whiz, I can just barely reach" Barbra exclaimed as she leaned forward and up trying to reach the jar over the curved front display case.

Mr. Pantisfull moaned deep in his throat. His fussiness had paid off! In spades!

Her massive breasts crushed against the glass less than two feet from his rapt gaze. As Barbra shifted and moved, her gigantic breasts rubbed against the glass, being mashed out of shape. Pressed flatter, they were forced beyond the sides of her chest. Another button collapsed in defeat. As the chill of the glass penetrated Barbra's blouse and bra her nipples erected, becoming massively enlarged. 

Watching from below Mr. Pantisfull stared as her movements caused her breasts to press against the glass, sliding ponderously from side to side while her nipples became more and more evident. 'God,' he thought, 'how could anyone so young be so overwhelmingly stacked?'

Finally making a choice Barbra settled back to her feet and Mr. Pantisfull rose to offer her the All-Day sucker she had asked for. 

"Gee, golly, thanks!" Her blouse was now unbuttoned almost half way down but she seemed unaware of the dramatic cleavage prominently displayed for Mr. Pantisfull.

"Um, Barbra, did you steal some of my jumbo gum drops?" His voice seemed to almost quiver as he asked the question.

"Golly, gosh, NO!" She was upset at the accusation. "What makes you say that?"

"Well," he pointed a shaking finger at her chest. At the tip of each behemoth breast was a large bump centered behind the shirt pockets.

Ignoring the inches and inches of creamy flesh exposed by her parted shirt Barbra slid her hands to the protuberant masses. Each was almost an inch high and even wider. They did look like the extra jumbo sized gum drops in the candy display.

"Gee whillikers, you always make that mistake Mr. Pantisfull," she chided him. "These are just my nippy's come out to play!" she tweaked each one and thrilled to the jolt of pleasure that shot thru each immense bowl that sported the engorged nipple. Quickly turning she locked the front door and flipped the sign to CLOSED before she came to stand in front of the perspiring store owner. She had thought Mr. Pantisfull might not have time to play their little game today!

"See?" She pulled her shirt to either side so Mr. Pantisfull could see her bra with the nipples straining to burst through the fabric of their restraints. "My nippy's are all happy and want to play. Do you want to play with them? They're a lot of fun to play with, you know."

Having played with them often in the past Mr. Pantisfull knew full well how much fun they were. And how much both of them enjoyed all the other things that they did most every afternoon. 

"Here, you tweak them. I like that. Ohhh, you have a nice touch Mr. Pantisfull Keep tweaking them and rub my titties!" As she said this she was skillfully undoing his belt and lowering his trousers. His dick was straining at the fabric of his boxer shorts.

She stepped closer to him, her bra bursting tits sweeping against his lower stomach as she swiveled her shoulders from side to side. His hands were pressing her tits together forcing an improbable amount of breast flesh to surge together and up out of her bra cups. Each bulge equaled about a C-cup he estimated and her bra cups were still filled with massive amounts of jiggling, quivering, pulsating flesh!

She had freed his straining, erect man-meat, and was stroking it appreciatively. 

"So, nice, so big," she cooed up at him. "I love this big hard dick so much. Let me kiss it, please?"

Nodding helplessly Mr. Pantisfull watched as she pursed her lips and allowed them to lightly caress the leaking end of his boner. Her tongue darted out to lick up as much of his leakage as possible.

She slowly inhaled the first several inches of Mr. Pantisfull's hard on. She just loved to drain the juices from hard dicks like his!

Twenty minutes later Barbra flipped the sign back to OPEN as she left. Mr. Pantisfull was slumped on his stool behind the counter. He had done well, Barbra thought happily. He didn't always have two loads for her. It must have been her mashing her tits against the case. She promised herself to do that the next time she came into the store. She just loved to tease men with her body. Now that she had the biggest titties in town, she had lots of chances to flirt with guys. And older men were more fun. They may have thought that they could resist the temptation of "Busty Brabra" but she knew better.

Just across the street was Mr. Longdangler's news stand. It was a popular curbside newsstand offering local and big city newspapers, magazines and smokes.

As Barbra approached she noticed that Mr. Longdangler was reading something that he was holding below the ledge that separated his customers from his side of the kiosk.

Suspecting what she would find, Barbra snuck around the side of the kiosk and hopped up on the stack of newspapers waiting to be sold.

"What 'cha reading Mr. Longdangler?" she asked with a smile.

"Oh, uh, hello Barbra," blurted the news vendor. "I'm just checking out some of the latest items that have come in today." He tried to stuff the magazine out of sight on the shelf behind the kiosk's wall.

"Lemme see," demanded the overdeveloped youngster. She leaned across the ledge to reach the magazine he had been looking at.

"Golly, gee whiz, Mr. Longdangler," she chided, "there are pictures of naked women in this magazine!"

Ignoring both Mr. Longdangler's attempts to retrieve the magazine as well as how her breasts were on such prominent display as they rested on the ledge, Barbra quickly flipped through the pages. She stopped occasionally to check out the layouts of the women. 

"Huh, not so big!" Flip, flip. "Gosh, I'VE got bigger tits than her!" Flip, flip, flip. "I've got bigger titties than HER!"

She closed the magazine and glanced at the cover.

"Colossal? That means big, doesn't it, Mr. Longdangler? Is that the name of the magazine, Mr. Longdangler? 'Cause I don't think the girls in this magazine are so colossal." 

She looked down at herself smugly, her tits resting on top of the ledge. This forced them up, bulging massively above her bra, her cleavage was epic! Her chin was almost resting in the cleavage between her enormous breasts. They stretched out so far in front of her that they overhung the far edge of the foot wide shelf by several inches. And being supported by the shelf they were not their usual rounded shape but instead flattened out to either side. By a lot!

"I mean, golly whillikers, I'm bigger than any of them!" she stated haughtily. "Here, I'll prove it to you!"

She hopped down from her perch and swiftly entered the small door on the side of the kiosk. She was short enough that she could not be seen unless someone leaned over to look inside.

"Here, now you hold this," she handed him the magazine. She quickly doffed her blouse and bra.

"See, Mr. Longdangler. Go ahead, pick any page. I bet I'm bigger than any of them." She arched her back, causing her immense amplitude to jut out toward the slack-jawed vendor. "Go ahead! See if you think any of those women are as big as I am!"

Barbra posed quickly, imitating several of the pictures that she remembered. She crushed her breasts together between her forearms, forcing her tits to project to an impossible degree. Then she cupped them from below to accentuate her cleavage. After a moment she pinched her nipples and finally made a quarter turn and, arching her back, stuck her chest out while inhaling as deeply as she could to cause her breasts to jut out immeasurably before her.

"This was one of my favorites," she said as she made a fist of each hand, placed them over her nipples and pressed in and up. This caused her breasts to flatten out in all directions. Above, her smiling mouth was just visible between her humongous tits. Below her navel was framed by her gigantic tits. "Do you like this one, Mr. Longdangler?" she inquired.

"Guh, ahhh," Mr. Longdangler was speechless. In front of him stood a young girl with the largest possible tits. She was showing them off to him, asking if he thought they were big or not. They were the biggest tits he had ever seen and their proud owner was not even nineteen yet!

"Do you like my super big titties?" the young vixen asked softly.

"Hey, Mac, you want my money or what?" Apparently the man had been waiting for several seconds. His voice jerked Mr. Longdangler back to the present.

"Yuh, sorry. Here's your change."

"You oughta get rid of that TV if it's gonna distract you like that," grumbled the customer as he left.

"Oh, look, I think you do like my big, huge boobies," exclaimed Barbra gesturing toward the obvious bulge forming half way toward his knee in Mr. Longdangler's trousers.

"Muh, dang, little girl, you've got the biggest set of tits I ever did see!" gasped the news vendor, the magazine hanging unnoticed in his hand as he stared at Barbra.

She busily freed his straining erection from his baggy pants.

"Oh, yummy! You got a real nice one Mr. Longdangler. Now, what can I do with this? I know! You'll really like this if you like big titties."

Reaching out she eased him toward her until his quivering rod was snuggled between her vast bosom.

"Now, you watch for any more customers while I take care of this, Mr. Longdangler" cooed Barbra.

Both hands came up to squeeze her breasts together. Mr. Longdangler's erection completely disappeared from sight.

"Do you like that? It's so soft and warm between my big titties, isn't it? Do you like it better when I rub them up and down?" Suiting action to words she began to caress his boner between her tits.

This brought a moan from Longdangler.

"Oh, I want to get this nice big dick all wet and slippery." Barbra husked. Demonstrating amazing oral control she ducked her head and took his entire hard on deep into her throat. Gagging slightly from her enthusiastic deep throat she drew him back out and reinserted him between her mega melons.

Barbra looked up. His eyes were directed outward but she doubted that he was actually seeing anything. She smiled to herself. He was really getting off on her immensity. His hips began to thrust against her. 

Within minutes he had ejaculated forcefully. Not a drop escaped her cleavage. 

As she massaged the copious jism into her skin she grinned naughtily up at Longdangler. Can you make it again, Mr. Longdangler?" she asked. "I'd really like to suck a load from you. After all, I didn't get to taste any of this yummy stuff." She brought a finger's full to her mouth and salaciously licked the length of her finger before inserting it deep between her lips.

It only took her a few moments to get him back to full length and then, despite her desire to prolong the action, he was cuming a second time within a few minutes. 'Boy howdy,' she thought, 'men really can't resist my big titties!'

"See you tomorrow, Mr. Longdangler," she chirped as she exited the vendor's stall. 

The store she entered next was only a few blocks from her house. Madame Marie's was a clothing store for Young Women that, among other things, provided approved uniforms for the students at Barbra's school.

Hearing the muted buzz in the back of the store as she entered, Barbra waited at the counter for Madame Marie to wait on her. She had shopped here several times before, but she had sensed something about Madam Marie the last time she had been here. Had it been her imagination or had Madam Marie spent more time than necessary checking out her chest? 'Wait until she sees me this time,' she thought to herself. 'I'm a lot bigger than I was the last time.'

Just them Madam Marie came from behind the curtain.

"Ah, oui, it is little Barbra" Madam Marie said in her affected French accent. She had been born Mary Maidenhood in Chicago but she felt an accent added a touch of class to her shop. And she charged a little more for it as well.

"HI ya, Madam Marie. I need another blouse. This one's gotten a little too tight." Madam Marie's eyes dropped to Barbra's chest and Barbra thought she saw them widen just a little bit before the proprietress recovered.

"Ah, mais no, ma petite chou-chou, how long has it been since last you were here?'

"Just a couple of months." Barbra decided to see if she could push some buttons. She knew men liked her super big titties. Maybe women did too! If her hunch was right she would really enjoy this shopping trip. "But I've gotten sooo big, sooo fast." She drew out the words, emphasizing her bust line by taking a deep breath while pulling her shoulder's back.

Madam Marie's eyes glued themselves to the prominently displayed bosom in front of her. There were gaps between all the buttons and the girl's breasts were obviously bulging out of the sides and cleavage of the bra. And those huge nipples! Her mouth started to salivate at the sight. There was something about this girl. with her huge titties! Madam Marie loved women with big titties even more than she loved men. And this girl was the most oversized Madam Marie had ever seen. Certainly for her age and maybe at all! 

"A bien tot," she husked. Her grasp of French was just good enough to get by in a small town. "If you will this way come, please. 

Madam Marie whisked Barbra into the private fitting room, trying not to stare at the young girls chest as it slowly rose and fell as she walked. She signaled a sales woman to watch the main floor while she was with her young customer.

"Now, we'll see what is what, non?" Madam Marie said as the drapery swung closed behind them. "Off with the blouse, little one. We must, the measurements make, non?"

"All righty," agreed Barbra as she began to unbutton her blouse. As she worked she watched Madam Marie's reaction to the massiveness being slowly revealed. 'Honestly,' she thought to herself, 'Madam Marie is drooling!' 

"Ah, oui, and now the bra. Zat thing is horrible. It does not fit you. An undergarment should always be flattering, non?"

"Okey-dokey, Madam Marie." She reached behind her back and unsnapped her over burdened bra.

Barely able to suppress the gasp that rose in her throat, Madam Marie beheld the young girl standing right in front of her. Unfettered the girls breasts hung proudly. Wider than her shoulders, they occupied every square inch of her torso north of her navel. And the jut! They projected proudly in front of her a full foot or more Madam Marie estimated.

Recovering quickly from the arresting sight she moved to the other side of the room and picked up her measuring tape.

"The measurements we must now make. You seem to have grown since last you were here." She approached her busty young customer.

"Yeah, I'm still a growing girl," Barbra said complacently. Looking downward she gently shook her shoulders. In response her vast wobblers jiggled and shook. Peeking up under her eyelashes she watched as Madam Marie's jaw dropped at the erotic sight.

"You don't hafta measurer me, Madam Marie, I know what my measurement is. It's...

"Non, non, non. A proper fitting we must do. The bra, it is too small, that is the beginning of your problem. Then the blouse must be fitted. The standard sizes, they will no work with Barbra," she declared.

"Well, if you say so." This will be fun! She's almost shaking just looking at my big chest. She acts funnier than the guys!

Kneeling in front of the busty girl, Madam Marie swiftly wrapped the tape around Barbra's hips and waist, making jottings on her pad of paper. 

"Thirty and twenty-two," she mumbled in amazement.

On her knees Barbra's breasts were just at the height of her lips. They quivered and shimmied in front of the thunderstruck seamstress as Barbra breathed.

Reaching behind Barbra, Madame Marie pulled the tape taut just below the young girls massive, heavy boobs. "Twenty five." She noted the number on the pad.

"Now for the piece d' resistance," she declared as she reached to pass the tape behind Barbra. In reaching her face came to rest between the mammoth pillows of flesh. Reluctantly she withdrew to check the measurement.

"Not much tape left over," she mumbled to herself as she wrote the final number on her pad. "Almost fifty inches! So young! So big!"

"And see, if I..." Barbra tweaked her nipples. This oughta get a reaction she thought. Under her ministrations her ever eager nipples sprang to attention as if spring loaded.

Madam Marie gaped at the sight of the young busty girl as she manipulated her growing nipples.

"I think you ought to remeasure," said the buxom teenager. "When my nippys come out the measurement goes up."
