 So I'd been chatting to this young girl online called Lucy. When I'm bored, or in the office, I occasionally go on this forum and I remember reading once about how this girl had mentioned that she was naturally big boobed, wearing a 28H bra but a size 6 jeans.

Information like that never slips out of my mind and it got locked away somewhere safe. I couldn't deny that the thought of boobs that big on such a small frame excited me but it was just a fantasy element of a girl that was completely unobtainable.

Over the coming months, I'd comment on posts she'd make and vice versa but I always thought it simple banter that would come to nothing. After about four or five months she began to have problems with her boyfriend which she talked about on the forums. I offered a comforting ear, trying to make her feel more confident about herself and reminding her that she could do better.

We went from exchanging dialogue on the open forums to private messaging and although her impressive chest remained in my mind I found that as we communicated more, I began to like her personality. Although she was only 20, she seemed funny and switched on but lacking a little self confidence, especially with the run around she was getting from her BF. I was 20 years her senior and although felt a little bad about how it might be construed that I was grooming her, I enjoyed our dialogue.

She dumped him and we went from private messaging into the realm of texting. One Friday a couple of weeks later she asked if she could talk to me that evening and so I gave her a call. Her voice was soft and sweet and hesitant but I took the conversational lead and we had some good banter.

Chatting to Lucy was great and I began to fantasise about her young little body with those massive tits. How she could be feeling under appreciated or unconfident with such an amazing body was beyond me. Surely every guy that she came across in her daily life would be hitting on her? Surely she was aware of the power of her cleavage and that she could literally pick and choose who she wanted to talk to?

She confessed they got her plenty of attention when she was out and how she always got groped and mauled by guys in clubs, even to the point of simply expecting it. Yet she didn't seem to accept that they were her ticket to catching the eye of the better quality eyes or the ice breaker to shoot for whichever guy she fancied.

Though I was offering advice and acting like a father figure, I didn't want her to think I was completely asexual or put me into the dreaded friend zone. So after a week or two of chatting and texting, I just came out and texted her to say that I'd been thinking about kissing her and what it would be like to take her on a date.

She didn't seem to be put off and admitted that the thought had crossed her mind as well. My heart, and loins, were literally skipping and although I didn't want to come across that I was only after one thing, I was determined to see her and try to show her the kind of good time that previous men in her life hadn't.

She'd never been taken on a date and she'd never been whined and dined. So we agreed to meet up and I drove halfway up the country to meet her in a public place so that she felt comfortable. We got on really well and although I was worried that she would think I was too old and find the idea of touching me weird and repellent, she seemed surprisingly tactile once we'd got over the initial embarrassment.

I was delighted with what I saw. She was short with long brunette hair, a deliciously cute face and the most amazing pair of boobs that I had seen, well imagined that is. She was wearing some jeans and a simple black top but there was no hiding how big they were. They stuck directly out from her chest, standing proud from her flat frame and the bra had to be working incredibly hard. 

When we'd met I'd gone for a simple peck on the cheek and whilst having our drinks later had done everything I could not to keep staring at her body that seemed to be making my cheeks permanently glow. I made her laugh on many occasions and whenever I did they would wobble with a gravity that was the most erotic, cock hardening thing I'd seen for many years.

I was smitten with the girl but desperate to play it cool. Although I really liked her personality and youthful zest, I feared that she would see right through me that all I wanted was to get hold of her tits and nothing more. To be honest the physical attraction to her body was mind bending but engaging with her character made the intoxication even more heady. 

She had to get back and we walked back to her car. I thought the date had gone well but when you truly want someone, you can be blinded to the reality of a situation and just look for the negative as you don't imagine your dreams could actually happen. 

We got to her car and I made some jumbled conversation. I don't know if she could see the blushing in my cheeks but my heart beat faster when I noticed it in hers and without thinking it through and in the middle of a sentence, I leaned in and kissed her. 

Oh god it was delicious. Her lips were soft and warm and after a second of hesitancy, she opened her mouth to welcome in my tongue. I wasn't rough or abrasive but my lips locked with hers and our tongues gently explored each others. 

She tipped her head back and I felt the edges of her hair on my hands as they circled her back. I leaned my body into hers and could feel the weight of her breasts being crushed into my chest. Christ, they felt fantastic, heavy and firm and I desperately tried to not think about how they'd taste and how they'd feel being kneaded between my fingers.

I had a raging hard-on that was dribbling pre-cum like a leaky tap and although I wanted to grind it right into her, I stopped short of doing this so as not to alarm her. I brought my hand up to cup her face and feel the softness of her skin and I heard a small moan escape from her. 

I didn't want to but I pulled away and looked at her. Her cheeks were burning with colour and when her eyes eventually opened her pupils were wide and her green Iris's sparkling.

I muttered a 'wow' which she heard and she nervously swept her hair aside. Struggling to re-find my voice, I asked if she would be okay and to text me when she got home safely. I wanted so bad to kiss her again but hoping that it had been a big as deal as it had for me, I thought it wise to leave it with just the one. 

I knew I wanted to spend some proper time with her and get her to come down to my new flat, so I hoped that a little taster would be enough.

So we talked and texted for a couple of weeks and I suggested she head down to stay at my place. I was desperate to see her again but was conscious of the need to stay a little aloof and not come across as desperate and needy. I was the older party and I knew that I needed to play that as an advantage rather than reveal my desperation to put my hands on the body of such a younger woman.

I said how we could go for a meal at a lovely Italian I knew just a short walk from mine. My heart was in my mouth when I suggested it via text and it seemed to take an age before she came back with a 'Luv 2 x'.

So the following Saturday arrived and she came down on the train. The flat has been polished and cleaned to the nth degree and was looking awesome. I was very aware of the age gap and the accusations ran in my mind of being a 'dirty old man' but hell I wasn't dead and her was a young attractive woman that wanted to see me. Should I really turn it down for some outdated sense of honour?

Pushing those issues aside I drove to the station and waited on the platform for her train to arrive. I saw her get off and make her way to me with a small case on rollers behind her. She was wearing a coat but her face was ablaze with a smile and her hair smelled so fresh and clean when she embraced me with a hello.

I felt her body against mine and felt a surge of blood to the groin area. I pulled away to look at her and without really thinking leaned in for a kiss. She responded with a deliciously warm kiss that seemed to convey the fact that we hadn't seen each other for a few weeks and that she genuinely wanted to be here. 

We made nice chit chat on the way back to mine and thankfully she was suitably impressed with the flat. I work hard and the top floor flat was filled with nice things, so I had hoped that she would respond favourably to it.

I was conscious that I wanted to make her feel safe and secure and hence placed her case in my room and said that I would sleep in the spare room. We had a glass of wine and chatted until it was time to get ready.

We both showered and changed and when she stepped out of the bedroom in a simple black clinging dress, she looked utterly amazing. Her hair was up and the neckline on the dress was down. Her body was tanned like the colour of light chocolate and a necklace nestled at the top of her cleavage where I so desperately wanted my face to be.

There was a sharp intake of breath when I saw her and I stumbled out a 

"Wow, you look amazing". 

She blushed and did the thing that girls do when they put their hands up to their body and twist their body at the hips.

"Really?" she asked

"God yes, without a doubt".

Trying to calm the colour that I could feel pouring into my face due to my immense arousal, I got together the final bits and we left the flat to head round to the Italian restaurant in the village. As I walked down the steps behind her, her sweet smelling perfume enveloped me and I couldn't resist looking at all of her body moving beneath the fabric of the dress.

The food was good and we laughed and joked about films and music and general observations. We sunk a couple of bottles of wine and could feel the tactile barriers coming down as our fingers first brushed each other on the table and then simply held each others hand.

I was enjoying the evening and was aware of every mans eyes feasting on her amazing figure every time they walked past. Her breasts really did reach out over the plate and it was astonishing that she didn't get any food down her cleavage. 

After a couple of hours and a couple of final shots of Baileys, we decided to pay the bill and walk back to the flat. The evening had turned a little chilly meaning that as well as the cold air adding an accelerator to the alcohol in our brains it gave me the opportunity to put my arm around her shoulder to pull her in close to keep her warm.

She nuzzled in closer, pressing her womanly curves further into my side and it was all I could do to walk in a straight line as my cock swelled with blood. I kissed her head as we walked and wondered if she was feeling the same way I was. 

I was desperate to get in and rip the clothes from her body. Her figure was everything I have ever dreamed of and fantasised about in a woman and here she was walking back to my flat, content with some good food and a head delightfully tripping with the pleasures of alcohol.

We got into the communal areas and as she walked up the stairs, I braved a little pat on her fabulous little bottom. She let out a little squeal and turned back with a smile that if it didn't give me a full green light, certainly gave me a flashing amber. I squeezed alongside as I struggled to get the key in the door and after removing our shoes, went into the bedroom to turn on the bedside lights.

I turned to see her standing in the doorway looking at me. The cold air had made her nipples hard which seemed to turn her large breasts into something even more defined as an object of sexual pleasure. The back of my throat went dry and my pulse quickened as I realised that this was the moment.

I walked over and taking her hand pulled her over to the foot of the bed, next to the wardrobes. Her big eyes looked at me as I deliberately stepped back and looked her up and down. I was no longer going to hide it and drank in the amazing curves that I been dreaming about for so long. 

With seemingly every pint of blood racing towards my groin, I stepped forward slid a hand around her face to cup the back of her neck and leaned down to gently brush my lips against hers. Her lips were soft and sweet tasting and as they slowly opened, mine mirrored the movement. My tongue delicately licked her lips before entering her mouth.

My hand slid down her small back to a pert little bottom and I pulled her into me as my kisses became more passionate. I could feel once again the weight of her breasts pressing against me and could even feel the outline of her bra. Pulling back from the kiss, I pushed her back so she was leaning against the wardrobe.

Resting my hands on her shoulder, I slowly pulled them down and ran them over her chest. Christ, it was incredible. They were firm but so large and so underwear strainingly sexy. I squeezed my fingers into them and then squashed them together, which pushed her cleavage practically onto her chin.

She let out a little moan and I continued kneading them with my hands. I could feel pre cum trickling down my leg and realised that I had to feel them, had to taste them. With one quick movement, my hands entered the front of her dress, pulled up to the shoulders and then slid the material down her arms. Her lacy black bra struggled to hold in her boobs as her chest rose and fell with anticipation.

Dropping to my knees, I continued to pull her dress and knickers down to the floor so that she stood before me in nothing but hold up tights and a straining black 28H bra. God, what a sight.

"Your body is just amazing Lucy"

As I stood up I brought my hands up her legs, over her hips, into her waist, over her breasts and onto her shoulders. I turned her round and whilst I gently teased her neck with my tongue, unclipped the bra strap. You could feel the pressure come off the fabric and I swept the straps from her shoulders.

I'd waited and dreamt of this moment for so long and could taste the sweet excitement in my mouth, in my thumping heart and in my twitching groin. I quickly removed all of my clothes whilst she remained facing the wardrobe.

I then stepped behind her and pulled her back into me. My cock was ridiculously hard and dribbling pre cum everywhere. I was so turned on that I was beyond caring and felt the base of my shaft slot into the cleft of her buttocks, whilst the tip traced a path of pre cum around the small of her back.

Her skin seemed faultless and deliriously soft, like you could feel her newness, her youth. Whilst my mouth nuzzled up her neck to her ears, my hands slowly slid from her shoulders and down onto her breasts. They were huge and firm but hadn't yet been affected by gravity. Each boob was too big to fully hold in my hand so I continued to move them around, feeling the weight, the firmness.

Her nipples were solid as my fingertips brushed over them and she let out another moan as the pressure and intensity of my squeezing manipulation continued. Her back arched slightly and a small hand moved round to take hold of the sticky mess that was my penis.

I could have exploded in her hand right there but struggled to maintain my composure as she wrapped her fingers around the solid shaft and start to roll it up and down. 

I croaked an 'oh my god' and pushed one hand further down her body to her welcoming mound. She was smooth and incredibly wet and my fingers slipped in almost by accident. As they explored her lips, her body began to twitch making my other hand struggle as it continued to knead her fabulous breasts.

I forcibly spun her back round, slapping my chest with her boobs as I did and kissed her with all the intensity of a man that was fulfilling his sexual nirvana. Her hands raced through my hair and we both moaned as our tongues became even more feverish in the need to taste the other.

I dropped again to my knees and squeezing a breast studied a beckoning nipple. It was so hard and erect and so perfectly placed within a generous mound of breast flesh. My hot mouth devoured it, licking and sucking it whilst she struggled to remain standing, her knees trying to buckle beneath her. I moved my mouth between each nipple, savouring the moment and driving her wild as I did.

There were so many things I wanted to do, such a long time that I wanted to work her over but I was desperate to be inside her and my probing fingers could tell from her wetness that she felt the same. Standing up again, I spun her around me and threw her onto the bed.

As she landed, her body moved and her large breasts wobbled that just screamed that she needed to be dominated. As she looked up at me, her young body bathed in the light from the bedside lamps, she moaned 'please' and stretched out an arm.

I felt like a god. My cock was so hard and straining so much that I thought it might just pop. I was 40 years old, having to contend with wearing slippers and believing I was past it yet here was a young woman, only just 20 with a body that I'd only ever dreamed of seeing, let alone fucking. A girl that had the kind of body that you could trawl the internet for hours looking for and she wanted me to destroy her.

Surely I was way too old, too past it yet with the testosterone coursing through me I felt like a Roman emperor that had nubile wenches clamouring on my very beck and call.

I got on the bed above her and started working her huge tits again my mouth and hands. Planting my feet on the bar at the bottom of the bed, I positioned my engorged penis on the lips of her vagina. She was just so wet and so desperate that her fingers were trying to pull me into her. 

As I finished sucking a nipple with an audible pop, I looked fully into her eyes and slowly slid my full length into her. Her eyes rolled and her back arched up as I pushed deeper still using the full leverage and ensuring that there wasn't a sliver between us.

I couldn't have been any deeper inside her and the tightness in which she enveloped me was intoxicating. I pulled out until just the tip was over the threshold and then slid back in again right up to the hilt.

She let out a scream and her arms shot up to reach the bars of the headboard. Feeling the fabulous friction, I started pounding away with every thrust pushing me a millimetre further inside her. She moaned and gasped, her head moving from side to side as I continued the action whilst a free hand desperately tried to hold and control her breasts.

I rolled her round so that she was on top and that I could gaze on her astonishing body. My cock felt hyper extended within her, meaning that she only had to make the slightest of movement to send waves of pleasure through our bodies. My hands greedily squeezed and teased her breasts and nipples. 

I couldn't get over their fabulous gravity defying shape and weight. Our bodies started to glisten from the heat and exertion and the light playing across her figure, made it look like some kind of 3D hentai character that Umemaro might create. Her hands moved up into her hair yet her boobs still remained large and welcoming. My breath was coming fast and her moans increasing in their pitch.

She was on the pill but I couldn't have cared to be honest. The world could have ended the next day because all I knew was that I wanted to fill her up. I was going to pump so much into her and she was going to take it.

As she started to move her hips in a circular motion, I could feel that it was almost time. Her moaning had evolved into panting and I could sense that she was building to a climax. She carried on going delivering fireworks of ecstasy that were going off all over my body.

I could feel my legs begin to tremble and a light headedness overcome me. I gripped her hips and tried to push every last millimetre of myself into her whilst I felt the tidal wave fast approaching my shore. She gasped and threw her hands up as her body trembled uncontrollably. I could feel even more wetness upon me and felt her vaginal muscles opening and closing around my swollen cock.
