 For the ninth scorching day in a row, the temperature soared well above the seasonal average. The heatwave was set to continue for many days yet and for Jacqui, this was manna from heaven.

Fresh from a painful divorce from her two-timing ex-husband, she was using this downtime as an opportunity to collect her thoughts and rebuild her life. At the age of 47 she was still a very attractive woman. She wasn't as trim and toned as she had been in her 20s, but she could still get away with wearing a bikini unlike many of her frumpy friends who had given in to middle age. It needed to be a very supportive bikini because Jacqui had always had very large breasts, which she'd seen as both a blessing and a curse; men, and some women, would openly stare at them if she was wearing anything remotely revealing. Her ex Mike often insisted she kept her cleavage covered: Jacqui wondered if he made the same demands of the slutty gold-digging young bitch of a partner he was now living with.

Since the split, and with the weather warming, Jacqui had gradually decided to show off her assets a little more. She had naturally sun-kissed skin and surprisingly few wrinkles so she invested in some rather more daring tops for the summer and had actually enjoyed the extra male attention she received. 

For the last week she had enjoyed simply sunbathing in her beautiful garden, wearing only her bikini that constantly struggled to contain her impressive chest. The warm weather made her horny and she yearned for sexual attention as she lay on her lounger. It had been months since Mike had last made love to her and the thought of someone new lusting over her was a constant turn-on. Occasionally she would touch herself, safe in the knowledge that the house next door was empty.

It was a Saturday and with the temperature outside already searing hot at nine in the morning, Jacqui enjoyed a cool shower, carefully trimming her bikini line and pussy, before slipping on her bikini. She glanced out of the bedroom window and was surprised to see a removal van outside the house next door. "New neighbours," she mused, wondering if there were any fit young men either moving the furniture or indeed moving in. After a few minutes of discreet spying, she realised that the new inhabitants were a couple, probably a little older than her and decidedly old-fashioned given their taste in clothes and furniture. 

But one of the removal men was of far greater interest. What a hunk! Jacqui openly leered at him through the gap in the curtains, salivating at the glorious sight before her; young, extremely handsome, probably early 20s. He had a tight white t-shirt hugging his lean muscular upper body showing off his toned arms, while his cut-off shorts allowed her to appreciate his perfectly bronzed legs. Her nipples instantly hardened at the sight of him. The others involved in the move were older and reminded Jacqui of her flabby ex-husband, but this young guy looked like just the sort of alpha male she would enjoy getting to know now she was single again. Of course after 20 years of marriage she lacked the confidence to approach anyone, let alone a young hunk. So she decided to take a more cautious approach and go and visit the neighbours themselves to introduce herself. If she managed to subtly gawp at the removal man, or even brush against him, that would be a welcome bonus... she felt her pussy moisten slightly just at the thought of it.

She kept her bikini on but put a thin kaftan over the top, the sheer fabric feeling wonderful against her skin and she realised just how aroused she was having spent several minutes ogling a man probably half her age through the window. She put on sunglasses and a hat with some sandals, checked herself in the mirror, took a deep breath and headed outside.

Next door was chaotic; five removal guys taking endless boxes and items of furniture into the house, shouts of "in here" or "be careful!" every few moments. Jacqui wondered if she should abandon her plan but at that moment the woman moving in emerged from the front door and spotted her. She was wearing a baggy old t-shirt trying to cover various bumps and bulges underneath and creased linen trousers doing little for her unflattering figure. But behind the woman, she spotted her hunky removal man darting out of the house and heading for the lorry so she walked over, holding out her hand to the woman and announcing: "Good morning, I'm Jacqui, your neighbour. I just wanted to introduce myself."

"Hello there," replied the woman, wiping sweat from her forehead and puffing out her cheeks. "Lovely to meet you, I'm Diane. Please excuse my appearance, I'm no good in this heat and I'm totally stressed out with the move."

Jacqui smiled and indulged Diane with some small talk, all the while keeping an eye out for the young man she found herself lusting after, even though she'd only first set eyes on him 10 minutes previously. He had already headed back into the house with another box so Jacqui knew she'd have to wait on the front lawn for the chance to ogle him up close, and she immediately felt foolish and desperate. Diane called her husband out, who she introduced as Chris, while Jacqui decided not to mention that she was newly divorced and just let them do the talking. 

Just then the cute removal man walked out of the house again and Diane called out: "James... James darling, come over here a moment will you?" Jacqui was taken aback at the way Diane spoke to someone she assumed was merely a hired help. "Jacqui, this is our son James. He's waiting to buy his own place so will be living with us for the time being. James, this is Jacqui our new neighbour."

James held out a hand. Jacqui felt almost giddy when she looked at him. He was so ridiculously handsome, with chiselled arms, a wonderful skin tone and a magnificent hard body under a t-shirt sticking to his pecs and abs with sweat. "Nice to meet you," he smiled. And what a smile... Jacqui took his hand and to her surprise, James brought it up to his mouth and gently kissed the back of it. In her aroused state, this felt like a highly erotic gesture to Jacqui, but Diane and Chris laughed, with Diane sarcastically commenting "what a gentleman, I don't think! I'm sure Jacqui doesn't want some dirty sweaty man anywhere near her James! Get back to work," playfully slapping him on the back as he smiled again at Jacqui and headed back to the lorry. "He's a real help on a day like this," said Diane to Jacqui. "Unlike Chris, he's very handy. One of those blokes who loves getting stuck in." 

Jacqui smiled politely and continued talking to Diane, all the while stealing surreptitious glances at James which nobody would notice thanks to her over-sized sunglasses. But Jacqui couldn't help wondering if James was all too aware of her attraction to him. And when she looked over at him again while Diane was talking about her husband's job, she was stunned to see him return the glance, wipe his brow and remove his t-shirt. Underneath was just about the most perfect upper body Jacqui had ever seen: lean, toned, hairless and sun-kissed. Her mouth instinctively fell open slightly and her big nipples hardened further under her bikini top. She simply couldn't help gawping and this time Diane clearly noticed as she turned round to see her shirtless son grabbing a chair. "Oh for heaven's sake James," she scolded. "Do we really need to subject the new neighbourhood to nudity on day one? Put another t-shirt on before the house prices start to plummet!" She laughed and turned back to Jacqui. "So sorry about that, my family will do anything to embarrass me."

"Not at all," smiled Jacqui, forcing herself to look straight at Diane. "Look, you've got a lot on here so I won't keep you..." She had to get James on his own so she quickly thought of something plausible and said: "You guys crack on, I'm heading back to my garden. My sun lounger needs fixing if I'm to get any sunbathing done today, so I'll try and sort that out and see you later."

Diane took the bait beautifully. "Oh, well, I'm sure James can take a look at that for you. Why don't I send him over and he can sort you out?" 

"If only," thought Jacqui, but welcomed the opportunity to leer at James up close on her own territory. "Well only if you're sure... That would be great. Lovely to meet you."

Jacqui headed back to her front door, acutely aware of her bikini bottom rubbing against her moist pussy lips. She was shocked at how turned on she was just from looking at a gorgeous young man. 

She decided she should change into something rather less revealing but just as she reached the top of the stairs, there was a knock at the door. She answered it and was staggered to see James standing there, still shirtless and slightly out of breath. "Hi again, mum said you needed help with a sun lounger?" 

Jacqui was taken aback and struggled to get any words out. James smiled at her obvious shock. "I know, you only just told her. To be honest I'm glad of the break in this weather. It's thirsty work!"

Jacqui composed herself and said: "Well that's very kind of you. Come in and have a cold drink."

She was a little panicked. Firstly there was nothing actually wrong with her lounger. She had been hoping to find a way of breaking it before James came over. Secondly she was very aroused and worried about how she would conceal it from this handsome young man. Thirdly could she trust herself in this situation? What if James made a move on her? No - that was ridiculous. Here was a man half her age, presumably with his pick of women, who she'd just met a few minutes ago and who surely wouldn't find someone like her attractive anyway.

They walked into the kitchen and Jacqui headed for the huge American style fridge-freezer. "What can I get you?" she asked as breezily as she could. 

"What are you offering?" he asked with a flash of that winning smile. Was he flirting, wondered Jacqui... "I'll take whatever you have."

"Diet Coke ok?" she asked. 

"Great," he replied. He opened the can and drained the contents while Jacqui took the opportunity to admire his impressive physique again, trying not to look like some desperate horny middle-aged woman. She took a jug of water from the fridge for herself and poured a glass.

"So what do you do James?" she asked casually.

"I've just finished uni, so waiting for the right opportunity to come along." He looked around. "Do you live here alone?"

Jacqui hesitated. "Yes, it's just me, I'm recently divorced."

"That must be tough," said James. He was looking directly into her eyes, leaving Jacqui positively punch-drunk with lust and desire, but doing her very best not to show it. She was painfully aware that her nipples were rock hard and that even with a bikini and kaftan on, there was no disguising them. She could have sworn she saw James glance at them, just for the briefest of moments - but again she told herself there's no way a young man like this would be interested in someone old enough to be his mother. She imagined a number of scenarios in which the two of them ended up naked together.

After a long pause, James put down his drink and said: "So what seems to be the problem with the lounger?"

"Erm, I'm not sure," stuttered Jacqui, "it, um, it's just not quite right. Maybe I should show you..."

She turned round to put the jug back in the fridge but as she closed it, she became aware that James was right behind her. "Are you sure there's anything wrong with the lounger?" he asked quietly into her ear. He was almost touching her, and more moisture flooded her pussy as her mind started racing with a mixture of fear and excitement.

"Are you sure you weren't just looking for a reason to get me round here on my own?" he asked mischievously, and she felt the tips of his fingers brushing lightly against her satin-covered thighs. She simply froze. She had no idea what to say. "Only, I was really hoping you were," he continued, "because there's nothing I like better than a beautiful older woman..." She felt his fingers deftly pulling up the kaftan and his warm hands slipping underneath, touching her bare skin. Her breathing quickened and she let out a soft moan as the first man to touch her other than Mike in more than 20 years ran his fingers up and down her smooth outer thighs. Her cunt was literally dripping.

James had no idea what sort of reaction this bold approach would get but he certainly expected a little more resistance than this.

Jacqui tried to clear her head. Against all her base instincts, she said: "Look James, I don't know what you thought might happen by coming here, but..."

James interrupted. "I saw you watching me from your window earlier. It made me wonder: how long has it been since a man fucked you out of pure lust?"

She was shocked at both the revelation and the question and had no answer. Emboldened by her stunned silence, James slipped his hand down the front of her bikini bottom and gently stroked her pussy lips. Good God, how wet she was! They both moaned and any lingering thoughts of resistance from Jacqui swiftly vanished. She leaned her head back against his firm shoulder and widened her stance, allowing him greater access to her soaking wet cunt. With his other hand he peeled the bikini strap from her right shoulder and gently touched her hard sensitive nipple.

"I love your breasts Jacqui," he said gently into her ear. "I couldn't take my eyes off them outside. God, I need to suck them."

He pulled his hand out from her bikini bottom and roughly turned Jacqui round. She leaned back against the fridge in a daze, one breast fully exposed, the other desperate to be released from the bikini top. James virtually ripped the sheer fabric of the kaftan off her and quickly pulled down the other bikini strap, leaving both massively erect nipples on full view. He took a second to ogle them before hungrily taking the left one in his mouth, swirling his tongue around it and then sucking hard while gently pinching the other one with his thumb and forefinger which were wet from fingering her. 

Jacqui was in a state of both shock and ecstacy and was swept along. She stood there with her eyes shut, letting the pleasure wash over her. How had this happened?! Just half an hour ago she hadn't even set eyes on this young hunk, now she felt powerless to resist him ravishing her lust-fuelled body in her own kitchen. James moved his damp fingers up to her mouth and she tasted herself for the first time in years.

Suddenly she felt James untying her bikini bottoms with her nipple still in his mouth. The skimpy damp garment dropped helplessly to the floor leaving her completely naked apart from her sandals. With the spontaneous nature of his hot encounter coupled with his expert stimulation of her breasts, she felt close to cumming already.

James stood up and pulled down his shorts in front of her. He wasn't wearing any underwear and his massive pulsing cock sprang free. It was the biggest dick Jacqui had ever seen and in her light-headed state, all she could think was 'I need that inside me'.

"I'm not going to mess about Jacqui," he said. "You want it - and I want to give it. Will you let me fuck you right here in the kitchen?"

"Yes," she replied instantly, touching his rock hard pecs with the palm of her hand. "God yes."

Immediately she felt the head of his huge dick against her pussy lips. He grabbed the back of her left leg and pulled her knee up to his right hip, before pushing forward and penetrating her.

They both moaned loudly at the release. Jacqui had never taken such a huge cock inside her, but she was so turned on, it slid three quarters of the way in quite easily. James took a moment to revel in the feeling of being inside such a surprisingly tight middle-aged pussy bareback. He looked her in the eye and simply said: "Are you ready?"

She nodded, her eyes filled with lust. She didn't care less about the consequences of this. She needed it. Mike was off fucking his young slut, why shouldn't she enjoy some fresh young cock in the house he paid for?

James slid his prick almost completely out of her, then rammed it all the way in, almost to her cervix. There was a twinge of pain from inside her but it was glorious pain and was quickly replaced by pure pleasure, spreading throughout her whole body. She knew her first orgasm was close already. Suddenly, he started thrusting into her hard and fast, pinning her up firmly against the fridge in order to get as deep inside her as he could. Her pussy was his and he knew it. There was no need to be gentle, she was silently demanding he fuck her with passionate brutality and he was only too happy to oblige.

Within a minute of this frantic fucking the strength of her climax overwhelmed her - hardly surprising given the fact she'd been turned on for over half an hour - and she started screaming with every thrust, the pleasure washing over her in intense waves. James felt the walls of her wet pussy tightening against his cock and knew his own orgasm was only seconds away. He ran his hand up her back and gripped her shoulder, thrusting inside three more times before holding himself as deep as he could possibly go and almost roaring as he filled her with his potent semen. Ropes of it flew inside her, spurt after spurt filling her.

Eventually their orgasms subsided and they stood there, still intertwined, panting and sweating. "Oh my God Jacqui, that was amazing," he said quietly. "I have to go and finish helping with the boxes. Are you around later?"

Jacqui's mind was a blur. All she could do was nod and lean back against the fridge, James's cum leaking out of her. He kissed her cheek and was gone in a flash.

She stood there feeling a strange mixture of shame and profound satisfaction. She knew she'd behaved like a slut, but that had been the most intensely erotic experience of her life. She went upstairs for a shower with a big grin on her face.

*****************

Jacqui had waited all evening for the doorbell to ring. She'd put on a revealing summer top and a skirt and readied herself for round two with James. But it was now 9.30 and she resigned herself to the idea that he wasn't going to call. She felt like a foolish old woman, believing that a young stud like James would come back for seconds when he was probably off with some hot young girl who'd spend hours sucking his dick. 

Jacqui sighed and slumped on her sofa. It was stiflingly hot and she removed her top, leaving her beautiful huge breasts protected from the sultry air by only her skimpy bra. She closed her eyes and remembered every sordid detail of what had happened in the afternoon. She felt betrayed by her own body because she knew she should just forget their torrid encounter in the kitchen but it had been so profoundly satisfying that just thinking about it for a minute or two caused her to become deeply aroused.

Suddenly there was a knock at the door. Jacqui froze, wondering if she should ignore it. She couldn't answer the door in this state - bra out, nipples rock hard...

"Jacqui," called James's voice. "Jacqui are you there? It's me James."

She told herself she could answer the door quickly without anyone else seeing her so she dashed for the entrance, pulled James inside swiftly and closed it again.

James could barely believe his eyes seeing her breasts close to escaping their lacy confines and he immediately pinned her up against the hall wall, kissing her deeply, leaving her melting into him. She cursed her lack of self-control but in the grip of lust she just wanted to be taken, to be used by this gorgeous man, to let him fuck her senseless and hang the consequences. His scent drove her crazy and he knew exactly how to turn her on.

James grinned and grabbed the straps of her bulging bra and swiftly pulled them down over her wonderful breasts with his powerful arms, causing her to scream out as her aching nipples were finally freed.
