 It was a beautiful fall day John thought to himself as he drove his truck down the two lane country road. He rolled the window down a few inches to let in the some of the crisp air. It might help to clear his senses and his mind John thought as he took another sip of the hot coffee in his travel mug. He'd been driving for nearly fourteen hours now and he still wasn't sure what kind of reception he'd get when he showed up. She had sounded happy, excited the last time they had spoke on the phone, that he had finally decided it was time for them to meet. John slowed the truck down a bit, keeping one eye on the passing house numbers and the other on the gold, reds, and browns swaying in the afternoon breeze and gently drifting down to earth.

The moment had come more quickly than he had anticipated as he turned his truck off the highway and onto a narrow dirt lane. Tall oak, birch, and pine trees lined the lane dropping some of their seeds onto the road. John rolled his window down more to listen to the crunch as his tires rolled over the nuts and to cool his heated skin. He couldn't help it just the thought of finally being near her tightened his groin and made his heart beat quicker. He slowed the truck to a crawl as the house came into view. He didn't want to rush anything today as his truck came to a stop at the end of the lane. He sat there for a while and took in the surroundings. 

The house was a white, one level, ranch with a front porch that took up the whole front of the house. There was a porch swing at one end of the porch and a wicker couch and chair at the other end. A small two car garage was off to the side and looked to be connected to the house. The backyard from what he could see and front yard seemed to go on forever. The front yard had three already half bare apple trees with some of the fruit gone he noticed. Probably for apple pies he thought as his stomach gave a growl in protest of not having been fed anything since breakfast. The front yard was scattered with toys and piles of leaves, John closed his eyes as he formed an image of her raking leaves into piles and then laughing as she watched her two daughters jumping and scattering leaves everywhere only to do it all over again. 

Gray smoke was lazily curling out of the chimney on the side of the house. Making him shiver a bit in his now chilled truck as he thought of her and her girls laying on a rug in front of a warm, glowing fire, laughing and playing a game. 

Just as John started his truck again to park in front of the garage the front door opened. A breath sighed through his half parted lips as he took in her beautiful form from head to toe. Her long slightly curled blonde hair blowing softly in the cool, fall air. He could still make out the jut of her full breasts even under the silver sweat shirt and black velvet jacket she wore. His groin tightened even more as he thought of them naked in his hands, her nipples peaking to the strokes of his tongue. She looked so small and vulnerable in her petite size, he guessed, black jeans. 

John wasn't surprised he was a bit unsteady on his feet as he hopped out of the truck and waited for Jenny to join him, he'd been hard for nearly half an hour now. Her beautiful blue green eyes gazing into his dark brown stare was almost his undoing as he felt her warm embrace wrapping around his 5'9" foot frame. He pulled her curvy five foot body even closer to him as he lowered his mouth to her lips, for their first kiss. A good thing one of them still had their wits about them he thought as she stepped out of his arms. Feeling her soft lips moving under his and her moist sweet tongue entering his mouth he could have happily taken her here against the side of his truck. A smile curved his lips as he thought, so much for taking things slow today. 

Jenny smiled too as she clasped his hand in her small, soft one and led him toward the house. The inside of the house smelled wonderful he thought as his stomach began doing jumping jacks. John had to laugh to himself, he'd been right, he thought as Jenny led him into the living room. There were the girls laying on a rug in front of fire, except they weren't playing a game, it looked more like they were trying to build a city out of LEGOs. "That's a um pretty big structure you've got there," he mumbled to the girls. 

"Yeah, It's going to be the biggest boat ever," the girls rang out in unison. 

"I thought so, cool," he said as he and their mother exchanged a knowing look of, you could've fooled me it was a boat.

"Make yourself comfortable while I go set dinner out," Jenny said

As John settled back on the couch and watched the girls construct their version of the titanic he took in the surroundings inside the house. The living room was a big open room with a fire place, a thick light blue carpet with lots of warm scatter rugs, shiny oak furniture, with the couch, love seat and chair having a kind of country blue pattern to the cushions. Lamps, knickknacks arranged in groups, toys, a bookcase, and a desk filled the rest of the room. Where she headed off to on left side of the house must have been where the kitchen and dining room were and the right side must be where the bedrooms were he guessed.

John was correct, when Jenny came back and offered him a quick tour before dinner. At the back of the house on the left side was an enormous kitchen with a breakfast nook, the usual appliances and a small dining room with a small bathroom right off that. On the right side were three bedrooms and another bathroom with the master bedroom off to the way back on this side and an en suite bathroom. In the middle of the house off from where the living room was were two more rooms at the back, a laundry room, and a den where the t.v. was. 

As the four of them made their way to the dining room he heard Jenny say from beside him, "Usually we just eat in the kitchen and only in the dining room on special occasions, but I think this qualifies as a special occasion."

"Yummy Mom my favorite," John heard the girls say as they all sat around the table. Then they all broke into gales of laughter because this time they all heard his stomach let out groan. He had to admit she was a wonderful cook and not just not his famished stomach talking as he dished himself up some more of the pot roast, vegetables, and fresh bread she had made. 

A while later as they all sat talking, joking and sipping their drinks he nearly choked on his soda as he heard Jenny laughingly say, "You know they always say the best way to a man's heart is through his stomach." He didn't quite agree with that because she already had his heart but he kept silent he wasn't quite ready to admit that face to face yet.

"Let's watch a movie before bed," the kids asked as they all scraped their plates and loaded the dishwasher.

"Sure, you guys pick, OK?" Jenny responded as they all walked toward the den.

John sat on the couch and smiled as Jenny kicked off her shoes and curled up next to him. "How about Ice Age, Mom?" they asked as they both laid pillows on the floor in front of the t.v.

"Sounds good," she agreed as she settled back and pulled a warm fluffy blanket over her legs.

About ten minutes into the film John was a bit surprised as Jenny pulled the blanket over both their laps and her hand snuck into his lap to caress his jean clad thigh. Desire hot and hard flared in his eyes as she began to unbutton and unzip his jeans, she just smiled and rested her head on his shoulder. He glanced at the kids, they were so engrossed in the movie Santa Clause could've walked through the room and they wouldn't have noticed.

His breath quickened as her soft hand wrapped around his cock and began to stroke him. He had to stifle his moans as she took longer and longer strokes along his swollen shaft. He just about came when her thumb began to caress circles around the tip of his cock but he held back as long as he could. He had to cover a groan though as her hand tightened and stroked faster up and down his hard shaft. "Oh shit!" he whispered as he grabbed her arm and squeezed. He saw that her lips were parted and she was breathing faster too as his cock began to jerk and squirt wildly under the blanket. "He laid his head back and in a stunned whisper said, "Wow!" He looked over to see her smiling as she leaned and gave him a quick kiss on the lips before rising up off the couch to go and tuck the girls into bed.

John was already in the bedroom waiting when Jenny returned. He already knew why she'd done it, it was the same reason he was now standing completely nude in the middle of her bedroom. Passion heavy and wild gleamed in her eyes as she walked toward him undressing at the same time. Off came her silver sweat shirt, revealing a black velvet bra. Right in front of him, he watched as she undid her jeans and shimmed out of them, revealing a matching little black velvet thong. Damn he wanted to rip that thong off her sexy little body with his teeth he thought as he picked her up and laid her gently in the middle of the bed as he too crawled in and laid beside her. 

Jenny caressed his head and moaned softly as he unclasped her bra and took it off then bent his head and licked first one nipple and then the other until they were both hard and throbbing. Meanwhile his hand had snuck down between her legs and slid into her thong and caressed her downy covered lips open, he wanted to be sure she'd be ready for his penetration. His thumb and finger played with and rubbed her clit until she was wet and squirming, begging for him to enter her. When he was sure she'd had enough, he moved between her parted thighs, leaned his head down and lifted her legs as he pulled her wet little thong off with his lips. A groan escaped his mouth as he smelled her musky scent and tasted her sweetness on the crouch of the panties. Dropping her thong to the side his strength was iron clad as he collapsed down onto her body and reached between them to position the head of cock at the opening of her moist little hole. His restraint powerful as he slowly pushed in, inch by inch, until he was filling her completely.

Slowly they moved in unison in an age old rhythm, their soft moans filling the cool fall night. He thrust a bit harder and faster as he felt her climax first. Her legs wrapping around his waist tight as her heels dig into his ass to pull him deeper into spasming pussy. He raised her hands above her head and held her wrists with one of his big strong hands as the other one went down and pulled her legs apart wider. Stronger became his thrusts as he felt her body moving sinuously beneath his as her pelvis thrusts up to meet his. He leaned his head down and nipped at one of her nipples. Hearing a soft yelp leave her lips his cock stiffened even more. Rapidly he jerked his cock in and out of her sweet little fuck hole. Her orgasms were running into one another. 

"Fuck!" He just about yelled as his wildly thrusting cock began to squirt forcefully up inside her. "Give me what I want," He whispered raggedly in her ear.

She arched her back as another orgasm hit and used her vaginal muscles to squeeze him even tighter. Again his cock began to spurt wildly as he thrust harder and deeper in her clenching little cunt.

"Oh my God!" they both sighed in unison as they both collapsed and began to relax again.

"I love you," He whispered as he nestled her into his arms.

"I love you too, darling," he heard her whisper back just as they began to fall asleep.