 There's a lot of set-up in this chapter, but it's worth it once you get near the end. Please, all comments are welcome. Please, no spamming of websites, though! Thank you! 

*

Chapter 1

Jack had been on the road for about six hours and his vision was starting to blur. It was time to stop for the night. The next mileage road sign he saw told him he had another five miles before he hit Gallup, NM. He knew there would be a small motel with a bed there somewhere. Rolling down his window to wake him up a little, he pushed the speed a little just to make it into town before falling asleep at the wheel. 

"Thank God!" he exclaimed as he saw the first exit sign a few minutes later. But what he wasn't expecting was the broken down pickup truck at the top of the off ramp. More than that, he wasn't expecting a beautiful blonde waving him down. He pulled over ahead of her truck and got out to see if she needed some help.

"Thank you so much for stopping!" she said gratefully as he walked up.

Jack tried his best to keep his jaw from dropping as she jogged up to him. She seemed to be moving in slow motion. This beauty had definitely been blessed with an amazing body. Her golden blond hair was pulled back into a ponytail and swung back and forth, her C-cupped breasts bounced with each step, and her tight stomach flexed with the sexy little six-pack she showed off below her tied off red, plaid shirt. A white tank top concealed the full, round breasts that mesmerized Jack. His eyes traveled down the rest of her tanned body to take in her shapely hips covered by cutoff denim shorts that kept her long, slender legs exposed, down to her flip-flop clad feet. Jack was tempted to slap himself to make sure he wasn't daydreaming from behind the wheel of his SUV. 

"You alright?" she asked, snapping him back to reality.

"What? Oh, yeah, I'm sorry. Are you okay? What seems to be the trouble?" he asked attempting to recover from his obvious gawking.

She smiled at him and then turned back towards her truck. "The engine just crapped out on me! I have no idea what happened."

"Well," Jack started. "Let's see what happens if we try and start it."

She led him to her truck and he sat in the driver's seat. He turned the key and it didn't even click to try and turn over. 

"Well, you've got one of two problems. One, your battery is dead; two, your alternator is shot. Either way, you're going to at least need a new battery."

"Shit," she said. "And no one is open at this time of night," she said, looking at her cell phone. Jack looked at his own phone and saw that it was nearing eleven o'clock.

"Nope, no one will be open until the morning," he said. "Do you have a place to stay? Do you live near here?"

"No," she answered. "I actually am heading to Kansas."

"That's funny, so am I," Jack chuckled. "Well, I was planning on getting a room here in town. I've been on the road too long and need to sleep a bit. I'm sure somewhere's gotta have a couple rooms available."

"Looks like I don't have much of a choice. I gotta get this hunk of junk rollin' by morning. I've got a big family thing to be at in a couple days."

"Yeah, me too," Jack said, a suspicious thought creeping in his head.

We couldn't be going to the same family thing, could we? He wondered. He shook the thought away. How possible could that really be?

"Funny, we seem to have a lot in common already," she said with a bright smile. 

"Yeah we do," Jack said and then got out of her truck to head back to his SUV. She reached into the backseat of her truck and pulled out a duffle bag. Acting the gentleman, he took it from her and put it into the back of his vehicle with his stuff.

"My name is Anna, by the way," she said offering her hand. 

"Jack," he said, shaking her hand. As soon as her hand was in his, he felt a jolt of energy shoot up his arm he couldn't explain. It was as if that jolt increased his attraction towards Anna. Smiling nervously he walked around to the passenger side door to let her inside. Just as he opened the door, thunder and lightning crashed overhead and rain began to pour down. "Hurry, get in!" he hurried her but she just laughed and extended her arms out, letting the rain soak her. 

Jack stared at her in disbelief as she started spinning in circles, dancing in the pouring rain. 

Is this girl high on something? He asked himself. 

"Come on!" she called out to him. "Jack, come here!" 

He shut the door to his vehicle and stepped up to her hesitantly. She reached out and grabbed his hand and once he was close enough she took hold of his other hand and started to spin in circles. The rain had them soaked to the bone within seconds. Suddenly headlights rushed towards them and a horn blared.

Anna laughed hysterically when Jack pulled her out of the way of the traffic trying to exit the Interstate. She fell into him, still laughing as he held her safely out of harm's way.

"Okay, let's go," Jack said and led her to the passenger side of his Explorer and helped her inside. Once he was behind the wheel again, he fired up the engine and drove into town. The first motel they stopped at had a few rooms available, but as Jack went to book it for the night, Anna suggested the split a room to save some money. 

"But, we hardly know each other."

"Jack, we danced in the rain together and were almost hit by a big truck. How could you say we hardly know each other?" she said with a wink. 

Jack's mouth dropped open to argue, but the sight of her dripping wet in her tiny shorts, tied off shirt and tank top erased his mind of all thought.

"Look, I'll be honest with you," she said pulling him aside. "I was lucky my truck made it this far. I don't have the money to pay for the repairs. I had just enough for gas money to Kansas, from there I was hoping someone in my big ass family would be able to help me out to get home to California. I can't really afford a room to myself. So, you'd really be helping me out by splitting the cost with me here."

He studied her eyes, searching for a hint of a lie, but she looked desperate. How could she be lying? Why would she lie about something like this? He decided to trust her. 

"Look, you'll hardly notice I'm there," she promised.

Jack laughed. "That's bullshit."

Her forehead scrunched up in confusion. "What do you mean?"

"How am I supposed to not notice a girl like you sleeping in the bed next to me?"

A smile spread from ear to ear on her pretty face. "Really? You'll split a room with me?"

"I'll do one better, you buy me a drink at the bar down the street and I'll take care of the room."

"Deal!" she agreed and stuck out her hand. 

Jack took it and they shook on it and then returned to the front desk clerk. Jack booked the room and paid for it completely.

"We don't have any rooms with two beds left," the clerk warned him.

Jack looked at Anna and she shrugged. "That's fine," he said nervously and handed over his credit card.

What was this girl up to? He wondered.

The clerk booked the room and gave Jack the two key cards with the room number on the small envelope they came in. Jack took the key cards and they ran back out into the rain to pull up to their room. Anna took the key cards from Jack while he went to the back and grabbed her bag and then found his duffle as well. She held the door open for him as he hurried in out of the rain.

Jack stopped and stared at the sole double-sized bed in the room for a few seconds before dropping the bags to the floor. 

"So, about those drinks," Anna said. "Let me freshen up and then we can hit up that bar."

"Sounds like a plan," Jack said and collapsed onto the bed. He was finding the night's events to be extremely strange and completely unbelievable. If he were to read about this in a story he'd scoff at it thinking it was completely ridiculous. Especially with how comfortable he was feeling with Anna already. She made him nervous, yet he felt like he had known her for years already; even though he knew nothing about her. And that was what made him nervous; he didn't know a single thing about her aside from the fact her truck had broken down on her way to Kansas for a family function. Yet, she'd made him dance with her in the rain for absolutely no reason, convinced him to pay for a motel room and got him to feel okay with sharing a bed. 

One thing was for sure, though; this was way beyond the norm for Jack. Jack was one to play it safe and not do anything without researching it to death first. He was definitely not someone who would spend the night in a motel room with a complete stranger.

About twenty minutes later, Anna came out of the bathroom cleaned up and ready to go. She had changed into a denim mini-skirt with a plain white T-shirt that showed off a lot of her stomach. She'd also let her beautiful blonde hair down so it cascaded past her shoulders. She also had replaced her flip flops with a pair of leather boots that zipped up the side, making them tight against her calf. 

Jack imagined himself saying, "Fuck this," and then ripping her clothes off and fucking her on the bed they were about to share that night. But, once again, he shook the thought away and gave her a friendly smile.

"Wow, you look great," he told her.

"You think so?" she asked kindly. "It's not too much? Or too slutty?"

"Not at all!" he heard himself say.

Her smile brightened. "You're too sweet, Jack. Are you ready to go?" she asked.

Jack looked at his clothes; he hadn't changed out of his wet ones yet because of his distracted thoughts. 

"I'll be ready in a minute, sorry," he said and rummaged through his own duffle bag, pulling out a fresh set of clothes. He then went into the bathroom and shut the door behind him. Stripping down he took inventory of his body. Jack wouldn't have considered himself a heartthrob, but he was definitely a decent looking guy with short brown hair normally styled in an organized messy sort of way, light blue eyes that, depending on his clothing or the lighting, sometimes looked green. He worked out a few times a week, but his construction business he ran kept him active as well. He had a little bit of a six-pack and decent pecks; most of his strength was in his arms and legs, though. He wouldn't say his cock was huge, but a thick six inches seemed to get the job done. He hadn't had any complaints yet, anyway. The only thing that kept him from having many sexual encounters was his introverted shyness. He had a feeling this girl, Anna, would bring a different side out of him, though.

He dried off with one of the towels and put a fresh pair of boxer-briefs on, followed by a clean pair of jeans and a black T-shirt advertising his favorite band, Muse. He ruffled up his hair a little until it was the right amount of messy for his liking. Jack then hung his wet clothes over the tub next to Anna's and then stepped out, ready to head out to the bar with his new friend.

"Lookin' good, stud," she said with a wink. "Muse? I love those guys."

Jack grinned, totally stunned at the compliment and the fact that she was a Muse fan as well. He couldn't help but check out her ass as she headed for the door.

"Yeah, they're one of my favorites," Jack said following her out into the rain. He unlocked the Explorer and they hurried inside the vehicle.

"I can't believe how much it's coming down!" Anna squealed as she wiped the rainwater from her face. 

"Yeah, crazy freak storm!" Jack agreed and fired up the engine and drove down the street a few blocks to the bar they'd seen on their way in. 

"So, what do you want to drink?" she asked as they approached the bar.

"I'll start with a Jack and Coke," he said pulling out a couple stools for them to sit on.

"What'll it be?" the bartender asked shortly after.

"Jack and Coke for him, and I'll have a Blue Moon," she said, giving him their orders. 

The bartender stepped away to get their drinks and Jack turned to check out the place. It was definitely a dive bar, only a few locals were scattered about the small bar. A few rough-looking guys were enjoying a game of pool, one was staring at Anna, though, and Jack suddenly felt a little jealous. Jack turned back around and leaned closer to her.

"Don't look now, but there's a rough and ugly dude checkin' you out from the pool tables."

"I know," she said. "He's been staring at me since we walked in."

"You noticed that?"

She laughed. "You don't look like this and got to bars and not learn to pick up on who wants you. But, I'm glad I'm here with you. At least we can pretend we're together so he will more than likely stay away."

"So, you're going to use me for a ride to Kansas and as an excuse to keep creeps away?" Jack teased.

"I could leave and call my brother to come pick me up instead," she suggested.

"That won't be necessary," Jack recovered. "I was teasing."

"So was I," she whispered and then winked at him again. 

Jack imagined himself grabbing her hand and pulling her back out to his SUV to then take her back to their motel room. But, he didn't act out his fantasy. 

The bartender set their drinks down in front of them and then Anna paid with cash. Jack sipped at his drink and let the alcohol calm his nerves. He was still nervous around Anna even though they'd spent a good hour or so together at that point. It'd been a while since he'd been with a woman, and he'd yet to be with one as hot as Anna. 

Jack looked back towards the pool tables, curious to see if the guy was still staring at Anna. He was surprised to see him walking up to them right at that moment. 

"Excuse me, miss," he said in a deep, gruff, redneck voice. "But, I couldn't help but take notice of you as you walked in and just had to say hi."

Anna looked at hi unimpressed. "Hi," she said and then took a sip of her beer.

"May I buy you a drink?" he asked.

"I've already got one, but thanks," she answered with her own southern drawl. It took Jack by surprise since he hadn't heard an accent before, but he did his best to keep cool about it and just sipped at his own drink. 

"Of course," the guy said dumbly. 

"Look," Anna started. "I'm sure you're a nice guy an' all, but I just want to have a beer in peace with my boyfriend here," she told him. 

"Boyfriend? This guy?" he laughed.

"Yeah, what of it?" Jack responded, standing up from his stool. He was equally as tall as the rough local who was doing his best to hit on Anna, but he knew he was a little stronger. The bearded guy chuckled again before taking a swing at Jack, but Jack was quicker than the guy and blocked the punch to his face while delivering his own to the guy's gut. He doubled over in pain but Jack held him up. 

"You alright?" Jack asked in false concern.

The guy couldn't respond due to the fact that Jack knocked the wind out of him.

"Okay, let's get you back to your friends," Jack said and slung the guy's arm around his shoulder. He walked him back to the others playing pool and handed him over to one of his laughing friends. 

"Al, you bit off more than you could chew again!" the guy said taking him to a chair.

"Sorry about your friend, but he was a little rude to my girl at the bar."

"Oh, no worries, man. This happens all the time. Thanks for not beating him up too badly," he said with a chuckle and shook Jack's hand. 

Jack was grateful it hadn't turned into a bar fight; he didn't think he'd be able to take all of them alone. When he returned to the bar, Anna was beaming at him and laughing all at once.

"I am SO glad I flagged you down. How did that not turn into a big brawl?" she asked him.

"Apparently this kind of thing happens all the time. That's what his friend said anyway."

"Well, for protecting me, you have earned yourself another drink," she said and waved the bartender down and ordered them each a shot. They threw back the burning liquid and jumped into conversation, comparing stories about their childhoods and adolescent years. They'd moved to a circular booth near the bar and found themselves sitting quite close together. 

"I can't believe how much we have in common!" Anna said cheerily. "It's almost like we grew up in the same family," she laughed.

"Wouldn't that be weird?" Jack said and they laughed again.

"Yes it would," she said and then her tone changed to a more seductive one. "Especially after what I'm going to do to you when we get back to the room," she said. 

Jack's cock twitched at her words and then began to grow hard when she grabbed his thigh. He took a deep breath to try and steady his heart rate, but it didn't help much as Anna leaned in and pressed her lips against his. All thought left his head and instinct took over as he returned the kiss. She parted her lips a little more and he felt her tongue lick his lips, so he parted his lips as well and extended his tongue to hers. Her fingers ran through his short hair while he grabbed her waist and pulled her closer into him, mashing her big tits into his chest. 

He broke the kiss. "I'll go close the tab," he said and hurried to the bar where the bartender was already bringing the receipt for him to sign. After the first two rounds she'd paid for, he opened up a tab for them for the rest of the night. Once he paid and had his credit card back in his wallet, he turned to retrieve Anna from the booth, but she was already standing in front of him. Jack grinned, took her hand and they hurried out of the bar. 

Jack's Explorer nearly screeched to a halt when they got back to the motel. When they reached the door, Jack searched his pockets for the key card and started to panic as he failed to produce it. He started to say he couldn't find it when he looked up at Anna who held it up for him. 

"I snuck this out of your pants earlier," she said, winking at him. He reached for it but she held it away, however, it brought his face closer to hers. She kissed him again, distracting him from reaching for the card. Jack got lost in her kiss and pulled her into his body where he pressed his raging cock against her tight stomach. "Ooh, somebody's ready to play," she said as she pushed Jack away. "You want the key, come and get it."

Anna stuck the card in the waistband of her denim skirt. Jack didn't waste any time in reaching for it. He grabbed her by the hips and pulled her pelvis into his, slamming their bodies together. Anna's face went from surprise to horny excitement in a flash. Jack planted another kiss on her mouth and grabbed the card from her skirt. Then, without breaking the kiss, he pulled her towards the door, only stopping to unlock and open it and then he pushed her into the room. She stumbled in her drunkenness and fell onto the bed. 

As soon as she rolled onto her back, Jack lowered himself on top of her, smashing their lips together in a passionate kiss. Her arms snaked around the back of his neck and then traveled down to his waist where she grabbed ahold of the bottom of his T-shirt and started to pull it up. When it reached his shoulders, he lifted his arms and she pulled it off the rest of the way, discarding it to the floor. Jack returned his face to hers and they continued their heavy make-out session. 

Jack reached for one of Anna's beautiful tits and squeezed. She definitely had more than a handful; he wondered if she was into titty-fucking. Anna let out a gasp as he squeezed her right tit. 

"You like my tits?" she asked seductively. 

"Yes, I do," he whispered in her ear and then nibbled on her earlobe. 

"Oh, that feels good," she said, responding to his touch. 

"You're still covered up way too much," he said and then rolled her over so she was on top. Once she was over him, he pulled at her tiny T-shirt revealing her lack of a bra. He grinned, wondering if she'd gone without panties too. He stared at wonder at her beautiful, perfect breasts. He'd never seen tits this nice in person before; he couldn't wait to get his mouth on them. Reaching up, he grabbed them both in his hands and began to massage them.
