 The next morning, Jack woke up to an empty bed. At first he wondered if he'd imagined the events of last night. Had he really fucked that amazing blonde from the Interstate? He had to have dreamed it. He took inventory of what he could sense in that room. The clock told him it was 6:45am, it was pitch black in the room other than the light from the digital clock's red numbers, and he was naked. A smile spread across his face as he realized that the amazing sex he'd had the night before had been real. 

But, where's Anna? He wondered as he reached across the bed for where she'd fallen asleep next to him. 

Propping himself up he reached for the lamp on the nightstand on his side of the bed and clicked it on. He scanned the room and found only his clothes scattered on the floor. 

What the fuck? He asked in his head. Then, looking over at the pillow Anna had laid that beautiful head of hers on, he saw a note. Shit.

He took up the note and began to read:

Dear Jack,

Last night was amazing; I had a really great time with you and I'd like to see you again one day. Maybe when we're both back in California you can look me up. How I'll get there, I have no idea. Perhaps you'll find me on the side of the road again, hitchhiking home. 

I'm sorry for having left only this note to say goodbye, but I got a call in the middle of the night about a family emergency. I must have worn you out because you didn't even stir when my phone rang, haha. My brother bought me a bus ticket that leaves at 7:00am. Believe me that this is the only reason I left so quickly; I would have loved to see you again this morning. Please, look me up when you get home.

Kisses,

Anna

"Well, shit," Jack said groggily as he set the note down. "You're not going to make this easy, looking you up without even knowing your last name."

With a heavy sigh, he got himself cleaned up and was ready to leave the motel within a half an hour. He checked his phone and saw he had a missed call and a voicemail from his mother. 

"Hey, Jack, I'm sure you're passed out on your way here, but your great aunt Josephine passed away last night. So, unfortunately, this family reunion will be including a funeral. I just thought I'd let you know so you weren't completely caught off guard when you got here. Call me when you get this. Love you!" 

He deleted the message and then called her back. 

"Hi, Jack," she said sadly.

"Hey, Mom. So, what happened?" he asked concerned.

"It was just her time, baby. She was ninety-six years old," she said.

"Right," he said. He'd never really known his great aunt, but his mother had been close to her as a kid. "Look, I'll be there as soon as I can, okay? I'm about to leave Gallup right now."

"Okay, honey, see you when you get here."

"Okay, Mom, I love you," he said.

"Love you too. Bye," she said and then hung up quickly.

He shoved his phone into his wallet, double checked the room to make sure he hadn't forgotten anything and then left the motel room. Once the bill was paid, he grabbed a fast food breakfast and ate on the road. He'd be in Kansas in a half a day. He wondered how long it would take Anna to get there by bus; she would have been better off staying with him. Greyhound was not a fun or fast way to travel; he knew from experience in college. 

The miles ticked by as the pavement passed under his SUV, his thoughts often drifting back to his night with Anna. It still blew his mind that he'd slept with her; he reminded himself that she was the hottest girl he'd ever been with. Many times he had to force himself to think of something else before his cock demanded some kind of attention. 

Fourteen hours and two more tanks of gas later, Jack pulled up to the family ranch in Topeka, Kansas and found the string of cars where the rest of the family had decided to park. Leaving his bags in the vehicle, he made his way up to the large ranch house. To Jack it looked like a small hotel, though, with all the windows to the multiple bedrooms spread throughout the house. He shook his head in wonderment, never realizing just how wealthy some of his family was. They must have stayed that wealthy by not sharing with the rest of the family, he thought bitterly. 

"Hello!" he called from the foyer of the mansion-like ranch house. On either side of the foyer that was about the size of half of his house back home stood two marble staircases that met a walkway at the top. The railings were made of a deep mahogany in a fancy, hand-carved design with Cherubs squatting at the ends. He shook his head at the gaudy chandelier above his head adorned with hundreds of crystals cascading light in every direction. 

Straight ahead of him he could see two hallways breaking off to the left and the right, but directly in front of him was a set of large double-doors standing wide open to reveal an office of some sort. He ventured forward, his shoes causing a clicking sound to echo off of the walls decorated with old paintings of past generations. He ignored their eerie, staring eyes that glared down at him with disapproval. 

"Fuck you," he said to them under his breath. Jack couldn't stand his family from the South and Midwest. They all had a tendency to be arrogant and extremely racist. There were a few exceptions, like his cousins from his mother's side; they were all pretty cool with Jack. They mostly lived in California, Arizona and Colorado, though. He hoped to run into some of them again. It'd been years since their last visit with each other, he knew that if it wasn't for social media, he wouldn't recognize them if they walked up to him in a public place. 

Entering the large office, he found that it was more of a library than anything. Large windows draped with thin curtains allowed light to spill in gloriously, lighting up each packed shelf. When he reached the over-sized oak desk he did a 180 and took in the entire room. On either twenty-foot wall to his left and right were shelves full of books with a wraparound walkway halfway up. On each wall stood a rolling ladder to help reach the higher shelves. Two stairways similar to the ones in the foyer met the wraparound walkway in the corners of the room that flanked the doorway. 

"Every book in here is a first edition," an older gentleman in a gray suit said as he walked across the plush, red carpet Jack had barely noticed due to his distraction of the library.

"Is that right?" Jack asked, pretending to not be impressed. The room was so beautifully designed, he wished he could shake the hand of the architect who dreamt it up so many generations ago.

The slightly overweight man offered his hand to Jack with a big smile. "Name's Jed. And you are?"

Jack shook his hand. "Jack. Jack Elliot," he introduced himself.

"Oh! You're Judy's boy!" the man said excitedly. "The one who owns the construction business in California, right?"

Jack allowed himself to smile as he nodded. "That's me. Where is my mom?" he asked.

"Come with me, I'll take you to her," he said, leading him out of the library. "So, you like the library, huh?" Jed inquired. 

"I do. How old is this house? Parts seem very old while others seem to be recently renovated," Jack asked, truly curious about the structure despite who owned it. 

"This house has been around since before the Civil War, Jack," Jed told him enthusiastically. He went on about the house until they reached the largest kitchen Jack had ever seen. There he found his mother with a few other ladies preparing food to be cooked and cleaning dishes. 

"Judy, I found this young man wandering around my library," Jed said in mock annoyance, winking at Jack. Jack grinned back at the old man.

"Jack!" his mother cried as she put a dirty plate back in the water to soak. She dried her hands and rushed across the room to greet her son. 

"Hi, Mom. How are you?" he asked, hugging his mother.

"I'm doing alright. How was the drive?" she asked.

"It was fine. Hit a storm in New Mexico, though," he told her.

"Well, at least you made it here safely. Come, I'll show you to your room," she urged, tugging him by the arm.

"You aren't going to introduce me to anyone?" he asked quietly as they left the kitchen.

His mother chortled. "I have no doubt you'll meet them later, Jack. I need a break from them, if I must tell you the truth," she said.

She took him towards the back of the mansion to a nearly secluded room. He felt cut off from the rest of the house, but it was exactly what he would prefer. Sometimes family functions got to a point where he needed a break from everybody. Jack preferred being alone and only spent time with people on occasion, even though he ran his own business. His siblings would always tease him for being such a loner, but now he would throw it back at them by flaunting his success. 

Back at home he had a simple but luxurious house in a rich, gated community in Irvine California; a three car garage with three different vehicles (an F-150 for work, his Expedition for travel and a 2013 Mustang Shelby GT500 for fun); a camper sat in a storage place for his extended travels across the country or if he had an out-of-state project to work on. He was sitting pretty back in California. He wouldn't compare himself to his siblings, not only because they weren't there to give him a hard time, but because, in his opinion, there was no comparison. He was the youngest of four and all three of his older siblings were married with families, but none of them had the financial success he enjoyed. It was when he thought of how different he was from them that reality would sink in and he wished he had a family of his own.

"Your brother and sisters will be here in a couple hours," his mother chimed in as if she could read his mind. It happened so often with him that he believed she did have telepathic abilities. 

"Good," he said, hiding his emotions the best he could. 

"You know, deep down they love you; it's the only reason they get on your back about finding someone," she said, taking his hands in hers as she looked up at him. 

He forced a grin as he looked back at his mother; she was the best person in the world to him. He was the baby in the family, so they'd always had a close relationship. It was because of that it seemed she could read his mind. At the mention of finding someone, his thoughts went directly back to Anna.

"You did meet someone, didn't you?" she asked, searching his eyes.

"What? No! Well, kinda. There was a girl stranded in Gallup that I helped out. Her old rusty truck was broken down on the off ramp, so I took her into town," he explained, leaving out the amazing sex they'd had.

"Did you bang her?" she asked unexpectedly. If there was one thing about his mother that he could never get used to, it was the moments when she would catch him off guard with questions only his friends or his siblings would ask.

"Mom!" he chided, his face burning hot.

She laughed hysterically. "Oh, come on. I'm old but not that old. A pretty girl stranded on the side of the road in the middle of the night. Probably broke, I take it?" she pried.

He nodded. "Kinda. She had a little money, but not enough to pay for repairs on her truck. In fact, the thing isn't even worth repairing. I think she sold it to a scrap metal place before catching her bus."

"You never answered my question, Jack," she pressed teasingly. 

He looked at his mother incredulously. "What's gotten into you, Mom?" he laughed.

"I'm just giving you a hard time. There's a paved road that breaks off of the driveway that leads to the back of the house, so you can park by that door there," she said, pointing at a door on the exterior wall of his room. 

"I've got outside access?" he questioned in disbelief. "Man, this is like staying in a luxury motel, if they existed."

"Yeah, you're pretty secluded here. There are no other bedrooms except for directly across the hall, and on that wall," she pointed to her left, "is a full-sized bathroom with a laundry room on the other side."

"So, if I went into town, picked up some random chick at a bar and brought her back here, no one would hear a thing," he mused out loud to his mother's amusement. 

She laughed. "What happens in Kansas stays in Kansas, right?" she joked. 

"Usually because everyone's family," he added.

Judy laughed hysterically. "I've missed you, Jack. Now, go bring your car to the back and unpack for now. There's some family you will be meeting in the morning. Get some rest and come to the kitchen for breakfast," she said and then led him back to the front of the house.

He followed the paved service road to the back of the house, found his door and lugged his suitcase inside. Unpacking took a whole five minutes, but he was glad, because after the long drive from New Mexico, he needed to sleep. Stripping down to his boxers, he crawled into the soft, King sized bed and was passed out in seconds.

Talking outside his door woke him abruptly. He looked at his clock and it announced in bright red digits that the time was 1:32am. 

"Who the hell is causing so much noise out there?" he mumbled, crawling out of bed to investigate groggily. 

Crossing the room, he heard two female voices outside his door, both trying to stifle giggles as they fumbled for the doorknob. Opening his door a crack he saw them in a lip-lock with their limbs intertwined as they pulled at each other's clothes. His grogginess vanished as he realized what he was seeing. Then, just as they got their door open, he saw the face of the blonde for a flash and recognized her face immediately. 

"Anna?" he asked a little louder than he meant to as they disappeared into the bedroom. Before the door shut, though, the blonde looked outside, looking down the hall as if she'd heard something. She looked at his door and saw that it was open a crack, so he quickly shut it and backed away a few steps. Suddenly, she knocked, scaring the shit out of him. He knew he'd been caught and that she would barge in any second if he didn't answer. So, he took a deep breath and opened the door again.

Her eyes bulged as she recognized him. "Jack?" 

"Anna," he said, but without question since he'd already recognized her.

"What the hell are you doing here?" she asked.

"Well, this is where my family reunion I mentioned is going to be. Plus, the oldest member of our family passed away last night. So, I guess, we're having a funeral tomorrow," he explained. "What are you doing here?" he asked.

"I, well, I was at a bar and this girl was drunk and totally hitting on me, so, I went home with her," she said with a flirtatious smile.

"She may be a cousin of mine," he stated.

"Maybe," she said nervously.

"Well, I don't want to hold you up," he said, looking over her shoulder at the closed door.

"Are you kidding me? She passed out as soon as we got inside," she giggled. 

"Oh, huh, what's her name, by the way?" he asked.

She shrugged. "Never got that far," she said with a wink.

"Well, I just got her a few hours ago, so I have no idea who of my family is even here," he said. "So, I wouldn't even be able to even start trying to narrow things down."

She shrugged. "You know," she said running a finger down his chest lightly. "She did get me pretty horny."

He felt his cock twitch and start to grow. "Oh yeah?" he asked.

She nodded, stepping forward into his room; he backed away to allow her access. Before either of them could say another word, she planted her mouth on his and reached into his boxers, his half-hard cock reaching full mast in no time.

"That's what I'm talkin' about," she said as they made their way to the large bed. 

He pulled off her black tank-top revealing her braless, magnificent breasts. He dove in immediately, taking one in his mouth as he squeezed the other. She moaned in delight as he gave her much needed attention. Stopping for a moment, he picked her up and playfully tossed her onto the bed and then crawled on top of her, pulling off his white T-shirt as he did. Her breasts mashed into his chest as her arms wrapped around his neck, pulling him in for a deep, passionate kiss. 

"I missed you," she said, breaking the kiss after a few long seconds. 

"You have no idea," he replied, diving in for another lip-lock. 

She pushed at the waistband of his boxers, desperate to get them off of him. He helped by rolling off of her and whipping them off quickly. She did the same with her tiny, denim shorts and black thong. Amazed at the sight of her body again, he stared for a few seconds. She broke his concentration by rolling over on top of him, pinning his hard cock between their bellies. 

"Stop staring and fuck me already," she teasingly demanded. 

Grinning, he reached down and grabbed his cock and she lifted her hips off of his. Her mouth locked itself onto his as he rubbed the tip of his cock against her pussy lips. She moaned into his mouth and then pressed her hips down again once his rod was lined up with her hole. Jack reveled in the immediate warmth that came over his throbbing member. Anna broke their kiss with a gasp as he slowly entered her pussy. Once he was fully inside of her, they paused, enjoying the feeling of their bodies being reconnected again. 

"You left without saying goodbye, you know," he chastised her playfully.

"Let me make up for that," she said and then pushed herself up into a sitting position.

Jack gawked at her large tits as they bounced slightly from her change of position. Anna arched her back, sticking her breasts out further. He glanced up at her face and saw her eyes locked on his as she grinned impishly at him. 

"I know you like these," she said, squeezing her tits together. "Did you daydream about them on your long, hard drive?" 

Jack nodded stupidly, staring at her large fun-bags again. He reached up to grab them and she moved her hands away, granting him access. She leaned back slightly, pressing her palms into the mattress for support as she slowly began to gyrate her hips with his cock buried deep inside her pussy. Jack sighed contentedly at the feeling of her pussy moving around his rod while he played and squeezed her tits. After a few minutes, Anna leaned forward, supporting herself on his shoulders as she began to ride his cock with slow, heavy movements, like the piston of an engine. 

Jack's hands moved down to her waist, caressing her burning flesh that began to moisten with perspiration. He looked down at where their bodies met and took in the sight of her pussy swallowing up his cock; it matched the display of her now bouncing tits. She sat up straight, running her fingers through her long, blonde locks in ecstasy. Her eyes closed and her mouth opened, panting in ragged breaths. Her movements began to slow, so Jack decided to take control to give her rest. 

He sat up, pulling her upper body into his, wrapping his lips around one ample breast as he did. Anna pressed her abdomen into his, burying his cock to the hilt in her pussy. Jack then rolled to his right, pinning her to the bed with his own body. Anna's legs wrapped around Jack's waist, pulling her deeper into her wet hole every time he pulled out about half way. The slapping sound of their flesh echoed off the walls as they hurriedly fucked each other. No intelligible words were said as they grunted and expressed their enjoyment. 

Anna's nails dug into Jack's back as her orgasm began to build. She begged him to fuck her harder, whispering in his ear to do so. She didn't seem to have the strength to speak any louder. He did as she asked, though, holding back his own orgasm as much as possible until he knew she was about to explode. He felt her pussy twitch around his cock, already trying to milk his cum out of him. 

"I'm cumming!" she cried out in her first audible statement in the past twenty minutes. 
