 *Sorry this submission took so long to be completed. I've been working on a lot of other projects and this one just doesn't stand out to me as much as the others, but I promise to try and find a balance for my time between all my projects. Anyway, please comment and/or send feedback! Constructive criticism and praise is always welcome!*

Chapter 3

Jack woke the next morning in a tangle of naked limbs with Anna; the way he wished they'd woken in Arizona. He was amazed at the fact that she'd just walked into the house last night with another girl, whom he assumed was one of his cousins he'd hardly met, and came to his room instead. Granted, her original plan was passed out drunk across the hall, but who was he to argue with Aphrodite to arrange this little meet up this way? 

He caressed her bare shoulder, brushing away the blonde curl that obstructed her perfect, sun-tanned skin. Her shallow breaths kept steady as he lightly dragged his fingers across whatever skin he could reach with her curled up in his left arm. Her left leg was tucked between his legs, pressed up close against his member, which was hard from morning wood. He fought the urge to get out of bed to relieve himself; he was enjoying holding this perfect specimen of woman in his arms. 

Her large breasts were pressed firmly against his chest, just above his stomach. He noticed that she didn't even have a tan line from a bra or bikini top there, telling him she obviously tanned in the nude. He could picture it now; Anna laying out by a pool in California, completely bare as the sun cooked her smooth skin. Jack was still amazed that he'd hooked up with such a perfectly gorgeous woman. Twice in two days, and both completely by chance!

He couldn't fight the urge to relieve himself anymore, so he untangled himself from her grasp as gently as possible and then rushed into his private bathroom. He hated having to pee with an erection, having to contort himself into an uncomfortable position just to avoid making a mess with his urine.

"Jack?" he heard Anna call a minute later just before he flushed the toilet.

"Be right there!" he called back and then pushed the handle down on the commode. 

"Oh, you were just taking a piss," she said, giggling. "I thought you'd left me!" she said, winking as he came through the doorway, back into the bedroom. 

"Me leave you? Not a chance in Hell, beautiful. You're the only one who does the leaving around here," he teased.

"Hey, you forgave me for that!" she protested with a pout, her bottom lip jutting out as she exaggerated her offense. 

He grinned at her. "And you more than made up for it last night," he said, sitting down on the mattress. 

"Well, I'm glad to know you're easy to manipulate with sex," she said, grinning at him.

"Shit, all you'd really have to do is show me those perfect tits of yours, and I'd probably murder someone for you," he joked.

"Interesting," she said slyly. "I'll keep that in mind next time I need someone killed," she said, tapping her fingertips together.

Jack shook his head. "Are you hungry? I'm supposed to be meeting up with my family for breakfast. I'm sure you'd be able to join us," he offered.

"And how would you explain my being here? They know you came here alone, and are you really the type of guy to go pick up a chick at a bar?" she asked.

"No, but what if I told them you're the girl I met in Arizona?" 

"And, what, I just showed up here randomly?"

He laughed. "No, you called me needing a place to stay."

"I have a place to stay," she argued.

"They don't know that."

She shrugged. "Actually, I can't. I have a family thing myself to be at in a little bit. So, I need to get back to my hotel. Shit, I forgot we brought a cab here last night. Do you think I could get a ride or something?"

"I'll call you a cab," he said. "I know what my brother and sister would say if I showed up late to breakfast. We don't get along too well."

"Okay, thanks," she said, getting out of bed and pulling on her clothes.

"You really don't remember the girl's name from last night?" Jack asked.

Anna shook her head as she pulled her top back on. "We were both pretty drunk. I just function better than she does, I guess. She's really hot, though. Brunette, big tits, nice ass. Come to think of it, she looks a lot like me, just with brown eyes and hair."

"You must love yourself, then," Jack teased.

"Wouldn't you love yourself if you looked like me?" she joked, gesturing to her body.

"That's actually a fair question. I'd probably get stuck in front of a mirror, playing with those tits all day," he laughed.

She rolled her eyes. "Men," she said with a wink.

"Well, can I call you later to meet up if we have some free time?" Jack asked.

She smiled happily at him as she pulled on the rest of her clothes. "Of course, Jack. I'd love that," she said and then grabbed his phone off of the nightstand where he'd left it the night before. She entered her number into the phone and then handed it to him.

"Call me and leave a message. I'll call and make plans as soon as I can," she promised.

"I will do just that," he told her and then called a cab company. He told them they could pull around to the back of the house where she would be waiting, then got in the shower to get ready for breakfast. When he was done with his shower, he found that the cab had already picked her up and she hadn't said goodbye again. At least he had her number this time. 

"Dammit, I should have brought her into the shower with me," he chided himself for his mini blunder. Then he shrugged it off and made his way to the kitchen. 

There he met his siblings and their kids. His two nieces and two nephews saw him first and came running to him. He squatted down with his arms extended and they all collided into him at once. 

He was barely able to contain them all without falling back onto the hardwood floor, seeing as the oldest one, a niece, was about ten years old and didn't know her own strength. He may not have gotten along with his siblings much, but he always tried to be the best uncle to his nieces and nephews he could be. 

The more he thought about it, he realized it was mostly his brother he didn't get along with. He and his sister had always gotten along. It was that brother-in-law, though, that he didn't like at all. He was an arrogant prick according to Jack. He always flaunted his money, even though Jack made more. Jack just didn't show it by living modestly. He had a nice home, but not a mansion. He dressed simply for the most part and didn't like to draw a lot of attention to himself by wearing expensive suits everywhere he went. 

Jack let go of the kids and stood up again. He gave his sister, Samantha, a hug and kissed her on the cheek. She looked better than ever; you never would have known Lily and Lana (ages 9 and 6) were hers and Jared's kids. She always found a way to get back to her perfect, curvy figure she'd had since High School. He thought she looked even better now than she had then.

"Hey sis, how have you been?" he asked, holding her at arm's length after pulling out of their hug.

"I've been good. You should stop by and visit more," she said, almost pleading with him.

"Yeah," he said, looking at Jared who glared at him through the short crystal glass he drank from. "I'll try and do that," he said noncommittally. Jared lowered his glass and refilled it with more amber liquid. 

"Whiskey already, eh, Jared?" Jack said in a fake, friendly tone. 

"Fuck you," he mouthed. 

"Love you too, bro in law," he said and then turned towards his older brother. "Bryan," he greeted, extending his hand. His brother shook his hand reluctantly, not even bothering to smile. 

"Good to see you, Jack," he said dryly.

"I'm sure it is. Hey, Connie," he said in a much friendlier tone, walking around his brother to hug his drop-dead-gorgeous sister-in-law. If Samantha was curvy, Connie was voluptuous. Her fiery red hair, fair, yet freckled, skin made her dangerous curves all that much more sexy to Jack. 

He'd always had a crush on her, ever since she and Bryan started dating back in college. Anna may have had some nice, gorgeous breasts, but they were nothing compared to Connie's DD's. But what Jack loved most about Connie was her round, bubble butt. She may not have lost as much of her baby weight as Samantha had, but the little bit of weight she'd gained only made her that much curvier. 

"Hi, Jack. It's good to see you again," she said, kissing him on the cheek.

"You kids ready to go?" their mother asked. "Your Uncle George will be waiting at the restaurant alone if we don't get going," she said.

"Where's Nathan?" Jack asked. "Isn't he coming to the reunion?"

"He is; he's just taking care of some...family business," she said cryptically. 

Jack didn't question her further; it was pointless to try and get information out of his mother. When she wasn't ready to share something, she was Fort Knox. 

At the restaurant, which was just off of the lobby of the expensive hotel Uncle George and his family were staying in, they met him at the bar where he sipped on a mimosa. He ordered more for the rest of them and hot chocolates for the children to be brought to their table. 

"It's about damn time," he teasingly scolded them for their tardiness and then led them to the tables pushed together to seat them all. 

"So, what was it you had to tell us before the reunion?" Judy asked her brother.

"Right to business, then, huh? Okay, then. You all know that your aunt isn't my first wife," he stated and Jack and his siblings all nodded, following his explanation. "Well, my first wife had a kid and, not too long after we were married, she took the kid and left. Completely disappeared! She changed her identity and, come to find out, put her daughter up for adoption."

"She wasn't the most stable person," Judy said and took a sip of her mimosa.

"So, what are you getting at, Uncle George?" Bryan asked.

"Well, it turns out her daughter has been searching for me the past few years," he said nervously.

"And?" Jack pressed his uncle for more information along with his brother.

"And...here she is," he said, pointing at the window across the room from them. All they could see was the top of the girl's head, as the window was frosted decoratively. But Jack swore he recognized that blonde hair. As she came into view and the host opened the large glass door for her with a slight bow, Jack about shit himself as Anna walked in. He had a mix of emotions, though. He'd had a sneaking suspicion that she was somehow family, and afraid she was a long lost cousin he'd never met, but to find out she was an adopted cousin with no blood relation gave him a sense of relief. But, there was still the complication that she was still technically family and the rest of his family would probably freak out if they found out they'd been fucking lately.

She looked at me and only had a moment where she seemed to recognize me, but she dismissed it as quickly as he'd seen it. Jack mentally shook any thoughts of her out of his head and pretended to not know her.

"Everybody, this is Anna," Uncle George said and began to introduce her to everybody at the table. Jack had to stop himself from staring multiple times, wondering just how he was going to act when Uncle George brought her by his seat.

"Anna, this is Jack," he said when he finally made it around to Jack's side of the table. 

Jack stretched out his hand and she took it, winking at him as she shook his hand. "Nice to meet you, Anna."

"It's nice to meet you, too, Jack," she said with a hint of a knowing voice. He flashed a warning with his eyes and she winked again and then sat down in the seat across from him. He realized she'd already met the rest of the family already and was ready to sit down to order breakfast with the rest of them. 

Jack's phone buzzed in his pocket as he looked over the menu. Out of her peripheral, he saw Anna set her phone down on the table, so he waited another minute before pulling his phone out to check his text messages. 

"Hey there....cousin ;)" Anna's text message read. 

"Not funny," Jack replied and then set his phone down to return his attention to the menu in front of him. None of the words registered in his mind, but luckily his fall back was always French toast, eggs and hash browns. He'd order them a la carte if he had to. 

"You mean you don't find your cousin sexy? Lol" she said, torturing him. 

Jack glanced at his phone and saw the message before it disappeared, leaving only the icon indicating he had a new text message. He shook his head and then grimaced as he felt his stomach turn. 

"Jack, relax, we're only related through marriage. I barely knew George growing up," she sent before he could even clear the other message.

He picked up his phone but felt like he was going to throw up. So he told his mother, who sat next to him, what he wanted and then excused himself to the bathroom. He couldn't get across the lobby fast enough to reach the bathrooms beyond the front desk. Jack pushed through the door and rushed into a stall. He never vomited, but he needed a chance to breathe and wrap his brain around everything. How could he not see the signs? They were both heading to the same state for a family reunion. How many people chose to go to Kansas for a family reunion, honestly? He sat down on the toilet, resting his head in his hands.

Jack told himself he couldn't beat himself up too badly since he'd never met Anna before and had barely even heard stories about his uncle's past marriage, and if Anna had been taken away from him when she was a small child, there was no way he would have ever met her. Plus, she'd been his step-daughter, so there was absolutely no blood relation between them. It would likely just be an awkward situation to explain to their family.

"Jack?" Anna's voice echoed through the bathroom.

"Anna? What the hell are you doing in here?"

"Oh relax; I've been in classier men's rooms than this and this one is pretty damn nice. Holy shit they even have cloth towels!"

Jack couldn't help but smile at her playfulness. He didn't know how, but she was already proving to have the ability to make him smile in even the toughest of situations.

"You okay in there?" she asked. "Do you need help?"

"Shut up," he chuckled.

Suddenly her head appeared below the stall door he was in, startling him into laughter.

"You're insane," he laughed.

She smiled at him from ear to ear. "There's that smile I love. Let me in," she demanded and Jack complied without thinking.

"I'm sorry about that in there. I just freaked out at what my siblings would think if they found out you're the one I met up with in New Mexico," Jack told her.

"They know about that?" she asked, pretending to be scared.

Jack rolled his eyes. "Not about the fucking, obviously, but....wait, only my mom knows I met someone in that storm. She even asked if I fucked you," he laughed again and Anna joined him. 

"I think I'll like your mom. So, what's the problem? Is it the taboo of your uncle once being my step-dad?" she asked, lightly rubbing his thighs. 

Jack nodded. "My siblings hate me as it is, and if they found out about this, I'd never hear the end of it," he said and then thought about it for a second. "Actually, no, they'd stop speaking to me altogether. Doesn't sound so bad, actually."

"Don't say that. You're family; you know you'd miss your nieces and nephews. They are sooo cute," she said.

"Yeah, they are," he admitted fondly. He did love those kids; he just wished he was invited to see them more often. 

"Tell you what," she said, adding more pressure to his legs. "Why don't I do something for you to take the edge off and help you relax?" she offered, her hands brushing his flaccid cock; it immediately began to respond to her touch.

"Here?" he asked doubtfully. "Not even you are that crazy," he challenged, knowing full well what her reaction would be; to prove him wrong.

"Don't think so?" she asked, falling right into his trap, though she knew what he was attempting to do, which was to take control. Jack didn't realize she'd been in complete control the whole time, though. She'd led him directly to his challenge.

Anna reached up and unbuckled his belt followed by the button of his pants. She then pulled the zipper down and then tugged on the waistband. Jack stood up and allowed her to remove his pants. She slid her hands up his hairy legs all the way up into his boxers where she dragged her nails over his ass, causing goose pimples to appear on every inch of his body. His cock grew hard at her touch, threatening to poke out of his plain white boxers with thin, light green stripes. Without bothering to remove his boxers, she reached into his boxers through the access hole provided and pulled his thick cock out. She smiled up at him as she admired its girth and length. 

Her smile only left her face to receive his tool into her mouth. Her lips spread wide over the crown of his cock, enveloping him in a wave of pleasure. Inch by inch his cock slid slowly into her mouth, threatening to hit the back of her throat if she took him any farther. She did just that and the tip of his cock bumped the back of her throat. Anna sucked hard as she pulled his cock out of her mouth and then repeated the same action. Soon she began to build a rhythm and bobbed her head on his cock. Jack reached down and took hold of the back of her head with one hand while propping himself up on the cool, tiled wall with the other. He gently rocked his hips forward as he pulled her head down on his cock. 

Anna's tongue swirled and raced over the surface of his cock, licking everywhere it could reach without her removing her mouth from his shaft. Then she did, gripping his length with her hand to lick him from balls to tip like a large Popsicle. Jack closed his eyes as cool air hit his now wet cock before Anna began to lick his entire length from balls to tip. He reopened his eyes in time to see her swallow him back down again. He pushed her head down on his cock and fucked her mouth relentlessly. She pulled back her head when she needed air, but after a couple deep breaths she quickly sucked him down again. Jack felt his orgasm build and began to buck his hips harder, forcing his cock against her throat even harder. He looked down and saw tears in her eyes, but she moved her head faster knowing he was close to the edge. 

Jack's head fell back as he was about to blast his seed into Anna's mouth. She slowed her efforts, but didn't let up on the pressure, sucking hard on his dick without moving her head much. She sucked on him like his dick was a straw too thin for a milkshake; he'd never felt pressure like that before. He looked down at her one last time and the intensity in her eyes was all he needed. His dick exploded into her mouth. 

One big blast, then another and another and another until, finally, all he could produce were tiny little spurts. He watched her swallow quickly as each glob of jizz hit the back of her throat. When his dick stopped releasing semen she gave one last strong suck to make sure he was clean and then licked him up. After that she grabbed a small wad of toilet paper and dried him off before gently stuffing his cock back into his boxer shorts and then wiped up the corners of her mouth.

"That was a lot of cum," she praised. "I can't wait to see what else you've got for me tonight," she said with a wink. "I better head back in there. Take your time and relax; everything will be fine."

Anna kissed Jack on the lips and could taste the saltiness of his cum still on her mouth. Surprisingly it didn't bother him and he kissed back.

As she opened the stall door, she looked over her shoulder and said, "By the way, the girl last night was your cousin Stacy," and then she walked out of the bathroom.
