 "So I'm coming over to your place in thirty minutes, and then we'll head out to the drive-in movie." Shaun said to me over the phone, clearing things up. 

"Sounds like a plan." I answered. We said our goodbyes and then I hung up the phone. 

Tonight was a Saturday night, and yesterday was my birthday, but my best friend Shaun wasn't in town until this morning. Tonight is his way of making it up to me for missing my twenty first birthday.

I turned around inside my room and made a beeline for my closet. Shaun has been my best friend since the third grade when he was fat, and I had braces and pigtails. We had both grown up a lot since then.

Shaun grew up to be a very attractive man. He was popular amongst the women, and he knew it. He has so much confidence, but it seems as if he's not really interested in women. Maybe he's gay?

Even so, I would still like to dress to impress. After all, it is still my birthday weekend.

I grabbed my Lacey black see through shirt, and a black bralette before putting them on. I paired them with light blue jeans and black ankle boots. I didn't bother with my wild curly black hair, but I did use black eyeliner to line my sea green eyes.

I just sprayed a little perfume on me when I heard a car horn from outside.

I quickly grabbed my jacket and flew out the door, locking it behind me. Once I was inside Shaun's car, I turned to him and smiled.

Shaun smiled back at me and said, "you look as beautiful as ever." 

My smile widened in a silent thanks, and he peeled off into the direction of the movies.

I snuck glances at him every once in a while, and saw that he had gained a little more muscle on his lean body. His black hair was a little on the messy side in a sexy way, and he wore a smirk on his chiseled face.

He was perfection.

We pulled into the drive-in and Shaun insisted in paying for the both of our tickets. "My treat." He winked at me, before slowly driving to find us a perfect place to park.

Couples, and teens looked at Shaun's Mercedes Benz, but his tinted windows prevented them from seeing us.

We finally found a spot in the middle of all the cars, and the screen was directly in front of us, displaying previews and ads.

"Do you want any popcorn or something to drink? I'm going to walk to the concessions." Shaun asked me. I shook my head no, and he got out of the car.

I watched him leave before turning back to the previews. The viewing was loud, but I rolled down the windows anyways, so we could get the full affect.

As I was rolling down Shaun's window, something shiny caught my eye on his door. I stuck my hand in the little pocket on the door and found a few CDs and some papers. When I pulled out the shiny thing, it was a small foiled wrapper. I gasped as I stared at the condom.

'Maybe it's just an extra from his trip? Yeah, that's got to be it. We're just friends!' 

My mind was swirling with questions, when I saw Shaun approaching the car. I quickly stuffed the condom into the pocket, and sat back in my seat.

He opened the door and got in, peering at me weirdly. "Hey, the line was way too long, so I'm going to wait for it to die down a bit."

"O-oh, okay." I said in a small voice. 'Act natural!' I thought to myself.

"Are you okay?" Shaun asked me in a confused voice, his eyebrow raised as he glanced at my hands.

I looked down to see my hands clenched in really tight fists. I jolted in shock, and attempted to breathe out slowly. I slowly loosened my hands, and gave Shaun an easy smile. "I'm totally fine."

He chuckled at me before relaxing back into his seat.

I don't even know why I'm freaking out so bad. I need to remain calm. I don't even think Shaun thinks of me that way. He sees me as more of a younger sister. Yeah.

The movie starts and the lights that were lighting up the field we are all parked on went out. A cool breeze wafts through the car, relaxing my tense body. 

And that's when I feel Shaun's hand on my thigh. Aw crap.

"Uh Shaun?" I said, turning to him with an awkward ass smile on my face.

"Hm?" He turns to me, his eyebrows raised in question. "Did you need something?"

"What are you doing?"

"Watching the movie."

"That's not what I mean."

"Then what do you mean Sierra?" 

I groan before turning back around and trying to relax again. Thirty minutes into the movie, and I somehow ended up in the back seat with my knees up to my chest, cowering in fear.

The movie was scaring the hell out of me, and being in the dark was not helping. A jump scare happens and I yelp a little, hiding my face inside my jacket. The actress's screams pierce my eardrums.

The door next to me opens, and I jump a little. Shaun slides in next to me and closes the door behind himself.

"I almost forgot how much of a scaredy cat you actually are." He laughs at me.

"Oh shove it." I gritted out, annoyed.

I scoot a little closer to Shaun and lay my head on his shoulder so I can hide in it when the music becomes intense.

He lifts his arm and wraps it around me, pulling me closer to him. This was normal for us. We have always been comfortable enough around each other, and we've always been super close. But seeing that condom earlier made me nervous. 

If Shaun were to try to have sex with me and I agreed, he would be my second time. My first time was awful. It hurt, and the guy came after ten minutes, and fell asleep on top of me. I was pissed. It wasn't at all how the movies and books said it would be.

Shaun's hand is currently on my side, rubbing me gently. This soothes me a little and gives me courage to peek at the screen. The sound was muffled a bit and I noticed he rolled the windows up.

"It was getting chilly." Shaun explains to me after I ask why he rolled the windows up.

His hand slid up under my shirt but stayed at my side, rubbing it in small circles. I bite my lip and decide to not say anything. I didn't want to make it any more awkward than it already was.

Then he starts lightly scratching my side, but instead of tickling me, it makes me feel hot. The spot where he is touching my body tingles and shoots signals straight to my pussy. I clench my thighs together, and nibble on my bottom lip.

His hand slides out from my shirt, and he turns to me. Before I could question him, he molds his soft lips onto mine. His right hand comes up to cup the back of my head, holding me in place as he devours my mouth. His left hand is sliding up my things, and up my ribcage.

He then grabs my hefty boob and starts kneading my flesh. I gasp as a shock zips through my body, and he immediately plunges his tongue into my mouth, and explores.

I'm breathing heavy through my nose, and I feel my body actually push itself closer to him. He pulls me so that I'm straddling him, and pulls my shirt off along with my bra. 

One of his hands grab my ass, and the other holds my tit in place as he sucks on my nipple. His tongue swirls around it, and his lips tug on it.

I let out a throaty moan as my head falls back. I absentmindedly begin grinding my lower body onto him, needing the friction. 

He kisses up from my boob up to my neck and leaves a trail of love marks. I moan softly. His mouth meets mine again and our tongues are making love to each other.

Both of his hands are on my ass, and he uses them to grind me against him the way he likes. He kneads my ass, and I pull away to breath. My elbows are on his shoulders, and my head is thrown back. Our grinding gets more aggressive, and I feel myself becoming wetter than I already was.

In one fluid motion, I'm on my back with my legs wrapped around Shaun's waist who is now on top of me. He grabs my pants and underwear and pulls them off of me in a quick motion.

I shiver as I realize how vulnerable I am to him. I am now completely naked, and I lay bare at his mercy.

He sucks in a breath and his eyes widen as he gazes down at me. I couldn't imagine what he sees. My lips feel bruised from our fierce make out, my curly hair a wild untamable mess. My breasts moving with each breath I take, and my pussy glistening with the evidence of my arousal. I must look a sight.

"You're the most stunning woman I have ever laid eyes on." He mumbles to himself. 

My eyes widen in surprise. He takes my nipple in his mouth and massages it with his tongue, causing me to squirm with need. He kisses slowly down my stomach, and my eyes lock to his as he travels lower than my navel. 

Green eyes clashed with blue ones as he kisses my thighs lovingly. He bites me and I gasp, before I whine.

His hit tongue dips into my pussy, and I bite my lip as he tastes me. His tongue is guiding my weeping nectar into his mouth. And then his tongue circles my clit in slow motions. My eyes roll to the back of my head, and both of my hands grasp on to his hair.

I start to constantly moan, and my thighs are trying to close on him, but his big powerful hands prevent them from moving.

"Shaun!" I call out as he sucks on my clit and begins to flick it with his fast tongue. "Ooooh... Ah.. ahhhhhhh." 

I'm lost in a sea of riveting pleasure and I can do nothing but accept the torture he is putting me through. My head whips from side to side as I grind my pussy onto his mouth.

"Fuck!" I yell, as I grind faster. My hands grip his hair harder and I'm using it to fuck his face harder. "Mmmmmm."

Shaun's tongue focuses on my clit, and I can do nothing but squeal, as I feel my body tightening up with a wave of intense orgasmic pleasure. "Shaunnnnnn... Mmmm... Ooooh."

He laps up my cum, cleaning me thoroughly. I shiver from small waves of pleasure that still attack me.

He climbs up my body, I can see that his clothes were taken off at some point. He wears a cocky grin on his face, but awe is shining in his eyes as he gazes at me.

He slowly kisses me, and I slowly kiss him back, my body relaxed from my orgasm. 

He lowers his hips on to mine, and I can feel his cock gliding through my slick folds. He braces the top half of his body with his elbows, and his hands are gripping my hair tightly as he kisses me.

The head of his cock provides friction for my clit, and I become horny all over again. He's breathing heavily into my ear from the pleasure he is receiving. He hips move a little faster, and I start to grind up into him. He moans, and starts to furiously hump me.

All you can hear are the sounds of Shaun and I panting, and the wet sound of his dick sliding against me deliciously.

"Please." I beg him, my eyes searching his, as I ask him for something I'm not even sure that I want.

With a slight shift of his hips, his bulbous head prods my opening. He reaches down and grips the base of his dick, using his hand to rub his head up and down my slit. He focuses on my clit for a few seconds before he's guiding it back to my opening. 

He shoves forward a little and I can feel him parting me. He pulls back a little and slides forward, half of his cock inside of me. He pauses and his body tenses up. 

"Oh fuck." He moans, before pushing himself all the way in to the hilt.

I'm breathing hard and letting out little moans, trying to adjust to his size. I grip his shoulders tightly, and I urge him to move.

He pulls out an inch and shoves back in. We both groan. He pulls out halfway, and goes back in.

He thrusts into me and soon we find a rhythm we are both comfortable with. Soon the car is filled with the sound of his hips meeting mine.

I kiss his neck and nibble on his ear. He grunts and starts to roughly fuck me. His hips start to slam into mine and I groan loudly, meeting him thrust for thrust. 

"Oh fuck me!" I yell excitedly.

His hands grab my shoulders and he starts jack hammering into my body, moaning loudly repeatedly as I moan as well. 

"Oh uh uh uh uh huhhh." I groan out loud. 

He bends down and bites my neck hard, without breaking skin, and he thrusts into me wildly seeking his release. 

"Shaun!" I shout as something builds inside me. "Ohhhh fuck."

He leans back and places my legs over his shoulders, and his hands grip the backs of my knees, opening me up wider for him.

He grunts wildly as he pistons in and out of me. "Oh yes baby.. ohhh fuck.. oh yeah.. come on baby."

"Ah, fuck me daddy!" I shout, and with two sharp thrusts from him, I explode all over him. 

His moans grow louder as he slams into me, and he shouts my name as him cums inside of.

His hot seed shoots through me and splashes around in my insides. 

His hips are still moving slowly, and we are both moaning softly. He shoves himself as deep as he can inside of me and another spurt of cum shoots out as he groans.

He pulls his dick out of me as it goes limp. My body is shaking, and I look at Shaun to see him covered in my juices.

"You squirt on me." He said with amusement. "That's never happened to me before."

My eyes widened in embarrassment. "Oh shoot." 

He pulls out a box of tissues, and we clean ourselves up a bit before putting our clothes on.

"So what does this mean?" I asked him.

He stared down at me with a blank expression on his face. "It means..."