 "Just find someone and ask him!" 

In the stall behind me sat three girls. I could see them because there was a mirrored wall and I could see their reflection. 

Two of the them sat facing in my direction. Both were blonde, one with short hair and the other with shoulder length hair. Both looked around eighteen. The third, a brunette, sat opposite me. From the sound of her voice I figured she was around the same age as the others. 

"No, Kelly" the brunette said. "I want to know if I can cum with someone I barely know but I don't want to actually find out". 

One of the blondes spoke. "Just take a look around, Rachel." 

"OK Beth, if you two promise to stop nagging me." 

Rachel stood up. She must have noticed me sitting by myself.

"Well Rach?" said Beth. 

"Him?" Rachel whispered, but loud enough for me to hear. 

"Why not?" said Kelly, "go for it". 

"I can't." 

Beth got out of her seat and walked around to where I was. 

"Excuse me, but my friend wants to fuck you." 

My heart almost burst out of my chest. 

"Beth!" Rachel said. 

Beth took my hand and sat me next to Kelly. Rachel was red with embarassment. She hid her face with her hand but I could see her peeking at me through her fingers. 

"Well are you going to fuck him or not?" said Kelly. 

Rachel shook her head. "No, I mean, I don't know." 

I took a deep breath. "My name's Zak," I said nervously, "and I think I can help you." 

"Oh really?" said Rachel moving her hand from her face. 

"Yes. I can give you an orgasm, right here, right now." 

Beth and Kelly giggled. 

"We're confident, aren't we?" said Rachel. She covered her mouth in an obvious attempt to stop from laughing. 

"I can give you an orgasm right here, or we can wait until we get home" I said, my confidence building.

"And what makes you think I want an orgasm from you?" Rachel's eyes were dilated. 

"It's up to you. But you do want to find out if you can have an orgasm with someone you barely know". 

"And how are you going to do this?"

"It's a technique called the Eros Hummingbird. But I need to be sitting close to you." 

"Come on Beth" said Kelly, "swap over with Zak so we can watch him in action." 

Beth stood up and we exchanged seats.

"So what now?" said Rachel.

I put my arm around her waist. 

"Hmmmm" she said, grinning at her friends. "I'm cumming already." 

I slid my hand down the down Rachel's panties and pressing my middle finger between Rachel's pussy lips I lightly stroked her. As I gently moved my finger I felt her pussy moisten. Very slowly I pushed all the way into her vagina. I hooked my finger and moved it in a tapping motion against the front wall of her pussy, where her g-spot was. 

Rachel's face flushed. She placed her hand flat on the table.

I moved my finger in small but quick motions, pressing it against her g-spot like I was mashing a button on a video game. 

Rachel clenched her mouth tight, trying not to moan. 

"Oh fuck me," Rachel said, as quiet as she could. Her hand balled up into a fist and then she opened it, spreading her fingers. 

"Oh my god."

But I wasn't finished yet. 

I shoved my other hand down her skirt and rubbed her clit with my fingers while continuing to touch her g-spot. 

"Nnnnnnng" she moaned. "Fuck."

Out of the corner of my eye I could see Kelly and Beth had their hands down their panties and were rubbing themselves.

Rachel's pussy contracted and I slipped another finger inside her. I was finger fucking her while rubbing her clit. 

Rachel tried not to scream. Other people could see us but I was sure no one had any idea what was happening. 

Beth fell back into her seat. "Oh fuck" she said in a low voice. "I'm cumming". 

Kelly followed. She leaned forward as she came, and closed her thighs tight around her hand. 

"Oh god yes." 

I withdrew my hands from Rachel's skirt. I must have awakened something in her because in seconds she had unzipped my jeans and had my cock in her mouth. 

Now it was my turn to be surprised. Rachel sucked my cock like there was no tomorrow, her wet mouth felt so good. I could feel her tongue teasing my cock and soon I was in a state of ecstasy. 

And then she popped my cock out of her mouth and pumped my cock hard and fast. I moaned as I felt the cum start to well up. 

I looked over at Kelly. The side of her head was on the table and her mouth was open and eyes were glazed. She looked like she was in a constant state of orgasm. 

I thrust my cock upwards. Rachel kept hold of it and continued to pump it. I thrust upwards again. 

Beth sat mesmerized. She was still rubbing her pussy but slower. It was as if she was lost in her own little world. It was as if we all were. I don't think any of us would have noticed if someone had seen us, and I don't think any of us would have been able to stop. 

Another stroke of Rachel's hand bought my attention back to what she was doing.

"I'm going to cum" I moaned. 

Rachel took my dick back into her mouth. My cock jerked and I came. I could literally feel Rachel swallowing as my cock spurted wads of cum down her throat. I lost count of how many times my dick spasmed. I don't know if it was from being in a public place, or because I was with three girls, or the fact they were strangers, but I never came so hard in my life. 

Rachel sat up and wiped her mouth. 

"Oh my god I can't believe I just did that" she said. 

I smiled. I could barely believe any of it. But it did happen and it still makes me hard today, just thinking about it.