 It was one of those dreary February Saturdays, late afternoon, with nothing much going on, and nothing much to do. I was so bored I found myself lying back on the couch watching a basketball game. It wasn't even a good game, two mismatched teams that had inevitably turned into a second half blowout.

That was when the doorbell rang.

I turned off the TV, got up off the sofa and answered the door. Standing outside in the chill was a short redhead, bundled up in a jacket and carrying a folder full of papers. "Can I help you," I said.

She smiled and said, "Hi, my name is Anna, and I'm here on behalf of the United Way. We're selling magazine subscriptions to raise money for local charities, and if I can have a moment of your time, I'd like to show you what I have available."

Magazine subscriptions? Oh, brother. On the other hand, I could see her shivering a little bit in the gloom. Time to be nice. Besides, I was bored. "It's chilly out there. Why don't you come on in, and show me your stuff? It's a lot warmer in the house."

"Oh, thank you very much," she said. "I've been out there for a while, and it's really starting to get cold." 

She stepped into the house, and I offered to take her coat. She put her folders and paperwork on the coffee table and slipped the jacket off and handed to me. I hung it on the doorknob, and got my first real look at her as she sat down on the sofa.

She was about my age, late 40's, and the years had been good to her. She had that redheaded complexion, with a light dusting of freckles and the kind of face that was attractive with or without makeup. She was built more on the sturdy side, but had a chest that drew attention immediately. The top she was wearing advertised it well, showing a nice bit of cleavage, especially when she bent forward to start getting her sale papers in some sort of order. It was a nice view.

She went into her sales pitch about how the magazine companies and the charity were splitting the money from the subscriptions 50/50 and that I could write off half of the cost on taxes. She had a good smile and did a nice job of trying to sell her product.

I interrupted her. "I've never seen a magazine sale like this one before. Usually it's been college kids trying to collect money for school, or scam artists. Not that you are one of those, of course," I added hastily.

She laughed. "No, I'm not a scam artist. And, I'm a little older than those college students."

"It looks good on you," I said.

"Why, thank you. Anyway, this was my idea. A lot of people think that they get pressured at work to donate since they're practically forced to sign a card either giving money from their paycheck, or saying no to it. A lot of bosses are involved and people are worried that if they don't donate, they go on some sort of bad-list. Because of that, collections have been down lately. We're trying to collect money in more friendly fashion."

"And how are you doing so far?'

Her face fell. "I haven't had any luck so far."

I sighed. "You know, fewer people are getting actual magazines anymore. You can get just about everything online, and sales and circulation are way down."

"I'm finding that out. I've been walking the streets here without a nibble."

I felt bad for her. She was a good-looking lady, and I hate seeing good-looking ladies all frustrated. "Tell you what. You might get a nibble out of me."

She brightened. "I decided while I was freezing out there walking up your driveway that I have to start offering premiums. They'll start kicking in once you get to a certain level. How does that sound?"

"Well, let's see what you have to offer."

She spread things out. "First off, do you get any magazines delivered right now?" I shook my head. "That's good. That means there's plenty to choose from."

She opened a brochure. It was a big one, and had to be unfolded. When it was unfurled, each of us had a corner of the flyer. The way we were sitting on the couch and looking at the glossy list of magazines, I got a good whiff of her perfume, and an even better view of her cleavage. Both hit my like a ton of bricks. I shifted around a little because my interest was becoming evident and I didn't want to alarm her.

The list had just about every magazine still in print, and the subscription prices weren't even jacked up. What the hell, why not help out the pretty lady. "Tell you what," I said. "Sign me up for the standard guy magazines. Sports Illustrated,  ESPN: The Magazine, and Time."

She let out an excited, "Yes!" and got out her order pad. She started writing down my selections. "My first sales ever. Thank you very much." She finished, and smiled at me.

"I thought you said something about premiums?" I asked.

"Actually, those start kicking in when you get to the fourth magazine subscription. Three is about what I figured I could sell without the premiums. And it looks like I was right."

"Okay. If I get a fourth magazine, what's the premium?"

She touched my leg with her left hand. "As soon as you make an order and I write it down to make it official, I'll tell you what it is."

"Mystery, eh? Fine, I'll play along. Sign me up for Wired."

She did the paperwork, and then turned to me and planted a kiss on my cheek. "There you go. Your premium for four magazines. Like it?"

"That wasn't bad at all. In fact, I might be motivated to buy more magazines for premiums like that," I said, laughing. "Okay, you've got me going. Let's experiment. What do I get for Popular Science?"

She wrote down my fifth selection, and turned to me again. "For that, you get a real kiss." With that, she leaned over, and our lips met. After about five seconds, she sighed a little and her lips parted and our tongues touched. As the kiss progressed, I reached up and touched her face with my right hand. I could feel the heat radiating from her cheek, and then I quit worrying about it. 

Suddenly, she broke the kiss and leaned back, her face flushed. Her breathing was a little ragged, and she said "Does that work for a premium?"

"Oh my yes," I gasped out. "What will ordering Reader's Digest do?"

She got out the order pad again, listed my newest order, then placed the pad on the coffee table and stood up. "This is what you get," she said, and took off her shirt. She stepped closer to me, and said "Help me with the bra."

She didn't have to tell me twice. I reached around her, my hands shaking slightly, and I undid the triple clasp in the back with two quick twists. The bra fell away, revealing a pair of nicely rounded tits with perfect sized areolas and nipples. I pulled her closer and took her left breast into my mouth, sucking gently while running the tip of my tongue over the stiffened nipple and I heard her gasp. Her hands went to the back of my head and she pulled me closer. I switched breasts, and went through the same motions. Her fingers massaged the back of my head as she moaned. I was in heaven. 

I broke oral contact, brought my hands up and gently squeezed her ample tits together, and took both nipples into my mouth at the same time. She let out another, louder moan, enjoying the contact.

And then suddenly, she stepped back.

Now her entire torso was flushed red, and I would suspect both of our breathing gave away our arousal. My voice sounded ragged as I said, "Magazine number seven is Consumer Reports." She smiled and bent over and picked up her order pad. The sound of the pen scratching echoed in the house, or maybe just in my head.

"Are you ready for the seven-magazine premium?" she asked.

"Oh, hell yes."

She dropped to her knees in front of me and smiled. She reached out and began to unbuckle my belt. "So am I." Belt, zipper, lifted up my ass from the couch, and down went the pants and underwear, flung across the room by her. 

She took my stiffened cock in her right hand and looked me in the eye. "Nice and thick. Yum" She slid her lips over the head and bobbed downwards a couple of times before lifting up and withdrawing if from her mouth. She then took her tongue and slid it underneath, licking the glans, then down the underside of the shaft. The feeling was indescribable.

Her tongue continued to snake down and she licked my balls. I arched my back involuntarily as she continued to tickle the sack. Then her tongue made its way back up the shaft and glans, and she once took the head into her mouth and began to bob up and down. I looked down and saw her tits sway as she worked on my dick. Then I looked up toward the TV, and there was the reflection in the darkened screen, with me sitting on the couch, and this hot woman kneeling in front of me and servicing me. I was about to cum when she stopped abruptly and stood up. I let out an agonized sigh that was almost a cry of despair.

She looked at me and asked, "Your eighth magazine selection, please? Quickly!"

I could barely speak. "Maxim."

"Good choice. Your throat sounds dry. Let's fix that." She unbuttoned her pants, and in one motion peeled them and her panties down to her feet and stepped out of them. She motioned to me to stand, and she took off my shirt, stepped around me, and sat on the couch and spread her legs. "Your premium is to eat my pussy. Get to work."

Who was I to argue? I sank down to my knees and placed a hand on each of her thighs and pushed gently. She spread her legs to reveal her glistening slit. It was perfectly shaped, with slightly protruding lips that were engorged and pink and inviting. I dipped my head to begin, and she leaned her head back to the couches' back cushions and breathed "Oh, yes."

Oh yes indeed. Her scent was intoxicating. I took my tongue and ran it around her outer labia, causing the lips to become even wetter. Licking her was absolutely amazing. Her juices were sweet, and the way her breathing became faster and faster only turned me on more. I nibbled at her clit, running my teeth along the sensitive ridge ever so lightly, and she reached down to push my head away and closer to her now sopping wet pussy. 

When I stiffened my tongue and slid it into the hole she let out another gasp and grabbed me by the back of the head and pulled me into her crotch. I began to tongue-fuck her, and was rewarded by the sensation of her thighs moving in and out, scissors fashion. Realizing that this was what she wanted, desired, needed, I stepped up the pace.

When her breath came in ragged gasps and she started moaning, I knew that she was close. And then the payoff for my rhythmic oral thrusts -- she began chanting "Oh Oh Oh" and the fluid of her climax nearly drowned me. Her pussy pulsed around my tongue, and her back arched. She was in heaven, and my tongue was in her. I drank in her liquid essence.

As her quivering slowed then ceased, I pulled my drenched face away from her, smiled and licked my lips. "How many more premiums are available?" 

She fought to get her breathing under control, and she smiled at me. "Actually, there are two more premium levels." She shuddered one more time, gathered herself, and sat up somewhat upright on the sofa. I stood up on my feet, and in front of her face was the evidence that I still had not reached my own promised land, the evidence standing hard and proud, seven inches worth of fleshy proof that the evening was not yet complete.

She leaned forward and once again took my length orally. She took it as deeply into her mouth as she could, and then slowly pulled back, lightly grazing her teeth along the shaft, top and bottom, along the entire length. My knees almost buckled from the sensation. "Next magazine?" she said with a little smirk, clearly enjoying being back in charge once again as she held me in her left hand.

"Pl-Pl-Pl-Playboy," I stuttered.

She reached down into her purse and pulled out a small, square foil packet. "I think you know what this means, right?" I nodded. "Let's move to the bedroom." She stood up without letting go of my dick, and led me down the hallway.

When we reached the bedroom door, she looked into the room and exclaimed, "A water bed! I love water beds! Perfect!" She walked into the room, released her physical hold on me and turned to face me. 

I reached out and touched her nipples. It was her turn to shudder. "You said there were two more premiums. Which one is the last? What would I get for a tenth magazine subscription?"

She held up the foil packet in her right hand. "That's when we forget about this and just fuck skin-to-skin."

"Oh, hell yes. I hate those damned things." I paused. My mind went completely blank. I let out a little wail. "I can't think of any more magazines!"

"Fine. Cosmo will do for number ten." I nodded at her, and she turned and walked to the bed, peeled back the sheets and climbed in. "Get your ass over here and fuck me good."

Once again, who the hell was I to argue? I climbed onto the bed and positioned myself on my knees between her spread legs. I grabbed her calves, split her wider, then raised her legs and placed her ankles on my shoulders.

I stopped and looked her in the eye. "You know, Anna, I never got around to telling you my name. So, let me introduce myself into you. My name is Steve, and this is my cock, and we're going to give you the fuck of your life."

I aligned myself and slid my dick into her pussy. She let out a gasp. I withdrew slightly, then with the second thrust my entire seven inch length into her with a grunt. "You like how that feels?"

"Oh yes. Full. It feels full."

"It feels perfect. You like being fucked by me, don't you," I said as I drove into her. There was no subtlety or technique involved. Each stroke was as hard and deep as possible.

"Fuck yes," she gasped, as she met each of my thrusts with a forward motion of her hips in an effort to take me even further into her. "Oh that's deep. Fuck fuck fuck."

Then we both quit talking. It was too much effort. All concentration was on the physical sensations as I pounded into her pussy. The sound of my hips meeting her upraised legs and of my balls slapping her ass filled the room.

And then I filled her, with a cry from each of us as she met my climax with another one of her own. Each time my dick spasmed, it was like her pussy gripped me in return, trying to milk my cum. It was like nothing I had ever experienced. 

Some incalculable time later it was over and I collapsed beside her, spent in every way imaginable. We both lay there panting for a few seconds, trying to bring ourselves back to the real world. I was the first to get my wits about me to be able to speak. "You sure know how to make a sale."

She turned her head and we looked each other in the eye. "You drive a hard bargain. A hard something, anyway."

I paused. "Did you say Cosmo for the last one? Cosmo?"

"Yeah. I'm getting tired of buying it at the newsstand. Besides, where do you think I got the idea for this?"

I started laughing. "For that, I'll actually buy a subscription to the damned magazine. I can't wait to see what you come up with next."

She gave me a smirk. 'You'll like it, I promise."