 It was Halloween night a few years ago. It was dark and raining, and we kept losing electricity. I live a couple miles off the main road - usually people don't come down this way unless they know somebody, and trick-or-treating is virtually non-existent. I was hanging out, watching TV when there was a knock on the door. Looking at the clock, I saw it was nearly 10:00, and I wondered to myself who could that possibly be? I answered the door, and saw the most beautiful woman I'd ever seen. She looked to be in her early-20's. She was around 5 foot 8, blond hair, crystal blue eyes, and had a figure to die for. She was dripping wet, her long hair covering half her face, and her full breasts were clearly visible through her wet clothes. I stood there for a moment, staring at her, before I said "Hi. Can I help you?"

"I'm so sorry to bother you on a night like this," she said, "but my car died and I was wondering if I could borrow your phone to call for help?" She looked so pathetic, standing there on my stoop, soaked to the skin. It took me about half a second to invite her inside.

"The phone's over there", I said. "But it won't help you. The local garage is closed until morning, and you won't get a taxi to come out this far on a night like this. You can stay here in the extra bedroom if you want." I stuck out my hand. "My name's Jake, by the way." She took my hand in hers. Her skin was so soft, as she shook it lightly. "Hi Jake," she said. "I'm Lana." I smiled at her as she talked. "I'm originally from out of state, but I'm here going to college. I appreciate your offer, Jake, but I just pledged Rho Iota Phi sorority, so maybe one of my sisters can come out here and pick me up."

My heart sank. Even though I knew nothing would happen if she stayed the night, just being able to get to know this beautiful girl would be enough for me. At 27 and still single, I was hoping for some company on a dreary, lonely night. Lana headed for the phone to call one of her sisters as I waited in the living room to give her some privacy. I heard her slam the phone down and called out to her "Everything alright, Lana?" As she stormed into the living room she said, "Phone's are all messed up. I keep getting a fast busy signal." She calmed down a little as she said, "Is your offer to crash in the spare bedroom still open?" I tried hard not to smile too much. "Of course! Come on, I'll show you where it is." I showed her my small guest room, pointed out the bathroom to her, and said, "I know you don't have anything to change into, but I have some old t-shirts you can wear to sleep in, if you want. Also, there's a robe on the back of the door, you can change into that for now, and I'll toss your clothes into the drier for you." Lana smiled at me. "Are you just trying to get me naked," she asked. I laughed. "No no no....I just thought you might be more comfortable if you got out of your wet clothes!" Now it was her turn to laugh. "That's OK," she said. "I really would like to put on something dry. Is it OK if I use the shower too? I feel so grimy, it's like I haven't showered in years!" I brought her a couple of towels and went back downstairs. 

I mindlessly flipped through the channels on the TV, waiting for her to come back. After what seemed like an eternity, Lana finally joined me. She was wearing my robe, the sash tied loosely around her, and a towel wrapped around her hair. She looked even better than I imagined, and all I could think of was undoing the sash and making love to every inch of her body. She pointed at the fireplace and asked, "Does that work? I'm still kind of chilled, and a fire would feel nice right about now." As I bent over to start the fire, I swear I felt her staring at me. As the fire roared to life, I asked Lana if I could get her anything to drink. She suggested some wine, so I hurried off to the kitchen to grab us a couple of glasses. I headed back to the living room carrying our drinks, admiring the way the fire reflected off of Lana's smooth skin. We sat in front of the fireplace, drinking and talking as the fire warmed our flesh and the wine warmed us inside. As we relaxed, we moved into a more reclining position, until we were lying on our sides, facing each other, with Lana's back to the fire. As the light from the fire filled the room, it captured Lana's face in such a way that she looked almost angelic. As we talked and laughed, things were moving towards something that I'm not sure either of us was ready for. I leaned closer to Lana, and as we closed our eyes, our lips met in the softest kiss I'd ever shared. As I reached out to pull her closer to me, Lana rolled over onto her stomach and smiled at me. "Would you rub my back," she asked. "I'm very tense, with the storm, and my car and all..."

Without saying a word, I straddled her back and started rubbing her shoulders. As I moved my hands down her back, Lana said, "This is no good. You're burning my skin, rubbing the cloth into me like that." She raised herself up, untied the robe, and pulled it off her shoulders, leaving her completely naked from the waist up. Before she lay back down on the plush carpeting, she looked back at me and smiled, giving me a quick glance of her left nipple. It was pink and beautiful, and just the slightest bit erect. (I, on the other hand, was getting very erect). I rubbed her bare shoulders and down her back as she moaned softly, relaxing underneath me. As I reached the edge of the robe, right above her ass, she lifted up her hips, and allowed me to pull the robe the rest of the way off. I kneeled between her legs, staring at her gorgeous ass, while she lay there spread out for me, resting her head on her hands. I started rubbing again, this time beginning at her feet. She almost purred as she said, "Mmmm Jake...don't stop, that feels so nice..." I slowly kneaded her calves, slowly working my way up her legs. Gently, I pushed her legs apart, giving me more room, and leaving me a clear view of her beautiful pussy. I took a chance as I rubbed her thighs, and leaned down to kiss her lower back. This really started to get Lana going as she started to squirm underneath me. Slowly I kissed lower and lower as my hands moved higher and higher. I planted small kisses up and down her cheeks as my hands worked towards her pussy. 

With no more leg left to rub, I glided my hand slowly across her pink lips. A deep moan escaped her lips as she lifted her hips, pointing her ass towards me. I needed no more encouragement as I started fingering her from behind. From this angle I could see that Lana's pussy was completely shaved. I brought my finger to my lips, tasting her sweetness, and whispered to her, "Mmmm Lana....you taste so good. Roll over for me...." She slowly turned over, giving me my first look at her bare breasts. She smiled at me and said, "Do you like what you see?" I looked at her, almost not believing what was happening and said, "Lana, you are the most beautiful woman I've ever seen." As she blushed a deep crimson, I lay between her firm thighs and pressed my tongue into her slit. As Lana moaned again, she put her hands on my shoulders, pulling me closer. She tasted so wonderful as I licked and sucked on her pussy. I reached up to tweak her nipples as I ate her, causing her to moan even louder. She took her hands off my shoulders and moved them to her pussy, spreading her lips apart. As I fucked her with my tongue, I heard her breathing start to change, and her moans were getting louder. I slid my mouth up to her clit and sucked it into me. Holding her clit between my lips I sucked it in and out of my mouth. That was all it took as Lana screamed out in an incredible orgasm. I kept her clit in my mouth as she came for me, her nails digging into my back as she thrust her hips towards me. As she gained control of herself I released her clit from my mouth and kissed my way back up her body. As I reached her lips, we kissed with a passion I had never felt before. It was like our souls were merging as we kissed, our tongues wrestling in each other's mouths. I felt Lana reach down to my cock as we kissed, as guide me towards her. As the head of my cock entered her, she took her hand away and wrapped her arms around my neck. We never broke our kisses as I eased my cock into her warm, tight pussy. With each thrust, more of my cock entered her, until my full seven and a half inches were buried deep inside her. I slowly thrust in and out of her, as we devoured each other with our kisses. 

With each thrust, I pounded my cock into Lana harder and faster. She broke our kiss as she pulled me down to her, holding me flat against her as we made love. She met my every thrust, as I drove my cock in and out. Lana wrapped her legs around my ass, pulling me still deeper inside of her. As I slammed my cock inside her pussy, I felt my orgasm staring to build. I was calling her name over and over...."Oh LANA....I'm so close...." She cried out, "Oh JAKE...OHHH GODDDDDDDDDD....OH GODDDDDDD....." as she exploded in another orgasm. Her muscles clenched my cock over and over as she came, squeezing my manhood as her orgasm ripped through her. I couldn't last any longer, and I drove my cock as hard and deep into her as I could. I buried my face in her shoulder, biting her flesh as my whole body stiffened and I started to shoot my cum deep inside of her. Load after load of my cum filled her pussy, and I finally collapsed on top of her, both of us spent, barely able to move.

We laid there for a few minutes, my deflating cock still inside of her as we kissed each other softly. As I rolled off her, she rested her head on my bare chest as we drifted off to sleep. Somewhere in my subconscious I heard the clock chime midnight as I faded away...I woke up around 9:00 the next morning, alone. I noticed everything was cleaned up; the wine glasses were even put away where they belonged, as I walked around the house. I called for Lana, but nobody answered. I checked the basement, thinking she went downstairs to get her clothes, but she was nowhere to be found. The drier was empty, and I checked the bathroom and found my robe hanging on the back of the door where it belonged. I thought maybe it was all a dream, that none of it really happened as I continued calling for my beautiful lover. No matter how much I searched, I couldn't find her, and I couldn't even find any evidence of her ever being there. I figured I could go out and look for her so I took a quick shower, and got dressed. As I finished my breakfast, I went to throw out the trash and there it was - an empty wine bottle. Now I was really confused, as I got in my car and headed for her college.

I had some friends who went here, so I knew the layout of the campus pretty well. I headed out for sorority row, and searched for Rho Iota Phi, but couldn't find it. I saw a couple of students walking around and asked them if they knew where the Rho Iota Phi house was and they looked at me strangely. One of them said, "There's no Rho Iota Phi sorority on this campus, mister. Sure you have the name right?" I said, "Yes. Rho Iota Phi. Thanks anyway." I headed towards the admissions building. Someone there had to have heard of her sorority.

I stopped at the receptionist's desk and asked her if she could help me find a student. She asked her name, and I said "Lana." The receptionist looked at me and said, "Lana what?" I stopped to think. I never got her last name. I said, I'm not sure how to spell her name, but I know she's in Rho Iota Phi sorority. She looked at me, as confused as the students were and said, "Sir, there's no Rho Iota Phi on this campus." I heard a voice from the back call out, "Rho Iota Phi? There used to be a Rho Iota Phi here, back in the 60's, but the sorority house burned down and they never rebuilt it." An older woman appeared from behind a cubicle as she continued, "Most of the girls were seniors anyway, and with no funds to rebuild the house, the chapter died out. Incredibly, despite the raging fire, only two people died. A girl and her boyfriend were trapped inside and couldn't escape before the building collapsed. There was a huge investigation, but no criminal charges were ever filed in the case, and it was just ruled an awful accident. Would you like to see the newspaper from the day after? I can take you down to the archives."

I followed her downstairs to a musty file room, as she introduced herself as Miss Green. She opened up a book from 1967. Flipping through it, Miss Green found the newspaper she was looking for. It was dated exactly 30 years earlier, November 1, 1967. I was stunned as I looked at the front page. It had a picture of two students, one male, one female with the headline "TWO STUDENTS PERISH IN HALLOWEEN FIRE". The male student was identified as James Moss, 19, but the picture I couldn't take my eyes off of was the female. It was Lana. The caption identified her as Lana Phillips, 20. I started to read the article... "A Halloween party got out of hand last night, as a fire broke out at the Rho Iota Phi sorority house. Everyone managed to escape the blaze except for two students who were upstairs at the time and got trapped..." 

I couldn't take my eyes off Lana's picture in the campus paper. How could it have been her? She died 30 years ago! But it was. Her beauty was etched into my mind forever. There was no mistaking her face. "Did you find what you were looking for," she asked. "I don't know," I said. "I just don't know."

"Would you like me to make a copy of the article for you?" I mumbled something that must have sounded like yes, because Miss Green disappeared for a minute, returning with a photocopy of the newspaper for me. I thanked her for her help and slowly walked back to my car. Was it all a dream? But what about the wine? And the name of the sorority? And that picture? There was no denying that was Lana....but how could it be? She was dead...dead 30 years to the night....could it be possible....? I walked passed my car, wandering aimlessly around campus, thinking about Lana, staring at her picture from the newspaper. Thinking about how beautiful she was. How soft her skin was. How angelic she looked when the fire hit her face...