 He arrived in New Orleans for a week of conferences and meetings. The hot and humid climate was just as he remembered. Luckily, the hotel was comfortable and plush. The first night he just crashed but after another day of boring speakers and useless information, he needed something more. Upon asking the concierge where he could relax with a drink, he was pointed in the direction of the elevators that lead to the rooftop bar and pool. He had no intention of going for a swim, rather, he wanted only to have a couple of drinks and head back to the room. Still he hoped for some decent "scenery" while he enjoyed his cocktails. The bar was nice and the bartender was friendly. He enjoyed the view of the skyline but it was something else that really caught his eye. The roof was also home to an outdoor Jacuzzi and he noticed a woman relaxing in it. He could only see the side of her face but she seemed fairly attractive to him. Her head was leaned back and her eyes were closed. Others relaxed in the pool and some even diligently swam laps, but not one person joined her in the Jacuzzi. He got up with his drink in hand and decided to get a better look. As he approached, he began to think she had fallen asleep amidst the warm water and soothing jets. She never moved. He took a moment to study her face and the distorted image of her figure under the water. He noticed the curve of her breasts just below the water and watched her chest raise and lower slightly with each breath. It was then that he realized her eyes were open and she was looking right at him.

This looked bad, he thought, she thinks I'm just some pervert checking out her rack. But when his blue eyes met her dark eyes, she was smiling. "I thought you might have fallen asleep." he told her. 

Her smile grew wider, "No, I was just relaxing." she purred. Her voice was smooth and sexy and he could tell she too liked what she saw. "Are you waiting for the Jacuzzi?" she asked. 

"No," he replied. "I'm just here for a drink, I didn't even bring my suit."

"Oh, that's too bad," she said, "I would have shared if you wanted to." 

He gave her a wry grin. "Perhaps, I'll indulge tomorrow." he told her without making it sound like an invitation. He turned to walk away. He intended to play it cool.

"Are you here for the week?" she asked him. 

"Yes, all week." he said with a little more confidence now. 

"Ah, I see." she softly added before getting up from the water. He got a chance to see her better now and watched the water slide off her skin. She was in great shape and was proud of her body. She was strong but feminine. She was built like an athlete but with softer edges. He imagined that she liked to have sex. She didn't seem particularly shy. She grabbed a towel and slowly and gingerly dried her body.

"Would you care for a drink?" he asked her. 

"Perhaps I'll indulge tomorrow." was her reply and he chuckled at her attempt to tease. "I've got a long day tomorrow and I need my beauty sleep." She turned from him and wrapped the towel around her body and glided away. He looked down at his drink and smiled. This could get interesting.

He thought about the mystery lady a few times the next day. He wondered if he would see her again on the rooftop. He tried his best to pay attention to the deluge of information but his mind kept wandering. He kept seeing that look in her eyes and he felt certain he knew what she was thinking when she told him she would 'indulge' tomorrow. After what seemed like an eternity, the meetings and conferences came to a close. He ate a light dinner and returned to his room for a shower and some quiet. He was anxious to make his way to the roof but didn't want to seem too eager. The rooftop bar closed at 11 tonight so he timed it to be there around 10 or so. This time he wore his swim suit and a t-shirt. He decided to stop at the bar where the bartended just nodded and fixed him the same drink he had the night before. He casually looked around but he didn't see her. He hoped he hadn't missed her by waiting too long. He finished his Glen Fiddich on the rocks and ordered a second one. He was starting to feel the effects of the second drink when he decided to head to the Jacuzzi. "Oh, well," he thought, "maybe she was just a tease and would never come."

The water of the Jacuzzi was perfect and the view was amazing. A full moon shone brightly in the clear night sky. A faint breeze blew occasionally and he understood how easy it was for his mystery lady to relax here the night before. He laid his head back and closed his eyes. There were a few people on the rooftop tonight and their talking served as a soft mumble in his ears. All of a sudden he felt someone standing over him and he opened his eyes. There she was. She looked relaxed and a little prettier tonight. He suspected that was because of him and he smiled. 

"Need a refill?" she asked. 

"You don't have to do that, I can take care of myself." he told her but she insisted. He watched her make her way to the bar and he enjoyed the soft sway of her hips and admired the roundness of her ass. He imagined his face buried deep in it. She got him a drink but she also whispered to the bartender before handing him something. The bartender then reached into his pocket and handed her a card. 

"What on earth is she up to?" he wondered. She returned with his drink as well as one for herself. 

"Is there room for two?" she asked and he graciously informed her that there was "just" enough room for her. He watched her take off her wrap and slip into the water across from him. She wore a two piece bathing suit with ties at the hips. 

"Convenient" he thought and tried not to stare. Her skin was fair and he saw freckles on her shoulders and chest. The black triangles of her top barely contained her full breasts and he could see that her nipples were hard. "Was it the breeze or was it him?" he wondered.

They sat quietly for a while -- sipping their drinks. Neither felt like small talk. She seemed to reach the bottom of her glass quickly and he offered to get her another. She carefully watched him as he made his way to the bar. She like what she saw. He had an air of confidence which bordered on arrogance and she liked that in a man. She felt a stirring between her legs.

The bartender gave him another round on the house and gave him a wink as he gathered up the cocktails. 

"What does he know that I don't?" he thought but figured it must be good. As he approached the Jacuzzi, he challenged her to break his gaze and although she held it for a while, she was the first to look away coyly. He was driving her crazy and she loved it. There was electricity in the air between them. She wanted to touch him so badly she could barely stand it. She didn't know anything about him and didn't want to. Something about him charmed her and yet she felt as ease. She wanted to make him feel amazing. She knew he could make her feel amazing too.

He settled back in to the water of the Jacuzzi and saw that her face was flushed. "You alright?" he asked. 

"Yes, fine." she told him but her voice trembled a little. She leaned her head back and closed her eyes so he did the same. But within moments he felt her hand on his leg. He opened his eyes and she was there next to him. Her hand traced the muscle of his thigh. He looked at her and she pulled her hand away and waited. 

"That feels nice." he told her. His tone comforted her and she moved her hand back to his leg. She could feel her own wetness and wanted his hands on her. He didn't disappoint. He put his hand on her back like he'd known her for years. He rubbed her skin softly and it encouraged her. She stroked his thigh a little higher now and squeezed his flesh lightly. His strong arm pulled her a little closer and he could feel the heat coming off her skin now. She maneuvered to face him and put a hand on each leg. He could see her chest heaving slightly with anticipation. She moved her hands up the sides of his torso, across his nipples and over his shoulders. His legs were spread now and she positioned herself on her knees between them. His cock was hardening by the second and his hands found her body. He ran his hands over the curves of her hips and waist. He pulled her close to his face and gave her a naughty smile before kissing her already wet lips. He could taste the vodka and her sweetness as his tongue explored. Her hands moved down his stomach to his thighs again. This time one of her hands slipped up the leg of his suit. He let out a little moan in her mouth and then grabbed her around the waist and flipped her around to where he was sitting. He pushed her firmly against the back of the Jacuzzi and quickly scanned the rooftop. They were completely alone.

"Where'd everybody go?" he asked and this time she grinned devilishly. 

"I paid the bartender to close up early."

"Nice move." he smiled and then kissed her deeply. He pressed his body up against hers and she wrapped her long legs around him. The water splashed between them as she lightly clawed at his back. His hands found the strings of her bikini bottom and with a swift movement, they were untied and thrown on the deck of the tub. Her eyes flew open with surprise then she grabbed his face and kissed him more passionately this time. His hands found her soft full breasts and he cupped them and then squeezed them in his hands. She arched her back and he pulled her top aside to allow him to kiss and suck on one of her wet and very hard nipples. He rolled it between his teeth and heard her whimper a bit. He massaged and rubbed her flesh and tweaked her nipples until she was squirming underneath him. Her hands fumbled with his swim trunks and he grabbed her wrist and pushed it away. 

"I'm gonna watch you cum first." he told her. He kissed her mouth and moved one of his hands between her legs. He cupped her pussy in his strong hand and firmly squeezed it. His fingers expertly found her clit and began stroking it in soft circles. Her breathing was faster and she threw her head back and enjoyed the sensation. His middle finger found her slit. She was so wet that his finger slid easily in and out and deeper and deeper. His thumb massaged her pleasure button and within moments she cried out. He pulled her hips up and just out of the water to suck on her clit while she came hard in his mouth. Her body spasmed and shook and he kept his lips firmly on her now pulsing clit as she rode out her pleasure.

"Jesus, you are wet." he told her when she finally settled down. Her juices were running down his chin. She pulled his mouth to hers but licked him clean so she could taste herself on his chin and lips. This time he helped her untie his swim trunks and she pulled them down and wrangled them off of him. The water felt fantastic on his bare skin and the water from the jets made his erection bob and bounce. He hopped out of the water and sat on the edge of the Jacuzzi with his legs spread apart for her. Within a half second she was there between his legs looking up at him. He touched the side of her face softly and she took his thumb into her mouth and sucked it. He withdrew his thumb and then reached behind her neck. She brought her head forward. Her mouth then explored every inch of his dick. She ran her tongue up and down the shaft. She caressed and sucked on his balls and took the length of him in her mouth and down her throat. God she was enjoying this. She loved the way he tasted and the way he reacted to her touch. 

His cock was unnaturally hard and she was torn between wanting in her mouth and wanting it splitting her open. He could feel her hunger and felt like she was going to devour him. He pulled her up out of the water and leaned back slightly as she straddled him. She inched down onto the length of him and rode him slowly while he watched. He supported himself on his arms and her hands reached around his neck and she arched back slightly as she grinded into him. 

Her pussy was hot and wet and stroked him in all the right places. In an instant, however, she sprang off his cock and was back between his legs sucking her own juices off of his glistening shaft. 

"Ah, yes!!" he said as she licked him clean. Once he was clean she climbed back on for another ride, this time a little rougher and faster. He was getting close to cumming when she climbed off again and started sucking him voraciously. 

"You're gonna make me cum." he told her as he pulled her mouth off his engorged shaft. 

"I want you to cum on my tits." she told him with a sort of fuck lust look in her eyes. 

"Oh, I will." he reassured her as he pushed her back into the Jacuzzi. Her legs were spread as he impaled her on his cock and pinned her against the side. The water slowed his movements but he grabbed the side and buried his dick inside her. 

He was relentless and she was begging him, "Ooooh, yes, fuck me...god, that feels so good. Give it to me!" He was animalistic as his muscles flexed and his hips slammed into her. 

"Do you want me to cum on your tits?" he asked as he felt his pleasure peaking. 

"Yes, yes, yesssss!" she replied and she stretched her body up and over the side of the tub. He stood on the bench seat and straddled her. She pushed her tits together and arched her head back. He grabbed the base of his cock and squeezed. He saw his target in the moon light. Her flushed breasts were heaving and wet. He pumped his shaft and felt his ejaculation erupt. Over and over he shot cum on her gorgeous breasts and in tendrils along her neck. He wanted to cry out because it felt so good but held back. When he had finished, she sat up and licked him clean. He had a string of ejaculate running down his shaft so she gathered it in her mouth and kissed him. She pushed his warm semen into his mouth and they passed it back and forth until finally she swallowed all of it. She pushed her body against his and she could feel his member stabbing at her still. Without a word, she slid back down and took him into her mouth. The release was amazing but he knew that between the soft sucking of her mouth and the balmy night air, this was just the first of the many ways he was going to fuck her.