 Monday was a holiday and I had been doing more than a little celebrating of my good luck over the weekend so, as usual, I was late for work on Tuesday. 

Right away my boss started in, "Blah, Blah, Blah... You need to be more responsible for your actions... Blah, Blah, Blah... This is a business and we have scheduled commitments... Blah, Blah, Blah... There are lots of people who would love to have your job... Blah, Blah, Blah..." 

There was a lot of other shit too. It ended up by me telling him to go fuck himself before I stormed out of his office; slamming the door so hard I shattered the glass. I thought I controlled myself pretty well because, although I was tempted, I didn't knock him on his ass.

After lunch and three martinis, I cooled down a little and went back to the office. I found the contents of my desk in a big cardboard box entrusted to the security guard in the lobby along with an envelop containing a check for unused vacation and sick time, two weeks pay in lieu of notice and 3 months severance pay. It was all very neat and in accordance with company policy when they fire your ass. There was also a note telling me that I was not welcome in the building and that I should contact the human resources department by telephone about what to do with my 401k account.

Well, screw them. I had my own resources and, as an electrical engineer with an advanced degreed, I could get a job almost anywhere if I needed it. It was well after midnight when I left my favorite watering hole and staggered home to bed. 

It was almost noon the next day when I awoke with a pounding headache and a raging hard on. On my way to the bathroom, I noticed that my alarm clock/radio was on the floor by the far wall, hopelessly smashed to pieces. There was a substantial gouge in the plaster just above it. I wondered how that happened? I was think it was OK when I went to bed last night.

I was just stepping out of the shower and beginning to care whether I lived or died when the phone rang.

"Huh?"

"Mr. Rodgers?"

"Oh God, I think so, yeah I am pretty sure it is."

"This is Shelly, Shelly Manilli from human resources. Do you remember me?"

Boy did I remember her, Rachel Manilli or Shelly Manilli, as she was known in the office. Every single man (and many of the married ones) lusted after her and her unspoken promise of ecstasy. She was tall, with hair so black that it had blue flashes in the right light, almost like a raven. Her Italian heritage had given her big breasts fading down to a small waist, swelling out to sensual hips and beautiful, shapely legs that went all the way from her ass to the floor. Probably her most outstanding feature was the whiteness of her skin and the contrast between it and her dark eyes and naturally red lips. 

"Hi Shelly, sure I remember you. Didn't I ask you for a date a couple of weeks ago?"

"Yes, I'm sorry I had to turn you down but you know the company policy about dating co-workers."

"Yeah, sure. What can I do for you?"

"I was calling about your 401k. What do you want to do with it?"

My erection had begun to subside but her sultry voice was not being kind to it, especially standing there in the nude, dripping water on the carpet.

"I'll have to talk to my broker and get back to you."

She sounded a little disappointed when she whispered, "Oh, OK thanks."

"Er... Shelly? Since Scott and Associates no longer employ me, what about dinner some time?'

There was a twinkle with a world of promise in her voice when she answered. "Why, I think I would like that, Mr. Rodgers."

"Call me Jim. I have to go out of town later today on some personal business and I wont be back until late tomorrow, how about Friday?"

"Sure."

She gave me her address and I arranged to pick her up at 7PM Friday.

Two minutes later the phone rang again. 

"Yeah?"

"Mr. Rogers, er, Jim, it's Shelly again. Do you like Italian?"

"Sure."

"Then, I have a better idea. Why don't you pick up some wine and I will make us a nice spaghetti dinner. I have a couple of new movies on DVD. About 6:30?"

"I'll be there with bells on." Bells should be easy, I already had a hard on.

I was very busy the rest of the week with lots of very important things, but every now and again the vision of Shelly, her beautiful face, dynamite figure, long hair and big boobs combined with the thickening of my dick interrupted my chain of thought. After my business on Friday afternoon, I couldn't wait for Friday night.

On the agreed date and at the appointed time, I presented myself at her apartment, freshly bathed and shaven, wearing new shoes, a very expensive sport shirt, and the latest slacks. Under my alarm was a two-liter bottle of the best Chianti our local liquor store had to offer. As an afterthought, I had added a nice bottle of 25-year-old port.

When she answered the door I was surprised to see, not the sophisticated, dark eyed, sultry beauty from the office but a beautiful, young, virginal girl that I hardly recognized. Her long black hair was done up in a careless sweep, she was barefoot and wearing a short cotton dress with an apron. There was a blemish of flour on her forehead and her hands. She was beautiful but looked as if something was wrong.

"Come in, come in. Things got out of hand and I am running way behind. I thought I would have a chance to change before you got here but my sauce burned and I don't know what I am going to do now." She was almost crying.

There was a sound from the kitchen and she bolted to answer it. I followed her and by the time I got there she was standing in front of the open oven door and smoke was bellowing out of it. She was waving her arms, trying to dispel the smoke and bawling. I set the wine on the counter and took her into my arms. 

I held this soft creature, inhaling her perfume while the sobs wracked her body. Bit by bit, the weeping diminished while I held her tight, still savoring the feeling of her suppleness against my chest. I did my best to keep my swollen dick from jabbing her in the belly. 

There were still tears in her eyes when she pulled back, looked up at me and said, "Would you mind if we just ordered some Pizza and forgot about my mess?"

I said OK and reluctantly released her while she got the pizza parlor on the phone. She ordered, I poured us both a glass of wine and she went to change.

When she came out of the bedroom it was obviously she had just bathed. She smelling fresh and womanly, but most of her physical charms were hidden by the vast muumuu like garment that enveloped her. 

"I'm sorry about dinner, maybe I can make it up to you some way."

"Not to worry, just being here with you is a nice reward."

She came to me and gave me a peck on the cheek when she said, "Why thank you, that's the nicest thing anyone has said to me in a long time."

I put my arms around her and knew she wasn't wearing a bra because there were no straps of any kind under the muumuu. I was just going to kiss her when the doorbell rang. She pushed herself away from me and said, gasping for breath, "Damn the timing but I think that's our pizza."

I answered the door and gave the pimply-faced kid 30 bucks for a 21-dollar pizza while Shelly poured us a second glass of wine. 

The pizza was excellent and I noticed the normal dose of garlic was absent. The conversation was light while we ate until the subject of my termination came up.

Between bites, Shelly's eyes were sparkling when she said, "The office was buzzing with what you did to Mr. Reynolds. Did you really tell him to go to hell and threaten to punch him in the nose?"

"Whoever reported that toned it down quite a bit. I told him to – ah – go have sex with himself. I didn't threaten to hit him, I couldn't get to him, he was cowering on the floor behind his desk." 

"I would have given anything to see that. That old goat thinks he is really something. He is always hitting on the girls in the office." 

"Well, I can't blame him for that. You are very attractive and worth hitting on."

She blushed a little. "Why, thank you." She stood up, preparing to clear away the remnants of the pizza.

She offered no resistance when I stood up and took her in my arms for the second time. "Now, where were we when the pizza guy so rudely interrupted?"

She melted to me, her lithe body pushing hard against mine. Now, there was no way she could miss the rigid manifestation of my manhood prodding her stomach. When I kissed her, I was pleasantly surprised to find her soft lips parted, ready to accept my tongue. I savored the sweetness of her mouth, the smoothness of her teeth and the softness of her lips. When she offered me her tongue, I took it gently, sucking it into my hungry mouth. Her luscious breasts were crushed against my chest, the same as my stiff cock was pushed against her stomach.

We ground against each other for what seemed like an eternity but what was, in reality, only minutes. When we finally broke, she leaned back in my arms and smiled. "I am honored you think so much of me." Her hand snaked down and caressed my hard penis through my trousers.

She broke away from me and took my hand. "Come on, let's go into the bedroom. I can clean up the dishes tomorrow. I think we need each other now. I know I want you."

In the bedroom, she put her forearms against my chest in a protective attitude as I encircled her with my arms. When my lips touched hers, my raging fire of lust was temporarily banked and I fell into heaven. Like pieces of moist, sweet fruit her lips welcomed me into a world where nothing existed except the richness of her mouth, the softness of her body and of promises of things yet to come. 

She ended the kiss by leaning back in my arms and whispering, "I'm so glad you came to see me tonight, I desperately need you." She pulled me over to the bed. "Come over here." 

I went and she pushed me down on it and started to take off my shirt. When I took over undoing the buttons, she whipped her muumuu off, over her head. She was completely nude underneath. I was almost finished with the shirt so she started on my belt and pants. I kicked off my shoes and she pulled my trousers off, leaving me with only my boxer shorts on.

She stepped away from the bed and with a twinkle in her eye said, "You do know what we're going to do don't you?"

"God, I hope so."

On her hands and knees, she climbed into bed and covered the top half of my body with hers. Again the mind-altering kiss left me adrift on an ocean of sensual promise. Slowly I turned us over so that she was on the bottom, with our lips still locked and my tongue teasing her mouth. When we broke, she tilted her head back and a contented sigh escaped her.

With my lips I made little footprints across her shoulder to her neck. Slowly, I crept up her neck until I found a shell-like ear. There, I took the lobe into my mouth and suckled, like a babe feeding on its mother's teat. I felt the beautiful nipples of her breasts harden under my fondling hand and another soft moan escaped her lips. I continued to nurse, my right hand cupping and fondling her breast.

She canted her head back for me to kiss her on her cheek then twisted in my arms so I could put my lips against hers again. Now it was my turn to moan when I welcomed her tongue into my mouth. The sweetness of her mouth was indescribable, as was the smoothness of her teeth and the softness of her lips. The erotic feeling of her mouth was only rivaled by the suppleness of her body, undulating under my hands. 

It was certain that she knew the extent of my arousal. With me pressed hard against her side, there is no denying the manifestation of my excitement. Something came over me and I began to think that my gratification was unimportant, and the only significant thing here was her peace of mind, her happiness, her serenity, her tranquility and, I could only hope, her ecstasy.

She whispered, "Please, I am ready, do me now."

So I did. She opened her legs and I slid between them to find she was very wet and my hard cock was almost in position. With my hand I guided it to the entrance of her slit and slowly eased my way inside of her. The natural lubricant allowed easy access to the warm sleeve of her body. 

She wrapped her legs around my ass and sighed, "Oh that's so good. It's been such a long time."

Normally I am a two or three-minute man but something was different. I was going a lot slower and much more careful than I usually do. On and on I went, in and out, in and out until she was whimpering with her second or third climax. I followed not long after and was left completely spent from the culmination of my expectations and the physical exertion.

We slept for a while and then enjoyed each other again late in the night. The second time was even better than the first, without the uncertainty of acceptance of each other. I woke her by kissing her breasts, nipples and then, her entire body, even the soft damp spot between her legs. I had barely touched her with my mouth before she was writhing like a snake. Just a few licks with my tongue between the lips of her pussy and she had such a violent orgasm that it left her almost catatonic. Mine was even better because I knew I had satisfied her.

The sunlight, although diffused by the curtains, was still strong enough to wake me. She was curled up against my left side, her arm thrown casually across my chest, breathing the contented, even breath of deep sleep. Like me, she was still completely nude. I moved her arm and slid out of bed, careful not to wake her and made for the bathroom. I had a shower and after what we had shared, I assumed she wouldn't mind if I used her toothbrush and mouthwash. 

Back in the bedroom, I looked down at her curled into a fetal position and sleeping peacefully. She was certainly a beautiful woman. I pulled her hair away and kissed her on the neck. She mumbled something in her sleep and rolled onto her back. Although the sheet partially covered her, I had to, once again, admire the graceful curvature of her full breasts.

Slowly, her eyes opened and her voice was syrupy when she said, "Mmm, what are you going to do to me now?"

I chuckled, "I don't think there is anything left."

"Well, come here, there is one thing left that I haven't done to you."

I went to her and was a little taken aback when she began to fondle my soft penis. She pulled me down onto the bed, crouched over me and took it into her mouth. My reservations melted away as her mouth did to me the same things that I had done to her pussy last night. Soon, my cock was hard as iron and I was pounding it upward, slamming it into her face, fucking that soft mouth. Those beautiful ruby red lips were encircling it and only her hand was keeping me from ramming it all the way down her throat.

My trepidation about exposing this sweet thing to my animal lust was forgotten as I hammered my engorged dick into her hungry mouth. I really didn't mean to but I couldn't stop myself and, with my climax, I released a massive load of cum deep down her throat. She coughed a little and, without swallowing, ran for the bathroom with her hand over her mouth. 

I could here the shower running and in a little while, she came back to me, smelling of toothpaste and perfume. 

We were curled up on the bed together, with her in my arms when she said, "By the way, is it true that you hit the lottery for 37 million dollars last week?"

30

Copyright © 09-16-2007 by E. J. Sheeran. All rights reserved. This work, in part, or whole, is not to be distributed, reproduced, transmitted or posted, in any manner, without the express written permission of the author.

For comments on this story contact me through the link below.