 The next morning Tina was up before me. When I went down to the kitchen for breakfast, she was already in the midst of cooking for lunch. She was still clad in her nightie, and it was quite obvious that she was not wearing anything under the flimsy piece of material. She was in unusually high spirits.

"Hi, lover boy," she greeted me, giving me a quick kiss on the lips, "you were quite naughty last night, huh? You really soaked me up."

"But you were already very wet before I got to you," I commented in a somewhat sarcastic tone..

"I think you know why. Did you enjoy the show, Tom?"

I was surprised. Tina seemed to know that I had watched her playing with herself. But I still pretended that I didn't know what she was talking about.

"What show?" I asked, "I didn't watch any TV last night."

"Aw, come on, Tom, I mean the live show," she teased me, "Don't pretend. I know you were watching. I even noticed that you were playing with your little willie as you watched."

"So you knew that I was awake? I didn't know that you indulged in things like masturbation and fantasy."

"Well, when the real-life stuff starts getting stale ..." she began.

"Who were you fantasizing about?" I interrupted, sounding almost annoyed.

"Well, it was someone. Does it matter? It could be anyone. It was only a fantasy."

I was surprised by the openness and boldness with which Tina was dealing with the issue. I got the impression that she was glad that I had found out her secret. She seemed to be desperately trying to get a message across.

I looked at Tina as she went about her chores. She was a charming woman and she looked delicious in her scanty outfit. But I wondered if it would be healthy for the kids to see her in this state.

"Don't you think you should cover yourself up a bit more?" I asked, "It wouldn't be nice for the kids to come down and see you like this."

"Have you forgotten, lover boy?" she asked, "They are having their school picnic today, remember? They left very early this morning. You were deep in slumber land."

Tina cleared the work-table, and came and sat down at the breakfast table next to me. She took a prune from my bowl and put it in her mouth. Then she placed her hand on mine and looked me straight in the eyes.

"Isn't something obvious to you?" she asked, "You were so aroused by the possibility that I was fantasizing about some other guy. Your raging hard-on was witness to that. And I was also really very excited by the erotic thoughts playing in my mind and the fact that you were watching my act. My drenched pussy was witness to that. We have never been so sexually excited over the recent past. Doesn't that speak something?"

"Are you trying to suggest something?" I asked, as I gulped down my tea, "Are you trying to tell me that you want to make love to another man? Are you trying to test my feelings about such a possibility?"

"I didn't say that. But I think it's about time we did something to spice up our love life."

"Are you suggesting adultery?" I asked.

"You are the one who's making all the suggestions," she responded quite coolly, "I'm only wondering whether you would have any objections if your wife occasionally engages in some self-gratifying activities?"

"I don't know for sure," I said, shrugging my shoulders, "I haven't had much time to think about it. But I can tell you that I got really turned on as I watched you playing with yourself last night." 

I put my arm around her shoulder, drew her towards me, and kissed her on her lips. This little discussion with my wife seemed to be having some kind of sensual effect on me.

"Let's go upstairs," I whispered into her ear as I took her hand in mine.

"No need to whisper," she said, "There's no one else in the house."

I led her out of the kitchen and up the stairs. As soon as we got to the bedroom, I took off my tee-shirt. 

"Take your nightie off and get into bed," I ordered, "And get cracking with your game. Do what you were doing last night, but this time I want you to speak out whatever is on your mind. Don't hold back anything. And I want you to fully enjoy whatever fantasy is playing in your mind."

Tina was a little taken aback. "You are not angry, are you?" she asked, looking a little apprehensive.

"No, not at all," I reassured her, "Why should I be angry? Let's just enjoy something different."

As Tina got out of her nightie and stretched herself out on her back, I wondered if she would be bold enough to repeat her act in broad daylight. She was a little reluctant at first and looked at me with pleading eyes.

"Go ahead," I encouraged her, "Get your mind to it."

After a little more prodding Tina placed her hands on her chest and slowly began to play with her breasts, squeezing them first, and then rolling, pinching and pulling her nipples. Initially she appeared a bit conscious of my presence, but later she closed her eyes and began to make little guttural sounds of pleasure as she fondled her breasts.. 

Then, very slowly indeed, she moved one hand down over her well-toned stomach to her crotch. Her legs moved apart as she began to finger her congested clitoris. 

Her first words hit me like a thunderbolt.

"Fuck me, Alan," she murmured in subdued desperation, as she began to work fervently on her love button. I listened in total disbelief as my wife repeatedly uttered this other man's name and blatantly begged him for a fuck.

Her face had by now become flushed and her breathing was becoming more rapid. While one hand continued to work on her clitoris, the other hand moved down to separate her pussy lips. Her legs slipped even further apart, exposing her, almost obscenely, to my watchful scrutiny. She let out a soft moan of pleasure that sent chills through my groin. 

"I need your cock, Alan," she continued, still rubbing her clitoris with one hand and stretching her sex lips with the other, "I need your big cock inside me."

Slipping two fingers into her vagina, she continued to beg for her lover's cock. "Ohhhhh Alan ... please Alan ... I want you inside me. Get that big cock of yours inside me ... please ... fuck me, Alan ... give me a real good fuck ... I need a real good fuck, Alan ... "

I watched and listened in total awe while my wife squirmed in uncontrolled excitement as she plunged deeper into her fantasy. I was taken aback by the intensity with which another man had so thoroughly overwhelmed my wife's sexual desires.

"Mmmmm ... yeah ... that's it ... give it to me now ... give it to me real hard ... I want you to fuck me hard ... I want you to really bang your cock into me ... fill me up with your semen ... I want your sperm inside me ... ooooooh ... it feels so nice to have your juices pouring into me ... I love you, Alan ... I love to have your cock inside me ... I love to have your sperm inside my womb ... mmmmmmm ... " 

Tina's fingers moved rhythmically in and out of her vaginal opening, simulating a phallic fuck. Her body shook vigorously with joyful excitement, and she was almost gasping for breath.

As I gazed at the outrageous spectacle of my wife getting fucked by a guy called Alan, albeit in her fantasy, my cock swelled up and hardened till I thought it would burst. 

Then Tina suddenly squeezed her thighs together, lifted her hips from the bed and gasped as her body first went into a spasm and then began to convulse violently, seized by her illicit orgasm. As incredible waves of pleasure swept through her body, I could not help pulling my shorts down and stroking my cock in total delight. 

Tina did not waste any time as she came out of her climax. She spotted my throbbing cock jutting out over the top of my shorts and grabbed hold of it. 

"I love your big cock, Alan, I really love it," she muttered, completely lost in the depths of her fantasy.

With her fingers wrapped around the shaft, she pumped my cock vigorously till I thought it was about to explode. Then she took it into her mouth. Her lips found their way right down to the base of my shaft, engulfing the full length of my cock within her oral cavity. 

I was then treated to a most exhilarating blow job, culminating in an explosive ejaculation. As my hot cream spewed deep into her throat, Tina swallowed enthusiastically without wasting a single drop of my semen. She expertly sucked out and gulped down every drop, and then licked my cock absolutely clean.

I could hardly come to terms with what was going on. I found it difficult to accept that this was the same woman who in recent years had developed some kind of aversion for oral sex. 

A little later we were exchanging soft kisses as we lay exhausted in each other's arms. "I love you," Tina whispered. 

My response was a little blunt.

"Who is Alan?" I asked, unable to hold back my curiosity.

"Oh, so you are getting worried? Or are you beginning to feel a little jealous?" she teased me, "He's my lover."

"Who is he?" I asked again in a rather firm tone.

"Oh, he's Carol's husband," she confided in a very matter-of-fact way, "He fucks me regularly ... but only in my dreams ... and I thoroughly enjoy his fucks."

"Who's Carol?"

"She works in my office. She's my best friend at work."

"Have you met Alan?"

"Not personally. I've only seen him from a distance. And I must say that he looks good."

"I heard you say that you loved him?"

"Yeah, I love him a lot. I love him in my dreams" 

"Does Carol know that you fantasize about her husband?" I queried.

"Yeah," said Tina, "We share a lot of secrets. And you may be pleased to know that she too has fantasies - about making love to you."

"Oh? She doesn't even know what I look like. I don't think I've met her."

"You haven't. But she's seen you a couple of times, when you dropped me off at work."

I was astounded. I suddenly realised that I hardly knew my wife of fifteen years. We had never spoken out or shared our deeper thoughts and feelings before. We had been taking too many things for granted. No wonder our love life had become such a fiasco.