 "So how about dinner?" I asked as I rolled Mr. Jones over and proceeded to change out his soiled incontinence pad. Normally, the odor that curled up from Jones was enough to peel lead paint of a wall, but I had finally been one step ahead of my infamous comatose patient. The Vicks Vapor-Rub I had smeared under my nose protected me from his eye watering bowel distress.

Linda looked at me and frowned as she checked the blue, ribbed plastic lines on the respirator hooked to Jones. "How can you possibly think about food at a time like this?"

"I'm not thinking about food," I winked as I wiped and tossed the rags into the dirty linen barrel a foot away from the bed.

"Neither was I," she countered, her eyes watering from the stench, "Got any more vapor-rub?"

"Yeah, in my pocket," I smiled and jutted my right hip out. Linda came around the corner of the bed to me, her bright blue eyes checking for anyone in the hall as she went. I was always in awe of her and it seemed every movement she made from the mundane to the monumental had some sexual subtext for me. Her shoulder length blonde hair was slightly feathered today, her scrubs a dark blue that made her eyes look like windows to the Caribbean ocean. She slid her hand into my pocket, and instead of grabbing the small jar of vapor-rub she pushed her way over to my crotch.

"You are evil," I laughed as I finished Mr. Jones and rolled him into position. Her hand gentle massaged my balls through the fabric as I stood up straight.

"Just very horny," she smiled and leaned in to kiss me.

"Let me wash my hands first," I smiled broadly, motioning to my soiled gloves.

"That goes without saying," she scrunched her nose up in a face of revulsion as she looked at the nasty latex gloves.

"So how's you're asshole of a boyfriend?" I pulled off the gloves and tossed them into the red waste bucket as I walked into the bathroom. I turned on the water, and it immediately began steaming.

"He suspects something," Linda said casually as she stood in the doorway. I could see her looking at my ass in the reflective surface of the mirror as I scrubbed my hands. She added, "He falls short in a lot of ways, but paranoia is his specialty."

"Everyone's gotta have some kind of talent," I shrugged.

"What an asshole," she muttered. She shook her head in disgust, and as she did her hair swept around like the girls in the shampoo commercials do. I wondered if she knew that at forty-five, she still put to shame every woman in the hospital both young and old?

I slipped my arms around her and kissed her softly on the lips. "He's doesn't know what he's got."

"Am I being a bitch about this?" she asked my, her huge breasts pressed against me comfortably, "Am I asking too much of life?"

I shook my head. "No, not at all. Some guys just can't their shit together. That's not your fault."

"He doesn't even really like my son," she sighed.

"Which one?"

"The little one from my last marriage," she said, "He's five now, and he's just the cutest thing ever."

"Well he sprang from your loins," I replied as I kissed her again, "How could he help but be anything else?"

"You are so good for my ego," she purred and kissed me, our tongues rolling and tangling together as our hands began to wander. She slid her palm down over my crotch and felt my growing erection as I massaged her ass.

"God I love your body," she whispered, "And your cock is just right..."

"I'm the porridge Goldilocks chose," I smirked.

"You are creamy," she laughed as she squeezed my balls.

"How did we turn that fairy tale into a sexual innuendo?" I chuckled.

"You can make anything into a vague sexual reference if try hard enough."

"Anything?" I asked doubtfully as she started reaching into my pants, her finger nails tickling my waist as she went.

"Sure," she nodded, her eyes locked with mine, "Try me."

"Okay," I tried to think as she slipped past the elastic of my briefs, "Grandma's cookies?"

"Mmmmm," she said huskily as she took my hand and sucked my finger into her mouth, "Because Grandma's cookies are always hot and moist and juicy..."

"Juicy cookies?" I managed.

Her tongue circled around the tip of my index finger as she grasped the shaft of my cock and said, "Are you trying to debunk my theory?"

I shook my head. "Nope."

"Good," she smiled and kissed me again as she stroked my dick, taking time to slowly stimulated every last part of my seven and a half inch long cock. Linda could turn me on so fucking fast it made my head spin. She was so good at everything, every aspect of sex that I felt like I would never run out of surprises with her. She was the first woman I had ever been with who actually turned me to putty with just a look. God, she had power.

"You have a thick cock," she commented.

"Thank you," I managed.

"No, thank you..."

"So, dinner sound good?" I breathed into her ear as she jacked me off. I buried my face in her neck as she stroked, inhaling her lavender perfume and becoming even more lost in her rhythmic movements.

"Sounds great," she nodded and then pulled back, looking at me.

"What?" I asked.

"There's one hitch though..."

"Okay."

"My son will have to come with me," she said apologetically, "I don't have a babysitter that will watch him past seven o 'clock here."

"Hey, no worries," I smiled as I ran my fingers through her hair, "We'll just have to be creative."

"Really?" she asked hesitantly, "You don't mind?"

"No," I kissed her hand, "Not at all."

She looked at me for a moment, her eyes filled with a thousand words as we shared a silent moment. "You are so different."

"For better or worse," I shrugged.

She smiled and kissed me again. We straightened the room up and left separately, Linda first and me a few minutes later. My bulge was still like a scale model of Mount Everest and I didn't want anyone seeing me walking around with a stiffy. I felt my pager buzz and vibrate against my hip as I walked down the hall. I looked and saw room 3 needed help, so I grabbed some clean linen off the cart and went on my way. Linda was busy at her station. As I passed, we exchanged a brief glance and secret smile that made me feel better than I ever had before in my life.

***

I got home around seven that night, worn out and exhausted. The entire day had been a marathon, almost everyone suffering from the same bowel disorder as poor Mr. Jones. The Vicks was still strong under my nose, and my eyes felt as though the lids were made of thick sandpaper. I slipped my shoes off at the door and staggered across my living room, dropping my coat on the couch and my keys on the kitchen table. The phone was blinking red in the dim light, indicating someone had called during the day. I knew it had to be creditors, so I just decided to pass on that for the moment.

I stripped away my scrubs and tossed them into the plastic bag hanging from the wall. I never ever put my scrubs with my regular laundry, as all kinds of nasty shit could build up on you during the day as you wiped asses and bathed people. My back felt strained as I pulled my boxers off and sat down on the edge of the tub. Normally, I take showers, but tonight a bath looked really good. The thought of really hot water massaging my body into submission was too good to ignore. I looked at my watch and figured Linda wouldn't arrive for another half hour or so.

In the almost scalding water, which was a nice change from the frigid weather outside, I simply let myself unwind. From my bedroom, I could hear my stereo playing Charlotte Church quietly. Her voice always seemed to calm me, which was strange considering my tastes lean more towards Areosmith and Eric Clapton. I closed my eyes and thought of Linda, our first time together, tearing at each other in the women's bathroom at the hospital. I recalled with an amazing clarity the fine details of the experience; the feel of her skin, the touch of hands against my naked body, the warmth of her mouth around my cock, the unbelievable silkiness of her large breasts. I remembered her moans and the way she looked as we fucked each other, and that moment when the words were spoken that had set the tone for our relationship, "I love you." Then, the sound of my doorbell startled me back to reality.

I splashed up out of the tub and wrapped a towel around my waist. I nearly tripped over my recliner as I raced through the living room, dripping wet. Through the peek-hole, I saw that she was early. In the rounded, skewed vision of the small porthole in my door, I saw a tuft of dark hair and a red jacket standing beside her, not taller than her hips. In one hand she had with her a large pizza and in the other a six pack of beer. She never ceased to impress me.

"Hey you," I smiled as I opened the door. The boy seemed a little wary of me as I welcomed them in, clad in only a towel. His large blue eyes had clearly been handed down from Linda, bold and beautifully innocent. "I just got out of the tub," I said to him.

"Okay," he shrugged and stepped in.

"Hey baby," Linda kissed me gently as she put the beer in my hands, "I like this new look."

"Thank you," I smiled as I closed the door. I put the beer on the counter and hurried to put my sweats and a t-shirt on as Linda took off her coat and got the her son settled in. I brushed my teeth real quick and then went back into the living room.

"Steven," she smiled as she opened the pizza box, "Don't make a mess."

The boy nodded hungrily as he held his styrfoam plate out.

"What did you get?" I asked, grabbing two of the beers and a handful of paper towels.

"Pepperoni," she replied.

"A woman after my own heart."

"A woman seeking to get in your sweats..."

"Yes you are," I grabbed her ass as I passed her on my way to the couch. She was still in her scrubs as she passed out the pizza, and I could see right down the V-neck of her top. Her breasts hung there, restrained only by her black bra, looking milky and absolutely irresistible. I looked over and found Steven staring at my questioningly.

"Everything okay, man?" I asked as I took a bite of pizza.

"Uh huh," he chirped as he gorged himself.

Linda sat down in the chair caddy-corner to the couch and started eating. I popped open the beers and passed one to her, which she took and winked at me knowingly.

"Thank you for dinner," I said through a mouthful of pizza.

"Well, you're making desert," she smiled, "Grandma's cookies?"

I laughed. "You bet."

She took a drink of beer, and then said, "So Sandy called me the other day."

I nodded. It had only been a few weeks since Linda and I had engaged in a threesome with Sandy, and only a week since Sandy and I had gone solo. Linda had been fine with it, but ever since it had happened, I had felt bad for some reason. While the sex with Sandy was great, somehow it had felt like a betrayal of Linda. I asked, "What did she say?"

"That you were fantastic," Linda said, wiping some of the sauce off her lip with a napkin, "But that she felt bad."

"Oh yeah?" I took a long drink off my beer.

Linda nodded, "Yeah, she felt like she was infringing on us."

"I felt the same way, actually," I confessed as I helped myself to another slice of pizza.

"Really?"

"Yeah," I said, "I know you said it was okay, and that we're not a couple or anything, but it just didn't feel right to me in the end."

"Maybe that's because the pizza guy saw you two fucking on the floor of her apartment," Linda laughed.

"You should have seen the look on his face," I smiled.

Steven spoke up and innocently asked, "What's fucking?"

Linda's eyes went wide with embarrassment, as if she had forgotten her son was here, and swallowed her beer hard. She looked at me and then at him, uncertain of how to respond.

"Oh no, Steve," I shook my head, "Your mom said 'ducking,' not 'fucking'... fucking is a very bad word, and you never want to use it, okay?"

"Oh," he nodded, not understanding at all, "What's ducking?"

"It's another word for vacuuming," Linda replied and patted his head. Steven smiled broadly at her and then at me, and all was right with the world again.

I put on a movie, "Superman" with Christopher Reeves, to entertain the boy as he stretched out on the floor and made himself comfortable on the blankets I had piled there for him. I laid out a blanket on the couch and then added a couple comforters on as well, making a nice place for us to get cozy.

"I shouldn't lay on your clean blankets with these scrubs on," she said to me as we tidied up the kitchen, her breath hot in my ear.

"That's true," I agreed as wiped off the countertop, "Would a T-shirt do?"

"I think so," she laced her arms behind my neck and kissed me so passionately and slowly that I was afraid my dick was going to rip right out of the sweats like the Incredible Hulk on steroids through a wall. She was like a walking, talking aphrodisiac for me, complete with a killer body and hypnotic eyes.

I pulled the biggest shirt I had out of my dresser and let her change while I settled in on the couch, waiting for her like a kid does for presents on Christmas Eve. I turned off all the lights, and only the soft glare of the television set illuminated the room. I decided to be bold and removed my sweats and t-shirt, hiding myself under the blankets as a surprise for her. She walked out slowly, and I saw the t-shirt only came down far enough to cover her ass. It was pushed out in the front from the bulk of her now braless tits, offering a tantalizing view of her crotch. I saw only naked skin in the brief glimpses of her naked pussy as she walked. She did a little courtesy and asked, "How do I look?"

"Fantastic," I said, my eyes glued to her.

"Thank you," she said as she sat down with me, stretching out and snuggling under the comforters. My couch was big enough to hold us both, the back cushions removable allowing for a space the size of twin bed. Her body slid against mine, and she looked over to me as she touched my naked skin. 

"You didn't?" she smiled as she grasped my cock and then said, "Oh you did. You're naked."

"I know," I laughed as we began kissing. The whole day had been spent teasing each other every chance we got, at one point Linda pulling down the neck of her top and exposing her left breast to me as I made a vacant bed. I quickly licked her nipple as I worked, and then we went about our business as if nothing had happened. But here we were, and now it was finally coming to fruition. We must have had sex a hundred times in the couple of months we had been together, but every time was as exciting as the first. We couldn't get close enough to each other, our tongues couldn't reach far enough in and our hands couldn't touch enough as we explored each other.

I ran my hands through her soft blonde hair as we tasted each other, our tongues sliding wetly together in long, sensual motions. Her hands were wrapped around my cock and gently jerking me off. Her motions were precise and exact as she stroked my stony length, paying special attention to my swollen head as she went. I looked over with one at her son, who was watching the television intently.

"We could scar him for life if he sees us," I cautioned, suckling on her bottom lip.

"We'll be creative," she smiled, "He'll freak out if we leave him alone..."

"We can't have that," I whispered as I massaged her breasts, tweaking her hard nipples.

"That makes me so wet," she confided in my ear as she rubbed my balls, "And I really can't wait until he goes to sleep to have you. I want you now..."

"You're a screamer," I said as I pulled her to me, my cock pressing against her soft flesh, "You think you can keep quiet?"

"We can find out," she said, her tongue running over my lips.

"Yes we can," I agreed, taking another look at him. He was still glued to the set.

Linda slipped off the t-shirt and pulled me close to her, our bodies hot against each other. I embraced her and kissed her neck as she rubbed her pussy against my thigh. She brought her lips to my ear and whispered, "Fuck me."

I felt myself jolt at her words, "I love it when you talk dirty."

"How's this for dirty? Fuck me with that big, thick cock of yours," she whispered playfully and licked my ear, "Take your big dick and put it in my pussy. Fuck me, baby."

I smiled. "You should have been a phone sex operator."

"How do you know I wasn't?" she ran her fingernails up and down my back, "The schooling for respiratory therapists isn't cheap..."

"Nice," I laughed as we kissed again. I then laid her back and went under the covers. I kissed my way down her neck and chest, running my tongue around her ribs and then up the side swell of her left breast. Her skin was always silky and smooth, so soothing to the touch that I always let my face rub against it whenever we made love together. I cupped her right breast in one hand, rolling and pulling the nipple as I sucked on her left. I could hear her moaning in the back of her throat, a sound sexier than any I had ever known. It was full of need and approval, an audio aphrodisiac that made my stomach tingle and cock harden even more.

I dragged my tongue down between her breasts and over her soft stomach, leaving behind a wet trail of hot kisses. I circled her navel and then started French kissing the smooth, short distance between her navel and the beginning of her vagina. I bunched myself against the arm of the couch, quickly running out of room. Linda scooted up further on the couch to give me some space to work as I propped her legs up on my shoulders. It was getting extremely hot under the thick blanket and I could feel sweat beading on my upper lip and forehead.

I inhaled deeply, her scent sweet and inviting as I brought my lips to her sex. I kissed her swollen mound gently, letting my tongue slid out and caress her out lips. I heard her gasp a little as I ran my tongue slowly and firmly from one end of her slit to the other. Her sweet juice tantalized my taste buds, and I started to work my way into her, exploring every curve and fold of her inner workings. My face was beginning to get very wet as I buried my tongue in her pussy. Linda's thighs tensed around my neck and face as I ate her out, her hands running though my short hair. I slid my hand ups her body and began tweaking her nipples, pulling and gently pinching.

"Yes," she whispered to me as her hips slowly started to rock back and forth. It was boiling in the small space between the blanket and the couch, and I was pouring sweat as our combined body heat cooked me.

I then turned my attention to her clit, which was now hardened and protruding out. I flicked her sensitive button with my tongue and teased it. Her whole body tensed, and I could hear her sucking in air, desperate to hold back the throaty, sensual moans I had become accustomed to. Her hands were tight on my head as I suckled on her clit, her fingers massaging my scalp and pulling me even closer to her. 

The blanket lifted up from above, and from the opening, I saw Linda's face. Her massive breasts almost blocked my view of her as she looked down at me and whispered, "He's asleep."

I nodded and began attacking her clit. She jumped a little, moving backwards and further up the arm of the couch. I could hear her breathlessly repeating over and over again the same phrase, "Oh please, oh please yes, oh please, oh please yes..."

"You're going to make me cum," she hissed as she drew the blanket back and uncovered us. The blast of cool air was wonderful and exciting as we exposed ourselves. Her nipples were erect and prominent, boldly standing out from her areolas. I managed to get a glimpse of her son, lying on the floor and fast asleep. I prayed he wouldn't wake up as I drove her closer to her orgasm. I felt her pussy spasm against my lips and knew we were close the climax. I began nibbling on her clit gently yet swiftly, and she couldn't help but utter a small, high-pitched moan. I alternated each nibbling motion with a fast flick of my tongue. This maneuver was my ace in the hole, a sure fire trigger for an orgasm that I had discovered about her in our first week together.
