 It was our second day there and the snow finally started to let up. We spent the first day resting from the long drive up to the mountains. It was a hard drive with the ice and snow all over the road. The last fifty miles took three hours to traverse until we reached the quiet little ski town our lodge was in. 

The lodge was located on the slope next to the ski run so walk up traffic was very heavy during the daytime when most of the guests were out taking advantage of the fresh powder. Luckily for us, our travel agent upgraded the reservation to one of the private cabins about one hundred yards above the lodge on the edge of the ski run. The location gave us privacy but allowed us to utilize the dinning hall and bar located in the lodge if we wanted to. 

The cabin was cozy with a living area and bedroom combined into one room. The fireplace was located in the center of the room giving a slight separation to the bedroom. The side of the cabin facing the ski run had a large glass sliding door opening up to the porch. Out side on the porch stood an outdoor gas fireplace and a large six man hot tube. The porch itself was clear of snow due to the heating element inside the concrete, which made it comfortable to walk across bare foot in the cold temperatures. The most impressive part of this outdoor living area was the view of the ski slope, the lodge, and town just below us. One could see all the way up the mountain on one side and look over the elegant lodge down into the sleepy town on the other side. 

Wendy woke up early as usual and sat in front of the glass door drinking her coffee while watching the sun come up over the mountaintop. The fire she started in the fireplace hadn't warmed the room up enough yet to allow her to walk around nude so she bundled herself up in the robe nice and tight. 

As I woke up I noticed her sitting there bundled up trying to keep warm. On a lark I spoke up, "I dare you to walk out on the porch with your robe open hanging off your shoulders." Knowing there was no way she would do that because of the cold, 

I even sweetened the deal and informed her that if she did my dare I would do a dare from her. 

She thought about it for a while and then stood up walked over to me and quietly spoke in my ear, "Your on, and you better not welsh on your end of the deal." 

Wendy walked back over to the sliding door and untied her robe letting it flow open. She shrugged her shoulders until the robe dropped off and slid half way down her arms. In this position her shoulders, breast, and full front was exposed from head to toe. Holding her coffee in one hand and pulling the door open with the other she turned looking over her shoulder and said, "The game is on!"

The cold air hit her body as soon as the door cracked open causing her to shiver. Goose bumps popped up all over her body and her nipples became firm jutting out in front of her like marbles. As she stepped out onto the porch I could her mumble "Oh shit". The cold air blowing out side caused the robe to balloon out revealing her naked body to the elements. 

Her tan skin contrasted against the white robe and snow covered ground around the porch. I am still amazed at how gorgeous she looks each and every day. Her beauty makes most women jealous and her figure is one they all envy. Her firm pert breast thrust out with hard buttons standing at their tips. Her flat stomach and heart shaped ass resemble those of models you see in Vogue and Cosmo. Any man in his right mind would fantasize about a woman with such beauty.

Watching her stand out there on the porch reveling in the freedom of her nudity made me want her more. The look in her eyes and smile on her face spoke volumes about her self-confidence this early morning. She had a look of a goddess standing on Olympia. As she turned way towards the ski run she boldly waved and shouted hello to a twenty something male rescue worker heading up the slop to his aid station. Not attempting to hide her body she allowed the man to drink in her naked body with a long quizzical stare as he struggled to answer back with a stammered good morning back to her.

As the man passed on, Wendy turned back to the door and gracefully walked back in with a wicked grin on her face wondering what was going through the ski patrol's mind seeing her naked out in the snow.

I knew right then I was in trouble when she smiled at me and said it was my turn to perform a dare.

Wendy sat down on the hearth of the fireplace near the foot of the bed, dropped her robe down off her shoulders gathering below her butt and spread her legs apart revealing her bald sex box. As she leaned back propping herself with her arms behind her she said, "Now what I want you to do is come over here to the edge of the bed and stroke yourself off in front of me as I watch."

Now it is no surprise that I enjoy seeing her touch herself whenever I can but it was not common for me to masturbate in front of her. Not wanting to be the one to spoil the game I followed her orders and slid down to the edge of the bed.

Since I normally wake up with morning wood and seeing her outside exposing herself to a total stranger, I was already hard as a rock. 

Stroking lightly at first I started to comply with her dare. As I watched her face and observed the growing lust in her eyes my pace became harder and faster. 

Wendy watched intently with great joy as I stroked my hard cock just three feet in front of her. She slowly dragged one hand across her stomach and up towards her breast. When her fingers reached her left breast she gently massaged her glorious globe enticing her nipples to stand out even more. As her fingers found their way to the button crowning her bosom, she rolled it between her thumb and index finger with firm steady oscillations. 

A low moan came out from her throat giving me more encouragement to continue with the task in hand. My pace now was becoming more urgent as I witnessed her excitement with the happenings of the game. 

Focusing on her as I stroked myself off I saw her other hand come up and trace a line down from her navel to the top of her pussy. Slowly she began rubbing her clit with small circles as she became more aroused. I was now reaching a dangerous point of pleasure and racing towards my own ejaculation. 

Wendy saw that I was getting closer to cumming and told me that I was not allowed to cum until she said it was time. 

Her fingers started sliding up and down the length of her bald flower. I could she her juices spreading over her lips as she prepared herself for penetration. With steadying movement she introduced one then two fingers into her wet pussy as she fucked herself there in front of me. 

As my need for relief grew more intense Wendy increased her rhythm dipping her fingers in deeper and deeper with each thrust. We were both racing towards an orgasm as we watched each other masturbate in front of one another. 

My hand was now flying up and down my shaft with blinding speed as Wendy pounded her pussy with one hand and aggressively tugged at her left nipple with the other. 

Both of our breathing became ragged as we approached the moment of not return. As Wendy's orgasm started she let out a grunt as her body gave away the fact that she had just reached a wave of erotic pleasure. I was ready to bust when she spoke up and informed me that it was my turn to release my own orgasm. 

I was about to shoot my load out into to open air when she said, "Give me your seed right here." as she pointed to her stomach.

Quickly I stood up and stepped in front of her and aimed my cock in her direction. The rush of orgasm hit me with a volcanic explosion as I released my load towards her. A ribbon of hot white fluid launched out of the end of my cock splashing across her stomach and thigh as my orgasm reached its apex. 

Dropping to my knees in front of her I looked up and stared into her eyes with a smile from ear to ear. 

Wendy sat there for a second looking down at the white creamy liquid running down her torso and said, " I like this game we should keep playing it the rest of the day."

 After a long shower and casual groping we ate breakfast and went on about our day of fun and winter frolic. Our little game had taken a back seat for a while as we shopped and tried our hand at skiing.

Latter that day during lunch I revived our little game by daring her to eat a piece of sushi and she returned my dare by having me walk out of the restaurant with my fly open. 

We went on the rest of the afternoon daring each other to goofy little things that would cause minor embarrassment to each other but made strangers stop and stare.

Around four o'clock we gathered near the middle of the ski run with a group of people to have a snowboarding lesson. As we listened to the instructor I got an evil idea and whispered into Wendy's ear. "I dare you to let your ski pants drop to your knees as you start down the slope." She looked at me with a scared but angered look in her eyes. "You can't really mean that can you?" she stated. I smiled back and asked her if she was chicken and did she want to end our game right then and there. 

She looked away for a minute not talking to me and ignored me for the next ten minutes as the instructor continued the lesson. Just before it was her turn to attempt snowboarding she turned and looked me in the eyes and said, "If I do this you will owe me a big one and if you don't pay up it will cost you more than you could imagine!" 

I nodded and she turned towards the tree line and fidgeted with her pants. 

As Wendy started down slowly she squatted just like the instructor said to do and then her pants started to slip down. First I could see the t-shirt that was tucked into her pants then a faint line of skin. The further she went down the slope the further her pants slid down her legs until they were around her knees and her ass was hanging out in the open. All you could see was golden tanned cheeks and a thin line of blue up her crack from her thong. 

With her pants down she lost control of the snowboard and fell over in the snow burying her ass deep in the cold snow. With great embarrassment she quickly tugged up her pants as everyone laughed and snapped pictures of her bare ass lying in the snow.

After everyone had made it down the hill and turned in their equipment Wendy received a lot of comments about her moon shot on the ski slope. I knew that I may have gone a little to far with the dare so I made sure she got her big one latter that night.

We cleaned up for dinner and had a somewhat quiet meal in the lounge at the lodge. Wendy leaned over to me and mentioned that she could tell people were talking about her and the incident on the ski slope. She was a little mad but remained a good sport about the whole thing. Just before the main course arrived I excused myself from the table and went to the front desk to make arrangement for the night. When I returned Wendy was sipping a glass of wine that was sent over to her from one of the guys in our group that witnessed her pants drop on the slope. She informed me that he sent it over to her thanking her for making the lesson worth wild.

We finished our diner and started the long walk back up to the cabin. It was dark and cold as the wind picked up and snow started to fall again. When we reached the door I asked her if she had a good day and if she forgave me for the little issue on the ski run. She gave me a halfhearted smile and said I owed her big time for that one. 

As the door opened the warn glow of the fireplace filled the doorway as we walked in. There on the floor in front of us was a trail of angle white fuzzy feathers scattered across the floor.

The feathers lead to the bathroom were the Jacuzzi tub was filled with a warm bubble bath and candles surrounding the bathroom. 

Wendy looked at me with a confused look, I informed her that I had instructed the staff to set the room up for her and had the bath drawn to give her a relaxing romantic evening.

As I slowly undressed her I kissed her neck and shoulders. Dropping down to my knees I continued the kisses on her stomach as I slip off her panties and bra. 

Once all of her clothes were removed I helped her slip into the tub and told her to relax and soak for a while. I left the room for a moment and returned with a glass of Champagne and strawberries for her to enjoy as she lay in the tub. 

Returning to the bathroom after fifteen minutes I helped her out of the tub. Grabbing the plush towel on the counter I dried her off with great care. I made sure to gently dab her all over paying extra special attention to her sensitive zones around her nipples, ass, and love box. As each location was dried off I placed soft moist kisses on them increasing the sensation for all of her erogenous zones. 

Once Wendy was dry we walked out into the room were she saw more feathers on the floor leading to the bed. With a clean white sheet covering the bed along with more feathers, I placed her on the bed on her stomach and told her to just lie there and not make a sound until I returned.

I quickly returned to the bathroom and removed all of my clothes and made my way back to the fireplace. Earlier I had placed a bottle of massage oil next to the fireplace to warm it up. 

As I walked up behind Wendy quietly, I poured a generous amount of oil in my hands. Starting with her feet I slowly massaged her body to relax and stimulate her. Working my way up her legs, I rubbed her calves and the back of her legs letting her melt into the feather covered bed. Her body felt soft and warm as my hands kneaded the tension from her legs and butt. 

The pressure applied to her back elicited a low moan from her lips as she floated off into a relaxed state. Once I had worked her back and arms over thoroughly I asked her to roll over onto her back. 

Now she was looking at me with a pleasant smile on her face as if she was in pure ecstasy. With the bottle in one hand I dripped more oil on her thighs and stomach preparing them for a sensual massage.

Rubbing up her thighs I made careful notice not to come in contact with her pussy. I didn't want to jump right in to fast. As my hands moved to the ticklish area were her legs and abdomen meet I made sure not to touch her too lightly. My hands moved up to her stomach and ribs slowly circling her torso rubbing in the oil leaving her body glistening in the fire light. 

With her entire body massaged and rubbed up properly I started to turn up the heat on the sensual foreplay that had been taking place. With a gentle nudge I parted Wendy's legs enough to allow me access to her bald love nest. Oiling up my hand again I placed each one on the creases of her thighs just to the side of her pussy. 

Working my thumbs up and down along the crease I started to squeeze my thumbs together causing the outer folds of her slit to press against each other trapping her petals between them. As my thumbs gradually closed in on the entrance to her womanhood I made sure not to touch the delicate lips that protruded from her pussy.

Now with each rotation of my thumbs I pressed her folds tight against each other and then as my thumbs moved away I pulled them apart opening up her love canal allowing me to see the moisture building up deep inside her. 

I could tell that this attention was starting to drive her crazy. Continuing to the point of no return I moved up slightly and repeated the same treatment to the area around her clit. With just a few strokes around her little button I witnessed her excitement reaching a new height. It looked as if her clit was throbbing with each heartbeat. Her little bulb started to become engorged with blood and peeked out from under its hood begging for sexual relief. 

All the while as my hand worked their magic on Wendy's lower region a steady stream of low moans and whispered request for sexual gratification came from her sensual mouth. 

It took all of my restraint to ignore the pleas and stay on task. There was more to the foreplay than what had happened up until now. 

With determination and iron will I pressed on with the next phase of the plan. I parted her legs wider to allow me to move in closer to her so I could reach her breast. Dripping more oil on each breast I caressed her globes in circular motions rubbing in the oil as my hands spiraled up to her nipples. 

I was now so close to her body that my hard cock was firmly pressed up against her wet pussy. As my fingers started to lightly pinch each nipple I could fill each one respond until they were hard as marbles. Her nipples ached with desire screaming out to be stroked. 

Rolling each one in unison her pleasure level hit its peak. Wendy started moaning louder with every twist and turn. Her body took over and she began thrusting her hips up and down rubbing her wet lips along the shaft of my rock hard member between her legs. The more I played with her nipples the longer and higher each stroke became.

With both our pleasures on my mind I turned up the temperature a little more. The first tug caused Wendy to open her eyes wide for the first time since she rolled over onto her back. Knowing what this would do to her I continued to tug each nipple lightly between my fingers bringing her to a boiling point. 

Wendy couldn't wait any longer, she lifted her hips slightly higher than she had in the passed and positioned the tip of my cock at the entrance of her hot wet love tunnel. With desired results the head of my member slipped into her pussy. Deliberately she lowered her hips forcing the length of my hard cock to slide deeper into her dripping wet sex.

Not giving in just yet I remained still as I repeated the tugging action on her pulsating nipples. With each pull of her nipples she lifted and lowered her hips fucking the hard rod that slipped in and out of her pussy. I continued to repeat the sensual onslaught on Wendy's nipples forcing her to fuck herself on my cock not giving in to her wanton needs to be penetrated until she was to the point of almost losing control. 

With a raspy plea for me to stop teasing and fuck the shit out of her, I gave in and began thrusting into her with steady strokes. Each push drove my cock deeper into her lifting her pleasure higher up the mountain of orgasmic desire. 

Our rhythm became feverish as our bodies slammed together with a passion that shook the mountain outside. Wendy's body stiffened as her first orgasm hit, her breathing stopped for a second as she tried to scream out without success. 

I couldn't hold out much longer as the tightness in my balls demanded release. As Wendy's orgasm waned I erupted inside her coating her walls with my hot seed. Not wanting to stop just yet I took advantage of the firmness of my cock as I continued thrusting into her with a ferocity that forced her hips up off of the mattress each time I pushed foreword. 

Without Wendy noticing I leaned down and sucked her left nipple into my mouth and racked my teeth across the hard button sending an electric charge through her body down to her core. The continued pounding of her pussy and the new sensation on her over charged breast launched Wendy into her second and more volatile orgasm of the night. 

Wendy grasped the sheets of the bed in her fist, arched her back, and screamed out in ecstasy as the tidal wave of pure pleasure washed over her. Wendy's juices exploded all over my cock and balls splashing against my thighs leaving a pool of wetness on the bed. 

As we both collapsed from the excitement of our lovemaking I cuddled up next to her and softly caressed her body as convulsions from orgasmic relief left her unable to speak.

Once we both recovered from the incredible ride of lust and love I looked into her eyes and asked if that satisfied the big one I owed her from earlier. As she confirmed the paid in full status of her dare, I suggested we hope in the hot tub on the porch for a romantic moonlight soak before we float off to sleep.
