 It was late when she got in, his ex-girlfriend up to stay at a ski cabin they were renting among a group of mutual friends. The room had two beds -- just about everyone had gotten there early, and the other rooms were basically all taken.

He pretended to be asleep -- she turned the light on for a second and must have been able to see it was him. She rolled her bag in, unpacked her, and left the room.

He closed his eyes again and didn’t open them when she returned. He heard her take her pants off and what must have been her sweater, heard her get under the covers.

They had broken up years ago, and she had probably gotten over it more quickly than he did. There’d been some fooling around in the early days but never cheating and nothing recent. She was dating a professor of something he didn’t want to think about; it seemed permanent. The two of them had settled in to a casual but stilted friendship.

Minutes passed -- he found it hard to relax. Images of her going down on him, in the hot tub, in the snow, went through his mind.

He heard her turn over, facing the ceiling maybe. She gave a sort of harrumph, unsatisfied, clearly wide awake herself despite the hour. He wondered if he should say something. He turned over his pillow to its cool side, somewhat noisily. He tried to think of something else and fall asleep.

She moved around. He heard her breath quicken a bit, thought he heard a murmur, some rustling, not quite a moan, then nothing, as if she were coming to a decision.

He’d opened his eyes by now but he couldn’t see much in the dark. She turned again, her breathing changed, became deeper as if she were trying to calm herself. She sat up in the bed (though he couldn’t quite see), paused, swung her legs around and in a second she’d crossed the space between the two beds and she was on him and under the covers.

He was on his side, but she clearly wanted to be on top and forced him onto his back. There was a pause where they were both breathing hard. It was clear that he wanted this, making small thrusts up at her. He felt her naked legs against his as she ground against him. His hands crept to the side of her hips, under her t-shirt. He moved to kiss her but she pushed him back, bringing her chest to his face. He pulled her shirt over her head and brought his tongue to her breasts, her nipples beginning to get hard -- sucking on them now and kissing along her cleavage.

He was hard now. He liked her taking charge, which she hadn’t done much when they were together. He went to kiss her but again she refused, this time putting her finger to his lips, which she left there. She kissed his neck, ground her crotch against him, and he gasped -- his mouth opening and her two fingers sliding past his teeth to his tongue.

He wet them, turned on, submissive. He could barely see in the dark but her eyes seemed insistent and commanding and maybe almost contemptuous. Aroused. She reached down and began to jerk him off. He moaned. She spit into her hand and worked faster, his sounds getting lounder. Now she kissed him, her tongue sliding into his and turning him on even more.

She ended the kiss, their foreheads touching and her eyes looking into his as she brought him higher and higher and he moaned desperately. He couldn’t think straight -- totally overwhelmed.

She stopped for a second, took her panties off; he took this moment to remove his shirt, though his boxers were still on. She touched him glancingly and moved up the bed, straddling his face.

She was sopping wet. He immediately began kissing her -- her smooth thighs, her mons. He licked her pussy, moved up to her clit, circling it gently at first but then more firmly with insistence, earning a gasp.

She braced her arms against the metal frame of the bed. He couldn’t see but he imagined her head thrown back, long brown hair everywhere. She was moaning now, high pitched sounds that he had always liked. If she worried about being heard, she wasn’t acting like it. Her thighs clamped around him. His neck tilted back, she began to press insistently against him. He held her hips in place so her jerky motions wouldn’t interfere with getting her off.

Her breath had gotten faster now, but her moans were maybe quieter -- trying to control herself but failing. She grabbed the back of his head with one hand, her pinkie digging in to the nape of his neck. Her own head now rested on the wall, the other hand on the bed frame, her sounds becoming slower and deeper. She let him continue like that for a while.

She climbed off him -- straddling his body, naked, her tits touching his chest. He kicked off his underwear. She rubbed herself against him to get him wet and make him harder again. His arms circled her smooth back.

“Are you...?” He asked.

“It’s fine.”

She grabbed him with her hand and shoved herself into him. Her skin scratched against his thighs and he gasped once he was fully inside her.

He was laying on his back; she was leaning over him, her tits bouncing in his face while riding him. She wasn’t loud but intent, short, tight strokes. He closed his eyes, put his hands on her hips, felt her going faster and faster on top of him.

He brought his hands to her shoulders, pulled her chest to his mouth. She moaned, a bit tired now, wriggling against him. Him feeling her pussy all along him in long strokes, driving him wild. He went to flip her onto her back, wanting nothing more than to really rail her, fuck the shit out her and make them both come.

For a second it seemed like she’d let him, but she put her hands on his shoulders and straightened her back upward, became turning her hips in tight circles that made him almost lose it, him growling with desire as she began to move faster and faster.

She looked amazing, the moonlight shining off her white skin, her tits bouncing, her red hair tousled and wanton. He began to breathe faster and faster, and her face contorted, getting louder and louder, almost like asserting her dominance over him.

“You fucking slut.” She said. Her breath grew ragged, moaning loudly, losing control as she came.

This felt amazing but for a moment he thought she might stop and leave him unsatisfied. But then we she regained some control she smiled and gave him what he liked, leaning down again over him riding him faster and faster till he came gasping inside of her.

They lay there for a moment, breathing hard, untangled. Her head lay on his chest for a second, her hand stroking his shoulder thoughtfully, his caressing her hair. She turned her head and their eyes met, though he couldn’t really say what had passed between them.

She put her finger on his lips as she turned away, not that he was planning to speak. Her hair tossed as she left the bed, not bothering to scrounge around for her clothes. She lay down, and both of them fell into a deep sleep.