 My phone pinged notifying me I had a text message. I checked my phone and it was Stacey, "Hey Becky. Do you want to go to the club tonight? I feel like getting down and dirty for New Year."

It was New Years Eve and like most of the world Stacey wanted to spend it out in the world. I on the other hand could think of nothing better than sitting at home with a bowl of ice cream. I had not been dumped. My problem was worse. I had not had a meaningful relationship with the other sex in over a year. The truth is I was turning 35 in 3 months and I had never been fulfilled or satisfied in any relationship. I had contemplated my past relationships and I never felt that adoration from a partner that I read about in stories or the elusive orgasm which I only achieved at my own hands. There was always something lacking in my relationships and I did not see the situation changing at any club with Stacey.

I read the message and decided to ignore it. Then I heard my phone ringing and it was Stacey. I sighed in exasperation. I did not need this right now. She did not like being left on read. To spare you the details of the conversation, I caved and agreed to join her tonight.

My reluctance to go is added to by the fact that Stacey is 27 and drop dead gorgeous and by that I mean long blonde hair, petite figure, and firm breasts. I am the opposite end of the scale and when I am with her no one is interested in me and I am left to deal with scraps that Stacey does not want.

My professional life is the opposite of my love life. I was a successful doctor. I was a partner in my practice and I felt like a completely different person in my professional life. Once my stethoscope was off I felt my confidence go and I became an insecure mess.

I felt tonight I should try and change that. I picked out a sexy little black number. It was knee length and I always felt sexier in a shorter dress. I had to wear tights because the weather was too nippy for naked legs. I had shoulder length hair and I let it down.

I left my bra and wore a string thong. I wanted to be the sexiest I could be for the New Year.

I went over to Stacey's and she looked stunning. Her hair was wavy blonde, she wore a low cut dress with a lot of cleavage on show and her dress rested on her thighs. She looked amazing. No matter what I tried I would not be close to Stacey.

As we arrived at the club, I regretted my decision immediately. The place was filled with 20 something's gyrating on the dance floor. We went to the bar to get some drinks when we were approached by two young lads. They looked to be no more than 21. They were too young for me but I needn't have worried as they both seemed to be vying for Stacey's attention. I guess this was how the night was going to go.

We sat down just away from the dance floor. They gave their names as Chad and Brad. Stacey tried to give both boys attention but it was obvious that Brad was doing better and that is when Chad turned his attention to me. Here I was again with Stacey's cast offs. 

Brad was whispering to Stacey and then he grabbed her hand and began leading her to the dance floor. I could see Chad look at them with envy. He gave me a half hearted look but I was not interested and his attitude that I should be grateful for his half hearted interest was not a boost for my confidence. I told him to join his friend as I just wanted another drink.

He left without a second look. I just looked up in relief to be on my own. I went to the bar to get a drink when the DJ announced that it was a 5 minutes to midnight. Everyone rushed to the dance floor and I was caught up in the movement. 

I ended up on the dance floor and in a swamp of people. I tried to leave but it was no use. There was no point fighting it and I started dancing by myself.

Then I heard a voice, "you are the most beautiful girl in the club."

It was cheesy but I liked hearing it. His voice was rougher than Chad's. There was a maturity in his voice and a slight foreign accent. He put his hands on my hips and began to sway with me.

I began to sway more with him. His hands ran up the sides of my body up to the sides of my breasts and then back down to the side of my hips. His movements were quick and it encouraged me to move more provocatively.

I was grinding against him and he was obviously hard. His hands began roaming more freely over my ass. He was groping and having a good feel.

His hands were going under my skirt. He was going too far and I tried to stop him but he was too strong for me. His hands were now groping my ass over my tights.

I wasn't some slut that liked being groped in clubs and I needed to end this.

I was stronger but he held my hands in front of me and pushed me back against him. My ass instinctively grinded against his rock hard cock. God he was so hard. He whispered into my ear, "I have been watching you all night. I need you." My mind was all of a sudden confused.

I became lost in the moment and bent over twerking against his cock. His groping was more aggressive and I could feel myself getting soaked. I then felt a tear and realized he had torn my tights and then I felt his hands on my thong covered ass. He pulled my thong together so that it was between my legs. I could not believe where I found myself. I was behaving like such a slut but I was lost in the moment.

I had never been so turned on in my life and I could something building inside me. The more turned on I was getting the more I was losing my inhibitions. 

He then moved my thong to the side and slid a finger inside. He was slowly finger fucking me. I was so turned I was pushing back against his finger. He then entered another finger inside of me. He was driving me crazy. I was reaching heights I had never felt before. I just wanted to fuck on the dance floor.

He then pulled me back up so my body was against him. He kept finger fucking and I felt Goosebumps as I was feeling a high that I had never felt before from any sexual experience and I was now experiencing this high with a stranger.

The countdown had started for the New Year. As they got to one. He turned my face to kiss him and I devoured his tongue. As the DJ announced happy New Year. My legs trembled and I had my first ever orgasm. I came from just his fingers. 

The rest of the night was a haze and I did not even get to see his face or even get his name. 

To my disappointment I did not see him again and I wondered if I would reach that high and orgasm again.

3 Months Later

I masturbated almost every night but I could not get over the edge and orgasm no matter how close I got.

It had been 3 months since my new years experience and I had given up hope on ever meeting that stranger with whom I had such a connection. I had almost put it down to my drunken imagination but my ripped tights reminded me it was real. I had masturbated wearing them which would bring me closer to orgasm but not close enough. My body needed that stranger manipulating my body to orgasm.

One morning as I entered my office I saw a bouquet of flowers with a card. The card read, "Happy New Year. We will meet again soon. AM xoxo."

The message was cryptic but obvious who it was from. I initially felt a shot of euphoria as I saw it. But I was also angry at who this person thought he was that I would be just waiting around for him. I was distracted all day and I had to leave early.

I was seething the rest of the day. If he knew who I was and he could have come for me at any time why did he not come earlier. What does he think of me? That I am some slut that would wait for him or that I could not move on. I was pissed off. I had a few glasses of wine but as the intoxication hit me I became calmer and thought it was quite flattering. 

I fished out the old tights and wore them as I masturbated. It felt so good. I wondered who AM was. I did not know anyone with those initials.

I finally reached my orgasm and I came hard soaking the bed. Oh god I needed that so much.

The next day I was called in by the head of the practice, Nik Menon. He seemed concerned as I had left the office early. I had thrown myself into work as a distraction recently but as I left abruptly he was concerned.

He said, "Becky you have been working hard recently and you have not had a break. I have cancelled your appointments for the next two weeks and I want you to take a break."

I protested, "I was just feeling a little drained yesterday and needed an early finish but I am back to usual."

My orgasm last night had given me some energy but he was not relenting, "I don't want to hear it. I can't afford to have appointments missed at the last minute. You are a partner here and you need a break. I have already got your appointments covered. I have a cabin that you can use. It is more of a holiday home. It will do you good to have a break from the city. I need you back to your best."

He was always going to ensure the Practice was put first. I gave up the fight and maybe a break was not such a bad idea. I had heard about his cabin in the woods which sounded more like an amazing holiday home so I decided to agree, "I promise to be at my best when I am back."

He gave me the details for the holiday home. He left the key in a lockbox near the property. 

I left the next day for the cabin in the woods. I had entered the woods and it started to snow. It was only light snow so nothing to worry about. As I was driving up the road, I noticed the property on the right. It looked amazing. There was already a car parked outside which made me think have I driven to the right property.

The property matched the description and images I had seen. The snow was getting heavier now. I decided I had no choice but to stop and find out who was there.

I went to the lockbox and it was exactly where Nik had described. It was definitely the right property.

The key was still in the box so I collected it and opened the property. I walked in and to my shock someone was sat at the table completely naked. We both yelped in shock. He quickly grabbed his bathrobe and covered himself.

I thought to myself I should have really knocked. He asked in a rather exasperated tone, "Who are you? What are you doing here?"

I frantically explained myself, "I work with Nik Menon and he gave me directions for the cabin and the keys. I am sorry. I did not know anyone was here."

He then said a bit calmer but his tone was still tense, "What is your name? So you work with Nik. Are you a nurse?"

Now I felt insulted, he thought I was a nurse because I worked with a doctor. So now my reply was a little tense, "It is actually Dr Rebecca Smith. How do you know Nik?"

He gave a little giggle at this reply, "I am sorry. It was just a shock. I am not surprised hr has not mentioned me. I am his good for nothing Brother Aaron. Rebecca is a nice name. Or should I call you doctor?"

The tension had broken and he made me giggle, "Rebecca or Becky is fine. Nik said the place would be free and I could use it for a break. I am sorry if I was intruding."

He seemed a lot more relaxed now, "I prefer Rebecca. It is a nice name. Nik and I share the cabin. He usually lets me know if someone is coming up to stay. I just came up for a few weeks to try and break my writers block. I can leave tonight so you can have the place to yourself. I had a look outside and there was heavy snow. He could not drive out tonight, "the snow is too heavy. It seems like a large place. It won't be a problem sharing the place for one night. You can leave tomorrow."

I liked the way he said Rebecca. It had an intimacy to it. I did not mind his company. Following our initial tension he seemed like he would be nice company. He was also a hunk and I could not believe he was Nik's brother. He said, "I did not even know the weather had turned. Where are my manners? Let me show you around."

He took me to through the place and it was too big to be considered a cabin in the woods. He took me through the living room and kitchen area. It was a nice home. It had 1 bedroom and also a Jacuzzi and Sauna. The Jacuzzi was in front of the bedrooms patio doors.

Aaron said, "I am sorry I have my things in the bedroom. You can have the bedroom tonight and I will take the couch."

I felt guilty about him having to take the couch but thought it was better him than me. I settled into the main bedroom. There was a very romantic feel to the whole cabin. There were candles strategically placed and the art work was very romantic. There was one painting that really caught my attention. It was placed facing the bed and was more erotic than romantic. The painting was very classy. Aaron noticed me looking at it, "I drew this during my time in Barcelona. I was playing basketball in Europe and picked up art as a hobby in Europe."

I found that impressive, especially as he described himself as the good for nothing brother. I was mesmerized by the painting. It was two bodies intertwined. It was a side on view and you could see the hints of breasts and the penis entering the vagina without it being vulgar. It had a real subtle quality which was amazing for an amateur. I said, "It is amazing. The cabin is really romantic and beautiful. Do you bring your wife or girlfriend?"

I don't know why I asked that. It seemed inappropriate to ask someone I had just met. As I was looking at the painting he put his arm around me. I did not mind the contact. He said, "I do not have a wife or girlfriend. You should have brought your partner. It was designed as a romantic getaway. Guests can book it when it is not being used by me or Nik. Or when Nik wants to let his pals use it."

As I was mesmerized by the painting his hand dropped lower to my ass. I was also offended as I thought he was referring to me, "I did not know about any of this. I thought it was Nik's."

I abruptly removed his hand from my ass. He was being lecherous. The opposite of Nik who is a gentleman.

He said, "I did not mean you. I am sorry. I just mean Nik is always using the cabin as a way of gaining favours. It sometimes irks me when random people turn up. But I don't mind you. You seem really nice and I hope you enjoy your time here. I will leave tomorrow so you can enjoy it by yourself."

Hearing him talk about leaving in the morning made me wish he could stay a little longer. His company had me forget about the events of New Years Eve and the flowers. I was just lost in conversation with Aaron and discovering more about him.

He was a dreamboat and I did not get attention from men like this often.

I got into something more comfortable and I went out to the lounge area. Aaron was sat in a t shirt and sweatpants. I was wearing a silk night dress and I also had a silk robe.

He was lounging on the sofa but as I walked in his eyes were focused on me. Hr had a log fire burning which made him seem even sexier. He looked me up and down and he said, "You look absolutely stunning."

I blushed deep red. I felt like a schoolgirl getting attention from the quarter back. I was not wearing anything special. Just something to be comfortable in.

The cabin was clearly designed for couples and the couch was a coupled couch so I was forced to sit right next to Aaron. We were so close that his hand was resting against my exposed thigh as my nightdress rode up.

The touch seemed innocuous. I asked, "How do people pass the time here?"

He looked at me and smiled, "well most people fuck here."

I knew he was joking but for a moment I did not think it would be a bad idea. I laughed slightly nervously. He then said, "the cabin is strictly no internet or wifi. You won't get reception out here but we have some DVD's, board games and cards. Do you fancy some strip poker?"

He winked as he said this. I did not know if I could take him seriously or not.

I was tired and I wanted an early night. I said, "I am going to sleep soon so maybe we can play another night."

I retired to bed early and I was dozing off to sleep when I heard something crash against the porch doors. I woke up with a scream and within a minute Aaron came rushing in, he was wearing a robe.

I did not register it at first due to the fright. Aaron asked, "What happened? Are you ok? I heard a scream."

I was slightly shook up and I explained, "There was something that crashed against the porch door."

Aaron said, "It was probably something blown against the doors by the wind. I will look into it."

Aaron went out and came back a few minutes later. He must have been cold as the weather was terrible but it did not seem to phase him. He said, "It was just a broken tree branch. Nothing to worry about. I have locked all the doors."

I was still shook up and it was nice knowing I had him there as a protective figure. He was about to leave when I said, "Wait. I know this is a lot to ask of you. But can you spend the night in this room."

He looked over at the armchair and had a grimace, "I'm not sure I will be comfortable on that armchair but I will if you need me."

I felt guilty and offered, "The bed is plenty big and I don't mind sharing it."

I was in a new place and the incident had given me a real shock. Aaron was like a protector. I needed Aaron to stay with me but I also knew he was a pervert after he had grabbed my ass earlier. 

He said, "Ok. If you are sure about this. But I sleep completely nude. I am a nudist in my own space and I only wear clothes in public or when company is over. But when it comes to sleeping. I sleep completely nude. Is that ok?"

I knew this was a bad idea but I also did not want to be on my own tonight, "That is fine by me. I just don't want to sleep alone tonight."

He took off his robe and he was completely naked underneath. His cock was erect. I thought it would have been shriveled up from being outside in the cold but it was engorged and vibrant. I was incredibly turned on by the sight.

Aaron approached the bed and I pulled back the covers to let him in.

My nightwear was out of place. It was slightly too high on my thigh and too low for my cleavage but this is what happens when you try to sleep. I knew I was giving him an eyeful.

Aaron was a hunk in a non conventional way. He was older than me and I would have guessed around 50. He was balding but he was in good shape. He was obviously athletic in his younger days and he kept in good shape.

After he got into bed I turned to go to sleep. I felt a lot more comfortable with him next to me. It was after a while I felt his hand come around me. It was a nice feeling having a man's arm around you even if he was a relative stranger. I feigned sleep and thought I would enjoy this little secret intimacy. 

He seemed to be assessing my reactions as after a few minutes his hand moved from my waist up to my breasts. I tried not to react and he was tentative. He groped my breasts my gently at first over my night dress. It felt liberating pretending to sleep as I did not have to behave offended and push him away. I enjoyed his hands on my body.

I began to think that I actually enjoyed the attention of men that were more forceful. As he failed to sense a reaction from me his groping became more confident. He slid the straps of the night dress from my shoulders. I was not wearing a bra and I felt the night dress slip under my breasts. Oh god. How far was I willing to let him go? My breasts were on display for him already.

He began to play with my nipples. He was pressing against them with his finger. My nipples were sensitive and even this play got me excited and I rubbed my legs together trying to get some friction between my legs. He froze all of a sudden thinking I must be waking from my slumber but I soon stopped as I wanted him to continue. He waited a few moments and then continued. He began pressing my nipples. I tried to control my reactions as he began to further tease my nipples.
