 He awoke a short hour later. He slipped out from under her and gently laid her on the couch. He headed into the bathroom and hopped in the shower, his mind wandering back to the velvet like grasp of her pussy and the tight hot grip of her now unvirginal ass. The thoughts forced blood into his reawakening member. As he soaped, his had lingered on his now raging hard on. The soap making him very slick, he slipped his hand up and down his dick. Wishing she was awake and in place of his hand, he continued his jerking.

She felt him get up from under her and lay her on the couch soon she heard the shower running and she got up. He had left the door open so she moved over to look in. She saw him standing there with his eyes closed the water rushing down over his body and his fist moving quickly up and down his beautiful cock. She moaned quietly, not yet wanting to alert him of her presence and sneaked over to the shower stall. Slowly she bent in bringing her head close to his cock, wanting to just closely observe but she couldn't help herself. She leaned in and licked his tip. Quickly she stood up taking the shower curtain down as she went. 

He was getting very close to release. He could feel the pressure building in his balls, practically begging for release. Then he felt something he didn't expect. He felt her tongue on his head. His eyes shot open to see her jerk back and pull the shower curtain down. 

"Denise!" he exclaimed in shock. He finished rinsing and turned off the water. He turned to her and took her in his arms. She had look absolutely horrified. He helped untangle her from the curtain and led her out to the living room.

When the got to the living room, she took over and led him into the bedroom she had previously set up. She turned around and kissed him passionately, losing herself in the kiss, forgetting about the shower curtain. When she broke the kiss she fell to her knees and grinned up at him. 

"Now that I've had a taste, I need more," she said breathlessly. She guided his member to her mouth and engulfed him her lower lip now touching his balls. She held there a moment feeling his head in the back of her throat then began to slowly move up his shaft, rising to about half, then moving back down again slightly faster. She continued to move faster and faster, her hand on his hips urging him to control the movement.

"Mmm, baby," he moaned as she deep throated him. He could feel her tongue caressing every surface, including the top of his balls. He welcomed her urging's for him to control. He fucked her face faster and faster, knowing he was almost at the point of no return. He felt the pressure build beyond the strength he had witnessed in the shower, surprised that he still could be this aroused after his earlier performances today. The memory of him sliding in and out of her tight ass sent him over the edge as he tensed and released deep in her throat.

She moaned as she felt his hot cum oozing down her throat. She enjoyed his taste and was slightly disappointed when he could give no more. She vowed she would wake him up nicely the next morning. When she stopped, He laid back on the bed to catch his breath. She curled up next to him content with cuddling for a while.

Finally she broke the silence, "So how in the world did you put this together?" She was still utterly amazed that she was seeing him again.

"I remember you mentioning it once, so i looked it up," he shrugged. "I made all the arrangements from home, the internet is a wonderful thing."

She smiled, "ya know what i think it's time for? Dinner!"

They got dressed and went to a cute little diner in town. It was on the lakeshore and the view was marvelous. After dinner they returned to the cabin and decided to go for a swim. The changed into their suits and she showed him to the secluded little beach on the other side of the trees. It was a small clearing by the shore. There was a picnic table and a grill. A small strip of sand lined the water. they laid their towels down on the grass and headed to the water. While in the water, they kissed and laughed, caught up with each other. 

He thought he could remember her mentioning a fantasy, but it had been a year since she had told him. He wasn't sure that he memory was serving him correctly but it was all he could think about. The water was pretty deep and she had her legs wrapped around his waist, her arms around his neck. Their faces were inches apart. He moved a hand under her thigh and lightly touched her covered lips. By her squirm, he knew she liked it and was wanting more. He moved her suit aside and trailed his finger around her hole. He pushed a finger inside, feeling her velvety warm. He moved his finger in and out as she squirmed against his stomach. His cock fully engorged straining on his suit as he adds another finger. He uses his other hand to free his member then guided her lower. He removed his finger and placed his cock at her entrance. Slowly he moved in, his eyes glued to hers. It's slow going at first but as she gets wetter he glides more smoothly in her depths. He moved her hips up and down, moving slightly faster with each thrust. She moved a hand down stimulate her clit, rubbing it in circles, pressing lightly at times and harder at others. Their eyes never leaving each others. The build together, gauging by the expressions how close the other is. He would slow his strokes as she'd quicken her ministrations. Soon they are both teetering on the brink, needing just a small push over the edge. She smiled at him and they were both overcome, their moans of pure ecstasy echoing over the lake. Neither caring that there are people at the beach on the other side of the trees.

They climbed out of the water as the sun was about to set and grab their towels. He wrapped her up in hers then himself and they head back through the trees. When they reach the cabin, both of them strip and dry off, climb into bed and fall asleep in each others arms.