 Sometimes I write little snippets, sometimes they are longer. Like snapshots of life, they occur to me and I must capture them. This is one that I wanted to share because I like it. It has some weird in it, man on trans man-girl, and some regular sex. But the real story is in between like a waffle holds the butter and syrup but isn't anything without the actual waffle.

I hope you enjoy this one timer. Don't forget to vote and tell me what you think.

*****

I knocked and the door swung open, "Hello ma'am. I'm Vince from the cable company. You received a letter that we would be out to do a mandatory maintenance to your service. I have you down for this time block per the call from our office and I'm here to do the work." She swung open the door and stepped back. I was really getting tired of the same line over and over. I did twenty apartments a day of this, at least for right now. All so we could add a small device that helped reduce line noise for the whole city. It wasn't hard work, but it was grueling, boring, occasionally back breaking as we got into small places and moved things out of the way. 

"I'm Julie," she said in her creaky voice. "I need to get ready for work." She walked me into the living area to the television. "I didn't have time to pull stuff out of the way. Once you have it out and you get done, just push it back where it was, okay hon? Do you know how long you'll be?" 

"Yes, ma'am," I replied trying not to show my exasperation. "It won't take more than fifteen minutes to actually install the device. This access looks quick, so not much more than that." 

"Good, I have to get to the diner for my shift," she said. "I leave in half an hour." Then she sashayed out of the room and had the robe off before she even hit the doorway, showing off the cottage cheese on the back of her thighs.

'Why don't I ever get the hot ones?' I thought. Ah well, I went to it. She had a bunch of stuff piled around the shelves she used as an entertainment center. I looked down behind the television and found a good spot, then just moved a few things on the bottom shelf and was able to access what I needed. I had some six inch extenders that I had precut and tipped. I pulled one out and installed the device. Then I turned on her television and went to the menu and set it up. It was fast and I finished quickly. I turned and she was sitting on a chair watching. 

"All done, Vince?" she asked and stood up. As she uncrossed her legs she showed a view of her pink panties and the tops of her charcoal stockings held in place by a pink garter. She was dressed in a waitress outfit. A kind of light blue dress to mid thigh. But under it, she had on some sexy underwear. "Thanks for being so quick, hon," she said as she stepped closer. "If I wasn't already running late, I'd give you a tip." She laid her hand on my chest and gazed up at me with nothing but sex in her eyes. 

I smiled, "That's not necessary, ma'am," I replied with a smile, "I'm just doing my job. Thanks for using Drewcast. We appreciate your business." 

"Sure thing, hon," she said. And I fled. That was a bit much for me. It isn't that I don't like women or think I wouldn't have done something either. It was more than I thought I would. I am pretty randy usually, well, okay, always. Even with Julie, who had to be sixty or seventy, I had an erection that was making itself known with every step. 

Two more places before lunch. I checked the schedule. They were up two floors. I hit the elevator. 

==========================

Lunch came and I checked my phone. One text, from my co-worker that was working the building across the street. No lunch today. She texted me regularly and I checked on her to make sure she was okay. There were not a lot of women doing this job and we men watched out for them as much as possible. And Tina, well, she was cute, once you got her out of coveralls into nice clothes and she brushed out her hair, put on makeup. 

"So, did you find Mr. Right?" I asked back. It was our code phrase. Her answer determined whether I would track her down or not. 

"No, I found Mr. Indifferent," she replied. It was the right answer. I relaxed. She probably had to do extra in one of the units. Like I almost had to with Julie this morning. If I'd had to move all that stuff and put it back. Wow, don't even want to think about it. 

I popped into the deli and sent Tina a text, "Pastrami sandwich?" It was her favorite and we spotted the place yesterday. She was excited to try the new deli. 

"Yes," came the reply. "I got behind. Trying to catch up and starving." 

"Apartment number?" I asked and she sent it to me. "I'll text from outside. You can take five minutes. We'll eat." 

I got a smiley face back and I ordered our lunches. We'd been doing this for a couple months now and this was our last street. These two buildings then the next and we would be done and hopefully off to better things. So, I knew what she liked. I got her one of the mini cupcakes they had for sale as well. That reminded me, her birthday was next week. Since her family was mostly gone and her "asshole boyfriend" was as well, she didn't really have many people outside of work in her life, just her sister in LA, across the country.

I zipped up to the tenth floor and stepped out. There was a balcony at the hallway end with a couple tables. I texted Tina and said, "Am here. Almost done?" 

I got one of those animated smiling faces where the head nods. I never can figure these things out, but I do think they are cute when I get them. I slip the phone back in my belt and wait by the balcony. It was maybe a minute later the door opens and Tina spots me, then waves at the customer and heads to me. 

I hold open the door and we move to a bench and sit looking out at the city. "Ah, goddess, it feels good to let my muscles relax," she said with a moan. She began to unwrap her sandwich and turned and looked at me. "I had a guy this morning, he had his television attached to the ceiling with the box behind it on a little platform. He had no ladder. I had to stand on a chair, a rickety, nasty smelling chair. He sat there the whole time, watching me, cackling softly. It was creepy." 

I laughed and handed her the little bag with her cupcake in it. "I thought you might like a little something special since you are running behind," I said and she smiled and pulled it out. It was spice cake with cream cheese frosting. Her favorite cake. 

"Aw, Vince," she said, "Thanks." Then she stretched up and pecked my cheek and we sat to eat. 

"I had a lady this morning," I said, "She was like seventy. Pulled off her robe on the way to change, then spread her legs to show me her pink panties and garter belt. She told me if she wasn't running late, she'd give me a tip." 

She laughed and we ate for a minute, "Vince, tell me the truth," she said. "am I too much of a tomboy? I mean, you've seen me outside work. I don't understand why Tim did that to me. And why can't I get over it, maybe find someone new to take my mind off of him?" 

"No, Tina," I said carefully. "You are a beautiful woman. It is our crazy schedule. I can't find someone either. It is like this week. They took away two of our morning hours and put them in the evening. How can we date when we work until eight every night?" 

"Yeah, you're probably right," she said with a sigh. "I just. You know, I haven't worn one of my dresses for two months, ever since I've been single." 

"I tell you what," I said suddenly. "Your birthday is next week." Her eyes widened. I get that, mostly because I remember stuff. Stupid stuff a lot of the time, but birthdays and names, always. "Why don't we plan a night on the town? You wear a hot dress, I'll wear my good suit. We'll have a nice dinner at Tony's, then I'll see about something nice to do. We'll make it an evening."

"Really?" she asked excitedly. "That would be awesome. You are a really good friend, Vince. I am so happy to have met you and to have this boring ass assignment." 

We laughed and she wrapped half her sandwich and enjoyed her cupcake quickly. Then she stood and brushed off. "Done already?" I asked. 

"Yeah, if I get the next one done before the end of lunch," she said, "I am all caught up and back on schedule." 

"Until the next guy," I said with a smile. She laughed and laid her hand on my shoulder for a moment, then she was gone. Happy Tuesday!

Thursday after work, she went to visit her friend and the next day was all in a dither, "Oh goddess, Vince. I feel so great today," she said at lunch. 

"Really, well, spill," I said. If she was a guy, I'd say she got lucky. 

"I went to see Sandy last night," she said. "Well, Sandy had her boyfriend over and another guy, Ted. He is successful and cute and we talked for hours and hours. I didn't get to sleep until like four this morning. We have a date Saturday night!" 

She was excited, I could see that. Me, well, I was a bit crushed. But I couldn't let her see that. I plastered a big smile on my face. "That is excellent, Tina. So, what does this guy do?" 

"I don't know, he didn't really tell me exactly," she said but glossed it over and gushed about him for the entire lunch. 

"So, we're still on for next Friday night, right?" I asked at the end of lunch. 

She squeezed my arm and said, "Of course." then she was gone. 

I got a text from her a bit later, "Hey, I'm all done and heading home. Want me to hang in case you need help?" 

I tapped back, "No. am all good. Enjoy." 

"Okay, whacky days, wicked nights," she texted back her safety quip. I finished up my day about two hours later and it was the weekend.

================================

I did all the normal stuff I do on the weekends. I cleaned my shorts. I can't wear a lot of pants under those coveralls, so I wear bicycle shorts and tops. Then on the weekends, I ride. The ones I buy are specially designed to whisk the sweat away from your body and keep you dry and comfortable. Sunday was a race and I was entered. So, Saturday was cleaning, a bit of shopping and doing the stuff I needed to do for the week. I sent emails to my sister in Dayton and my dad in Florida. By the time I finished with my dad's email, I had a response with a short video attached from my sister. My nephew, Robert, was walking and almost two years old. He was so cute, I smiled and told my sister I thought she was doing great. She told me she was pregnant again and that she and Dan decided it would be there last. They were heartbroken when she lost the one in between and this one was an accident. Dan was scheduled to go in for a vasectomy in a couple weeks to make sure whether the baby was safe or not. I told her to make sure he donated some sperm just in case they changed their mind and she sent me back a kissy face. 

Then I checked on my buddy Norm. He was excited to hear from me and asked me to come out for some beers. But with the race the next day, I declined. Reminded, he asked for the info and said he would be there when I finished. 

Then I went out and looked around at store windows and popped in to a little bar around the corner from my place. I had a drink and was getting ready to leave when Sissy, the waitress said, "Hey Vince. That girl in the red shirt at the end of the bar, she wanted you to have this." Then Sissy set down a drink and walked off. I have never been on the receiving end of a drink buy before. I really didn't want another drink, but hey, it is just a shot. I looked over at her. She was cute, skinny, business dress with a long knee length skirt and red button up with long sleeves. Her hair was dark brown and she had light red lips. I thought, 'Why not?' and slammed the shot. 

She smiled and walked over. I pulled out the seat next to me and she slipped into it. "Hi, I'm Sally," she said and stuck out her hand. "I've never done this before, so I am a bit nervous." 

"I'm Vince, Sally," I said, then smiled and continued, "Should I lead the conversation or let you lead it? Usually, when I buy the drink the onus is on me." I shook her hand like you are supposed to shake, then just held onto it as she settled into place. She seemed content with that and looked me over.

"Ooo, nice diction and presentation," she remarked positively. "I think I would love to listen to you talk." 

"So, what's a beautiful woman like you, doing in a dive like this, looking so damn hot, yet all alone?" I asked and rubbed my thumb over her knuckles. 

She leaned a little forward and her shirt gapped enough to display some nice cleavage. "Well, just between you and I, I was bored," she said. "I am staying with a friend while I am in town for a week. My friend is out with her boyfriend and well, I was just sitting in the apartment. So, I got on clothes, I really only brought work clothes, wandered outside and found this gem. Now, here I am sitting with a handsome man and feeling good." 

I leaned forward and kissed her lightly on the lips. "Thank you, darling," I said. "I cannot recall the last time a pretty woman called me handsome." 

"Do you live near here?" she asked and bit her lip. 

"I do, just a block and a half away," I said. 

"Would you like to go there to talk?" she said as the jukebox started a rowdier song. 

I stood and held on to her hand. "Do you have a jacket?" I asked and she nodded. It was on the rack and I slipped the short leather coat on her arms and shoulders. She captured my arm and we walked. 

"I hope you don't think I am being slutty," she said. "I don't know why I feel so comfortable with you. I just feel..." 

I turned her to the wall and kissed her then. Her arms came up around my neck and pulled. She was slight and weighed almost nothing. My arms wrapped around her waist and it felt good. I was instantly on alert, my pants full. I groaned and broke the kiss.  

She whined and said, "How far?" 

I walked her to the entrance and keyed the code. In we went. We made out like high school students in the elevator. By the time we were on my floor, I was cupping her ass and she had one foot around the back of my legs. We went in the apartment, I dropped keys in the bowl, locked the door and turned to find her stripping off her jacket after she had removed mine. Her red lips quivered slightly as she looked at me and I kissed her again. I lifted and carried her to the couch.

"What has come over me?" she asked dramatically. "I find myself with no control, filled with desire. Tell me you won't hurt me." She looked up at me with that earnest look in her eye and I would have promised anything in that moment. 

"I promise, baby," I said and she was unbuttoning her blouse. I pulled off my tee and kicked out of my shoes. Then looked up as she removed her bra. She had gorgeous breasts, medium sized with big areolas and erect nipples. I took them in my hand and one nipple in my mouth. She unzipped her dress and stepped out of it. Then she went to her knees and unbuckled me, pulled my pants and underwear down and wrapped her lips around me. She could suck a cock like no woman I have ever been with before. 

I groaned and she moved my hands from her shoulders to her head. She looked up at me with her brown eyes as she popped me out of her mouth and said, "Fuck my mouth, honey. Fuck my nasty mouth and throat." 

She sucked me in as I pulled her head and let her hands fondle and pull on my balls, backing off my orgasm while I fucked her face. Then she slipped me into her throat and hummed. The vibration was incredible and I almost lost it right then. But she popped me out and licked for minimal stimulation. "God don't stop." 

"Honey, I don't want you to cum in my mouth," she set petulantly, "I want to feel you dump your cum in my nasty ass. Will you do that for me? Will you cum in my nasty ass?" 

I groaned as she licked the length of my cock then stood, pulled lube from her purse, spread it on my dick, turned around and guided me into her ass. I didn't get much of a chance to look at it, but what I saw of her ass was premium. Rounded and well shaped with her puckered little hole now filled with my seven inches of cock.

"Goddess yes, honey, fuck my ass," she said. "You feel like heaven. I've never felt so full. Now, pound this little slut and make me cum." 

I pounded into her hard, sliding my lubricated dick all the way in to her depths. Each stroke was punctuated by a moan from her and groan from me. I was on the edge for a long time, stopping and grinding my cock when I needed to back off then racing ahead to pound this hot little slut again and again. I reached forward and grabbed her tits. Damn they were hot and sensitive. 

My pounding was having the desire effect, but soon, she was on her knees on the couch, then she was flattened more and more until I couldn't hold back. Her smile was big as she felt it more and more. "Honey, yes, honey, can't hold back much longer," she started and I was right there with her. 

"Me, too!" I said and took two strokes, slowed and two more, "not going to be able to stop." 

"Cum in my ass, it will... oh fuck... make me... cumming!" she cried out as we both exploded into orgasm. "Oh fuck. Don't move, wait, don't move." she said over and over. 

I couldn't really stop the twitching inside her spasming ass. We collapsed onto our sides, still connected and she kissed me. I ran my hand over her ass and looked. It was fucking gorgeous. And the line of her leg was stupendous. I ran my hand down her thigh then over the top of her stockings and up to her dick. 

I pulled back and stood in shock. She had a dick. "What the fuck?" I exclaimed.

"Oh baby, that felt so good," she said. "You needed it so much and I... I did too." 

"You're a guy?" I said querulously. 

"Well, not completely," he said. His voice was a woman's voice, those tits. "I am in the process of changing. I have to live like this, as a woman for another six months before they will do the operation. It was too much. I couldn't not get fucked. I needed it so bad. But you know, live as a woman. I had to, find a man, a straight man, to fuck me." 

"You tricked me," I said angrily. 

"No, not on purpose," he said. "I was just going to have a drink. Pretend for a while that I'd had the operation. That I was what I have been all my life, a girl, a real girl." 

I sat on the end of the sofa. "Oh god," I said. 

"I'm sorry, but you were so hot," he said. "You needed a release so badly. And I, well, I needed it too." Then he rolled over. "Think of me as a she, look it is just this one part." She pulled out a wallet like thing from her purse. "In a few months, it will look like this." Then she held a picture in front of her little package. "I don't like to stick it in things, I don't like to tug on it. I can barely get my own relief when I need it." 

"Why didn't you say something?" I asked. "In the bar, on the way here." 

"Would you have fucked me?" she asked. Then she pulled up her panties and tucked herself underneath. She suddenly looked like a girl again, a sexy, lovely, fuckable girl.

"No, probably not," I said. "I am not sure whether I could again." But I looked at her tits and he legs and rounded ass and knew I could. When I saw her face fall I took her hand and pulled her next to me on the couch. She sat carefully and glanced to the side. 

"Um, I made a mess," she said with a smile as I put my arm around her. I pulled her up onto my lap. "I'll clean it up." then she leaned over and slurped it off the couch and swallowed it down. She looked at me. "Just damp now." 

"I have a bike race in the morning," I said, "over at the park. I... I would be willing to give this a try as long as you aren't waving that thing around."

"Really?" she said. "After I seduced you?" 

I laughed, "Here I thought I was the one that seduced you." 

She kissed me. I popped a woody. Fuck I was such a man.
