 The walk back to the condo was relaxing. Without the music and the dirty dancing we had a civil conversation and I was feeling more at ease. Besides, once we got back to the condo there was really nowhere to go and be alone.

We went down to the beach and she and I talked for about thirty minutes. Then she leaned over and kissed me. When she withdrew, she said "Lets find somewhere to go fuck." That was it, I was all in.

My room was out because I didn't need my six friends walking in on us. Even though it was a two bedroom suite, there was nowhere to hide. I work pretty closely with all six of them, and all of their wives are friends with my wife. This made my room a poor choice. It turned out that she was in a one bedroom condo with her two friends so we were a bit S.O.L.

Just then I spied the cabana on the beach. It was about 1:30 am and the place was dead. I led her into the cabana and found a couple of massage tables in the corner. I closed the curtains and put them together.

We hopped up on them and I offered her a massage. She slipped the straps off her shoulders and her dress fell to the floor. She hopped onto the table wearing only her bra and a g string. I quickly got naked and slid beside her on the table. I undid her bra and placed her face down on the table. I climbed on top of her and straddled her legs. I confess I am an ass man, and I admired the most perfect ass I have ever seen. I slid the g-string off and she moaned softly. Just as I started my erotic back massage that turns women into putty, I heard a voice from outside, "Sir it is security, that cabana is closed."

No way this was happening! Everything was perfect until this point. Well, maybe it was divine intervention, karma, whatever. At this point we got dressed and left the cabana. Fortunately security wasn't upset and they just let us go. We wandered for about 20 minutes and were about to say goodnight when her roommates walked by. They didn't see us, but Kara said they slept in the bedroom and she had the pullout, and in about 20 minutes we would have privacy. I could see my roommates had returned and no privacy was available in our suite.

Somehow, the next 20 minutes passed and we slowly entered her room. All was quiet and there was a hat on the doorknob. We weren't sure what that meant, but we weren't going to ask. She quickly led me to the pullout which had already been turned down. In our hasty retreat from the cabana, she hadn't bothered putting on her underwear, so she slid out of her dress again. There was soft light in the room which gave me a great view.

She was incredibly gorgeous. Her long brown hair flowed around her glowing face and her eyes sparkled with excitement. Her perfect C-cup breasts stood at pert attention. Beneath her breasts lay an incredibly toned flat abdomen which led to a silky smooth shaved mound. Her labia were full and round. I was in heaven. She laid down and patted the bed. There was no turning back now.

I quickly disrobed again, and I saw the pleasure grow in her eyes when she saw my penis. I admittedly have a very fit body and engage in multiple sports. I've never thought of my member as large, but it is average length and has much more girth than average. Like all men, I wish for that extra inch, but you have to use what you were given. Anyway, I sensed her approval which went a long way in getting me excited.

I laid down next to her and we explored each others bodies with our hands. It was obvious we were both pleased. It was like discovering a new world. Every crease, bulge and valley was mapped with our hands. We chatted nervously, both of us saying that we had never done this before. Which was true for me and, I believe, true for her as well.

She turned to me and said "I really want to do this, do you?"

I replied that I did. It was a once in a lifetime experience that I did not intend to pass up. Unfortunately, I had no protection with me, but she assured me that she was covered. Once our consent was mutual our hands found their way to their respective targets. She was more than wet and as I placed my finger at her vaginal opening and kissed her, I could smell her desire. I was about to start my usual pussy caressing, when whe abruptly pulled my hand away and buried her head in my crotch. She licked my testicles and slid her tongue up my shaft. I looked down in ecstasy as this beautiful woman expertly brought my penis to full attention. She stopped and smiled at me then hopped on top and placed my cock at her vaginal opening.

She slowly worked her way down until her cunt had swallowed every inch of my cock. She grinned at me and said "Mmm that feels better than I ever thought it would."

I really had no reply. She leaned in closely and said "I've wanted to fuck you since day the first day I saw you." 

I was a little surprised because I really couldn't tell, but that didn't really matter now. I let her ride me for what seemed like forever and she came at least once. I was trying my damndest not to cum quickly and was holding out well. My penis never left her as we switched positions a half dozen times. We ended up in missionary and we were pounding away at each other. Our thrusting was animal intense. Our pelves would meet and grind with equal force in perfect rhythm. Without a doubt I was having my best sexual performance ever. After about twenty minutes of intense pounding, I felt that familiar pressure in my balls. I told her I was going to come and she pulled me tighter towards her and wrapped her legs around me. She squeezed every last bit of air out of me as my ejaculate flowed into her pussy. It was like a fountain of cum was overflowing out her cunt. Finally, I dismounted and we laid there silent catching our breath.

She got up to get some water and I went to the bathroom. I looked in the mirror disbelieving what had just happened. I didn't really know how to feel. I had just cheated on my wife with a woman who had just cheated on her husband. I felt a little guilty, but it had been the best sex I had ever had. I walked out to the room and found her on the bed beckoning me back over. I looked at the clock and couldn't believe it was 3 a.m. already. My plane left at 9:30 and I needed some sleep. But I wasn't going anywhere yet.

I laid back down and we shared our thoughts about the sex and the cheating. It seemed we were both in agreement; best sex ever, worth every moment, and something that probably wouldn't or couldn't happen again-especially as perfect as it was. 

She told me she came multiple times which I believed. Plus she told me she "liked my size." Apparently I was much larger than her husband and she had never really had experience with a penis as big as mine. I didn't really let this go to my head since I knew I was just a little above average. Of course, I didn't need to tell her that. If she thought I was King Kong, OK by me!

It became fairly obvious we weren't done with each other yet, and she began pulling at my cock again. I was bit knackered from our first go around and needed a bit more refractory time, but with time rapidly fading I steeled myself for another round.

Quite honestly, my penis was barely up to the challenge. I couldn't get it as hard as it needed to be as indeed she was very tight. I told her I needed some water and got a drink. When I came back I was completely flaccid and wasn't sure round 2 was going to happen. I had to try. So I suggested we 69, as this is something that always turns me on. 

I had forgotten that she hadn't cleaned up and I buried my face into her pussy to find I was eating my own cream pie-something I had never done before. The taste was interesting. I could definitely taste and smell my cum, but mixed with her sweet pussy juice it was so yummy. The smell and taste had my mind reeling and my cock hardening. Hard as ever now, I stopped and reversed myself and entered her. 

We started engaging in an epic fuck. With every thrust we were in perfect sync. Doggy style, reverse cowgirl, one leg up. She scratched my back and dug her nails into my flesh. It was all good. Her skin was like butter and her flesh was firm as I massaged and pulled her buttocks to me. She was cumming again and again, and I felt like I could last an hour. Time stood still. Finally back in missionary I started pounding her pussy as she screamed in ecstasy. Her head was off the bead and she was cumming wildly and loudly!

I buried my cock deep in her as she squeezed me with her legs and left another load deep inside her. I rolled off wet with sweat and cum. We caught our breath and chatted some more. Neither one of us had any regrets. We lamented the fact that she lived in California and that I lived in the Midwest. I told her that she was the greatest and that this was the best sex I had ever had and she related the same to me. She asked if sex always lasted that long for me. Although I had been able to extend a bit longer than usual it wasn't much longer than my regular time. I told her that usually it was a little shorter, but not by much. I sensed that maybe she wasn't getting the best sex at home.

About this time I looked at the clock and about shit my pants. It was 5:30 a.m. I had to go. We said our goodbyes and I dressed. A part of me didn't want to leave, but a part of me did. Fortunately, I didn't have any way of changing my plans.

I headed back to the condo and found everyone passed out. I laid down on the couch and caught 30 minutes of sleep. I was awoken by our leader and told I had twenty minutes to get packed and down to the airport van.

I made it but just barely. Of course everyone wondered where I had been. Since no one witnessed anything I had plausible deniability. I used this to my advantage although I'm sure they have their doubts that we just went for a walk and talked. Still, they all passed out about 3 a.m. so they didn't really know when I got back. My little secret. As I went to the airport bathroom I remembered I hadn't showered yet. My cock was damp and crusty, and I couldn't resist smelling our sweet intermingled juices one last time as I put my fingers to my nose.