 The hot Brazilian sun shone off her thick red hair as she tromped down the "suggestion" of a path through the dense jungle. Her skin already a salmon shade of pink even under the SPF 40 she had slapped on before setting out. She'd been in the small village a week before one of the locals had suggested this hike and had drawn her a small map.

She was headed to the Penetração waterfall, something she could not resist when the natives told her of the legend surrounding the place....apparently those that swam in the pool below the falls, was visited by one of the spirits of the rain forest, his name was Paixão. Apparently he was the spirit of fertility or something like that. She had only understood about half of the rapid Spanish as they told her the tale.

She mopped the sweat from her brow and had almost decided that she was lost when she heard the tell tale sounds of water crashing into water. She parted the thick jungle just to her right and drew in her breath, it was simply amazing. She dropped her pack and stared in awe.

The 30 foot fall was violently draining into a small much calmer pool of water. She hurriedly kicked off her boots and waded knee deep into the cool water, sighing blissfully as her submerged skin cooled immediately and dimpled, her head went foggy for a moment, and she breathed deeply to steady herself as she took in the lush surroundings all around her.

She stilled as she noticed a movement in the pool.

Arms came up out of the pool, big strong tanned arms stroking through the dark water moving quickly.

She moved fast, stepping from the cool water and back up into the trees and vines surrounding the hidden pool. From there she watched the swimmer approach the bank, only feet from where she stood.

He stepped from the water; it sparkled against his bronze skin in the sunlight as is cascaded over his muscular form. He was totally and beautifully naked and she couldn't help her mouth falling open. He was, simply put, one of the most gorgeous men she had ever seen. Buff, tanned and toned. He stood about 6 feet tall with a light covering of dark hair on his immense chest. This trailed down his tight abdomen, as did her eyes to his cock, which was hard and jutting proudly out from his body. He moved leisurely to lie back on the green grass along the shoreline.

She felt the stirrings in her body as she let her eyes wander over him. His arm shielded his eyes from the hot sun and his body steamed as it dried in the hot tropical sun. He flattened his hand against his hard stomach and slid it lower until he had gripped his hard cock in his fist.

She moaned low as his hand clasped himself and started to stroke. His hips lifted as he slid his hard cock through his fingers over and over. She watched him unabashedly as his muscles rippled and flexed with his movements. Her pussy was getting very wet as she watched but she couldn't help it, she was getting turned on.

Without tearing her gaze away, one of her hands undid her shorts, the other slid inside to meet her heated skin. As she watched him stroke his hard cock faster, and heard his low moans she pushed her fingers through the lips of her throbbing sex, trying very hard to be quiet.

She brushed her fingers over her hard clit and couldn't control a loud moan escaping from her lips, He jerked upright and he was suddenly in front of her, his hands on her wrists pulling her from her hiding spot before she could even register that he had heard her.

"Oh god," she stammered, his deep brown eyes boring into hers as her entire face turned what she was sure was the color of a strawberry, "I'm so sorry, I... umm...oh my god....I'm sorry!...I didn't see anything! Please, let go!"

She tried to tug her hands away as he spoke to her very fast and what she thought was angrily. She didn't know what language he spoke, it defiantly wasn't any type of Spanish she'd heard before. He pulled her body flush with his, pressing against her knees to shoulders. His hands moving to her slim hips as he rubbed his hard cock against her bare stomach. Then grabbing her ass, he bumped his cock against her throbbing clit.

"Você é meu... você pouco slut... que toca-se em quando você me prestar atenção," He spoke rapidly, hungrily. "Eu tê-lo-ei você, mim devo prová-lo!"

His hands ripped her shorts down her legs as he kneeled in front of her slim form. She seemed glued to the spot as this happened, her mind a blur. Her sex pulsed as he leaned closer; his hands gripped her ass and pulled her pussy hard against his mouth. She cried out as his hot tongue hit her nub, her hands fisting in his raven hair. He licked her again and again; he stabbed and circled, sucking it into his mouth until she started to buck her hips, she had moved one leg over his shoulder leaving her whole sex open for his mouth to devour. 

Her cries echoed all around her, slightly drown out by the sounds of the waterfall. She ground her hips against his mouth, using his face as a tool until she couldn't hold back any longer. She came hard, opening her mouth and screaming out as her whole body shook, her sex spasmed as her hips ground her juices over his lips and chin.

He pulled her down and had her under him on the ground only a moment later. Her body still reacting from her orgasm, as he parted his legs and rubbed the head of his cock over the lips of her sex.

"Você é bonito quando você vem mim o quer agora meu peacock pequeno." He spoke softly to her as he slid his cock through the lips of her sex. She lifted her hips, trying to lead him inside not sure what he was saying to her and at this point really not caring. He angled and pushed slowly into her opening, moaning loudly as her body accepted him. Her pussy pulsed along his length as her legs lifted and wrapped themselves around his lean hips.

She arched her back, digging her heels into his lower back as he started to move, his cock pulling out then pushing hard back into her. Slow and steady at first then gradually gaining speed until if felt as if he was touching the opening to her womb. She lifted her hips with each stroke, taking him as deep as she could. Groaning out loud at the height of each stroke. She could hear the sound of his skin hitting hers. The crash of the waterfall in the background. The sweet smell of the fragrant grass she lay in.

Every sensation seemed to be amplified as she cried out and came again. His cock slamming hard and fast into her. He slowed then and moved his hands to her T- shirt, pulling it off over her head. Then his mouth was on her nipples, warm and wet. She held his head there as he feasted on her modest breasts like he was a starving man and she was the last morsel of food available. They pulled tight as he licked and sucked her. When he finally took his mouth away, she gave a slight cry, only to have him pulling her up, flipping her over and taking her by the hips as he knelt behind her.

He rubbed his cock against her clit, teasing her, his hands on her nipples pulling and pinching. He pushed inside with one stroke as his fingers squeezed her nipples hard. She arched her back, meeting his thrusts as he pounded against her. Hard and fast, he was completely ruthless. She was sure her cries could be heard from miles around when she came the next time. His mouth locked on her neck, his teeth brushing over her sensitive skin as his fingers teased her nipples. His cock never stopped driving into her, again and again, deeper and harder. His body went stiff and she knew he was there.

She tensed her muscles, squeezing him...milking his cock as he growled loudly and pumped himself into her. She came again with his cock twitching and jerking inside. Her whole body shook as they cried out in unison. Each in their own place as the release washed over them.

He pulled out of her then, falling onto his back beside her in the soft grass. He turned his head and graced her with one of the most amazing smiles she'd ever seen, his breathing still very rapid. His voice was gentle buttery and rich and only a whisper as he spoke to her again.

"Adeus, obrigado o bonito, você são magnífico."

It was then She came to her senses and moved to stand, slightly mortified at her actions with this complete stranger. Her legs felt very odd, almost chilled and her head hazy as her mind spun. She had managed to get erect when suddenly she fell backward....and landed unexplainably in the pool. Her breath was forced from her lungs as her whole body submerged into the cool water. She came up sputtering and spitting, her eyes scanning beach, then the pool for him.

She moved through the water and back to the bank. She looked down in confusion at her fully dressed and completely soaked body.

She was totally alone.