 As we drove home in the big car I sat snuggled up to John with my head on his shoulder, feeling sleepy and content.  Also sort of horny, but it was late and I really didn't think John would want to do anything but go to bed when we got home.  That would be okay as long as I got to go to sleep in my lover's arms.

By the time we got to the house, I was needing a kiss very badly.  I had gotten used to being held and kissed, and I needed a regular fix.  John parked the car and pushed the button to close the garage door, but he didn't get out.  He unfastened his seat belt, turned to me, and I was in his arms.  We were both so eager for our kiss that our teeth clashed, but we didn't care.  Our mouths were open wide as we kissed hungrily, and our tongues played with each other.  Our kiss seemed to release all the passion and need that had been building up inside me all day.  I took a handful of John's hair and used it to keep his mouth hard against mine, and my other hand roamed over his big shoulders and back.  I could hear myself making little noises.

John's hand slid onto my breasts and found my nipples already hard and erect in anticipation of his touch.  I used my free hand to yank my tee shirt up around my neck and in my armpits so his hand would be on my bare skin.  He squeezed and pinched my nipples a little roughly, and I would have told him to do it even harder if my mouth hadn't been busy.   We had never gotten passionate in the car before, but I didn't care, I would have done it on the front lawn if he wanted to.

He slid his hand down over my tummy and onto my thighs, and I opened them eagerly and raised my hips to help get his hand where I wanted it.  I put my hand on top of his and pressed it hard to my crotch and kissed him even more passionately.  It felt like my pussy was positively gushing, and I wished I had been wearing a skirt so he could reach my button or put a finger into me.  I put my hand in his lap and was delighted to find a big, hard Herman lying along his thigh inside his pants.  I started stroking him through the fabric, and he got even bigger. 

John popped open the snap at the top of my jeans and then started working the zipper down.  I got the idea and started unbuckling his belt and kicking off my sneakers.  I got his belt undone and was working on his top button when he got my zipper open, then he pushed me down onto the seat on my back, breaking our kiss.  Then we were both frantically working to get my jeans off me as quickly as possible.  I lifted up and pushed my jeans and panties down over my butt and hips while he pulled on the cuffs, and we had me bare except for tee shirt and sox in no time.  He quickly ripped his pants open and got them and his boxers down while I tried to figure out what to do with my legs.  John took an ankle in each hand and got one of my feet propped up on the dashboard and the other hooked over the back of the seat. 

He knelt on the seat behind the steering wheel, and Herman was sticking straight out, bouncing and looking right at me with his one little eye.  When John lowered himself to his hands and knees, I could feel the tip of his penis nosing around in my crotch, feeling for my entrance.  When I raised my knees to help him, Herman found the exact spot he was looking for.  I must have been really open and ready, because he gave one good shove and I had the full hot, hard, throbbing length of his penis buried to the hilt in my eager pussy.  It was cramped, the car seat was uncomfortable, my legs were in an awkward position, the overhead garage lights were glaring through the windshield into my eyes, the seat belt latch was digging into my side, the top of my head was jammed against the armrest on the door, and it was wonderful!

I used my arms to pull John down to kiss me, and when he did I stuck my tongue into his mouth as far as it would go.  He started moving Herman in and out of me, and I shifted my legs so I could hook my ankles around the backs of his thighs.  Then I used my gymnast's legs to lift my hips and meet him every time he thrust into me, and that got him really deep.  My face and neck  felt hot, and I started sweating.  John increased the tempo and force of his thrusts, and I held still for a moment to time it just right.  I knew I was about to come, and I wanted to make it a really big one.  When he pulled back almost all the way out I knew he was going to slam his penis into me really hard, so I jerked my hips up off the seat as hard as I could to meet him as he gave a really strong thrust.  Our pubic bones banged together, but I didn't care because it caused Herman's tip to crash into my cervix, and that's just what I wanted.

All the passion and wanting that had been released by that first kiss seemed to explode inside me when my orgasm started.  There was a sharp stab of pain when Herman's tip hit the far reaches of my vagina and kept going, but that only seemed to make my climax more intense.  It was like two bombs going off at the same time, one in my pussy and the other in my head.  Every cell in my body was suddenly having an orgasm.  It even felt like my hair was coming.  John was pounding his penis into me as deep and fast as he could, and I held my hips up as high as possible to let him penetrate me to my furthest depths.  Every deep thrust into my tender pussy reached a spot that sent waves of orgasm to every part of my body.  I screamed, I scratched, I sweated, I shrieked through clenched teeth, I strained, I cried, and most of all I  came.   I was being impaled, I was being hurt, I was being sweated on, I was being skewered, I was being stretched, I was being punished, and most of all I was being  fucked.   Wonderfully, totally, gloriously  fucked!  

I don't know if I had one long, huge climax or dozens of them without a rest in between.  Once I started coming, though, I didn't quit.  Instead of reaching the peak of my orgasm and coming down, that  hard, piercing plunge of John's penis sent me over and I just stayed there as he continued to ram into me.  Every time I started to come down from my peak even a little, a thrust from Herman would send me right back up there again.  Every time our sweaty bodies collided there was a wet  smack.   I completely lost all awareness of time and place.  I didn't care where I was or how long it lasted, I was  COMING  and nothing else existed for me.

Finally John's thrusts slowed, and I heard myself yell at him not to stop and to keep fucking me hard and fast.  I dug my fingernails into his shoulders and thrust my hips even harder to keep my orgasm going.  I was streaming sweat, and when I opened my eyes I could see a steady stream of sweat dripping off John's face and chest and down onto me.  My legs were shaking with the effort of keeping my hips raised to him, and our bodies were so wet that they slid against each other.  I was still trying to keep my climax going, but John kept slowing his strokes until he finally stopped.  I wasn't ready to stop coming, and I desperately kept trying to lift myself up to him to get more.  He finally put his hand on my chest and pushed me down flat on the seat, and that caused Herman to leave my vagina with a wet  plop .

I gradually started to become aware of where I was and what was happening.  John was kneeling sideways behind the steering wheel, looking down at me, and we were both gasping for breath.  My hair was soaked, and the leather upholstery under me was hot and wet.  I had no idea how long my orgasm had lasted, but it had obviously been the longest I'd ever had.  John asked me if I was okay, and I was able to tell him I wasn't really sure but I thought so.  He said that he had gone on as long as he could, but he finally just had to stop.  He told me that I had come continuously for over ten minutes, and he had gotten worried about me.  He had never seen anything like that before, and he was afraid I was going to hurt myself. 

John turned on the seat and opened his door.  He stood up and pulled his pants, shorts, and shoes off and left them on the garage floor.  He came around to my side, opened the door and told me to sit up.  I was so weak and exhausted that he had to help me.  My soaked tee shirt was still in a wad up under my chin and in my armpits, and even my sox were wet from all the sweat.  John helped me off with my shirt and sox, and we just left them on the floor.  He had to help me out of the car, and I could hardly stand up when he got me out.  He said he was too weak to carry me, but he put his arm around my waist and helped me into the house.  The only article of clothing between us was his sweat soaked shirt.  

The next morning we decided to go out to breakfast.  The first things we saw were wet, still-sweaty clothes strewn all over the garage floor.  The car had been closed up all during the warm night, and when John opened the door for me I could feel a blush start in my scalp and travel all the way down to my toes.  Opening that door had released the odors that had been maturing in there overnight; a warm, humid, animal mixture of scents that could only be caused by hard, long, sweaty  sex.   If that scent could be bottled, it would probably sell like hotcakes.

It took a long time for me to get over blushing whenever I saw that big car, and that's all I ever needed to vividly recall that night when I had my wonderful Cacillac climax.

Thank you for letting me share my little story.  I think the female viewpoint on eroticism needs to be heard more.  Comments and feedback are always welcome.