 I had just pulled into the student center parking lot looking for the person I had agreed to drive up to the Dallas area. I was lucky to find someone heading away from campus this late after Christmas, most everyone else was heading back to start the Spring semester. I wasn't sure what the person looked like, I had seen something on the dorm bulletin board and had contacted the person by email. Suddenly I found myself looking for a person with the screen name Porsche 669.

I had described my car in the email so now I simply had to drive around the parking lot until someone recognized my car and flagged me down. Yeah, I didn't realize how bad an idea this was until I got here. So anyway, I was slowly circling the parking lot looking over all the students in the area. It seemed I was beginning to draw attention and I noticed a security vehicle pull into the parking lot when I heard someone yell out, "Hey, pewter Altima."

Jamming on my brakes, I looked in my mirror and saw attractive looking woman jogging up toward my car. I pulled over to the sidewalk, unlocked my doors and waited as she lugged her bag up to my car. Reaching over to open the passenger door, I watched as she opened the back door, tossed her bag in the back seat and then closed the door. She then poked her head into the car and smiled, exposing a huge chrome grille of braces.

"So you call your car pewter, not brown?" she asked, still standing outside the car.

"Yeah, that's brown," I said, pointing to a beat up Buick.

"Oh, okay, then yeah, this is pewter. You're heading up near Wichita Falls?"

"Well heading actually over to Amarillo, but Wichita Falls isn't too far out of the way. I guess you're Porsche 669, I'm Jimmy."

"Hi Jimmy, you can call me Porsche."

"That's really your name?"

"Yeah, my dad always liked the car, but never could afford it, so instead he named me Porsche."

"Okay, that's an interesting story. Hey, you're already like two or three weeks into the Christmas break, isn't it kind of late to be heading home."

She grimaced and said, "Nah, my grades came in and I'm heading home, back to the junior college."

"That's too bad," I replied as she climbed into the seat beside me and buckled her seatbelt.

I pulled out of the parking lot and then headed out to the freeway. We didn't talk much, which I didn't mind because traffic was pretty bad and I didn't want to be distracted. It was only after about thirty minutes, when we were on the freeway and well away from the city that she finally spoke again, "So why are you leaving school now?"

"Well, I graduated in December and I was just getting the last few things out of my apartment."

"So you live in Amarillo?"

"No, actually I live in Austin, I decided to take a year off and go see some sites."

"So you're going to Amarillo?"

"Yeah, the Cadillac Ranch, I've always wanted to see it."

"That the place where they half buried the cars?"

"Yep, I don't know, I just always wanted to see it and now here I go. And with you sharing the cost of the gas I'm even better... wait a minute, you're making a face."

"Well, about the gas, I ah... I was wondering," she said, resting her hand on my thigh, "I was wondering if we might be able to work something out."

"Work something out?"

"Yes, there is a rest area up ahead, why don't we stop there and talk about it."

I nodded, feeling a tingling in my balls. When she didn't move her hand from my thigh my cock began to harden. By the time I took the exit and parked my car in a back corner I was fully erect.

When Porsche reached up and unfastened my belt, I knew there was not a lot to talk about, so I simply unzipped my pants and eased my cock out. She immediately licked and spit into her palm and grabbed my cock like a stick shift and carefully coated it in her own 10W40 lube.

I reclined my seat as her left hand pistioned up and down on my stick shift while her right hand tickled my ball bearings. Feeling the pleasure rolling over my stick shift I was about to close my eyes when the sun reflected off the grille of her teeth. Gritting my teeth, I took a deep breath and watched as her mouth closed over the sensitive skin of my cock.

Fearing the sharp edges and wires on her teeth I was pleasantly surprised when her lips slid down the shaft and then she slowly lifted her head. I could feel her tongue flicker back and forth like windshield wipers on the smooth surface of my cock and I lifted my hips to push deeper into her mouth. Yes, it was a bit scary seeing that row of chrome sliding over the knob of my stick shift, but the sensation was so soft and wet that my engines just seemed to purr.

As she continued, she began pumping her hand up and down, faster and faster as I felt my body accelerating toward climax. She gently squeezed my ball bearings as she sucked hard and all I could do was grip the steering wheel and hold on. Feeling the pressure building in my ball bearings I moaned loudly and came, injecting my salty white fuel into her mouth in spurt after spurt. Settling back onto my seat, she polished the knob of my stick shift, sucking up the last drop of cum from me as my body coasted to a stop.

After a few moments she sat up and smiled, letting a white droplet roll down her chin and fall onto the console between us. She rubbed the white into the console shining it up better than my Armor-all ever did.

Although my stick shift had softened I didn't want it to end so I reached over and ran my hand up her inner thigh until my palm covered her crotch. It felt warm and damp but before I could do any more exploring she pulled my hand away and said, "There's another rest stop about fifty miles before we get to Dallas. If your stick shift is ready by then maybe I'll let you try it out in my Volvo, ah I mean vulva." She looked at me and giggled, squeezing my soft cock in her hand before slipping it back into my underwear.

I zipped up my pants but didn't bother fastening my belt before starting the car and squealing out of the rest stop. Accelerating down the entrance ramp all I whispered to myself, "To hell with the Cadillacs, I can't wait to see that sweet Volvo." I merged onto the freeway as Porsche leaned over and rested her head on my shoulder.