 Caela rang the bell and waited expectantly. She had been planning this for a while and whilst she was looking forward to seeing Andy's reaction she was still a little apprehensive. The speaker clicked and Andy's slightly disembodied voice asked who it was. When Caela replied the door was unlocked and Caela entered the building. A voice from the first floor told her to come on up and Andy's familiar face appeared over the banister as she started to ascend.

"Fantastic to see you, can't believe its more than two months since you left us, come on in," was Andy's opening enthusiastic burst. Caela carried on up and followed Andy into his large but modestly furnished office.

Caela had worked for Andy for over a year, mainly administration but some other work as well. Although not in the same office they had developed a friendly relationship based on banter and a wicked but shared sense of humour. Caela had felt sad when she managed to get a job with another organisation, but it was much more hat she had trained for, and to be fair Andy had been very supportive. In the last couple of weeks of her work her family had gone through a terrible time, with a close relative dying suddenly and her parents responding very badly to it. On the day of the news Andy had speedily dropped all his work with her, re-arranged his afternoon and taken her immediately over 100 miles in the company car to her folks. Even though it was close to the end of her time with Andy, he had still allowed plenty of compassionate leave, and Caela had only gone back for the last few days to help with a handover. 

Caela had not forgotten how much Andy had put himself out for her, nor the somewhat edgy, often flirty relationship they had and she had decided that now was the time to thank Andy for his efforts. She had considered all sorts of gifts before settling on the perfect one, assuming he would be happy to accept it. She had rung Andy in the week and after the usual catch up and innuendo ridden conversation Caela had suggested meeting up somewhere private to pass on her gift. Andy had been taken aback but had agreed quite readily, offering directions to his office which he knew he would have to himself for the afternoon in question. He was intrigued, as he hadn't seen Caela since her last couple of days at work, and then she had been withdrawn and pale, nothing like the bouncy, attractive woman she normally was. 

Andy stood aside to let Caela in, noticing the slightly breathless way in which she spoke. She was wearing a smart trouser suit, which was actually the one she had worn to the interview where Andy had appointed her. What he didn't realise was that underneath the smart, business-like exterior was something altogether different. After getting drinks and settling own for a catch up Caela was getting increasingly twitchy and looking around. She asked Andy for a refill and whilst he was out drew the window blinds on the now dark afternoon. She turned as Andy returned, frowning as he asked, "Is everything OK?"

Caela smiled at him and assured him all was fine, but that she didn't want the world to see the present she had for Andy as a thank you for all his support. She started to speak, a little nervously at first but wanting to do this properly as she was excited by the prospect of a positive reaction.

"I don't want you to interrupt, no matter how hard you find it not to! You were great to me at the end of my employment with you.. but there was always an undercurrent between us. A positive one, and I often wondered what would happen if we were in the same office together for any lengthy period of time. I also knew I wanted to thank you personally, and very specially, for the support and I came up with what I hope you will agree is a fantastic idea to answer both my questions. You see Andy, I am your present. I have decided to let you have me, for the rest of the afternoon and in whatever way takes your fancy."

There, she had said it without flinching or looking away and although she went slightly red as she finished she was pleased to see the look of surprise and dawning understanding on Andy's face as he took in her last words. He sat back and slowly smiled, raising his eyebrow to ask if it was now OK for him to speak. Caela nodded.

"Thank you, and I am pleasantly ... astounded. You are a very sexy lady and I miss the somewhat flirty conversations we could have when the others were not in your office. I rather like my thank you gift, but are you sure? Do you really mean 'whatever way takes my fancy'?"

Caela nodded again, not trusting herself to speak. He hadn't rejected her, and she was surprised just how tense she had been waiting for his acceptance. Andy moved across to where she stood and put his arms around her, drawing her towards him and giving her a hug. He noticed how she was still trembling, and her slim frame was testimony to the effect the family loss had had on her. Releasing her slightly he bent towards her and gently kissed her mouth. Her lips parted and they slowly mixed tongues, teasing each other and testing out the new sensations of an unfamiliar mouth and lips. Andy started to get a little more urgent, probing with his tongue, nipping at her lips and grazing her tongue with his teeth as she too became more engrossed.

Andy suddenly stopped and eased away, saying, "I think its about time I started unwrapping my gift a little to see if I can guess what's inside!" He then reached forward and gently, slowly eased the buttons open on Caela's jacket. Sliding the jacket off her shoulders Andy took it off and placed it carefully away from them. He stood back and sucked his breath in. Caela was wearing a very tight fitting white top. The flimsy white material clung to her pointed breasts, nipples clearly aroused and pushing the fabric out and showing that they were bare underneath the material. Andy lifted his hand and brushed the tip of her right nipple through the material and Caela shuddered.

"Very, very sexy. I think I know what might be inside the wrapping but as with all presents I do feel I have to check it out before unwrapping, its part of the pleasure!"

Andy stepped forward and put his arms around Caela again. She lifted hers to pull him in and they kissed hungrily again, tongues fighting for space. Andy let his hands drop to the top of Caela's trousers, and fondled her ass cheeks through the material. Caela knows she is slimmer than she would like but this is just fine for Andy. Her cheeks are small, high and tight under his probing hands. He is roaming wildly, seeking evidence of the underwear, the next layer of wrapping he might have to get past. His hands find the evidence - suspender straps clinging tightly to her body, faint lines of fabric offering a promise of more exciting visions to come. Andy's hands work away on Caela's cheeks, rolling them firmly, spreading them wider before dipping one hand down between her cheeks to gap where her thighs are kept apart by her waiting sex. Even as they kiss the noise from Caela changes, her moans starting to sound louder from between her lips, moaning into Andy's mouth. 

Andy steps back again and puts his hands on Caela's slim waist. Caela groans when they part but looks coyly at Andy as if to say 'come on then, get unwrapping'. Andy's fingers are sure as they undo the fastenings holding Caela's trousers up. Taking hold of the top he slips them down slowly, taking his time to watch as inch by inch her body is revealed further. First comes the bottom of the basque, which is now visible and is the reason for the straps holding up Caela's stockings. The basque is white so as not to show through her blouse, but clearly only quarter cup as Caela's nipples are pushing tightly against the blouse fabric. As the trousers slide a little further the tiniest wisp of shiny material and thinnest straps appear to be covering Caela's mound, dipping between her legs and hiding very little from Andy's hungry eyes.

Andy looked directly at Caela and smiled, but his face showed concern. "This is a fantastic way to say thank you, are you really sure you want to do this? Don't get me wrong, I would rather continue than stop but I don't want you regretting your gift later, I value your trust more than that."

Caela grinned impishly. "You better continue as I don't think you would get out of this room safely if you stopped now, but thank you for asking. Now please, put your present out of her misery and play with it properly!"

Needing no further indication Andy let Caela's suit trousers slip down her legs, pooling around her feet. Her long, slim legs were revealed, clinging shiny lycra stockings highlighting their shape. The shiny white stockings were offset perfectly by her heeled shoes. Andy sucked his breath in appreciatively as he motioned Caela to step out from her clothing. His cock was now hard inside his boxers as he took in the perfect, slim body waiting his next move. Waiting no longer he speedily undid the buttons on the front of the blouse, working fast as the sexual hunger began t take over. Shrugging off the blouse Caela grabbed Andy's head and pushed it down towards her now exposed breasts.

Andy wasted no time and fastened his lips on the perfect pink nipple facing him. Caela has small, pert almost perfectly round breasts, with small pink areola and hard, pointed nipples standing proud. Andy slid he tongue around the base of one of these round, mounds of flesh. His hunger was taking him over and he quickly traced his tongue in ever decreasing circles until it trailed across the erect nipple. Caela let out a sharp breath and pulled Andy's head in tighter. His mouth fastened on to the whole breast, sucking the small orb into his mouth and making Caela groan with pleasure. With the flesh firmly in his mouth his tongue lashed at the erect nub of flesh that sent shock waves to Caela's core, her moans becoming louder as Andy left the first and repeated his efforts on her other perfect breast. Caela was breathing heavily now as Andy continued to lash and slurp away at the hard button, whilst slipping his hand down her back and resting at the top of the firm, round cheek exposed to the air. 

Rolling Caela's cheeks between his hands Andy picked up Caela and placed her on the edge of the table behind her, perfect height for what he needed to do next. He spread her stocking clad thighs apart, knelt down and pushed aside the flimsy material covering her mound. Her sex lips were already engorged, slightly apart and glistening with the first drops of Caela's juices. Andy ran his hands lightly over the nylon-covered legs towards the stocking tops and bare flesh. His light touches were driving Caela mad as he slowly made his way towards her waiting pussy. He slipped a single finger between the outer folds and scooped up a little of her juices, bringing it to his lips and smiling at Caela as he sucked it in. Caela jerked at his touch and watched him through half closed eyes as he leant forward and repeated the move, this time with his tongue. The groans from Caela as he did this were confirmation that this was arousing her as much as him, and she tried to thrust her hips forward to impale herself on his outstretched tongue.

Andy grabbed her thighs again and took control, now licking more and more furiously at the pouting cunt lips as the juices began to flow. Caela was writhing and bucking above him as he dove in more and more, nibbling away at the little nub of hard flesh above her lips that was beginning to appear. Caela yelled as he did this, and ground her hot, wet flesh against his mouth. Finally Andy stood up, leaving her breathless and moaning "Noooo, please, don't stop.....". He quickly slipped off his trousers and boxers, freeing his hard, erect cock for the first time. Caela gasped as he picked her slight frame up and swiftly turned around and sat down on the large, office chair behind him. Positioning her carefully but quickly Andy lowered her down and her hot, tight cunt slid around his waiting shaft. More and more slid in as Caela yelled louder, his flesh driving inexorably home as she reached her first, noisy orgasm. As she was moaning and shaking her head wildly around she finally sank all the way home onto Andy's erect, hard flesh.

Even as Caela was completing her first, noisy thrashing orgasm Andy started to thrust upwards, lifting her frame up as he did so. As Caela realised what was happening she worked to join in with the movement, using her legs to help Andy lift her up and then pushing down hard as she sank time and again onto his raging member. It felt as if he was going deeper each time she sank back, and Andy could feel his own orgasm approaching. Not wanting it to finish here, with a final thrust in this position Andy stood again, holding Caela to him and wrapping her slim legs around his waist. Slowly walking back to his table Andy lowered Caela on to it and then surprised her by pushing her legs to the floor and slipping his hard cock from within her hot folds. Caela looked up, and raised her eyes as if querying what he was doing but before she had time to really get concerned Andy taken control again. He turned her around and leant her over the desk top, pushing her hard, round breasts down to the table's surface but presenting him with the perfect view of her fantastic, tight ass.

Quickly Andy slid her tiny excuse for underwear down her legs and she stepped out of them. Even as she was doing this Andy was easing the tip of his cock back into the waiting warmth of Caela's love tunnel. Wasting no time he slid home and started a new rhythm, and the change of angle was bringing immediate effects for Caela. She was moaning on the desk, spreading her legs to accommodate Andy even more, almost trying to pull him in deeper and deeper. Andy's thrusting grew more insistent as he pounded her from behind and Caela's moans grew louder before she cried out again, "AAARGHHH, yessss OOOhhhh god, don't stop..... " as she reached her second orgasm. Andy was getting close himself and didn't know how much longer he could hold back. Caela's perfect small tight buns were arousing him more and more as he held on to them and thrust harder and faster into her, rotating his cock as much as he could to reach deep into her cunt.

Caela was thrusting back to meet Andy's insistent pounding now, oblivious of her tortured nipples pressing into the hard desktop. As Andy approached his orgasm he slipped a finger into Caela's free running juices and used them to slick around her perfect, tight rosebud between her ass cheeks. Before she realised what was happening Andy slipped a finger into her rear hole, eliciting a startled yell from Caela before she groaned and settled back to her rhythm. Lifting herself up on her elbows she was able to thrust backwards more easily. Moaning almost to herself Andy could hear her, "Oooh no, not there, oh, god so good, surely not.. nooooo." As Andy's finger slid home he could feel his own cock pounding away through the thin membrane separating Caela's two love tubes. In doing so this was the final straw and Andy tensed up, straining to force the end of his cock as deep as he could as the first pulse of cum shot out and into Caela's steaming folds. As Andy was pulsing a second and third time, flooding her cunt with his cum Caela reached her own peak, yelling out again as she came long and loudly, arms thrashing around on the desk as she tensed up and gripped Andy's spasming cock.

Eventually they both calmed down, a thin sheen of perspiration on the two of them from the efforts and exertions of a fantastic, unexpected sex session. Andy leant down and nuzzled Caela's neck, whispering, "That was amazing, you were amazing - I have never felt as aroused or as hard as that, thank you." Andy could see Caela smiling as she replied, "Good choice of thank you gift then, eh??"

As Andy felt his member soften slightly he slipped out of Caela and stood up. Lifting Caela up and turning her around he wrapped his arms around her slight frame and pulled her in close, giving her a hard and passionate kiss as he did so. Stepping back he said cheekily, "I think I will keep some of my present wrapping to remind me of my gift, and I think you have more than completed your part of the bargain." With that Andy picked up the discarded knickers. Caela just smiled and asked, "How am I going get home decently, as it seems someone was rather excited when he came and left me with rather a lot to 'think about'!"

Andy could see her engorged labia was slowly leaking a mix of their juices from their frantic lovemaking, sliding sexily onto the bare flesh of her thighs and towards her stocking tops. He just smiled and said, "Well, call it my own gift and a reminder, for at least until you get home, of what a fantastically sexy young lady you are."

Caela's nodded dreamily. They both slowly put back on the clothes they had hastily shed before Caela had to leave. As they parted with another lingering kiss Caela smiled, "I think I might just need another lift soon..."