 This story involves spanking. If that is really not your thing then feel free to choose another tale.

*****

We sat at a small table just in the window of the Café Etoile in Paris. It had become the haunt of choice for morning writing. Cassie and I were on an extended indulgence of our passion for writing stories, hoping that Paris would provide both inspiration and the distance from day-to-day worries to allow creativity to spark and flourish.

So it was on this particular early Spring day that we sat opposite one another eyes glued to our respective screens, sipping the thankfully found, good coffee. Glued that is until I glanced up to discover Cassie wasn't so glued to her screen at all, rather she seemed far more latched onto a group of boisterous young male Australians across the room. 

I simply sat and gazed at her lovely face, framed as it was by a tumble of curly auburn hair, and watched the rapt curiosity playing so plainly across it. After a seeming age, Cassie turned her eyes toward me and found my gaze and wry smile.

"What?" She enquired sheepishly.

"Oh, I think you know my naughty one."

"There's no harm in looking," she retorted defensively.

"Ah, but we both know you weren't just looking," 

I cocked my head slightly and let my smile broaden a touch as my eyebrows rose enquiringly.

Cassie blustered a little but eventually accepted that she had been caught. Knowing her dirty mind as I do, the fantasy stories that had quite clearly been racing through her head were not difficult to guess at.

"So which one were you fucking?" I whispered, leaning toward her.

Cassie moved around to sit next to me on the bench seat along the side wall of the café. Her hand was warm through my jeans on my thigh.

"The boyish, blonde haired one to the right."

The breath of her whisper played across my ear as her hand gripped a little on my thigh. A delicious thought took seed in my mind and grew with thrilling speed. I placed my hand on her leg, returning her grip. 

"And?"

Cassie looked at me with mock innocent enquiry.

"Don't play the prude with me Cassie." 

I let irritation seep into my tone for effect. I saw a momentary confusion pass across her features.

"Um, I lured him into a side street."

"I don't want to play twenty questions!" A snarl entered my voice.

Again the sweep of slight anxiety.

"I pretended my car had a flat tyre and I was a bit ditzy and needed help."

This time all that I had to do was play exasperated. Cassie started to look a little perturbed by my act, unsure where this was going.

"I stood close to him in my short dress as he knelt to undo the wheel nuts. I made sure he could see a long way up my thighs, eventually to my lacy knickers."

"You are such a naughty girl," I growled.

Emboldened, Cassie continued with her tale, describing how she had ended up on her knees as the young man leant against the car door sucking his cock deep into her mouth and throat until he released his copious jism to slake her thirst. As she reached the end my hand reached the very top of her thigh, the outside edge from wrist to little finger pressed hard against her sex through her thin leggings and the sexy knickers I knew she had underneath.

"You need to be punished for your sluttishness." I hissed in her ear.

Cassie suppressed a gasp elicited by both my unexpected vehemence and from the pressure on her tingling clit and swelling pussy.

"You don't mind though... do you?" There was uncustomary lack of certainty to her voice.

"I think you need to learn something Cassie."

She looked at me without comprehension.

"I'm going up to the apartment. Come on." 

Giving orders to Cassie wasn't something that ever happened in our relationship and I knew she must think I'd lost the plot but I stuck to my ploy. We walked the short distance in silence.

Inside, I shut the door behind us.

"Take off your leggings." The demand softened by the hint of a wry smile.

Cassie looked at me curiously but did as I asked. She stood in just her waist skimming top and sexy black lace knickers that showcased her gorgeously pale, curvy bum. I took her by the hand and led her to the big leather, overstuffed couch. At the right hand end I ushered her to stand thighs against the high rounded arm.

"Bend over and put your forearms on the seat."

Cassie complied. Her luscious arse was on display for my viewing pleasure. The smooth skin bisected by the taut luxurious fabric. I reached out with my right hand and skated the palm over her cool, soft skin and the contrasting texture of the lace. I slowly explored both ripe buttocks and trailed my fingertips down and back up the crevice between them, barely making contact. Cassie was almost panting, her hips flexing, involuntarily seeking firmer contact.

"Such a delicious arse, my naughty Cassie."

Her response was a low drawn out moan of need. It was met with a sharp smack of my hand across the lower curve of her cheek. The pink mark was sudden and conspicuous. Just as Cassie turned her head toward me I repeated the short stinging action on the other cheek.

"Oh!" Was her equally short response.

A swift volley of smacks soon had her cheeks glowing. Each sharp blow accompanied by a short, exhaled exclamation. My hand smoothed over the warmed skin and again dipped into the crease. This time more firmly, lower, between her parted thighs and with one finger running along each edge of her gusset, a middle finger pressed the fabric into her blooming furrow. I lingered to feel the moisture seep through to wet my skin. I took the sample to Cassie's mouth and pushed my finger in. Her tongue worked across it and she sucked hungrily.

"I think my Cassie likes a little spanking after all," I remarked with a note of triumph.

Leaving my hand caressing the cleft of her arse, I moved closer to her head, facing out toward me, cheek against the leather. My jeans bulged at the front, my evident excitement scarcely contained.

"Undo me."

Cassie reached to unbuckle my belt and flipped open the buttoned fly. With my left hand I extracted my swollen knob. Propped on her elbows, Cassie gazed as if transfixed. I laced my fingers into her auburn tresses, holding her head still as I flexed my hips to slide the smooth, taut skin of my cock across her cheek. I watched her eyes close in anticipation. Across her lips, they pouted involuntarily and her tongue flicked out. I pushed forward impaling her mouth with my thick weapon.

"This is how it will work naughty Cassie. You will tell me everything you did in your head with that boy. If you are honest you will be rewarded."

Cassie nodded as well as she could given her enthusiastic sucking.

"But." 

My pause caused her to look up into my eyes. The steely look I gave her prompted her own pause.

"But, every admission will have to be punished none the less."

Her eyes widened. My index finger slipped under the lace running down between her cheeks and circled the tight ring of her anus.

"Remember the rewards my little slut and you won't lack for pleasure."

Abruptly I pulled my cock from her mouth, allowed her to chase it a little before my hand in her hair prevented any further attempt. Moving back to her rump I bent and kissed the warm, pink skin, licking the spanked flesh as if to apply balm to the blemish. I stood behind her and slipped the enticing knickers down to her knees, her legs straight and spread, only her toes on the floor.

[Spank, spank, spank]

"So, before you sucked that lucky boy's tool, what happened?"

"He touched my leg. He slid his dirty hand up my thigh under my skirt."

My hand echoed that description, smoothing up the inside of Cassie's left thigh to just short of her heated sex.

[Spank, spank]

"And?"

"He touched my knicker clad pussy."

[Spank, spank, spank, spank]

"You dirty trollop. Did he finger you?"

"Yes... he pulled the gusset aside and stroked me."

My fingertips softly traced the outer edge of her pouting cunt lips. Feeling along the edge of the slick, turgid flesh, from clit to anus and back down.

[Spank, spank]

"He licked my thigh; kissed toward my pussy."

With the ends of my fingers I tapped her wet pussy. Like little slaps, the sensitivity of her vulva amplifying the sensation of spanking.

"He licked me through my knickers. I put my hand in his hair and pulled him hard against me."

[Spank, spank] 

My full flat hand laid across her buttocks.

"Oh Zach. I'm sorry, I'm such a slut."

Again my fingers slid down over her arse but then, this time, curled decisively into her sopping cunt.

"Don't stop now my wanton hussy."

"I leant back against the car. I spread my legs, my skirt was up around my waist and he pulled my knickers down across my thighs."

"Yes?" 

[Spank, spank]

"He licked my cunt. Tongue fucked my cunt."

Three fingers of my right hand speared hard into her, fucking her mercilessly.

"Nghh. Ughh. Fuck. Zach!"

[Spank, spank, spank, spank]

"You won't come until I tell you be sure of that."

"Ohhhh... Ok, I bucked onto his face and gushed my juice over him."

[Spank, spank]

"Then he stood up and I pulled his cock from his jeans. I wanked him."

My fingers trailed the abundant wetness of Cassie's pussy up and around her anus. Circling, teasing then my thumb slipped through the yielding rubbery ring.

"Oh God. Yesssss." Cassie hissed with need.

[Spank, spank]

"Oh shit. He turned me around, pushed me face down over the side of the bonnet. He didn't wait. He shoved his fat cock straight in."

"And there you were earlier letting me believe that you simply gave him a quick blow job."

"I'm sorry Zach, I'm sorry..."

[Spank, spank, spank, spank]

"Honesty is your best policy my slut."

"Yes."

"Sir."

"Yes sir. He fucked me. Hard."

Likewise, my thumb pushed hard into her arse and my fingers returned into her cunt. I pumped them, in synchrony, in and out of those two welcoming holes. I knew she'd be close. I stopped, leaving her impaled and panting.

"I'm waiting."

"When I thought he was about to come I turned and went to my knees. I swallowed his cock."

I clamped my fingers and thumb together, pinching the membrane separating them. Cassie gasped.

"Uh, I... I took him into my throat, he didn't last long." 

Again I double fucked her with my hand. Just as I could see her tremors start and feel her cunt clench I withdrew and spanked her cheeks repeatedly. 

Stepping behind her, I dropped to my knees and ran my tongue from clit to arse. Lightly to start and then with each stroke increased the pressure until my tongue sank deep into her furrow and into her pit of molten pleasure. I circled her anus and with my two thumbs pulled that tight entrance apart so my tongue could lap the sensitive opening. Over and over listening to her chanted "Oh" with every dip inside.

Rising to my feet I pushed the angry red head of my cock down against its desire to point to the ceiling. It caught in her sex and I felt her try to push back onto me. 

[Spank, spank]

Then I plunged forward, burying my weapon to the hilt, my balls slapping wetly against her lips and clit. I stopped, fully sheathed and waited. I slid my hand up her spine to her neck, took her hair and turned her head. Her eyes locked with mine. I reached for each of her wrists and pulled her back with her outstretched arms. Her torso lifted from the couch and her breasts were free. I began a slow, full length thrusting. Building steadily both in speed and power. The impact of my thighs and groin sent shockwaves through her arse and on to her wildly swinging tits. Her nipples were grazing the leather with each movement. A continual whining emanated from deep within that simply changed pitch as I slammed into her.

"Come for me my slut. Come for me."

Fighting to keep her eyes open I watched as Cassie fell. Fell from her plateau of extreme arousal and crashed into the pounding surf of overwhelming orgasm. She collapsed forward and after a still moment I released her and helped her sit, a little gingerly.

Stood before her I placed her hands on my rampant erection and watched while she slowly pulled on me. Every so often her mouth would drop forward to lick and suck at the tip.

"Oh my wonderful Cassie, I'm going to come for you... coming..."

Standing between her thighs, her tits right before me, I erupted, the first spurt hit her mouth and chin, then following gouts of my spunk left trails across her neck and luscious breasts. I watched panting, speechless as she licked my juice, lifting the trails from her flushed skin to suck it hungrily from her fingers. Then she pulled me down onto her and we lay on the couch, wrapped in each other. We had found something new together.