 I walked into the coffee shop and gave my eyes a moment to adjust to the muted lighting. Looking around, I took in the wash of color. Local art lined the walls, an assortment of tables and chairs of every variety filled the large, open center of the room, and big colorful sofas were arranged in pods, made semi-private by curtains hanging between them. It was a rich and inviting scene.

As I walked up to the counter, I checked out the other customers. There were students hard at work on their laptops, business people, hippies and hipsters. A couple of older men were bent over an ornate chess set. And tucked into the cozy corner of an overstuffed couch was a blonde-haired vision in black. The rest of the customers faded into bit players, mere extras, as I tried to get a closer look without being too obvious.

OK, she wasn't dressed all in black. Certainly not like the goth girls you still occasionally see around town. Looking more closely, I saw she had on a silky black blouse and a dark grey skirt that revealed shapely legs curled under her. Burgundy tights provided a splash of color. She wasn't movie-star beautiful, perhaps, but certainly striking. She was reading a book, her coffee still steaming on the end table beside her, and she didn't even look up as I walked by.

I went up and ordered my coffee, then headed directly over to the couch.

"Excuse me, do you mind if I join you?" 

She looked up from her book, eyes scanning the room to take in all the empty seats, and smiled an enigmatic smile. "Yes, I suppose," she answered, her voice bubbling with quiet humor. "If you really want to."

I felt a huge grin spread across my face as I eased onto the couch next to her. She laid her book down and picked up her coffee, holding it in front of her with both hands and smiling across the top of her cup.

"Are you a regular here? I see you got a fancy mug, and all I got was this paper cup!" I chuckled, holding up my coffee like an exhibit. "At least they gave me a sleeve..."

It was stupid small talk, I knew, but it seemed to break the ice, and we fell into conversation easily. As it turned out, Angela (not Angie!) was indeed a regular. I told her I was just in town today for business, and had a red-eye flight that evening. We really hit it off, and our coffees disappeared almost unnoticed as the conversation flowed. We had gradually turned to face one another on the couch and were sitting knee to knee. She leaned in and put her hand on my leg when she was sharing an important point or a funny story, and each time it sent a thrill through me. Subtle (and some not so subtle!) innuendos peppered our talk, and it was obvious there was an attraction building.

I glanced at my watch, considering another cup of coffee. "Damn! My meeting is in half an hour! I really hate to go..."

She looked disappointed and said she was sad I had to go, too.

I almost couldn't believe what came out of my mouth next. My insides were quivering, but thankfully my voice sounded calm and confident.

"So, Angela. Have you ever had a fantasy about meeting a handsome stranger, and just, you know, having sex and going on your way?"

Her mouth dropped open and then she grinned incredulously. "What kind of woman do you think I am, Erik from god-knows-where!" Her words sounded angry, but there was a mischievous fire burning in her blue eyes. "Besides, what makes you think I find you handsome?!" She waited just a moment before adding, "What did you have in mind, anyway?"

I swallowed hard. Though I was trying to sound confident, I had never done anything like this and my heart was racing in my chest.

"Well, you're a regular here. Do you know if the restrooms have locks? Because what I have in mind is that you come with me," I nodded toward the hallway that lead to the restrooms, "and we fuck ourselves silly before I have to go to my meeting. Simple as that!"

She laughed again and fidgeted with her cup, but didn't say anything right away. Then, in a hushed voice, "As a matter of fact, it IS a fantasy of mine. And, yes, the restrooms have locks." 

She paused and took a deep breath, and shuddered a little as she slowly exhaled. Having calmed herself a little, she went on, "How do I know you're safe, though. How do I know you don't do this in every town you go to? How do I know you won't kill me when we get in there?!" Then, as a weird afterthought, she asked, "Do you have condoms?"

I laughed a little and told her no, I didn't have condoms, and there was no way for her to know any of those things. But I assured her I'd never done this before, and I had no plans to kill her. 

"You'll just have to decide whether you trust me or not."

Instead of answering directly, she stood up and said quietly so no one would overhear, "Wait a minute or two. Second door. Just knock twice." Her eyes gleamed brightly as she gave me a grin and turned to walk away.

I couldn't believe this was happening! I wasn't lying to her - I'd never hooked up with anyone in a public restroom, and my heart was pounding really hard now. My cock was also straining at my slacks.

I waited what seemed like hours before I got up and walked to the back. I tried to be nonchalant, but I felt as though I had a big neon sign on my head. I found the second door and knocked twice. Once inside, I slid the bolt and turned to face Angela. There was an awkward moment where we stood looking at one another, not sure how to go about this.

"Are you sure you want to?" I asked. 

"Yes!" she answered, sounding a little breathless.

"Good!" 

I took her hand and raised it to my face. I kissed each of her fingertips, nibbling lightly, and she let out a moan. Knowing we didn't have a lot of time, but hating to hurry, I slid my hands under the hem of her top and drew her to me. Our tentative kiss quickly turned to hungry, deep probing. My hands slid up the smooth skin of her belly, and I slipped the bra smoothly up and over the firm mounds of her breasts. She gasped into our kiss as I took her nipples between my fingers and pinched them until they were hard. 

I broke off the kiss and turned her so she could lean against the sink. I knelt behind her, running my hands over her lovely legs and squeezing her delicious bottom. I was delighted to find that she wasn't wearing tights at all, but instead had on thigh-highs and a pair of sexy panties. I pulled the panties down to her knees and covered her round cheeks in kisses, my fingers squeezing, kneading, and spreading her bum. She let out a little squeal when I spread her ass wide and flicked my tongue across her puckered little starfish. I urged her to bend over further, and I ducked between her legs to taste her sweet shaved pussy. She was already wet, but as my tongue probed between her labia and teased her clit, she became drenched. The intoxicating smell of her sex filled my nose as I pushed and swerved, licking every inch of her tender, tasty slit. My fingers danced in unison and in counterpoint with my tongue until her legs began to tremble.

I quickly stood and undid my slacks, dropping them around my ankles and pushing down my underwear. I slid my hard cock slowly into her until I was buried to the balls and my hips met her bottom. She pushed back hard against me, and I slid my hands up her belly and cupped her round breasts, helping her to stand up as I started pumping into her from behind. In this position, we were both able to look into the mirror. I was mesmerized by the flush of her pale skin and the heaving of her breast as I pounded into her. Our eyes locked, and time stood still for a while as we were joined together there.

I knew we had to hurry, but I really hoped to give her an orgasm before we finished, so I began to rub her clit in tiny circles and to play with her incredible nipples with my other hand. The sight of her there in the mirror nearly pushed me over the edge, but I hung on. She was an incredible vision, head thrown back, eyes closed and mouth open, black top pushed up over the voluptuous swell of her breasts. I felt her body beginning to tense and fall into a rhythm, which I matched perfectly with the strokes of my cock and the touch of my fingers. Soon she lifted up on her toes and then slammed back hard against me, nearly knocking me off balance. She collapsed forward against the sink, and I pumped hard and fast into her as she came. She stifled cry after cry of ecstasy, and I could feel her tight pussy squeezing me in spasms of release.

I slowed my pace, but kept sliding the full length of my throbbing cock into her sopping pussy as she crested the wave of her orgasm. Her breath was heaving and ragged, and I gave her time to smooth back out before I pulled out. She uttered a small cry of disappointment before I was able to turn her around and lift her so she sat on the edge of the sink. Once she realized what I was doing, she welcomed me with open legs. I plunged my hard length into her and she wrapped her legs around the small of my back. I was close, and leaned forward to kiss her as we fucked.

She stopped kissing me just long enough to plead, "Cum for me!" I couldn't answer, but pounded into her sweet body and tasted the warmth of her coffee kisses as I neared climax.

When I finally reached my peak, I groaned and leaned my head back. I pulled out, and as quick as could be, she slid off the sink and knelt in front of me. The first blast of my eruption splattered her throat and her blouse with cum, and then she had my cock in her mouth, whimpering and moaning with pleasure as I emptied myself into her. She swallowed everything, and I gasped as she licked my tender, sensitive cock completely clean. 

Without saying a word, she stood back up, pulled her panties up and arranged her bra. She took a paper towel and dabbed at her throat and the splotches on her blouse. And then gave me a quick kiss on the cheek. 

"Thank you!" she whispered in my ear. "That was an amazing fantasy!" 

She unbolted the door, and asked me to give her a few minutes before I came out. I smiled and nodded yes, and began to get myself dressed as she slipped out. My mind was still awhirl.

When I came back out into the coffee shop, she was gone.

******

Epilogue: I sat on the couch, sipping my scotch and soda. I hadn't been home long, and I was unwinding from my day.

I heard the key rattle in the lock and realized I had almost dozed off. My hand was wrapped around my half finished drink, perched on my knee. A ring of condensation darkened my slacks where it had rested. I shook myself awake and stood up, heading into the foyer to greet my better half. 

She came through the door and and I welcomed her with a big hug.

"Hi baby! How was the rest of your day??" I stood back and rubbed her upper arms and shoulders, loving the smile that played on her face.

"It was good!" she said, "but not nearly as good as lunchtime! Holy shit!"

I laughed at her casual profanity, and gave her another kiss. "I know! It was amazing, wasn't it?" I stepped back a little and dabbed at the silky black fabric of her blouse. "Sorry about the stain!" I said, rubbing at the whitish splotches with my fingernail. "I hope they'll come out at the cleaners!"

She laughed and said, "I'm sure they'll come out. I'm just glad nobody noticed them at work."

She stepped out of her pumps and stretched her toes, showing off her pretty, burgundy-encased legs.

"The thigh-highs were a nice touch!" I purred, rubbing my palms over the grey skirt and cupping her bottom as I kissed her again. "Very hot, my dear!"

"Thank you!" she answered. "You looked very dapper, too!"

We laughed together, hugging some more, and I said, "We really outdid ourselves, Angela! You nearly threw me for a loop when you started asking if I was a killer, and if I had condoms! Jesus!"

"Yeah, that was fun! I had a blast messing with you! I was so nervous, though! I was terrified someone would catch us!" She took my hands in hers and said, "We should have thought of that ages ago! Who knew role-playing could be so exciting!?"

"I know!" I gave her a long look, and continued, "There was only one part I didn't like..."

She looked a little offended and asked, "What part was that, Erik?"

"The part where we had to hurry." I grabbed her ass and urged her toward the bedroom. "I'm not nearly finished with you yet, my dear..."