 Coffee shops are the new bars. Everyone goes to them, everyone has a preference for their lattes, skinny or not, their cappuccinos, americanos or whatever takes their fancy. Decked out in a number of styles, from the dated to the modern and urban chic, these are a thriving business as the rest of the high street evolves from retail, retail, retail and nothing but.

Yet why would this be of interest? 

To put it simply, because of the staff. Generally young, often attractive, usually warm and welcoming, a joy to behold and interact with. The only drawback is you have to drink coffee. Or tea. Or some herbal infusion of leaves and water. However, that applies to most of us and it's jolly nice to take meetings in such places as you get to meet these lovelies and, if it's your regular, on a frequent basis.

I go to one in particular. Not because its coffee is any better, not because its nearer, but because of one member of staff. Jo is your typical, early 20s bright young thing with an easy smile and a great manner. This place is right across the street from my office so convenient as anything and I started going there pretty much when we moved in. 

Let me help paint a picture. Urban, bare brick walls, industrial, dark brown wooden and metal furniture, a bar and coffee machine. In the day, cool place for coffee, the evening alcohol and simple but good food. Need any more to visualise? Something tells me you want to know more about Jo.

I noticed her immediately. About 5'9'', blonde hair cut in a rough bob to just below her ears, no piercings and a sexy, rather than pretty face. This wasn't what I noticed first but it was a relief when I saw it. No, it was her ass. Not tiny, not this massive, disproportioned size that seems popular these days, but just right. Round and looked pretty firm. This sat atop what appeared to be a great pair of legs, fit and long. How did I reach this almost instant conclusion? Jeans that weren't painted on but fitted tight. Divine. 

It wouldn't be fair to exclude her tits. Staring at her ass could be disguised as looking past for ideas during meetings, besides, she wouldn't notice. But her tits. To stare would be rude but it was nigh on impossible not to. I'd guess a 34C, bordering on D. High, perky and shapely. She didn't wear tight tops but she didn't need to. She also walked with a grace and a straight back that accentuated her athleticism. I was in lust. Typically clad in black jeans and a dark t-shirt, her body was there but not screaming for attention.

That changed when the summer arrived but thank the good Lord for sunglasses. Off went the jeans and on came denim skirts, cut to a couple of inches below her ass. Strappy tops augmented the look and the mercy of the sunnies allowed a slightly longer inspection.

This all sounds like I am a dirty old man just perving at someone looking good. It may be the truth but I wanted to give you a good idea of what I lusted after. Besides, what would ever happen? I was at least two decades older than her, not trendy, not cool and possibly the only saving grace was that I went there with my two colleagues who were both older and in worse shape. So I thought she talked to me out of preference and nothing more.

I used to go there about once every couple of weeks when she was working. Even if she didn't serve us, a smile and a hello was offered. We were regulars, it was only natural. Still, it was nice to watch her out of the corner of my eye. We had had a few brief chats when she'd served us, joking that we were the new regulars, that we should know each other's names, that they would know what we wanted, that we hoped we didn't put off other customers. My, how funny we thought we were.

To be honest, I didn't spend a lot of time thinking about her, just that when I went in for a coffee, she was on my mind.

Christmas came round and the incessant round of parties and fun. Our offices are in a trendy part of town so there was a lot of cheer going on around that time. Meetings in the afternoon could descend into more and often we'd find ourselves in bars around the area, chatting up clients or being feted by suppliers. Good times and all part of doing business.

One night we'd actually decided to stay out as a senior team and ended up in a few places around the office. Feeling good and wandering nearby, we knew there was but one or two drinks left before it was time to go home and try and sleep enough. As luck would have it, we noticed her place was open so we popped in. The owner came over, full of smiles and cheer and told us it was their Christmas party, it was closed but since we were such regulars we were welcome to stay for a drink or two. We smiled, thanked him and ordered.

Inevitably we got chatting to the staff. We knew them by face and little more so we found out lots as they were happy with booze. I could see Jo there, just laughing and chatting to others and I wanted to chat to her. I found myself in a long chat with one of the staff about his holiday plans and then suddenly she was there, leaning on his shoulder, one ankle over the other, smiling quizzically and holding a glass with something swirling between the ice cubes.

She teased him about boring me with his stories and he laughed and said he needed another drink. He offered us, we looked at each other and just shook our heads. As he left, I started chatting to Jo, trying to find out more in a light manner. Her eyes didn't seem to leave me, even reflecting her drink as she raised it to her lips. I was enjoying it enormously and then a colleague came over, thankfully not too leeringly, and told us that the party was winding up and that they might go on to another place with the staff. We were welcome to join them and I seemed incapable of dragging my eyes away from Jo's face whilst pretending to listen. 

Pretty soon the place closed up and we found ourselves on the sidewalk. There were about twelve of us there and, for some reason, all quite close, debating where to go. I was at the edge, thinking whether I should stay or go and then I felt someone press softly up against my back before pulling away. I turned round, expecting a colleague, and it was Jo, hair falling from one side over an eye, looking at me, asking what I wanted to do. 

Now I just thought she was drunk, like me. I grinned and said I was probably off home. She made a moue and shrugged her shoulders, never breaking gaze.

I've said I was about two decades older than her, I've said I just looked at her for fun but now I was finally getting some hints. Was this girl into me? Why? No, scratch that last one, if I thought like that, I would mess this up. Let's see, I thought.

I said I might have to go back to the office to check on some stuff. Lame, right? But I just couldn't think of anything else. I told her I'd be there in about three minutes and happy to show her corporate world at its finest, if of interest. She rolled her eyes and said that she might, then moved off to chat to the others.

That's it, I thought but decided to go to the office just in case.

It seemed the rest had decided to go to a club and were waiting for Ubers. My colleagues were joking and laughing with them so I excused myself and wandered off to the back entrance of our offices. I felt a bit of a chump but I was also a bit fuzzy.

Our offices are pretty simple, two main rooms, no reception, open plan and then a boardroom which also serves as our display suite. Expensive furniture, high end AV equipment - the usual score for a small firm doing well.

After about five minutes, there's a knock at the door. I couldn't believe it, but there she was. She looked a little demure but I ushered her in and laughed, a bit nervously. Offering her the grand tour, semi jokingly, she wandered next to me, hands clasped behind her ass, tits pressing up, as she pretended to look interested. All of 15 seconds later, we were in the boardroom. 

My back was to the table as I was trying to show off the AV system. She was nodding but just looking at me and was moving closer. I realised I was an idiot, standing there with a remote in one hand and her in my personal space.

She smelled more than alluring and I could feel the blood rushing to my cock. She placed a hand on her hip and raised her eyebrows. For Christ's sake, I thought, stop being a fool.

So I leant towards her, our lips met. I heard the word finally from her before we were kissing. I still had the remote in my hand but our mouths were getting more passionate. I placed it down on the table and put my hands on her waist. Her hands came to my chest and the kissing picked up in pace. Soon our tongues were battling and I could feel her pressing her whole body against me.

I felt myself grinding into her groin and my hands snaked round and cupped her ass. She had on one of her short skirts and one of my hands dropped and found its way under the material to cup her buttock. I had been right all along - this girl had a firm ass. I used it to pull her tighter to me and felt her push in even harder.

This wasn't going to be a long, languorous session of making love. This was a post-party passion fest and I wanted it. I spun her round and her ass was against the table. I pushed her with my hands on her waist and she slid back on the polished service, her legs dangling forward. 

I put my hands on her thighs and drew back from kissing her. Looking into her eyes, I dropped to my knees. She was looking down at me and leant back resting on her hands, not before tousling my hair. Her legs parted and I pulled her towards the edge of the table.

Before me was these gorgeous legs, meeting with a triangle of white panties at the top. I lowered my head, pressed my face against her and inhaled deeply. I heard her breathing deepen and I reached under her ass and gripped the panties to pull them off. She shuffled up and down on either buttock to release them and then they were down and gone.

I stared briefly at her pussy, cropped but not clean shaven, a hint of dew glistening at her slit. I wanted this. Now.

Again I pressed my face to her and licked her slit from back to front, once with the tip of my tongue but then I couldn't resist and dove in. I could hear her gasp as I started and then felt her hand on the back of my head, gripping my hair as I went to town. I wanted to taste, drink, eat the whole of this sweet, nectar factory before me. It was glorious, soft, wet, gentle, moving, hot, delicious - you name it, it was all of these and more. The world could have ended then and I would have been happy. 

I was exploring all of her pussy with my tongue, alternating between licking, driving it in and then coming up to suck on her clit. She was grinding against me and her movements were speeding up. She leant back with both hands on the table to support her and drove her pussy into my face. I could tell she was near. 

Suddenly, she sat up and grasped my head with both hands, clamping her legs against my cheeks. I could hear guttural noises from her and felt the shudders of her body as she moved against me. Three or four major shakes ravaged through her as she rode the waves and then there were about eight to ten smaller ones. 

Her hands dropped from my head and her thighs relaxed as she dropped back and lay down on the table. I took a huge breath and stood up, smiling down at her.

Her hair was tousled, her thighs still slightly parted, her chest heaving she looked at me and half smiled. She sat up, kissed me deeply and I could feel her hands reaching for my belt. She made short work of it and then my jeans were unbuttoned. She gently lowered my zipper and then she hurriedly shucked them off my ass. My shorts caught on my cock, she leaned back, giggled a bit and looked down to do it right. Softly lifting the elastic over the head of my cock she wrapped a hand around it and gave it a few gentle tugs.

I could see the thumb of that hand stroke up and then rub my precum across the swollen end. My head dropped back as this felt exquisite.

I knew I wanted to fuck her right now. 

I placed one hands on her thigh and with the other, I lifted her chin. As we kissed I moved closer and felt her legs part. I moved my hand to my cock and held it pointing at her pussy. She broke the kiss off and lay back on the table, one hand under her head. Never had I seen something so fuckable.

I stroked her pussy a couple of times with the head of my cock and saw her eyes droop as her body gently shuddered. I pushed in the tip and felt her exhale while groaning softly and then I carried on pushing in.

It felt glorious. She felt tight and wet. I knew this wouldn't be long but I needed it. I grabbed her hips and started to fuck. She was moving back and forth against me and I was not really waiting to build up the pace.

Pretty soon I was driving hard into her, she was grunting with each stroke and I could feel my climax building. I could hear some animal sounds which I worked out must only be from me but I didn't care. This was a fast fuck and I was ready.

She reached down with her hands and gripped my ass. I couldn't get out if I wanted and so continued to drive. My balls were tingling and I could feel the surge of cum roaring up my cock. It exploded from me and I felt the squirts exploding into her. Her eyes were closed but her mouth was almost a perfect 'O' as I filled her. Her body was shuddering beneath mine and I knew she was matching me in rapture.

I was buried in her, my cock was twitching at the end of my orgasm and she was lying there breathing heavily. I slowly pulled my cock out and I could see final bits of cum leaking from the end. She sat up, reached down and licked the cum off my cock. I nearly came again. 

As I put my cock back in my pants, she shuffled off the table and adjusted her skirt, looking around for her panties. After putting them on, she came to me and kissed me. 

She had her hands on my shoulders and leaned back slightly from my face. "I want to do that again but not on a table. You around over the weekend?"