 Goth Zandra 

"Shit!" I slammed on the brakes and swerved around the girl. Some stupid Goth chic casually limped down the middle of the road. As she limped her nice ass jiggled up and down... 

Then I recognized that jiggling ass. It was Zandra's. I also knew her nice ass had a not-so-nice boyfriend, Draco the Skull-Crusher. But I rolled down the window anyway. 

"Hey Zandy are you okay? Do you need a ride?" 

"Yeah," she said in her throaty voice. "I mean no... Draco and I got in a fight and he dumped me on the street." 

"He dumped you on my street?" 

Goth Girl glanced at her long black nails. "Yeah that's the story. The frickin' jerk dumped me right on your frickin' street." Zandra crawled in the car, slithering up to my side. 

The college girl struck a match on my zipper, lit a cigarette and and blew smoke in my face. "Cal take me someplace dark and dreadful." 

"My parents' place?" 

Zandra rolled her dark eyes. "No— take me to Dead Lake." She snapped her fingers and pointed down the road with a long black fingernail. I obeyed. 

We drove off to Dead Lake, a popular place with Goths. Zandra sucked her cigarette and hung her tattooed feet out the window. The wind made her skirt fly up and I saw a flash of dark pussy fuzz. No panties, SWEET. 

I recalled our last date, back when she was Sandra the blonde college cheerleader instead of Zandra the black haired Goth-ess. But blonde or black I knew she had a sweet-sweet nookie tucked between her long legs. 

We arrived at the swampy lake just as a red moon crested the horizon. In the reddish light we watched bats fluttering over the dark water through an eerie mist. Perfect. I tried to kiss Zandra's black lips— she slapped me. 

"Dammit Cal why were you so rude that night! How could you let Suzie punch my tits?" 

"What...? Really Goth-Zandra? You titty punched her first." I laughed. "Besides Suzie was just jealous. Hell all the college girls are jealous of you, with your dark eyes, deathly white skin and steel spiked collar." 

Goth-girl bit my ear and hissed. "Tell me more knave." 

"Um... you're so dark... mysterious and awesomely beautiful... er I mean demented. That's it you're so awesomely demented." Zandra's sunken eyes studied my face as her long nails pierced my thigh flesh. I held my breath hoping she'd believe my vat of lies. 

"Cal you're like a sharp dagger, stabbing through my fucking heart... and that makes me hot. Let's suck face." Zandra leapt onto my lap. Biting at my lips she coiled her serpentine tongue into my mouth. 

Her long tongue tasted like an ashtray and black lipstick smeared around my face. 

As we kissed I gently unbolted her bra. Skull tattoos and bruises covered her small titties, and each dark red nipple had a silver stud. "Careful Cal my titties are still sore." Gently sucking her hard nipples I moved my hand between her open thighs. 

On our last date Zandra kept her legs crossed, but praise the dark lord they weren't crossed now. Moving my hand under her fake leather skirt I found her wet slit, and slipped a finger in. Zandra jumped up and kissed me hard, wiggling her juicy twat against my hand. 

My finger pushed deeper into the damp darkness of her crack. Goth Girl plunged her studded tongue into my mouth again, whipping it around like a serpent's tongue. Cautiously I fingered her hairy hole and bit her ear. She liked that. 

Staring at me with her evil eyes Zandra lifted her skirt, leaned back and spread her deathly white legs. Her dark pink slit glistened in the moonlight. "Awesome." I pulled out my cell phone. She covered her twat. 

"C'mon Zandy, don't be shy. Aren't you a real Goth?" 

Zandy scowled. "Okay nerd, take a pic of my dark gash." She moved her hand, but blushed when I snapped a pic. 

"Now Zandra, let's get in back where there's more room." Goth Girl stripped off everything except her spiked collar. When she lifted her leg over the seat in saw her pussy lips split open right in front of my face. Wow! I snapped another pic of that sweet slice of pink. 

We coiled together in the backseat. Zandra licked my neck and slithered her naked body against mine, rubbing her damp crack along my crotch. I thought she was ready. 

But when I yanked out my boner Zandy looked frightened. "Wait Cal... y-your thing's like REALLY-REALLY BIG!" Her voice became scratchy. "You're... you're going to stab that big thing in me aren't you?" 

"Zandra you know I um... really care about you and—" 

"— do you just fuck a girl and forget her?" 

WTF...? I wanted to tell Miss Dark and Dim that she was the one forgetting— about her damn boyfriend Draco... But she just might cross those sweet legs. I kissed Zandra's black lips. She relaxed and I gently nudged her thighs apart, noticing blonde roots on her jet-black pubes. 

"Your black pit looks so dangerous." 

"It is." Zandra hissed and lifted her twat. Moving over the girl I gently rubbed my prick along her dark crack... and shoved in hard. She screamed. "OUCH! You're ripping me! You're ripping me!" 

"Yes!" I gripped Zandra's studded tits and pushed harder. My boner plunged into her tight pit. Goth Girl clenched my arm as I screwed her wickedly tight pussy. Her clasping pussy folds tore at my prick with each fuck stroke. 

Wow, Draco must have a prick the size of a pencil. I forced my prick further into her gash. My mouth came down, sucking on her studded tits as my prick pummeled her fuck hole. 

"Ungh... ungh Cal... do you like my gash?" I nodded and felt Zandra relax. So I fucked faster. Her tight pussy moistened and she began to pant. Straddling my hips with her legs Zandra pulled into each fuck stroke. "Oh stab me Cal! Stab me with your long dagger!" 

I thrust into her fuck-hole and felt her long teeth dig into my neck. We screwed like demons, her feral pussy attacking my invading cock. Zandra's long nails clawed into my back, so I bit her pierced nipple... Goth Girl cackled and heaved up her other nipple. 

When I bit into her tit Zandra lurched in a wild orgasm and shrieked. "AHHHH— I'M CUMMING!" Her body jolted so hard my prick hit the bottom of her love pit, and spewed. 

But I kept pounding Zandra's frothy fuck-hole... screwing her hard until she climaxed again. "AIYEEE!!" And threw her legs up like gothic goal posts. 

Afterwards, sweaty Zandra grabbed my face with her claws. "Cal that was totally savage... like being gored by a demonic bull... and you left bite marks on my boobs... you nasty, nasty boy." She flashed an evil smile and sunk her teeth into my neck again. 

Goth Girl pulled away and lit a cigarette. I looked in the mirror and saw a hickey the size of a hockey puck. Shit. 

Zandra stared down at her enflamed pussy lips and cried real-fake tears. "Cal you took advantage of me. Why did you ravage my virtue? If I tell Draco he's gonna beat the tar outta you." 

"What virtue...?" I looked around. Was this a set-up? Was Skull Crusher waiting to pound my brains out? 

Laughing hysterically Zandra ran into the woods. I chased her jiggling naked ass. Even if she was bat-shit crazy she still had a nice butt. Soon I caught up with the nymph and pushed her against a tree. Zandra clicked her tongue. "So how does it feel Cal? Payback's a bitch ain't it?" 

"No— you're the bitch. And I'm gonna beat you with my cock." 

Zandra giggled. "Beat me—beat me." So I turned the bitch around and spread her butt cheeks. "No Cal, not that way!" 

But I stabbed my prick straight up her tight asshole. "OUCH!!" Goth Girl gripped the tree, squirming as I screwed her jiggling butt. My hand moved to her pussy, finger banging her twat at the same time. 

"Unh Cal...unh... your pole... unh... it's spearing... my fuckin' ass." Zandy turned her head. "Spear me Cal! Spear me HARDER!!" I pounded my prick up her tight rump, pummeling deep and reaming out her asshole as Goth Girl writhed in pain. It was a magical moment. 

Soon my fingers found the throbbing bead of her clitty— and pinched it. Zandra howled. "AAARRH!" My prick plunged deeper into her ass. Zandy moaned and bit the tree as her body quivered in wave after wave of wild orgasm. 

I climaxed at the same time, filling Zandra's tight ass with hot jism. 

The sweaty girl collapsed to the ground and stared up at me, panting. "Jezuz Christ Cal, you totally ass-impaled me with your pole. I should frickin' call you Vlad the Impaler." 

"Glad you liked it ma'am. " I held up my phone. Zandy flipped me off, but bent over for a naughty pic of her freshly fucked anus. "Now how about a pic of your wicked-wicked twat." Goth girl smirked and slowly spread her legs. 

I snapped a close-up pussy pic just as two flies landed in her open cunt. 

"Dammit Cal— that's your fault!" She slapped her twat twice, killing them both. "I hate flies in my pussy! Get them out of me!" I carefully picked the dead flies out of her pink hole . 

"Dammit now I have to wash my cunty." 

Zandy ran naked to the lake. I chased her jiggling butt again. When she jumped in, I jumped in too watching her titty tattoos dissolve in the water while she scrubbed her twat. 

A dozen bats swooped low over Zandra as she swam in the moonlight. Goth Girl slithered like a snake through the dark water, letting it swirl around her deathly white ass. Her naked slithering gave me another stiffy. 

I pulled on her studded nipples and bumped her with my boner. "No Vlad don't impale me again! I'm still sore from the last stabbing." She giggled as her evil eyes twinkled. "But Vlad I'll suck you to death if you vant?" 

"Hell yes I vant! I vant to spew a vat of cum down your vile throat." 

Zandra swooped to her knees and pulled down my zipper with her teeth. Opening her mouth she wiggled her tongue stud like a cock lure. Black lips encircled my prick as Goth Girl sucked it in deep. Her raven head bobbed furiously up and down on my prick. 

I braced myself against a tree and gripped her bobbing head. "Oh suck it Zandra! Suck it!" Goth Girl sucked harder, twirling her tongue stud around my cockhead and tugging on my balls with her sharp claws. 

Soon I felt my cock swell and swell and— erupt, spurting wads of molten cum down her wanton throat. Zandra gagged and choked and slurped, but sucked out every drop of cum from my prick. She even licked off my hairy balls. 

I looked down at the wicked dick-licker. "Zandy you're not really gonna tell Draco are you?" 

"Why would I?" She laughed. "I dumped pencil-prick two weeks ago."