 Cal made his way through the drunken crowd with soda in hand, observing the wild, half-naked girls gyrating on the impromptu dance floor. When his frat threw parties like this, he often mingled a bit and drank some, but he wasn't fond of drunken orgies in crowds where one could never tell one body from the next and the smell of beer, vomit, and unwashed bodies pervaded the air. He much preferred one or two girls all to himself, so these parties weren't really his thing. He was just down here for the amusement of it all and the reputation he had to maintain.

A girl in black leather miniskirt and sheer tank top rubbed herself against him, throwing her head back and giggling as she ran her hands through his hair. He took another sip of his soda then set the can down, allowing himself to grab her ass and feel her tits against his chest. She was a thin blond girl with average-sized breasts and moderately firm ass, definitely drunk and definitely horny. She lifted her shirt up and fondled her tits for him, rubbing her nipples and pushing her breasts together so he had a nice view of her cleavage. He slid a hand beneath her skirt and discovered her shaved, unclad pussy against his palm, wet with desire. She moaned when he slid two fingers into her while rubbing her clit with his thumb. 

"Oh fuck me," she slurred, moving her hips against him. "You're so good, yeah, make me cum hard." She clutched his arms and closed her eyes, enjoying the feel of his fingers underneath her skirt. He obligingly rubbed her clit faster and harder until her tremors grew with intensity and she began to whimper. 

Finally she came, moaning and panting, and collapsed against another girl on the dance floor. The two girls began to make out sloppily while a small group of guys gathered to watch, and Cal moved on, wiping his hand on his pants and moving towards the door.

He made his way up the stairs and down the hallway, passing a few couples pressed against the walls. There were rooms on the second floor that were typically unoccupied, left empty so guys could bring their girls up here for a quick fuck on a bed or against the wall. There was always a good show when the doors were left unlocked (which was usually the case), and sometimes Cal even joined in if the girl was hot enough and there wasn't anything too kinky involved.

He tried the nearest door and found it unlocked so he walked into the room. The room was empty save for a petite brunette in a plush recliner, leaning back with her knees bent and spread wide open. Her skirt was bunched around her waist and a slender hand snaked between her thighs as she fingered her clit. Her other hand was cupped around a breast, rubbing the pert nipple through the dark green fabric. The girl's eyes were closed as she rested her head against the back of the chair, and the sound of her breathy moans filled the room.

Cal felt himself grow hard as he watched her. She seemed half-asleep, unaware of his lust-filled gaze. He unzipped his pants quietly and stroked his cock, aroused by her moans and the smell of her wet pussy. She slid two long fingers slowly into her slit and pumped them in and out as her hips rose against her hand. 

Cal drank in the whole sight, from her slightly parted lips to her shaved pussy and tantalizingly covered breasts. He liked to watch and feel a girl's breasts, and the sight of her ample breasts waiting to be uncovered turned him on as much as a shaved pussy did. 

His balls ached with need as he stroked his rock-hard penis, teasing himself. The girl's soft brown hair pooled sexily beneath her head as she bit her lip and turned from side to side with pleasure, fingering her clit and gently touching herself with her other hand. The sensuality of the scene in front of him enthralled him, and he held his breath, afraid to break the surreal feeling of the moment. 

When she brought both hands up to her chest to fondle her breasts through her bra, her legs spread wider to draw his attention to her smooth, vulnerable pussy, humping the air towards him. His control snapped and he surged towards her, roughly slamming his cock into her tight pussy. He grabbed her by the hips and pulled her towards the edge of the chair, pumping into her as he wrapped her legs around him.

Her eyes snapped open in surprise and she grabbed at him, overwhelmed by the feeling of a rock-hard cock stretching her pussy. She moaned loudly and pulled her bra off, grabbing her tits and panting in delight. Cal was used to the typical jaded party girl, who was never really surprised when a cock found its way into her pussy but rarely ever as enthusiastically appreciative about sex as those for whom parties were still exciting. This girl was different. 

A second, stronger wave of lust washed over him as he watched the girl beneath him writhing in wild, unrestrained desire. It made him feel strong, powerful, wanted. He liked that; he liked girls who could watch him with lust-filled eyes and genuinely moan with pleasure. In a world where wild orgies were as common as beer cans and pleasing the girl was rarely a priority, Cal liked to be different too.

They fucked like that for several minutes, Cal grunting as he pumped his thick cock into her. She clutched his sweaty body and whimpered breathily, pulling him deep into her as he fucked her hard and fast. Her hips humped back against him and they moved together, moaning and focused on nothing but his cock sliding past her slick vaginal lips into her dripping pussy. Her whimpers grew louder and more frenzied and he felt her tense up against him, and suddenly she came in a whirlwind of overwhelming physical pleasure, clawing at his arms and driving him into her as deep as he could go. "Yes, oh god, fuck me, I'm cumming, oh god, fuck me, fuck me!" He slammed into her as she screamed, her cunt muscles gripping him until he found himself nearing the brink. Finally her spasms subsided and she collapsed back against the chair, spent from her orgasm.

"You enjoy sex, don't you?" His voice was not the low, abrasive growl characteristic of bad pornography, but had a rather pleasant timbre. After her orgasm, the movement of his hips had lost its lust-driven, uncontrolled frenzy and was now relaxed and casual. His cock slid in and out of her as she played with her breasts, both enjoying the sound of his balls slapping against her ass.

She smiled at him in between shivers of pleasure. "Yeah, I do. You must think that's a rare thing, don't you?"

"Yeah, I guess. Good sex isn't really something a girl would go to a party like this to look for, y'know?"

She laughed. "I came here with a friend. She's probably somewhere down there fucking her brains out in the hopes that she'll be recognized as a good lay. As much as I don't want to be part of an orgy, I was getting horny from watchingeverything, so I came up here."

Cal reached a hand down to her clit and rubbed it idly. She giggled and spread her legs, reaching out with her hands to pull him close. "What do you like? Doggy style? Girl on top?" She squeezed him with her cunt muscles and heard his breath catch. With newfound control and confidence, she lowered her voice to a soft, sexy whisper. "Do you want me on top of you, fucking you hard? Thinking of my tits against your face, of shooting your cum deep inside me?" She looked him in the eyes and licked her lips seductively, sitting up to rub her breasts against his chest. "Tell me you want it, say you want to fuck me."

She pushed him back and stood up, sliding her hands beneath his shirt. His nipples were hard and he gasped when she teased them with her fingers, feeling the heat of his chest against her palm. She pushed him back against the wall and pulled his shirt off, licking and kissing his chest until he moaned, his hard cock throbbing against her naked stomach. 

She kissed her way seductively down his body until his cock slid between her breasts. Her tongue swirled around the tip when it emerged from her cleavage, and she raised her eyes to him, teasing him, daring him to take charge again. 

He reached down to rub her nipples and she grabbed his hands, pulling him down to a sitting position on the floor. Standing up, she stood in front of his face, rubbing her clit and idly sliding fingers into her wet pussy for him to watch. She was just the right distance away from him, close enough that he could smell her arousal but far enough away that he couldn't just bury his face between her legs. She teased him, dancing seductively and playing with her body until he could wait no longer and began to stroke his cock furiously as he watched her. His breaths grew short and she continued to play the part of a stripper, dancing for him like one would dance on a table for a client, tantalizingly fondling her tits and pussy in front of his face.

When she sensed he was close, she pressed her cunt against his face briefly and then sank down to his lap. Her breasts jiggled against his chest as she slammed up and down onto his cock, grabbing him by the shoulders and gasping every time he filled her to the hilt. He held her by the hips as he drove up into wet pussy and fucked her roughly until all of a sudden he came, his cum shooting deep into her as he closed his eyes and moaned, tense and shuddering.

"Wow..." He collapsed back against the wall, spent and sated. Sweat dripped down his forehead and without thinking, she gently wiped it away. All was silent save for the sounds of their labored breathing. She stayed on his lap with him still buried inside her, feeling his heart beating wildly in his chest. His light brown hair fell into his eyes—- a pleasant brown, the color of light wood and dark honey—- and he was clean-shaven. 

Reality caught up to her. She hadn't expected to have sex when she agreed to come to this party, and yet here she was, sitting on the lap of a boy whose name she didn't even know. His looks hadn't mattered much to her when they were fucking, but now that she had taken the time to look at him, she felt her heart stir interestedly in her chest. Biting her lip, she tried to quell the attraction. She hoped it wasn't true that girls developed attachments to men they had sex with, even one-night stands, because she sure as hell wasn't ready for that now.

"Hey." She blinked, startled, and fell back into the real world from her thoughts. He was smiling crookedly at her, looking at her like a friend and not some girl he had just walked in on masturbating and fucked. "I take it you don't do this often."

"No, I'm really a street-corner whore who frequents frat parties to trap men. This is my fifth one today," she shot back deadpan.

He laughed, reaching a hand up to tuck a stray piece of her behind her ear. "What's your name, anyway?"

"Brianna Banks."

"Hello, Brianna, I am Giacomo Casanova. Enchanted to meet you, really." He poked her in the shoulder with is finger. "No, seriously. Not saying that you're not as sexy as Brianna Banks, but what's your name?"

"Lily."

"I'm Cal." He paused. "This is awkward, isn't it."

"Just slightly." She fidgeted, not sure if it would be best to stay put on his lap or stand up and call attention to the fact that he had still been inside her. His gaze was disconcertingly charming, and she had to quell the newfound urge to play with is hair. Having casual sex was one thing, continuing to have a penis inside her after sufficient time for conscious thought was another, but being attracted to owner of said penis was most definitely worse. Much worse.

Cal took one of her hands in his, holding it gently. "Why don't we go have a bite to eat and chat? You look flushed and flustered, so a walk might do you good." He winked and she spluttered, sticking her tongue out at him. He solved the problem of being conjoined by simply holding her by the waist and getting to his feet so they were both standing up and separated. "Meet you in the parking lot in a few minutes, Lady Lilian?"

"Ok, Calanova." She paused. "Your name sounds like a squash."

"And you, Lady Lilypad, are a thing frogs sit on."

"Touché. See you in a bit."

He grabbed his shirt from the floor, pulled it over his head, and then bowed with an exaggerated flourish before letting himself out the door. Feeling alarmingly like a girl on a first date, Lily dressed herself in front of the mirror and then followed, shutting the door behind her.

To be continued...