 Mark was struggling through the mid afternoon lethargy stage of his day. Working at his computer in his upstairs office he silently lamented the drawbacks of working from home – no colleagues to laugh with, have coffee breaks with and, most important of all, to flirt with. The half finished report on his computer screen hadn't altered for the last ten minutes and Mark began to doubt whether it was going to get any nearer completion in the next ten minutes.

His intensifying sense of boredom and frustration was suddenly interrupted by the ring of his door bell. Slightly startled he briskly rose and walked to the top of the stairs. Not expecting any visitors that day he speculated on who the caller could be as he descended the steps. He opened the door and was pleasantly surprised to see a young woman standing on his door step smiling broadly. The girl looked to be in her early twenties, about 5ft 4, with shoulder length brown curly hair and large bright eyes:

"Good afternoon sir," she exclaimed with energetic enthusiasm. "I'm so sorry to bother you this afternoon but I think you might be interested in what I have to offer."

Mark was in little doubt that she was correct as his gaze began to take in the fullness of her figure. As she began to explain how the call carrier company she worked for could reduce Mark's phone bills by a third, Mark felt the beginnings of activity in his boxers that was not in any way going to involve a reduction. His arousal began as he gazed on her glowing face but increased significantly as his eyes drank in her shapely figure. The girl recounted her sales pitch with perfection but Mark wasn't listening. She wore tight jeans, a casual jacket and a V-shaped top which tantilisingly exposed an inviting cleavage including more than a hint of her large breasts. Mark felt his cheeks burning and his cock uncomfortably erect in his pants but managed to drag his gaze away from her cleavage and back to her face in time for her to say:

"So, if you like, I can come in and help you get sorted out."

"Er, yeah, yeah, of course, come in," stammered Mark. He led her into the house and through the door into his lounge. His mind was awash with erotic images but he was determined to act as a gentleman. He hated the idea of being perceived by women as a slimey, creepy desperado and preferred to be overly detached rather than offer undesired advances. He therefore took a seat on the two seated sofa at the far end of the room leaving the larger nearer sofa as the obvious destination for the girl's shapely butt. He tried not to display his slight astonishment and deep pleasure when the girl sat down very close to him on the two seater. She crossed her legs and sat back enabling Mark to get a perfect view of her ample cleavage. Resting her clip board on her thigh she turned and smiled:

"I just need to take down a few details if that's okay," she quietly enquired in a soft warm tone.

"Sure," replied Mark. He had to clear his throat and look away. It was so difficult to hold her gaze without the impression that she was seeing every image that ran through his mind, images of intense sexual activity between their naked bodies.

"I love that picture," commented the girl looking above Mark's shoulder at a frame on the wall. "My boyfriend has the same print." Before Mark could contemplate the implications of this information she continued. "When I say boyfriend, I mean in the loosest sense."

Her smile seemed to grow and so did Mark's erection. "What do you mean by that?" managed Mark.

"Er, you know, we're not that close... I mean I can do what I want whenever I want, with whoever I want."

"oh, er, right," said Mark. He felt as though he was being cued up for the killer line, the one that immediately preceded their first lustful kiss but like an actor unfamiliar with the script he couldn't find the correct phrase.

The girl proceeded to fill in the application form for the new call carrier and Mark's thoughts finally addressed the issue of his phone company and whether or not he wanted or even understood the service he was signing up for. The girl passed Mark the clip board and gave him the pen so that he could sign the application form.

"What are you doing tonight?" she asked.

"Nothing really," Mark replied as he signed. "What about you?"

"No plans at the moment." What the hell thought Mark – maybe this is that line...

"Why don't you come back here and I'll cook you dinner."

"Why not," she smiled back and suddenly leaned over him pushing her full fleshy lips on to his. The clip board fell as Mark's hand rushed to clutch her left breast. She gasped and her lips momentarily withdrew from his. Mark leaned forward to sink his teeth into her thick bottom lip. She thrust her tongue under his top lip and moaned loudly. His hand groped both her breasts before his fingers and thumb started to squeeze and twist her nipples. The girl pulled away from him, threw off her jacket and jumped back on top of him, kneeling on the sofa, one knee either side of him. Mark re-established his groping of her breasts, this time with both hands. Their lips locked and frantically kissed, sucked and nibbled. Their tongues drove deeper into each others mouths, one moment striving to probe further and further in and the next moment intent on sliding every part of themselves over each other.

Mark untucked the girl's top from her jeans and slid both hands up inside. He let his mouth separate from hers in order to let out a groan of pleasure as his hands enveloped the soft skin of her tits, no bra hampered his fondling. As he continued to cup and pull she leaned back and pulled her top off over her head. She let it fall behind her and seeing her broad smile as her curly brown hair fell back around her face Mark drove his head forward into her breasts. She pulled at his hair and pulled his shirt up his back a little allowing enough exposed back for her nails to dig into. 

She moaned and occasionally yelped as he took more and more of her firm tits into his mouth. He licked and kissed extensively before carefully holding her right nipple between his teeth. He frantically flicked his tongue up and down over the restricted erect nipple. He had to stop when her scratching of his back provoked a loud gasp.

Now they were kissing again and Mark's groans got more regular as she sparadically bit and chewed on his tongue. He slid forward slightly in his seat and arched his back enabling his waiste to rub against her thighs. They both moaned simultaneously. The girl let her knees fall off the edge of the sofa and her croch suddenly banged down onto his. Their breathing became more ragged and their kissing even more violent as they attempted to rub against one another through their jeans. They couldn't sustain the position they were in – half on half off the sofa.

The girl rolled away and stood up over Mark who had slid onto his back on the floor. By the time he had lifted his top off over his head she had slid out of her jeans and stood over him in only a thong.

"Fuck me," was all she said, breathy and with unquestionable intent.

Mark pushed himself up into a half sitting position. He grabbed the sides of her thong and began sliding it down her thighs. At the same time the girl was undoing Mark's jeans and roughly pulling them, and his boxers, to just past his knees. Before either one of them was properly naked the girl moved forward slightly and carefully but swiftly lowered herself onto Mark's huge erection. Mark felt a surge of fire at the bottom of his stomach as her wet pussy swallowed his iron cock. The girl gasped and moaned and struggled to get her breath. Letting out a loud moan she threw her head back and started to ride him. It was all too much for Mark who couldn't hold himself back. No sooner had he matched the movement of her hips with his, did he reach the point of no return. He tensed, let out a full blooded moan of extasy and shot his load straight up into her. As he bucked and thrust to empty himself completely he felt her pussy tighten around him. With vague thoughts of frustration that he hadn't lasted longer, that he hadn't concentrated on stimulating her clit, he felt her fingers rushing against his cock. He saw with tired delight that she was fingering herself wildly as she gripped his waining erection. Her moans intensified and with her head still thrown back she started to cum with loud gasps and groans.

Eventually she fell forward onto him and they kissed deeply and held one another tightly.

"I want to start all over again," whispered Mark. "I don't even know you're name."

"I have to get back to work," she replied. "It'll have to wait until later."

"Later?" Mark asked smiling.

"You're cooking me dinner aren't you."

Some minutes later Mark closed the front door and trudged back up the stairs to his office. He had to acknowledge that there were certain advantages to working from home.