 Lucy slowly opened her eyes and groaned. That awful alarm clock rang hysterically. It had the kind of ring that made one want to throw it at a wall after waking up, and then smash the remains with a hammer. 

"Don't wanna go to work today," she mumbled, covering her face with her hands. 

"And I gotta get rid of that fucking alarm clock."

Travis wrapped an arm around her and got closer to her. 

"Good morning," Lucy said, turning to face her husband.

"Good morning," Travis replied. 

He kissed her, slowly at first, and then forced his tongue into her mouth. Their tongues met and tasted each other. 

He trailed a hand down to her mound of flesh between her thighs. Gently he massaged the area above her clitoris before nudging her thick thighs apart. She was wet. Almost instantly he became aroused. 

"Babe, we gotta get ready for work."

"Live dangerously," he responded slyly. "You worry too much."

"You don't worry enough."

"Of course I do," he replied. "I'm worried that you're so wet."

"Worried or fascinated?" she asked playfully, before rolling him on his back and straddling him. 

"Maybe both."

The couple laughed, easily and freely. Travis' hands found their way around Lucy's thick waist.

"I love you," Travis said earnestly. "I could look up at you all day."

"You flatter me," she said playfully. 

Gently she eased his swollen, thick member into her wet pussy. She closed her eyes and rocked her head back. As he went deeper into her his grip on her waist tightened. Even after 4 years of marriage she was still amazingly tight. 

Slowly she moved her hips and enjoyed her husband's cock inside her, massaging her and grinding that spot that when touched, sent an electric charge down her back. 

She started to move faster and swore under her breath as his cock rubbed on her g-spot even harder. 

Travis gazed up at her and played with one of her nipples, kneading it between his fingers. 

"Fuck me," Travis growled. "FUCK me."

She leaned forward so she could raise her hips up and down. She thrust her hips harder and faster, breaking out into a sweat. 

"I'm gonna cum," Travis moaned. "Let me cum in that mouth of yours babe."

She thrust even harder and said, "Say please."

"Please, "he moaned.

She deftly hopped off his cock and slid it into her mouth. Travis raised his hips up a little. The warmth of her mouth drove him insane.

"Awww fuck, I'm cumming," Travis exclaimed. 

His body shuddered while he came in her mouth. She slid her mouth down on his nearly flaccid dick one last time and allowed her lips to linger at the head. 

"Lie down babe," he whispered. 

Obediently she lay down on her back. He was on his knees, watching his beautiful wife look back at him. He eased her legs open and admired her hairy pussy, watching it glisten in the sun light. He stuck two fingers in and slowly curled them. His other hand travelled up her belly and came to rest on one of her breasts so he could play with a nipple once more. 

Her moans filled the room as he slowly thrust his two fingers in and out. His fingers travelled to her clit and he massaged her there, watching her body respond to him. Her hips bucked, her nipples stood up. Naturally, he became aroused again.

"Look what you've done, babe," Travis said, stroking his hard cock.

She was too enthralled to respond as he brought her closer to climax. Suddenly, that feeling of release washed over her body and her drenched vagina and she climaxed. It came in brief spasms and she cried out with each one. 

Her husband climbed on top of her and entered her slowly. Her sweet pussy was hot and throbbing and her body still trembled as she orgasmed. He placed her legs on his shoulder so he could get in as far as possible, yearning to feel his entire cock inside his wife. She clung to him as he went into her deeper and deeper. 

"Harder, Travis, harder," she breathed. 

He pounded her pussy as she moaned louder and louder. Her pussy was too much for him and he came again. 

Drenched in sweat, they held each other. Eventually their breathing slowed and he Travis rolled onto his side of the bed and took his wife, who was half asleep, into his arms. He knew that neither of them would make it to work that day.