 Laureen's husband Earl was a good provider but he was always on out of town business trips for two to three days at a time. As the area rep for Brabant newspapers he was responsible for selling advertising from one end of the state to the other.

Brabant publisher a series of weekly small-town newspapers in a dozen towns and Earl Simpson's job was to sell display advertisement to the local merchants. With his expense account he managed to do quite well financially.

Laureen enjoyed the lifestyle Earl's salary supported but missed his company being alone so much of the time surrounded by her beautiful suburban home. Even the inground pool in their large back garden did not fill the void left by Earl's constant absence.

Dee Whitney and her husband Al lived next door to the Simpson's. Dee had become Laureen's best friend during the brief six month they had lived on Abbey Court. Like Laureen, Dee was a grass widow as her husband was constantly on the road as a union representative.

Both Laureen and Dee were tall and attractive, Laureen a redhead complete with freckles and Dee a dark hair beauty. That was where the similarity ended, whilst Laureen was very quite and reserved Dee was out going and uninhibited.

The dark hair wife wore provocative clothes and constantly flirted with men during her husband's absence. Whether it was the telephone repairman or a pizza delivery lad she would never fail to have her needs looked after.

Dee was constantly chastising Laureen for not taking advantage of her husband's absence to add variety to her sex life. She revealed how she was fucking men who came to her door for one reason or another. She told Laureen that their husbands were getting their pieces of ass while on the road.

Laureen found it hard to believe Earl was cheating on her but Dee's steady diatribe started her doubting him. Laureen had not been with another man since long before their marriage five years ago. Dee's persistent heckling "what's good for the goose..." got Laureen thinking.

He wasn't handsome and he was old enough to be Laureen's father but he looked safe. Laureen had hired Peter Teichmuller to clean her carpets and he had arrived a bit earlier than 10 am for his appointment and caught Laureen still in her robe.

Laureen was naked beneath the robe and the thought of being so scantily dressed alone with this complete stranger excited her. Ideas flashed through the young wife's mind as the rug cleaner brought his equipment in from his van.

Laureen pointed out the areas she wanted clean and Teichmuller got right to work shampooing the carpet. As the cleaner droned doing its task the aroused wife disappeared into her bedroom to apply her makeup and fix her hair. She exchanged the long terry housecoat for a short semi-transparent number and returned to see how Teichmuller was doing.

Peter looked up from the carpet and saw the almost naked wife coming into the room. With the sunlight behind her naked figure was silhouetted through the thin material of her gown. He could see very detail of her charms and she watched him closely for any sign of disapproval in his eyes.

Laureen's stiff nipples poked out under the sheer gown and Teichmuller's eyes dropped to see that she was completely shaven

"Wunderbar!" Teichmuller gasped.

Laureen had crossed that invisible line and began her journey down the road of being a slut. She slipped her gown off her shoulders and allowed it to drop into a pile around her ankles and stood naked before the astonished carpet cleaner.

"Would you like to fuck me?" she smiled.

They fucked right there in the middle of the living room floor on the still damp carpet. Teichmuller climbed on top of the nude housewife and slid his fat cock into her hungry pussy. Laureen's legs clamped around him like a pair of human vicegrips

The German took his time and savored the young wife's body, slowly thrusting his cock in and out of her tight pussy.

It had been over a week since Laureen had been laid. The past weekend she had been on her period and Earl had opted for a blowjob instead of screwing her. Teichmuller's cock quickly started her juices flowing. 

Her hips gyrated in eccentric circles in symphony with the German's cock sliding in and out of her neglected fuck hole. She contracted her pelvic muscles and thrust her hips upwards in an effort to get maximum penetration from Teichmuller's cock.

"You can come in me." she whispered as her orgasm neared.

Laureen was on the pill and could accept the carpet cleaner's sperm with impunity. 

Her orgasm was better than she had hoped for. On her first episode of infidelity she thought she may be too uptight to allow herself to come. It hit her as fine as any she had had in recent recollection, sending waves of spasms throughout her entire body. Laureen moaned the moan of ecstasy as her fingernails dug into the German's back. She felt her cunt being flooded with his cum.

Like a naughty school girl Laureen could not wait to confess her transgression to Dee.

"It was fucking great!" she said across the kitchen table as they sat over coffee

"I told you that you would like it." Dee bragged.

Laureen gave her neighbor a detailed account of how she had seduced the old man and how they had fucked in the middle of her living room on the wet carpet.

"Do you know Brian Wilson the firefighter who lives on the corner?" Dee asked.

Laureen had seen Wilson coming and going through her living room window. He was a dark hair thirties guy and not bad looking. He had a pretty Portuguese wife and two children, a girl and a boy, both under five-years-old. 

"What about him?" Laureen asked.

"I can set you up with him cause his wife hasn't got time for him." Dee smiled. "We've been fucking for almost a year now." 

Laureen's heart skipped a beat, fucking a neighbor who knew her?

"We can make it a threesome at my place the first time." Dee offered.

Laureen had tasted the forbidden fruit, "OK" she agreed.

Laureen went over to Dee's house half-a-hour before Wilson was due to arrive to get ready. She had just thrown her raincoat on over her naked body. Dee as wearing a pair of sheer baby-dolls and had the bedroom ready for their threesome.

Laureen noticed Dee had set her camcorder up on a tripod at the foot of the bed ready to capture the action. Dee liked to video her encounters for later viewing when she was feeling horny.

Brian snuck in Dee's back door right on schedule to find the two delectable morsels waiting for his cock.

Laureen felt sort of self-conscious as her neighbor scanned her naked body obviously liking what he saw.

"C'mon let's get started." Dee said leading them into her boudoir. 

Dee laid herself across the bed while Brian disrobed. Laureen joined Dee on the bed and watched Wilson removing his clothes. When he pulled down his boxers out popped the most beautiful cock Laureen had seen in a ling time.

He was about seven or eight inches long, fairly thick with a slight upwards curvature. His cockhead was a perfect smooth mushroom that Laureen knew would feel so good in her pussy.

Naked he joined his two paramours on the bed.

Dee immediately went down on him swallowing his erection in her mouth. While Laureen watched she took his entire cock inside her head. Her lips sealed around his shaft and her cheek concave in as she began sucking Brian's meat.

Oh fuck you're such a good cocksucker!" Wilson groaned.

After deepthroating Wilson's cock Dee gave him a few good sucks before relinquishing it to Laureen.

It had been years since the redhead had sucked anyone's cock besides her husband's. Timidly she took the hard on glistening with Dee's saliva in her hand and guided it to her mouth.

It felt bigger than Earl's, thicker and longer. Laureen run her tongue up the underside of it as she sealed her lips around its circumference. Tilting her head back she allowed the smooth head to enter her throat. With expertise Wilson's entire cock passed over Laureen's lower lip. Her thumb and finger encircling the trunk of his cock she began milking his cum into her warm, wet mouth.

Dee left Laureen with her mouth full of cock and moved up to straddle Wilson's face. Pulling the gusset of her panties aside she lowered her pussy onto Brian's mouth. Brian opened his mouth to receive Dee's meaty taco. Wilson's tongue parted Dee's meat curtains seeking her engorged clitoris.

Laureen felt Wilson's cock throbbing in her mouth and she knew he was about to shoot his load. Should she take it in her mouth? She knew if the head of his cock was partway down her throat when he comes his jism would slide directly down her gullet without flooding her tongue with his salty snot. She increased the tempo of her action to bring him over the top. 

Laureen felt it more than tasted it, gobs of warm cum sliding down her gullet as if she was swallowing raw oyster. It felt like quite a large load, two or three good size rounded heaps of snot like cream heading for her belly. 

Having ingested Wilson's sperm Laureen wanted his cock in her pussy so she could get her reward.

Dee was in the throes of her orgasm straddling Wilson's face. 

Satisfied Dee dismounted and Laureen replaced Dee's cunt with her breasts. Wilson's cum soaked lips locked around Laureen's nipple as he begin nursing on her tit. Dee moved back down to resurrect Wilson's exhausted cock.

Dee tasted residual cum of his flaccid prick as she took it into her mouth. He was still wet with Laureen[s saliva. As he suckled on the redhead's tit life begin to return to his cock in Dee's mouth. In minutes he was ready to penetrate a cunt.

"He's ready!" Dee said removing her head from Wilson's restored cock.

Leaving her nipple in Wilson's mouth Laureen swung her leg over his erection and positioned her opening right above its head. She lowered her haunches taking Wilson's cock into her pussy.

He felt good, oh so good! A nice firm cock ready to do her bidding. Laureen slipped down on the firefighter's hose. Laureen slid her cunt up and down on Wilson's pole as if she was polishing it with her vaginal wall as se began to excrete pussy juice onto his cock. 

"Ride it baby!" Dee cheered as her neighbors fucked in her bed.

Wilson was humping under her thrusting his cock upwards into the depths of her desire. Laureen's cunt was doing marvelous things. Each time the cock rammed into her her pussy would gasp as if she had been punched in the belly chomping on his meat like a catfish on a big juicy worm. The redhead could not get enough cock in her.

"Give me a turn!" Dee interrupted.

"Just a minute." Laureen replied.

She could feel her orgasm blossoming and did not want to surrender the cock just yet, another minute of fucking and she would come.

"Fuck me hard." she demanded.

The firefighter grasped her hips and made his supreme effort to bring her to the pinnacle of their fucking.

"Oh yes! Yes!" Laureen cried and the orgasm engulfed her.

Laureen relinquished Wilson's spent cock to Dee. A string of cum stretched from her pussy from his cockhead as she rose off of her stallion.

"Shit that was the best ever!" Laureen smiled.

The pair of wanton housewives spent the better part of the afternoon wearing Wilson out before sending him home top his wife and kids.

The following day Dee revealed her scheme to Laureen over coffee in the Simpson's kitchen.

"We can make a fortune." Dee pleaded.

Laureen's neighbor had suggested they set up a call-girl business. The two of them could entertain a parade of men charging big bucks for the privilege of fucking a horny wife. Dee said she knew enough guys to get then started and once the word got out they would be fucking every day. 

Laureen was uncertain, having the odd piece of ass now and again was one thing but becoming a paid whore was something different.

"How much do you think they would pay?" Laureen asked curiously.

"At least a hundred bucks!" Dee answered.

A hundred dollars for doing something she loved doing anyway, it sounded too good.

"OK, I will try it." Laureen agreed her horny pussy winning the argument.

"I'll call Angelo and let him know." Dee happily smiled.

Angelo Castiglioine was one of Dee's earliest extra-marital lovers. The forty-five-year-old used car lot manager had seduced her when she had purchased her Mazda Percidia from him.

Angelo was a generously proportioned second-generation Canadian coming from Sicilian stock. He had a gorgeous statuesque trophy wife and allegedly connected with the local Mafia boss. He lived in a swank house on a hilltop overlooking a large inground pool and mixed in the right circles to set the girls up in the business.

Ken Knickles didn't mind dropping a c-note to fuck a girl new in the business. Knickles was in the wholesale jeweler business, not precious stones but just the costume stuff. He made a good buck flogging his stuff to the East Indians who had booths at the flea markets and festivals.

In his late forties the short blonde guy had been laid-off by Westinghouse after working in their marketing division for almost twenty years. Drifting from low paying job to job his wife had left him to live with their daughter and son-in-law. One of Knickles last pleasures in life was poking a good looking prostitute.

Angelo had given him Laureen's number explaining he would be her first paying customer. 

Knickles met Laureen in the Town Manor bar as arranged. He couldn't believe his eyes when he saw the red hair knockout, she was much better than he had dared to expect. Knickles had always had a fondness for redheads but until now had never had one.

After exchanging small talk over a drink they headed upstairs to the room Knickles had booked.

Laureen was apprehensive about to under go her baptism by fire. She was determined to give Knickles his money's worth.

Laureen had dressed to impress her first client. Her bra and panties were an expensive Victoria's Secret matching set, the bra just half-cup pushup with her nipples peaking over the top and the panties French-cut bikinis that barely concealed her mons. Laureen had never bought such expensive underwear before but looked at it as an investment in her career.

The bra and panties were silver gray silk decorated by tiny pink roses. A scarlet garter belt held up her red thigh high stockings. All this beauty was covered with an elegant black sheath dress with spaghetti straps over her freckled shoulders. 

They were silent in the elevator as they rode up to the fourth floor with a businessman sharing the lift with them. The forthcoming events were flooding Laureen's mind as the walked down the carpeted hallway to room 410.

In the style of the Town Manor the room was decorated in a Spanish motif. A large lithograph of a matador challenging El Toro hung over the head of the spacious bed. The furnishings were of a rich hue mahogany.

Knickles headed to the mini-bar fridge to get them a drink.

Laureen slipped into the bathroom to remove her dress and fix her hair and makeup. Minutes later she emerged in her lingerie ensemble. Knickles handed her a glass containing an ice cube and some amber color liquid while he approvingly scanned the body that was about to be his to use.

Laureen tasted her drink and found it was a strong concoction of whiskey and ginger ale. She sat in an upholstered wing-back chair and took her cigarettes from her purse. 

Knickles rushed to gallantly light her cigarette for her as she put it between her full lips. Laureen inhaled and blew out a cloud of blue smoke.

What would you like first?" she asked.

"Do you suck cock?" Knickles asked.

"Yours I do." Laureen answered bashfully 

She rose from her chair and walked to where Knickles sat on the edge of the bed. Dropping to her stocking knees she unfastened his trousers. Laureen's hand dug into the open trousers and funding what she was looking for she brought out Knickles' erection. It was a beautiful cock with a large mushroom head capping about seven inches of thick shaft. Laureen opened her mouth and dropped her head onto his cock.

Knickles felt his cock being swallowed into the redhead's warm, wet mouth. Her tongue caressing it as her lips sealed around his mid-shaft. He filled his hands with Laureen's fiery red hair.

Laureen was getting pretty good at sucking cocks. She was not squeamish like other girls about putting cocks in her mouth and soon learned how to maneuver tem into a comfortable position to get them off. She liked to have the guy's cockhead as far back into her throat as possible so when her came his load would slither right down without backing up filling her mouth. For Laureen allowing cum escaping her mouth was a sign of a sloppy blow job.

Knickles groaned like all guys did when the redhead had them in her mouth. She knew her mouth had more control on a cock than her cunt did and she could take the guy on a trip from one peak to another letting his slowly subside when he got too close just to start tantalizing his cock again when he was off guard. Laureen found herself playing this cat and mouse game with Knickles' cock.

Laureen's jaw began to ache so she decided to bring Knickles to his climax. He was deep in her throat with her left hand gently cupping his balls when her teeth lightly scraped down the length of his shaft, this always got them off.

His cum came all at once, powerful spurts of thick, creamy snot firing out of his cum cannon in rapid succession. Laureen lurched forward driving him further down her throat as she collected his sperm. Knickles groaned as he emptied his balls into her.

Triumphantly Laureen withdrew Knickles' spent cock from her mouth, his sperm glistening on her lips.

"God, where did you learn to suck cock like that?" an exhausted Knickles asked.

"My mother taught me!" Laureen smiled.

Laureen knew she would have some time before Knickles was ready to go again. She did a little strip routine while Knickles watched her from the bed.

First off came her bra allowing her breasts to spill out into his view. She sat in the chair and carefully unfastened the tops of her stockings and peeled them seductively down her long legs flicking them off of her toes. She stood once again to unfasten the garter belt.

Knickles watched fascinated as Laureen's thumbs hooked under the waistband of her expensive panties. Like the unveiling of work of art she tugged the bit of silk slowly down over her hips revealing her smooth cock receptacle. Knickles could feel himself sliding into her warm, most pocket already.

Laureen sat naked on the bed beside him and kissed his lips. Knickles' hand went to her bare breast as he responded to her passionate kiss.

"I want you in me." She whispered into his ear.

Knickles could feel the life flowing back into his limp cock as Laureen's warm breath entered is ear and her breast felt like a soft lump of pizza dough that required kneading. Releasing her breasts his hand went to her pussy, she was ready!

"Take me." She said lying back onto the bed.

Knickles climbed on top of the horizontal redhead's waiting body. Legs spread-eagle Laureen awaited her lover's cock.

The head of Knickles' cock found the entrance to Laureen's gasping cunt which swallowed it like a hungry python. Inch after inch of his cock slid into the pretty redhead's warm cage. Laureen moaned softly as his ball pressed against her.

With Knickles cock buried deep within her womanhood Laureen wrapped her long legs around his hips in an octopus grip. Pulling him securely inside of her she began to grind his meat with the gyrations of her cunt.

Knickles moaned as her vaginal wall squeezed and pulled at his cock as her mouth had done previously. Knickles could not endure any further torture and he forfeited another load of his sperm to the whore wife.
