 "You know Phil, I wish you would call me Breezy."

He looked over the top of his menu at his 22 year old assistant and asked her, "Why would I call you that, Beatrice?"

Breezy smiled and ran her hand through her unnaturally black shoulder length hair, "Because that's what all of his friends call me." 

"It would feel a little presumptuous; I'm almost twice your age."

Breezy sat boring a hole through his sole with her eyes. Not for the first time, he tried to figure out what she would look like if she dressed a little more feminine. He knew she was goth or emo or whatever it's called these days on her own time and she toned down her look to be a little more professional on the job, but she always dressed a little boyish, hiding the curves of her hips and ass. Despite the fact she kept her body covered up, Phil could tell she was a lovely woman under there somewhere. 

Breezy playfully said, "I'm hurt, I thought we were friends." She winked one of her bright blue eyes at him.

"Okay Breezy, you win." He paused as she smiled at her victory. "Just during dinner tonight." Her smile became a petulant pout.

Phil had always resisted being too familiar with his female subordinates because he didn't think it would be appropriate for him to even appear to flirt with the girls that work for him. The only reason he brought her with him on this trip alone was the fact that she claimed to not be into men. He once overheard Tracy, a hopeful girl in the office, ask if she was lesbian and Breezy had quickly, quietly and definitively said no. Still, her 'no men' pledge meant it was unlikely that anyone else in the office (or his wife, not that she seemed to care) would think that she was trading sex for a promotion. 

After dinner they regrouped in his hotel room to go over the proposal they were presenting the next day. While they went over the details, Breezy took off her shoes to get more comfortable and he noticed a series of small tattoos on the top of her right foot that formed a trail up her ankle and disappeared under her pant leg. They were small stars, hearts, diamonds, swirls, and other various charms. Near her toes the trail was narrow, only a quarter inch wide, as it reached her ankle the trail had gradually widened until it was about an inch wide.

When he looked up, he saw she was watching him study her foot.

"Do you like what you see?" she asked playfully.

"It's interesting. I've never really seen a tattoo up close. How far up your leg do they go?"

"All the way to my shoulder." She pointed to a spot on the front of her left shoulder.

"I never noticed before."

"I keep them covered in the office." She sat on the bed and motioned him over to sit next to her. "You can take a closer look if you want."

When he sat down Breezy put her foot in his lap. He brushed his fingers over the colorful images and pushed the loose leg of her masculine suit pants up to get a better look. She had gorgeous legs that he massaged as he ran his fingers over the little pictures inked into her pale, creamy white skin. He pushed her pant leg all the way up past her knee. He was mesmerized by the images and enjoyed the soft feel of her leg while he caressed her flesh so much that he lost track of himself. It had been too long since he had last tenderly touched a woman.

Breezy cleared her throat bringing him back into the real world.

"Very pretty." He said referring to her leg more than the tattoos.

"You have great hands." She said. He had touched her in just the right way to stoke a fire in her. "Your wife is a lucky woman." Reminding him and herself that he had other obligations.

"You should tell her. She doesn't like to be touched." He said too much. His wife and he still had a sex life, but that was it, only sex. No caressing or cuddling. She laid there like she was duty bound and let him do his thing a few times a month. He would lick between her legs until she was wet, then mount her. He wasn't sure if he still loved her, things weren't the same as when they first married. She loathed more contact than required. He was becoming more certain everyday that she didn't love him; he was only a meal ticket. He would complain but he was getting a lot more sex than his friends who only got sex on their birthdays or if they got their wives really drunk. Maybe he could work it out. Find what was lost.

"Her loss." Breezy said as she looked down at her foot, which Phil was still holding in his lap. He figured she was asking him to let go, but he really wanted to keep on going, even if it wasn't going to lead to anything else.

"How about a foot massage?" Phil offered.

"Awesome!" He was a little surprised at how quickly and enthusiastically she responded. She put her other foot in his lap too.

He stood up letting her feet drop. "Lay flat on the bed." He ordered. When she was situated, he pulled her pants up her slim legs as far as they would go, exposing her to about mid thigh. He started on her left foot and gradually worked his way up to the pant cuffs stretched around her thigh, and then he moved to the other foot and repeated the process. Breezy would moan and writhe around when he hit the right spots. After he finished with her exposed skin, he lightly trace his fingers along the inside of her thigh over the tattoos. He joked, "If you want me to keep going the pants will have to come off."

She didn't hesitate one moment. Her hands fiddled with the front of her pants and an instant later, she had them off. His eyes searched over her 5 foot 4 inch body. Breezy had a great figure. She had slender legs wide hips and a small firm butt. She laid back in her black low cut cotton panties. He could see a hint of her narrow waist disappearing under the dress shirt she wore. 'Too bad I'm married and she's not into guys' he thought. He found her very desirable.

Phil went back to work on her left leg starting at the knee. As he worked her thigh, he felt a little guilty, he was getting way too much enjoyment out of this. He was hard in his pants. He hoped she didn't notice. When he reach her underwear line he switched legs. The tattoos on her right leg stayed toward the inside of her thigh before disappearing into her knickers next to her pubic mound. The tattoo trail was about two inches wide in this area.This time she moaned and grunted throughout the massage. He spent way too much time in the gap between her thighs and got way too close to her covered privates. He even palmed her covered ass a few times. They had long since crossed the line of what could be seen as appropriate. He would have stopped, but Breezy kept encouraging him to keep going. She would gasp, "yes" or moan "right there" at the exact moments he thought he had gone to far. Twice he pulled back when he felt he was in a danger zone (like the first time he squeezed her ass) and she would say, "no, don't stop."

She wanted him. She wasn't going to make the first move, but if he did she was planning on saying yes, and he seemed to be well on his way.

When he was done, he lightly traced the path of tattoos again. Breezy looked like she really enjoyed his light brushes so he got bold enough to allow his fingers follow the trail all the way to her underwear.

"Where does it go from here?" He asked tracing around her cotton covered mound, asking about both the tattoo trail and the path of sexual interaction they were on.

Breezy shuddered and squealed under her breath in time with his light touches on her mons. She didn't verbally respond as she pulled the bottom hem of her shirt up to just below her breasts. The tattooed path exited her panties in the center below her navel. It veered off to the left side of her flat abdomen and went up the side of her ribcage as far as he could see.

He seemed stuck, so Breezy sat up and asked, "Will you do full body?" 

Phil nodded and she pulled her shirt over her head before laying back. She was not wearing a bra. She was so small up top she didn't need one for support. The tattoos stayed to the left of her breasts and curved around the top of them until they ended on the front of her left shoulder.

He gawked until she said, "Don't just stare, you can look while you work."

He gave her a full frontal massage. Including her breasts. 

"Sorry, not much to work with." She joked while he worked his fingers into them.

"They're perfect." He assured her. "Beautiful" he tweaked her nipple. 

"Oh god" she breathed and her body convulsed. She was so responsive to his touch he had forgotten that she didn't want advances from a man.

He kneeled by her side and leaned down to lick the tattoo where it started on her shoulder. his tongue traced it down and detoured to her nipple for a minute or two. Breezy's hands were in his hair encouraging him. He licked his way to her underwear and nibbled and licked her mound through the material. He stimulated her clit as best as he could. He could tell she was shaved smooth.

Suddenly, she pushed Phil away frantically. He figured that she finally realized what exactly they were doing and was trying to stop him, but she stripped off the panties and spread her bent legs presenting her opening to him. He dove in without reservation and ate her out. He licked quickly at her clit while massaging her g-spot with his finger. After her second full body climax she begged him to stop.

While trying to catch her breath she said, "You shouldn't be that good."

He arched an eyebrow at her.

"I have only dated punk guys my age and the sex has been pitiful. I've kind of sworn off physical relationships until I meet someone worthwhile." She whispered, "I just masturbate a lot these days."

"Me too." Phil admitted.

Breezy went on "I only joke about not liking guys to keep the men in the office away. I never thought an old straight laced guy like you would be so much better. You are supposed to be an old bore not a sex god."

He couldn't help but smile at the backhanded compliment. "I did okay?" He inquired.

"The best I ever had, damn you." She hit his arm. "You just blew everyone who ever touched me out of the water. They aren't even a close second. Get your clothes off, I feel like I should do something for you."

"You don't have to." I offered. "We've taken this too far to be appropriate already."

"No, I'm curious about the rest of you. Get your pants off."

He stripped and she had him lay on the bed. Breezy kneeled between his knees and inspected his angry red manhood. She wrapped her tiny hand around his circumcised thickness. Some of his fluids leaked from the head of his member and down on to her hand. She brought her hand up to her face and sniffed before tentatively licking it off.

"Not bad." She said before leaning down to lick the fluid directly off the head of his hardness. She licked at it quickly like he had licked at her clit. She would take him into her mouth and suck for a few seconds, but stop way too soon and go back licking. She pumped his shaft between sucking but would stop too soon with that as well. He laid there enjoying the sensations but she was never going to get him off with this technique. He told has as much.

"Sorry" she said. "I've never given head."

"You've never given head to a man at all?"

"No. I always thought it was gross."

"I feel the same way. I don't suck dick either." He joked with her. "Maybe we could try something else?"

"Sure. There's a problem though." She said.

"Problem?"

"There is no way this big thing," she shook his dick at him, "will fit inside me."

"That's really sweet of you to say, but I don't think that is an issue."

"I don't know."

"Just lay back." He encouraged her. 

'So much for not getting too familiar with the ladies in the office', he thought. He was just about to penetrate one's pussy.

She laid there with her feet by her cute ass and knees spread wide while he kneeled between her thighs. "Go easy." She nervously pleaded.

"I will." He assured her. There was one more thing though, "Uh, are you protected?" Phil asked.

"Shit. No, I have never had enough sex to be worried about getting pregnant before. Do you have a rubber or anything with you?"

"No, I've never slept with a girl on a business trip before."

Breezy was really disappointed. "Next time I'll bring some. That way your wife won't notice." He thought that was very considerate.

Now he was disappointed. "So, we will wait for next time, Bea."

Sexy little Breezy laid there with a pensive expression for a few seconds. She knew that this was her only shot with him. Once they got home he would come to his senses and she would never get a second chance. "No, I can't wait. Just promise not to cum in me. And please call me Breezy. You just had your tongue in my pussy for crying out loud."

Always the gentleman (well, as much of one as he can be considering he was cheating on his wife) he asked, "Where do you want it?"

"You can shoot it anywhere, just not in his pussy."

"On you?"

"Sure, just not inside."

He rubbed the head of his dick up and down along her very wet but very tight opening. He squeezed just the head inside.

"Wait, Wait!" Breezy urgently shouted. "You are stretching me to the limit." He waited for her to get used to the feeling. "Okay, just go slow."

He pushed in and out in very shallow stokes. She looked like she was enjoying it but whenever he pushed further she would wince. He settled into a rhythm stroking only about 3 inches in and out. He settled his body on top of hers and maintained the quick short thrusts. Breezy wrapped her arms around his shoulders and kissed him deeply. She grunted and blushed as she came for her first time on a cock. With the shallow penetration, he still wasn't getting all the attention he needed to get off. When she started to get very wet and it felt like she was loosening up, Phil sat up and slowly pushed more dick into tight little body.

Phil pushed forward. "Oh!" she screamed. He pushed more in. "Yeah! Give it all to me!" she grabbed his ass with both hands and hooked her legs behind his back. She was pulling him into her, so he fed the rest of his 7 inch member into her. When he bottomed out. "Yes!" she yelled triumphantly.

He grabbed her hips, moving slowly at first but built up until he pounded her hard. At this point, he was barreling toward his finish with reckless abandon. She was only along for the ride now but it looked like she didn't mind too much.

He was amazing as far as she was concerned. She kept cumming. 

Just before his finale, he pulled out and started to jack his shaft. He intended to spray her stomach. He never got to cum on his wife anymore so this was going to be a special treat. 

Breezy slapped his hand away from his cock. Her eyes narrowed as she glared at him. He thought he had done something wrong until she said, "Mine" and started to jack him herself. "This belongs to me now." She growled. She pumped faster.

Phil let loose his torrent. The first jet hit her face forcefully. She laughed and giggled while she directed the rest to her tits and stomach. She was covered in the largest cum shot of his life. 

"Wow" Phil said while admiring Breezy's body coated in his fluids.

"Wow, indeed." Breezy said. She licked some of the mess off her hand. "Mmm, not bad."

Breezy was definitely a keeper.

"I'm going back to my room." Breezy declared.

"Really, I was hoping we could sleep together, Beatrice."

Breezy explained, "My name is Breezy and there is no way I'll let you sleep as long as we are in this bed together. We'll both be so tired we will blow the presentation tomorrow."

"Okay, Breezy." He conceded.

Breezy smiled sweetly, "Tomorrow after we nail the presentation, I'll let you nail me too. We'll buy a box of condoms and see if we can use them all."

"Sounds good."

***

Breezy smiled to herself as she walked back to her room. She was planning how to get rid of his idiot wife. Anyone who didn't have the sense to take advantage of his bedroom talents properly didn't deserve him. 

She finally found someone who knew how to touch her, like hell she was going to let him get away. And she wasn't the kind of girl to share. If she had her way he would never touch another woman besides her after tonight.