 Warning, this story contains adultery. If that bothers you please read one of my other stories.

And as always, keep in mind this is a story meant to be light and fun. Don't take it too seriously. For some reason chapter 1 generated a lot of hate mail (and positive comments too). Lighten up. It's just a fantasy, no lives have been harmed in the making of it.

Normally I don't recap past chapters but since it has been so long I'll try to give some background as I go so that this chapter can stand on its own. I encourage you to go back and read chapter 1 anyway.

Enough talk. Here it is:

***

Breezy added an extra twist to her gait as she walked into Phil's office. She loved the way her new polka dot dress swirled around her legs when she swung her hips. It made her feel girly. She never wore girlish clothes, so this was a fun, new sensation. She decided it was time to leave behind her boyish clothes she normally wore to hide her body and remind Phil at every possible moment she was a woman and she demanded his attention.

Phil awed at the sight of Breezy strutting toward him. This was the first time he had seen her since they parted ways at the airport after their business trip and the transformation since then was magnificent. She wore a fifties style, navy blue dress, with white dots that clung to her slim body. Her black hair done fifties style too. Her red painted lips exploded off her powdered white face. Everything was so starkly contrasted, Phil thought that she like she had leapt from the pages of a graphic novel. Whether she was the heroine or villain he was unsure. The only thing certain, she wasn't a damsel in distress. She could never be that. 

Her 5 foot 4 height was augmented by 3 inch heels that helped her long slender legs and firm little ass look even better. He could just make out the tattoos trailing up her leg through the opaque black nylons stretched up her legs. He could not help but stare at the lively action her hips displayed. This womanly sex appeal was in such stark contrast to her normal look he could not look away.

She revelled in the response she was getting from Phil. She'd already withstood the leering of all the other office boys, but it was this man that she was dressed for. She admired him sitting at his desk. He might be just shy of twice her age of 22 at 42 years old, but he was trim and fit. The slight gray at the temples of his short brown hair and the mild weathering of his face only added to his appeal as far as Breezy was concerned. 

She admitted to herself that her judgement might be skewed by her infatuation with him and the fact she thought he was a god in bed. She also found some enjoyment in the irony that he was so clean cut compared to her style. The fact they looked a bit out of place together fit her contrarian attitude.

The look he currently had on his face was worth the time she had spent clothes shopping and primping. His mouth was dropped open and his eyes darted all over her body. She did a little twirl for him and watched his eyes drink in the sight.

"Wow, Bea. You look," He searched for the right word, one that would not violate HR policies. As though fucking her last week had been in policy.

"Yes?" She wanted to hear the end of that statement, so she let his failure to call her Breezy slide.

Having lost track of his thoughts, he tried to figure out what she was asking. "What?"

"You were saying, I look-?" 

"Amazingly beautiful."

She blushed like a silly girl. She loved his praise more than she had expected. "Someone reminded me of what it feels like to be a woman." She explained.

"Yes, about that," he started.

Breezy expected him to have 'The Talk' with her today, but she was not going to let him ruin the buzz she was feeling yet. "Later." She swished back out of his office. She called over her shoulder, "Find me later. Maybe you can cum with me at lunch." She winked. "If you are feeling lucky."

She left him dumb. She felt great. She felt like a goddess. Breezy ignored every other person in the office. They seemed to understand that she was not available for them and if anyone said anything out of place she'd tear their balls off, or whatever the female equivalent would be. She was a wrecking ball.

Phil watched after the monster he had unleashed on the office. He had hoped to talk his way out of the situation. Now, he prayed it was still possible to survive.

***

At lunch time Phil asked Breezy to join him for 'The Talk'. He took her to an upscale oceanside boardwalk restaurant that had relatively private seating.

Once they were left to the isolation of their booth, Phil opened up the conversation referring to the awesome sex they had had while on the business trip, "We shouldn't have done what we did."

She responded with a phrase she had specially picked out for this moment, "If you even hint that it meant nothing to you, I'll make a scene."

Not letting her throw him off balance, "It's not that. I just can't do it again."

Impressed he didn't miss a beat she moved on to her next preselected phrase. "Just be honest. Did you enjoy me?"

"Lord yes, it was the best sex of my life."

She scored a hit. Breezy cheered herself for knocking Phil off topic. "Good. We need to keep doing it."

"Bea, it was wrong."

Now he was throwing her off by refusing to call her Breezy. It frustrated her to no end, which she thought was probably his intention. She let out an irate growl. "Breezy. Call me fucking Breezy. You've fucked me, I don't know how many times, you have to call me Breezy now. It's the law."

"Seven"

"Seven what?"

"We had sex six times that afternoon and into the night after we closed the sale. Plus the once the night before."

The waitress walked up just in time to hear the last part of the conversation and based on the size of her eyes she had understood what she heard. "I can come back." She blurted.

"No we're ready to order." Breezy said. Then she confided to the waitress, "And he made me cum every single time."

The waitress made a impressed face as her eyes appraised Phil in a whole new light. Phil reddened from embarrassment. Breezy loved it when he went shy like this. It was intolerably cute.

"I'll have the shrimp louie salad." Breezy announced cheerfully.

"Same for me." Not having even heard what Breezy had ordered, he said it just to get rid of the girl.

Phil returned to the topic of their affair, "It was wrong, we can't do it again. I'm sorry I was weak. I should have been stronger."

Breezy thought, 'Shit, he's back on topic.' She said, "Trust me, your performance was plenty strong and it wasn't wrong. Nothing that feels that right can be wrong."

"It's cheating. It's not fair to my wife and it's not fair to you."

"You have a point there." She had let him have the moment because for once, he was right. Cheating was wrong. So, it was simple, she had to evict the bitch wife so she could move in. So simple she wondered why it wasn't self evident to him. She explained, "Phil, we just need for you to not be married anymore. I'll keep sleeping with you while you work on that, but you're on the clock. So get to work."

Phil was flabbergasted. There was no talking sense to her.

Feeling that she had won 'The Talk' with her last salvo, she went on to something new. "There is another sales trip coming up. To Chicago. I feel my performance on the last trip should justify you taking me again." 

Phil heard every bit of intentional innuendo and shook his head. "Breezy, you are too much."

"I know. But seriously, I want to handle that sale."

"I'll think about it." 

Breezy smiled because she heard 'Yes' in his answer. Phil saw her smile and knew he was going to say yes.

***

That was almost a week ago. Now Breezy sat in her car on a Saturday morning waiting for her opportunity to make something happen all the while thinking about what a sweet guy Phil was. He really was trying to do the right thing. Too bad he hadn't figured out that the right thing was to end his marriage and be with her. 

Breezy was feeling frisky. This morning she had woken up thinking about Phil and playing with herself. She made an executive decision that she had to convince Phil he should do the job for her. 

Breezy laughed at herself, "I guess I'm reduced to being a creepy stalker now."

She was waiting for someone to go somewhere. Both Phil and his bitch wife were home. She needed one of them to leave. She would follow whoever left and accidentally run into them wherever they went. She hoped it would be Phil, then she could try to talk him into coming back to her place for some afternoon delight or kidnap him if he played hard to get (she was beginning to feel desperate). But it needed to be the bitch that she followed if she was going to start her plan into motion.

Finally someone was leaving. "Darn, it's the wife. No sex today." She muttered to herself. 

Breezy was taken aback by how young and pretty Phil's wife was. She recognized her from the photo on Phil's desk, but that picture didn't do her justice. She looked to be in her early thirties and in very good shape. Breezy muttered to the car, "Figures she would be a blonde bombshell with fantastic cantaloupe sized tits. Couldn't be married to a hag, could you Phil?" Breezy felt a bit intimidated and inadequate. She felt this woman was far prettier than herself. How was she going to steal Phil away from that? Breezy felt plain in her baby tee and tight jeans. Her braless boobs didn't even try to fill in the flat front panel of the top.

No wait, Phil was leaving too. He was wearing board shorts and a v-neck tee.

Breezy was drooling over his flat stomach and wide shoulders. His hair was a bit messy and he had a dark foreboding look. He looked a little pissed off.

"Shit, he's gorgeous too. They do make a pretty couple."

She was slow to realize they were both leaving together. Breezy hadn't really considered this possibility. She followed them wondering what to do.

They pulled into the parking lot of a home improvement warehouse store. She parked at a discreet distance, grabbed a shopping cart, and followed them in.

She found a little irony in the fact that she was watching Phil and his wife unsuccessfully attempt to get help from a sales clerk while she seemed to be fending off young men in orange aprons left and right. She felt like she was in a swarm of bees. She had not gotten this level of attention when she dressed boyish so she was having trouble managing it. 

Finally, she formulated a plan. She had one of the eagerly helpful sales boys put a tall door mirror in her cart and when he tried to offer more assistance she left the disappointed guy in her dust as she chased after the unhappy couple. She practically ran them over, pushing her cart into the gap between Phil and his beautiful wife. Her huge mirror hung precariously out of the cart nudging his stomach, prodding him further from the woman he had shared nuptials with.

Phil's eyes got huge. "Breezy, what are you doing here?" 

It pleased her that he finally called her Breezy without being prompted. The fact that he had done it in a moment of surprise confirmed her suspicion that he was persistently calling her Bea on purpose in order to irritate her.

"Getting a mirror." She grinned at his terror. "You look good when you're not wearing your business suit." She teased in a small, coy girl's voice. She thought he looked delicious and she wanted to eat him up.

Missing the double meaning of Breezy's statement his wife asked, "Phil, do you know this girl?" 

Phil was still frozen so Breezy answered. "I work with him. I've been under him recently, so to speak." She saw his eyes darken, warning her.

"I'm Judy, Phil's wife." She looked down at Breezy's mirror that was wedged between her and Phil. "What a lovely mirror."

"Yeah. I hope I don't break it. I have no idea how I'm going to hang it on my own."

Judy made a cutting remark, "Phil can be handy if he wants to be." She lighten her tone. "Maybe he can help."

Thinking of the full body massage and groping he had given her, it took everything she had not to laugh as she said, "I bet he's good with his hands."

Phil was now giving her the evil eye. Breezy playfully stuck her tongue out at him while Judy's head was turned looking for a salesman.

"Does anyone work here?" Judy asked. "We're here to get ideas for tile. It's too bad he doesn't know anything about tile. We may need to hire someone."

Breezy perked up. "I can do tile. Maybe we can husband swap, though I don't have anyone to offer in exchange. I'll borrow Phil to do some poking around at my place." Judy was so oblivious and unaware it was disappointing Breezy. She felt like she was fighting an unarmed opponent. She wondered how far she could push her little game. So she kept getting more obvious with her sexual innuendo. "Then I'll come over and help him get laid, I mean, get the tile laid." Still, not even a twitch from one of Judy's perfect facial muscles. 

"I wouldn't want to impose." Judy answered.

"Trust me it's no imposition. I don't mind getting on my knees and going to work." Still no response from Judy. Breezy wondered just how dense she was.

While receiving menacing looks from Phil, Judy told her, "That would be great."

Breezy went to Judy's side and offered her assistance with picking out tiles. She and Judy picked out the perfect tile which Phil and Judy would come back and buy after Breezy helped Phil measured their floor. Phil was giving her the silent treatment the entire time, which Judy seemed oddly unaware of. 

As they left the store Breezy had a moment of inspiration and boldly asked. "Can I borrow Phil today?"

"Sure, I don't need him around." There was a little bite in her comment as there had been whenever their conversation referenced Phil. It seemed they might have had a fight earlier today. They both had that thick cloud of, 'I'm still mad and you're going to hear about it later' hanging over them.

"I can think of some other things I may want him to attend to, can I keep him for a while. I don't have a man around too often."

"Keep him all day. I'm going to my father's house and I won't be back until late anyway."

Breezy turned to Phil, "Can you help me get this in the car? Maybe you can come to my place with me. I can take you later. Home that is."

Phil was about to issue his protest, but Judy talked over him, "That would be perfect. See you later dear." And she left without a goodbye kiss or even a glance back. A few moments later she drove away, unaware she was abandoning Phil to the woman who was trying to steal him away permanently.

Once Judy was gone, Phil remarked to Breezy, "I hate you."

"No you don't. You are very fond of me. In fact, you adore me."

"Not right this second."

"It's just your foul mood. You can take your frustrations out on me after we hang this mirror. I just spent $80 I don't have on a mirror. You are going to make it worth my trouble."

"You planned this."

"Not really. I was winging it the whole time."

"I know how to put tile down. I was trying to get out of doing this project. We don't need new tile. She's just using it as a way to get at me. Make me spend money on her I don't want to. Thanks for foiling my escape plan. You're going to make it worth my while too."

"Stop quacking like duck. Let's get this in the car."

***

They went to her place and hung the mirror in short order. Phil wasted no time. As they stood admiring the new mirror attached to the closet in her one room apartment he placed his hand her shoulder and pressed down while his other hand opened his shorts and brought his fat 7 inch circumcised erection into the open air.

He watched in the mirror as he gripped her hair with one hand and pressed his cock into her mouth. It was erotic to watch from an outside perspective as she sucked.

Her blow job skills seemed to have greatly improved. She was maintaining a steady rhythm this time.

"That feels wonderful. Please don't stop."

"Mmm hmm" She nodded with his dick in her mouth.

He watched the bulbous head sliding in and out. After a couple minutes he was almost ready to cum but she pulled back. She slowly pumped his cock with her hand and smiled up at him.

"Please keep going. That is the best feeling ever." He begged.

From her knees Breezy wondered about his desperation so she asked, "Does Judy ever blow you?"

"Not since we got married."

"Oh." She considered what he was saying. "Well, don't worry, I'll take care of that from now on." 

She took him back into her mouth. Sucked for a second and stopped. "You'll warn me right?"

"Of course. Just finish me. Okay?"

She almost laughed, but then she thought about how badly she would beg if he didn't take her all the way. 

From her knees, while using her hand to pump him slowly, she asked him, "Can we pretend you are making me blow you in exchange for a raise? You could say crazy things like, 'your raise is in there somewhere, keep sucking until you get it out'."

"Yes. I'd like that."

"You've already been imagining that haven't you."

"Yes." He was dying for her to finish him.

"The other girls in the office too?"

"Over the years every pretty young lady has had a turn on her knees in my mind. But recently only you." He sounded concerned about how she might take this news.

She assured him, "I'm not jealous." She got a wicked grin. "You'd be surprised how many of those girls have imagined the exact same thing. You should hear them talk about you."

She started sucking again. He had one hand in her hair. She could not get much in her mouth, he was too big, so she sucked on the end and pumped with her hand. 

"You'll need to try harder if you expect to impress me with your work ethic."

She increased her pace. 

"That's right, show me why you are my favorite employee."

A few minutes later he started to grunt and thrust into her mouth. "Oh god. Here it cums." he weakly mewwed. 

Breezy pulled back and tried to jack his seed into her left hand. She caught some of it 

but he still geysered most of his spray onto her shirt and jeans. 

She shrugged and wiped her hands on her already dirty shirt.

She stood and kissed him. With her arms around his neck she said, "How did I do on my performance review."

"You surpassed expectations."

She pulled her cum and spit soiled shirt off over her head her and slipped her splattered jeans down her legs.

Phil's eyes washed over her body. Her small chest was braless as usual. Breezy stood in low cut, fluorescent orange, cotton, bikini briefs. Thin purple knee socks adorned her long slim legs. Her hips naturally raked back in a ballerina pose. 

"Damn, you are sexy." He pressed his body against hers from behind. His hands trailed up her sides and came to rest on her sensitive nipples.

She leaned back against him and let out a long sigh of pleasure, "Oh god." She rasped. "How do you do that? A little brush of your fingers and I'm on fire." She pressed her panty cover ass against his still exposed boner. Phil took her earlobe between his teeth, the fingers on his right hand found their way into her panties and splashed through the river running through gap between her thighs.

"I sense your foul mood has improved." She said.

"I feel like a million dollars."

"A blow job will do that I suppose."

He responded by tweaking her left nipple and drag his middle finger on his right hand upward through the cleft of her vagina pressing against her clit. 

"I can think of something else that will improve my mood even more."

"You need to stop." she moaned.

"Neither one of us wants that."

"I know, but we'll be late."

"Late for what?"

"Our date. You're taking me out."

"I am?"

"Yes. We are going out. Then, if you are good, I'll invite you in for coffee after."
