 After closing and locking the door to the house I turned and followed my lithe 27 year old daughter-in-law, Callee, towards the car. It was impossible not to admire the trim athletic shape in front of me. From behind her long blond hair hung down to the middle of her back. The skin tight top she wore followed the taper of her body to her small waist. Her hips flared out and her back led my eye to her full rounded behind.

I knew these intimate details because I had just enjoyed a wild romp in the hay with this sweet young beauty. I could clearly remember the feel of her firm small breasts with their pointy nipples crowned with a peanut sized nubbin. They had hardened as I fondled and then sucked and nibbled on them.

Her skin was a smooth milky white and almost blemish free. Between her thighs her pussy was covered by a light growth of blonde hair. Her ass was firm and round. Her legs were nicely formed with full rounded thighs and trim calves and thin ankles.

All in all Callee presented a very nice package.

Callee liked to dress to show off her trim figure. When she had come out of the room after dressing she had been wearing a skin tight silk blouse and tight jeans.

She looked yummy but I had other thoughts. We were going out to Staples to buy some school supplies for the grand kids. I know that Callee enjoys showing herself off to strangers but she was reluctant to go too far. I was determined to push the envelope as far as I could today.

As she stood there in the living room I walked up to her and enfolded her in my arms. She held me tightly and shivered as my hands rubbed her back and then moved down to cup the cheeks of her fantastic ass. With my hands cupping her ass I felt her shiver again as I pulled her tightly against my body.

"Know what I want?" I whispered softly into her ear. She shook her head "No!" 

"I want you to take off your bra before we go out." I whispered.

I slowly turned her around so that her back was to me and she pressed her ass into my crotch. I knew she was turned on even as she shook her head "No!" again.

My hands moved from her waist upwards towards her breasts. Slowly I cupped each breast and found the nipples and pinched them through her bra. She shivered and moaned softly. "I want other men to enjoy looking at your body too and you know that it turns you on. Don't lie to me!"

Slowly I raised the top up and she lifted her arms and allowed me to pull the top off over head. Her arms returned to her side and she stood there as I unsnapped her bra. I pulled the bra forward and her luscious tits were exposed to the cool air. Her nipples hardened immediately and my hands covered them possessively.

Stepping back, I handed her the top again to put back on. The result was so damn erotic I almost came in my pants right there. Although the top was opaque her large protruding nipples stood proudly erect and clearly visible through the top.

"Now we are ready to go out." I said. "Are you OK with this?" I asked.

She looked at me and said "As long as you stay close to me so nothing goes wrong."

I assured her that I would be very close at all times because I wanted to see the reaction from the men that she encountered. We had played a few games like this before but nothing quite so aggressive.

As we drove toward the store she reached over and took my hand. We drove the rest of the way hand in hand.

We walked around the store for several minutes and no one seemed to notice her protruding nipples. Then I noticed three young black men entering the store and I decided to step things up a bit. I led Callee towards the back of the store and found an aisle that was a dead end.

We walked to the end of the aisle. When we got there I took Callee into my arms. "I'll be right here all the time but I want you to go with this."

Without waiting for an answer I turned Callee around so that she was facing back down the aisle with the dead end behind us. I stood behind her and reached around to cup her breasts. As I pinched and fondled her I felt her relax and lean her head back against my chest.

I continued to fondle her choice tits for a few minutes and then what I had been hoping for happened. First one and then the other two black men came into the aisle. They looked like they were nineteen to twenty years old.

Callee sensed the change in me and opened her eyes as I continued to massage her breasts keeping her nipples erect. She stiffened when she saw the young men and started to turn towards me but I held her firmly in place whispering a sharp "No!"

She moaned slightly but stayed where she was as the three young men approached. One of them was more aggressive than the others and came forward intent on what my hands were doing to Callee's breasts. As he continued to watch the other two men decided to get closer too. Once again I felt Callee stiffen and try to turn.

I whispered in her ear "You know you want this. Admit it!" I said.

"No!" she said shaking her head slowly.

She started slightly and moaned loud enough for the everyone to hear as I pinched both of her nipples. "I'm going to let one of them touch you." I whispered. She knew that I would not make her do anything she truly did not want to do. This time I asked "OK?" I felt her nod her head and knew that we were going to have some fun.

Slowly I lowered my hands to Callee's side. I held her arms firmly so she could not cover up or change her mind. I looked the young black man in the eye and asked "Do you want to touch her?"

I don't think the young black stud could believe his senses. Standing in front of him was a young white mother and married woman. She had long blond hair and an angelic face and after watching this older man playing with her tits he was being offered the chance to feel them himself. He could not believe his good fortune. Slowly, he moved forward reaching for her tits.

Callee jolted slightly as she felt his hands come into contact with her tits. Leaning back into her father-in-law's arms she allowed this young black man to squeeze and fondle her breasts. He pinched her nipples and massaged her tits with gusto.

It was then that she felt her father-in-law's hands move to the bottom of her top. She tensed as she felt him begin to raise it upwards. "What is he doing?" she thought but she knew. "I've got to stop him." She thought but she knew that she would allow this to happen. She would never do this on her own but she was able to convince herself that she had no choice so she let it happen.

The black man pulled his hands back once he saw what was happening. He could not believe that he had been allowed to play with these choice tits and now he was going to see them. Would he be allowed to touch them he wondered.

He watched as the top rose slowly exposing her taught round belly. More and more milky white skin came into view as the top rose higher and higher. Finally the telling moment came as her tits and her exquisite nipples came into view.

The man tucked the top up under her arm pits and told him "Go ahead. Touch her."

Quick to comply, his large black hands covered her erotic tits. Warm black flesh touched warm white flesh. Sparks sizzled.

Callee could not help herself. She looked down and watched as the young man's dark skinned hands, so much in contrast with her pale milky skin, cupped her breasts pinching and fondling her nipples.

The other two men had stepped up on either side so that they could see more clearly. I noticed that their crotches were conveniently near Callee's hands. "Play with them." I said.

Callee glanced up at me clearly not understanding what I wanted. I leaned close to her ear and whispered "Use your hands to play with their dicks."

Once again she moaned "No."

"Callee", I said. "You are so hot and we both know you want to do this. You may never get a chance like this again so just do it."

I felt her hands move and both of the man started almost in unison as her hands pressed into their crotch searching for their hard dicks. Almost immediately she found what she was searching for and began to knead their hard man flesh. It was only a matter of moments before both of them were highly aroused.

Callee was breathing hard too. Rocked back and forth with one black man working intently on her tits and her small white hands massaging the crotch of the other two men she could not help but respond to the situation.

One more time I decided to push the boundaries. I looked at first one and then the other of the black men and told them to take their cocks out of their pants. They immediately complied and soon Callee's small white hands were working their miracle on the two black shafts.

Now I told the youngest one who had been paying so much attention to her tits to take his cock out too. He looked at me wondering what I had in mind. Not wanting to miss out on anything though he quickly complied.

As he stood there with his cock sticking out of his pants I slowly began to force Callee down until she was squatting in front of him. I knew she was still in the moment because she had not released her hold on the other two black cocks.

I motioned for the young black to step forward. As he did so Callee stared at the black shaft. As he came closer she continued to move backward until she was pressed as far back against me as she could go. The young man continued to press forward and I watched as the tip of his black cock touched Callee's lips. Her mouth remained closed but I could clearly see a drop of pre cum on her upper lip.

He pulled back confused by the situation. I knew my girl though and I knew that she needed a little time to accept the situation. After a few moments I motioned him forward again. This time as the head of his cock touched her lips I had the distinct pleasure of watching her lips part until the head of his cock was in her mouth. He pushed forward again and I watched her accept the situation and allow the black cock to sink deeply into her mouth.

Finally, I stepped back. Callee was too involved to notice that I had moved. I had to have pictures of this. I quickly took out my cel phone and began to take pictures as I watched my beautiful young daughter-in-law servicing three black cocks.

It was just a matter of moments before the young black man was pumping his cum into her willing mouth and onto her face. Before she had a chance to catch her breath one of the other men had roughly thrust his black dick between her soft lips and began to fuck her face. He too came in her mouth and onto her face.

He immediately pulled out to make room for the third man. His cock had just began to disappear between her lips when an older white man came into the aisle.

"Oh shit!" I said. "It's the manager!"

"What the hell is going on here?" he said. "You men get away from that girl!"

The three black man quickly pushed their cocks into their pants and left the store leaving Callee kneeling on the floor. Cum was splattered all over her lovely face and into her hair. Her top was still up and lodged under her armpits. Her tits were completely exposed. The white tits were red from the mauling they had received.

The manager, a man of about 55, stood there staring at the thoroughly erotic visage kneeling there on the floor. "I'm going to call the cops." He said. "Wait right here."

"No!" I almost shouted. "Don't do that. She was not being raped." I said. "We wanted to do this."

He looked at me and then looked back at the visage of beauty still kneeling there on the floor.

"Why don't we see if we can work something out." I said.

"Like what." He sputtered.

"Well." I said. "How would you like to fuck her? The blacks did not get to use her pussy but I know she would be willing. She likes older men. I know." I told him.

"I'm not sure." He said.

"OK." I said. "Let's do this. Callee, stand up." Callee immediately did as she was told.

I stepped around in front of her and undid her belt. Then I pulled her zipper down and quickly pulled down her jeans and panties at the same time. I knew that we did not have much time or the manager would certainly change his mind.

I lifted one foot out of the pants leg and told Callee to bend over. Then I stood and looked down at the beautiful young woman. She had cum on her face and in her hair; her tits were still exposed and now her pants were down around her knees. As I stepped behind her I marveled at the sight.

The manager was looking at her ass just as I was and a look of pure lust was forming in his eyes. I stepped up to Callee and forced her legs wide apart. Now we could both see the lips of her pussy and I knew the manager was ours.

"Be quick about it I said. We could get caught any moment."

Without another thought I heard his zipper slide down as he fumbled in his pants to pull out his rigid member. Finally he got it out and stepped up to Callee's exposed and waiting cunt. "Callee." I said. "Help him."

She immediately reached between her legs and guided his rigid cock straight to the inviting crack between her legs. She quickly rubbed it between the lips of her pussy to lubricate it and then without any warning the manager shoved forward burying the whole shaft to the hilt.

He was faster than the blacks and it was just a matter of moments before he rammed his cock into Callee's warm moist pussy one last time and deposited a load of semen deep into her unprotected pussy. He pulled out zipping his pants up quickly. "You both better get out of here." He said. With that he turned on his heal and walked down the aisle and out of sight.

Not wanting to waste the moment I quickly released my cock from my pants and slipped it into her moist sloppy cunt. She moaned and finally came as I shot several jets of hot cum into her well used pussy.

Satisfied for the moment, I quickly knelt down to help her pull her pants back up. We had to hurry because I did not trust the manager. If he did not call the police it was still possible someone else could walk back here at any moment. We had to get out. 

As Callee finished fastening her jeans I quickly pulled down her top. When that was done I grabbed her hand and started pulling her towards the front of the store.

"Wait!" she cried.

"What?" I asked.

She just looked at me and the answer was obvious. She still had cum splattered on her face and in her hair. She looked fantastic!

"We don't have the time or a place to clean up now." I said. "We'll take care of it when we get in the car."

Her face immediately began to turn red as she considered the humiliation she would feel if anyone saw her. Despite the humiliation, I knew my daughter-in-law quite well. Being forced to appear in public as she was, cum on her face and in her hair, with cum spots on her skin tight top and her nipples hard as a rock would be quite a turn on.

We walked toward the doors at a leisurely pace. On the way we passed two male customers, the female cashier and a female customer that was just entering the door. This time everyone we passed stopped to stare at the young girl with what was obviously cum on her face. They all stared as we quickly exited the store.

We rushed to the parking lot and drove away as quickly as possible. At the exit to the parking lot I looked over at Callee. She was breathing heavily but had a huge smile on her face. "What a turn on." She said.

Then she leaned over to me and kissed me deeply. As her talented tongue entered my mouth I realized that I could taste cum that had so recently been deposited in her mouth by those black dicks. "Turn on indeed!" I thought as I pulled out into traffic.