 She woke up before the alarm, as she usually does, and reached over to turn it off. She lay there in bed for a few minutes, delaying the inevitable chill of the morning air. The weather was beginning to turn frosty. And although this was her favorite time of year, that first rush of cold when she got out of her cozy, warm bed was still a shock. She could feel the heat emanating from his body, lying just inches from her, and she wished she could stay there just watching him sleep, listening to his even, restful breathing. She threw the covers back, swung her legs over the edge of the bed and stood up. Her nude body quivered from the lowered temperature. 

She said quietly to herself, "Ooh, I think it's time to turn up the heater."

As she reached for her robe, her arm brushed her own nipple, growing hard from the cold. She reached down and ran her fingers over the erect bump. She rubbed and pinched gently. It felt good to caress herself, as she thought of him. No time for that now. She looked back into the bed, and saw him lying there, sleeping peacefully. He deserved a little sleep after what he did for her last night. A wistful smile crossed her lips. She could feel herself growing wet just thinking about how he makes her feel every time they make love. Her instincts told her to get back into bed and wake him with a kiss and a few special touches. Common sense and reason took over. She threw on her robe and went to start the morning routine. She brushed her teeth and her hair. She woke up the kids to get ready for school. The boys got up first, showered, dressed, ate breakfast, and headed out the door to the bus stop. Then she woke up her little girl to get her ready for school. She went to change into something appropriate, warm and comfy, to drive her daughter to school. She couldn't resist going in and taking one last look at her sexy, sleeping lover. Amazingly, he could make her tingle just at a glance. She smiled again at the thought.

They had met fairly recently and this is the first time he had stayed over at her house, while the kids were home. It was supposed to be just one goodnight kiss last night, but it turned into a passionate encounter. She was just coming out of a failed marriage, and she seemed to draw strength and comfort from him. Not to mention, that they genuinely liked each other, and they got along so well even outside of bed. She had been in a mostly unhappy relationship for 17 years, and didn't know that she could feel so alive and sexy again, until him. 

As she drove back home she mapped out her day in her head. She had to take a shower, get dressed, get to work. She needed to think about what to take out for dinner; all the daily things that a mom does. She slipped quietly into the house. He didn't have to work today, so no need to interrupt his slumber. She hoped he was dreaming of her as he slept. As she got closer to the bedroom, she heard water running. That was odd. He usually slept in a little when he got the chance. She knew she didn't have much time, but couldn't resist the opportunity to grab a quick shower with him, and maybe a quick feel. 

"Damn! I might be late for work," she thought. 

She walked in the the bathroom quietly. He didn't hear her with the water running. She stood and admired his nude body; strong, firm, and healthy. It was obvious from the beading of water on his body, and his wet hair, that he had already showered. Then she noticed it wasn't the shower she heard. He was running a bath, a bubble bath. She was pretty sure it wasn't for him. And while the thought was lovely, she knew she had no time for all this. He had run a couple of baths for her in the recent past, and they always led to long, slow lovemaking sessions. She wished so much that that could happen now, too. She really wanted him this morning. She stepped closer to him and slipped her arms around him from behind, and kissed his strong back. She slid her hands down and began to stroke his cock. It grew instantly in her hand. 

She giggled and asked, "Glad I'm back, huh?" 

He turned around and without saying a word took her face in his hands, and leaned over to put his lips on hers. She instinctively parted her lips slightly and took his lower lip between hers as he took her upper lip between his. They sucked gently, and repeated this motion, alternating lips. 

He pulled back, and said, "I thought you could use a relaxing bath. Just climb in and let me do the rest." 

He gave her his most charming grin, and she felt herself melting on the spot. His adorable grin was one of the things that first attracted her to him. That, and the way he could make her laugh. 

She gave him a pouty look, and told him, "Oh Baby, you are so good to me, but I have to go to work. I need to be out of here in thirty minutes." 

He looked at her a little pensively, and hesitantly said, "Well............You don't exactly have to work today." 

She looked puzzled. 

He continued, "I kind of called in for you, and said you were not feeling well, and would need to spend the day in bed. You do need to spend the day in bed, don't you?" 

He leaned in and started kissing her neck. He knew she couldn't be mad when she was becoming so aroused, at least he hoped she wouldn't be mad. Her soft sighs, and the way she pressed into him told him all was okay. 

"What am I going to do with you?" she said. 

He winked and replied, "I could make you a list." 

She smiled, and holding onto his strong arm for support, stuck her toe into the water to test the temperature. It was perfect, just like today was going to be. He slowly and deliberately helped her off with her clothes and ran his hands over her body, grazing over her skin lightly. Her instincts and the way her body was reacting told her this was going to be something special. He held her by the hand as she climbed into the tub, as though she were climbing into her carriage for the ball. She sighed as she sank deeper into the warm, soothing water. The softly scented bubbles surrounded her body, until the only part that was visible was her head resting on the bath pillow he had placed there for her. He immediately knelt beside the tub and reached for the sponge. His hand disappeared into the water as their eyes made contact. He lifted the leg furthest from him first and began to wash, starting at her foot. He gently washed between her toes, and proceeded to run the sponge up her legs, not missing a spot. He did the same to the other leg. He didn't go further than the highest point of her upper thighs. She lay back, closed her eyes, and tuned in to the feelings that his touches were giving her. She was very relaxed. She decided to leave herself in his capable hands. Then he followed the same procedure on her hands and arms. She felt the sponge touch her neck and move downward. He ran it over and under her breasts, then down her belly. She knew that he knew what this was beginning to do to her. Still, they didn't speak, and she kept her eyes closed. She heard the water start to run again; she didn't peek. She felt the spray of water wet down her head. It was warm and comforting. That new nozzle attached to the hose was a good purchase after all. The water stopped and his strong hands were in her hair, lathering and massaging her scalp. It was a wonderful feeling. 

He rinsed her hair and gave a gentle kiss to her forehead, as he told her, "Turn to your side, Baby." 

She followed his instruction. He picked up the sponge again and began to wash her back and shoulders. It was like a massage. He continued for a while then moved down lower to her ass. He rubbed and squeezed her cheeks, then slipped the sponge in her crack and washed gently. The relaxing feeling was turning to arousal now, just as he had planned. There was no doubt he knew what he was doing. He guided her back onto her back and she felt his hand dip into the water and reach between her legs. He still had the sponge in his hand, and he began to wash her pussy lips just on the outside, stroking softly. Her hips began to move to push herself into his hands. Suddenly the sponge was gone, and she felt his fingers part her lips and stroke her pussy from top to bottom. She instinctively separated her legs to give him access to her waiting center. His fingers slipped into her, first one, then another. He explored her, moving his fingers in the way he knew would drive her crazy. He felt his erection growing. He took her hand from the tub and put it on his cock. She made a sound in her throat, and immediately began to stroke him with her wet, warm hand. He moved his fingers to her clit and started to massage around the hard bump, not yet applying direct pressure. She reacted by tightening her grip on his hard manhood. He stopped what he was doing, and reached to drain the bath. He went back to the gentle massage of her clit while the water receded from the tub. He alternated between touching her clit and plunging his fingers into her. He wanted to make this last, and prolong her orgasm. The feeling was torturously delicious for her. Still, no words were spoken. 

When all the water was drained, he helped her to her feet. He used the water nozzle again to rinse the suds from her body. He sprayed her from head to toe, and every place in between. The warm spray heightened the already tingling sensation on her skin. He took her hand as she lifted first one leg and then the other over the edge of the tub. He wrapped her in a warm, fluffy towel, and proceeded to dry her off. He did this slowly, paying careful attention not to miss a spot, letting her savor every sensation of the slightly rough terry cloth on her smooth, soft skin. Every fiber of her being was tingling now. She thought she was going to cum right there, and he wasn't anywhere near her pussy. It was the most sensual thing she had ever felt. When she was dry, he removed the towel, and tossed it to the floor. He pulled her bare body to his. She loved feeling him so close, skin to skin. They looked into each other's eyes and began to kiss. Their tongues wound around each other, and became one. They ran their hands over their bodies, slowly, but with desperation. 

He took her small hand in his, and guided her to the bed. He sat her on the edge and guided her back onto her back. He leaned over her, and took a nipple in his mouth. His hand caressed the other breast. She put her hands on his head and ran her fingers through his hair. He gave attention to both breasts, sucking and biting lightly. He knew how much she enjoyed having her nipples bitten, and her moans confirmed this. He knelt on the floor between her legs and lifted her feet onto the edge of the bed, so that her knees were bent and her pussy was there in front of his face, her ass right on the edge of the bed. She spread her legs wide, to give him complete access. He admired the swollen, glistening, pink tender area, as she waited for the first delicious touch of his tongue. He didn't make her wait long. The first stroke of his tongue made her gasp. 

"Sweetheart, you taste so good," he told her.

He went to work driving her crazy with his mouth. She was so sensitive right now, wanting and needing him. She began to pinch her nipples. He held her ankles, exploring every inch of her with his tongue. She was moaning and moving her hips now. She told him how much she loved what he was doing, and he told her he loved pleasing her. He continually brought her right to the edge, and then changed his movement to delay her orgasm. 

After what seemed forever to her, he began to lick and suck her clit, gently at first, then harder and more purposeful. It was time to give her what she wanted. Her hips were off the bed trying to press herself harder into his mouth. He had to tighten his grip with his lips to keep up with her writhing body. His hands moved from her ankles to slide under her ass, where he gripped her firmly. He pressed his face into her hot pussy. Her legs hung over his shoulders. She felt the heat so strong in her belly, that it was almost painful. When the release came, she couldn't control her sounds or her body. The noises she was making surprised even her. This was the most intense orgasm of her life, and it seemed to go on and on. He stayed with her every move, and thoroughly enjoyed the fact that he had made her cum so strongly. She finally slowed her movements and her moans subsided into little sighs, as she put her feet on the floor, and guided his head to face her. 

She looked at him and said, "Baby, that was the most wonderful orgasm I've ever had. Thank you." 

He gave her that sweet grin again, and said, "Aw shucks, it was my pleasure, ma'am." 

They laughed and embraced. The room grew suddenly quiet as they pulled back, and their eyes met. She pulled his head to hers and licked and sucked her juices from around his mouth, then plunged her tongue into his mouth. He immediately began to suck her tongue. 

When they finally untangled their lips and tongues, she looked at him, and said, "Now it's your turn to go crazy." 

His face buried in her neck, he said, "Hmmmmmmmm. You're already making me crazy." 

She replied, "Oh, it's going to get a lot better." 

They moved up onto the bed, he on his back, and she hovering over his face with hers. They kissed again as she lay partially on his body. Her hand moved over his body, stopping at his nipples, running her nails over them. They grew hard under her fingers. Her mouth moved to his ear. She ran her tongue around his ear, and then put it in his ear. She blew hot air on his moistened ear, and nibbled on his lobe. He let out a low groan. She moved down his neck and stopped to suck a little, biting lightly. She moved to the hollow of his throat, and sucked there. She ran her tongue down to his nipples while her hand progressed to his cock. She flicked her tongue on his nipple while she grasped his cock in her hand. She changed the movement of her hand periodically, going from his balls to his cock, moving from the shaft to the head; never staying in one place long enough to allow him to get too excited. After she had sucked and bitten on both nipples she moved down his hard body with her mouth, kissing and licking a trail to his navel. She placed her tongue in the hollow and moved in a circular, exploring motion. She nibbled gently on his belly. She released her hold on his cock, and moved down the bed to his feet. She ran her tongue over his toes, and sucked each one from smallest to biggest, on each foot. She then ran her tongue up his inner thighs, giving equal attention to each muscular leg. He anticipated her tongue on his waiting cock. She arrived at his groin with her mouth. She stopped to admire his beautiful erection. She leaned over, and licked his balls in long slow strokes. She felt his hands in her hair, not pushing or guiding her head, just caressing her. 

He told her, his voice low and husky with desire, "God, Baby, you are so good at that!"

A knowing smile crossed her lips. Her hand moved to grip his cock. She ran her tongue up his cock over and over, until she had covered every inch. She moved her mouth to the under side of his head and she flicked the tender area there, then settled in to suck. He told her again what she was doing to him, even though she already knew. Giving him pleasure was as satisfying to her as her own pleasure, maybe more so. She began to stroke with her hand as she took him in her mouth. Her hand motions matched the movement of her mouth. Her other hand stroked his balls, and she pressed her thumb on the tender area between his balls and his ass. He felt like he could literally jump right off the bed; the combination of feelings was so intense. He wanted to be inside her now. He moved his hands on her head to remove himself from her mouth. She looked at him, and he moved suddenly to flip her onto her back. The sudden motion and the power that he used to take control of the situation sent a rush of blood to her groin. He loomed over her, his hand on her hip, pulling her closer. 

He told her in a husky whisper, "I need you now." 

He raised up and knelt between her open legs. He took her feet and placed them on his shoulders, then he plunged into her still wet, engorged pussy, in one swift move. The sudden motion took her breath away for a moment. She was instantly turned on all over again, not being completely recovered from her previous orgasm. He began to thrust in and out of her. She lifted her hips to meet his motion. He turned his head to the side and began to lick and suck her toes. She was feeling the heat return to her groin. She instinctively reached down to touch her clit. He loved to see her touch herself. She massaged her clit and knew instantly that she was going to cum again, and soon. She asked him to stop moving for a moment and let her cum. He stopped, and felt her pussy begin to contract and pulse almost instantly. She was moaning and bucking her hips, riding on his cock, still deep inside her. He loved the look that she gets on her face when she is cumming; she is never more beautiful than she is at that moment. He began to move again as he sensed that her orgasm was subsiding. 

She looked into his eyes, and said, "I want you to cum inside me." 

"God, yes!" he muttered, almost incapable of speaking at all.

She began to pinch his nipples. He closed his eyes and increased his tempo. In no time, he grunted, and held onto her hips as he buried himself deep inside her. She felt the hot spurt of his cum shooting into her. She tightened her grip on his cock with her pussy, and raised her hips to take all of him. He moved his hips forward in strong jerking motions as he came and came. Then he removed her feet from his shoulders, kissing her ankles as he lowered her legs. He moved to lie beside her and pulled her close to him. She snuggled in closer, pressing her face into his chest, where she breathed in deeply the scent of him that was becoming more and more familiar. 

She looked up at him and said, "You are right, I wasn't feeling too well this morning, but I'm much better now." 

He looked at her with that grin, and she melted all over again.