 Her plane ride was uneventful. She had slept most of the way so she didn't have to endure the cheap movie they played. Callista quickly gathered her belongings at the terminal and hailed a taxi. 

"Fifth street please." yes Ma'am. 

She wondered if they would recognize her. It had been years since she had left her family to attend college in London. But returning home was something she needed right now. She had fallen into a rut since catching her boyfriend in bed with another woman. Flashes of her ex raced through her mind as she remembered how she had found them. All she could see was the slut's ass in the air and the unmistakable sounds of a blow job in progress. But she couldn't think of that now. She desperately needed to see familiar faces. 

"Stop right here." She said as she saw the old restaurant. 

"Here ma'am?" the taxi driver replied. 

"Yes, thanks." As she leaped from the taxi with a grin on her face. 

As she walked into the Greek restaurant she could see nothing had really changed. The waitresses wore the same outfits and the decorations hadn't moved since she had left. In the back of the restaurant she saw who she was looking for. The pair was older now. More gray hairs appeared in their hair. She seemed a little shorter. Perhaps because she wore flat dress shoes instead of heals. He looked the same. Tall and slightly muscular; he towered over his guests with a friendly Greek manor. As their gaze met, Callista gave a sigh of relief. 

"Mama, papa I'm home" she said. 

Leaving the restaurant in the capable hands of their staff, the family decided to leave for their farm. The farm was a 2 story cottage surrounded by 75 acres of natures blissful woods located just outside the city. She was egger to see the farm; especially her horses. 

"Callista, did you know Logan's house caught on fire yesterday" her mother said. 

"What! How did that happen?" Callista shrieked. 

"Oh it was an old house. The wiring caught fire. No one was hurt but Logan is homeless. So he's coming to live with us. I expect he'll be arriving at our house shortly." her mother replied. 

Good, Callista thought as she recollected how they had parted. They had been childhood friends. After high school, Logan had wanted Callista to stay at the farm and attend community college with him. But she knew London gave her a chance in a lifetime and she wouldn't sacrifice that for a boy; no matter how special he was to her. 

As they arrived at the farm she saw a familiar face sitting on her front porch. Her nether-regions began to tingle as she realized it was Logan...and he had grown! He was no longer the geekish eighteen year old she had remembered. He had long blonde hair and it was down to his shoulders with waves at the end. He had muscles now... huge ones... But she quickly changed her attention to his face as she became flushed with the thought of his muscular body. He now had facial hair. There was no mustache but he had a strip of blonde hair on his chin. It made his face stand out with its strong jaw line and cheek bones. 

"Hi Callista," Logan smiled as he surveyed her curvaceous body. 

Damn he looks good she thought as she reciprocated a hello. 

"I heard your house burned down." she said. 

"Yes well it was old and falling apart anyway. I plan to rebuild soon." Logan stated. 

As she stared into Logan's eyes she was startled by her mother shrieking, "Let's go fix some dinner Callista. What would you like steak or chicken?" 

"How about Chinese takeout instead mother? I'm tired from my flight." 

"Ok darling, but tomorrow you will help me fix a large meal in honor of your return." Her mother demanded. 

As they sat at the table nibbling at their egg roll she wondered if he had any girlfriends. After all it had been so long and she hadn't been celibate either. 

"Will you go riding tomorrow?" Her father asked. "I've kept your horse Star fire in good shape for you." 

"Yes Papa I think I'd like that. Would you like to come riding with me Logan?" she said

"Well, I have some things....."

Realizing he was about to turn her down she interrupted..."Oh come on Logan, your not scared are you?" she teased. 

"NO! Why should I be afraid of those big ugly beasts!?" He exclaimed. 

"Fine then it's settled, we'll go trail riding tomorrow morning." Happy with herself she took a few more bites then announced she was tired and excused herself from the table. 

As she walked to her room she let her hips sway so she might tease Logan's senses. She had a wonderfully tight ass. She had worked very hard in the gym to get her perfect hourglass shape and as her long brunette hair swayed just above her voluptuous butt she knew his eyes examined every inch of her figure. 

In her room, Callista couldn't get the image of Logan's rock hard frame out of her mind. She thought to herself how big he is. She hadn't been with him before, but she had caught a glance while swimming with him in the creek once. She wondered if it was as big as she remembered. As she imagined the image of his dick she began to pinch her nipples sending shockwaves through her body. She moved her nails only touching her skin slightly over her body giving her goose bumps that excited her even more. Moving south she ran her index finger across her clit and her juices began to well. Damn it had been such a long time since she had done this she thought. She began rubbing in circles as she became more and more excited while she imagined Logan standing before her nude as nature intended. As she imagined touching his rock hard staff she clenched her muscles sending contractions through her pussy releasing her juices onto her thighs. As she laid in bed feeling the comfort of her actions she smiled. And thought tomorrow is going to be a magnificent day.