 After hours on the road, battling holiday traffic, waiting an hour and a half to get a table for dinner, getting lost twice, and having a problem with their check-in, Margaret and Thomas finally made it to their oceanside room at Dayton House Resort in Myrtle Beach, SC. They both sat on the bed and rested for a minute. Thomas got up and opened the doors to the balcony, and sound of the waves of the ocean came in just then, which brought a smile to Margaret's face.

Thomas took off his shirt and announce that he was going to take a shower, and Margaret nodded. She laid down on the bed to rest as Thomas chucked off the rest of his clothes. He started up the shower, then quickly used the bathroom as the steam of the shower started to build. He got into the shower and quickly lathered up, wanting to hurry up so that his wife can wash off and they can enjoy a late evening stroll on the beach.

With a start, he felt a hand on his shoulder. He smiled to see Margaret climbing into the shower, and they briefly kissed before he started to lather her up good. He ran his hands down her torso, across her breasts, down between her legs, and finished up with her legs. She turned around and let him wash her back.

"You didn't wash your back," she said, and turned him around and lathered up his back. Once it was nice and clean, she hugged him, running her arms down the front of his body until she brushed her hands against his genitals. He turned around and kissed her on the mouth, knowing now that she wanted to do more than just get cleaned up.

He moved his kisses from her lips, down the side of her face, to her earlobe, which he proceeded to nibble, just the way she liked it. After making his way around to her other earlobe, his kisses went down her neck and onto her chest, where he went over to her breasts, and, one at a time, suckled and nibbled on them, turning her on more and more.

Her leg slid up his body, and he ran his hand down to her pussy, where he began to finger her clit and probe her pussy. She lean closer and kissed his neck, whispering in his ear that she wanted him inside her. He nodded and smiled, and took hold of his cock. As she wrapped her hands around his neck, he slowly slid his cock into her, pushing it in as far as it could go, then slowly pulling it almost all the way out. This slow probing elicited a moan from her, and her other leg began to slide up his body. He grasped onto her hips to support her, then slid his hands up her back for a better grip and began to piston harder into her.

The water splashed off his back as he thrust his cock deep inside her pussy, and her moans became louder and quicker. He backed up to let her lean as far back as she could, and the spray of water began to bounce off her chest. He felt her close to an orgasm, so he pistoned harder to speed her along to an orgasm. With a shutter, the orgasm washed over her and she moaned loudly, but he was not done yet. She smiled, knowing that her man still had something left in him.

She stepped out of the shower, but soon returned with a tube of KY jelly. "I know what you want, and I want it too," she breathlessly said to him, and she handed it to him, kissing him as he opened the tube. She turned around and presented her rear end to him, lean over and grasping the towel rack inside the shower, anticipating him rubbing down her anus with the KY. He slowly applied the jelly all over her opening, sliding a finger just inside, which made her shiver. After he had lubed up his cock, he positioned himself behind her and began to press his manhood against her anus and slowly slide it in.

She bit her lip, then let out a sigh as he began to slide his cock all the way into her ass, then slowly pull it almost all the way out. She knew that he loved to slowly buildup to the harder thrusting, but she was so turned on that she wanted it hard and fast right now. He chuckled and lean down to speed up his thrusts, sliding his hands down her breasts and stomach until he arrived at her pussy, where he began to play with her clit in practiced fashion.

Her grasp on the towel rack became tighter and tighter as her pleasure built. She loved the way he could vary the rhythm of his thrusts into her ass, just like in her pussy, resting when he slowed down and bracing herself when he sped up. His fingers made their way to her pussy and began to slide inside her, which turned her on even more.

Her orgasm came rushing to her, and she cried out that she was close. He responded by pounding her ass hard, wanting to come in her ass when her climax arrived. A loud moan erupted from deep within her as the orgasm ran through her body, and he smiled as he soon followed by shooting his seed deep inside her, which made her moan again. He pumped his quickly deflating cock inside her, and felt her sphinkter muscles squeezing his cock for ever last drop of his load before he slid out of her.

After cleaning up and towelling off, they made their way naked to the bed. He started to pick up his shirt, but she grabbed it and threw it on the floor. "We can do the stroll in the morning," she announced, and pulled him onto the bed with her. As they snuggled in the afterglow, the sound of crashing waves helped to relax them as they rested.

Then, she slid an arm over his chest, raised up, and kissed him on the lips. "Ready to go again already I see," he said with a raised eyebrow. She nodded and said, "Yep, we can sleep late tomorrow. It is our vacation after all." He smiled, kissed her again, and started to make love to her again.