 Author's note: Though this part of 24 Hours starts at 2:00, when the gentleman had left to get blackberries, in the prior segment, this story will actually begin at 3:00, as we find the lady waking up. Thank you to all my friends and all the fans... for voting, commenting, but most of all for reading this series. It holds a special place in many online couples' hearts. Thank you to the works of my editor gotwood49, who makes my writing better. RedHairedandFriendly.

*

Waking up to the sounds of rattles and bangs, my eyes open to gaze upon the time. 3:00. The iridescent green numbers scream back at me. My body newly charged, I pull the blankets off, feeling the stickiness between my legs. Slipping on my robe, I move into the kitchen. Breathing deeply, I smell the baking scent of a freshly done pie. A smile crosses my face as I see my lover coming up the hall. "The blackberries, I presume."

"Oh, but of course, that, and perhaps for something else, later." He walks up to me and places a light kiss on my lips. The taste of blackberry juice still lingers on his tongue, so I enjoy a quick stroke of its sweetness. 

"Mmmm... I can only hope the pie tastes just as nice."

He touches my lips with the pad of his thumb. "We'll have it later tonight. Right now, there is a lovely afternoon matinee, and I wish to go watch it with you. It starts at 3:45, so if you would like to shower first, we have plenty of time."

Grinning mischievously, I wink at him. "Care to join me?"

"You know, if I do... we won't see the matinee." Patting the cheek of my rear, he sends me off to take my shower, while he restores the kitchen to order.

Climbing into the steamy water, the curtain pulled tightly closed, I recall the memories of our time, so far. I had awakened to the feel of an arm upon me, and knew I had been dreaming. Then I had felt the brush of fingers against my breast. Remembering the shock that had elicited in me, I had shivered, as the rush of our first touches and kisses brought us to a heady love session. We both had known that we only had these moments; the next 24 hours to live, laugh, learn and love. We had savored them so far, only wasting a few moments on much needed rests. 

We had enjoyed a morning shower, the memory of which brings a sexual throb to my being, and I feel my sex moisten. Running my hands over my skin, I can still feel his arms around me. The water had flowed over our bodies, as we had enjoyed each other once more. Then, over breakfast at the little cafe where my friend works, our passion had continued to consume us, with my erotic motions upon his shaft; as well as when he consumed my soul and body in the alley. Our passion continued to burn, as he loved me in the dress shop. 

As I towel off my body, the emotional pain of when I had thought he had left me; that our dream was over, still brings tears to my eyes and knots to my stomach. When he had reentered the room and I realized that he was still with me, my heart had soared high above me, and I wept with longing. Again, he loved me with pure tenderness and care, giving to me the gift of his heart, as well as a gift of sensuous pleasure. His humor still showed through, as he kissed me to sleep and left to gather blackberries. Chuckling to myself, I wrap the towel around my body, as the present moment returns to me.

I go back to my bedroom, and quickly put on the dress that I had purchased at the shop earlier. Smoothing it down, my fingers touch and caress the fabric, remembering once again. Slipping my feet into my sandals, I head back to my lover. He smiles at me and takes my hand, kissing it softly, as we leave the house once more. Again we are greeted by my friends and neighbors, seemingly as if they have known him forever. Arriving at the matinee, he purchases tickets to the latest drama, and before we go into the dark room, we select a soda and popcorn to enjoy.

The theatre is dark as we enter, the screen black. Tiny lights line the walkway of a raised floor. The air is cool, and his hand is resting against my back. I sip some of the soda as we look around, letting our eyes become acclimated to the darkness. We can see a small sprinkle of viewers here and there. Looking up higher, figures move in the projection booth. "I always wanted to watch a movie from up there," I tell him.

"That would be fun, wouldn't it?"

Nodding, we head toward the highest seats, then to the center. "This is close to the same view they have," I whisper softly, as the previews for upcoming new releases begin to run across the screen. Placing my hand on his thigh, I lean over, whispering to him, "I love matinees. They are so quiet. Many people choose to attend the movies on the weekends, but for me the quiet theatre on a weekday makes it more enjoyable to see and hear the movie. The noise is less, the lines are shorter..."

"The tickets cheaper," he winks, as he interrupts me.

Pinching his ribs, "Yes, the tickets are cheaper." We laugh and settle quietly against each other, as the Drama flick begins. 

We watch the movie, enjoying the banter of the hero and his damsel in distress. The film progresses as I feel his hand toying in my hair, and we munch on popcorn and drink our soda. I feel at peace with him. Though only a few couples are in the area with us, we are the only ones at the top. A couple sits five aisles down and to our left, another quietly watches the movie from the center of the room. A third couple views the film from the third aisle up from the screen, and a lone man sits in the first seat, closest to the exit door.

Releasing my foot from my sandal, I run my toes over his leg, as his finger begins to slide over my neck. My hand rests on his thigh, and my breasts are pressed against his side. Resting my head on his shoulder, my drink sits long forgotten in the cup holder. I take my eyes from the movie and run my finger up his leg, slowly sliding a path along his inner thigh. He shifts in his seat, then kisses the top of my head. I turn my face to him. His lips descend softly onto mine, where they rest, soft and light. 

My other hand moves to caress his jaw, as our heads tilt and our kiss deepens. "Mmmm..." I murmur. "Buttery." Licking his lips, I take them in again, and twirl my tongue along with his. My fingers trail down his chest and back up to his neck. My mouth moves down to kiss the opposite side of his neck, while the pads of my fingers rub back and forth across his skin. I turn myself towards him more, the bar between our seats hampering my movements. 

I rise partially from my seat and slide quickly over to his lap. I can feel his arousal against my hip, and his arms around my waist hold me to him. Draping one arm along the back of his chair, the other I use to open a few buttons of his shirt, where my palm dips in and plays with his nipple. He nuzzles his face into my breasts as my lips touch the top of his head. His hand spreads, burning sensations of heat along my thigh, and up around my ass. 

Sitting back just a bit, I run my hand down his shaft, and across his balls, feeling them leap at me. Leaning over to him, I whisper, "I would love to kiss you right now."

He smiles and pulls my head to his. His tongue drives into my mouth. The two of us dance, stroke, and slide, merging as one. Moaning against each other, the sound of the movie drowns out our lovemaking. Lifting my head from his lips, I tell him, "Not there, my love." My hand presses against the hard shaft that is covered by his shorts. He smiles wickedly. I watch hungrily as he opens his shorts for me. My ass shifts here and there, to better accommodate him. 

He lifts the hard rod from his boxers and holds it, as my fingers slide over the head. He watches my thumb press over the front of it, while his hand begins to stroke it slowly. I slip myself to my knees, and he opens his. The space between our row and the row ahead of us is tight, but I wiggle myself close to him. My breasts rest on the chair, as I watch his marvelous cock jerk towards me. Untying the straps of my dress, my breasts are free. The soft glow of light barely reaches us from the projection room.

I lift my breasts, putting them on display for him. He sits closer to the edge of his seat. I run my left nipple over his cock, then the right, before watching him guide his hard thick shaft between my bosom. The head of his cock peeks out, and I bend my head down to trail my tongue over the tip. I slowly lick the tightly swollen skin, as I begin to slide my breasts along his erection. Feeling the firm strokes against the twin globes of my body, I lift them up and down, mimicking the movement he is making. I hear his groan of pleasure. "Oh yeah, Hon." Smiling at him, though I can't see the color of his eyes, I know they have darkened because of the desire he is experiencing.

Grinding my nipples into the pubic hairs of his sex, my breasts separate slightly from each other, so my mouth can descend down, grasping the tip of his wet cock. Sucking the pre-cum, swallowing the liquid, my moan speaks of my love for him. He takes his hand away from the base of his cock, and presses my tits around it again. This time I watch as his hips drive up and drop down. My pussy is slick and only becomes more so, as with each thrust up, I lick the head. Faster he moves, and harder he pushes between my breasts. "Yes," I hear myself moan, "Ohhh, Mmmmm.. yes. Use my tits." My breath is faster as he holds his cock between my tits and uses the pads of his thumbs to stroke the hard nipples. 

"My love, use your body," he whispers. "Love it with your fingers. I want you to cum." 

Though his words are only a whisper, they roar in my ears, and I do as he tells me. Using two fingers, I drive them deep into my sex. I pound them in as he pushes the tip of his cock out between my breasts, fucking me fast and squeezing them tight. My fingers curl, scraping the walls of my body, as I force them in deeper, my tongue still circling and tasting his juice. I feel my pussy tighten on my hand. My head falls back, and he knows that my cum will soon flow freely from my body. He grabs my hair, and pushes my head onto the full cock. My breasts fall away as he drives my mouth, deep. Still stroking my sex, my tongue works and caresses his firm shaft, until, together we cum, both of us moaning as the passionate waves of pleasure rush over us. The spasms of our body are like the tides of the ocean, rising and falling with each pump of his hips and each throb of my wet, juice covered lips. 

I can hear his words of love, as his hand strokes my hair. Closing my eyes, I lick the slick surface of his cock, and the moist juice from his balls. Rising up, his hand cups my chin and he bends closer. Our lips touch. Tongues mate, then retreat, then mate again. Sighing into him, I feel his arms embrace me, as the dance they play brings more drops of juice from my body.

Settling back in my chair, I watch him through the dim light of the projection room. He places his wet, semi-hard cock back into his shorts, and rubs his hand along the crotch, adjusting his sex for comfort. I press my hand over it, allowing my palm to once more begin stroking it. He moans softly. Then, taking my hand away and kissing it gently, he stands. The film isn't over, but we don't care. Together we leave through the upper door of the theater, and enter a long narrow hallway, not normally used for customers. I look around to see what way we are to leave, and turn in that direction. He pulls me back, placing a finger against my parted lips. I stay quiet, my eyes questioning him. Then he leads me to a partially open door. 

Walking inside, I see a young teenage boy operating the controls of the projector. My lover leads me into the room, and has me sit in an empty chair behind the open window. I watch, as the boy and my love leave the room. Then my lover returns, locking the door behind him. "Where is the boy?" I ask.

"He felt like he needed a break," he winks at me.

"Ohhh... did he?" I smile, and then stand up, the sounds of the movie projector still running. "How much did this break cost you... and how much time do we have?" Sliding my hands to his waist once again, I can feel the tip of his cock straining against the fabric.

"$100.00 and 15 minutes."

My eyes go wide. "$100.00!" My jaw drops and I hear a "Shhhh!!" come from the patrons below us. We both grin, and I hear myself giggle, "Well, we had best make the most of these 15 minutes."

"Oh god, yes!" He growls as he opens his pants again, and pulls out his cock. 

My pussy, still moist from before, but cooled, is on fire again. The hard shaft before my eyes makes my mouth water and my pulse beat hard in my heart. Pulling me to him, I feel his cock against my stomach. He turns me around and seats himself in the chair behind me. At his urging, I lower myself onto his lap. Shifting himself so he is somewhat reclined, I feel his cock press against the lips of my sex. Moaning quietly, I lift my ass and let the firm muscle slide into my slick sex. His fingers press into my hips and drive me hard and fast. Each push is deeper. Each one, more pronounced then the other. 

Biting my lip, my finger moves to rub at my breast. I use the other to slide to my clit, pressing and pulling against it. I close my eyes. As if sensing it, I hear him tell me, "Open them, and watch your movie." I smile as I watch the film. The couple are making love. She is trailing kisses down his chest, her head disappearing beneath the screen. The movie continues, the camera now on his face, as he leans back, his features contorted in pure pleasure. Watching this, I feel my lover's head hit the spot that makes me call out his name. "Yesss!" I yell, my scream given at the same time the actor's face contorts in one final moment of passion. My own body gives up its orgasm, as my lover sits up and bites my shoulder. His shot of cum fills the cavern of my pussy and I feel my body begin to heave and quake above his. 

"Oh my god!" I call out as the orgasm continues to spiral around me. 

His tongue licks the red flesh that I know he has left. His bite was hard, somewhat painful; but at the same time purely full of pleasure. As I ride his cock, slowing my movements, his licks become small kisses. Soon I feel the cool air hit my swollen, hot pussy. My lover pushes me upward, and stands behind me, his hands on my hips, my pussy slowly releasing his cock. I feel the moisture run along my thigh as he pulls away from me. As we watch the end of the film roll, we hear a, "Hey, Mister?" from behind the closed door. Turning, my face a blush of pink and red, my lover's cock hidden once more, I unlock the door. We join hands and leave the theater. Silent whispers and stares are given to us as we leave. I recognize some of the people that were in the theater, as I had yelled out my passionate, "Yes!"

As we move outside, the sun is slowly descending. The time on the building across the street screams 5:15pm. I grasp his arm and we move away, ignoring the hour, and only looking for those ahead of us. "What would you like to do, now?" he asks me.

I look up to him and say, "Doesn't blackberry pie and brandy sound nice?"