 "Ouch!" Doug yelped as the minivan went over a particularly large pothole. The drive from Phnom Penh, the capital of Cambodia, to Sen Monorom, a small town in the northeast of the country, had already taken almost 7 hours. Doug knew that the road was likely to be in a rough condition, but he was not quite prepared for making summersaults every 30 seconds or so. However, Doug really wanted to visit the elephant sanctuaries in the Mondulkiri Province and he was sure that the trip would be worth it.

"It's a good thing I only had a light breakfast this morning," Doug reflected to himself as the van went over another large pit in the road.

Doug, an 18-year-old boy from Tulsa, was admitted to the University of Oklahoma, but decided to defer and take a "gap" year off. Doug visited the University of Oklahoma campus in Norman during his last year in high school. The town and the campus looked nice enough but still somewhat boring. Doug wished to travel the world and to see other places and other countries before spending another 4 years in Oklahoma. His parents were reasonably well-off but not rich enough to send Doug to a private school on one of the coasts. Still, Doug was their only child and a good kid, and they supported his decision to delay college by a year. With the money he saved helping for several years in a mechanic's shop, and with a bit of extra money from his parents, Doug could afford to spend a year traveling the globe as a backpacker. As a condition of his deferred admission, the university required him to keep a detailed travel journal about his experiences, which he was then supposed to submit as a special student project. It was early August in the summer of his high school graduation, and Cambodia was the first stop on Doug's backpacking journey around the world.

Doug was a powerfully built, tall, brown-haired kid, standing at 6' and weighing about 190 pounds of solid muscle. Doug was a wrestler in high school and his body was strong and well muscled from daily practices and morning runs. Doug's soft brown hair was cut very short, and his naturally milky white skin had a nice golden tan from spending quite a bit of time outdoors.

Being a wrestler, Doug was used to shaving off his body hair on his torso, arms and legs to keep his body smooth and harder for his opponents to hold on to. However, he sported quite a respectable patch of dark brown hair around his cock and balls. Although Doug looked like a jock, and indeed was a jock, he was a good student and displayed much more curiosity about the outside world than most of his wrestling team buddies. 

Doug had arranged to rent a bungalow in Sen Monorom for 3 days through one of the local hotels, and somebody from the hotel was supposed to meet him at the bus stop.

The minivan finally rolled to the bus station in Sen Monorom. Doug grabbed his backpack and got out, stretching his arms and legs after a long tiring ride. The place looked really small and could hardly be called a town, but it did have an unmistakable charm and authenticity. At the stop Doug immediately saw a tiny Cambodian woman of about 50, holding a cardboard sign saying "Doug" on it. Doug chuckled but quickly realized that this descriptor was more than sufficient as there were only 3 passengers in the van.

Doug walked to the woman holding the sign and introduced himself: "Hi, I am Doug! I guess I'll be staying in your hotel."

The woman introduced herself as Charaya. She spoke reasonably good English and explained to Doug that she was one of the managers of the hotel. She also suggested to Doug that instead of staying at one of the hotel huts, he could stay in Chiraya's house, which was just a few hundred feet from the hotel, for half the price. Even though the hotel price was pretty cheap, Doug knew that he was on the budget and he jumped at the suggestion, especially since Charaya also offered to cook for him. They got onto a tandem bicycle that Charaya had with her, with Doug settling in the back seat, and rode to her house.

During the short ride to Charaya place, Doug explained to her that he was 18, that he just finished high school in the States, and explained about his gap year plan for the coming year. 

They reached their destination in about 10 minutes. Charaya's house was small but charming, with an enclosed inner yard in the back. Doug's room was in a guest bungalow in the rear of the yard. As they were walking to the bungalow entrance, they passed an open shower in the yard. Doug was shocked to see a young girl, about Doug's age, showering there naked. The girl waved at them and smiled, and Charaya waved and smiled back. 

"That's my daughter, Jorani. She is 18, like you, and she helps me run the hotel," Charaya explained. 

Doug blushed and waved back at Jorani. He knew that some of the Asian cultures treated nudity quite casually, but he was still not prepared for the reality of it. He did not want to stare but he noticed that Jorani had a slim smooth light dark money colored body, about 5'5'' tall, with small compact pointy tits and a nice trim bush in her pubic area. Doug blushed and felt his dick harden in his shorts. Charaya chuckled, observing the boy's consternation, but did not say anything. 

Charaya showed Doug around his bungalow, explained where the bathroom was and told him to come into the house in about 30 minutes for the dinner. 

Doug put his bag in the corner and plopped onto the futon-like bed. He really wanted to take a shower before dinner but had to process the idea of an open outdoor shower first. Doug cleaned some of his sweat and grime with a towel, changed in a fresh A-shirt, and put on new shorts. The outfit did compliment the boy's muscular athletic physique. 

"Maybe Jorani will like it!" Doug smiled to himself. 

After about 25 minutes of rest, Doug headed in the house. He was both disappointed and relieved to see that the courtyard was empty and Jorani was no longer there.

He walked in to the kitchen of the main house, where Charaya and Jorani were setting up the food.

Doug's dinner with Charaya and Jorani was entertaining and delicious. Apart from rice and some small bowls of pickled vegetables, the dinner included a delectable coconut soup and a dish of thinly sliced marinated beef, toppled with chilis, bell peppers, basil and other herbs. Doug was really hungry after a long trip from Phnom Penh, and he devoured the delectable food ravenously, often eliciting chuckles and laughter from his hosts. He mostly talked with Charaya as Jorani only knew a few words of English, but Jorani actively participated in the conversation in Khmer, with her mother translating from time to time. Charaya explained to Doug that her husband died several years ago from lung cancer, and Jorani's two older sisters were already married. So it was just the two of them, Charaya and Jorani now. 

During the dinner Doug observed Jorani intently. Jorani was wearing a light dress of several intermixing shades of blue, which beautifully complimented her slim limber frame and a round smiling face. She was rather outgoing and not at all shy, often laughing at her mother's jokes in a loud sonorous laughter. She looked at Doug confidently and mischievously and, despite her diminutive stature, was not at all intimidated by his imposing physical presence. Doug felt that she was a bit of a tom-boy and he really enjoyed her energy and her self-assured demeanor. She moved gracefully and fluidly, and Doug could see that her petite slim body was strong and agile. He was really liking this girl!

Doug told Charaya and Jorani about his travel journal and said that he was hoping to get some interesting new experiences in Cambodia that he could document for his gap year project. Charaya said something to her daughter in Khmer, and they both laughed heartily, without explaining to Doug what the joke was about. Doug did notice Jorani watching him more closely with her piercing bright black eyes after that, and smiling enigmatically.

At last the meal was over and Doug felt quite sated. 

"Wow, the dinner was absolutely delicious! Thank you, Charaya! And thank you, Jorani!" Doug said, patting his full stomach.

"You are welcome, Doug!" Charaya replied with a smile.

Jorani also smiled but did not say anything.

"Now, you take a shower, and then have a good night sleep. Jorani will stay with you tonight and will take care of you," Charaya continued.

"Thank you, but that's really not necessary ...," Doug started protesting, rather startled.

"It's OK, silly boy!" Charaya reassured. "You like the girl and the girl likes you! She will take good care of you!"

Jorani giggled and smiled at Doug. He blushed again but decided not to argue, still wondering what "taking care of him" actually entailed. 

Doug went back to his bungalow and started undressing. Over the dinner Charaya explained that the outdoor shower had a partial curtain which could be used to shield it from the main house, giving a modicum of privacy. Doug was still dubious, but realized that it would have to make do. Doug stripped naked, wrapped a towel around his waist and walked into the courtyard towards the shower. He drew the curtain and turned on the water. The water was only slightly warm, almost cool, and felt wonderful on his tired grimy naked body. Doug grabbed a piece of soap, leathered himself up, and stood under the shower with eyes closed, enjoying the cleansing flow of water washing over him. He started humming an indeterminate tune. 

Suddenly Doug felt a pair of small hands on his bare back.

"What the ...," Doug started to say, while turning around. 

He saw that Jorani, naked again, decided to join him in the shower. 

"Wow!" Doug thought to himself, "I did not know that this kind of service was included!"

But, of course, he did not protest. Jorani grabbed a piece of soap and, in a very businesslike manner, started vigorously soaping up Doug's chest, stomach, neck and arms with her small cool deft hands. Doug's teen dick quickly began to harden.

Doug reached out to start caressing and washing Jorani's tits. She quickly pushed his hands away.

"No, no," she said sternly, "I take care of boy!"

Doug smiled and allowed Jorani to continue taking care of him.

"Doug, Jorani, do you need any extra soap?" Charaya called from the house.

"No, thank you, Charaya, we are good!" Doug shouted back, his face blushing bright red again. 

As Jorani was washing his muscular teen bod, Doug took a closer look at the naked Cambodian girl in from of him. Jorani was very slim, almost skinny, and her honey colored smooth skin had a beautiful satin complexion, with no tan lines visible anywhere. Jorani's small tits were conically shaped and firm, crowned by cute pointy brown nipples. Her outer pussy lips were closed, with a small vertical vaginal slit between them. Her crotch was hairless except for a small patch of silky black hair above her vagina. Jorani's tiny ass looked nice, pert and firm. Doug could not see any hair on Jorani's body except for the vaginal patch and the short bob-cut of straight black hair on her head. 

Doug's uncut cock quickly achieved full erection, even without Jorani touching it, and was now standing proudly parallel to the floor. The boy's erect dick was 8'' long, perfectly straight and impressively thick, with an elongated spongy pointy head, mostly concealed by foreskin, that was only slightly wider than the main shaft. Doug also sported a pair of large loose-hanging testicles, each the size of a good egg, covered in a coat of curly brown fur. 

Charaya raised Doug's arms and was vigorously washing his armpits. Doug, who was quite ticklish, giggled and squirmed under her touch.

"Boy strong! Big muscle! Good, Jorani like!" Jorani said approvingly while lathering Doug's well-defined smooth biceps.

"Thank you, Jorani!" Doug replied sheepishly. 

"Boy have nice big dick! Good, good, Jorani like!" Jorani continued, grabbing Doug's erection with her both hands and soaping it up energetically. 

Doug did not dispute the point, continuing to look sheepish, but his breathing got mach harder. Jorani pulled back Doug's foreskin and carefully cleaned the glans of his cock with her deft dainty fingers, also washing the underside of the foreskin. Doug thought that he might shoot a load right there. The girl leaned further down and firmly washed Doug's strong legs, running her soft palms over his muscular thighs and calves. She then stood, turned Doug around and started working on his neck, shoulders and back. Doug had to contain himself in order not to start humming again. 

Jorani then pushed Doug's back forward. The boy leaned forward, grabbing himself by his knees, and standing in a bent over position. She proceeded to wash his tight muscular ass, carefully cleaning each of the firm buttocks. Jorani then spread Doug's legs wider apart and thoroughly cleaned up his crack, tugging on his cock a couple of times from behind. Suddenly Doug felt the girl's finger enter his pucker and rotate vigorously inside his anus. The boy's entire body jumped up. Doug was about about to utter something in protest, but the finger quickly withdrew.

He heard Jorani's voice say: "Boy clean good!"

Jorani gave each of Doug's butt-cheeks a quick peck and raised him up. She then hugged him closely from behind, pressing her wet tits against his back. 

"Wow," Doug thought, "that feels really nice!"

But then things got even nicer. Jorani reached forward with her hands under Doug's arms and, still hugging him closely, grabbed his dick and started firmly jacking it off with both her hands. 

"Ah! Ah! Ah!" Doug groaned rhythmically, enjoying Jorani's manual ministrations on his erect boy member. 

Jorani bit Doug's back lightly, squeezed his shaft with her left hand and his balls with her right hand. Doug's young cock jerked wildly and with a loud grunt he started ejaculating in Jorani's hands. She held the boy's tool firmly as it shot out 5 streams of hot young semen. As his explosion subsided, Doug sighed deeply and leaned back against Jorani's naked wet body. She turned him around and quickly washed off the rest of the boy's cum from his sensitive cock-head with her dexterous fingers. 

Doug was still breathing heavily, looking at Jorani with an uncertain grin.

"Good, good, boy clean now, very good!" Jorani said finally cracking a wide smile. 

She turned off the water and started drying Doug off with a large fluffy towel that he brought from his room. She then quickly dried off herself too.

Jorani shouted something to Charaya in Khmer, and her mother responded. Doug was praying that Charaya was not going to come in the courtyard now. He was still unsure about what just happened or how to take it.

"We go boy room now! I take care of boy!" Jorani said, pulling Doug by his hand towards the bungalow. The naked American teenager, his head still spinning, followed his naked Cambodian girl host. 

Once in Doug's room, Jorani took a folded mattress that was sitting by the wall in the corner and unfolded it on the floor in the middle of the hut. 

"Down!" she gestured to Doug.

Obediently, Doug lay down on the matters on his stomach. The mattress was thick, firm and comfy. Jorani lit several candles that were spread around the room.

"Boy wait here!" she said. 

Without putting any clothes on, Jorani run out of the room. In a few minutes she returned carrying a large bag. 

Jorani pulled out several bottles containing, as Doug guessed correctly, massage oil. She spread some oil liberally on Doug's back with her small warm hands.

"I massage boy now. Make boy feel good," Jorani explained confidently.

Doug thought that he was already feeling pretty good after the sexy shower but he was certainly not going to argue.

Jorani started expertly working Doug's neck and shoulder muscles, kneading and pulling them with her deft small fingers. Doug was amazed at both how good it felt and at how strong Jorani's hands felt. His body started to relax and unwind. Jorani also massaged his scalp, ears and the sides of his face. Doug was sighing happily and he realized that his mouth was actually drooling a little. 

Suddenly he felt Jorani climb on his back and stand up, with her feet on his back near Doug's waist. She started slowly shifting her wait and using her soles and toes to work the boy's back. Doug groaned a bit but savored the sexy delicious pain. Jorani's nimble feet were doing quite a number on the teen's powerful deltoid and trapezius muscles and his ribcage was spreading wider. Jorani's toes were digging deep into the boy's flesh, causing him to moan contentedly. All too soon Jorani jumped on the floor and settled on her knees next to Doug's midsection. Doug felt a pang of disappointment but not for long, as Jorani moved to massaging the boy's buttocks. She firmly kneaded and stroked his powerful glutes, eliciting low muffled moans from the teen. Doug has had his backside massaged before but nothing felt as good as Jorani's small warm hands now dexterously working over his young muscular butt. 

Jorani spread Doug's legs apart and pulled down his thick cock, so that its head was now pointing towards the boy's feet. Doug felt her oily hands tug on his dick and massage his balls. 

"Wow," he thought, "this is getting interesting!"

Jorani's strong small fingers worked on the boy's brawny calves and on the soles of his feet. The pain in his muscles was delicious and oddly relaxing.

"Man, she really knows her stuff!" Doug reflected to himself.

He suddenly felt Jorani climb on his back again and spread her naked body flat on top of his, with her tits pressing below his shoulder blades. She grabbed the boy's arms with hers, stretching them forward, and started gyrating her body along Doug's naked frame, giving him a full contact massage. Jorani's pussy was rubbing against the boy's firm smooth buttocks. 

"Wow, interesting again!" Doug thought, feeling his dick harden.

All too quickly it was over and Jorani slid from Doug's back. She sat next to him and with her hands pushed him to turn over. Somewhat hesitantly, Doug turned and lay on his back, with his hands behind his head. Doug's almost fully erect cock spring up and was waving from side to side. Doug blushed but Jorani seemed completely unperturbed. 

She spread around more oil and started working the front of Doug's naked teenage body, from his hands and arms, to his head, neck, shoulders, chest and stomach. Although Doug was now partially aroused, Jorani's strong nimble hands felt wonderful kneading and pulling his pliant taut muscles and stroking his moist smooth skin. Jorani bypassed Doug's crotch, and gave a good rub down to the top of his thighs, legs and feet.

She then took her bag and pulled out a box containing small acupuncture needles. 

Jorani grabbed Doug's head, spread out his hair and inserted several of the needles in his scalp and then in his ears. Although it prickled slightly, Doug felt almost no pain or discomfort.

Jorani started moving down Doug's stretch-out naked body, inserting tiny acupuncture needles in several places on his arms, shoulders, chest and stomach. As she was nearing his crotch area, Doug was getting worried.

"I hope she does not stick those needles in my dick!" he considered with alarm.

Thankfully, Jorani skipped his genitals and continued inserting needles along his thighs, legs and feet. She did finish by putting the few last ones near his scrotum.

"I look like a regular porcupine!" Doug reflected to himself. 

Jorani moved back to Doug's head and started lightly massaging his temples and the sides of his chin. Despite himself, Doug purred quietly, like a kitten. He was getting more and more relaxed and he felt his body releasing all its tension and aches.

"I hope I don't fall asleep now," Doug thought.
