 Sandy and I had known each other since drama club in middle school and were both pleased to be cast in Camelot during our senior year in high school. Neither of us had much of a role, but we did get to spend a fair amount of time on stage during several ensemble scenes. In particular, while Guinevere was singing about the "Lusty Month of May," Sandy and I were directed to be the "naughty" couple on the other side of the stage from Hank and Alison's "shy" couple. While Guinevere was singing, I was supposed to be acting and whispering suggestively to Sandy while she reacted encouragingly and Guinevere acted shocked.

Since Sandy and I knew each other very well, I had to be careful what I whispered to her so that she didn't end up laughing. On the night of our first dress rehearsal, I decided to try to really shock her, so when it came to that part of the scene, I told her how I wanted to hike her skirt up to her waist, yank off anything she was wearing underneath it and attack her pussy with my tongue. I went on about how I wanted to lick her and suck her clit while sliding my finger in and out of her. Guinevere wouldn't have been the only one shocked if I'd been secretly miked that night; final dress rehearsal night was always the night that local senior citizens were invited to see the play for free.

Sandy, on the other hand, though maybe a little surprised, ended up not having to do much acting during that scene. She whispered back to me that she was going to find someplace where I could do all of those things to her as soon as we got off the stage. I was lucky I didn't pitch a tent in my tights.

Once the scene was finally over, we had some time before we were due on stage again. Sandy and I headed down the hallway of the school to the room where we'd had our makeup done. It was dark and empty, so we slipped in and went all the way to the far side. I lifted Sandy up onto a table and pushed her skirt up around her waist. The modern panties she was wearing under her Arthurian costume were very damp against my lips as I kissed the front of them. Sandy moaned softly and ran her fingers through my hair as I ran my tongue up and down the front of her panties, tasting her pungent flavor for the first time.

Given that we were in the middle of a performance and that someone could walk in on us at any time, I figured I'd better put our time to good use. I slipped her panties down and set them aside then lowered my head between her smooth thighs. I ran my tongue from near her asshole up to her clit a few times, then slipped my middle finger into her snug hole. While pumping it slowly in and out, I flicked her clit with my tongue, causing her to gasp. She held my head in place as I licked and sucked her clit while finger-fucking her.

She started moving her hips, lifting her ass up off the table and forcing her pussy against my face. The closer she got to orgasm, the faster she moved and the harder her breathing got. Finally, with a soft cry, she started to shudder as she came. I stayed between her legs until she lifted my face to hers and kissed me, telling me it was my turn.

I stood up as she pulled her panties back on and switched places with me. I leaned back against the table as she took the top of my tights and started to pull them down. My rigid cock sprung out in her face and was quickly engulfed in her eager mouth. I couldn't suppress the moan that escaped due to the feeling of my cock buried in the hot depths of her mouth. She grasped the base of my cock and began to pump it as she slid her lips back up to the head, then, with her free hand, she gently fondled my dangling balls. I ran my fingers through her hair as she expertly sucked my cock with a talent beyond her eighteen years.

I would love to have had her suck my cock for hours on end, but we didn't have that kind of time. I pushed my hips at her face each time she lowered her mouth on my tool, feeling an orgasm quickly building. She picked up her pace which caused my orgasm to come on faster and my cock to begin to swell. I held the back of her head and was essentially fucking her mouth while her hands gripped my bare ass. Finally, with a grunt, I started spewing my load down her throat. She moaned as she swallowed it down, then let my shrinking cock fall from her mouth. As I pulled my tights back in place, she told me that during our next extended break, she was hoping to get laid.

It was a while before we had another lengthy break; long enough to recover and anticipate our next encounter. When it finally came, we slipped back into the same room we had used before. We started making out as Sandy leaned back against the table and hiked her skirt up again. I took her panties down and she hopped up onto the table so that I could slide them off. Setting them aside again, I lowered my tights to release my engorged tool as she spread her legs. Grasping my shaft, I guided the head of my cock between her lips and slipped easily into her snug, but well-lubricated pussy. We both moaned and began making out as I started fucking her good and hard.

Sandy gradually reclined back on the table while I grabbed her upper thighs to hold her from sliding anywhere. It was just light enough that I could see my cock disappearing and reappearing below her light brown bush; watching that made my cock even harder. I would have liked to fondle her pert, perky tits while fucking her, but her costume prohibited that; I'd have to wait until another time. The only sounds in the room were our heavy breathing and occasional moan, my hips slapping against the back of her thighs and the sloshing of her juicy pussy.

Sandy started rubbing her clit vigorously as I fucked her and I could feel her pussy getting even more slick. My cock was swelling with my impending orgasm and I was looking forward to filling her with my cum. Knowing that we could be discovered at any time, this may have been the first sexual experience of my young life where I wasn't trying to last as long as possible. I probably would have been done already if I hadn't blown that load in her mouth earlier that evening. I could feel my orgasm approaching, though, especially as her pussy seemed to get slicker and more engorged.

We were both breathing hard, focusing only on the pleasure we were feeling and our impending climaxes; it was just a matter of who came first. It ended up being pretty damn close; I felt my cock swell and knew I was a few strokes away from cumming when she let out a soft cry. As she started to shudder, the feeling translated to her pussy, causing me to start spewing into her with a soft grunt. I kept fucking her as long as my cock was rigid enough to do so. Eventually it started to soften, so I pulled back and let it slip free.

I pulled my tights back into place as she sat up and grabbed her panties, pulling them back on. Once we were presentable, we went back to see where the play was so we knew how long we'd have before either of us needed to be back onstage. It turned out that we still had a little bit of time, so we discussed it and agreed that for the next three nights of performances, we'd stick to the same schedule.

Nobody ever seemed to notice when we slipped away and neither of us ever missed a cue, so it turned out to be quite a success. On the night of the last performance, we went to the cast party afterward for a few hours, then slipped off to a motel so we could really cut loose.