 Please also see my husband's story Apartment Ch. 01.

*

On my return home from work last week, I had a very pleasant surprise. More of a revelation really. My husband had written an erotic account of one of our sexy lunchtime rendezvous and had submitted it to Literotica! 

This excited me in many different ways: not only discovering he has a talent for writing erotic stories but also the thought of innumerable horny readers having a peep into our ardent sex life.

Jeff is an academic, and until he met me 18 months ago, he led a very sheltered existence within the cloistered walls of the University. However, on the day we met, those walls came tumbling down, and he emerged, with a lust for life, well, for me in particular, and an insatiable desire to explore all the things he had barely dared to dream of. 

We are an eminently well suited couple, as I have a lifetime of sexual experiences under my not so chaste belt, a rampant libido, and a lust for this particular very well hung professor.

And so our stories began. Together we have explored different aspects of our own, and our joint sexualities; some seedy and risqué, some gentle and loving, but always exciting. As we have both discovered we get totally turned on writing erotica. We would like to offer you a little peek into that hot, dark, mysterious place where longing, lust and fantasy meet flesh to flesh. Would you like to come too?

The Coat

The front door clunked shut, high heels clipped away down the tenement stairs, and I was finally alone in the flat. I bolted from my warm bed and stood naked and shivering in front of the mirror, taking stock. Curvaceous body, if a little full around the bottom, that was ok; hair, well that could be sorted; but the eyes were full of questioning and apprehension.

I had been awake for 2 hours, dreaming up this audacious plan. It started off as an early morning fantasy to play along with. But after my hot slippy fingers had satisfied my tingling clit the idea grew and grew, until I dared myself to go through with it. 

But now that I had the place to myself to get ready, I wasn't sure if it was wise, and moreover if I had the nerve to carry it off.

Just at that moment, my mobile buzzed a text through. It was from him. I'd only met him 2 days before and he was still listed as 'jeff.com', my own code for men I met through the internet dating site. "Look 4ward 2 meeting up again very soon!" Oh God! I was due at his house in one hour and I was still stark naked! But if I stuck to my plan there wouldn't be too much change there!

Into a steamy hot shower, I splashed out using my best gel, lathering my curves and trying to wash off the endless juice seeping from my hot excited cunt. My nipples were hard as cherries and longing to be plucked and sucked. But no time for such pleasures. Hopefully that would come soon enough. Now I had work to do.

Seduction starts in the ritual of preparing yourself: pampering, cleansing, relaxing, while at the same time priming your mind and body for interaction. Personally I love role play. I get such a thrill out of donning an outfit which can change you into a slut, a naughty school girl, a dirty whore, or a depraved nun. Perhaps it's because 'being' someone else allows you to do things 'plain ol' Louisa' wouldn't dare do. I must add that my past lovers don't seem to mind too much either! 

Part of the trick is subtly working out what your lover wants. Does he actually want to be pushed a little further than he's ever been before, exploring new ground? This is what I sensed with Jeff, and was why I finally resolved to just go for it, push his boat way out, and see where it took us. Quite frankly, I reasoned to myself, if he's shocked or put off then he's not the man for me anyway.

A quick blast under the dryer to get my curls falling around my shoulders. Then a lick of make-up - too early for the full works. But a little red lipstick was definitely necessary for 'the look'.

Watching the clock, I slipped on sheer black stockings, aligning the seam up the back of my smooth legs, and attached red silk suspenders which I slapped happily against my luscious bottom (apparently my best feature according to some). The skimpiest thong knickers were more of an invitation than being of any practical use. And finally the matching red silk balcony bra showed off my soft plump breasts beautifully. I was almost ready. 

I didn't plan to be walking much, so I allowed myself the indulgence of wearing my new, illogically high, black patent heels. I teetered through to the hall cupboard for the final touch - an old black raincoat that I hadn't worn in years. I flicked the collar up and pulled the belt tight around my trim waist. Yes that was exactly what I had envisaged. But what would he think?

As I drove through town, the coat slipped to the side revealing be-stockinged thighs. I was simultaneously excited and nervous. My God what if I crashed, or got pulled over for a spot check!? However I arrived safely, ten minutes late as one would expect. I looked up at the huge new blocks of flats, and glanced once more at the address. I felt as if hundreds of eyes were watching me cross that car park, every one of them able to see through my shabby exterior, to the warm red silky softness below.

Although he had given me the code to get in, I rang his bell, just to be polite. Strangely there was no answer, so I let myself in and nervously took the lift to the third floor. I pressed the bell and counted the seconds, straining to hear footsteps within. Nothing. How odd? I checked the address, flat 10, and realised with horror that I'd come to the wrong block of flats! I fled as fast as my 4 inch heels could carry me, down once again to the car park, and carefully made my way to block 2 this time. I determined not to get flustered and focused on remembering how big and hard his cock had been that first night, and how tender and open he was holding me in his arms after our first tryst.

There I was at his door my heart racing, my pussy tingling, and I found myself simply longing to be with him again. This time there were footsteps hurrying to the door as soon as the bell rang and then there he was, looking almost surprised to see me. 

"Come in," he said, "May I take your coat?"

The Hall

As I slowly unbuttoned the coat, his jaw literally dropped open and his eyes darted from head to foot. His look of amazement turned into a delighted wide smile, and I knew then that I had judged him correctly.

By the time the coat slipped from my arms into a heap on the floor, I could discern a growing bulge in his trousers. Remembering what a delicious cock he had made my cunt tighten, and I ran my tongue around my hungry lips. Without a word I stepped towards him and watching his face closely, put my hand on his erection, feeling the rim of its head through the fine material. He let out a low groan and leaned back against the front door. I wanted to tease him but could not resist that glorious waking monster which stirred in my hand.

Kneeling down before him, I unzipped his trousers slowly, rather like unwrapping a present carefully, when you actually want to rip the paper off in one fell swoop. As soon as the trousers liberated his cock, it sprung out from his boxers and stood rigid, a small glistening drop appearing at the tip. I smiled up at him, but his eyes were closed, a look of intense anticipation akin to pain on his face. Gentle as a feather, I licked the drop of pre cum from the tip and spread it around the silky smooth knob, then allowed my lips to take the whole head in my greedy mouth.

He let out a gasp and his cock jumped in my mouth and seemed to grow even harder. I wanted to explore every bit of him, my lips and tongue slipping down his shaft, then up again to flick and suck that oh so sensitive area at the base of the head. I sucked on those tight balls and let my hand give him a good firm wank before taking his whole enormous cock in my mouth and sucking him until he pushed me away and said in a low, loaded voice, "I've got to have you now."

He lifted my face up to his and kissed me feverishly as his hands grabbed at my butt. I could feel my juices soaking the strip of thong which pressed against my screaming clit, and I groaned as he bent to take my hardened nipples in his mouth. Sucking hard on one then the other sent shooting flames through my belly and straight into my cunt. I had to feel him inside me I couldn't wait any longer. Pulling him down to the floor I panted, "Oh fuck, fuck me now." 

My cunt was so wet and ready that despite his size, he pushed his way straight in and filled me so completely that I exploded in orgasm with his first thrust. I moaned loudly as he rode me through waves of pleasure, and I could not stop myself even though I could hear two people talking loudly as they walked along the corridor outside. Their talking suddenly ceased as they clearly heard not just my moans but Jeff's gasping and groaning as he pummelled into the depths of my exploding cunt.

He suddenly rose upwards on outstretched arms and looked at me intently, his rhythm became urgent and with a loud cry, shuddering and thrusting his cum spurted deep inside me.

We lay entwined until my back became uncomfortable on the rough carpet. 

"Well you've got an amazing hall Jeff. What on earth is the bedroom like!?" 

"Why don't you come and see? You might need a little lie down before I take you again, 'cause next time you're in for a long, slow haul..."