 Some of you may remember a story I posted a few months ago called Career Advice for Cameron. To sum it up, a few of my employees and I attended an out of town conference. The night before we returned home, I received a visit in my hotel room from Cameron, an extremely attractive young lady who was seeking advice on how to advance her career. With a combination of coaxing, reassuring, and maybe a touch of compulsion, the evening ended with Cameron on her knees, her pretty lips wrapped around my cock, and her mouth full of cum, which she swallowed every drop of. She also got the promotion she'd been seeking. However, after that evening, Cameron and I had no other sexual contact, not that I didn't think of asking. 

Unfortunately, a couple weeks ago she informed me that she had been offered a better paying job at another company and would be leaving us on the following Friday. I congratulated her on her good fortune and reminded her that I had always said she would be successful. 

On Thursday, the day before her last day, she stopped me in the hallway and asked if she could schedule an appointment with me on Friday afternoon. "I just want to give you my thoughts on my time here. You know, sort of an exit interview," she explained. 

"Sure," I replied, "I'd love to hear what you have to say. How about stopping by at around 4?" 

"Perfect," she said, "I'll be there." She turned and walked away and I headed back to my office, too preoccupied with putting the finishing touches on a just concluded contract to even think of what was behind her seemingly innocent request. 

At the appointed time, I heard a light knock on my halfway open office door. "Come on in," I responded. 

She pushed the door the rest of the way open and walked into the office. She was wearing a black skirt cut just above the knees, open-toe shoes, and a blouse that really showed off her cleavage; the buttons looking like they would pop at any time as they fought to contain her lovely rack. Her hair was down, framing her pretty face. And, my God, did she smell delicious! My stomach fluttered when I saw her and my cock began to tingle, remembering how good it felt to have this hot little number sucking on me. 

"Thanks a lot for taking the time to meet with me," she said. "I know you're really busy." 

"It's no problem at all." I replied. "Please, close the door and make yourself comfortable." 

She sat down on the couch and we began to talk about her time with the company. She gave me some positives and negatives and even some suggestions on how to improve on our processes. She had clearly done her homework and I was genuinely impressed. The conversation began to wind down after about twenty minutes and she stood up to leave. 

"Cameron, I have to say, I'm really impressed with you and I appreciate your candor in telling me about your experience here. Please stay in contact and don't hesitate to ask if there's anything I can help you with," I said.

"Well, before I go, there is one thing," she said, walking over to where I sat behind my desk. 

"Sure, how can I help?" 

She leaned down and put her mouth next to my ear, "you can fuck me," she whispered. 

My jaw must have hit the floor. "What?" I asked in stunned disbelief. 

"You can fuck me. Treat me like a slut," she clarified. 

"What brought this on?" I asked, still in amazement. 

"It's nothing new," she said. "Look, when I came to your hotel room that night, I expected, I mean wanted, you to fuck me. I thought all men dreamed of having a fling with a coworker or stranger in a hotel room. You know, uninhibited no strings sex. I wanted to feel your cock inside me so badly, and when all you seemed to want was for me to suck on you, well, I was disappointed. I thought maybe you didn't think I was hot enough or something like that. So, I decided to give it one more try. I remembered what you had told me before, if you want something you need to be aggressive and go after it, you know, demonstrate your seriousness. And that's exactly what I'm doing." She took a deep breath and blushed slightly. 

I couldn't help but smile, those words about taking the initiative and going after what you wanted had come straight from my mouth. 

"You certainly caught me off guard," I finally said. "I had no idea you were interested in anything more, especially after how sad you seemed to be after our hotel encounter." 

"Don't get me wrong," she said, "I don't want any kind of relationship with you. My boyfriend is a great guy whom I love very much, but there are certain things he won't do. He wants to turn every time we make love into some big romantic moment. Even though I've explained it to him, he just doesn't get the idea that some times I want to be fucked hard, and to cum, and not to cuddle when we're done. I just basically want to know what it feels like to be treated like a slut. I think you're the perfect man to give me what I want and because I moving away and you're married, I don't have to worry about you wanting something more." 

After a minute or two of thinking, I looked into her soft brown eyes and said, "I'll give you what you want." 

She smiled back, walked to the door and locked it, crossed the room back to my desk and urgently whispered, "Do me now!" 

I walked around the desk to where she stood, running my eyes over her toned body and breathing in her delicious scent. God she was hot! Her body screamed FUCK ME! I told her to pull up her skirt and sit on the edge of the desk. As she moved to comply, I thought to myself that I'd finally be able to confirm what kind of panties she wore, something I had often fantasized about. However, to my surprise and delight, when she pulled up her skirt, it revealed a pair of well toned thighs and a neatly trimmed pussy; no black thong or bikini briefs. 

"See," she said as she made herself comfortable on the edge of the desk, "I come prepared." 

"Yes you certainly do," I said licking my lips. I moved in front of her, put a hand on each of her knees, and gently spread her legs. I knelt down and put my head between her thighs and took a deep breath. 

"It's Warm Vanilla Sugar lotion," she said, "I remember you said it was your favorite scent." 

"I have to really watch what I say around you, don't I? You don't seem to forget anything I say." I moved my face into her pussy and slid my tongue inside her. 

"What are you doing?" she gasped with pleasure, her legs tightening around my head. 

I removed my tongue and said, "I'm finding out if your pussy tastes as sweet as I imagined it would. And I'm not disappointed."

"You lie," she said, "It's not sweet." 

I ignored her comment and slid my tongue back inside her, wiggled it a bit, slurped up some of her wetness, and finally licked up to her clit, which I gently sucked on for a few seconds. My curiosity satisfied, I stood up, walked to the sofa, and began to undress. Once naked, I beckoned for her to come over and sit on my lap facing away from me. I spread her legs wide open and made sure to keep her skirt pulled up around her stomach. My throbbing cock rubbed against her pussy, the combination of her wetness and my precum making a slippery lube. I tried to slide inside her, but missed, the head and shaft of my cock gliding up her slit and rubbing against her clit. She sighed with pleasure. 

I readjusted and this time my cock slid deep inside her tight little fuckhole. 

"Oh God yes! Now fuck me hard!" she commanded. 

"Actually, I said, "you're going to do all the work. Now start bouncing!" 

She began to use those incredibly sexy and muscular legs of hers to raise and lower herself on my cock. She bounced, grinding and wiggling her hips, tightening her pussy muscles around my cock as she slid up and down. It was times like this I wish I had a mirror in my office. I could just imagine sitting there in front of it watching my cock slide in and out of her, watching her tits bounce as she moved up and down. God what a sight it must be! 

"Ooooh! That feels sooo good!" she breathed, continuing to work my cock in and out. 

"Stop!" I commanded, "Now stand up!" She protested, but did as she was told. Her ass was now directly by my face and I couldn't help myself. I reached out and smacked it. "Now turn around and get on your knees." 

"But I don't want to suck on you," she whined. "I want your cock in my cunt." 

"First, you need to see that I'm not lying about how sweet you taste. I want you to suck every drop of your pussy juice off my cock." 

"I don't want to," she complained. 

I stood up so my cock was at her face level and pushed her head towards it. She finally opened her mouth and took me deep inside that soft mouth of hers. "I believe that every woman should know what her pussy juice tastes like. And I also believe there's no better way to find out than sucking it off a cock. Now lick it all off!" 

After a minute or so of licking, she looked up and said, "you're right, I am pretty tasty." I smiled back and patted her head. 

I grabbed a cushion off the sofa, put it on the floor, and told her to lie down. I knelt down between her legs, which I lifted and placed on my shoulders. 

"Wait," she said, "If that's what you want, watch what I can do." To my amazement she practically put her ankles up by her head. "See, I was a gymnast in high school and college, so I'm really flexible," she smiled and winked. 

Now there was a picture. A hot brunette with an incredible body, a dripping wet and deliciously tight pussy, with her ankles by her ears sprawled out on my office floor. I couldn't hold back any longer. If she wanted to be fucked like a slut, she was doing all the right things to make it happen. I rammed my cock into her cunt, grabbed her around the shoulders, and began to pound away. My balls slapped against her ass and she began to moan. 

"Yes! Yes! Fuck your little whore! Fuck my cunt and make me cum!" 

"Oh you fucking little slut! You want your cunt fucked hard? How's this?" I tightened my grip on her shoulders and increased my speed and force. 

She screamed with delight, "Yes! Yes! Harder! Harder! Fuck me!" 

Another minute of pumping her pussy and she yelled, "I'm going to cum! I'm going to cum! Fuck your little bitch's cunt!" She dug her fingernails into my back and I could feel her pussy begin to pulse as the orgasm swept over her. I reamed her two or three more times before I grunted and shot my load inside her. We both laid there on the floor panting for a minute or two before she said, "ok, get off, it's time for me to go." I rose and gave her a hand as she untangled herself and stood up. She smoothed the wrinkles in her skirt and her slightly disheveled hair. 

"Thank you," she said, "I always knew you were a man of your word. You gave me exactly what I wanted. Thanks for everything and I'll see you." 

As she turned to go, I handed her a couple tissues to wipe up the cum I noticed dripping down her left leg. She smiled appreciatively, turned, and walked out the door.