 I would like to thank 'Techsan' for editing this story for me.

Authors note: This is the same family from 'A Marriage in Turmoil' only it's about their sons approximately six years later. It is a complete stand alone story.

*

This story is about 'How do we treat family.' Well, eventually it will be about that. I'm Jacob, twenty-four years old. David is my younger brother who is twenty-two. I'm the jock in the family, receiving a scholarship to play football. I stand 6'2" and weigh in at about 220 lbs. Dave is the nerd of the family. He stands around 5'11" weighs in at about 185 lbs. Even though we are opposites, we are as close as two brothers can get. We share most of our life experiences together. There's nothing I wouldn't do for my little brother.

Our parents have really supported us in whatever we do. Dad owns a hardware store and I work there whenever I'm home. It gives me some spending money. After I get my business degree I may eventually take over running the family business. Dave on the other hand works at the store full time to help the parents out. He is a total brain and is a computer wiz. He has his own computer business on the side and helps different companies solve their computer problems.

I'm in my last year in college. I'm attending a university about a hundred miles from home. I go home at least once a month. When I first started college I went home just about every weekend. As you get older I guess you just don't get as homesick. Plus you start meeting other people and building friendships. 

I've been rooming with four other guys for the last three years. We each have our own bedroom but share all the other rooms. It makes it kind of interesting when their girlfriends or dates stay overnight. You see more pussy than you can imagine. We all seem to attract quite a wild group of girls. I guess because we're all jocks. They seem to really like sex and some, not all, don't mind multiple partners. I couldn't tell you how many girls have been shared over the last three years. There isn't a week that goes by that we don't use up a twelve pack of condoms between us.

The one thing dad told Dave and me is to always wear a condom if we have sex. One reason is because of diseases and the other pregnancy. I do my best to heed dads warning. Dave said he always wears a condom.

I remember reading all these stories about sharing your girlfriends and spouses. I can say from experience that sharing a girlfriend with your buddies is no big deal. It quite a turn-on to watch your buddies fuck your woman while you fuck theirs. I really like these girls but I know I wouldn't want to marry them. They are my college days 'fuck'. My future memories, which so far I have a lot of.

After our game on Saturday we are all headed to a Halloween Party. Everyone must wear a costume if you expect to get in. I decided to go as a Buccaneer. I went to the costume rental store and picked it up. I thought I looked pretty neat. All four of us guys jumped into a van and headed to the party. It was being held at one of the big bar hangouts. We went there after most games to either cheer or drown our sorrows, depending on whether we won or lost the game.

The party was in full swing when we got there. Just about every kind of costume you can imagine. I went over and got a beer and was just watching the crowd when I saw her. She was beautiful. She was dressed like 'Alice in Wonderland' and looked just as good. I couldn't take my eyes off her. She looked like someone very special. I watched her dance a few dances and then would go over to sit with a witch. Not a real witch, just a girl dressed in a witches costume. 

One guy I didn't know walked up to her and asked her to dance. I could see her shake her head 'no' Then the creep reached down and pulled at her arms to get her up. I saw her telling him no again and then she was getting aggravated. I jumped up from my chair, walked over to the table and got her a glass of punch and then took it to her. I said, "Here, honey, sorry it took me so long." I looked at the stranger and said, "Thanks for watching my girlfriend while I was gone. You can go now."

The guy looked at me with a worried look and walked away. I looked back the girl and asked her name.

"I'm Alice of Wonderland, can't you tell?" she smiled.

I smiled back and said, "A very beautiful Alice if I may say so. My name is Buck, short for Buccaneer. May I have this dance, Alice of Wonderland?" She got up and we were dancing to a slow tune. She thanked me for saving her or at least intervening. We stayed on the dance floor for a few dances. When we looked back, her witch friend was joining some other people so Alice and I went and sat by ourselves. 

I just couldn't get over her. I was like in a trance, I could almost say I loved this girl and I didn't even know her real name. She was just so great to be close to I can't find the words to describe my feelings or why I had them. She looked great, she smelled great, a smile and dimples that were unbelievable. There was just this radiance about her. I kept asking her different questions but she avoided most of them. I did find out she was not a student at the University. She was a friend of the witch who did attend the University. Her friend had asked her if she would like to come to this party a few weeks ago and she decided to go.

Alice mentioned she lives in Newark, which is a town about fifty miles away. She works in an office in her town, she was single but did have a boyfriend and didn't know if she did the right thing in not letting him know about the party. I told her there is nothing wrong with going to a party and if her boyfriend didn't like it she could break up with him and go with me. She just laughed. The funny thing is I meant it. I really did.

One of my roommates came over and asked Alice to dance. I looked up at him and said, "Get lost, Bill! I'm not sharing Alice with anyone." 

Bill looked up and said, "Come on, man, I thought we shared everything?"

I looked back at Bill with rage and said, "Get the fuck out of here before I kick your ass."

Bill just said he was sorry and left very quickly. Alice looked at me and said, "What did he mean by share?" 

I just explained that we were all roommates and we have lived together for three years and could we please change the subject. 

"No, I don't want to change the subject. I want to know if your roommates share women? What kind of woman would let men take advantage of her that way and why would you be a part of it?"

"I . .I . .I don't know what to say to you."

"Just tell me the truth, that's all I ask. I won't hold it against you. I don't know you well enough to judge you. I'm just interested in your answer."

"Okay, yes, there have been some wild parties at our house. No woman has ever been forced to do anything against her will by any of the guys. And, yes, I have been part of it. Maybe I was drunk or just wanted sex, I don't remember. Can we change the subject now?"

"Thank you for being honest with me. I doubt if most guys would have told the truth. Maybe I should leave now?"

"Please don't go, please. I want to be with you. I want to dance with you, hold you. Please stay we me." I took her arm and led her back to the dance floor without saying a word. I have no idea what she was thinking about at that point. I just knew I didn't want to lose her and I knew I would never and I mean never share her with anyone.

We danced as I held her close. She looked up at me and I gently kissed her. She offered no resistance. She was just so kind and gentle. My parents would love me to bring home an angel like this. I guess they were a little worried about the women I dated.

We sat back down and as I kissed her she shuddered. I just held her close. I've been with a lot of women but never in my life had these tender feelings. I think I was falling in love. At this point I really didn't know. I just kept kissing her and holding her. I didn't want to ever let her go.

I asked her if she would take me home. I knew she drove herself and her witch friend whose real name was Kristy to the party. I had ridden to the party with the guys. I wanted to leave this party and be alone with Alice.

She left me for a few minutes and went to talk to Kristy. I saw Kristy look over at me and then back to Alice. They hugged and then Alice said we could leave. I didn't have to say anything to the guys as they saw us leave. I hoped they got the message to stay away for awhile. I wanted to be alone with Alice.

When we got back to my house we walked into my room. Alice was shaking, I held her very gently and asked if she was alright. She just shook her head lightly as I turned down the lights and began unbuttoning her dress. I slipped off her costume and left her bra and panties on. As she lay on the bed I quickly removed my clothing, all but my briefs. I lay on the bed next to Alice, neither of us saying a word. I gently kissed her and felt her shudder again. I just held her gently. This wasn't going to be a fuck, this was going to be gentle love making.

Alice looked at me very seriously and said, "I've only been with one other man, my boyfriend. We have only done it one time. He took my virginity and came very quickly. Please be very gentle with me. I'm scared. I know I shouldn't be here but when I was dancing and talking with you I know I wanted you. I'm not a slut, please believe me, I just wanted to be made love to."

With that said, I began to make love to her. I kissed her gently on the lips as I rubbed her breasts. I could feel her getting emotional. God, she was so innocent, so wanting. I wouldn't let her down. I took one of her tits and gently sucked on it while slowly fondling the other. Her nipples began to get longer and harder as she was moaning lightly. I kept kissing her lips then her tits. Back and forth, back and forth. As I was nibbling on her tits I slowly lowered one of my hands down her front and rested it on her little belly. I began rubbing her mid section in a circular motion. Each time covering more distance with my hand. I heard her say, "God, it feels so good."

I slid my hands into her panties and rested it on her soft blond mound. I rubbed her mound very gently while still kissing her nipples. Then I slowly got up and went to the bottom of the bed and slowly removed her panties. I crawled up and buried my face against her moist pussy. I could smell her sex odor and it was driving me crazy. She put her legs across my shoulders as I kept my face buried against her pubic area. I said, "Spread your lips for me please." 

She reached down with both hands and spread the lips of her pussy which were glistening with her moisture. I pushed my tongue into her pussy till my face was totally buried in her mound. She cried out, "I love it, I love, it, I love it, so good, so good. My God, I love it so much."

Then she came with an explosion. She buried my face with her juices and she held onto my head. She cried out, "Aaahh, so good, aah aah."

I pulled at the sheet and wiped her jucies off my face. I crawled up next to her and started tongue kissing her. Neither of us could get enough as we devoured each other's lips. I then got on top of her and as she spread her legs apart I rubbed my cock head against her moist pussy. I knew I should heed my dad's warning and put on a condom but I was too far gone. She looked at me and wanted to say something about a condom also but it just didn't come out. Instead she said, "Make love to me, please be gentle."

I just pushed the head of my cock in her as I heard her gulp a big intake of breath. Her eyes were closed as I started pushing the length of my cock into her waiting pussy ever so slowly. I could hear her moaning with pleasure as my whole cock length worked its way in. I stopped when my cock was in as deep as it would go. Pelvic area pushed against pelvic area. She was pushing as hard as I was. She opened her eyes and stared at me. Her facial expression was one of giving up her body totally to me, one of total intimacy. I slowly started an in and out motion. At first I used very short strokes, then my strokes became longer giving her everything on every stroke.

I couldn't last much longer. I hoped she was ready as I pushed my cock in as deep as it would go and then stopped pumping. She reached around and grabbed my ass with both hands and pushed her pussy up as tight as she could against me. I let out a yell, "I'm coming," and shot a load as deep into her as it could go. At the same time she screamed out, "God help me, I never knew it could be so good," as tears ran down her face.

I crawled back up next to her, put my arms around her and just held her as we both dozed off.

I awoke to the ringing of the telephone. I looked up and it was just midnight. I said, "Hello" and my brother Dave said, "Hi, bro. Hope I didn't disturb you but I need to ask you something and I didn't want it to wait."

I took the phone and shut the bedroom door and went into the living room. I didn't want to

disturb Alice who was still sleeping. "What is it, Dave? What's so important?"

"I'm in love, Jake. I have a new girlfriend and I think I love her."

"Congrats, Dave, but why are you calling me now at midnight?"

"I wanted to tell you to come home next weekend. Veronica and her mom and dad are coming to meet our family. Can you please come? You're my big bro and I need you here. They will be coming Saturday and leaving Sunday night."

"Yes, Dave, I'll be there for you but not until Sunday. I don't think the coach would like me to miss the game on Saturday just so I can meet my future sis-in-law. So I ought to get there around noon on Sunday. Oh, by the way Dave I have a new girlfriend too, Alice. I'll ask her if she can come visit with me. That would be a big surprise for mom and dad. Don't tell them just in case she can't make it."

"Thanks, Jake. I think she's the one. See you next Sunday. Bye"

"That's cool," I thought, "my little brothers got a girlfriend. I'm so happy for him. Right now though I have a girlfriend of my own to get back to." 

I went back into the bedroom and there lay the most beautiful creature on God's green earth. Totally naked, and totally exposed. My dick was hard just looking at her. I couldn't help it. I don't ever remember feeling this way about any girl. I climbed back into bed next to her and put my mouth back on her nipples and my hand back on her crotch and just squeezed her mound ever so gently.

She opened her eyes and looked at me. I leaned forward and put my lips to hers as I sank two finger into her pussy. She kept pumping her mound against my fingers trying to get them in even deeper. I pulled my fingers out of her pussy and asked her to get on top of me while I lay on my back, my cock sticking straight up. She got up and took my cock in her hand and as she straddled me she slid my cock into her pussy and started riding it. She had her hands behind her head and her eyes closed as she was riding my cock. I reached up and grabbed her tits while she rode me.

I was watching her juices dripping down my cock. It was fascinating to see her give herself so completely to me. I knew she was about to orgasm again when she pushed down hard and squealed. I shot my second big load of the night into her wanting pussy. She then leaned over and kissed me and repeated that she didn't know it could be so good. She had to use the bathroom and asked me to make sure the roommates weren't back yet. She was not a slut and wasn't about to let anyone else see her.

She grabbed my t-shirt and slipped it over her head. The t-shirt never had it so good I thought. She went into the bathroom and cleaned up.

I fell asleep and when I awoke she was gone. Her 'Alice in Wonderland' costume also was gone. The only thing left was my t-shirt. I held to my face and could smell her. God, what happened? Why did she leave? I was falling in love with her. I felt depressed as I sat down on the bed. On the night stand was a note.

----------------------------- 

"Dearest Buck, I couldn't stay any longer. If I did, I would never want to leave. I shouldn't tell you this stuff but I was falling in love with you. It wasn't suppose to happen. I'm not a slut but now I feel like one after doing what I did with you. I went against my upbringing just for the sex. It was wrong for me to do it. Now I have to live with the memory of you. I should have never cheated on my boyfriend. I hope that someday he may become the lover that you are. I have my doubts because the sex with you was so incredible. I will never forget you for as long as I live.

Love,

Alice" 

---------------------------- 

My God, she's gone. I have to find her but where do I look? I did run out front to see if her car was still there. I don't even know what her name is. Maybe it was Alice? The only thing I knew for sure was that she had a friend named Kristy which could be short for anything. Also Kristy did attend this college of over 40,000 students. And that, if she told me the truth, she works in a city of over 70,000 people.

I sat down and cried.

I ran around all day Sunday looking for some kind of clue to either Kristy or Alice. No one seemed to know them. I guess they probably ran around with a different kind of crowd than I did. Damn it! I wasn't going to give up. I needed to see Alice again.

On Monday I didn't have much time to look for either Alice or Kristy. I did ask around a lot and hoped someone would get back to me. I had classes and football practice all week. It didn't help my search but it did take my mind off of Alice for awhile. The nights were horrible. The coach gave me some pills to help me sleep. We did have a game on Saturday and I had to be ready for it.

As of Saturday I didn't get any clues as to the whereabouts of either Alice or Kristy. I went to our game. At least we won. Everyone invited me to the after game party but I just wasn't in the mood. My roommates tried to cheer me up and even brought some girls home. I sat around and kissed one girl and even put my hand on her thigh and slid it up to her pussy. It just wasn't the same. I kissed her and headed for my room by myself.

I got up Sunday morning and showered. I got an overnight bag together and headed for my parents' home. At least being around family is good. It will give me some time to maybe forget about Alice. At least for now.

When I got to my parents' house, Dave came running out to greet me. I've never seen him so happy. I asked him, "Are Veronica and her parents here?"

He said, "They are staying at the motel. They arrived yesterday and met mom and dad. They really love her, Jake. Dad actually said he wishes you could find a girl as nice as Veronica." 

Then he asked me about Alice. I didn't have the nerve to tell him that might not even be her real name, that she just left and I had been unable to find her. But I'll try again after I get home Monday. I just told David that it was too short of notice and she had other plans. Maybe he can meet her another time.

We went into the house and I greeted mom and dad. They seem to be so happy. I remember six years ago when they almost broke up, all because of some misunderstanding. When I get married I hope to have the love in my marriage that my parents do. Then I thought about Alice and got a tear in my eye. My parents thought it was for them. I guess in a way it could be as I hugged them both.

We talked about school and the football team. About graduation and working at the store. They asked me if I was dating anyone special. I looked over at a smiling David and said, "There is someone kind of special but I'm not at liberty to talk about it."

Dad laughed and said, "Jake, you are using condoms, aren't you?" Mom hit him on the arm as we all laughed. I just said, "Yes, dad," and smiled at mom who was smiling back at me.
