 If you haven't read Chapter 1 please do so now. I want to Thank 'Techsan' for editing this story.

*

Well, there we were in the restaurant. Veronica (a.k.a. Alice) was standing there staring at me eye to eye. I wanted to cover for her, so I said, "My God, Dave is right, you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. It's so nice to meet you." I grabbed her and gave her a big hug before anyone could notice the shock in her eyes. I could feel the tenseness in the hug.

David said, "Hey, Jake, she's my girl. Let her go" as everyone laughed. Then he said, "Go find your own woman." 

I know he was joking with me because of the big smile on his face. I just replied with, "I doubt if there is another girl out there as nice as this one. You're a very lucky man, Dave, very lucky." I excused my self and headed to the men's room. I didn't even give Veronica a chance to respond.

I went into the first stall and broke down and cried. I couldn't help it. I found the girl of my dreams and she belongs to my brother. I know if I tried I could take her away. Their bond wasn't that strong yet. But it was my brother, my family. God, life sucks.

After letting it all out I regained my composure and went back out to the dining area. I apologized for leaving the table but said, "When you gotta go, you gotta go." Everyone just kind of smiled and went along. I'm pretty sure Veronica and dad saw through my charade. Dad was real observant and just kind of stared at me. He looked at the change in Veronica's demeanor and then back at me.

Veronica was on edge the rest of the time. She covered fairly well but didn't talk much. She didn't have to. Dave was talking enough for everyone at the table. I've never seen him this happy. My brother the nerd getting the real girl. 

I needed to talk to Veronica alone but there wasn't a chance without looking secretive. It would just have to wait. I wasn't sure what I would tell her. I didn't know what to do. As soon as I finished dinner I excused myself telling everyone I had to get back to campus. I made my rounds, shaking Mr. and Mrs. Mills' hands and kissing my mom and Pam, my little sister. Then I gave Veronica a kiss on the cheek and a light hug saying how nice it was to finally meet her. Then I hugged my little brother who looked like the grinning cat that ate the mouse. I told him how very lucky he was to have a girl like Veronica and that I wished them the best. I borrowed his car to get back to the house. He could ride back with mom and dad.

As I drove back to school I thought about my situation. I kept saying to myself that I only knew her one day. Maybe I am going overboard here. I had a good life before ever meeting her, I could have a good life now. Maybe I should leave well enough alone and not see her again. I decided to use that idea and get into the rest of my life. She was Dave's girl and I would never hurt my brother. I could never tell him what really happened. It would devastate him.

------------------------------------- 

Veronica speaks

Wow, where do I begin. I work in a small business as a secretary. One day our computers went on the blink. I told my boss and he said he would get it taken care of. One day a young man came in to work on the computer. He was so sweet and kept talking to me. 

I never dated much in high school. I went to an all girls school so I didn't have very much contact with boys. My parents were rather strict. I was now twenty-one and had my own job. I still lived at home but had the freedom to pretty much do what I wanted. 

David would come up and talk to me. I think he was as shy as I was. I guess we made a pretty nice couple. He asked me out and we started dating. He lived about forty miles away so we only got together on weekends. He was a lot of fun to be around. My parents even liked him. He was somewhat of a nerd but I found him to be funny. I enjoyed going out with him.

After a few dates we became more serious. We kissed often and I let him touch my body outside of my clothing. You see, I was still a virgin at twenty-one years old. I just never wanted to give myself to just anyone. I wanted to have feelings for the person I made love to. 'Love to,' that's kind of funny. After dating David for about three months I decided to give him my cherry, 'My virginity.' He was so surprised when he came to the house and my parents weren't home. We started making out on the couch and this time I didn't stop him. He thought he was getting away with something but I was just letting him take me. It's kind of funny looking back on it now.

He would act like he accidentally touched me. Then he fumbled with the buttons of my blouse not realizing I was helping him. When he finally had my jeans unsnapped, I felt him sliding his hands down into my panties. He slid his fingers right into my vagina. I was so wet. This was the first man I ever let finger me. It felt so good, I could have let him do it for an hour but unfortunately it only lasted a minute or so. I guess he figured he was going to get some so he jumped off the couch and removed his clothes. I watched as he slid on a condom. He looked at me and smiled saying, "Dad's orders." 

I smiled back at him thinking that was a good thing. I didn't want to get pregnant. I just wanted to feel the love of a man in me. I slid off my jeans and panties and lay on the sofa. I put a couple of towels under me not knowing what to expect. I didn't want a mess for mom and dad to find.

He got on top of me and pushed his cock hard into me breaking my hymen. I screamed out, "Oh, God," it hurt more than I expected. I think he took it as enjoyment and started pumping hard into me. Eventually it began to feel better and I began to moan. I guess he thought I had an orgasm as he shot his load into the condom. I almost made it. I was in the throes of passion when he stopped. He got off of me and said how great it was and how much he loved me.

He took off the blood-soaked condom and wrapped it in a tissue. I got up holding the towel against my vagina and running into the bathroom to clean up. I'm glad it was finally over. A girl wonders what the first time will be like. It was okay but no big deal. I didn't get the fire works I expected. Maybe next time.

Dave invited me and my parents over to meet his family. He wanted to do it the following weekend but I told him I already had plans to go out with my girlfriend. So we set the visit up for two weeks away. He kept saying how they had the perfect family. His brother even though complete opposites was his best friend. He just said his brother Jake was the best and would do anything for him. He also mentioned that he hoped I loved Jake as much as he did.

I could tell he really cared for his brother. I just hoped his brother wasn't a complete jerk. Who knows, I might become part of the family some day and wanted to get along with everyone.

The following weekend I went to a Halloween party with my friend Kristy. We went to high school together and she left to go to the big University. We have always kept in touch and got together when she came home. She mentioned I could spend the night with her in her apartment that she shared with a half dozen other girls. That way it wouldn't cost me anything. I needed a costume so I went into my closet and started putting together an outfit. Mom came home and was helping me get my costume together. She smiled and suggested 'Alice in Wonderland' I had the long blond hair for it and a pretty blue dress. Mom and I really had fun putting this outfit together.

I had to drive about fifty miles to Kristy's place. All the truckers smiled and honked their horns. It felt good to know I could draw attention. When I entered Kristy's apartment her girlfriends looked at me and said, "Damn, girl, you look good."

I just smiled and said, "Thank you" to them and then helped Kristy finish with her witch's costume. I told her that I hoped she wasn't looking for a guy tonight because her costume just wasn't going to do it. We all laughed out loud. These were a great bunch of girls.

I was having a good time dancing until one creep started bothering me. I danced with him one time and he kept trying to cop a feel. So the next time he asked, I told him, "no". He tried to pull me out of my chair when a big guy in a buccaneer costume told the creep that I was his date and he could leave now. Damn, he was handsome in a rugged sort of way. He reminded me a little of my boyfriend David except he was a lot bigger and more muscular. 

He asked me my name and I just told him Alice of Wonderland. He smiled and said how beautiful I looked. He introduced himself as Buck, short for Buccaneer. He asked me to dance and after that first dance we spent the rest of the evening together dancing. God, I loved just being with him. He had it all: good looks, manners, muscles. I actually wondered what he would be like in bed, comparing him to David. 

One of his friends came over and asked me to dance. Buck told him to get lost, he wasn't sharing me with anyone. I wondered what he meant by that. So I asked him.

He hem-hawed around and finally just told me the truth, that some girls went back to their house and more that one guy took her. No one got hurt and no one did anything against their will. Of course I fantasized like every woman but I would never want to be shared. I was thinking of leaving but Buck took me by the hand and glided me around the dance floor. God, I liked being with him. He then brought his lips to mine. He kissed me very gently and I could feel myself shudder. God, what is this man doing to me. He then kissed me again. My God, I wanted him. I know it was wrong. I had a boyfriend but I wanted this man.

He asked me if I could take him home. He didn't have a vehicle. I knew what he wanted. I also knew I was going to give it to him. One time, one time only, I needed to know if making love was what David and I did or was there more to it. Tonight this one time I would find out. 

I went over to talk to Kristy and told her about taking Buck home. She looked at me knowing I had a boyfriend. She looked over at Buck and said that he wasn't from the group that they hung around with. He was part of the athletic group. They were a lot more wild and that I needed to be careful. She would leave her porch light on for me. She hugged me and again reminded me to be careful as I left to take Buck home.

As we entered his room I was as nervous as I have ever been. I shuddered at every little touch. He was gentle in everything he did. He slowly helped me remove my clothing. He left my bra and undies on, which I felt good about at the moment. I wasn't totally naked in front of him yet. As I lay on his bed he stripped down to his briefs and lay next to me.

He began gently kissing me and then undid my bra and started sucking on my breasts. He didn't rush, he just took his time and gently sucked my nipples till they became hard. He slid his hand around my mid-section, getting me hot before sliding his hand down onto my mound. Once he slid his fingers into me I knew I was ready for him. He got up and I thought he was going to take me just like David did but it didn't happen that way.

He pulled off my undies and buried his face in my vagina. I had never had oral sex with a man before. I put my legs on his shoulders and spread my pussy lips so he could stick his tongue deep in me. I climaxed all over his face. I couldn't help it. It just came so suddenly, I loved the feeling. He eventually got his cock out and put the head against my pussy. He didn't have a condom on and I should have said something but I wanted it all, even with the chance of getting pregnant. I know now what a stupid chance I was taking but at the time I just wanted him in me.

He slowly pushed it in and buried it deep inside me. He did more than fuck me, he made love to my pussy. At that point I knew I was falling in love with him. At least sexually, I was falling in love. I really didn't know him that well other than the way he made love. It was just the way I always dreamt about.

We did it one more time that night with me on top. I honestly couldn't believe how good it felt. I could make love to this man forever. 

As I was cleaning up after we were done making love, shame came over me. I knew what I did was wrong. I began to feel like a slut. Letting two men have me two consecutive weeks. How was I to face my boyfriend David after what I had just done behind his back. He was a nice guy and deserved better than this. I walked back in the room and Buck was sleeping. I gathered up all my clothes and sat on the corner of the bed and wrote him a note.

My feeling were so mixed up. I was hoping that in time I would be able to remember him as just a memory. If things were only different in my life. Another time, another place, I'll never know. I let this stranger take me. It was the greatest sexual feeling of my life. Maybe David could learn to love me like that. I didn't know. I just wanted to be loved and love in return.

I left quickly before Buck woke up. I was able to get to my car and leave before any of Bucks friends returned. I cried all the way to Kristy's place. I told her about my evening. She was my best friend. She tried to console me as I went to sleep.

The next morning I headed home. I would just treat it as a dream. I never found out his name and he never asked mine. I know I will never be the same. I'll probably never see him again but life goes on.

Things got back to normal the next day. David called to make sure me and my parents would be there Saturday. He sounded so happy on the phone. I liked him an awful lot but at this point I don't think I could call it love.

Saturday, I met David's parents. They were so friendly and nice just like David. My parents and Dave's parents hit it off and I could tell they could become close friends. We had dinner with them Saturday. Everybody laughed and we all had a good time. Last weekend was now a wonderful memory, a memory I never wanted to forget.

Dave pulled me aside a couple of times and wanted to make out. I just kissed him and said we need to take it slow. I really didn't want to have sex with him right now. I needed time and I told him so. He said he understood and would wait for me. He said he knew that it was a big thing giving my virginity to him. He would wait until I was ready again.

Sunday arrived and Dave was so happy that I would finally meet his big brother. I figured his brother probably had a lot of girlfriends and he just wanted to show off his. I tried to look my best for Dave. I knew it meant a lot to him. We arrived at the restaurant ahead of Dave and his family. I took a minute to freshen up. I came back from the restroom and Dave greeted me. He kissed me lightly on the cheek and with a big grin he said, "Veronica, I want you to meet my best friend, my big brother Jake.

I turned around with a big smile and was ready to say hello when I found myself staring into the eyes of Buck. My mouth flew open and I was frozen in time. Buck or rather Jake came over and saved me again. He told me how beautiful I was and how lucky David was to have such a beautiful girlfriend. He gave me the time to regain my composure. Hopefully no one else noticed. Then Jake headed off to the men's room.

Later Jake came back and there were normal conversations going on. David was smiling and leading most of them. I just answered when spoken to. I think everyone wrote it off as me just being shy but inside my body I was in turmoil.

I wanted to talk to Jake in the worst way but just wasn't able to do it. God, where was my life going? 

Jake got up and said he had to get back to campus and said his goodbyes to everyone. He did whisper in my ear when he kissed me on the cheek good bye. He just said, "I'll call you, we need to talk." and then he left.

I felt a little more comfortable after Jake left but I have to say in all honesty that I was already missing him. All I know now is that David loves me, at least that's what he is saying. I have strong feelings for David but I don't know if it's love. Then there's Jake, the man I believe I really love but am afraid to admit it. The sex with him was pure love for me. I know he really liked it too but not sure what his deep feelings were for me.

Time will just have to settle all this for me. 

___________________________ 

Chapter 3

I was back at college and getting back to my daily routine. I finally found out that my Alice was my brother's girlfriend Veronica. In one sense it was nice to find her and know more about her. The bad side is what do I do about it if anything? If she was anyone else's girlfriend other than Dave's, I would go after her in a second. That's why I think I really care for her. The strong feeling I have and the sex with her was more of a loving nature. I don't ever remembering feeling lonely after a girl left me. She was definitely someone special in my life.

I needed a few days before talking to her. I waited about four days and then called her at work. She answered the phone and I said, "Veronica, this is Jake and we need to talk. Are you free to talk now or do you want me to call back later?"

I heard her voice tremble when she talked, "God, Jake, how are you? I don't think I could handle talking to you here at work. Could you please call me at my home tonight, say around 8:00pm?"

I told her I was totally confused about her leaving the way she did and I was both happy and sad to see her last Sunday. My voice was cracking a little when I told her I would call her that evening.

It was now 8:00pm and I called her house. She answered the phone on the first ring. She asked me who should talk first. I told her I better because she might not like what I was going to say.

"Okay," she said, "Go ahead, Jake."

"First of all I missed you when you left. No one knew who you were and I was frantic trying to find you. I want you to know that the love we made was for real. I have never felt that close emotionally to any woman before. I'm torn up inside knowing I will never have you again. You see, I think I was falling in love with you. If your boyfriend was anyone else other than David I would walk through Hell to get to you. I can't hurt my brother. I love him too much. I will leave the two of you alone to see what the future holds. I wish both of you the best in the future. You will always have a special place in my heart."

"Jake, please don't hate me. I know what I did was wrong but I wanted to be loved by you so much. It was the greatest feelings I have had in my young life. I just wished things were different and I might have met you first but I didn't. I can't change history. The last thing I would want to do is come between you and your brother. I couldn't live with that. You are the nicest and closest family I've ever met and I care for all of you. My feelings for David right now are strong. I don't believe it's love. I guess time will tell. Jake, you will forever be in my heart. I know most girls think about the man that took their virginity but my thoughts will be about the one night I spent with you."

I had tears in my eyes when I told her that I could never hate her. If anything my feelings for her were stronger than ever. She was so much more then a sex object to me. She was my lover and my friend. We said our goodbyes and I could tell she was crying when we hung up.

But life goes on. I will hold her as a great memory and try and go forward. I didn't go home for over a month. I didn't want to run into her. I did call home each week and got the latest updates. 

David said their relationship cooled off a little. He thought he still loved her but she wasn't putting out to him since the first time. He said she would kiss him and let him feel hers tits but that was about it. He was a little aggravated about it. I mentioned to him that maybe he was trying too hard. Try and just enjoy the relationship. If it's love, let it take it's course.
