 The wind rustled through the trees and creatures scurried about in the darkness. Night was upon them. The faint glow from the dying campfire cast shadows against the walls of their tents. She was having a hard time getting to sleep. She could hear soft, muttering words coming from the tent next to hers. She could just imagine what was going on in there. As if to clear her mind of those thoughts, she shook her head and burrowed deeper into her sleeping bag. She knew that she should have never come, that this weekend would have turned into "them" instead of "her and me". And what made it worse was at the last minute, her date had cancelled. Something about work and not being able to get decent airfare. That made her stomach turn violently. It was just unfair. Those sounds should be coming from her tent as well. Her soft moans being unleashed, her sleeping bag moving around underneath her. Unfair. She drew the sleeping bag up, over her ears and closed her eyes. Within minutes she was asleep.

* **

She was struggling in her dream, against hands that were holding her down. Opening her mouth to scream, she turned over and woke to find a hand over her mouth. Not being able to breathe, she opened her eyes and stared into darkness. Without thinking, she bit. Hard. She heard a muffled curse and then the hand was jerked away from her. She sat up quickly and tried to get out of the sleeping bag. Hearing movement beside her, she tried getting the sleeping bag off her but wasn't quick enough. It tangled at her feet and kept her from fleeing. The hand came back and fastened itself at her side. Another hand came out and grabbed her other side. Before she knew it, she was sitting in the person's lap. She smelled him. Inhaled his scent. It was him. How in the world had he gotten here? How did he know where she was? In the instant that she recognized him, his lips crushed against hers and all her thought was lost. 

The flight or flight response was still left in her system and left her breathless. She kissed him back, full force, her tongue curving and writhing against his. His heart was slamming against his rib cage as he plunged his hand into her hair and pulled her head back. His mouth left hers. Then she felt his tongue on her neck. Tracing up and down, over the curve of her jaw. Around and up to her ear. He grabbed her earlobe with his teeth and tugged. On a sharp intake of breath, she put her hands up on his chest and tried to push away. He was stronger and held her in place. She had so many questions, that she wanted to ask, racing through her mind. But his lips were back wrecking their usual torment on her mouth. His tongue swiped hers and she swiped back. She lashed out with her teeth, biting his bottom lip and then soothing the brand with her tongue. She heard the groan emanating from the back of his throat. 

His hand left its comfortable nest in her hair and traveled down her side. It came back up to cup her breast through her nightclothes. She wasn't wearing much. The sleeping bag had been very warm. Shorts and a tee shirt hugged her every curve. His thumb traveled over her nipple sending shivers into her very core. She could feel the soft humming start deep inside her somewhere. His hands went down to the hem of her shirt and pulled it roughly over her head. His hand found her, bare this time. He brushed over her nipple again, but firmer this time. Then he caught it between thumb and forefinger and rolled it between them. Tugged on it. Drew it to a sharp peak. And then he caught it with his teeth and laved it with his tongue. He could hear her gasps for air, the soft purring sound coming from her throat. He swept over it again and had her arching against him. Her hands came up to grasp at his hair, pulling his head closer to her breast. He took the entire nipple into his mouth and sucked. His mind was reeling, full with her scent and of her passion. 

His free hand found her other breast and clamped down around it. Teasing that nipple to tautness he munched on the one he had in his mouth. She was rocking softly against him. Her hips grinding into him. She could feel his hardness against her and ground down again. Suddenly, she was laying down, on the sleeping bag, her shorts being ripped from her. She still couldn't see him, the dark was a cloak around them. But she could feel him. His hot breath against her thigh. His tongue licking the creamy white skin on the inside of her leg. And then, she was arching up, into his mouth. His tongue lashed out at her clit and she stifled a scream. He was devouring her. His tongue couldn't reach far enough into her, couldn't lick her clit hard enough. His lips created pressure around her, drawing her soft folds into him. His hands dug into her hips and raised her higher, against his mouth. He brought her legs up to rest on his shoulders. She dug her heels into his back and hung on. 

With his hands free, he used them to his advantage. With one, he used his fingers to spread her lips open until her clit was uncovered. He licked slowly and lazily over it. She bucked slightly against his mouth. Her breath was coming raggedly now. He knew she was close. He licked over her again. Then, with his other hand, he plunged two fingers deep inside her. She was so hot and wet. His mind was spinning again. The tightness in his jeans threatened to explode. He was rock hard for her, had been since he'd gotten on the plane. He was aching and wanted to embed himself in her softness. She thrashed against him, making his fingers come out of her. He swore silently and reached up to firmly plant them inside her again. But something made him change his mind. He continued to lick over her clit slowly. He suckled it as he had with her nipple. He traced, with his fingers, her swollen outer lips and then swabbed them over her core. 

Her sweet nectar was flowing out of her at this point. He used his fingers to collect it. After he was satisfied with the amount of lubrication he had from her, he softly traced lower. Down to her tight, brown ass hole. He wiped his two fingers over her, depositing her wetness. She sucked in a breath and held it. He felt her whole body go rigid. He stopped what he was doing and concentrated on her clit. He sucked it gently and then rubbed over it with his tongue. He licked over it and then down to her hole. He thrust his tongue inside her and struggled to lick the very intimate, inside part of her. His fingers took their place at the opening of her back door. He brought his tongue back out and dragged it up to her clit. He took it in his mouth and waited. When he heard her starting to breathe again, he thrust his fingers inside her. His mouth clamped down around her clit. In that simultaneous moment where fingers were inside her ass and her clit was being sucked on by his mouth, she came. And not quietly. 

A scream ripped through her lungs and escaped her lips. She was clutching at him with her heels and her lower body was spasming. Her clit was actually throbbing in his mouth. He was filled with utter satisfaction. She was slamming herself against him, her cum attaching itself to his chin, her taste was sweet and musky. Her ass hole was clenching around his fingers. She was thrusting against them, trying to get them farther into her. Another sound came from her then, a deep growling moan that stayed just on her lips. Not even a second later, she was dislodging her legs from his shoulders and squatting beside him. Her hands came out to rip at his jeans. He stood up so she could get them off. They fell to the sleeping bag. As he looked down, he felt his underwear being pulled off as well. Then, there was only sensation. A hot, wet, slippery sensation that could have only been her mouth. She was sucking on him desperately. Her hands cupped around his balls and pulled softly. He could hear her soft sucking sounds and it was making him crazy. 

She was taking him fully into her mouth. The tip of his cock was hitting the back of her throat. He could feel her working the back of her throat to accommodate him. One hand slid around to his ass and traced the outline of his crack. He threw his head back and groaned. She was sucking hard now, up and down. The tip of his cock enveloped inside sweet, velvety lips. And then, he was fully ensconced inside her molten mouth. Again and again, he pumped inside her mouth. She licked and sucked until he couldn't take it. Before she had the chance of drinking his orgasm, he wrenched away from her. In one solid movement, he was down on the sleeping bag and pulling her with him. Getting her on her back, he pulled her legs up. She bent them at the knees and drew them up closer to her sides. He pushed at her knees, so that she would spread fully for him. He was not completely over her before he took her, harshly. The force of his cock slamming into her took her by surprise. Sucking in a breath, she found his hips with her hands. 

She urged him on, to slowly and thoroughly fuck her. He drew out completely and then thrust back inside her. He continued this for a few moments and then changed his rhythm. He left the tip just inside her and then slammed against her. She could her their skin meeting everytime he plunged into her. She could also feel his balls slapping her ass hole. Her nails dug into his skin at his hips. He kept that pace up for awhile. She let go of his hip and struggled to find her hot, wet swollen button. Her fingers found it and started to rub over it while he kept on his ravishing path. 

He picked up the pace and changed his motive. He didn't withdraw all the way now, just half way and slammed himself into her. Her fingers moved more frantically over her clit. Her other hand was still making his skin on his hip its home. She could hear his soft groans coming quicker now. She felt the release building up inside her again. He was going to come inside her. He plunged and thrust into her, faster and faster. She was lifting her hips to meet his brutal assault. His breath was catching. She flicked her fingers over her clit once, twice and was thrown headlong into her climax. He followed her, penetrating her hard and exploding into her. He gave a brief shout and rode the wave. She could feel him emptying into her. Her breath matched his in short, quick gasps. He felt her muscles contracting around his cock, milking him for every last drop. He dropped his head on her shoulder and shuddered.

***

Sometime later, she rested her head on his shoulder. She was finally sleepy. He held her firmly at his side. Blanketed by their sleeping bags, they fell asleep together, in the tent, under the stars.