 My girlfriend Liz and her friend Kate decided that we should go camping. This would involve Kate's boyfriend Mike and myself. There was an area deep in a forest where a waterfall was located. We would drive there and hike the ten miles in order to get the the falls. I did like the idea of being along with Kate. I always had the hots for her. I don't know if she knew or cared.

We ended up driving to this forest area one Friday. We took along all our camping gear as we were planning on being there the whole weekend. Of course the guys carried all the heavy stuff and the women had only day packs to worry about. Mike and I huffed and puffed our way the ten miles. When we got there I damn near collapsed. The one saving grace was the waterfall. It was everything we had read about. The falls must have been a hundred feet tall until it fell into a crystal clear pond.

We offloaded our gear and decided to take a swim. We were the only ones in the area. We didn't see a single soul on our hike. To my surprise the girls began to shed all their clothes. I guess we were going to skinny dip. Mike looked at me and we stripped down as well. My eyes were focused on Kate. She was a runner who kept herself in shape.

Kate was a tall, thin woman with long brown hair. My eyes went to her tits. They were pear shaped and her pussy was shaved way down. She was the opposite of my Liz. Liz was sort of short and blonde. She was shapely with a big rack. We all dove into the pool and I swam a few laps. I dove under the water and I ended up seeing Kate swimming towards me. We were both under the water for a few moments.

I don't know what came over me, but I reached out and cupping Kate's breasts. It only happened for a few seconds before we both had to come to the surface. I thought Kate might reach over and slap me, but she didn't. She had a big smile on her face. We ended up spending a half hour or so in the water. We eventually got out and got dressed once more.

Mike and I set up the tents and the women got some food prepared for us to eat. It was actually quiet as we ate our supper that night. I had a lot on my mind just then. I was wondering about what it would be like to have Kate in bed with me. It didn't look like anything like that would be happening out here on the trail. Night finally came and everyone but me got into their sleeping bags. I decided to stay up and look at the stars for awhile.

It was so dark back there in the forest. There was no ambient city light to make the sky lighter than normal. As I looked up I could clearly see the Milky Way. It made me feel good to be alive just then. As I was staring up at the sky I heard someone approach. It was Kate. She motioned for me to follow her. We went off so no one could see us. Kate brought a finger up to her mouth, telling me to be quiet.

Kate knelt down and began to tug on my shorts. That was all I had on at the moment. I was bare chested. She managed to pull my shorts to the ground and then she reached out and took hold of my dick. My eyes must have went wide. Kate brought my cock to her mouth and began to suck on my rod. Fuck did that feel good. Kate was licking all over the crown of my cock and then taking me down her throat. My girlfriend Liz didn't like to suck much. God forbid if you asked her to swallow.

Kate used her other hand and was now massaging my sacs. I was hard as a tree branch by this time. I took my hand and I placed it on the back of Kate's head. I was pumping my erect member deep down her throat. Kate really seemed to be into sucking me. I guess all that sucking and squeezing finally got to me. My balls were pinching and I knew I was close. A few more slurps of Kate's mouth and I erupted.

I hope I hadn't moaned too loudly. Kate went right down to the root and she took all of my cum down. I love it when women swallow. Kate kept bobbing up and down and I must have shot four or five good blasts of my hot seed down to her belly. I was half shaking as Kate finally pulled off of my cock. When she stood she licked her lips to get all my cum off her face. Kate stood up and kissed me on the lips with her cum stained mouth. 

I just stood there as she walked back to her sleeping bag. I finally pulled my shorts back on and went back to the camp. Needless to say my mind wasn't on hiking, swimming or camping the rest of our time there. That was all that happened out there in the woods. Sunday finally came and we walked back to our cars and drove home. Not before Kate slipped me a piece of paper with her phone number on it. 

"Tom, call me please," she said when we were by ourselves back in the woods.

It was a quiet drive back between Liz and myself. Actually, Liz was chirping like a bird the whole time while I kept my mouth shut. I had a lot to think about just then. I drove back to Liz's place and dropped her off. She wanted me to come in, but I said I was tired and wanted to go home. When I got back to my place I pulled that paper out and looked at the phone number. I knew if I called everything in out relationships would be about to change.

Later that night I just had to call. I rang the number and Kate answered.

"It's me, Tom," I said.

"I was hoping you might call tonight."

She asked me if I could stop over or was I too tired. I told her I could be there in a few minutes. I drove over to Kate's apartment and she let me in. Her arms went around my neck and we shared a passionate kiss.

"I have been thinking about you the whole weekend," she said.

Needless to say my mind was in the same place. We didn't waste any time. We went back to the bedroom and we stripped off our clothes. I got a really good look at Kate's body. I could see muscle definition and her tits looked like small ripe melons. I just had to taste them. Kate got onto her back and I got on top of her. My mouth went right to her nipples and I sucked on both of them with my mouth.

"Oh fuck!" Kate almost screamed as I tasted her buds. I was lapping and kissing all over her pouting tits. I made each nipple rock hard before I moved down to her mound. I pushed her legs apart and used my tongue to slide up and down her hot crevice. Kate put her hands on my head and urged me to taste her. I did just that. My tongue was sliding up and down her opening and I managed to push my tongue inside. It was like a hot oven down there.

I had to pull away finally. I got up on my knees and took hold of my hard cock. I wedge my mushroom between her folds and I pushed into Kate. Did she ever let out a scream as I entered her tight pussy. Yes, she was so tight down there. It was if she hadn't had sex in a long time. I had to work my dick into her. When I was finally buried the whole way, I just held my dick in place. 

I have a trick where I just flex my cock muscles. This always made Liz go crazy. I did the same thing with Kate and got the same results. She was going crazy from me contracting and expanding my dick inside her. It must have really gotten to Kate because the next thing I knew Kate was gushing all over my hard prick.

I had never had a woman squirt on my cock like that. I must have pushed a button and Kate let go. I started to work my dick in and out of her tight tunnel. Kate strapped her long legs around my back and held on for dear life. Man, did I fuck her hard from there on. I was bottoming out with my dick. I knew I had to make Kate my woman from there on in. We fucked like teens in heat. Kate's pussy had me in a death grip, that much was for sure.

I ended up pounding Kate's pussy and she squirted a couple more times. All that hot juice hitting my cock must have made me lose control. I finally shot my steamy cum into her belly. When Kate felt me let loose, she lost it as well. We both had one tremendous orgasm together that night. I didn't stop fucking her until my cock felt totally spent. I did pull out and watch as my seed dripped out of Kate's pussy.

We ended up kissing some more and then Kate weakly stood up and went to the bathroom. When she came back we talked briefly. Kate said she always had a thing for me. She was jealous that Liz had gotten to me first. She decided to act on her feelings when we were camping. She got so turned on as she sucked me off as our partners were fast asleep. Everything changed that evening for Kate and me.

Kate asked me if I could go again. I wasn't really sure, but I had to try. Kate took me in her mouth again and made me hard. I was surprised how easily she got my cock to become erect so quickly. Once I was hard Kate mounted me. She was directly over top when I reached for her hips and pushed her down onto my pole. It was so much easier this time. My cum was still inside her and helping to lubricate my fuck strokes.

Kate was slamming down onto me as I brought my ass up to feed her my dick. I reached up and cupped those beautiful tits. Kate did love it when you played with her nipples. She later told me she had small orgasms as I fondled each one. We went much longer this time around. I was a little surprised when I flooded Kate once more with my love cream. I raised up and shot a fountain of my sticky cum into her pussy. Kate ended up milking me dry with her muscles.

I was pretty much spent after I had taken Kate a second time. We ended up falling asleep together that night. I had to get up early and sneak out of her apartment so no one would know we had been together in bed. The next part wasn't so fun. Kate and I wanted to be with each other. I didn't like the idea of stealing in and out of our apartments so we could have sex. Kate and I both broke up with Mike and Liz. I think both of them suspected something was up. We had to lay low for awhile until we had a plan to be with each other.

Kate and I did finally get a place away from prying eyes. I can now enjoy fucking Kate whenever I want. I think Kate has a larger sex drive than me. She constantly needs love every night. Hell, she even has me out jogging with her. I guess that should help build up my stamina to be in bed with Kate.