 It was late when the kids and I got back to the campsite. The fireworks show in DC were amazing and worth the trip and even the crush through the throng of people to get on the subway. But I was glad to get back. I had a date!

Lover boy and I texted off and on throughout the evening. I knew he was already at the campsite waiting for me. He told me the site number. We had to drive by it to get to ours - I saw he had lights on and the tent flap open and waiting. My heart started beating a little faster, but I had to get the kids to sleep and take a shower!

Kids went to sleep 20 minutes later. 20 excruciatingly long minutes!! I was eager to meet my lover. I gathered my toiletries and clean clothes and headed to the bath house. There was a line for the shower. Ugh!!

30 minutes later I was ready. FINALLY! But I wasn't sure exactly where his tent was without walking the road. I knew he was behind one of the shower buildings, but didn't know which one, and I didn't want to walk through campsites. So I took the long way. He kept texting me during my walk and being impatient, but I decided it was fitting paybacks for making me wait an extra day to see me. 

I was wet as soon as I saw his tent when we originally drove by, and the anticipation over the last hour was driving me crazy! Walking down the dark road had my thoughts swirling. There it is - I see his truck, but notice a red flashing S.O.S. Lantern and I burst out laughing!

I said, "Is there an emergency?" 

He responded, "yes - I need you." We kissed for a long time outside the tent. I told him I was impatient and needed him. Now.

He crawled in the tent, sat down on the air mattress and told me to take off my shorts. I did. Outside. I wasn't wearing panties. He knows I don't sleep in them. Then I crawled into the tent. On my knees in front of him, I raised my arms - I looked him straight in the eyes as he lifted the tank top over my head, kissed me, and pulled me on top of him as he laid down.

We kissed for a long time before I told him he had on too many clothes. He removed his shirt and kissed me some more. I had to beg him to remove his shorts. But the infuriating man made me wait. Instead he gave me a slightly sweet and slightly evil smile as he took a drink from the cooler and poured it into a plastic champagne glass. I humored him - toasted to secret tent love affairs took a drink and then took his drink away from him. Then I pushed him down and undid his belt.

He took over and started taking off his shorts. Just his shorts. He was going to prolong this. If I had to beg for his underwear, I was going to go crazy. I'm getting slightly frustrated until I saw his underwear. And then I laughed! He was wearing a pair of boxer briefs I mailed him for his birthday. It had my face all over them with red kissy lips 💋. (I wanted my face on his cook for his birthday!!)

Finally though, he was naked and I could feel all of him on me. We kissed some more - he rolled me over to my back. His hands went down to nudge my legs apart. His fingers found my folds were already slick with wetness.

He played gently around the folds, exploring the outside and teasing my clit occasionally. It seemed like forever before his fingers finally entered me. Oh god it felt great! He altered between fingering me and playing with my clit until he finally brought me to an orgasm. He continued playing until O #2.

"Please. Please fuck me," I begged. He finally relented and got on top of me. He likes to look in my eyes when he first enters me. I gasp when he enters. I always do. And it always makes him smile ever so slightly.

We haven't seen each other in over 2 months. This is the longest stretch of time since we started this. We were both horny as fuck. He tries to go slow. Be he can't. I wrap my legs around his waist and pull him in deep.

I won't let him go slow. I need him. I need to feel him move in and out of me. My nails dig in to his back. He kisses me again. The kisses and thrusts both speed up. He needs me as much as I need him at that moment.

I realize I'm making noises - too loudly - when I hear a car door shut and someone coughing nearby outside. I stop and giggle. I can't help it. He warned me before during texts that I get a little noisy. I told him I would remember to be quiet - I do at home all the time when the kids are in the house. Well, I was so into it, I forgot I was in a tent. He knows me well.

The giggles quickly stop when he starts moving inside me again. His gaze is intense. I bite my bottom lip and try so hard to be quiet. He kisses me again. I'm quieter - I think. Honestly, he felt so good, I didn't think. 

It isn't too much longer before I hear his breathing increase. I know what happens next. I listen for the soft little grunts he makes. I LOVE that sound!!

I smile as he stops and rolls me over to where I am laying on his chest as he catches his breath. His cum running down my thighs. After he catches his breath, he kisses me. He moves down my chest, spending a lot of time on my breasts.

He eventually moves down and licks me between my legs. He licks and plays and sucks until I cum. Then he kisses me. I love the way our combined juices taste on his tongue.

I'm exhausted. We set the alarms on our phones. And I lay beside him. My head on his chest, one arm and one leg draped over him, with one of his arms around me and the other moving gently over my skin - like he's trying to memorize what I feel like.

I drift off to sleep for a little less than an hour. We have one more hour before I have to get back to my tent. I can't sleep. I need him one more time. So I kiss him awake.

I start at his ear, down his neck...lick his nipples, and kiss and lick my way down to his cock. He's ready for me by then!! I lick and suck until he's so hard! I make sure his balls are included in the fun too.

I suck and play until he commands I come back up to him. He kisses me and gets on top. He fucks me again and plays until I'm so satisfied and exhausted I can't move or keep my eyes open. I doze for just a few minutes until the alarm goes off.