 The following is a true story.

Erika was my first real girlfriend. She's year older than me, but I never thought about it that way. To me, she always felt younger. We were the same in almost too many ways. We loved the same movies. We laughed at the same jokes. The final nail in the coffin was that we happened to have the same name. People would always make comments about how adorably similar our names were and I must say, I did enjoy the attention.

I met Erika three days after my eighteenth birthday on the first day of my senior year in high school. She sat down right next to me and I almost lost consciousness. I've always found women with a darker complexion more appealing than the white bimbos that filled my school. I got to know Erika by first guessing her ethnicity. I found out that she was mainly Puerto Rican with a little Arab somewhere in the mix. She was (and remains to this day) a beautiful girl. Her dark brown hair was about shoulder length and I always had to resist the urge to play with it. Like two scoops of the creamiest chocolate ice cream, her breasts would barely fill a C cup. I didn't care. I loved the fact that they would fit in my hands like a glove. I don't know her exact measurements and I prefer to keep it that way. I can't stand men who try to memorize the measurements of their women. Math should never be a factor when it comes to appreciating those sensuous curves.

The greatest feature that she possesses is the most glorious ass that I've ever seen on a female. She has a traditional Latin booty, but it fits her so damn well. And although short, her perpetually tan legs run all the way up to her body to meet at the greatest crevice on earth.

While wearing a short denim skirt, she is quite seriously, the sexiest woman I've ever seen. There would be days when we'd come home after school and she would head upstairs to put her books away. When she came back down, she'd be wearing that same skirt that I loved so very, very much except without the panty barricade. She'd lie down on the couch next to me and I'd run my hands up the inside of one thigh until my finger disappeared inside her pussy.

We had our simple fun until the culmination on prom night. It might sound corny, but after prom we went back to her house and made love. Never has a cliché ever felt so good.

Since that night, we took every open opportunity to have sex. They didn't come often because of her fundamentalist parents. The times in between our sexual romps were unbearable. I found myself disappearing constantly in day dreams about her rounded butt.

It was one weekend in July that I had a camping trip planned out. At first, it wasn't meant to be a weekend full of sex, but after my dad dropped out of the picture, I took it upon myself to finish setting up the weekend with increased enthusiasm. I packed the van and blatantly lied to her parents about my father coming with us. I didn't care. My father said he could cover for us, although I knew that the idea made him very uncomfortable. I wasn't about to lose such a great opportunity.

It was a two hour drive to the campground and all I could think about was different ways of pleasing my love inside of our double sleep bag. I wanted the neighboring campsites to hear our cries of pleasure at night.

Luckily for us, Erika had gotten birth control pills the month earlier. Everything was going my way for once. Every time we had sex before the added contraception came into the picture had added guilt and worry to our first few great times together. I hated the idea of having pregnancy take away what was supposed to be the most amazing time of my life.

When we got to our camp site, we set up our tent, but didn't bother with any other equipment. I set up my cooking grate over the open fire and threw a few burgers on it for dinner. The sizzle made my mouth water, but in all honesty I couldn't tell if it was the burgers, or the thought of Erika's pussy that made me feel so hungry. No doubt it was a mixture of the two. Don't get me wrong, I am very sexual, but nothing can beat a delicious burger. We ate and continued to lounge by the fire. She snuggled up against me on my fold out chair laid her head on my chest. We lounged in front of the open fire until the sun went down, reminiscing about our amazing prom night. Every time she took a breath, I felt her breasts press against me through her tank top. Their softness reminded me of the warm skin that would be next to my naked body all night long. I imagined the heat from her as being even hotter than the fire that was starting to hurt my feet. I moved them and she stirred.

"Did you fall asleep?" I asked. She looked up at me with tired eyes and I knew she didn't have to answer the question. She opened her full lips to say something, but I interrupted.

"C'mon, it's getting late, let's go to bed," I half-ordered her, holding back my excitement. I was doing all I could to keep from tearing Erika's clothes off.

We entered the tent to get our bed time gear. We both brushed and she took off her make-up. I always hated the fact that she wore make-up. It was completely unnecessary for her. I constantly called her a gorgeous girl, but she one who did not understand what an honest compliment was.

I had zipped two sleeping bags to form a double. I slid in my side of the giant sleeping bag and set the lantern in the corner facing away so it wouldn't blind us as we settled in. It was then that I watched her take off her tank top. Her breasts swung free off their cotton constraint and I drank in the image through dim light. She slid off her shorts and panties in one fluid motion causing me to get a little choked up. That inspired me to kick off my boxers under the sleeping bag. I always slept in the nude, but I wasn't sure how she slept until that moment. We had never had the pleasure of sharing a bed together. She got in facing me and propped her head up on her elbow.

"I'm glad I was able to come with you this weekend. You look forward to this every year and I just didn't want my parent's to ruin it for you. I didn't have the heart to follow their rules this time. It was very nice of your dad to cover for us."

"I'm just happy you were able to come along. There's nothing I'd rather do more than fall asleep next to you. I hated it when we napped together after school and I had to make sure I didn't fully pass out so your mom wouldn't come home and see us with limbs all intertwined."

She tilted her head toward me and laughed.

I learned a lot about body language for my graduation project. If a woman every exposes her neck to you, even for an instant, it means that she is exposing the most sensitive part of her body and therefore wants you. Naturally, I took her playful laughter as a sign to begin my exploration of her body. My lips shot out in search of hers. I tasted those luscious lips as I always had. They were wet and welcoming. I brought my hand up to her neck and pulled her closer to me.

Erika happened to be one of those girls who got extremely horny when any attention at all was given to her neck. I kissed lightly on her neck right under her ear where her hair began. She let out a gasp that told me I had hit my mark. My tongue traced familiar circles on her neck and my cock jumped every time she'd let out a moan or gasp of pleasure.

My hand found its way to those delicious nipples that grew hard under my palm. I pushed the covers of our sleeping bag down a few inches so that I could wrap my lips around her nipple. I flicked my tongue across it and felt her squirm under my hands. I sucked her tit into my mouth and her back rose up off the ground in a guttural moan while holding my head to her chest.

I continued my assault on her chest while my hand ran up and down her beautiful thighs. I felt the goose bumps on her skin rise as my hand cupped her supple ass. I kneaded it like dough while I kissed my way back up to her neck and awaiting lips.

With a hand firmly on my cock, she began to jerk me off under the covers while out wet, loving kisses continued. The head of my cock could barely handle her cool hands and I shuddered. My hand fell from its place on her ass to between her thighs, where she lifted one leg up to accommodate my exploring hand.

With the tip of my finger, I ran it up and down her slit, soaking it with her juices. The contact with her wet pussy caused her to nibble on my ear a little, furthering my cock to consistency of rod of titanium. Her tongue snaked expertly around my earlobe bringing me to such a level of arousal I had never known possible. With two fingers pumping in and out of her cunt, it was at this point that I whispered into her ear.

"Turn around."

She stopped her licking and looked at me for a brief moment. In that moment she smiled and knew what I wanted her to do. Sliding the covers all the way off of us, she rotated her body in order to settle herself into my all time favorite position, the 69.

I loved tasting her pussy. I derived no greater joy that sliding my tongue up and down her wetness. It also happened that she was a champion cock sucker. Like a lollipop she would nurse my cock until it gave her the gooey surprise that she desired. She used to giggle like a school girl every time she completed a successful hand job. It made her so happy to see my cum spurt all over her chest and onto her hands. She'd always perform a great cleaning service as well. I would never leave with a messy cock.

As we settled into our beloved 69, the first thing I felt were her luscious lips wrap themselves around my cock. I almost blew the biggest load of my life directly down her throat while we were trying to settle into the new position. Trying my hardest to practice some self control, I stared at her gorgeous cunt for a moment and then dove right in. My tongue fucked her while she bobbed her head up and down on my shaft. I could feel her warm saliva trickling down my balls.

I got so into it that I decided to go for a spot that I had only previously explored by accident. I tilted my head up a tad and began tracing circles around her tight asshole. She did nothing but gasp every time I flicked over her hole. I slowly slid my tongue in her ass as far as I could go. She let out the most erotic moan I have ever heard. She practically willed my tongue to its destination with her voice alone. Her attention on my cock was lost fully as I continued to lube up her asshole with my saliva. I slid a finger in up to the second knuckle while I let my tongue make its way back up her cunt and onto her clit. My saliva intermingled with her juices to create one intoxicating soup. I found myself enjoying it more than I ever had. Time was non existent. That was until I started to recognize the old familiar feeling welling up from deep inside me. I started bucking into her face, trying to drive my cock all the way into her throat. Her mouth felt so damn good.

By this time, I was beyond the point of no return. I thought about stopping her, but now I knew I was going to cum no matter what. On the last thrust, I held my hips high in the air where they belonged as I shot load after load of my cream straight down her throat. I heard her cough just a bit as she tried her damndest to swallow it all. I could tell that she was performing her cleaning services on me, because I felt her tongue run up and down my balls. In seconds my cock was coated with her saliva and not a drop of cum could be found.

She turned back around to climb under the covers with me again. I felt her shiver so I pulled her warm body closer to mine. I slid my leg in between hers and brought my knee to her pussy where it would be most appreciated. She started grinding her pelvis into my leg as we began to kiss passionately once more.

Every few seconds or so, I would push my knee up into her vagina and against her clit, which would cause her to grunt. With every grunt I felt her nails dig further into my back. My lips found there way back to her neck and soon I thought she was going to tear the skin right off of me.

To avoid further injury to myself, I rolled on top of her and got between those smooth vice grips she calls legs. We made out some more and within minutes I was rock hard again. She was reeling after all the attention from my now extremely moist knee and I didn't waste any time pointing my cock at her soaking wet entrance.

My cock slipped into her pussy and I don't think it has ever been so hot. Her cunt felt like it was made of lava and I enjoyed ever second of it. We lay there and thrust into one another with expert coordination. My cock felt the walls of her velvety smooth pussy like never before. She responded with the most erotic grunts and groans that human ears would ever experience. I would have exploded by now from the sound of her voice alone if I had not already come once tonight already.

Eventually she cried out in pleasure. I felt her gasp and then release her breath in a sexy moan. I knew that it was likely her nails had broken skin this time around, but I didn't care.

"Oh shit! Eric! Fuck me, I'm cumming!!!" she cried in a breathy voice.

Her vagina contracted itself around my cock as I was still pumping in and out. The sudden tightness sent me over the edge and I unloaded what felt like gallon after gallon of my white jizz deep into her belly. My face flushed and the pleasure center of my brain let me know I had just received my reward.

Lying on top of her with my softening penis still inside, I delicately kissed her lips and she giggled. I rolled onto my side of the sleeping bag again and pulled her to me for the last time. I had no energy to even lay on my side after such an experience, so she snuggled closer to me and fell asleep with her head on my chest. I continued to run my hands up and down her back to encourage her peaceful slumber. Within minutes, I was out like a light as well and the only ambient sounds around us were chirping crickets and our own steady breathing.

We hardly said anything to each other the whole weekend apart from simple I love you's. With passion that great, there isn't much need for words. All you need are knowing glances that tell more than words ever could.