 I was eighteen when one of my friends and our girlfriends decided to sneak off for an overnight camping trip. The girls told their parents that they were having a sleepover with their girlfriends. We told our parents that we were going to go fishing for the day and would stay over night to get an early start at a favorite fishing hole. We loaded up Danny's car, stopped by the store for some hotdogs, drinks and S'more fixin's and headed for a little secluded swimming hole that we knew of in the foothills. In those days you could spend a whole week-end and not see another person. I loved the smell of the pines and the feeling of being embraced by the beauty of nature all around. Besides getting out of the city, as small as it was, was still a treat.

We had a great time swimming, playing and hiking, our hard, youthful bodies tanning in the warmth of the sun. Sitting around the campfire that evening we told jokes and cuddled each other against the cool night air, telling jokes and roasting marshmallows. When it came time to go to bed the four of us had to share one small tent, crowded but cozy. Somehow, I ended up in the middle between Marie and Danny's girlfriend, Deanna. After a bit of talk and laughter we turned out the lantern and drifted off to a peaceful sleep.

Several hours later I awoke with a raging hard on and feeling very amorous. I found myself spooning against the back of Deanna. I considered turning over and waking Marie for a little fun. Deanna felt warm against me and it made me hot to imagine sliding my hardness into her warm little pussy as I pressed against her backside. I often fantasized being with her and I was sure she felt the same from the numerous comments she would make. Deanna did have a rather loose reputation deserved or not I didn't really know. I wanted to have sex with her since the first time we met.

I caressed her ass and she wriggled closer to me. I thought, "Oh my god, she's awake or responding in her sleep. This might be fun."

Before I realized it my hand was on her breast and I was lightly circling her nipple through her tank top. Deanna had a sweet round ass, great firm tits and she was not bashful about showing them. I once accidentally saw her changing her top and she didn't turn away when she saw me looking. She was in my fantasies many nights after that. 

Her hand reached up to mine and pressed it against her soft breast. "All right, I thought, she is awake, this just might be the time." 

With a mind of their own, my hips started to rock ever so slowly, rubbing my hardness against her backside. She returned the favor by flexing her tight ass against me. Encouraged, I pressed my cock against the cleft of her ass cheeks and rubbed it up and down. My hand wandered under her loose shorts, finding her pussy lips already wet and slippery as she squeezed my fingers between her thighs. I felt her exposed clit harden under my touch. My fingers traced its shape over and over. Her breath was coming faster now. She reached behind her, closing her hand around my cock and pulling on it through my wet shorts in a most eager and delightful way. 

We labored to be as still and quiet as we could since, our partners slept just inches away from us. It was torture not being able to move or change positions, which only heighten the exhilaration of the moment, getting away with something taboo and maybe dangerous. We kept up our play until my shorts were becoming soaked with my juices. I couldn't stand it any longer so I helped her slipped her wet shorts down as far as we could and slipped my aching cock between her legs. I thought I was going to come right then, her thighs were squeezing my hard on. Deanna responded by pulling her knees up enough that my cock was now poised at her wet opening. Her hand finding my boner, she directed it to the final destination. After a few strokes up and down her wet lips, it slid in slowly and easily as she gave a muffled sigh. 

She was warm, wet and snug around my throbbing hard on as I began to cautiously and ever so slowly push into her. My hand alternated between caressing her breasts and pressuring her clit. It was all I could do to keep from coming, the sensation was so extreme. I am usually active and quite vocal in bed and this was total agony to remain still and mute. Every movement had to be deliberately slow and imperceptible to the two lying next to us. Several times one of our partners would stir and we were forced to stop and lie motionless, waiting until we were sure they were still asleep. All the while my cock would pulse and flex uncontrollably as she too squeezed me within her hot pussy. The awareness of what we were doing excited me beyond belief. Inside I was shaking from the thrill of fucking her, here between two sleeping people. If they awoke what would we say? What could we say?

I fingered her wet, slippery clit which was now a hard miniature penis protruding from between her lips. Deanna's hand would find my fingers and increase or decrease their pressure as my cock continued to slowly piston away inside her. Our breathing was short and shallow now and the blood rushed loudly in my ears. The exhilaration of fucking someone you've wanted for so long, as your partner slept just inches away, was incredibly exciting and intoxicating. 

Suddenly, Deanna's body tensed and she drew in a ragged breath through her teeth. I could feel her rhythmically clenching my cock as she flooded my crotch with more wetness from her climax. She made little squeaking sounds as she tried to choke back her cry of release. I continued to pump slow and easy as her muscles squeezed and pulled me to my own quiet, mind-numbing orgasm. My cum exploded out of me inside her. I could feel every muscle pumping and flexing throughout my groin as I came, which seemed to last for many minutes before subsiding.

Afterward, we quietly held our position together until we fell contentedly asleep again.

The next morning we got up as though nothing had taken place and took an early morning swim. Throughout the day we would catch each others eye and pass a quick knowing smile as we mentally replayed the events of the night before. Neither of our partners ever found out about that incredibly delicious experience shared one night in nature's Eden. Deanna and I never spoke of that night again, but our eyes relived the affair whenever they met.