 My life was in the crapper. I had been, only a year ago content and happy with the way that things were going. I had a good home, a beautiful wife, a step daughter that was a pleasure to be around. I had a nice company car and I was respected in my work place.

Then it all started to fall in on itself. The company I worked for went bust so I lost my job and car. I couldn't get another job and I started to get behind on the mortgage payments. Then I found out that my wife had been having an affair and she kicked me out of the house. So that was me, no job, no home, no family. I really hit rock bottom. I ended up for a short time living on the streets. If I had the spare cash I would of turned to drink.

I managed to get a job on minimum wage managing a store on a camp site selling bread, milk gas bottles, bar--b-que coals and that sort of thing to the people using the camp site. It was not the best of jobs but it came with accommodation which meant that I was off the street and I had a little cash in my pocket. I had thought to myself that I would do this for a short period and move on to something better.

The store was seasonal and could get quite busy during the summer and holidays. The owner had told me that I could hire extra help during these times but the rest of the time I would be able to run the place by myself. Boy was he right! Most of the time the place had it's regulars that stayed each weekend and had permanent pitches for their Rv's. There was the odd visitor and some passing trade but most of the time it was very quiet and I had plenty of time to myself. 

The customers I did get were all in the holiday frame of mind and all but a few were very happy and friendly. The men were usually getting ready to go fishing and hunting and stocked up on beer and bait, whilst they were off for the day I also got visits from the women and children. The children usually wanting sweets, drinks and ice-cream, the women wanting general supplies. A few were quite flirty with me and being the host to them as it were, I would respond in kind. Usually I got extra sales this way. But it was all in good humour and I never expected anything to go anywhere. I needed this job too much to jeopardize it in this way.

Things plodded along in this way for about six months until one quiet Wednesday afternoon a large mobile home pulled into the park. A couple came into the store and booked in to the site until the Sunday. They bought a replacement gas bottle which, as it was quiet I offered to deliver to them. They thanked me and returned to their RV and set off to their plot. After tidying up and locking the shop I collected the gas cylinder and headed down to their plot. When I arrived, I knocked on the door only to be answered by a young girl I assumed to be the daughter of the couple. She could not have been much more than eighteen. She had long straight blond hair that reached down to her butt. She was slim, verging on the skinny but with a figure that was all woman. Her breasts must have been around a 34C and hips to match. She wore cut off jeans shorts and a tight cut off sweat shirt that revealed the flattest stomachs that I think that I have ever seen. I stood there with my jaw on the floor.

She smiled at me with a coy, shy smile and said "Hello, you must be the guy from the shop? My parents said that you may be coming down with a gas cylinder."

I just stood there, struggling to get out a response. "Y-yes." was all that came out. She stepped out of the RV and headed around the side. As I watched her ass swaying when she walked she turned around and looked at me. 

"This way." She said.

I went to follow her then suddenly remembered the gas cylinder and went back a pace to pick it up and followed her. She led me to a compartment on the side of the RV and turned to face me. 

"I'm Cheryl by the way." she stuck out her hand for me to shake. 

"Danny," I managed to get out "and yes I am the guy from the shop."

I realised that I had already answered her previous question and felt myself starting to turn red. I was like a little boy. I took her hand; it was warm and so soft, she had a delicate touch. 

"Can you just leave the cylinder here?" she asked "My dad is very precious about his RV and doesn't like anyone else to do anything to it." 

"No problem." I said placing the cylinder on the ground next to the compartment "I can pick up the empty cylinder later." I added.

Cheryl responded with "My parents have just gone to check out the facilities and replenish the water. Would you like to come in for a drink and wait for them? They shouldn't be long."

Again with that smile. I was putty in her hands. "Yes, I'd love to." I said.

We headed back to the door, again I watched her as she led the way. This time I tried to take in the whole of her. Not only was her ass swaying as she walked but her whole body moved like a snake, lithe and as if her whole was a fluid motion. She was awe inspiring. And she knew it. She had a confidence that was beyond her years. She turned to me as she reached the door. She must have seen the way that I was watching her and I felt myself begin to turn red again. She opened the door to allow me to enter the RV. I stepped up into what I can only describe as a palace. The interior was finished in walnut and gold plated fittings. The whole place was mood lit with LED lights along the ceiling with under cabinet lighting in the kitchen area. The fixtures were all high quality with a large communal area as you entered. It was obvious that no expense had been spared on the interior. The fact that the exterior did not make obvious. 

"Wow." I said as I entered. 

Cheryl followed me in. 

"That's what most people say when they come inside." she said. "As I said, dad is very precious about his RV. Sit down." 

She said gesturing to one of the upholstered leather recliners that surrounded a large polished table. 

"What can I get you?"

She opened a cupboard which was lined with bottles of alcohol.

"Or a beer if you prefer?" 

"A beer would be good." I said.

She closed the drinks cabinet and opened a fridge below stocked with beer. 

"I hope you don't mind this brand?" she said "It's all that daddy drinks."

She opened a bottle and handed it to me, a German beer called Warstiener, one that I had seen before but never tried. I sipped at it from the bottle. It tasted okay. Cheryl sat down opposite me with a bottle of her own. I looked at her. 

"It's okay," she said "Daddy let's me drink it as long as I'm either inside or we're on our own." 

"I don't want you to be getting me into trouble with your father." I said. 

"Oh, don't worry about Daddy." she said "He's a little pussycat. He'll do anything for his little sweetie".

I felt a little uneasy as she played with the neck of the bottle of beer that no matter what she said her father would be very protective of this, his daughter. I know I would be if I was her father. Cheryl leaned forward placing the bottle down. She folded her arms placing her elbows on the table and drawing herself up on them. The effect was to force her breasts together which my eyes were drawn to. Suddenly I felt her foot running up the side of my leg.

"Tell me, what do people do around here for fun?" she said. 

There was no doubt in my mind what was happening here. I was torn. I had images going through my head of what I would love to do with this beautiful young girl who was coming on to me. Some, I am sure that I could be arrested for, but most ended up with me slamming my already hard dick into her on this very table with her legs wrapped around me both screaming yes.. yes.. yes.. as I drove my seed deep into her. The problem was that this image went on in my mind with her father opening the door and finding us, me being beaten to a pulp and my decapitated body being found in the woods several weeks later. 

I nearly choked on my beer. 

"Well there's not much to do up here if your not into fishing, hiking or hunting. Most people want to switch off from the stress of their lives, that's why they come here."

I realized that I was starting to babble like an idiot. 

"That's so boring, I just want to have some fun." she said looking straight into my eyes.

It felt that she was looking straight into my brain and could see the images there. But far from feeling embarrassed at being caught, I was now starting to feel that she was enjoying them with me. 

"I've got the internet and cable up at the shop."

I needed to get her away from her fathers space if anything was going to happen.

"Well that will do to start." she said "But I was thinking of something with a little more Excitement." she said as she pushed her breasts out towards me.

I could see that her nipples were hard and pushing their way through the cloth of her cut off sweat shirt. My dick throbbed and my heart pounded.

Just at that second the door of the camper opened. In an instant Cheryl grabbed the bottle from the table, leaned back and swiveled around on the chair to face the door. In walked Cheryl's parents.

Cheryl said "Hi Daddy, Mom. Did you find the water okay? Danny here brought the gas bottle you wanted. I was just giving him a beer for his trouble." 

Jack and Sarah I had met earlier in the shop. Jack walked up to Cheryl and kissed her on the cheek.

"Thanks sweetie." he said. He stuck out his hand to shake mine.

I half stood, realising that my hardon must still be obvious. I tried to hide it by staying under the table. 

"Thanks for bringing that down so quickly." Jack said as he shook my hand. 

"No problem." I said as I sat back down. 

Jack bent down and grabbed himself a beer from the fridge. Cheryl scooted over into the seat by the window and Jack sat down opposite me. Sarah grabbed a bottle of wine from a separate fridge and sat next to me opposite Cheryl. During this short time I was relieved to feel the my hardon slacken at an alarming rate. The image of my body in the woods was helping at this point.

We sat and talked for a little while. Every now and then I would glance at Cheryl. She would be looking at me. I was finding it hard to concentrate. After a while I thanked them for the beer and made my exit saying that I needed to get back to the shop as it was supposed to be open. As I walked back to the shop I was thinking over what had happened. Straight away I felt my dick start to swell as I thought of Cheryl. I hadn't felt like this in such a long time. I was excited that someone was interested in me, even if it was just to relieve her boredom. 

When I got back to the shop there was no-one waiting, just as I had expected. I opened the shop and settled down in my office at the back. I just couldn't get her out of my head. I was as turned on as I used to be when I was a teenager. My cock would not stay down. Every few minutes when she popped back into my head I would feel my cock swell again. I had to stop this I thought to myself. I was the adult here, even if I felt like a teenager. I needed to occupy my mind. So I got out a load of paperwork that I had been putting off doing. I stuck my nose into getting that done and after a couple of times when my mind began to drift I managed to concentrate properly. 

It was about half four in the afternoon when the bell on the front door rang as someone entered. I got up from my desk and made my way through to the front counter. As I entered the shop I could not see anyone. I approached the till and still could see no-one. 

Then a voice came from the back of the shop saying "You've managed to get quite a lot of things crammed into this place." It was Cheryl.

"Oh hi Cheryl." I replied "Yes, there are quite a few aren't there, there are a few amusement like pinball and an old juke box out the back as well." 

"Really!" she replied with some excitement. "I love pinball. Daddy lets me play on his back home. I've never manage to beat his high score though. Would you show me?"

She stood there all innocent looking and cocked her head slightly to one side and kind of looked at me sideways. God she was good, it had taken me a couple of hours to get her out of my head after our short meeting earlier and here she was again right back in the centre of my attention. 

"Yea, no problem." I said and showed her to the door at the rear of the shop. 

I opened the door behind which was the reasonably small hall which I had assumed would have been some kind of social events centre for the park. There were a few pin ball machines, an old video game a juke box and a TV which was mounted on the wall in the far corner. 

"It doesn't get used much now." I said. 

Cheryl took one look at one particular pin ball game and skipped over to it with joy.

"Oh yeah!" she said "It's the same as Daddies." 

She leant up against the front, cocked her left leg back and looked over her shoulder at me. 

"Can we play?"she said with a sparkle in her eye.

I took it when she said 'We' she really meant could she play. Who was I to deny her. 

"Of course we can."

"Oh goodie." she said. 

I caught up with her and switched on the machine. The lights flickered into life and the machine seemed to slowly wake up. It went through its diagnostics and spat out a ball ready for play.

"Benefits of being the manager." I said "You don't have to pay to play." 

She smiled at me and started to play. I watched. Oh how I watched her as she leant into the machine and rocked back and forth as the ball worked its way around the table. As she worked the flippers her pretty little ass would jut out and spasm like she was having an orgasm. God I just wanted to move up close behind her and run my hands up and down her body while she played. Feeling the curve of her breast and the hardness of her nipples. To run my hand down across her torso and to make contact with front of her jeans and feel the heat from her sex. To rub and bring her to a heightened state as she continued with her attention on the game. I would kiss the back of her neck working my way around and up to the side and base of her ear where I would nibble lightly. All the while she would grind her ass back into my rock hard cock. 

This time there was no--one to save her. There was no Daddy to interrupt my fantasies. I stepped a little closer to her side.

"Having fun yet?" I asked. 

"Definitely." she smiled at me and looked me straight in the eyes. 

The look seemed to linger until the ball dropped.

"Sorry." I replied. 

She looked down to the table. "No matter." she replied "Tell you what," she grabbed my arm and walked me back to the shop. "have you got anything to drink? Daddy thinks that I've had enough for today but I've still got a thirst." 

"Yea." I said. 

We walked back into the shop and I grabbed a pack of beer from the fridge. 

"Not the European brand that your used to," I said "but they should have the desired effect." 

We sat in my office and opened a couple of cans. Cheryl found the remote for the cable TV on my desk and turned the TV on to a music channel that I had not seen before. We sat there drinking beer and chatting. There was a lot of touching, flirting and laughter. I was surprised at what a wide experience she had. Her father had taken her traveling throughout all the major continents and she was fluent in at least four languages from their travels.

The afternoon slipped on and with every touch and laugh I was more and more turned on. I was beginning to loose control. Cheryl pulled out her phone and asked about the Wi-fi.

"You said that you had Wi-fi didn't you?" 

"Yes." I said. 

"I want to check my E-mails." she continued. "What's the login?". At this point I don't know if it was the beer, my state of arousal or both but my dick managed to circumvent my brain and connect directly to my mouth. I heard the words coming out of my mouth but was unable to stop them. 

"It'll cost you." I said. She looked up at me from her phone. 

"What will it cost me?" she asked with a smile. 

"A blow job." I smiled back.

My brain was screaming at me, but my dick had taken over. She put down her phone and looked directly at the hardon that had forced its way down my leg. 

"I think that I can cover that." she said without batting an eye.

She slipped off my desk that she was sitting on and knelt between my legs as I sat in the chair. She ran her hands down my chest, over my stomach coming to rest on my thighs. From there she unbuckled my belt and proceeded to undo my trousers; all the while she looked up at me smiling. My hands gripped the arms of the chair. I was like a rabbit in the headlights. Frozen to the spot in case I lost this opportunity, but there was no stopping Cheryl now. She reached into my trousers after her prize, but to no avail. My trousers, with a raging hard-on and Cheryl's hand was too much. There was no room to move in there. I quickly grabbed the top of my trousers with both hands and pushed downwards as I lifted my butt of the seat. Cheryl had a hold of my dick and wasn't letting go. As my dick came free it sprang up, narrowly missing hitting her in the face she looked back to my face.

Her smile broadened "Looks to me like you've been looking forward to this?".

My dick was rock solid, almost painfully so. "You have no idea." I said. 

Cheryl's hand squeezed the base of my dick and started to pump it. Her other hand joining in; she began to stroke both hands up and down at the same time, whilst twisting her wrists in opposite directions. Her strokes were no longer the delicate touch that had shaken my hand back at the RV but stronger, more determined. She leant forwards and her mouth slipped slowly over my dick. Her tongue pressing against the underside. As she moved down she released her grip on me and bottomed out, taking the entire length of my dick down her throat in one. She held it there. She had definitely done this before, however at the time I was more than a little engrossed with what she was doing to me. This was the first time that anyone had ever deep throated me. The feeling was incredible. I almost blew my load down her throat there and then. She started to gag and began pulling back. Her mouth left my dick and a trail of saliva clung to my tip. The smile that she wore earlier had been replaced now with a look of lustful hunger. Our eyes met but no words needed to be spoken now, we both knew what was going to happen.

She returned her attention to my dick and began to masturbate me with both her hand and mouth at the same time. I reached down and grabbed one of those perfect breasts. The nipple, through the material was hard in my hand and I grabbed it and pulled slightly. She moaned around my dick. She continued to bob her head up and down, occasionally sinking my cock straight down her throat before pulling back and continuing to masturbate me with her mouth and hand. Her other hand found my balls and started to fondle them. It wasn't long before I began to feel that familiar tingle that warned me I was getting close.

I wasn't willing to finish this so soon; I wanted my prize too. I grabbed Cheryl's head and pulled her up off my cock. As she stood I proceeded to strip her of her top. She responded in kind and pulled my t-shirt up over my head. Once that was on the floor I unbuttoned her shorts and they too were discarded. I placed my hands under her butt and lifted her off the floor, she placed her arms around my neck and our mouths connected for the first time. Her tongue shot across my lips and invaded my mouth.

With one hand I cleared a space on my desk, pushing the carefully place paperwork all off the end and placed Cheryl onto the desk. All the while our mouths never separated. With one hand I pinched the back of her bra and freed the clips fastening it. She shrugged off her bra and that too was discarded. My hands found her breasts and I started to fondle them and roll the nipples with my fingers. Cheryl moaned into my mouth. All the while my raging hardon was prodding at the front of her panties as she sat there. I was the one that finally broke our kiss and proceeded to move my mouth down to take in one of her nipples. I felt the nipple respond as it grew harder in my mouth and Cheryl sucked in a breath and let out a low moan. 
