 It was Friday afternoon. Nick got home from work two hours earlier than usual and stripped out of his suit. Finally, the weekend! The week had been rough, and he was more than ready for some de-stressing. Too bad he had to do it alone. 

He'd packed his camping gear in his car the night before. After changing into comfortable jeans and a T-shirt, he hit the road and headed north to the location of his favorite camping area. He'd discovered the campground years earlier, and it remained his favorite place to go when he needed to relax and recharge.

Unfortunately, plenty of other people had a similar idea. The highway was jammed with people heading for their weekend destinations. Good thing Nick had decided to leave work early; if the roads were this crowded now, what would they be like two hours from now? He didn't even want to think about it. He just turned up his radio and concentrated on getting through the traffic.

After driving for what seemed like days, he arrived at his destination. He parked by his usual campsite and stood by his car for a few minutes, getting his bearings. After a little while, he unloaded his car and set up his tent. With years of practice behind him, it didn't take long to get his site arranged. He built a small campfire and sat down beside it to fix something to eat.

"Why are you so stupid?" 

Nick looked over at the next campsite. A man who looked to be in his late twenties was glaring at a woman who looked slightly younger. "I'm not stupid," she protested.

"Right. You can't even set up the goddamn tent!"

Their tent was lopsided; a deep breath would probably have knocked it over. "It isn't my fault," she said. "You said you knew how to do it!"

"So did you, you dumb cow. What the fuck." He sat on the hood of one of the two cars next to their site. "I can't believe I let you talk me into this." He glanced at Nick. Nick quickly looked away.

"This was supposed to be a relaxing trip," the woman said. "Our chance to reconnect, you said."

"Reconnect?" The guy jumped off the car hood and got right up in the woman's face. "Reconnect? Yeah, right! You dumb bitch, I don't even like you, never mind love you! You think I want to be stuck in the woods with such a fucking moron?"

"Stop it!" The woman burst into tears. 

"Fuck you, you goddamn cow!" He grabbed hold of the tent and yanked it down.

Sobbing, the woman ran up the dirt road toward the bathrooms. Nick thought she slowed slightly as she passed his site, but dismissed it as his imagination. He watched her, though. How could the other guy freak out at such a lovely young woman? She had brownish-blonde hair, up in a bun, and was about five foot six. She looked to be medium build, but wore a bulky sweatshirt that hid her figure. 

Once she was out of sight, the guy picked some stuff up off the ground and tossed it into the car he'd sat on. He kicked at the tent that lay crumpled on the ground, then got into the car and took off, well above the fifteen mile an hour speed limit the campground had imposed.

Nick went back to cooking hot dogs over his campfire, and didn't notice the young woman returning from the bathrooms until a voice behind him made him jump. "Where did he go?"

Nick turned to see the woman from the next campsite. "He took off in his car," he said.

"No." She shook her head vehemently. "No, he can't have left. This was supposed to be a romantic trip. It's our first weekend away. We were going to... We had plans. He must be coming back."

"He took some things with him."

When Nick saw the tears trickle from her eyes, he could have kicked himself. She didn't need to hear that her man probably wasn't coming back. She needed to hear something comforting. "Um, I'm sorry," Nick said. "Maybe he was just going to pick something up at the store or something." Even to himself, he sounded lame.

"No, he's gone," she said. "I should have known. He didn't want to go camping anyway. He only came to make me happy, and he complained about it the entire drive up. He's not much of an outdoor person." She looked at her campsite. "Guess I'll have to start over with the tent. We've already paid for the site; I might as well stay."

"I'll help you," Nick offered. 

"Thanks." She held out her hand. "I'm Alicia."

"I'm Nick." He took her hand. "Nice to meet you, though I wish it were under better circumstances."

"Likewise."

They went over to her site, and Nick helped her set up her tent. With two people who knew what they were doing working together, it only took a few minutes. "Thanks." Alicia brushed her bangs out of her eyes. "Tim insisted on setting it up himself; he wouldn't let me show him how to do it. Stupid macho pride."

"Some men are like that," Nick said. "Me, I have no pride."

Alicia laughed. "I'm sure that isn't true. You should be proud of yourself. You can set up a tent in no time flat, and you're very good-looking."

"Good-looking?" He wasn't unattractive, but he didn't expect that kind of compliment from a woman who appeared at least twenty years younger.

"I think you are. Don't you?"

"There's no right answer to that. If I say no, I sound unconfident. If I say yes, I sound arrogant."

"Good point." Alicia kissed him on the cheek. "Thanks for your help with the tent, Nick. It's good to know I have a good neighbor for the weekend."

"Anything at all that I can do to help, just let me know," Nick replied. "Would you like something to eat? I have hot dogs."

"Thanks, but I'll fix myself something when I'm hungry. Right now, I think I'm going to curl up in my sleeping bag, take a nap, and forget about asshole Tim."

"Sweet dreams," Nick said.

She winked. "I think I will."

Nick went back to his site and finished his meal, then went for a hike around the campground. When he returned, there was no sign of Alicia. It was starting to get dark, so he built up his campfire and turned on the battery-operated lantern he'd brought. He'd brought a few books with him, and spent some time reading until he decided it was time to get some sleep. Alicia never came out of her tent.

Nick woke the next morning to the smell of frying eggs. He poked his head out of the tent and saw Alicia kneeling beside her fire in the next site. "Hey, stop cooking that!" Nick called. "It smells too good!"

She laughed. "Come on over, then. I share well."

Nick pulled on clean clothes and went over to her site. "Thanks for the breakfast," he said. "Are you sure there's enough?"

"Yeah, there's plenty. I started cooking for Tim before I remembered that the jackass won't be back." Her voice broke a little on the last word. "Last night, I thought I could deal with it, but now... Tim and I've been together for a year. I thought we'd end up married. Now it looks like we aren't going to end up anything."

"You might be able to work it out with him when you get home," Nick said.

"I don't know. I hope so, but we've been fighting for a while. That's why we came out here, to try to work things out." She forced a smile. "Oh, well. It is what it is. Would you pass me those plates, please?"

He handed her two paper plates that were on top of a cooler beside me. Their hands touched briefly, and she smiled but made no comment. She scooped eggs out of the pan onto each plate. "Take your pick," she said.

Nick took the plate with less eggs, figuring that since she'd cooked them, she should have the larger share. "Thank you."

"You're welcome. There are forks in the cooler."

They ate and chatted about themselves. It turned out she didn't live far from Nick, just a couple towns over. That was promising; maybe he'd see her again. If there was any chance such an attractive young woman would be interested in an older man, which seemed unlikely.

After they ate, Alicia cleaned up the site. Nick offered to help, but she turned him down. He stayed where he was and enjoyed the sight of her bending over in her tight jeans shorts, her shirt riding up to show the tan skin between her shirt and shorts. His cock hardened at the view. She glanced at him over her shoulder and smiled. "I'll be done in a minute."

"Take your time," Nick replied. He wanted to keep looking at her.

She bent again to pick up something he couldn't see. He would have sworn she wiggled her ass at me, but figured he had to have imagined it. She didn't seem like the type to tease, and there wasn't much chance she'd be interested in him.

But after she finished cleaning, she sat beside him and said, "You know, Nick, you're a nice person. I'm glad I ended up being your neighbor. And I'd like to thank you for helping me out."

"I haven't done anything except help set up your tent," Nick replied.

"Oh, you've done more than that. Talking to you really helped me when Tim took off yesterday. And I would have been afraid to stay if you hadn't been here. It isn't really safe for a woman to camp alone nowadays, but with you in the next site, I wasn't worried. I knew you wouldn't hurt me, and I knew if I needed help, you'd help. Wouldn't you?"

"Of course."

"Which is why I want to thank you." 

She leaned toward him and their lips met. As their tongues touched, she took his hand and brought it to her breast. Was this really happening? Maybe it was only because she felt she owed him something, but it seemed that Alicia really was interested in more than just sharing her breakfast. 

Nick broke the kiss and said, "You don't have to do this, you know."

"I know I don't have to. I want to."

She slid back from him and pulled her shirt off over her head, revealing a pair of creamy white breasts. He ran his thumbs over her nipples, which had hardened in the cool morning air, then took one nipple in his mouth. She gasped. Emboldened, Nick put his hand on the crotch of her shorts. "Yes," she moaned. "I want you to touch me, Nick!"

Nick unzipped her shorts and slipped his hand inside. She wore no panties, and she was so wet he was surprised it hadn't gone through her shorts. He continued sucking her nipples, switching back and forth between them, as he fingered her clit. Shuddering, she cried out, "God, yes!" as she came.

"You're beautiful," Nick told her.

"Thank you." She took a deep breath. "I haven't come that hard in a long time. Tim wasn't much for thinking about my orgasms; he was too busy trying for his own. Thank you." She reached for my zipper. "Now it's your turn."

She took out Nick's cock and stroked it, then bent and sucked it. The feeling of her lips and tongue on me was amazing. She took his entire length into her mouth and sucked lightly for a few seconds, then slid her mouth up to lick the head. "Oh, Alicia, that feels so good!" Nick moaned.

"I'm glad you like it. Do you want me to make you cum in my mouth?"

"Whatever you want."

She gave his cockhead a hard suck, then stood and slipped off her shorts. "I want you to fuck me."

He couldn't. She was young enough to be his daughter. She was only doing this because she felt obligated. There was no way. But all his mind's arguments against it paled at the sight of the beautiful, naked woman in front of him. "Sit on me," Nick told her.

Facing away from him, Alicia lowered her pussy onto his cock. She was tight and wet, and he felt like he was slipping into velvet. "Your cock feels so good!" she said. "God, Nick, fuck me!"

"You fuck me," Nick said. "You're the one in control here."

"Yes, I am."

She moved up and down on his cock, building her speed until he felt myself about to explode. He reached around her and stroked her clit, hoping to give her another orgasm before his own. "Alicia, I'm going to cum!" he said.

"Mmm, so am I. Keep doing that, Nick." Her breathing got heavier. "Oh, yes. Oh, yes! Nick!"

Nick felt her pussy contract along his cock as she came. That was all it took to push me over the edge into his own orgasm. "Alicia!" he cried as his cum filled her.

She lifted herself off him and sat beside him. Nick put his arm around her and pulled her against him. "That was wonderful," she said. She kissed him. "Thank you, Nick."

"Thank you," Nick replied. "It was incredible."

"How far from me did you say you live?"

"Two towns over."

She smiled. "Then I guess this weekend is just the beginning."