 With special thanks to CopyCarver for taking the time to edit it for me.

__________________________

I'd been dropping hints all month long that I wanted Philippe to come camping with me. He finally let me know that he had the next weekend free, just for me and our camping trip.

What with my month to plan I'd had plenty of time to locate a perfect campsite and I stopped by his office on Friday morning to give him a map.

"Aren't we going to drive together?"

"Oh no," I told him, "it would work much better if you just meet me there at seven tonight. Don't be too late though, I'll be waiting for you." Right before I left I turned to him and nonchalantly said to remember to follow the red ribbons. As I left him I noticed a rather suspicious look upon his face and I couldn't help but laugh out loud.

I got to the campsite very early. When he drove in at nearly seven on the dot he found the campsite all set up and waiting. I'd even started a little fire in the fire pit. From my vantage point I could see him walking around the camp, trying to figure out where I was. When he finally noticed the bright red ribbon hanging at the entrance to one of the trails I saw that smile that I love so much slowly spread across his face. Clearly he was remembering the time long ago when I'd mentioned a particular fantasy I'd had. He went up to the piece of ribbon and read the small card that I'd tied to it. It read, "You've probably figured out what the game is. You have to track me down. I'll be leaving bits of ribbon as well as other surprises now and then to help you follow my trail. The faster you catch me, the greater the reward. Love, Misty."

At first I'd left ribbon every twenty meters or so, simply to help him get the hang of tracking me but then he realized the ribbon was getting further and further apart. I watched him as he suddenly realized that he may have lost my trail. Philippe turned around to head back and came across my shirt spread out over a rock. With his confidence renewed, he started to really work at tracking me. A short while later he discovered my skirt hanging from a tree. A few ribbons and about 100 meters along, he found my bra laid atop a shrub. He clearly heard me giggle with anticipation as I watched from my hiding place and he picked up his pace knowing that I wasn't far away now.

Phil soon came across my hiking boots. His smile turned into a gorgeous little smirk as he realized that with me being barefoot there was no way I could outrun him for long. He looked up from my shoes and finally caught sight of me, not very far away, wriggling out of my tiny little panties to leave them in his path. He felt his predatory nature start to take over as he attempted to close the gap between us. I had my back to him and I was having so much fun running from tree to tree and leaving bits of ribbon that I didn't notice him sneaking up on me. When he was about 50 meters away I heard a twig break beneath his foot and twirled around in alarm. I let out a squeal of half fear, half excitement and the chase was on.

I ran blindly, jumping over fallen trees and ducking quickly under overhanging branches. I could hear him breathing behind me as I zigged and zagged through the trees, bare to the world. As I rounded a corner I saw a big, full shrub and quickly squeezed myself behind it hoping that he would keep running past me and I'd once again be in control of the game.

I sat there, panting with excitement but trying as hard as I could to quiet the sound of my breathing. He was taking much too long. I cautiously moved aside some of the shrub's branches to peer through. All of a sudden he grabbed me from behind, startling me beyond belief.

For a moment I was so caught up in the game that I felt real fear and I struggled until he pushed me to the ground and climbed on top of me to pin me down. Philippe kissed me deeply and grabbed my wrists, roughly placing my hands on the ground above my head and holding them there with one hand while he sat up to take a look at me. I was trembling and flushed from the excitement of the hunt and when he looked into my eyes he could see that my fear and excitement had combined into an adrenaline induced passion. He decided it was time to torture me a little in return. He started to slowly nibble and lick his way from my ear to my collarbone, pausing at the tendons on the side of my neck to gently bite them. I groaned in frustration and started to struggle to free my wrists. I was dying to feel his skin beneath my hands.

Philippe tentatively reached down between my legs and were shocked at how wet and ready I was for him. My entire body spasmed at the touch of his hand. He released my hands and sat up to undress. I quickly squirmed out from underneath him, impatient as I was, and proceeded to unfasten his shirt as swiftly as I could, kissing every inch of newly exposed skin. He stood up to peel his pants off and I wasted no time. As soon as his cock was freed I was attacking it with lips and tongue. I'd been waiting for this night for so long that I just couldn't wait another moment to take possession of his deliciously hard cock. I wrapped my lips around it, grabbed his hips in either hand and began to suck for all I was worth. He was soon having a difficult time standing. I was so intent on engulfing him that I hardly even noticed that his knees were starting to buckle. Philippe grabbed my hair tightly and forced me to do a few more deep thrusts before using my hair to pull my head back so I was looking right up at him. My eyes were glazed over with lust for him, I was panting with excitement and when he pulled on my hair I couldn't help but let out a guttural moan of pleasure.

He told me to lie back and I rushed to comply. He knelt between my thighs, lined it up, and thrust into me as hard as he could. I had my first orgasm instantly, bucking like a wild horse beneath him. He placed my knees on his shoulders and proceeded to fuck me with a wild abandon. I was quickly losing my mind with pleasure, moaning and mumbling little incoherent things as he pounded into me. I was on the brink of another orgasm very quickly and I stretched my neck out to try to capture his mouth with my own for a deep, passionate kiss. As I came I began to kiss him wildly, sucking on his tongue and releasing a muffled scream. When he felt my orgasm start he found that he couldn't hold back any longer, his orgasm very nearly seemed to come at him from out of nowhere and suddenly we were thrusting and rocking and screaming with mutual release. The feel of his wonderful cock pumping white hot cum deep within me set me off on a third orgasm before he was even done with his.

We lay there connected, with our foreheads pressed together, damp all over with the sweat from our little adventure. Once the after-tremors started to subside I gave him a soft, gentle kiss and we lay there in one another's arms until one of our stomachs started to growl. Philippe gathered up his clothes and got dressed but since he'd left mine where he had found them, I had to march back to camp as naked as the day I was born.