 The fire crackles as Bradley throws another stick in, sending embers flying into the warm night air. He could see the flashlight's beam coming out of the tent and into the trees above, Samantha inside searching for the bag of marshmallows among the supplies.

"Aha, success!" she called from inside. The marshmallows thrust threw the flap in the tent and then her head poking out. "Can you take these? I want to change into something warmer." Bradley walks over and grabs them, taking her hand in his other. 

"Love you, baby." He says as he kisses the top of her smooth hand. She smiles and puts her hand on his cheek, pulling him in for a kiss. Sparks fly and there are shooting stars just like every time they touch or kiss.

"Love you too," she says and ducks back into the tent. She comes back out in a zip up hoodie and black lounge pants. Even in such comfortable and shapeless clothes, Bradley still gets a tingle in his groin. As she leans over the fire with a marshmallow at the end of a stick, he sees that underneath the hoodie she wears nothing but her silver cross that never leaves her neck. He smiles to himself and takes a sip of his hot chocolate.

"Want a 'mallow? I promise not to burn it."

"Can I eat it off you?" Bradley asks. Samantha sticks her tongue out and shoves another marshmallow on her stick. She turns it slowly over the fire, making sure to get it nice and brown on all sides then brings it to her mouth. Knowing Bradley is watching her, and that he knows she has nothing under her clothes she decides to tease him and lick and suck the marshmallow making noises she knows are unnecessary. 

"Well, I think it's time for bed."

Samantha laughs and sucks the sticky marshmallow that's on her finger. "Oh? Kinda early dontcha think?" She smiles and winks up at him. He stretches and his shirt lifts revealing an inch or so of his belly, his shorts low on his hips.

"Want to be up nice and early tomorrow so we don't have so much heat to walk through when we hike." Good excuse he thinks and stands up.

"Guess you're right, not like it's still light out. Must be 8 or 9 at least."

Bradley follows Samantha inside the tent, leaving his shoes outside in a bag with hers. Their sleeping bags laid out open on top of each other with a couple blankets from home underneath created a pretty soft place for them to sleep. Was no bed but better than just sleeping on the hard ground. With Sam snuggled under the top sleeping bag Bradley got in with her, removing his shirt and shorts so he was left with nothing but his boxers.

"You're gonna freeze." 

"I've got you to snuggle up with, I'll be fine." He gets down under the sleeping bag and cuddles in close to her, resting his head on her chest. She starts to stroke the side of his head, combing her fingers through his hair while he rubs her back.

His hand moves up her side and slips under the roomy hoodie; he runs his palm over the soft curves of her stomach and ribs. His hand moves to the side of her considerable breast and his thumb gently caresses Samantha's erect nipple. She moans and moves her hand from his hair to the back of his neck, a spot that drives Bradley crazy whenever she touches it softly with her fingertips. 

Bradley turns over and is on top of her as he presses his lips to hers, hand never leaving her breast, his other on the zipper of the sweater pulling it down. He moves the sweater aside and even in the darkness of the tent he can see the outline of her nipples against the paleness of her beautiful skin. His mouth is on the left breast, hand on the right with Samantha moaning and grinding against him. She sits up and removes the sweater completely, kissing him the whole time.

"Make love to me, baby, I want to feel you in me." Bradley is happy to oblige and gets on his knees to remove her pants. With no panties to remove he rubs the hairless mound with the palm of his hand causing Sam to arch her back in pleasure. He strips his boxers off and gets back on his knees between her legs looking down at her, she's so beautiful and he loves her so much that his cock is already hard. She reaches up and strokes him a few times, fingers brushing his balls and making him shudder. She sits up on her knees and pushes him back down on the sleeping bag.

Samantha kisses his lips, his neck, shoulders and down his chest making sure to lick and gently bite his nipples, another thing that drives him crazy. Her hands on his hips massaging them as she kisses down his stomach to right below his waistline, his little moans and quick breaths turning her on more and more. Her eyes meet his throbbing cock as her hands do, one on top of the other she strokes him up and down making sure to rub her thumb along the tip once in awhile, pre-come oozing out with every stroke she makes. She licks her lips and lowers her head, mouth around the tip of his rigid cock and her tongue darting out to lick up pre-come, Bradley thrusting his hips up and moaning.

He grabs her by her hair, not pulling or pushing her down on him, just enough to get a grip. Her lips feel so wonderful around his cock and he loves the way she moves her tongue. He was the first she had ever given oral to and he would be the only, perfecting how she moved up and down on him and how she'd use her tongue and lips. She loved his cock in her mouth as much as he did, so long and thick, the head glistening with pre-come and her saliva. 

Her mouth comes off with a pop and Bradley moans in displeasure, but only for a second as he feels her lips moving down the back of his shaft, kissing as she goes down his eight inches. Her tongue hits his balls and he tenses up, the flat of it resting there as she moves her lips around them and starts to lick and suck.

"Oh God baby, don't stop please don't stop. Mmm I love the way you go down on me, Sam." He groans as he feels her hand wrap around his cock and start to pump up and down in a slow steady motion. She goes back to the tip of his cock and sucks fast and hard, hand pumping the rest at the same speed. "You'll make me come baby, don't you want me to fill that tight pussy?"

Samantha takes her mouth off his cock and moves it to his lips, positioning herself right above his hard cock she can feel the tip of it rubbing against the wetness of her pussy lips. She eases herself down on him, his thickness enveloping her whole pussy as she slides down to his base. She sits up and starts to move herself up and down on him, his hands on her thighs she moves her long dark hair behind her and settles into a steady and comfortable pace. They pant in rhythm and she starts to move a little faster, she can feel his cock growing and throbbing inside her, nothing between them to ruin the experience, there never has been. Her first orgasm shudders inside her and she feels herself tighten around Bradley's cock, she moves even faster, her juices coating him and making it easier to move up and down on his shaft. 

Her breasts going up and down as she bounces on top of him, her knees almost leaving the ground. She feels him tensing again and squeezes around his cock, her pussy wanting to suck the come right out of him.

"Oh baby, oh Sam unh I'm gunna come baby." Bradley's head and shoulders lift off the sleeping bag as he explodes inside her, a small second wave hits him and he falls back on the bag panting. Samantha's own orgasm hitting her, she convulses and feels the hot come from Bradley run out and down her leg.

Laying her head on his chest, fingers playing with his nipple she sighs happily and smiles. "You ok?"

"Mm, yeah I'm real good. How about you?"

"Perfect, like always. And tired, move over."Bradley laughs and she gets off him, settling next to him, head back on his chest. Her eyes close and she falls asleep to the sound of Bradley's heartbeat and the rise and fall of his chest.

Bradley lies there, feeling her eyelashes on his bare skin, fingers tracing up and down her back. He smiles to himself and drifts off to sleep himself, a dream approaching.... Samantha naked on a bed of roses. 'Hmm', he thinks to himself and goes back to enjoying his dream.