 As Kali & Josh drove along the highway behind Mary & Al, their two boys at Grandma's for the weekend. Kali couldn't help but thing back on how she and Josh had met. It had all started as a blind date on New Years Eve… there was nothing outlandish about their quiet evening consisting of dinner and a movie, in fact this 90 minute drive out to Jasper was the longest they'd ever been alone together, they had only ever spent time with Mary and Al and sometimes at least the two boys if not they'd get Kali helping out with the kids basketball.

"Looks like it's gonna be a beautiful weekend" Josh looked over at Kali as she drove down the highway. Kali looked over and smiled at him, her long auburn hair blowing in the breeze from the slightly open window,

"Yeah, I'm hoping it's going to be nice and hot…" all night long she couldn't help but think to herself. "I can't wait to hit the Rapids again"

"It looks like it's going to be a bumpy weekend" Josh commented looking out the window as they started to approach the mountains.

"I'm hoping so…" Kali said softly.

Josh glanced over to her and smiled softly "So, I booked us a campsite next to Mary and Al so that they won't be kept up till the wee hours if we are" and god do I ever hope that we are

Kali and Josh pulled into the campsite shortly after Mary and Al, the couples got their tents set up and as they sat around the fire at Al and Mary's, Al began to tease his cousin, " hey, Josh..So, is Kali your girlfriend? Why do you only have one tent? Are the two of you gonna get married?" Josh just smiled at his cousin as Mary smacked him and said,

"Al, behave… besides, you need to get ready, I hope the two of you don't mind being on your own tonight but we've been looking forward to a romantic evening for two so I've made us a reservation at the Jasper Inn for dinner." Kali smiled at her friend knowingly… she and Josh spent so little time without other people around that she and Mary had pre-arranged ways for them to find time alone.

As Kali and Josh wandered back to their campsite he lightly laid his hand against the small of her back, Kali paused and looked up into his eyes smiling at him, raising her hand to lightly touch his jaw. Her voice thick with desire she whispered to him, "I made us reservations for La Tappa's in town for around 7 if that's alright with you? Liz and I found it a couple years ago, it's a quaint little Spanish place"

Josh smiled at her and nodded his approval, "sounds like it should be good… is it really spicy?" or should we make our own spice

"Not overly," Kali said to him, she stopped on the path and leaned up to whisper in his ear "but I'm game to heat things up right now if you'd like to" Josh felt his breath catch in his throat as her breath trailed along his jaw. Running his hands up her arms he tenderly gripped her shoulders as he turned her towards him.

"Yes…" he barely brushed his lips across hers as he whispered hoarsely, "lets heat things up" he pulled Kali tight against him and crushed her lips into his moaning into his mouth as the months of pent up passion began to bubble up inside. Kali raised her hands up slowly and trailed her arms around Josh's back, deepening the kiss and drawing him in. 

Josh moaned and gently nudged Kali back against a tree, pressing himself into her. As he softly began to caress her breasts with his hands Al and Mary came around the corner. Al nudged Mary gently and smiled at her, "it's about time that those two got things moving, they've been pretending that this thing with them isn't really there"

"Shhhh, they're going to hear you," Mary whispered nudging her husband in the ribs, "it's taken your stubborn cousin MONTHS to make a move towards Kali and he'll stop and crawl back into himself if he knows that we're here. You know that he's like all of the men in your family."

Al feigned insult towards the love of his life, "and what pray tell, is that supposed to mean?"

"You know exactly what that means, every man in your family refuses to discuss or display anything about a girl that they might like! How many months have I been trying to find out if he even wanted to date her or to just spend time as friends?" Mary tugged on her husband's arm, leading him away from the blossoming lovers, "YOU have to keep your nose out of this one for the next couple of days and let Josh make the first move in bring this out to us. Don't you dare try to push him or I know he'll crawl back into silence and things will end at that tree" 

Mary rose up onto the balls of her feed and kissed her husband deeply while leading him away in a passionate haze that was still as fresh after 15 years as it was the first year of their marriage."

Kali slowly lowered herself down, Josh's lips following her, as she begrudgingly pulled away she moaned into his lips, "I hope that this isn't where this is going to end… I'm looking forward to much, much more of that."

Josh leaned in and pressed his lips into her long auburn hair and whispered softly to her, his voice still ripe with passion, "I've wanted to do this for months, now that I have you like this I don't know if I can let you go. So, now, do we go for a walk? Or do we…" His words cut off as he pressed his lips to Kali's again and drew her into him leading her back towards their campsite.

I hope that you've enjoyed this first chapter, I welcome you're feed back… please stay tuned for additional chapters.