 This is the third chapter. It would be helpful if you've read the first two.

DAY 3

Josh heard his phone beep, immediately grabbed it and turned it off. He sat up put on a fresh t-shirt, clean boxers and shorts, and quietly left the guys' tent. He went and took a piss, then went back to the camp and brushed his teeth. Finally, he sat down next to the dead fire waiting to see if Annie was serious about their date.

Just then the girls' tent opened and out stepped Annie. She had on flannel pajama bottoms and a tight t-shirt that didn't cover her toned stomach and had a small tear in the neck to show off her cleavage. Her blonde hair was pulled into some sort of bun showing off her neck line.

"Let me brush my teeth then we can go for our walk," Annie said with a big smile on her face. As she finished brushing her teeth Josh walked up behind her, wrapping his arms around her waist and pulling her close. He gently kissed her neck.

"You look gorgeous; I couldn't sleep last night waiting for this." Annie spit and washed out her mouth. She then went back to her tent to put away her toothbrush and came out with a blanket. Josh held out his hand, "I know a place not to far from here that will give us some privacy."

They hiked about ten minutes until they came to a small clearing. As they entered in Josh dropped the blanket on the ground. He grabbed hold of Annie's hands and held them tightly behind her back. "Are you ready to have some fun?" Josh asked her, speaking into her ear. Still holding her hands tight with his right hand, he reached around with his left and massaged her giant breasts through her t-shirt. Josh still had trouble believing how soft they were, yet they had no sag to them at all. He then trailed his hand down and slipped it inside her pants and panties. "You're already wet, huh?"

"I told you last night I was ready to go," was Annie's reply.

"Well why are we wasting time," Josh gently pushed Annie over to a nearby tree. Still holding her hands he pulled down on her flannel pants, bringing them and her panties down so they were trapped around her ankles. He undid his jeans allowing them to drop. Stepping closer Josh rubbed the head of his dick against her pussy getting it wet. Then with one thrust he entered Annie from behind. Her pussy was warm and wet, though not nearly as tight as Samantha's.

"Oh fuck!" Annie moaned out.

"You like that," Josh said as he jammed his cock into her as hard as he could. Josh had let go of her hands, which she now used to steady herself against the tree.

"That's it, fuck my pussy," Annie encouraged Josh on. "Fuck me hard. Shove that fat cock into me!"

All the dirty talk caused Josh to somehow fuck her harder. Every time he bottomed out his groin would slap against her ass causing it to jiggle. Annie stopped talking and was reduced to moans and grunts Josh felt her pussy moisten and tighten as Annie gasped and shook from her orgasm. Feeling her pussy tighten Josh shoved in as far and hard as he could and held onto Annie as he came into her pussy.

Josh let go of Annie and she almost fell down. He grabbed her. Annie's legs were weak from the awkward position and the orgasm. She turned around, stepping out of her pants and panties which were on the ground. Josh could see a thin layer of perspiration on her body. It had caused her already tight t-shirt to cling and become somewhat transparent.

"Shit, I wouldn't have been able to sleep if I knew that was coming," Annie said with a big smile on her face. "I haven't been fucked that good is a long time."

"Are you ready for round two?" As Josh asked he walked forward and pulled Annie's shirt over her head. He grabbed the blanket and walked over towards a large rock. He laid the blanket on the ground. "Come over here and get on your knees," Josh commanded. Annie obeyed coming over and kneeling before Josh. "Now see if you can get my cock hard again."

Annie started to suck Josh's cock. She would suck it into her mouth then pull it out and spit on the head, using her salvia as lube to stroke it with. "Deep throat it like you did the other night." Annie pulled his cock out of her mouth, and then opened wide and swallowed Josh's entire cock. Josh grabbed the back of her head and held it there until she started to gag. He pulled her head back as she coughed salvia running down onto her tits.

"Again", Josh ordered. Annie swallowed him again and again. "Now I want to fuck your face, open that pretty mouth". Josh started working his cock in and out of Annie's mouth. Drool was getting all over Annie's tits now making them glisten even more.

"Now I'm going to fuck those titties". Annie leaned up farther on her knees and placed Josh's cock between her wet tits and squeezed them together making Josh's cock disappear into her tit flesh. Josh started to move his cock feeling her soft flesh surrounding it, as Annie began moving her tits causing two separate movements on Josh's cock. Josh started to get close so he pulled away.

"I want to fuck you again," Josh announced. "You pick the position."

"Lay down, I want to ride it."

Josh lay down on the blanket, and Annie gingerly lowered her moist pussy onto him. She started to fuck him slowly, moving up and down only a little bit before bottoming out and grinding a little bit on his cock. As Annie fucked Josh her eyes were closed, as if she was in her own little world where all that mattered was the cock inside her. Finally she ground to a halt as she came on top of Josh. Annie fell forward, out of breath. She was lying on top of Josh who still had not cum.

"Lay down," Josh told Annie. Annie rolled off him and lay down on the blanket. Josh lay down beside her in a spoon position and rammed his cock into her cunt. Annie let out a cry as she was penetrated. Josh fucked her with abandon until her could feel his orgasm approaching. He pulled out and came all over her belly and tits.

They both lay back and dozed off for a bit. Soon Josh woke up, and realizing they were lying naked in the middle of the forests, woke up Annie. He walked over to his clothes and got dressed, picking up Annie's clothes along the way. Annie dressed, and the two of them walked back to camp.

Everybody was up and about. Annie went right to her tent and back to sleep. Josh went and grabbed a bagel and sat down with a guilty look on his face. Guilty because he wasn't sure if Samantha and Kathleen would get mad at, or jealous of him messing around with Annie; and because Justin did not look to happy to see Josh and Annie had been somewhere alone. Justin was still under the impression that Annie was into him. Josh was beginning to think Annie was into anything with a penis.

"What time is it?" Josh asked.

"Almost ten, did the two of you take a hike?" Henry asked seemingly oblivious to what they were really doing. 

"Yeah I guess we're both early risers. We got tired of waiting for the rest of you to wake up."

Everybody sat around and talked. They ate a little bit of lunch, and discussed what to do that day. The guys' suggestion, to go down to the lake and swim, was agreed upon. Everybody went to throw on their swimsuits, except of course for Henry and Sue who said they would stay behind and watch the camp. Josh was ready to go so he walked over to the girls' tent.

"Ladies, are you ready?" Josh asked as he approached their tent.

"Almost, give us like two minutes," Josh heard Kathleen cute voice reply.

"Is Annie awake?" Josh asked next.

Annie responded groggily, "I'm just going to sleep some more. That hike tired me out."

"Come on, you have to come," Josh said, more or a command than an invitation.

"Okay, just give me a couple of minutes to get ready," Annie said.

"No problem, I'll wait for you," said Josh smiling.

Kathleen and Samantha came out of the tent. Samantha had the same outfit on as the other day, board shorts and a tank-top covering her bikini. Kathleen was wearing some tight jean shorts that made her legs seem to go on for miles. And her tight pink top didn't cover her perfectly toned midsection and had little hills were her small breasts were. The girls and guys took off, wanting to get to the lake.

Annie came out, she was wearing some tight shorts with words written on the across the ass. Her huge tits were being barely covered with a white shirt with spaghetti straps. Her blonde hair was pulled back in a pony tail.

Josh looked and didn't see Henry or Susan so we walked up to Annie and kissed her. His hands slid down to her ass and grabbed hold of it, squeezing. The surprise wore off Annie and she returned the kiss. Josh's hands left Annie's ass and moved up to grab her tits. He squeezed them roughly as they made out.

Josh pulled away with a smile, "We better get to the lake while the sun's still out."

"Or we could go back to the tent?" Annie offered.

Nah, I think I want to go swimming." Josh grabbed he hand and started to pull her towards the lake.

About half way to the lake Josh stopped.

"Get on your knees," he commanded Annie.

"What," Annie responded confused.

Josh pulled down his swim suit causing his hard cock to spring out. "I need to get off, seeing you dressed like that made me real hard."

"Oh...okay," said Annie as she got on her knees.

Josh shoved his cock into Annie's waiting mouth. She gagged a little, but still took it all the way in. Josh fucked her face for a couple of minutes, then pulled away. He reached down and pulled her top up. Annie instantly raised her arms to allow Josh to pull her shirt off. Annie was now kneeling with only her bikini top on.

Josh pulled her tits out of the bikini, "That looks much better," Josh said gazing down at her incredible breasts. He tossed her shirt off to the side.

Annie started sucking on Josh's cock. She slid her mouth up and down his shaft coating it with salvia. Then she took his balls into her mouth and sucked. Finally she went back to deep-throating. Josh felt his orgasm coming, but didn't say anything. He started to cum into Annie's mouth, catching her by surprise. Annie took his still cumming cock out of her mouth coughing.

"Asshole," she said, "Warn me next time."

"Sorry, I guess I got carried away," Josh offered as a half hearted apology.

"Well you can make it up to me by getting me off quick," Annie said standing up and pulling her shorts down.

Josh grabbed her hands and then pulled her shorts back up.

"What the fuck are you doing?" Annie asked, obviously annoyed.

"I'm not in the mood to fuck right now; I'm just going to go to the lake." Josh wanted to see how much he could influence Annie.

"I don't care what you're in the mood for, you came, and now I want to also." If the physical roles were reversed Josh would have been nervous about Annie raping him. As it was, he smiled seeing how horny she was.

"If you need to get off so bad, there are two young guys at the lake who I don't think would complain if you asked them to assist you."

"What is this some sort of game? I'm really not in the mood. Besides the loud one has a small cock and came in a couple of minutes."

"Well then why don't you try out the quiet one," Josh liked Doug and thought he would do him a favor by steering Annie towards him. And that would give him more time with Kathleen and Samantha which is what really excited him.

"You know you're an asshole. An asshole that's lucky he has a nice cock and knows how to use it," Annie said.

"Well if the boys let you down, maybe we can do some star gazing tonight." Josh started walking towards the lake.

"Wait, where did you throw my shirt?" Annie called out to Josh. She looked around and finally found it in a puddle. It was now muddy and un-wearable. Annie also noticed her knees had dirt on them. She brushed them off, but it was obvious she had spent some time kneeling.

Josh walked to the lake. When he arrived he saw that Kathleen and Justin were already swimming. Doug was getting out of the water walking towards where his towel and shirt were. Samantha had on her bikini and looked to be tanning. As Josh walked into sight she glanced up with a look that Josh thought was a strange mixture of jealousy and curiosity. Josh made his way, and sat down close to her.

"Did you get lost of something?" Samantha inquired. "We've been here for almost a half an hour."

"Yeah, I waited for Annie, but she took forever so I left," Josh lied.

Josh pealed off his shirt and lay down next to Samantha squeezing onto her towel. He could feel her warm skin on his. Josh turned on his side so he could look at Samantha. Looking around to see if anybody was paying attention, nobody was, so Josh slid his hand up her leg. Samantha didn't move, but she did smile when she felt Josh's hands caressing her leg.

Josh now moved his finger up to her toned stomach and drew pictures. He moved it south near her swimsuit but them brought it up, Josh looked up and seeing nobody was paying attention to them, pulled aside her bikini top and lowered his mouth onto her nipple. Josh sucked on her nipple feeling it harden in his mouth. He then opened his mouth more and sucked as much of her small firm breast into his mouth as he could. He had probably three-quarters of it in his mouth.

Samantha sighed. She loved having her tits played with. Josh again sucked on her nipple then raised his head and covered up her breast again.

"Do you want to take a walk?" Samantha asked.

Josh got up and extended his hand as an answer. They walked away from camp far enough so they thought they wouldn't get caught. Josh found a large rock that was flat on top and put the towel over it. Samantha sat back on the rock and spread her legs.

"I missed your cock," she said while rubbing her pussy. "My pussy has felt empty all day."

Pushing his shorts down and stroking his cock Josh says, "Well let's fill it up."

Josh pulled her swimsuit to the side and opens her pussy lips with one hand then rubbed his cock up and down her pussy getting it wet from her juices. Holding his cock he used it to tap on her clit.

"Ooh, stop teasing me. Put it in," Samantha begged.

"Yes Ma'am,"

Josh inserted the head of his cock into her pussy and stopped. He leaned forward and kissed Samantha, sucking on her lower lip. He leans back and looks into her eyes. Then Josh thrusts his cock into Samantha all the way to the hilt then stopped, holding it inside her.

"Oh god," Samantha said with her eyes wide open.

Josh began to move in and out of her slowly. Propping his hands up by her shoulders, so he was leaning over her as her gently fucked her. From this position Josh was able to kiss Samantha. As they kissed Samantha kept gasping. Josh felt her shiver and her legs shake.

He pauses, "Did you just cum?"

"Only a little one," Samantha says with a smile, "More please."

Josh leaned back and holding onto Samantha's thighs pushed all the way in again, causing her to purr. He kept fucking her with long slow strokes, lost in the ecstasy of her tight pussy. He pulled her top down freeing her breasts and leaned in to give them each a kiss. Running his tongue over her nipples he continued to slide in and out of her pussy. Taking one of her nipples into her mouth he gently bite and causing her pussy quiver again. Josh paused, enjoying the sensation on his cock.

"That's two," Samantha said, her face blushing.

Josh pulled his cock out of Samantha's pussy, a look of disappointment comes over onto her face. He pulled her forward by her hips so her pussy is on the very edge of the rock. He dipped two of his fingers into her pussy, which was dripping cum. He slid a third finger in, moving them around making her squirm. Josh then tried to get his pinky finger in as well. It was tight, but he got them all in. Josh pulled his fingers out and put them in front of Samantha's face. She took hold of his hand and licked each finger clean.

When Josh's hand was entirely clean he inserted one finger back into her pussy, working it in and out. When he pulled it out it is coated with her juice. He wiped it off in her ass crack, then put it back in getting it wet. He pulled the finger out and this time pushed it up against her asshole. Samantha's eyebrows rose when she felt the pressure on her back door.

"Relax, it's only a finger," said Josh, pushing his fingertip into her ass.

Samantha face contorted a little with the discomfort, but she didn't say anything. Josh had never played with an asshole before so he slowly and gently moved the tip of his finger into her ass. As he felt her relax a little he pushed it in more and more until it was all the way inside. He moved his finger in and out of her ass, reveling in the tightness. Josh pulled his finger out and went to insert two fingers.

When his fingers, brushed against her puckered ass, Samantha yelled, "NO WAY!"

Josh pulled his hand away.

"You haven't won anything yet," Samantha scolded him. "Now fuck me and make me come again."

"So," Josh took his cock and put it at the entrance of Samantha's pussy, "you want this?" As he finished his sentence he pushed his entire length into her.

"Yes, yes," moaned Samantha, "I always want your cock."

Josh started to fuck Samantha faster. He leaned down so he could kiss her. As they kissed and fucked, sweat dropped from Josh's forehead onto Samantha. Samantha wrapped her arms around Josh's neck pulling her up so that they were eye to eye. She wrapped her legs around him bring him closer.

Josh kept building speed as he thrust into Samantha. She would meet each thrust, letting out a moan as he bottomed out. Samantha buried her head into Josh's neck to keep from screaming out. Josh kept going faster and faster. Josh was lost in ecstasy, he wasn't thinking about anything but fucking Samantha. All of a sudden he started to cum, not caring that he did not have a condom. 

Samantha had never had a guy cum in her before, but feeling Josh cum inside her pussy caused her to orgasm. Josh felt Samantha's pussy tighten and then a lot of pressure. He pulled out, cum still coming from his cock, and was drenched in a flood of juice that shot from Samantha's pussy. Josh watched as Samantha had what looked like to him a seizure, shaking with her eyes glossed over.

She came to and smiled. Josh leaned in and gently kissed her, "Three?" he asked.

"The last one was worth two," Samantha said.

Josh helped Samantha up and the two of them made their way back to the lake. When they got there Kathleen was laying out in the sun. She was on her back with her top untied trying to get rid of lines. He cute little ass was only partially covered by her bikini.

Hearing somebody approach Kathleen turned her head, making sure not to sit up. She saw it was Josh and Samantha. Giving them a weird look, she said, "Where did the two of you go?" Before either of them could answer, she blurted out, "You'll never guess what I saw."

Josh and Samantha gave Kathleen a curious look.

Excitedly Kathleen started to tell her story, "Well Justin and I were swimming and when we got out we didn't see anybody. We got curious and so we called out for the four of you thinking you all were playing some joke on us. Well after a couple of minutes, Justin said we should walk around to try and find where everybody was. Well we started walking towards the camp and after a little while Justin thought he heard something so we followed this trail up a ways and...I don't believe what I saw. I think I am going to be scarred for the rest of my life."

Samantha was now really interested, knowing Kathleen had not seen her and Josh since they had gone off the other way. "Well, what did you see?" she asked.

"I saw Annie and Doug, and they were," Kathleen stopped again and made a weird face, "They were doing it."

"It?" said Samantha, "Don't make up stories, you're talking about Doug."
