 When my friend Cathy asked me if I'd like to go camping with her and her father I jumped at the idea. I like camping and have been out with Cathy and her father before and always had a great time. 

Now that we've both left school and joined the work force it's proved much harder to find time when we're all on holidays together, but by a lucky break we were all scheduled to have holidays in January this year. Mr Dee suggested a week camping to Cathy and she rang me and invited me along. So it's away we go.

It turned out that Mr Dee had been planning the camping trip for a while and had already booked a camping site for us up in the mountains. While the place was pretty basic it did have a decent sanitary block, and I've always found that a plus. Camping is fine, but dropping your panties and piddling behind a bush is always a minus.

We got to our camping site and pitched our tents. It was quite funny really. All our previous trips Mr Dee had the big tent and Cathy and I snuggled together in the smaller one. This time Cathy pointed out to her father how much we'd grown and said that we'd be sharing the larger tent this time. Mr Dee grumbled but agreed.

We had a relaxing first day and Cathy and I sat up late talking about anything and everything. You know how it is when you're doing a bit of catching up. Eventually we both drifted off to sleep and that was it until the next morning.

There's one thing that I always forget about these camping trips and it always comes as a horrible shock when I remember. Well, it's not really remembering but having the matter pointed out to me rather forcefully.

Cathy is an early bird. She wakes up and gets up at the crack of dawn. Me, I spot the crack of dawn, point out that I didn't do it and snuggle back into my sleeping back. I'm quite prepared to stay there until dawn is not only cracked but broken, swept up and put tidily in the bin.

Cathy's way of handling this has been to head off to the sanitary block for an early morning shower and to leave word with her father that she expects me to be awake by the time she gets back. He's another early bird and he always thinks it's funny to tip me out of my sleeping bag to chase after Cathy.

Now look, I'm an adult now. I didn't seriously expect Mr Dee to come in and tip me out of my sleeping bag at my age. And I have to admit he didn't. Do you want to know what the miserable pervert did?

He came into the tent telling me to rise and shine. I lay still, praying he'd go away. Then he unzipped my bag about half way and for one horrible moment I thought I was just going to be turfed out of it, but no.

He slipped his hand into the sleeping bag and it landed on my tummy. Then he felt his way up under my pyjamas until his hand was brushing across my breasts. I squeaked, my eyes popped open and my hand was very quickly tugging his hand away from there.

Did he resist? Of course not. He let me drag his hand away but he sure managed to cop a feel while he was doing it. But instead of taking his hand out of my bag it just went travelling down my body in the other direction.

His hand slipped into my pyjama bottom and settled on my lower tummy, moving back and forth across it while his fingertips threatened to slip under my panties. He didn't go quite that far but it was certainly far enough to wake a girl up, I'll tell you that.

I hurriedly grabbed his hand again and this time I kept hold of his arm until I shoved it clear of the sleeping bag. And there was no way I could pretend that I was still asleep, now was there.

I told Mr Dee what I thought of his perverted sense of humour, but I also finished unzipping the bag. I knew when I was beat. I headed off to catch up with Cathy, whining all the way. Cathy thought the whole thing was hilarious.

I was acutely conscious of Mr Dee for the next hour or so, remembering his hands rubbing across my breasts. He, damn him, acted as though nothing had happened, and probably nothing had as far as he was concerned. After all, it hadn't been his boobs getting groped.

The plain normality of his behaviour eventually soothed my jumpiness and by lunch time I'd forgotten all about it. The only thing that recalled it to mind was feeling his hand on my breast at what felt like 5:00 am the next morning. My actions were almost a repeat of the day before, but I remembered just in time what had followed the breast grope and pushed his hand out of the sleeping bag before he could do anything about teasing around the edge of my panties.

Once again Cathy thought the whole thing funny, and once again I found myself fully aware of exactly where Mr Dee was for the next few hours. This time I remembered when I went to sleep and resolved to get up when Cathy did. 

I managed it, too, scrambling up as soon as Cathy did, leaving the tent with her. Mr Dee was already up and standing outside his tent and the swine winked at me as we passed. I pretended not to notice. Pervert.

So another pleasant day passed, much the same as the previous two. This time when we finally retired for the night I decided that it was going to be my turn to make Mr Dee embarrassed for a change.

In the morning Cathy scrambled up and asked if I was coming. I pretended to be asleep and with a call of "you'll be sorry" she vanished. I snuggled down and waited and yes, I did drift off to sleep.

This time when Mr Dee came groping my breasts I just pushed his hand away, keeping a straight face as I knew what was going to happen next. And it would be his turn to get a shock.

His hand slid under the front of my pyjama bottoms and went sneaking down to tease me by plucking at the waistband of my panties. But I wasn't wearing any. The first Mr Dee knew of it was when he found his fingers were getting tangled up in my short and curlies.

I had assumed that when he found he was groping places he hadn't intended to go that he would snatch his hand away and apologise. Silly me. The brute laughed and tugged on my curls and then, damn him, his hand slid even further down and cupped my pussy.

I ask you? I squeaked and grabbed at his hand and tried to pull it away but he was taking a good feel. He massaged and squeezed and one finger even slipped between my lips and inside me. 

Desperation must have given me extra strength because I then managed to drag his hand free and shortly after that I was with Cathy in the sanitary block. She laughed at me when I came in. I bet she wouldn't have laughed so much if I'd told her that her father had just been fingering my pussy.

If I'd been aware of Mr Dee the previous mornings I was really aware of him this day. I still felt squirmy inside whenever I remembered his finger moving inside me. I kept away from him as much as possible. And it seemed that I'd be rising with Cathy every morning from now until the end of the trip. Fortunately there were only a few days left.

Next morning I was fine. I woke when Cathy did, rose at the same time, and generally relaxed into the day.

The next morning I got shot down in flames again. I just couldn't wake up early two days in a row and I didn't even notice when Cathy left. I caught on that I was in trouble again when I sensed the sleeping bag zip going down. 

What happened after that wasn't my fault. OK, I'll admit I wasn't wearing panties again but that wasn't meant to be an invitation. 

When I realised that the zip was going down I thought I'd forestall Mr Dee by clamping my hands across my tummy so he couldn't get at my breasts. What I hadn't noticed was that he hadn't stopped the zip at the halfway mark. He unzipped all the way.

A flick of his wrist and he'd tossed the top of the bag off me and he didn't make one move towards my boobs. He simply hooked his thumbs onto the waistband of my pyjamas and pulled them down, leaving me exposed to his gaze.

As you can guess, I was somewhat taken aback. I was even more taken aback when Mr Dee didn't reach to grope me down there. What he did was just move my legs apart and then he was kissing me there.

I reached down to push his head away but found my fingers tangled in his hair and his tongue doing rude things to me. I tried to push him away, honestly, but my hands just wouldn't do as they were told. They just tangled themselves in his hair and held on.

I didn't know you could do some of the things his tongue was doing to me. I wanted to scream but thought if I did I might scare him away or something and I just sort of hissed a bit as all these funny feelings came washing over me.

I don't know how long that went on but it seemed like ages. Then Mr Dee suddenly reared back and dropped his trousers and this humongous erection was pointing at me.

Now, I wasn't exactly a virgin, but neither was I what you would call experienced. I'll admit to having entertained boy's toys a couple of times, but only a couple. It was nice but that's about it.

I had never seen a man's meat like this before and there was no way I was going to let him stick that thing in me. By the time I opened my mouth to tell him this it was too later. Talk about a rabbit going into its hole. His cock hit my slit and went streaking into me before I could take enough breath to scream.

Then he stopped, just holding me pinned to the sleeping bag, not saying or doing anything.

Time seemed to stretch while he held me down with that thing, and then I finally managed to get out some words.

"What are you doing?" I asked.

I felt like slapping myself. What was he doing? For crying out loud, it was obvious what he was doing. He was fucking me, and we both damn well knew it. He appeared to take the question seriously, however.

"I'm waiting for you to start pushing up against me," he said, smiling at me.

Push up against him? He had to be kidding. There was nowhere left for him to go. I could practically feel his cock tickling my tonsils from the wrong side. And he wanted me to push up against him?

So I did, and it turned out he did have some more room. And pushing against him made me even more aware of him inside me. I'll swear he seemed to double in size when I pushed.

Next thing I knew he was pulling back and I almost panicked, thinking he was stopping. Stupid of me, because I wanted him to stop, now didn't I? Anyway, when he pulled back I sort of gasped and pushed up at him again, just in time to meet him as he came surging in again.

So there I was, nailed to my little bed by a giant cock, wanting it to pull out and leave me alone, and me wrapping my legs around his waist to make sure he couldn't. I'm just naturally perverse, I guess.

I knew what was coming next. Like I said, I'd entertained a boy's toy a time or two. Once they get started they go like the clappers, finishing in a very messy explosion. I got fooled again.

Mr Dee started moving all right, pulling back and then pushing himself all the way into me while I pushed up to meet him. (Reluctantly, but it was obvious he expected me to.) But he wasn't in a hurry. He was just making these long slow movements that were very quickly driving me out of my tiny mind.

He just went on and on, sliding in, pulling out and then sliding in again, with every little movement sending these delicious ripples through me. 

Did I say slow movements? I thought they were, and he didn't seem to hurry up at all, but I finally found myself being given a right royal pounding, with his cock assaulting me with all the finesse of a jackhammer. 

And I was loving it, damn it all. I was matching his every stroke, my legs holding him firmly as I pushed up to meet each thrust, giving as good as I got. He pounded into me and I took it all.

Quite frankly, I don't think I'd have protested if he'd kept me there all day, but it wasn't to be. Mr Dee suddenly changed his style, and he was giving me shorter harder strokes and I sensed then that things were coming to a close. 

What I didn't expect was that when he let loose inside me he was going to trigger an internal explosion. I didn't know what hit me. I felt that hot wet gush of his seed splashing into me and then I just went up in flames. I could feel myself shuddering under him as he vented himself into me, and I was clinging to him, not wanting to let his cock go while the fires were raging through me.

Afterward, I was lying there gasping, wondering what the hell had happened. Mr Dee just smiled at me.

"Responsive little thing, aren't you," he said. "Now you'd better scramble and catch up to Cathy or she'll come looking."

I was finally registering the fact that I'd had my first real climax. The next boy who tries to seduce me had better be careful, because I'd be demanding he do it properly. I pulled on my pyjamas and shot out of the tent, heading for the amenities. A shower was suddenly high on my list of priorities.

I now had something else that I thought I'd better not discuss with Cathy. The trouble was, I couldn't decide if I'd been raped or seduced. I finally came down on the side of seduction. Forcible seduction, maybe, but I have to admit that at no time did I tell him to stop. I may have intended to a couple of times, but I somehow never quite got around to saying so.

Now you've probably been counting the days so you know that we've still got one days camping left, and you're wondering what happened the next morning. Well, I'm not going to keep you in suspense.

Cathy woke up bright and early as usual, poked me to wake me up, as usual, and said, "This is our last day. We'll have to pack and leave as soon as we're up and I just don't want to. I'm going to do what you do and just lie in this morning."

What could I do? Say "Go away. Your father is going to want to come in and ravish me." That'd go down a treat, wouldn't it? And if I actually got up it would be out of character and Cathy would then get up anyway. So I just lay back and relaxed.

Mr Dee stuck his head in the tent half an hour later and looked at the pair of us lying there relaxing. I was smirking at him and he gave me a look that had all sorts of meaning in it, if I could only interpret them. He just nodded at us, though, and told us to rise and shine. We had to start packing.

So we set off for home. Cathy driving, happy and chatty, Mr Dee next to her, frustrated and quiet, and me in the back, happy and quite willing to chat with Cathy. And if I was maybe feeling just a little frustrated I didn't let it worry me. Mr Dee was a determined sort of a man. I'm sure he'd manage to give himself an opportunity somewhere along the way. I was willing to wait and see.