 Dear Readers, this is my first story written for my lovely girlfriend. Please enjoy and feel free to comment and criticize, any feed back is good back. All characters are 18 years or older and of course the names have been changed to hide our secret identities. 

- - - - - 

The air was warm and the height of the rock face was welcome. The sun was hot on his arms and hair, the top of his head and the back of his neck. He sat on top of a large boulder and stared out over the cliff with growing curiosity of the days to come. The experiences to enjoy. The fun to have. The sun was midway up the sky signifying a well-deserved lunch break soon and his stomach growled in unison with his thoughts. He grinned a small smile and looked down from the boulder to his campers looking up at him. The oldest guys of all the other campers and always on his case. 

"Come on Ethan, we know it's true, we heard the rumours, tell us the story", they would all whine together. 

"Spare us no details. We won't tell the other counsellors you told us". 

They were always after his stories. It's not like his exploits around the camp were any kind of secret, it's always as if in the end someone always heard what was going on in his cabin. He never admitted to them though, just left a slew of dishevelled female counsellors in his wake and a line up of ones to come. 

"Come on boys, let's go for lunch and maybe after we'll go swimming". The boys groaned together. "And if you're lucky I'll get one of the girl cabins to join us", they answered with shouts and catcalls. He paused, staring out at the campers with a look of surprise. "I said, if you're lucky, now move your Asses". The boys ran off down the hill to reach the dinning hall first as the lunch bell sounded in the background. 

Ethan walked slowly down the hill to go for lunch as thoughts emerged of what he and the girl cabin's counsellor were going to do while the campers were going swimming. 

He nodded to the other counsellors as he sat down at his cabin's table and began lunch. Ethan was a badass to his campers, but as it turned out, so was every counsellor. There was this running joke that, at least to the campers, the counsellors were gods, but when it came to Staff Social it was mostly a group of young adults hanging out and being awkward with each other like everyone else. The only trick to the mass counsellor sexcapades that were gong on was that stuck in a camp for 3 months with no outside boyfriends or girlfriend, each counsellor became increasingly horny. And with only one group of people for that outlet, all of the counsellors got to know each other very well. 

And Ethan was nothing special among the others. 6'4, short brow hair, highlighted a little by the constant beating sun. Broad shouldered and somewhat muscular. His shimmering blue eyes swam with something beyond what everyone saw on the surface. His face soft and young looking, but with a certain edge about it. Next to being the camp slut (and that was saying a lot among the counsellors) he was your average camp-guy type. 

- - - - - 

She stood naked in the doorway of the cabin. Her legs long and firm. Her feet planted to the wood of the floor, the balls of them slightly raised and her toes perched. The desired effect of this was the muscles in her legs flexing to hold her higher, looking more toned and muscular then it first appeared. Her stomach was perfect for him, flowing into the curves of her hips and the sides of her abdomen. All the way to her incredible breasts. Both sitting high and heavy, weighted by their size and sticking out firm and youthful. They were curvaceous and beautiful. Her light nipples sat pointed at the ends of silver dollar sized areolas: bumpy with a heightened arousal. Floating on her chest, high and feminine were these most splendid, sexual and mouth-watering tits. They flowed further into her neck and the curves of her arms. They were long and tight like her legs, tipped with fingers that only few knew the touch of. And her neck, oh her neck. It was delicious and forbidden. Creamy like her thighs, smooth like her stomach and as mouth-watering as her breasts. An invitation to dine on this neck, to lick up and down the throat and kiss its every hidden place would be an invite worth dying for. Her shoulders, dainty and resolute, but hiding a hardness to them that couldn't be broken so easily by the rough play she surely enjoyed. Her lips, warm and tempting, definite and feminine, sexy and capable of revealing any emotion to match her eyes. And of course her eyes, alluring and daring. Iridescent and revealing. Her intensions etched deep within their virescent colour, hiding behind their cool eau-de-nil. 

She took one step closer and his eyes opened. The sound of the loon far off down the lake, the acidity of rain hung in the air, the morning dew dripping onto leaves echoed around the camp. He had awoken from the dream drowsy and irritated. What could have been a very good dream, what was his perfect girl, vanished with the night. 

- - - - - 

The day dragged on and on. The sun beat down on Ethan as it ran its daily routine across the sky. It got lower and lower until finally it stretched across the lake in long shadows signifying sunset was near. They had all been called down for one of the trips that were arriving. They had been on a fifteen-day canoe trip and as per usual the camp would meet them with a song as they paddled across the lake and to the shore. As the camp sung he watched his campers fraternize with the females of their age and began to see the tiniest speck of the canoes in the distance. 

Now the summer had only started a little while ago, fifteen days ago to be exact. Although Ethan had been at camp since the beginning of June the rest of the campers and counsellors didn't come until the session started in July. So for Ethan, the three female counsellors who started on this canoe trip fifteen days ago were a mystery to him. As they approached the canoes became clearer and so did the campers and counsellors. As he peered to see them all his stomach lurched and soon he felt nervous and clammy. Although he couldn't see any of their faces yet, something inside him (possibly the butterflies) made him pale. 

They hit the shore hard and as per tradition all began to run to the swim docks to fight their counsellors into the water as the camp cheers them on. It started slowly and without his notice. First she threw off her life jacket, next her hiking shoes. The very short shorts hugged her ass as she ran. Her paddle hit the ground and so did the bandana off her hair. Out sprang dark brown locks of long hair, hints of blond and red spattered among them. Her shirt came off and the bikini top underneath shook with strain as her heavy breasts heaved up and down in them as she sprinted to the docks. Her shorts were next and her bikini bottoms came into view. So did her ass. And so did Ethan's resulting hard on. He hid it behind a towel he had on him as he watched her fall, barely clothed, into the water with her campers. As she emerged, the water fell over her curves as if she was the mother earth and a waterfall ran down her. Pure raw female sexuality incarnate. 

He turned to see where his campers had wondered off to and bumped right into her as he continued to walk down the dock. She looked up and smiled, her eyes locked on his. He melted. 

"Do you mind?" 

He thought she was just being a bitch at first, but her eyes were now on the towel in his arms. Still in shock he shook his head as she reached for the towel and took it out of his hands. She dabbed at her face and neck with it as her eyes widened, and a smile appeared on her luscious lips. She was staring at the semi-tent in his shorts. He blushed at her noticing and composed himself so he wouldn't be embarrassed further. 

He gave her a cocky look and replied to her head-nod at his hard on, "canoes, they always do this to me, why I became a counsellor in the first place". She laughed silently, maybe a little bit too mockingly with a slight scoff in her voice. He smiled again and nodded towards the towel now making its way down her cleavage and further to her stomach. "I expect to see you and my towel at Staff Social tonight." She raised her eyebrow and he turned and walked off, waving to his co-counsellor to bring the kids up for dinner. 

- - - - -

He'd been sitting around one of the tables in the dinning hall at staff social when she came in through the main doors. She was accompanied by a few of the other counsellors. He had discovered through the others that she wasn't a counsellor; in fact she was a tripper. And she was always off site going on trips and helping out counsellors. This didn't put him off from trying to get involved with her, it just might complicate things. Her name was Justine, and she was someone Ethan definitely wanted to get involved with. 

There was something about her movements. The slenderness of her form as she walked. Her body moving in such a seductive manner, her every action calculated to be as sexy as possible. He had to have her, he needed her. And it was after their encounter on the beach that he finally realized why he felt so nervous around her. She was the girl from his dream, the perfect girl, the one he had wanted to touch so badly. And now here she was, in front of him, at his camp, the girl of his dreams. 

It wasn't long before he engaged her. They began talking in the back of the room as the rest of the staff watched a movie and they found they had a lot in common. Shared passed experiences, the same humour, even the same likes and dislikes. And it was the things they argued over that made him smile, the small things, which meant so much to each of them that the other disagreed on. It brought them closer in their need to have the other understand their reasoning. They were both intelligent and cunning; these shared qualities brought them together. 

Besides the obvious connection that was growing between them, there was an atmosphere of sexual energy floating around them. Everyone who walked by noticed it and left them to their conversations. He stared at her eyes as she talked, listening and hanging off her every word. She did the same whenever his lips were moving. He was intoxicated by her presence, drunk on his lust for her. He couldn't look away from her eyes and lips, except when she turned to absentmindedly look away and he would take a quick glance down her top. He couldn't help himself, the need to see every inch of her consumed him. 

She caught him looking a few times, but she loved the attention, especially from him. He must think her odd looking away so many times so he can look down her ample cleavage. She couldn't stop looking at him, he was young looking, but had maturity to him. He carried himself high and acted a little too confident, but she loved it. He knew what he wanted and she hoped it would be her. She was amazed at how much they had in common and how attached she was becoming to him. Her inhibitions were slowly leaving her, her defensive walls caving in. She liked him, lusted him, and she wanted to see where it would go. And when he blushed, she knew he liked her. No one had blushed at her before, no one had been so smitten with her, she was intoxicated by how much he wanted her. 

"It's just mother nature hating you for having fun. Like when it rains after paddling 30km, and won't stop until after you pitch the tents. Then starts up again when you're cooking your last meal, which turns about to be a cold one. It's sometimes ridiculous", he ended with. 

"Yeah I know, but it wouldn't kill her to give me a break. It's payback for all the lewd things I do on her soil", she gave a sly smile. 

He grinned from ear to ear, cocking an eyebrow. "All the lewd things eh, do tell". 

"How about I show you?" She stated it boldly and without hesitation. She looked taken aback by her own words, but at the same time curious for his response. 

"My campers are down at the cabin sleeping, but I like the idea of continuing this conversation in a more private setting". 

She agreed and they departed through the back, the movie still holding the attention of all the others. Wherever his co-counsellor was he didn't know, the top bunk was empty where he should have been. The partition between the counsellor and camper section was thankfully intact (with these boys you'd never know) and Ethan closed the door. 

She came to him fast and swift. At first she was leaning up against the wall, a leg raised to rest her foot behind her, and the next moment she was upon him. Their lips met firmly and the world seemed to disappear. It was blissful, harmonious, beautiful, sexual, lustful, immodest, and shameful, it was rapture. Her lips were wet and warm. They moved around his, sucking and kissing, her tongue licking, pushing them open to allow her access to explore. 

He kissed back, sucking her bottom lip between both of his. Finally accepting her tongue she entangled it with his, its slipperiness turning him on further. He raised his hands to the side of her face and mashed their lips together, he wanted more of her, needed all of her. He wanted to keep kissing her and yet, it was as if he wanted her in him, to be apart of him, to be with him forever. He had never felt this way, but his feelings of love soon became lost among the arousal he was now feeling. 

He bent down to kiss her chin, her neck, licking her throat, sucking on the skin between her neck and shoulder. He pulled her shirt down to suck above her collarbone, and soon moved back up to catch her ear in his lips and finally continue kissing her juicy lips once again. She loved every second of it, his exploration bringing heat to every part of her body. Between her thighs grew an itch that had to be scratched, she started rubbing them together to sooth it. She sucked on his ear, breathing hot breath into it, licking around it, kissing his neck. His stubble was rough against her face and lips, but the raw masculinity made her hotter with need. 

His hand found her ass and his other the top bunk of the bed as he lowered her onto the bottom one. She lay down and he crawled in beside her, his back to the wall. He kissed her and licked her, played with her hair, grasped her amazing breasts between his fingers, barely able to hold a single one in his fist. He palmed her nipple and felt his cock growing harder as her nipple did the same. She reached back and felt his bulge. His shorts straining for his dick to be released, her mouth watered as she grabbed at it forcefully, trying to feel all it had to offer her. 

She grew hot between her legs and looked down to see her shorts undone, and his hand snaking between her skin and panties. He felt his way through her underwear, his fingers brushing over her pubic hair that had gone unshaven because of the canoe trip. He loved how it ticked his palm as he finally groped her delicate folds. His fingers found the sides of her pussy, his thumb, her clit. And very slowly, teasingly, he began to play with her. 

If she had been a musical instrument he would have played a symphony with her. He pulled on the sides of her glistening cunt. Her outer lips caught between his fingers, her inner ones being rubbed by his thumb as it stroked her clit this way and that. Her fragile nub singing a song of pleasure as he rubbed it up and down, side to side and in a figure eight pattern in order to hit every spot. Her pussy was opened wide for his every touch. She writhed beside him; her hands free of his cock and lost in her hair and on his hand already on her breast. She was shaking and violently twitching, his every movement bringing delight to every single pleasure centre in her body. Her lustful mind was on fire and so was her vagina. She didn't have time to show him her skills before he took command and played her pussy perfectly. 

It happened hard and fast. He slipped two fingers inside her soaking wet hole as she clamped down, her inner walls halting his progress and flooding his hand with her warm cum. She writhed further on his fingers, her head tossing from side to side, her arms locked at her sides, her hands in fists, her muscles tensed until finally everything released and she lay spent among his sheets. 

It hadn't been sex. It wasn't raw, sexual, dirty fucking. It was quiet and beautiful. It was feminine and powerful. And he loved every second of it. She hadn't had a man since she started on the trip and he was glad to make her feel this way, to let go of everything, to pass out on his bed. He knew they were both capable of so much more to come, dirty, nasty, rough fucking that could not be repeated to anyone lest they exile them from the camp. Fucking that shouldn't happen because of how dirty he knew they both like it, how nasty their minds and bodies are. He didn't worry though, that was soon to come. 

He slipped off her shorts and folded them on the ground with his own. Her top was basically off so he slipped it over her head and discarded it with the other clothing. He would have left her panties on to hide her womanhood, but they were wet and soiled and so he snaked them down her legs and off her pretty feet. He threw his own shirt off and next his boxers. His rock hard cock felt tight against them, and it welcomed the freedom of the warm evening. He slipped back into the bed where he had been before, nestling in behind her, spooning her beautiful body and pulling the sheet over both of them to cover their shame in the morning. He folded her into his arms and he fell asleep with her, content. Happy that his rock hard dick fit perfectly between her thighs to rest against her hot sex. 

- - - - - 

He felt engulfed in a warm sensation all around his body, his face was flushed, his muscles tensed with his mind slowly shaking him awake. It was only when his eyes opened that he realized it wasn't his whole body engulfed in heat, just his nice hard cock. There she was, further down the bed, her head bobbing up and down on his hot member. Her eyes flashed up at him and he felt his balls lurch a bit, his cum boiling within them, about to cum for her. 

She removed her mouth from him and began to lick the underside of his shaft, from the bottom of his balls to the very tip of his prick. 

"Good morning gorgeous, just repaying the favour for last night", she said with a wink before sucking on the head of his dick like a lollipop. 

He gave a weary smile and lay back; she must have been blowing him for a while before he awoke because he felt tired and eager to cum. She continued with her assault, first sucking him into the back of her throat, his hot dick pressing against the top of her mouth and tickling the very deep parts of her. She pushed him into her cheeks and sucked roughly until he would pop out of her lips, she would lick his most sensitive spots and then swallow him once more. 

It was the rapture again, just like when they kissed. His mind was going crazy, dwelling further into insanity with every lick and suck of her warm, sexy mouth. His cock was hot and throbbing, twitching with sensitivity. Beating with the rhythm of his heartbeat against her soft lips. He was rock hard and burning hot, his balls were tight and heavy, ready to explode into her waiting mouth, or on her beautiful face or drip down her sexy hands. She sucked his balls into her mouth, both of them, and tongued them around until he couldn't take it any longer. 

"I'm gonna, I'm gon...gonna", he panted. 

She smiled up with his dick in her mouth and sucked even harder. He couldn't take it, everything had happened so fast after he had woken up. He was too turned on by her and he couldn't hold back a second longer. He exploded. He came as hard as he ever had before. It came out in ropes of jizz and hit the back of her throat with its warm and bitter, salty flavour. Her eyes went wide as she tried to swallow all that he had to offer. She loved to swallow cum, the sensation of it running down her throat, warm and thick, made her tingle. He threw his head back and felt it boil from his balls and out his shaft, rope and rope until he lay spent upon the bed. He looked up to see cum dripping out the sides of her mouth, whatever she couldn't swallow. As he popped out of her mouth he came once more, and with great effort, the rope landed on her cheek. She gave another wanton smile, scooped up the cooling cum with her finger and sucked it dry in her mouth with the rest she had missed. 
