 As she emerged into the room wrapped only in a small towel, I couldn't believe what my eyes were showing my brain. The sight of this lovely creature had me transfixed and left my mouth hanging open in disbelief. I had never seen anything so beautiful in my life.

Lilly was her name, and God has blessed this woman with all he had to give. She was his handy work in all its glory. The towel was small but fit her like it was made for just this occasion. It was wrapped just above the upper slope of her perfect breasts and ended just below her magnificent ass. A small hint of her pubic hair was visible as was the bottom curve of her luscious ass.

The scene was perfect and my fantasy was about to come true.

I had wanted this woman since the first time I saw her. I was working in a convenient store late one night when she walked into my life and at that moment I knew I had to be with this woman no matter what it took.

We had talked on several occasions when she would enter my store, yet it took several weeks before I made my move. I finally began to flirt with this amazing woman and as time went on I found myself getting bolder. As luck would have it she was the one who became bold and one night totally blew me away.

She walked into the store and as we talked, I noticed her tattoos and asked about them. To my surprise she had one on her ass and without even thinking about it, she hiked up her skirt and pulled her panties to the side and showed it to me. I couldn't tell you what it was due to the fact that my eyes were glued to the most perfect ass I had ever seen.

I instantly became hard and could feel myself become lightheaded as I looked at this beautiful woman. The show, however, didn't end there. As she was about to leave me with, I'm sure, a dumbfounded look on my face, she turned and flashed me her perfect breasts. I had died and gone to heaven or hell if you consider the fact that she left me with the hardest erection I think I have ever had.

I couldn't think of anything else for weeks. Every time she came back to the store I tread just a little further each time. I had to be with this woman. After seeing what I saw on top of the fact that I had already thought of her as a Goddess, I had to find some way to be with her.

Finally my patience had paid off. One night I simply asked her to be with me. I never in a million years thought she would say yes. After a few hit and miss episodes we finally hooked up late one night or should I say early morning. I had gotten off work early and picked her up at the bar next to my store. I rented a motel room and we went inside to start the best three hours of my entire life.

It all started simply enough. We talked for awhile and she thanked me for being so patient with her, like I was going to do anything else, I had to have her and I would have waited till hell froze over to get that chance. She then suggested I take a shower. I wanted her to take one with me but that was not to be this night. When I finished with mine she was next. That is when I knew my life would never be the same.

You know how some women just look so sexy in a man's button up shirt? This was the same thing. When she came out of the bathroom in that short, little towel, I thought I had died and went to heaven. She walked to the bed and pulled down the covers and then just as pretty as you please, laid down on the bed and undid the towel. There she was in all her glory and I saw the most magnificent sight I had ever seen. This woman was perfect.

Her breasts were just a perfect handful and the softest and smoothest flesh I have ever had the privilege of touching. Every inch of her skin was smooth as silk and I couldn't get enough of her. She smelled so sexy and between the scent and sight of her, I was intoxicated.

Then without any warning, she let her hand stroll down between her legs and began to stroke her clit and that beautiful pussy. Now this woman is a small thing and her pussy looked even smaller. She had just a hint of hair at the top and these small lips that just begged to be liked and stroked. Her whole pussy from bottom to clit looked to be no more than six inches and I wondered if I would ever fit in it.

As she stroked herself, I began to lick and nibble on her perfect right breast. Her moaning had increased and I had to watch her stroke that lovely pussy. I kissed and licked my way down her stomach and then her leg until I had a perfect view of her hand massaging that hard little clit. I didn't watch for ling though. I couldn't. I had to taste her. I repositioned myself between her legs and slowly began licking her lower pussy, sticking my tongue right into her small hole. She smelled so wonderful and tasted even better. My head began to swim and I knew I was addicted to this woman. 

I couldn't help myself and ate that succulent pussy for more than an hour. At times I had to slow down for fear she would hyperventilate. I loved hearing her moan and scream "Oh my God that feels so fucking good". At one point she began to cum in Spanish. Saying things that I had no idea what they meant but I didn't care. It sounded so sexy and it sent me over the edge again and I renewed my assault on that beautiful pussy.

She finally asked me to stop saying that she couldn't take anymore. When I stopped her legs were shaking and she was breathing so had I thought she might pass out. Which she almost did. She lay there trying to regain herself and I just lay beside her looking at he beautiful body and gently stroking her skin from her breasts to her legs.

I continued this for about fifteen minutes while she dozed off and regained her strength, but watching her lay there like that got to me and I began to lick her again. I licked her from her sexy little brown bud to the top of her clit. She began to moan and wake at the same time and it started all over again. She was so wet by then and I inserted a finger inside of her tight pussy and began to stroke her while I lapped her pussy. I then place my middle finger against her little brown hole and slid my finger inside. She went wild and begged for more. I had no idea she would react like this and it just fueled my fire as well.

This went on for about another ten to fifteen minutes and I couldn't take it anymore. I had to have her. She then got on her knees and the sight that greeted me was beyond any words. That perfect ass was there in front of me and I had to taste it. I dove face first and began to lick her little brown hole and pussy from behind and from the sounds and moaning, I knew she wanted more. I couldn't stop but my cock was hard as a rock and I had to feel that tight pussy wrapped around me. 

I repositioned myself and no sooner had I placed the head of my cock at her entrance; she shoved back and took me all the way to the hilt. God I had never felt anything like it. It was simply amazing. She was so tight I thought I would cum in that very instant. I shove my rock hard cock as far into her as I could and just kept up the pace. At times I had to slow to a crawl for fear of Cumming to soon and ending a perfect fantasy come true. It wasn't to last long enough though. Within a short time I came deep inside her and the sensation was almost more than I could bear. To my surprise I remained hard. I wanted her ass though. She told me to take her ass but go slow. The only problem was that she was so tight I couldn't get in. I wish I had. I know the feel of that ass would have made everything perfect but it was not to be this night. I re-entered her magnificently tight pussy and lasted longer this time but still not long enough. She was so tight it was like fucking a virgin. I exploded a second time deep inside her and that was it for me. The sensations were to much for me and her pussy too tight. I had to pull out and end the perfect night.

I have left some things out simply because I want to keep some of it just for me to remember. Some of this night are only to be shared between her and I. I will take this memory to my grave with me and be smiling all the way.

I hope you have enjoyed this and if I ever hook up with her again I will let you know what happens. By the way, she is twenty years younger than me. Not bad for an old man, huh?