 Dear Readers, 

This is a continuation of the first chapter of the story by the same name. I suggest reading that one first to get a better context for this one. Please feel free to comment, rate and favourite if you enjoy this story. Any feedback is good feedback. Once again this story is for my beautiful lover who I miss dearly being so far apart from her. Enjoy. 





Ethan spent the rest of the day with his campers and enjoying the simple, and paid, life that made up his summer. After dinner they all made their way to the cabin and after a long while had eventually gotten the boys to go to sleep. Or at least quietly whisper and laughing until they pass out, and he'll hear the regrets tomorrow morning. It had been a long day and with the absence of Justine in the afternoon it had been even more uneventful. As his head hit the pillow and his hands moved to rest under it he felt something beneath the fabric. As he got up and threw off his pillow he found a letter sealed with a kiss in red lipstick. 

With a sly smile he opened it and began to read to himself. To Whom It May Concern. Well hello there. If you've found this letter then you should firstly know that there is a very naked and horny girl awaiting your arrival on Crested Island approximately 7.5km from your present location. She suggests you wait until tomorrow night (for said naked and horny girl should have arrived and settled in by this time) and for you to stealthily canoe to said location to convene with said naked and horny girl for a midnight tryst of sorts. Tryst: "a private and romantic rendezvous between lovers". She is patiently awaiting your arrival. Come alone, come naked and hopefully cum on me. Until then. Signed your Horny and Sexy Girl. 

He read the letter several more times before finally ending the night with a well needed orgasm and fell asleep with the thoughts of tomorrow night on his mind. 

The next day was long, very long. Justine had left in the morning for the trip since it took the younger girls a little longer to paddle less then 10km. Mostly it was because the back lakes were a fun canoe ride. Only one canoe had the packs so the others would play games on the way and be soaked by the time they arrived. Back lake trips were for the counsellors mainly because they were the easiest and the best time to relax and enjoy a few days off. By the time dinner came Ethan was jumping out of his seat for a chance to canoe over and see her. 

Luckily it was going to be his day off the next day anyways. He told his co-counsellor that he was going to stay in the cabin this night, but might not be back anytime the next day. He gave the story that he might head into town and enjoy a few comforts before returning the morning after to wake the kids. 

A little while later the campers were finally asleep and his co-counsellor with them. Ethan had packed a few clothes in a backpack, a bit of food and of course a few extra goodies. Silently he snuck out of the cabin with his pack and made his way down to the canoes. With his paddle in hand he heaved the canoe into the water as quietly as possible and shoved off. A little more then an hour later he had come upon the island. 

From where he was on the lake, even with the strong wind he could make out a campfire and two of the three leaders sitting at it talking. As he reached the shore and hastily tied up the boat, discarding his paddle and bag into it, he found it was Justine and Julie. The other counsellor, Meghan had obviously gone to sleep. Checking his watch, just before midnight, he crept closer to the edge of the camp and waited. 

It wasn't long before Julie got up to leave and left Justine sitting by the fire alone. And there she sat, beautiful, divine, exquisite. He watched her for a few minutes longer. The way she stretched out on the ground to push her bare feet closer to the licking flames. The glow of the flames danced on her tanned body, leaving hazy traces of red and yellow itching at her skin. Her arms behind her propped her up and her head laid back, exposing her tender neck. Ethan could almost taste her skin from where he hid, could almost feel it against his lips. She had him in the throes of passion already and the night hadn't even begun. 

After a few moments she had got up and began cleaning up the camp for the morning. Every once in a while she would stop and look out at the lake, most likely anticipating his arrival. He smiled at the thought of her being so anxious and nervous. She cleaned up as best she could and finally attached the food pack to a rope already wrapped around a high branch on the tree. As she began to tie the pack before hoisting it up Ethan silently approached. Before she had any idea what was happening he stepped in behind her and put a hand over her mouth. She jerked in terror, but he whispered in her ear. 

"Shh, it's okay, it's me. If you want what you've been waiting for all day you have to be quiet though. Okay?" 

She nodded against his hand and so he removed it. As she began to spin around to meet his gaze he stopped her and held her facing away from him. Reaching to his pocket he removed a bandana and while whispering encouragement into her ear wrapped it around her eyes and tied it tight. 

"If I can't see, how am I supposed to be at my best?" She queried. 

"As long as you stay on your best behaviour and be quiet, you don't have to do anything but enjoy yourself", he answered. 

He took a moment to enjoy the situation. Here he was standing behind the most beautiful girl of his dream. Her arms were at her sides, her hands in fists, unable to see because of the blindfold. Her hair was dishevelled and wild from the wind, but sexier then ever. The green shirt she was wearing was raised slightly and rode just above her naval. Her brown shorts tight against her ass and pinching into her thighs to reveal something Ethan wanted very badly. The wind was smooth and came in waves just as the water did as it hit the shore. It would be very easy to hide the occasional moan with how loud the elements were. 

Very gently he took her wrists and put them together in front of her. Taking the untied rope from the food pack and tying it around her wrists. Before she had any inkling of what he was doing he hoisted her arms into the air and tied off the rope against the tree. She gave a slight gasp. He stepped closer to her ear. 

"Look at you, all helpless and under my control. If you scream for help I'll disappear and all they will find is a bound and naked slut", he said the final word with emphasis. "I've been waiting all day to do this, to do everything to you. And you're going to stand here helpless and take everything I give you. Is that understood?" She nodded. He pulled down her shorts to her ankles and slapped her ass. "I'm sorry?" She nodded again and replied in a weak voice. This time he pulled down her panties and slapped her ass. The sound rang around the campsite. This time she answered; "Yes, I understand". 

He was already hard, his cock straining against his own shorts. Here he was standing just on the edge of the campsite, the fire burning down, the light disappearing and a very naked and tied up girl hanging for all the girls to see. If even one of them came out, oh the consequences to both of them. 

Justine stood bound and blindfolded. Unable to stop what he was doing, but not daring to anyways. She was already dripping wet and aching from the inside out. The power, the control, it was all his and he wasn't going to give any to her. He started from the top to the bottom. She could feel him standing in front of her when his lips met hers. It was bliss, his warm lips against hers. Melding together, their tongues intertwining. Her heart swelled and her skin tingled. 

He moved to her neckline and then to her ear. Kissing and licking, pulling and nibbling. He kissed down to her throat and over where her neck met her chest. Back up to her collarbone, her shoulder, while his other hand held onto the other side of her neck, moving slowly down to her breast. He grasped one of them hard and she let out a little scream. It had hurt her, but the pleasure outweighed the pain. He pushed up her shirt so it exposed her velvety flesh and his tongue found a nipple. He licked and pulled on it with his lips. The wind dancing against it turning them both hard. She was reeling from the excitement of the whole ordeal. 

He kneaded the other breast he wasn't sucking on and pinched and pulled at her nipple. Tugging it away from her fleshy mound before letting it go again. He moved behind her. His hands reaching around her to grasp both of her breasts and began to rub and caress them. She could feel his hardness against her. His hot dick waiting to explode from his shorts and drive into her until she panted with satisfaction. His lips found the side of her neck, his stubble tickling her shoulder and the pressure beginning to form a hickey. 

He started to crouch and his lips made their way down from her neck to the top of her back. Kissing and licking, wet and soft. Down her back, along her side, his hands kneading her skin on her hips until finally he was kissing the top of her ass. His hands found her cheeks and squeezed them together. She couldn't help but give out a loud moan and he slapped her again on her right cheek. It jiggled under the force and his cock became harder in his shorts. He loved her ass, and it was going to be his all night. 

"Be quiet my little tied up whore. Every time you make a noise I slap you louder so that maybe someone will come out and discover your predicament," he whispered up to her. 

He began to kiss and lick her cheeks as his hands grasped up her body. Feeling her tits, pulling on them, grabbing at her stomach and hips, her thighs, and calves. And running delicately over her pussy. She definitely had had time to shave herself since their last encounter and he loved the feeling of her amazingly smooth cunt. He stepped around her until he faced her pretty pussy and slowly parted her legs to have better access. His tongue found her outer folds and played with them forcefully. Moving them aside so he could get at her inner lips, and the little skin that hid her clit. He ran his wet tongue in and out of her slit, tasting her juices, making her more wet, bringing more cum forth. 

She sighed against his mouth, and writhed on the ropes as his lips encircled her clit and began to suck. She couldn't believe the feeling, if only he had done this before. Why hadn't he done this before? He was amazing. His lips pressed against the skin around her most sensitive spot, but he tongued her clit from inside his mouth. She was incredibly sensitive and responsive, but he seemed not to care. And she loved it. Most guys would stop too early, but he knew what he was doing. He held on tight to her cunt and brought one of his hands up, and two fingers to the entrance to her pussy. He entered her slowly, but easily thanks to her juices. She was overwhelmed. He was tonguing and sucking her clit, as he fingered her insides. His two fingers making a 'come hither' motion against her inside wall, which seemed to push against the underside of the spot he was sucking on. 

She couldn't take anymore and before long he had her cumming against his lips and dripping drop after drop of juice into his mouth. She writhed against the ropes, shaking and straining, her wrists most likely bruising from the force. When she stopped and lay spent, slumping against the knots he finally detached from her clit. He kissed her mound and stood up, leaning in to kiss her. She could taste herself on him and it spurred her on further. 

"Fuck me," she gasped out as their lips parted. 

In response he stripped down quickly, grabbed her hips and lifted her. She wrapped her legs around his waist. Her wrists still bound above her head high in the air. She could feel his nakedness, his warm cock pressing against her ass cheeks. His strong chest against hers and his sweat and skin rubbing and touching her perfect tits. Her nipples flicking against his. With agonizing slow precision, he lowered her onto his dick. His head strained against her opening. Her juices lubricating him, dripping down the shaft and mixing with his precum. She felt the slow and inaudible pop as his bulbous head moved her muscles aside and drove into her. Followed by his thick shaft as he lowered her further down onto him. She gave a silent scream, her mouth opening, until finally his balls rubbed just near her asshole. 

If she had had her hands free they would be in her own hair. Her pussy was on fire, dripping and aching, needing to be fucked. They stood there for a minute, not moving and then he lifted her up and forced himself in and out of her. He started hard and fast. With her hands bound above her head she couldn't do anything except try not to fall off. He slammed in and out of her. The stray hairs on his balls tickling her cheeks, his shaft rippling up through her, pushing her muscles aside and straining against her deepest parts. Whatever he was hitting inside her felt incredible. His head pushed up through her and over her G-spot. She gasped every time and he grunted quietly as he bounced her on him. 

His hands were grabbing her ass, forcing her slick pussy onto and over his dick. He could hear every noise they made as their skin slapped together, their juices squelched and the rest of their sweaty bodies rubbed together. She felt his hands move further down her ass to grab her lower and before she had time to react he was spreading her apart, one of his fingers slipping into her asshole. She was beside herself. Every time he forced her limp body onto his cock her ass slipped further over his finger, getting deeper and deeper into her. With every thrust she was begging for more, begging for both of the invading probes to go further, deeper, harder. She whispered into his ear as much, panting against him until finally her second orgasm came in waves. At first she was tightening against him. Her pussy grabbing at his dick as her juices exploded over him, running down his shaft and further down his legs. Next her ass tightened just as much and she twitched a second time as another orgasm followed. 

He continued to drive into her. Forcing her onto his dick, forcing his finger and now fingers into her ass as she twitched and writhed on him. She pushed out two more orgasms right after the others until she collapsed against him. With her still holding onto him he lowered her down, held onto her with one arm under her breasts, and untied the ropes from her wrists with the other. She slumped against him and they both collapsed to the ground. She was basically sitting on him. Holding onto him now. Her lips trying to kiss every inch of him she could get them on. He grabbed her face between his hands and kissed her, slipping the blindfold over her eyes and head as he did. 

She could finally see him. Not that she could see much of anything right now. Her mind was racing, her eyes adjusting to the near darkness, blurring with the effort. She could see him and he was beautiful. He had just made her cum five times as she stood strung up and she couldn't be happier, but her hunger was far from being satisfied. He stared back into her eyes and stood up. Hoisting her up in his arms, cradling her against him. She clung to him, naked as he carried her to her tent. He unzipped the fly, and the tent and lowered her inside onto her sleeping bag. It was opened and lay covering the entire floor. He ducked out and grabbed their clothes, fixing the food pack and finally coming back in, zipping the tent up behind him. 

She had turned on a small lamp and admired his body as he climbed in. She was lying on her side, propping her head up on her hand and making lazy circles down her thigh with her fingers. 

"You know you're gorgeous", she told him. 

"You're not so bad yourself. If you weren't such a prude I'd probably have fucked you by now", he answered with a wink. 

She laughed. The laugh he loved. With the cute little giggle at the end, her nose wrinkling, and her stomach and chest rising with the effect. He loved every part of her. 

"Please just come lie with me for a minute. My favourite part so far was when we slept together that first night. Having you against me, in your arms. It was perfect. It was safe. It was so nice." 

"Really?" He smiled at her. "That was your favourite part?" She laughed again. 

He lay down beside her, on his back, she reached over and lay into his chest, her arm draping over him, her leg doing the same. They just lay there for about an hour. Him; slowly running his hand up and down her back. Her; breathing slowly on top of him, her hand against his chest and his heartbeat in her ear. After a little bit her hand moved from his nipple down to his waist and finally to his cock. It was still semi-hard, but she was determined to change that. She grasped it tightly and began to slowly pump him up and down. Giving an extra squeeze of his head as she pulled upward. 

With every pump he would let out a moan. She couldn't stop looking from his hardening cock, getting so big in her hand, to the content look on his face, his eyes closed tightly as if trying to fight off the urge to cum. 

She stared lustfully up at him from her position. Grasping his cock firmly and begging forth the cum she knew he had still boiling in his balls. She couldn't help herself, she felt so naughty, so depraved. All she wanted was for him to fuck her and not care about anything else in the world. She pulled herself up until her lips were level with his ear and slowly began kissing and licking his earlobe. Moving down to his neck and throat, sucking and biting his tender flesh. 

She moved closer to his ear and whispering to him as she pumped his cock harder and faster. "Dominate me you dirty man. Make me your little slut and show me whose boss." 

He could barely contain himself. She expertly stroked his dick as she whispered dirty things into his ear, begging to be fucked. The hair on the back of his neck stood up, and if possible his rigid cock became harder against her palm. 

He grabbed her wrist, halting her stroking of his hard member. Sitting up he pulled her wrist with him until he was looking down at her on his knees. He jerked her down so she was underneath him, pinning her wrist against the pillow by her head, and reaching out to do the same to her other hand. 

He lowered himself so his lips were level with her chest, slowly inching his tongue out to lick her right nipple. Flicking it back and forth, feeling her squirm. Finally pressing his lips against her and sucking the warm and inviting flesh into his mouth. He sucked soft and then hard, nibbling a little as he explored her. Moving over to her other nipple and doing the same, she was his to command. 

"Flip over", he urged her in a commanding voice. This was not a request. 

Seeing the look in his eyes she rolled over until her gorgeous ass stared up at him. She bent her head forward, pressing her forehead into the pillow as he raised her hips with his hands, until she was presenting herself to him, her legs spread, her assets winking at him. 

She hadn't expected his tongue to find her slit. He was kneeling behind her before she knew it. Rubbing his wet tongue across and over her folds, sucking her lips with his and forcing himself into her hole. He was consumed with lust, the need to taste her. Slowly he began licking more upward until his tongue found her tight and sexy ass. He tongued around her opening, pushing a little inside, listening to her moans, and then rimming her once again. 

He couldn't take anymore and neither could she. "Fuck me please", she begged. "I'll do anything you want just stick your dick in me and make me squeal". 

That was all he wanted to hear. Just her begging for it, telling him what she wanted. It was all too much, and everything he wanted. He raised himself up, his hard cock level with her cunt. Slowly at first he teased her folds. Grabbing hold of her hips and ass cheeks he moved her up until she was resting on her hands in the perfect doggy style position. She was dripping and he knew it. He could feel her moisture running over his cock. And before she knew it he had entered her, hard and fast. 
