 My wife Logan and I were on a camping trip with our best friends, Kate and Ashton.

***

Kate is a stunning, leggy redhead with a perfect figure and amazing breasts. During the last few years that we've known each other, I've fantasized (plenty!) about her!

The four of us are close enough that we're always at each other's houses or on trips together, and we're comfy enough together that we've all changed clothes in front of each other as well. So, I've had the pleasure of seeing her only in her panties and bra plenty of times but never nude!

***

On that particular trip, we all had a pretty big night and Kate, myself, and another camper were the only three still awake and drinking. My wife and Kate's husband had crashed hours earlier. At about two o'clock, Kate and I were the only two left drinking around the fire.

"Christopher, we should be off to bed, too, as we have another big day of hiking ahead."

She went to grab her PJs from her bag next to her and Ashton's tent then came back over to me to change.

"I don't want to wake up Ashton."

"Yeah, I don't mind, my dear. Let them sleep."

I took off my T-shirt and shorts but left my boxers on. She slid her pants off of her long, gorgeous legs, which revealed a very cute, little, pair of red, cotton panties and a beautiful camel toe. I tried not to make it obvious that I was looking. She pulled her PJ bottoms up and took her top off, which showed me her lacy, black bra.

She started to unclip her bra.

"No peaking, babe."

I giggled.

"Of course not, my dear. You're right peaking would be so wrong."

I wasn't staring at her amazing breasts, but I was sure we both knew I was watching. What I didn't think she knew was how horny she was making me! That was the first time I'd ever seen her breasts completely naked—my heart was racing!

"Would you please walk me to the toilet, babe?"

"Yeah, no worries. I need to go, too."

We both took the last sip from our drinks, I grabbed my flashlight, and we started our short journey—the washroom was about five hundred feet away from our camp. I would've been happy to piss behind a tree, but the girls usually used the "loo" as they called it.

There was no moon and plenty of clouds that night, so it was pitch black. The "loo" was a large, brick shed with a tin roof and only one drop seat toilet inside.

"You can go first, Kate."

"Can I use your flashlight, please?"

I joked back.

"What! And leave me out in the dark?"

"I suppose you can go in and hold it for me, but no peaking!"

We went inside and closed the door. I thought she sounded as if she was possibly a little uncomfortable.

"Chris, you can go first."

I handed her the flashlight, smiled, and joked.

"No peaking, Kate."

I pulled my cock out of my boxers and started to pee. There was quite a lot as we'd been drinking for a few hours. Kate aimed the flashlight directly at my cock but wasn't saying a word.

I joked.

"I hope you're not looking."

She very cheekily giggled.

"No! Not at all!"

I knew she was staring, and that sent a shiver through my whole body. I finished and shook it off.

"What? You're not going to wipe it?"

I laughed.

"Not usually, my dear, but if you'd like me to?"

She stepped up next to me, tore off some paper, and gave it to me.

"You'll get pee all over you if you don't."

I indulged her odd request by bending my cock up, so the head was facing me, and wiped it off with the paper.

I teased.

"Happy now, my dear?"

She giggled while still staring at my cock.

"Out of the way, it's my turn!"

I flipped my cock back into my boxers and took the flashlight from her. She turned and held her pants as she stood in front of the toilet.

"Where are you looking? I can't see your face over the light."

I laughed.

"Just pee already."

She started to pull her pants and panties down but then paused, revealing only the top of her pubic bone.

"What's that, Chris?"

"What's what?"

She giggled.

"You have a boner!"

I realized, straight away, that I did and quickly responded.

"No, I don't."

"You do! Pull your boxers down, I want to see!"

"Really?"

"Take your boxers off and show me, or I'm not going to pee in front of you. It's only fair, Chris."

I did as she asked and took them off.

"Show me with the light."

I aimed it at my rock-hard, throbbing cock.

"Wow! I never thought you were so big!"

I nervously giggled.

"Thanks! I think?"

"Ashton isn't circumcised like you are. Yours is much bigger! I like it! Why are you so hard?"

"I'm excited."

"At what? I'm just peeing, babe."

I laughed.

"Are you serious? I saw your gorgeous breasts, you were standing here and staring at my cock while I peed—no one's ever watched me pee before—and now I'm about to watch you pee! On top of never seeing a girl pee before, I'll get to see your pussy, too! How could I not be standing here with a boner?"

She giggled as she pulled her pants down and revealed her perfectly shaven pussy.

I nervously stammered as she sat down.

"You...you...you're perfect."

"So, the thought of watching me pee really is getting you hot?"

"You're not grossed out, are you, Kate?"

"No, not at all, babe! In fact, watching you has made me dripping wet already! It's all very naughty, but I like it!"

"I can't see you pee because of the way you're sitting."

"If I sit so you can see, I'll get pee everywhere."

I desperately wanted to see her pee.

"So? We're in an outhouse in the middle of the bush. What does it matter? Its only pee."

A very cheeky smile formed on her face.

"Ok!"

She took her PJ bottoms and panties off.

"Hold these for me."

"What about you're top? I mean, I've been naked while standing here with my cock out for you to look at all of this time."

She took it off and flung it at me. She looked incredible while sitting there butt naked. Everything about her was perfect!

She warned me as she sat on the edge of the toilet seat.

"Don't blame me if I get it on you?"

She leaned all of the way back and spread her legs as wide as she could.

My voice shook.

"I won't mind, my dear."

I watched as she slid her hand down her tummy and spread her glistening pussy wide open for me to see. I was breathing hard, and I could feel my cock throbbing.

She had a gorgeous smile on her face.

"Ready?"

I begged.

"Please do!"

I watched as her steaming-hot pee started to trickle out of her pussy and dribble down the back of her legs. As she giggled, little spurts of pee came out with each stomach contraction. I was wildly pulling my cock by that then.

I could see her ass hole clench down as she pushed hard. Piss was rushing from her wide open pussy with an incredible whooshing sound. It was squirting a good two feet out from her and soaking my bare feet and shins.

She could tell I was loving every drop that touched me as I edged closer to her. She pulled back the two fingers that held her pussy open, which lifted the gushing stream of her hot, steaming piss up even higher.

Somewhere between how naughty it was to see my buddy's wife like that while cheating on mine, and to be letting this goddess squirt her piss all over my legs, made me want her more than ever. I wanted to drop to my knees so she could pee right in front of my face.

Her stream started to slow as she was squirting the last bits out. It was amazing to watch her gorgeous, tight, little asshole clench and relax every time she pushed. As the last streams of piss came out, they were going all over her legs because she was using two fingers to madly finger her clit. When she ran out of pee, she slowed her fingers down.

"Chris, that was fucking hot! We're both covered in piss, though! I'm sorry!"

Drops of pre cum were trickling from my knob as I still slowly played with my cock. 

"Are you kidding? I loved every second! Don't you dare apologize!"

"Can you pass me some toilet paper please?"

I dropped to my knees and into the puddle of Kate's (still warm) piss all over the floor.

"Not a chance!"

I grabbed her knees and pushed them apart nice and wide as I started to lick her piss off of the insides of her amazingly soft thighs. She started to moan and thrust her hips, so I knew she wanted more. I started to lick the piss drops off of her gorgeous, little ass cheeks. Finally, I lapped up what was still dripping from her very swollen, red, and hot pussy lips!

She was delicious! It was an incredible mix of her salty, hot pee and her amazingly sweet twenty-six year old pussy juice. I slid two fingers inside of her and finger-fucked her with them while I licked and sucked on her hard, swollen little clit.

It wasn't long before she came and convulsed on the toilet seat!

As she stood up, she pulled me up with her and kissed me with her tongue deep in my mouth. We stumbled outside where she dropped to her knees, started to suck my cock, tugged it with her hand, and thrust it deep into her throat.

She pulled me down with her, pushed me onto my back, and whispered.

"I'm on the pill."

She demanded!

"Fuck me hard and fill me with your hot cum!"

I laid back, sucked at her amazing tits, and groped at her tight ass while she roughly grabbed my cock and shoved it into her dripping, spread pussy as she straddled me. She started to moan as she pumped up and down on my cock, smashing and grinding her pussy hard against me to get my cock as deep into her as she could.

I used a finger to find her luscious, tight, little asshole—it was already slippery from her pussy juices flowing earlier. I gently slid my finger inside and began pumping it in and out of her while she fucked me.

She muttered through her muffled moans.

"I'm going to cum."

She moaned!

"I'm cumming, I'm cumming!"

As she did, her pussy was pulsating and squeezing up and down on my cock as her asshole clenched and released on my finger. It was all I could take—I pushed my finger as far into her ass as I could, buried my cock as deep as I could into her pussy, and came!

I was sure I came harder than I ever had before. I felt my cock pulsing as it pumped more and more cum inside of her. She was still cumming while her pussy was squeezing my cock in its waves of convulsions, and it felt as if there was no end to the amount of cum pumping from my cock! Finally, we both just laid there, panting.

I breathed into her ear.

"Kate, you are amazing!"

She smiled and began kissing me again.

"Chris, I think that was long overdue. I've wanted you inside of me for so long! You can have me whenever you want me, baby!"

I giggled.

"Kate, I've wanted you for just as long."

"I've never cum that hard, baby!"

"It was the same for me! It was incredible!"

"I've never seen a circumcised cock, never watched a guy pee, and never peed for or on another guy, let alone have him lick me clean! And I've never had a finger in my ass before! I won't forget this night!"

She laughed.

"I think if you would've cum any more, it'd be coming out of my ears!"

"It was huge, hey!"

"I feel so full! It feels incredible!"

I had a cheeky grin.

"Show me how full you are."

She slowly slid my cock from her pussy and sat on the ground next to me with her legs spread. I watched as she squeezed cum from inside of her swollen pussy. We giggled as she "pussy farted" then again and again as little pussy farts were coming out as she laughed. They sounded so wet and sloppy. As she continued to push, my cum continued to ooze from her...it just kept coming!

"Oh, my god, baby! I told you there was heaps!"

With each push, another dollop of cum would drip out of her pussy with plenty of sloppy-wet pussy farts as well. When it finally stopped dripping from her, there must've been over a quarter cup or so on the ground. The puddle had spread across the ground and was lapping against her asshole, which was clenched on ever push.

We sat for a while, chatting, and then decided we should clean up and leave. Before letting her up, I leaned over, gave her clit one last lick and suck, and tickled her cum covered ass hole with my finger.

She teased.

"Don't, or I'll fuck you again!"