 Crystal yawned and stretched, shifting uncomfortably in the passenger seat of the Truck. They had been driving over three hours now, and it wasn't even 9:00am. On a lot of Saturday mornings, Crystal wouldn't even be awake at 9:00am. 

"I really can't believe I let you talk me into this," she said to Jason. 

"Sweetheart, trust me," Jason said with a smile, "you're gonna love camping. There's just something about nature..." 

"Yeah, the bugs and the wild animals," Crystal replied. 

"Come on, did I complain when you took me to that French movie where they sat and ate fondue for two hours?" Jason asked. 

"Yes, and you're still complaining," Crystal shot back. 

Jason smiled, and rested his hand on Crystal's upper thigh. "Okay, but I didn't do any complaining last night, did I?" Now Crystal had to smile - last night had been incredible. 

She had been splayed out across the bed, wearing just her crotchless panties, while Jason had brought her to an incredible orgasm, his tongue flicking ever so gently at her clit while his thumb, deep inside pussy, rotated over her G-spot. Crystal had returned the favor, sucking and licking Jason's nice fat dick for a good ten minutes, then sliding it into herself and riding him for ten minutes more. Their mouths locked onto each others, they orgasm simultaneously, Crystal collapsing down on Jason, neither wanting, or able, to move, as they drifted off into a sound sleep. 

"Yeah, that was some session," Crystal said. "And the best part was, when we were finished, we fell asleep in a nice, soft, warm bed, with a frigging roof over our heads." 

Jason removed his hand from Crystal's thigh, and switched on the radio. "Maybe a little music would make the ride go quicker," Jason said as he found a country station. 

Jason and Crystal stayed silent for a few miles, but she wasn't really mad, and soon they were back to be being themselves. They chatted, caught up on things, stopped for a nice lunch at a cute 1950's style diner they spotted. For one thing, it was just great to get some time outside of Texas. And as they went through the gate into the park ground, Crystal even admitted that this camping trip might not be such a bad idea after all. 

"It is gorgeous out here," she said. 

"Not as gorgeous as it is in here," Jason said, looking into Crystal's beautiful green eyes. 

Crystal smiled, then leaned over and gave Jason a gentle kiss. "We're gonna have a great time, lover," she said. 

Jason did a fine job of navigating to their campsite, a lovely secluded little area deep in the camp grounds. He unpacked the tent, sleeping bags, food, and other supplies he'd brought along, and began setting everything up. As he was inflating an air mattress, Crystal asked, "You want me to do that?" "Nah, you can save your blowing for later," Jason replied. That drew a wry smile from Crystal. 

Once they were set up, Jason suggested a nice, easy hike - a stroll really - through the nearby hills. 

"Forget easy," said Crystal. "We're here. If we're gonna do it, let's do it right." 

"Okay," said Jason, "I knew you'd take to this." 

And off they went, following a more rigorous, but more rewarding path, up higher and higher into the heavily forested hills. The trail was narrow, and though normally Jason would allow a lady to go first, hiking etiquette called for him to lead the way. Crystal enjoyed the chance to admire Jason's terrific form, and think about what a strong, sexy guy he was. Oh yeah, and he has definitely got the best chest in the world. 

Crystal and Jason finally reached the crest of the hill, and stopped to take it the magnificent view below them. "It's absolutely breathtaking," Crystal said. "Yeah, and shortness of breath inducing," replied Jason, who was laboring to catch his. Crystal smiled; she seemed to be handling the great outdoors a bit better than Jason. 

A large rock afforded them a place to rest, Jason sitting down first, Crystal sliding onto his lap. Jason wrapped his arms around her, and held tight, as they continued to relish the view... and each other. A cool, gentle breeze blew over them, spreading the strong pine scent, and the sun baked their faces. Jason began to nuzzle Crystal's neck, sending a chill down her spine. She pushed back hard against him, wriggling a bit on his growing bulge, and getting the blood flowing down there. Jason slid a hand inside Crystal's shirt, and began to lightly stroke her breasts, circling the nipple and making it harden. 

Crystal spotted a hawk circling effortlessly in the sky above them. "Ooh, I think he's watching us," she said. "

Good," replied Jason, as he licked Crystal's neck up to her ear. "Like when your pet dog stares at us." 

"Oh, that turns you on?" Crystal asked, chuckling. 

"Sure, you know what an exhibitionist I am," Jason said, now beginning to tongue Crystal's ear. More chills went down her spine, and she began to earnestly grind against Jason's hardening manhood. 

"Um, what's that I feel back there?" she said playfully. 

"I don't know, must be the result of all this clean fresh air," Jason said with a laugh. 

Crystal disengaged herself from Jason, turned around, and got down on her knees in front of him. She reached out and began to unbuckle his belt, followed a moment later by opening and unzipping his jeans. 

"Sweetheart, we'll have plenty of time back at the campsite..." Jason said. 

"Shhh," Crystal replied, reaching into Jason's underwear to free his straining cock. "You just enjoy the view." 

Enjoy the view - that gave Jason two very distinct options, both incredibly appealing,: the beautiful natural vistas surrounding him on all sides, or his gorgeous lover running her tongue along his hardness, holding it, stroking it, engulfing the head in her mouth. Basically, he split the difference, spending time viewing each. 

Crystal loved sucking Jason's dick. She loved the taste of it (okay, maybe not quite as much as strawberries), and the feel of it, and the way it reacted to the various stimuli she gave it. But most of all she loved giving Jason pleasure. That was the biggest turn-on to her, knowing how wonderful she was making him feel. And by the gentle moans emanating from Jason now, she knew she was doing well. Crystal continued to lick up and down the underside of the shaft, alternating between strong stokes, and just gentle tickles. Then she sucked the head of his dick for a moment, swirling her tongue and making him moan more urgently. She could feel his balls twitch every so often, and knew the pressure was building. 

As his hips began to involuntarily press forward, Jason focused his attention on Crystal. Gently holding her head, covered by her fabulous brown hair, 

"Oh God" he whispered. "you are so good at that..." Which was music to Crystal's ears. 

Crystal began to stroke him with her hand now, all the saliva she'd left on the shaft serving as a wonderful lubricant. Her mouth over the head of his cock, she worked her hand up and down, twisting it to add to Jason's sensations. She knew that Jason loved this more than anything. Now his hips began to really buck. She stroked faster, and sucked harder. He began to breath hard, and let out little grunts. Crystal held on tight with both her mouth and hand, and as Jason pulled back, she knew he was right there. And then he came, exploding with a forceful grunt, the cum flowing out in long, strong spurts. When they subsided, Crystal grasped and pulled her hand all the way up to the very tip, squeezing out any remaining juice. Then she looked up at him, his blue eyes just now regaining their focus. 

"How was that?" she asked. 

"Unbelievable," Jason replied. "Now what can I do for you?" 

Though her head was buzzing and her pussy was quite wet, Crystal shook her head. "Like you said, we'll have plenty of time back at the campsite," she replied. 

Back at the campsite, the fire was now roaring, as Jason and Crystal sat close to it, and each other, to warm themselves in the chill air. They were finishing devouring the dinner Jason had prepared, a feat for which Crystal was both thankful and impressed. 

"How in the world did you pull off making a dinner like this?" she asked. "We're out in the middle of nowhere, and you cook up Fish for me, and Steak for yourself?" 

"Just because we're out in nature doesn't mean it's got to be primitive," Jason observed, taking sip of his Whiskey. "You need a refill of your Wine?" he asked. 

Crystal shook her head, then tipped it back to look at the sky. "My God," she said, "the sky, the stars out here - it's just incredible." Jason had to agree. The cold, clear night air, the starry sky and full moon, the warm fire, the great food and drink, and, most importantly, the love of his life, all combined to make this a magical moment. 

Later, Jason finished putting out the fire, and straightening up the campsite. It was time to retire to their tent. He held the flap open for Crystal, inviting her in. 

"I'm sorry it's not a suite at the Ritz-Carlton," Jason said. 

Said Crystal: "There's nothing we could do at a Ritz that we can't do here, and this is a whole lot cheaper." 

"You know," said Jason, "I really like how you think." 

They smiled at each other, then kissed passionately, tongues lightly playing against each others, then pressing together. After a few moments, they broke the kiss. 

Crawling into the tent, Jason and Crystal got situated on the zipped together sleeping bags atop the inflated air mattress. There was no light in the tent, but the moon was bright enough to create a slight glow inside. Each removed their own boots and socks, then reached over to help the other disrobe. 

As she unbuttoned Jason's shirt, Crystal remarked, "You know, you look hot in jeans and flannel. Maybe not quite as sexy as your boxers, but damn good." 

"Thanks," said Jason, helping Crystal out of her shirt. Unable to help himself, he leaned forward and began to lick and kiss and fondle her exposed breasts. Crystal ran her fingers through Jason's blonde hair as he alternated his attention between her fabulous nipples, and then he began to drag his tongue southward. 

Oh yeah, Crystal thought, I can't wait to feel his tongue down there again. They both began working on Crystal's pants, finally succeeding in yanking them and her panties off. She lay completely naked now, legs spread wide, on top of the satiny sleeping bag, as Jason resumed his approach to her honeypot. 

Jason loved licking Crystal. It drove her so crazy, made her buck and moan and grunt and then finally slam-dunk. She is such an incredible lover, he thought, a great giver, and receiver, of pleasure. Add to that her personality, her looks, her figure, her unbelievable ass, and she was everything he could want in his life. So it may have seemed strange that he would torture her now by bypassing her pussy with his tongue and continuing down to her inner thighs, but he was only doing it to increase her ultimate pleasure. After a moment, he began to bring his tongue back up. He used his finger to spread her lips, finding the whole area already quite wet. 

Crystal had been drenched since she'd sucked Jason off during their hike, and was now dying to feel his tongue on her lips. At first it was a light little flick down at her labia, then a little firmer, then he finally pushed his tongue into her, as deeply as he could. It was unbelievable, sending a wave of pleasure through Crystal's groin, as she let out a moan. Ever so slowly he removed his tongue, taking special care to swirl it against the very sensitive area just inside Crystal's vulva. Then he dragged it up her slit, toward her clit. And when he ever so lightly touched his tongue to her love button, little jolts of electricity flowed through her. He began to swirl his tongue around her wetness, and she began to gasp. The pleasure was almost unbearable. 

"Oh God," she moaned. "I need you in me, now. Please. I've gotta have your hard dick in me." 

Jason was quite happy doing what he was doing, but he couldn't turn down a demand like that. He fumbled to get his pants open, finally freeing his rigid manhood. He pushed his pants and underwear down, never quite getting them all the way off. In the meantime, Crystal turned herself over, and got up on all fours. 

"Do me this way," she gasped. "I want to feel you all the way in." She reached back between her legs to grasp Jason's apartment, and lined the head up with her drenched, pulsating pussy. Jason could feel the delicious warmth on the head of his cock. He leaned forward, and was instantly buried in her to the hilt. 

Crystal brought her hand slightly forward, and began to rub her clit. She started humping back against Jason, and he soon fell into rhythm with her, pushing in and out of pussy with long, hard strokes. He could feel her inner walls grasping and releasing him as he slid effortlessly in and out of her warm wetness. For Crystal, Jason's throbbing cock was like a piston of pleasure, filling her time and time again, each stroke warmer and more pleasant than the last. Her insides were on fire, sending waves of pleasure through her torso and down her thighs. She was moaning wildly now, breathing hard. And getting very close. 

Jason, having had that orgasm a while back, was not as close as he might have been otherwise. And he wanted to take advantage - for Crystal's sake. He pulled almost all the way out of Crystal, then plunged completely in. Over and over, deeper and deeper with each long, hard stroke. He could feel Crystal's pussy grasping him harder know, and heard her breathing get more ragged and her moans get more urgent. He picked up his pace, knowing it would tip her over the edge. And then she started to cum, bucking against him, grunting, out of her mind. But he stayed in control. 

Crystal was seeing stars again - this time inside the tent. The orgasm had torn through her, waves of pleasure sweeping from her pussy up through her torso and down the backs of her bent legs, as her muscles grasped Jason's invention, buried deep within her. For a moment, she had no idea where she was... other than in heaven. And then, finally, out of breath, she began to come down from the experience. But something was a bit different, not the norm. 

"Did you cum?" Crystal asked. 

"No," Jason answered. "I wanna keep going. I want you to cum again." 

"I don't know if I can," Crystal said breathlessly. 

Jason began to gently work his dick in and out again, slowly, as he said "Try." 

Jason continued the gentle strokes, as Crystal took a moment to gather herself. Her fingers, which had come off her clit, returned to the vicinity. It was so sensitive now, but she began to apply very light pressure to the surrounding tissues. Jason picked up the pace. He knew she was into it when he heard her breathing change back to the way it had just been. His strokes got longer, and now her moans got deeper. Having held off through her previous orgasm, Jason was really close. Grabbing Crystal by her flanks, he went into overdrive, pounding her from behind, in long, hard strokes, his pelvis thrusting against her bush. 

"Oh God, oh God, oh God," she screamed as the pressures in her core returned and began to build again. 

Jason felt the pressures, too, as the incredible sensations built in his balls, fighting the urge as he continued to thrust into Crystal. All the way in, then all the way out, all the way in, all the way out, both of the lovers grunting forcefully each time Jason's manhood hit bottom. 

One more stroke, just one more, hold off for one more, Jason thought. Here it comes, here it comes, here it comes, Crystal thought, her fingers a blur on her clit. And then it passed the point of inevitability for them both. With a simultaneous "ahhhhhh" they each exploded, Jason's cock spurting powerful streams of cum Crystal's clit shooting electricity through her torso, her pussy clamping like a vise on Jason's dick. 

Crystal collapsed forward onto the sleeping bag, the air mattress cushioning her and Jason, who, clutching her tightly, rode down on top of her. Both were out of breath, both completely wiped out by what they'd just experienced. Neither spoke. They just lay like this, as close as two people could be, both physically and spiritually, listening to the sounds of nature: their beating hearts, their deep breaths, and the beautiful music of the peaceful outdoors that surrounded them.