 I was camping and I was bored.

I'd been fishing and hiking and swimming and was pleasantly tired, but it was still early. Far too early to retire for the night.

There were a couple of other camps scattered around. Most of them nearer the facilities area but one had been set up slightly further out. Initially I'd thought mine was the outlying campsite, but these people had found one even further out, screened by some large bushes.

Being a gregarious type, I thought I'd wander over and say hullo, maybe share a beer or two.

Reaching the campsite I found it occupied by two young ladies. They appeared to be in their twenties and were both reasonably attractive. Obviously there'd be nothing to lose by getting acquainted.

"Evening, ladies," I greeted them. "Having fun?"

"Yes, but we don't need any male company. Goodbye," came the quick reply.

It was plain that I'd made an immediate hit, so I started to push my luck a little.

"It's a bit lonely out here away from the main camping grounds. You're not worried about bears in the night?"

"In Australia? Let them come."

"We have snakes. Lots of snakes."

"The camping site is surrounded by a gravel road. Snakes hate crossing gravel so I think we're reasonably safe. Goodbye."

We were still talking. That had to be a good sign.

"Would you like a drink before I go?" I suggested. Mister Smooth, that's me.

"No. Goodbye." Little Miss Stuck-up, that's her.

"If I didn't know it couldn't be so, I'd think you were trying to chase me away," I lamented. "I'm bored. If you're feeling a little bored maybe you'd care for a game of strip poker."

"No. Now go away." She didn't even crack a smile, although her friend did.

Sometimes you have to drop subtle and take a more direct approach.

"It's fortunate that you said no, really. I don't have any cards. Well, as we seem to have ruled out all the pastimes, and you don't want to talk, would either or both of you like to get undressed for a little slap and tickle?"

"If we do," came the dry reply, "it'll be with each other. We're lesbians. Go away."

And if they were lesbians I was a koala sitting up in one of the trees.

"Well, it's been fun, but I've really got to go. No really, I must. If you need me for anything, my camp's just over there."

Defeated, I skulked off to my camp, still bored.

About an hour later I heard voices coming from the girls' camp. Rather angry voices, so I thought I'd wander over and make sure everything was all right.

There were three youths there, aged about nineteen or twenty, trying to put the hard word on the girls, unwilling to accept a no.

"Problem?" I asked, with a very cold edge to my voice. The three lads turned belligerently towards me, looked me over and decided they didn't want any trouble that came in my size.

"No problem," one said "We're just leaving." And they stayed not on the order of their going, as the poet would say.

And the girls fell at my feet crying, "our saviour".

Fat chance.

"We had the situation in hand. There was no need for you to come over."

"What you would have had in your hand very shortly would not have been the situation," I said. "Those boys didn't seem inclined towards taking no for an answer."

"We could have handled them," the girl protested. "We're quite capable of looking after ourselves."

"You'd be a damn sight better off looking after yourselves if you moved your camp nearer the facilities where there are a number of other campers around," I said. "Physically you couldn't even handle a single determined man. You'd be mincemeat if a man moved in on you with intent."

"You worry too much. We both know martial arts. We could have handled those guys if they'd tried to get tough." That girl was determined to make her point.

"Lady," I told her, "if I wanted I could tie you both in knots without raising a sweat. Those three idiots would probably have raised a slight sweat, but they would have taken you if they'd tried. Just be thankful that you've got adult company nearby. I still think you should shift camp somewhere safer."

"Tie us in knots without raising a sweat?" muttered one of the girls sceptically. "I'd love to see you try. I'd enjoy kicking your arrogant ass."

"Really? Would you like to see how easily I can spank yours?" I asked.

"Try it."

So I did. I just stepped forward and picked them both up, one under each arm, and then squeezed slightly. They didn't have time for any martial arts. Nor breath for screaming, after I squished them slightly. I just lowered them to the ground and let them loose, gasping for air but unhurt. Unhurt that is, until I reached over, pulled down a pair of shorts and firmly slapped a pretty little bottom.

I stepped back while the girls sorted themselves out, including the frantic hitching up of one pair of shorts.

For some reason they felt compelled to say some rather nasty things to me. There's just no gratitude in the world today. I just waved goodbye and said I'd be in my camp if they needed me. Were they sure neither of them wanted to come and play for a while? 

"I already told you we're lesbians," snarled one of the girls.

"I know, but I didn't believe you then, I don't believe you now, and your nipples don't believe you either," I said, reaching out and flicking a very prominent nipple. It appeared the close contact wrestling had excited both girls slightly, even if they had lost.

Two pairs of arms hastily folded across two nice chests, and two pairs of eyes glared at me. 

I waved and left.

Another hour passed and then I heard an indignant squeal from the girls' tent, abruptly cut off. I headed over there again.

The three boys were back. They'd sneaked up and pounced. One girl was firmly held while the other was trying to fight off two boys. I didn't bother to say a thing. I just stepped up behind the two boys and banged their heads together, hard enough to stun them for a while. Turning, I swung a punch at the boy holding the third girl. My fist sailed a fraction of an inch above her head and her playmate was suddenly lying down with what was going to be a pair of very nice black eyes.

I grabbed the two with the sore heads and ran them the twenty yards to the edge of the lake. I stopped, but they didn't, receiving a helping hand out into the water.

Returning to the camp I rescued black eyes from the two girls, who were thoughtfully kicking him, and helped him down to the lake as well.

I told the three idiots to get to their camp and get out. If they were around in the morning I'd have them charged.

Walking back to my camp I had to pass the girls. Ever on the attack, the girls accused me of over reacting. They would have been fine, they claimed. They could have handled the boys if I'd just left them to it.

Truly, these girls had absolutely no idea of self preservation. 

"Right. So they wouldn't have raped you. They would have been having sex with you because you permitted it," I remarked cynically.

"We can handle ourselves," blondie yelled, furious with me.

"What are your names?" I asked them. "I can't really go on thinking about you as the blonde one and the other one. I'm Max."

The brunette finally spoke. "I'm Gwen and she's Paula."

"And we didn't need your help. We can take care of ourselves, so go away," snapped Paula.

"So you keep saying. So if I take off your clothes and have sex with you, it will be because you permit it, is that right?"

"You couldn't," Paula snapped. "I wouldn't let you. Besides, Gwen would stop you even if you did get my clothes off, which you wouldn't."

"Sorry. Gwen would be too worried about the spanking she'd be getting at the same time to worry about you having sex with a man. Do you want to put it to the test?"

Neither girl spoke for a moment. Then Gwen said, "Why not?"

"What?" Paula seemed a bit surprised.

"Why not?" asked Gwen. She giggled. "I'm only risking a spanking, after all."

"Yes, but I'm risking getting raped," pointed out Paula.

"Not rape," I protested. "You'd be giving tacit approval, if I do it. Like paying up on a losing bet. You have to do it even if you are reluctant."

"That's even worse," she muttered. "I'd be agreeing to sex with a man."

"That's what men are for, and you're no more a lesbian than I am. Neither of you are." I was quite certain of that. 

Neither said anything to that crack, but the blushes were telling. They were using the lesbian fantasy to chase away unwanted men. With nothing more being said, I shrugged and turned towards my camp.

"See," Paula said, "he's got more sense than to even try."

"Cluck, cluck," said Gwen, laughing.

Some people really like to learn the hard way.

"I am not going to try unless you both agree that I can," I stated flatly. "To do otherwise would be rape, because you couldn't stop me. So do you agree or do I just leave you to stew and hope those idiots don't come back?" 

Gwen and Paula looked at each other. 

Gwen shrugged. "The idiots took us by surprise. So did he, that first time," she added resentfully. (Gwen was the lucky recipient of the smacked bottom.)

Paula nodded. "If we're ready for him we can take him," she agreed.

Gwen giggled. "Let's do it." 

Both of them turned to me, nodding their agreement, and taking up these silly little martial arts stances.

"You're both being foolish, but I don't mind. Just remember that screaming for help when you realise that you're losing is unsporting. I expect you to accept your penalties like adults. Not whinge and scream like children."

That got their back up. If they'd had any ideas of yelling for help when they found out how much trouble they were in, they now changed their minds. If they lost, they'd lose fair.

I took a step towards Paula and I have to admit it, she was quick. She pivoted slightly and let loose with a thrusting kick that would have ended the fight, and possibly my chances of fatherhood, if it had landed.

Unfortunately for Paula's intentions, I'd stopped short, dropped my arms and caught her ankle. Before she could retract, I'd lifted her leg straight up, and I'm a lot taller than she is. She found herself dangling from my hand for a moment, before I tossed her at Gwen who was coming to her assistance.

Silly of Gwen, really. It meant they both went down in a tangle, and you can't use martial arts if you're at the bottom of the pile with someone just lying on you. I didn't need to do anything fancy at that stage. Just lying on them meant that they were pinned by my weight, and they had no leverage or room with which to make a strike.

Being on top, I had room and manoeuvrability, both of which I used to my advantage. The first thing I did was remove a pair of shorts and panties from Paula, she being the uppermost girl. Then despite her wriggling and swearing I pushed her top up, including her bra until her breasts were free. A bit more tussling and her top came off, and she was naked and furious.

That still left me with Gwen, who was feeling a little squashed, and who still had all her clothes. I managed to separate the girls so they were lying next to each other and then I helped Gwen with her shorts and panties.

I stopped at that point and looked at Gwen. 

"I'm only supposed to spank you," I told her. "Was I actually supposed to take your clothes off as well?"

For once, the girls were in disagreement. Gwen said no, I wasn't, but Paula said yes, I was. Gwen asked why, and Paula promptly told her because she, Paula, was already naked and so Gwen was damn well going to be.

Feeling that Paula had some justification with her reasoning, I proceeded to remove Gwen's top. Only a shirt. It turned out she hadn't bothered with a bra.

I now had two nude girls squirming on the ground, held down by my weight. Gwen was pointing out rather bitterly that I hadn't actually given them a chance to fight. Just sitting on the pair of them was decidedly unfair in her opinion.

As far as I was concerned, standing up and being a target was not a preferred option. If they couldn't fight lying down, bad luck.

The problem now was to position them so that I could take Paula and spank Gwen. As problems go, it was more interesting than some I have had. 

While I was pondering this interesting problem I was absent-mindedly rubbing a pussy that happened to be close to hand.

There was a muffled squawk from Gwen, and then a demand to know just what I thought I was doing.

I explained. "I'm just considering what is the best way to proceed from here," I told her. "Whether to spank you first and then entertain Paula, or vice versa."

"I didn't mean that," she said, her voice seeming to be slightly odd. As I focused on her she continued.

"I mean why are you massaging me when I'm only supposed to get a spanking? Shouldn't you be massaging Paula?"

"Ah, sorry," I apologised. "I hadn't intended to."

Gwen seemed to be breathing rather hard now, for some reason. And it appeared that she had more to say.

"If you're not intending to, then do you mind taking your finger out of there and your hand off me?"

It seemed that my explorations had gone a little further than I had realised. I adjusted my position, withdrawing the hand that was upsetting Gwen. Then Paula started wriggling, but at least she couldn't object to what I was now doing. OK, she could, but I was entitled to ignore her.

"I don't suppose that you'd care to just sit quietly while I entertain Paula, would you?" I asked Gwen. "It would make things a lot simpler."

"I thought you said you were going to handle us both at once," Gwen retorted.

"I can," I assured her. "Really, I can. I'm just thinking of you. If I hold you bent over Paula and spank you while I entertain her, you won't get to see how I do Paula and she won't see you get spanked, so you both miss out."

"What makes you think we want to watch what you do to us?" demanded Gwen, incredulous.

"Of course you do," I said. "You're dying to see Paula's face as I enter her, and she's blaming you for this and really wants to see you spanked. She'll even dish out the spanking if I let her."

Paula was the one who decided. 

"Oh, sit down," she snapped at Gwen. "We obviously can't stop this animal from doing what he wants, so we might as well just let him get on with it."

I relaxed, letting Gwen move out from under me, and she obediently sat on the ground, a little to the side. I raised myself to my knees and started undoing my trousers. Paula might have escaped at that stage if she'd moved fast enough, but she didn't even try. She just watched me as I pushed my trousers down. She definitely seemed interested in observing what her fate was going to be.

To get Paula's attention back to the real me, I patted her pussy, smiling when her eyes jerked up to my face.

"Move your legs apart," I instructed her, "and lift your knees."

Like a lamb, Paula did as she was told, and then lay there, presenting herself to me and watching as I slowly moved down on her.

Paula was flushed and her lips were slightly apart, waiting for me. My cock pressed firmly against her and she lifted her hips, encouraging me to enter. Who needed encouragement? I was driving between her lips and going deep, with no hesitation.

Paula gasped as I sank into her (so did Gwen, but that didn't really count), and her legs came up and around me, holding me in place. Then we moved against each other. After a few tentative movements we seemed to blend into one accord, moving naturally with the rhythm of life.

Our coming together was gentle at first, that initial entry being slow enough to allow Paula to adjust to it physically, and for the first couple of minutes we took it slowly, enjoying the feel of each other.

As we became accustomed to each other we also progressed to a more energetic phrase, slowly building up the length and strength of the thrusts I was making into her. With everything I did, Paula reciprocated, lifting her hips hard, both presenting to me and accepting me.

We were both breathing hard now, and my hands had closed around Paula's breasts, enjoying the feel of them. And the taste, as my mouth sought them out, tasting and sucking, washing her nipples with my tongue, while all the while I continued to drive hard into her.

I could tell by the muted screams that Paula started to make, as well as they way she clutched me tightly to her, that she was rapidly approaching a climax. Not wanting to be left behind I started taking short but faster strokes, desperately reaching for my own climax as Paula clung tightly to me.

She beat me to it, but the way her muscles clamped around me was enough. I spilled within her, hearing her yell as I came. 

Slowly I came to a halt, and rested, arms either side of her and cock deep within her as I leaned, looking down at her.

"And now you have to attend to Gwen," she murmured. "Give her my best wishes, won't you."

I laughed as I rolled off her and sat up, looking over at Gwen. She was sitting there, looking flushed and breathing hard, and her nipples were on point duty.

I patted the ground in front of me.

"Over here, sweetheart," I told her, smiling. "Kneel down, head on your arms and bottom high."

Gwen moved slowly over to where I was, facing away from Paula, but her bottom nicely lifted to where I could give it a good swat.

"Hmm," I murmured, reaching out and running my hand over her bottom. "We never got around to discussing how hard or how long a spanking you should get, did we?"

While I was considering this interesting question, my hand just naturally fell to exploring everything that was in its reach. It sort of just drifted around the curve, settled on that pussy I had been feeling earlier, and seemed to recognise familiar territory. 

"Spanking," reminded Gwen, with a gasp in her breath. "You're supposed to be spanking me, remember?"

She had a point, so I lifted my hand and delivered a sharp spank, and then for some reason my hand just followed the curve of her bottom again.

"This isn't fair," gasped Gwen. "You only said a spanking."

I shrugged. 

"If you insist," I snapped, and brought my hand down on her bottom several times, producing a couple of sharp squeals.

Satisfied that duty was done, I returned to caressing Gwen, running my hand over her bottom and pussy and along her inner thighs.

"Will you stop that?" said Gwen. "That is not part of any spanking."

"That's OK," I told her. "The spanking is finished. The trouble is, my erection had come back and you seem to be in the right position to take care of it."

Gwen protested as I moved around and knelt behind her, my cock now pressing firmly against her pussy. I had only said I'd spank her, she complained, and there had been no mention of having to have sex with me.

"I know," I agreed, "and you don't have to have sex with me. But I think it's only fair to tell you that I'm about to put my erection right here in a few moments." While speaking I eased her lips apart and pushed a finger into her slit and deep within in her.

Paula was sitting up, watching the byplay with a smirk on her face, waiting to see what Gwen would do. Gwen did nothing.

She continued to kneel as I eased my finger out and then stretched her lips further apart. Pressing forward my cock passed between her lips, following the trail marked by my finger, while Gwen gave a steadily rising squeal, the further I entered.

Having recently climaxed, I was not going to come again in a hurry, which was probably a little unfortunate for Gwen. It meant that I could happily bounce her on my cock for a lot longer than she might expect. Smiling, I set to work.

Initially, Gwen squealed with each hard thrust into her, but soon she was too busy gasping and pushing her pussy back to meet me to waste her breath. I happily thrust into her, feeling her response, and then thrusting again. 
