 Amelia slowly tugged on the zipper of her hoodie, exposing her bare chest, until her hand paused just above her navel. She fingered the zipper, as if unsure whether she wanted to unzip it further, or zip it all the way back up. After a moment she let her hand fall to her side, evidently content to leave herself only partially unwrapped. Her skin looked like porcelain against the contrast of night. The flames of the campfire, licking the char colored logs and kissing the windless air, cast a flickering spotlight on her swaying form. She lifted the wine bottle to her lips and drank deeply, her head tilted back and her eyes closed. The bottle was nothing but a silhouette, but a decidedly phallic silhouette when it was pressed against her mouth in this way. Her eyes opened slowly as she swallowed her last sip. She met Garrison's stare with a sultry, heavily lidded gaze. "Just warming up," she said as she traced her finger along her bottom lip, wiping away the wine that remained. "Inside and out," she giggled, and shuffled a bit closer to the fire. 

"Don't you think you're hot enough already?" Garrison quipped. She laughed and rolled her eyes at him.

"Funny." She said dryly, looking down into the flames. The dimples in her cheeks betrayed the smile she was trying to hide. Garrison scanned the area, noticing each orange glow that marked other campsites in use. Their campsite in particular was well situated, with the river along one side, several trees between their tent and the dirt road, and several more between them and the campsites on either side. It had a moderate feeling of privacy, but Garrison knew just by looking around at the other hearths that she was extremely visible and well illuminated, standing over the fire as she was.

"You're looking a little light on your feet," Garrison said in a gravelly voice. "Why don't you come stand with me so I can make sure you don't accidentally fall in."

Amelia pursed her lips and regarded him with a scrutinizing stare. Slowly, carefully with each step, she rounded the fire to stand beside him. He turned to her, looking down into her eyes, and put his hands on her hips as he started to pull her close. Amelia's breath caught on contact, her mouth hanging open just slightly as her intoxicated mind picked up on this new, delicious buzz. Garrison smiled smugly as he smoothly turned her around and faced them both towards the fire. Her ass, almost too big for her petite frame, was pressed firmly against him, and he held her there tight. "I can feel your cock through my yoga pants," she said, giggling. "Are you getting hard for me?" She gyrated her hips in a teasing way.

From this angle, with the river at their sides, Garrison was sure she had the widest possible audience. He held her hips against him with one hand, strong enough that she could not escape if she tried, and used his other hand to begin pulling the zipper down the rest of the way. Giggling, she playfully tried to push his hand aside and step out of his ironclad grasp. "Do I need to get the twine?" He asked in a threatening, husky whisper, his hot breath tickling her ear. Amelia froze, the blood rushing from her head to fuel the heat between her thighs. He took his opportunity of unchallenged power over her and finished unzipping her sweater. He pushed the fabric aside so her breasts and tummy were completely exposed. Her dark pink nipples stood out prominently, as though they were reaching towards the warmth of the fire. He ran his rough hand up the soft skin of her stomach, and paused to cup her small breast - a perfect little handful. Her breathing became a bit erratic and shallow as he fondled her, and was predictably followed by a sharp intake of breath any time he pinched or tugged her sensitive nipple. 

He loosened his grip around her hips, certain she was aroused enough not to question anything beyond her physical pleasure, and let his hand brush over the sensitive parts in the front of her yoga pants while he continued his assault on her nipples. She let her arms rest on his, her fingertips caressing the backs of his hands and forearms as she completely gave her mind over to her senses. Garrison ran his fingers up and down her slit. "You're soaking wet through your pants already, you know that?" He said as he nibbled and tongued her ear and neck. Amelia moaned in response, and widened her stance slightly so that his hand might have easier access. 

Garrison played with a little more pressure, using his thumb or his palm to service her clit while his fingers pushed against the damp fabric of her pants, almost as though he might be able to sink into her hole right through them. Amelia turned her head and looked up at him, searching for his mouth. Their tongues swirled around each other's, they licked and sucked and nibbled each others lips. Amelia moaned into his mouth and tried to grind against his hand even harder. "Please stop teasing me," she begged him. 

"Stop teasing you?" He asked, rubbing her pussy a little more pointedly, bringing her right to the edge before backing off again. 

"Please," she whimpered, her knees growing week. Garrison supported most of her weight as she leaned against him.

"Stand up straight," he ordered. With some effort she complied. "Good," he said as he stepped aside so he could look at her without obstructing any potential onlookers' views. "Now, take all of your clothes off," he said. He watched, massaging the bulge in his pants, as she shrugged the sweater from her shoulders, and peeled the yoga pants down her legs. No bra, no panties; she was totally nude and bathed in the firelight.

She looked up at him, shyly biting her lip, and asked, "are you going to finish me now?"

Garrison grinned wickedly and got down on his knees, angling her slightly so he could kneel in front of her. Her fingers immediately found their way into his hair, and she tugged lightly as she tried to draw him close. He gave her agonizingly slow kisses across her abdomen, up and down her thighs, back and forth across her neat triangle of pubic hair. He ran his nose along the length of her slit, barely touching her as he breathed in deeply her heady scent. His tongue followed suit, very gently spreading her labia as he licked her up and down. It was too gentle. She tugged on his hair, desperate for more pressure. "Please," she begged again. 

He teased her further by slowing down, licking and kissing even more gently, letting her feel his hot breath as he exhaled, and the cool air that quickly replaced the warmth during each inhale. He looked up to see her eyebrows drawn together and her jaw totally slack. Just as their eyes met he pushed his tongue flat up against her, finally giving her the pressure she so needed. Amelia moaned and immediately disentangled her fingers from his hair so she could pull on her nipples and massage her breasts. Garrison pulled away a little to smile up at her. "Not too loud now, dear," he said before burying his head back between her legs and nibbling on her pussy lips. Either she decided not to heed his warning, or she was completely unaware that she continued to noisily enjoy the feeling of his tongue as he swirled it around her clit and prodded at her opening.

"You're gonna make me cum, baby," she said after a short minute. Garrison pulled his face away and quickly grabbed her wrists, pinning them against her sides. "No!" She shouted as she squeezed her thighs together and dropped down to her knees. Garrison wasted no time in taking her breast into his mouth, roughly tonguing and lightly biting her nipple. She was squirming and moaning almost uncontrollably, her desperation more and more obvious. The cold air on her wet skin made her nipple ache as he switched to her other breast to give it the same attention. Amelia was near tears, barely able to get out another "please" in between her erratic breaths. Her pussy was literally throbbing, her swollen clit aching to feel release. 

Garrison moved his kisses up her chest, collarbones and neck until he finally reached her lips. Her body slowly began to relax as they made out, and eventually he let go of her wrists. She snaked her arms around his neck in an embrace as she kissed him. Her hands began to explore, trailing from his neck, down his muscular chest and stomach until her fingers were toying with the waistband of his pants. 

Garrison pulled away and stood up, lifting his shirt over his head as he did, then helped her to stand up too. His bulge was visible even in the shadowy firelight. He tossed another log in and they watched as embers shot up into the sky. Amelia moved towards him but stumbled slightly. Garrison easily caught and steadied her, but instead of remaining upright she sank again to her knees, this time catching his waistband and sliding his pants down with her. His cock sprang free right in front of her face and her mouth immediately began to water. "You are so sexy," she told him.

The head of his cock looked so swollen and his skin looked so smooth. She wrapped her mouth around it and began licking and sucking, savoring the feeling of him on her tongue. He laid his hand gently but firmly on the back of her head, and watched as the entire length of his cock disappeared between her lips. Her mouth was warm and wet as she worked her tongue and began sucking and bobbing her head. She used one hand to play with his balls and the other to hold and jack off the base of his cock. 

Garrison enjoyed the feeling of her servicing him for a moment before he pulled away. She looked up at him pouting. "I want you to fuck my face," she said. Garrison laughed and thrust himself just once down her throat, making her gag before pulling away again. 

"That's all you get," he told her. "Now turn around on your hands and knees so I can check out the full moon." 

Amelia giggled and smiled at him before turning and arching her back. She looked over her shoulder to see him checking her out. "What do you think?" She asked. 

Garrison gently touched and rubbed her behind with his rough hands, occasionally squeezing almost too tight. Amelia dropped down to her forearms so that she was closer to face down, ass up. Garrison spanked her, and then got down on his knees so he could lick her asshole, eliciting from her a sharp intake of breath and even more uncontrollable moaning. He reached his hand around her so he could slide his fingers inside and press his palm against her clit. She immediately started grinding against him, the stimulation on her clit, gspot and asshole pushing her closer and closer to the edge. "Oh my God," she said. "Please don't stop. You're gonna make me cum!" Before Garrison could decide if he was going to let her cum, a torrent of gushing pussy juice filled his hand and spilled over onto the dirt ground. Her whole body shook with the force of her orgasm, and her moans turned to screams which made him quickly wrap his free hand around her mouth. 

He was leaning up against her, letting his cock slide against her asshole. "You like that, baby?" He asked her. All she could do was nod. He let go of her mouth and let his hand wrap around her throat, holding firmly. He took his cock in his other hand and guided himself into her soaking wet pussy, sinking slowly all the way in. "Fuck, you feel so good," he said. He began to increase the rhythm of sliding in and out of her, hitting her hard each time his pelvis connected with her ass, causing his balls to swing forward and hit her overly sensitive clit. Her pussy gripped him so tightly, as if it wanted to devour him completely. He felt her soft walls contract around him and knew she was going to have another orgasm before she even cried out, "you're gonna make me cum again!" He began pounding into her even harder, forgetting to stop her shouting and moaning, until his own cum began to mix with hers. He gripped her hips tightly as he held her against him, and slowly their breathing began to slow. 

When he pulled away from her she tried to lift herself back up onto her hands, but her arms were too shaky and she fell back to her forearms, laughing. "Damn babe," she said. "I think I might be dead now." She rested her forehead on the ground. "Maybe you could help me clean up?" she asked with another giggle. 

Garrison smirked and stuck his tongue between her legs, licking the cum from her pussy. "Oh!" She said with a gasp. "I was not expecting that!" She found the energy to turn around and look at him with a smug grin on his face. "But I really liked it," she said as she shyly smiled back. 

"I thought you would." He said. "Let's clean up the rest of the way in the river."

"What?! We're going to freeze!" She said.

"I'll keep you warm," he promised. He stood and held his hand out to her. She took it as she really needed the help to get up, her legs were still shaky from cumming so hard. He let her hold him for support as they made their way to the river. 

Amelia dipped a toe in the slow moving current. The water wasn't as cold as she was expecting, but it still brought goosebumps to her skin and sent a shiver down her spine. "Step carefully," Garrison warned her as he walked in first. She followed his steps, feeling the slick river rocks under her feet. 

"I have to go slow or I'm gonna fall," she told him. He laughed at her. 

"I know," he said. He guided her out until they were nearly waist deep and standing beside a large boulder in the center of the river. She held onto his broad shoulders as his hand slid between her thighs. He started to massage her, helping to wash away the cum that still clung to her skin, lightly running his fingers across her swollen pussy. "Sorry," he mumbled when he felt her fingers grip him more firmly, believing he stroked her sensitive clit too hard. 

"Babe," she whispered. "Is that a flashlight at our site?"

Garrison turned to look over his shoulder, and sure enough the beam of a flashlight was sweeping back and forth across their campsite. "Shit," he muttered under his breath. "Come this way," he said as he angled their naked bodies behind the boulder. Amelia giggled. 

"Are we caught?" She asked. Garrison pressed his index finger to her lips, quieting her. They both stood in silence, listening. After a moment they heard a man clear his throat. 

"Quiet hours are from 10 pm to 5 am." He said, and then more silence. Amelia and Garrison looked at each other, eyes wide. She couldn't help but giggle. 

"Don't move," Garrison said as he waded through the water to peer around the boulder. He returned to her with a smile. "Looks like the coast is clear," he said. "Ready to go warm up with me in the tent?"

A smile slowly spread across her face. "How do you plan to keep me warm?" She asked. 

Garrison laughed. "You'll see," he said. He took her hand and led her out of the river. Brush stuck to their wet bare feet as they made their way towards the dwindling fire. Amelia held her hands out to try and absorb some of the warmth. "Come to the tent now," he told her as he slapped her ass and walked by. He held open the tent door for her and she giggled as she climbed in. 

"We're gonna get the blankets all wet," she said as she tried to brush her feet off from where she sat beside the tent doorway. The way she held her leg up revealed her wet pussy lips, and he could see just enough in the light of the fire to make his cock stir again. 

"Well you certainly will after what I have planned for you," he said with a wicked grin.