 Ever since I decided what I wanted to be when I grew up, I've longed to go to college. You see, I was about nine when I first watched the television program, 'How It's Made' which is all about the factories and, especially, the interesting and complex machines that make a variety of familiar products. Things like pencils, potato chips, car batteries, computer hard drives, just every kind of thing.

I was watching it with my dad and we were talking about the machines and he told me that it was mechanical engineers who thought-up and designed and built these wild machines we were watching. That's when I knew I wanted to do just that, be a mechanical engineer and dream up crazy machines just like those in the program.

So, I was now a freshman at...um, well, I best not reveal what university it was, just know it was a major one with a really good engineering school.

I'd done well in high school, my grades had been good though I wasn't so much of a drone that I had no social life, no, I did date a fair amount and, at least, was not entering college a virgin. I can thank Maryann Maslow for that. I still get a hard-on thinking of her. What a beautiful girl and she liked me enough to give herself to me one afternoon after school up in her bedroom. And lots of times after that.

But, we weren't together any longer, she was all the way across the country at another college.

So, I really hadn't connected with anyone yet, mostly getting used to a college environment and getting to know some of my dorm mates.

There had been several get-togethers in the communal living area of my dorm, it was a male dorm, yes, they were separated though there was a girl's dorm building right next to us. These get-togethers were really quite informal and they ranged all over the place on topics from classes, majors, sports, you name it, really.

Daniel, our dorm resident manager, a grad student in the Business School, sat in on these sessions at times, he was really a great guy and everyone seemed to like him.

After one session, he followed me out to the lobby, then touched my shoulder, saying, "Frank, can we talk a few minutes?"

"Sure," I told him and we went down the hall to his office. I wasn't worried or anything, I knew I hadn't done anything wrong so I was relaxed as I sat down as he closed the door.

"Um, what I want to talk with you about is to be kept strictly between you and me, can we agree on that?"

I told him we could and he went on, "There are some arrangements on campus, some private arrangements, to allow some of our students to enjoy sex in a safe and private way. As you know, there's a woman's dorm next door. I have an arrangement with their dorm manager to, um, keep my eye open for young men who are nice-looking, unattached and, well, wholesome, I suppose is the word. You are currently unattached, right?"

I told him I was and he went on, "Well, there is a small group of guys who, after being approved by their dorm manager, and passing some medical checks that are paid for, are picked to meet privately with four girls at a time, to, let's say, give them a show, masturbate for them, for example."

"Wow, really? How come I haven't heard of this?"

"Everyone is sworn to secrecy, Frank, you would sign that you would never tell about this."

"Yeah, I can see why, I guess. So, well, this sounds pretty good to me, how do I join?"

"You don't join, you're chosen. First, I ask you some preliminary questions," and he went on to ask me about my sexual experience, if I'd ever been arrested, taken drugs, things of that nature.

He explained that I would be called over to the girl's dorm two or three times a week and would perform for the girls, four at each meeting and that many of them would also use the meeting as an opportunity to masturbate themselves as well. But, I would not be touching any of them unless they all four decided to change the rules. He also said one or more of the girls could ask me to their room and that it was up to them what we did privately.

I told him I wanted to do it and he said he would tell Barbara, his counterpart in the women's dorm and she would call me to meet with her. He also warned me that she would physically inspect me from head to toe. It's not often that a discussion with a guy gives me a hard-on but this was one of those times, for sure.

So, I went up to my room and in about a half hour, my phone rang and it was Barbara from the next dorm.

She more or less confirmed what Daniel had told me and I made arrangements to come to her room at seven-thirty that evening.

I knocked and the door was opened by a tall, very attractive brunette, probably four or five years older than I.

"Hi, Frank, come in," she said as she shook my hand and led me inside her apartment.

"You know why you're here, so, I suppose I should see the parts of you that I can't currently see."

I knew that I was going to be examined all over so I began shedding my clothes. 

Soon I was standing there naked as she looked me over.

"Do you know how long you are when fully erect?"

"Um, it was six and a half inches, uh, about a year ago," I said hoping it was enough.

"Okay, fine, I'd like to feel it and your testicles, okay?"

I spread my stance and her fingers wrapped around my cock and squeezed and stroked a few times. Then she cupped my balls and said, "Good, nice cock, you're good and hard. Now, any diseases you know of?"

I told her I didn't, that I'd always been careful, the she said, "Well, I'd like to see you ejaculate. Here's some lube," and she handed me a small bottle of clear liquid. I guess I was supposed to jack-off now so I dribbled some on my hand and began.

She went and got a towel and put it down on the floor in front of me.

"Let's try to make this look erotic, Frank, just try to think of four girls watching you."

Well, not sure of how to make jacking-off look erotic, what I did was use every twist and turn of my hand I'd used over the years to add a little variety to my masturbation in hopes that it might just add the right amount of spice. I also thought adding a few manly guttural sounds might help as well.

"You can take your time, Frank, the girls like you guys to go slowly."

So, I took my time, after all, Barbara was nice-looking, I was enjoying doing it in front of her.

It was slowly building up into what I could tell was a really nice cum, after all, I didn't often have an attractive young woman watching me when I did it.

Then, I felt the shiver run through me as long spurts of my semen went rocketing out the end of my dick landing on the strategically-placed towel below.

"Oh, very nice, good one, our girls will like you. Nice looking, nice body, clean, hard cock and you cum like a champ."

Well, high praise, indeed, it seemed. She had set me up with a lab test late the next afternoon for blood work and she told me if that was good, I was in line for providing entertainment for the young women in the adjacent dorm.

Then, as I was getting dressed, she asked, "Have you ever shaved your pubic hair?"

"Yeah, in high school, I went with a girl who liked it that way. Why?"

"Well, it seems that most of our girls do as well and we leave it up to you. But, I do know some who won't give a guy oral unless he shaves and, well, most of our women think it's a young and sexy look. But it's up to you." Then we parted and I went back to my room and shaved. There was nothing I wanted standing in the way of a blow job.

It was Friday when my phone rang and it was Barbara.

"Hi, Frank, your tests came back great, you're good to go. Are you still interested?"

"Oh, yeah," I told her, not knowing exactly what I was getting into but suspecting that it was going to be pretty good.

"Well, I can schedule you for tomorrow night, if you're ready."

Wow, I thought, and I told her I'd be ready. She told me to come to her apartment at eight and she'd handle it from there. And that I might want to refrain from masturbation to be able to give a better show.

I told her I would and hung up with a hard-on like I hadn't had in some time.

I made sure I showered thoroughly and put on clean briefs underneath a nice shirt and khakis and went to the dorm to her apartment and knocked.

She opened the door, then came out and led me down a hall to a room near the end and opened the door. Inside, there were four girls, each one in a nighty.

"Ladies, this is Frank. Frank, this is Lisa, Tina, Megan and Jill. Enjoy yourselves. I'll be in my apartment if you need me," and she left the room.

Chapter 2

"Hi, Frank," said Tina, a short, cute blond, "where are you from?"

So I told them and Megan asked what I was majoring in and there were a few other questions which I answered.

Then, Tina, the oldest, she was a junior, asked me if I was ready to begin.

I started taking my clothes off and I have to say that it was just super-erotic for me to get naked with four college girls watching me. Yes, maybe I was an exhibitionist, who knew?

I was down to my new pair of briefs, taking my time to let the suspense rise, after all, what was inside had already risen to its maximum, I was certain.

I rubbed my hand over my bulge, then pulled them down to the floor and stepped out of them to stand there.

"Oh, I'm glad you're one of the new guys, Frank. You're really nice," Lisa said as Megan added, "Yeah, I think we made out good getting you on your first night."

"Can we come look you over?" asked Lisa. "Even touch you, get to know your body?"

I don't think I could have gotten any harder than I already was and, of course, I said that it was fine as they all came close to me and I felt their hands all over me.

"You have nice skin, Frank," Lisa said and Megan, rubbing her hands on my chest said, "Nice pecs, do you workout?"

"No, not really, just the way I am, I guess," I said, trying to be casual. Then I felt a hand take hold of my cock.

"Oooh, hard, really hard. Nice, Frank," Lisa said, grinning as she stroked me a bit. "I like that you shave your pubes." This was getting really good, who could imagine such a secret group on campus? Lucky me.

"Mmm, yes, very hard, we're glad you're one of the new guys," cooed Megan as she felt me.

Then Jill and Tina took nice feels of my cock while I stood there. Lisa took a tight grip of my butt cheeks and told the others, "Frank's got a nice firm ass, girls, cute, too."

"I like his eyes best," Megan said, "well, second after his nice, pretty cock," as she tittered.

"Can you masturbate for us now? We're all excited to see you, especially at the end," Jill told me.

There was a bottle of clear lube on the table and I took some on my hand and, standing there, started stroking up and down.

There was a chair for me but I decided to stand, I just figured that it would look more dramatic to shoot my cum when I was standing up and as I went along, each girl had a hand in their panties moving underneath.

They were in nighties but there were certainly no heavy flannel ones, they were all quite sexy and I could see most of them at least somewhat through the lace and thin fabric.

As I stroked back and forth, one of the girls, Tina, pulled up her nighty to rub and pinch her nipple as she rubbed in her panties. Soon, Lisa pulled her's off to sit there in her panties with what had to be her finger probing in and out as they all watched me masturbate.

I slowed down, now trying to prolong the session, after all, this was pretty hot sex even if there was no physical contact between us.

It even got better when Lisa pulled the crotch of her panties aside to finger-fuck herself and was soon pulling them off opening her legs wide knowing I was looking at her as I jacked back and forth.

Well, this was looking pretty great as far as I was concerned. After all, I was a healthy male college student who would be masturbating anyway in my own dorm room, this way I still got to masturbate, only do it in front of four pretty coeds who were in various states of undress and we had just started. I couldn't help but wonder what would be the norm after we had all gotten to know each other better. Daniel and Barbara even intimated that many of the guys who were chosen received a lot of sex after their sessions were over, especially as the girls became more comfortable and trusting with them.

Tina then pulled off her nighty as I slowly jacked off for them, naked, standing in a room with four college girls, each in various stages of undress down to Lisa who'd shed her panties and now sat naked fingering herself as I jacked-off for them.

I wanted to tell them when I was getting close so they didn't miss any of the action that they really most wanted to see, those long arcs of white sticky cum being flung out the end of my dick. I was wondering if there would be hoots and hollers and shrieks when the cum started shooting.

"Mmm, mmm, I'm getting close, everybody want me to go ahead?" I asked and they all tittered that they did.

So, firming my grip for the last few strokes, I pumped and pumped as squirts of cum went arcing up out of my cock. I tried to aim my dick upward to shoot like a cannon toward them.

"Oh, wow, Frank really shoots it," cried Lisa as Tina shrieked, "Omigod, cum's everywhere, look, look."

Megan reached down and wiped a glob off her ankle and swept it into her mouth, then pronounced, "Mmm, tasty, Frank's cum is good. Might give me some ideas for another time," as she grinned at me.

Right about then, Jill's legs shot out straight as she fingered herself faster and faster, groaning, "Mmm, mmm, oh, now, yes, yes," as she flopped back, her hips thrusting against her fingers, deep in the throes of an orgasm while we all watched.

"Do you think you could do it a second time?" Lisa asked. "We'd all get naked if that helped?"

Well, there was a nice offer that didn't come my way very often so I replied, "All I can say is that I'll give it the old college try," and they all laughed as they shed their remaining clothes. Now, we were all five naked.

"Um, it's kind of like we've gotten friendly, Frank, can I help get you started? I'll suck it if you like?" Tina asked and, not being crazy, I moved right over to stand in front of her as we all watched her wet lips slip down over the head and along my shaft to begin sucking me.

The girls were quiet as they watched, all you could hear was Tina's soft slurping sound once in a while as she sucked me so sweetly. Then, after a few minutes, she backed off letting my cock hang straight out in front of me.

I reapplied some lube and began again as my audience renewed their own pleasuring.

It was feeling good, just being in the room with four, pretty and naked girls all masturbating along with me, well, if you're a guy, an eighteen-year old guy, you would be feeling like you can achieve a second ejaculation under such favorable circumstances.

"Mmm, mmm, close, yeah, I'm getting close," I groaned as I tightened my grip, stroking a bit faster, then, yes, there is was, long, stringy arcs of white, gooey cum spurting out toward my intent audience as they called out their appreciation.

"Oh, good one," "Great cum, Frank," "Oh, oh, I'm cumming, too."

I had no idea who might have thought this whole idea up but whoever it was, well, I sure owed them all my gratitude for it. And, this was just my first night in the woman's dorm.

"Um, can you come to my room after, Frank?"

I looked over and it was Megan, the cute curly-headed brunette, a freshman, if I remembered correctly.

"It would be an honor, Megan," I told her as she added, "You can meet my roommate, too, but she doesn't know anything about this group so you can't tell her about this. Just, um, tell her we'd hooked-up a few weeks ago at a party, okay?"

I told her that was fine, that I didn't want to let out the secret and she said that her roommate would probably appreciate my spending some time with her as well, if I could spend the night.

Well, it was looking like the side benefits of this secret group was potentially even more that I'd imagined.

Lisa was the first one to stand up and come up to me to give me a kiss.

"Thank you, Frank, you were great. Really helped me get off good, twice, really good," she said as she leaned forward kissing me, her hand wrapped around my cock, her tongue probing my mouth. Then, "I'm looking forward to seeing you and your nice cock again. Sweet dreams with Megan," she gave my dick a squeeze, slipped her nighty over her head and left the room to walk back to her room.

Tina and Jill also said their goodbyes, complete with caressing my cock as we kissed goodnight.

Then, Megan said, "Slip your pants on and follow me," as she pulled on her nighty and we went up to the third floor to Room 306 where she punched in the door code and went in. I followed right after her and there was a girl laying on her bed with earbuds in her ears listening to her iPod.

Chapter 3

She looked up at us and pulled off her earpieces and said hi.

"This is Frank, Missy, Frank and I met a few weeks ago at a party, um, can't remember if I told you or not."

"No, I guess not," her roommate said.

"Um, Frank and I were going to have a little fun time tonight if it's okay with you."

"Sure, don't let me stop you, I'll just listen to my music, have fun."

"I don't know if you're interested but Frank is going to spend the night if you'd like him, too. I'm sure he would love to come to your bed when we're finished."

Yes, she really asked her roommate that.

"Well, you two go ahead and have fun, I may just go to sleep anyway, we'll see. Have fun," she said and turned her back to us as we quickly got naked and into Megan's bed.

"I'm on the pill, so that's not a problem, okay?" she said as our hands began exploring under the sheets.

"I really like your penis, Frank. It's so handsome, some guy's are dark brown and your's is nice and pink and the head is so smooth. I really like to suck the kind you have so, maybe before you go back to your dorm in the morning, I'll give you a nice blow job. You like blow jobs, Frank?"

Imagine a girl asking such a thing.

"Oh, yeah, I gotta believe every guy loves them. Is it something you like to do?"

"Oh yeah, ever since I did my first one. I couldn't believe how much the guy was affected by my sucking him. I did it every night after that."

"He must have been a happy boyfriend," I told her as she lifted her leg so I could rub.

"Well, he wasn't exactly a boyfriend, he was my brother. I guess that's pretty lame, huh? But he had such a nice dick and, well, he sure got good doing me. He got so good giving me oral that he once gave me five orgasms in one afternoon."

"Wow, that's brotherly love for sure, huh?" I told her.

"Mmm, yeah, but right now we've got each other," she said as she pushed me over on my back and squatted over me, holding me as she wiggled down onto my cock.

"Mmm, as soon as you took it out, I knew I wanted it right in here," she said as she patted her pussy while she rocked up and down.

She slowly moved up and down over me as I rubbed and fondled her boobs.

"Pinch my nipples, I just love that, and do it hard. Oh, even harder. Mmm, even more."

I was pinching them really hard but she was moaning obviously enjoying it, then she leaned forward bringing a breast to my lips, telling me, "Suck them, bite them, Frank, and you can do it hard. Mmm, yeah, even harder."

I guess Megan liked a little pain. She was the first girl I'd ever had who made it obvious that she liked pain with her pleasure. Well, I tried to please, after all, she was surely pleasing me.

I looked over and her roommate, Missy, was now laying on her side, facing us, watching Megan slide up and down on my cock. I was pretty sure she was fingering herself as she watched.

"Mmm, I knew when I saw you cum that I wanted it in me, mmm, feels so good, you like me, Frank? We can hook-up any time you want. Any time you get horny. I'm right next door."
