 It was about 1:00 AM when I started my patrol through the residence halls of this small midwestern college. Being a campus security officer wasn't very glamorous, but it did have it's moments. The students here were usually well-behaved, and I tried not to ruin their fun if I didn't have to. But ocassionally, something happened that required me to get involved.

As I entered the third floor of Morgan Hall, I called out, "Man on the floor." I didn't say this too loudly, because I didn't want wake the sleeping young college girls.

"Oh shit!" I heard from around the corner. There was probably some young sweetie who didn't want me to see her in her nightie. Sure enough, a fresh face popped out around the corner. "Uh, hi there," she said.

"Hello. I'll wait in the stairwell until you get back in your room, miss," I said.

"No, wait!" she said. "I need your help."

"What seems to be the problem, miss?" I asked in my best Adam-12 tone.

"There's a bat in my room!" she exclaimed.

"A what?"

"A bat! A big, hairy, smelly flying rodent! I was lying in bed reading, and it landed right on my book!"

"Are you okay?" I asked.

"It scared the shit out of me, but I'm fine. I ran out of my room, and my door closed behind me. I'm locked out of my room in my underwear!"

I tried hard to suppress a smile. "That sounds like quite a dilemna. I'll tell you what," I said, "I'll open your room, shoo the bat out, and let you back in."

"That'd be great, thanks. It's room 309, right there."

Room 309 was right next to me. The card on the door read KERI STEVENS. I unlocked her door with my master key.

"All right, Keri. Call for back up if I'm not out in five minutes," I said with a wink.

I entered her room and closed the door behind me. Keri's room was a little messy. Clothes were strewn across the floor, open books scattered everywhere. Empty Diet Coke cans littered the landscape. I found a tennis racket in a corner, and brandished it, hunting for the intruder. Soon I spotted it, clinging to the wall in the far corner. Keri's window was already open so I swung the racket towards the bat. It jumped off the wall and flew towards the door, away from the open window. 

I chased after the bat, flailing wildly at it. I tried to corral it out the window, but it wouldn't cooperate. Finally, the ornery rodent landed on Keri's desk near the open window. I flailed my arms madly, yelling at the rodent. It bared its teeth at me and hissed. I swiped at the bat, but struck the desklamp instead. The lamp crashed to the floor loudly. The noise must have done the trick. The bat flapped its hairy wings and took off out the window.

I quickly closed the window behind it. I knelt beside Keri's bed and picked up the boken pieces of her lamp. I glanced at the magazine on Keri's pillow. It was an adult publication, opened to explicit photos of a man and woman having hot sex. The man, I noticed, was wearing a police uniform. 

I deposited the broken glass in the waste basket, then glanced through several pages of Keri's fuck mag. This was pretty raunchy stuff, showing stiff dicks stuffed in tight twats. I replaced her magazine the way I had found it, opened the door and stepped into the hallway.

"Keri?" I called.

Keri's fresh young face, framed by short, light brown hair, popped around the corner.

"Did you get it?' she asked.

"Yes I did. But I'm afraid I also broke your lamp," I said.

"What?!?" she exclaimed, stepping into the hallway. Keri was a short, petite girl. Her slender arms were wrapped around her bare breasts. She wore only yellow cotton panties, riding low on her narrow hips. 

"I'm sorry," I said. "It was an accident." I watched as Keri quickly shuffled past me into her room. I followed her, examining her bare back, slender waist, and shapely ass.

"Oh, no," she said. "My poor lamp!"

"I really am sorry about that. I'll buy you a new one," I offered.

"No, you don't have to do that," she said, turning to face me, still clutching her bosom. "I'm just glad you got that nasty beast out of my room."

"Just be sure to close your window at night from now on," I said.

Keri batted her pretty eyes at me. "My hero! Who says there's never a cop around when you need one!"

"I couldn't help but notice," I said, glancing at the magazine on her pillow, "that you have a thing for men in uniform."

Keri's face turned beet red. She reached for the magazine, exposing her voluptuous breasts. She stuffed the dirty mag under her pillow quickly. 

I turned and started towards the door. "I'm sorry if I embarrassed you, Keri," I said, reaching for the doorknob.

"WAIT!" she called. "I like men out of uniform, too, y'know."

I paused at the door, my thoughts racing. I turned to face her. She stood by her bed, not bothering to cover up any longer. Her well rounded boobs proudly defied gravity. Her pink nipples were hard and erect. She sat down on her bed and scooted back, leaning against the wall.

"Take your clothes off for me," she said.

I stood in the middle the the room and unfastened my duty belt, dropping it to the floor with a thud. I slowly opened my trousers and slid them down, maintaining eye contact with Keri. She smiled broadly, watching me. My penis was by now straining against the confines of my under shorts. Keri slipped her hand inside her yellow panties and rolled her eyes in delight.

I slowly unbuttoned my uniform shirt and let it fall off my frame to the floor, exposing my bare chest and shoulders.

"Ooohh," Keri said. She worked one hand slowly inside her cotton panties, while the other stroked her beautiful breasts and erect nipples.

I stepped out of my pants and walked to the edge of the bed. My rock hard penis was poking its head out the top of my shorts. Keri's eyes grew wide as she examined my bulging manhood. She took a hand off her breast and lightly touched the exposed tip of my cock, collecting some precome on her fingertip. She stuck her finger deep into her mouth, and slowly pulled it out, sucking it clean.

"Mmmm... tasty," she pronounced.

Keri scooted to the edge of her bed and leaned forward. She ran the tip of her tongue in tiny circles around the exposed head of my tool as she grasped my balls through my shorts. She looked up at me, smiling as she stroked me through my underwear. Keri placed her hands on my hips and slid my undershorts down, letting my dick spring free. She grasped my rod firmly, stroking it slowly as she sucked the head of my penis into her mouth. With her other hand, she reached around and grabbed a handful of my ass. She pulled me closer as she took more of my manmeat into her warm mouth. 

She slurped noisily as she bobbed her head, sucking hungrily on my cock. She tickled my nutsack as she squeezed my asscheeks firmly. She popped my dick out of her mouth and licked the length of my shaft in long delicious strokes. This petite woman parted her lips and amazingly took my entire cock into her mouth. She slurped and sucked, bobbed and stroked on my dick. I felt that familiar tingle in my balls, as my pleasure increased. When Keri felt my dick twitch in her mouth, she grunted and moaned, encouraging me on. Keri sucked me harder and stroked me faster, slurping along happily. A bolt of electricity shot through my loins as my dick jumped in her mouth. I furiously fucked her face as I pumped my load down her throat. Keri gobbled it up and sucked me dry.

Keri slid her lips off my dick and tenderly licked it. She kissed it and smiled up at me. "My turn!" she announced.

She plopped back in her bed, her delicious legs hanging over the edge. I kneeled before her and put my hands on her hips. I stared at the outline of her wet cunt through her yellow cotton panties. With one finger, I pulled her panties to one side, exposing her bald pussy. Keri spread her legs wide and wiggled her hips in anticipation. Her pink hairless pussy glistened with her juices. I leaned forward and tasted her sweet nectar. 

I licked the length of her wet slit with the tip of my tongue. She moaned softly in appreciation. I slid one hand under her butt, squeezing her firm ass. With the other hand I gently spread her bald cunt wide. I slipped my tongue into her wet hole before flicking it at her hard little clit. I squeezed her ass tightly and licked at her lovebutton. She thrust her hips at me, pushing her hot wet pussy against my mouth. I sucked and licked hard on her hot clit. Keri cried aloud thrusting her hips at me. She ran her fingers through my hair and pulled my head close against her buzzing cunt. I slid a finger inside her and slowly worked it in and out. She moved her hips to match my rhythm. I licked and sucked her hard swollen clitoris as I fingerfucked her juicy hole. Her body shuddered and she cried out in pleasure. I increased my pace, licking her clit as fast as I could. She screamed louder. Keri's body convulsed and her hips thrust at me hard. 

As her body calmed and her climax subsided, I climbed into bed beside her, holding her close. As I caressed her fine young flesh, she licked her pussy juice off my face. 

"Mmmm. Yummy!" Keri said, licking my lips.

I smiled at this kinky young vixen as she pulled her panties off and climbed on top of me. She straddled my waist and rubbed her wet sloppy pussy against my revived hardon, before guiding me to her waiting hole. Slowly, she lowered her hips, taking my manhood inside her hot tight cunt. I watched as my dick slowly disappeared inside her hairless vagina, feeling her hot pussy walls tight around my rod. Her face contorted, as if in pain, as her snatch expanded to accept my tool. Her bald pussy lips finally reached the base of my cock and her frozen expresion of pain slowly melted into pleasure.

"Oooh, that feels good," she said. She sat motionless, enjoying the length and girth of cock inside her. Slowly, she moved her hips up and down in short strokes. My dick slid in and out of her tight bald cunt. She inhaled sharply at the sensation. She quickened her pace, sliding up and down on my stiff dick. She cried aloud in pleasure. I thrust my hips at her, driving deeper inside her sweet snatch with each delicious thrust. She rode my cock like a mad woman, her petite young body moving faster and faster. Her tits jiggled as she fucked me hard. Her body trembled as another orgasm welled up within her slender hips. Keri screamed as her passion built. I thrust deep into her tight twat, grabbing her hips and pulling her down onto my cock. Her body shook and her pussy contracted madly around my dick. Her hips bucked wildly in the throes of passion. 

Breathing hard, Keri spun her limber body and legs around, still clenching my dick tightly with her pussy, into a reverse cowgirl position. I watched her cute ass as she continued sliding up and down on my penis. She leaned into it and fucked as hard as her small body could. I placed my hands firmly on her hips and pulled her further down on my dick with each stroke. Her cries of pleasure echoed in the room as she rode me hard. I felt my excitement building as she pounded her tight box onto my rock hard cock. Faster and faster, her fine body bounced up and down on my dick. With one hand she tickled her clit, while the other held my nutsack. My balls tingled as she gently massaged them. With each each stroke, I thrust hard into Keri's tight wet pussy, lifting her clear off the bed. Keri felt my cock jerk wildly inside her. She screamed madly and her body convulsed as our passion overwelmed us. I shot my load into her hungry pussy as her body shuddered. She screamed in ecstasy.

Keri jumped off my penis and spun around. She wrapped her mouth around my dripping dick, and sucked me dry. She licked my cock and balls, slurping up our love juices. When she had thoroughly cleaned my manhood, she curled up in my arms, pressing her tender body tightly against mine.

She purred warmly in my ear, nuzzling my face. "Next time you come this way, bring your partner with you," Keri whispered.

"Who, Amy?" I asked. Amy was the pretty young student officer I had been training. I had recently taught her the finer points of performing a cavity search.

"Yeah, Amy. I might like women in uniform, too!"