 I remembered how he looked the first time I seen him. His name was Jack. He was wearing faded jeans and a black t-shirt, his arm muscles were bulging as he lifted the boxes and carried them into the house next door. He looked like a movie hunk to me. He had dark hair, overly long, that fell over his green eyes, big arms, flat stomach, tight buns and a face that belonged on the big screen. He must have been about thirty five then which would make him about forty five now to my twenty three. Him, his wife and two kids moved in the summer I turned thirteen. I had just become officially boy crazy as my mother liked to say.

His wife was beautiful with her blond hair and blue eyes, the rubber stamp cheerleader type with big boobs and tiny waist. Her name was Jessica, of course. She was evil. Well, that's how I saw her anyway. Probably because she was married to the man that, at thirteen, I just knew I was in love with. Even though I didn't know his name yet and had only seen him from my bedroom window. 

They had two sons, Dillon and Jake, fifteen and thirteen respectively. Dillon didn't interest me as he wasn't cute and at that age, it's all about being cute you know. Jake on the other hand was my age and a real cutie. We became fast friends and eventually dated from sixteen to eighteen. We were each others first everything. First kiss, first peek down the pants and up the skirt, first curiosity touch, and first lovers. We stayed together until graduation, when he went off to college out in California, but that's a whole other story.

The five years I lived next to Jack, I got to know him like you would any neighbor and father of your friend and boyfriend. He was always nice to me and always told me what a pretty girl I was. He would tease me about being able to do so much better than Jake. The crush died down but apparently it stayed hidden inside me just waiting to come to life again. During my senior year in high school my parents divorced and I moved with my mother across town to an apartment complex. I hadn't seen Jack since graduation. 

Two days ago, I was coming out of the Java Hut, a little café a block from the office where I worked as an office manager, when I heard a deep voice call my name. I turned and looked and sitting at one of the little sidewalk tables was Jack. He stood and said, "I thought that was you in there, how have you been?"

I walked over to where he was, "Mr. Miller, it's so nice to see you. I'm fine, how are you?" I sounded cool and collected and pleasantly surprised, but inside I was thinking, ‘holy shit he is still gorgeous', and my heart was beating a mile a minute. He asked me to sit down. I did and we chatted for about half an hour about my mother, his family, how Jake was doing in California, that kind of thing. Just catching up. It was very nice, but there was something about the way he looked at me that had my heart doing flip flops. I wasn't sure if it was just the old crush acting up or if he really was checking me out like it seemed. I did notice his eyes straying to the cleavage that was showing. I have good breasts, they are firm and nicely shaped, not overly huge but a nice size and real. I like showcasing them. He told me he had to run but ask me if I'd like to join him again tomorrow for another coffee. I said I would and he left. 

The next day I joined him again at the set time. I wasn't sure why I did it, but I took extra care with my appearance that morning. I liked what looked back at me from the mirror. I won't call myself beautiful. People tell me I have a pretty face. My hair is black and wavy, coming to rest just below my shoulders. I have brown eyes and a long neck. I think my figure is my best asset. I'm not skinny, I have some padding but it must be in all the right places because I get my share of looks and offers. As I mentioned my breasts are very nice, my waist isn't tiny but it's small. My hips have some meat on them. I guess you could say I have an hourglass figure. My legs are long and lean, my last lover said they were dancers legs. I wore a red blouse with the top three buttons open to show my cleavage, a black skirt that came about three inches above the knee, dark stockings and black pumps. I noticed that he looked me up and down several times as I approached him.

We chatted for a few minutes as we drank our coffee. Then he reached out and covered my hand with his. He said, "Jilly, I have to tell you, you are a very beautiful young woman. I always thought you were pretty, but you have matured into a beautiful woman." 

I could feel myself blushing and I didn't know what to say. I just said "Thank you."

He laughed, "I didn't mean to make you blush Jilly."

The way he said my name made my heart skip a beat. That old crush was alive and well. He still looked great. His hair had a touch of gray now and was cut short, there were laugh lines around his eyes. His body looked to be still in good shape, though I couldn't see much since he was wearing a suit. I could tell he had a little bit of a tummy though.

He sighed and said, "Jilly, can I ask you a personal question?" 

"Sure, go ahead." I said.

He looked at me for a few seconds then asked, "Were you and Jake ever lovers?"

I was shocked at first but then I answered him honestly and told him that we were. He began asking me more specific questions like, how old were we, what did we do, where did we do it, that sort of thing. The whole time he was asking me, his fingers were rubbing the back of my hand. It was strange to be ask these things by my ex-boyfriends father but in a way, it was exciting to be talking of sex to this man that I had a crush on years before. I was glad that he had picked a table that was not too close to the others. He finally asked me, "Was it good for you with him? I mean…", his hand closed around mine and held it now, "…did he make you cum?"

I just looked at him for a few seconds then said, "Jack why are you asking me all these questions? It's a little weird. You are Jakes father."

"I know, but there is a reason. Can you tell me please? Did he give you orgasms?" he asked again.

I bit my lip and answered him, "Twice."

"Tell me about them please. How did it happen? Was it from oral sex or while fucking? Excuse my language." He went on. "I need to know for a reason Jilly. I want to get your sexual past with my son out in the open so that the next thing I tell you wont be as strange for you."

I pulled my hand away but he grabbed it again. "Relax sweetheart", he told me.

I looked into his eyes and while I sort of expected to see the eyes of a perverted old man getting off on hearing about his sons sex life, that's not what I seen. Instead I seen a rather kind smile and what appeared to be desire. It was like some sort of spell was being cast over me. It immediately relaxed me and I began to talk. "Well, we were seventeen when we first began as I told you, so we didn't know a whole lot. Most of what we did was me giving him blowjobs in the beginning. The first time I had an orgasm, was while I was blowing him. We were in his room one day after school, he was sitting against the headboard and I was lying across the bed with my head in his lap sucking him. He pushed up my skirt and put his hand inside my panties and was sliding his fingers in and out of me and rubbing my clit with the heel of his hand. That was when I had my first one." He didn't say a word just kept looking at me so I continued.

"The second one was the last time, right before he went off to college and we broke up. We were in my room, mom was at work and we took advantage. We did it once on the bed missionary style. It was nice but I didn't come. We napped and when he woke up he started licking me. He was hard again so we did it again using different positions. The last one we tried was me on my knees on the floor and him behind me. He reached around and rubbed my clit while he fucked me and I came. That's it."

"Oh Jilly, I've got this picture of you cumming in my mind." He said.

I was beginning to get a little horny myself, just talking about it. I ask him, "Why do you need to know these things? You said there was a good reason."

"There is." He said. "Jilly…yesterday wasn't the first time I've seen you. I caught sight of you nearly there weeks ago coming out of there." He nodded toward the Java Hut. "I knew it was you. I've been coming here just to see you."

I was shocked. "What? Why?" I asked.

He gave a little laugh, "You haven't figured it out yet?"

"No." I told him, getting a little annoyed at his laughter. "Why don't you tell me."

He smiled, "Do you remember how I used to tell you how pretty you were and you could do better than Jake?"

"Yes, so?" I answered.

"That may have seemed innocent at the time, but in reality, I thought you were a hot little number and I greatly envied my son." He said. "You were so lovely and so sweet. You weren't like those other high school girls. You had passion for things other than shopping and boys. You were mature beyond your years. I was actually glad when you moved away and stopped coming around to see Jake." 

I was confused, "Why?" 

"Because I was a grown man, old enough to be your father and I found myself wanting you. I was jealous of my own son. I lay awake on nights you had a date and wonder if he was slipping his hand down your panties. If he knew what your lips felt like on his dick. I wondered if when you finally made love with him if he would hold you and treat you like you deserved to be treated or if he would take his pleasure and leave you wanting." He spoke with such feeling that I almost felt sorry for him.

"Jack…" I started to say, but he stopped me. 

He went on, "I hated myself for feeling that way and for thinking those thoughts. My god, I even got hard thinking about you and then had sex with my wife. I can't believe I never called out your name instead of hers. You turned me on Jilly. Turned me on in a way my wife hadn't in years." 

I was stunned. "I don't know what to say about this Jack. If it makes you feel any better, I had a crush on you for years."

He gave a hearty laugh. "Oh Jilly, you still have that innocence about you. That was one of the qualities I liked most in you. Make me feel better? I just told you I had a perverted lust for you. That hardly equates with a little crush."

His eyes were twinkling, I felt at ease again. There were something about those eyes. I told him, "Well, to be honest with you, when I was fifteen, before Jake and I started dating. I fantasized that you took my virginity. I thought about you the first time I ever touched myself." I actually blushed telling him that. "But…you said there was a reason you need to know, was that it? Just so you could confess that stuff?"

He got serious, "No. As I said, I'd been watching you and all that feeling, that lust and desire for you came back to me. I want you Jilly. I want to be with you. For three weeks now I have been wanting you in a way I haven't wanted a woman in a long time. You have been consuming my thoughts. Every woman I see suddenly becomes you. I even ask a women out to dinner last week, hoping to have sex. I thought maybe all I needed was to screw a woman, any woman. When the time came, I kissed her and took of her blouse, I cupped her breast. When I opened my eyes and looked at the tit in my hand, I felt nothing and the only thought in my head was that I bet Jilly's tits are firmer. Do you know what I did? I made her turn over on her stomach while I fucked her from behind because I didn't want to see her face. I pretended it was you."

I didn't know what to say, I just sat there with my mouth hanging open. I tried to speak but nothing came out. 

He spoke. "Tell me honestly, Is there any chance that you could want me in that way too? I know I'm being very bold here, but I have to know. Do you have any idea what it's like to sit here and watch you, feeling my dick growing harder and harder? Everyday! Did you notice I'm the only person still wearing an overcoat outside here? It's not because I'm cold." He smiled then. "When I leave here after seeing you, I get into my car, drive to my office, go into my bathroom pull down my pants, sit on the chair and jerk off while thinking about you doing all kinds of things to me and me to you. That's the truth Jilly. I don't tell you that to embarrass you or freak you out. I just want you to know I'm serious."

He stopped and moved his chair around to sit next to me, He took a key out of his pocket, placed it in my hand then took my hand in both of his. "Jilly, not tomorrow, but the next day, I'm going to be in room seven of the Deer Lake Motel. If you want, come to the room at 6pm. The only other thing I'm going to say is I know it will be good with us. I can tell." Before he got up, he took my other hand and lowered it to his lap. He was indeed hard. I felt a shiver go up my spine as my hand made contact with the hardness in his pants. "Goodbye for now Jilly. I really hope I'll see you on Thursday." He got up and left me sitting there astounded and more than slightly turned on, knowing that he was going to be relieving himself to thoughts of me.

************************************************

As I sat in my car down the street from the motel, I wondered if I should be doing this. I've been wondering for the past two days. I mean it's not like anyone is getting hurt. I'm single and he and his wife were separated. It's just sex after all and I haven't had that in a while. I was due. I'm a very sexual person and I haven't had a boyfriend or even a date for over a month now. My best friend lately had been Mr. Buzzy. That's what I call my vibrating, life like dildo. Mr. Buzzy was lots of fun with his eight inches of soft rubbery skin, lifelike shaft complete with balls and bulbous head, but I sure missed having a real man. I wanted to do this, I really did. It would be like finally getting to live out a fantasy I've had since I was a teenager. 

I made up my mind. I drove to the motel and went to room seven. I used the key and went inside. He was there. He stood as I entered. The look on his face told me how pleased he was. He walked toward me, stopping in front of me. He placed his hands on my face, "You came. I'm so glad." Then he leaned down and kissed me gently. I suddenly felt like a schoolgirl. Yet at the same time, I knew what was going to happen and I was becoming hornier by the minute. I kissed him back, more passionately then the one he gave to me. To my surprise he pushed me back.

"What's wrong? I thought this was what it was all about?" I said.

He looked into my eyes and said, "It is Jilly but I don't want to rush things. Lets take our time."

I said okay and sat down on the bed, I ask why we were here and not at his place. He told me Dillon was staying with him and he didn't want him to see his father with his brothers ex-girlfriend. 

He stood in front of me, "I want you to undress me. Then I will undress you. I want us to explore each others bodies before we come together." 

He was wearing a suit, and he had already taken off his jacket and tie. I pulled his shirt tail out of his pants and unbuttoned it. I slid it off his shoulders and down his arms till it fell on the floor. His chest had some hair but not a lot. His formally flat stomach now had a bit if a pooch but it in no way diminished his sexiness to me. I placed my hands on his chest and let them caress him, gliding slowly over his nipples which immediately got hard. I teased them then leaned in and gave each one a kiss. He sighed and said "Yes that's right, explore me."

His words encouraged me, so I took a nipple into my mouth and gently sucked on it, then pulled it with my teeth. I let go and licked over it. Then I did the same to the other one. His hands had found their way into my hair and he was whispering, ‘yes, oh yes'.

I pushed him into sitting on the bed and I removed his shoes and socks. I took his hands and pulled him to his feet, never saying a word. I undid his belt buckle, then his pants. I pushed them down till they fell and he stepped out of them. I was a little surprised to see that he wasn't yet hard. I slipped my hands into his shorts and pushed them down. He stepped out of them also. His dick was still soft, it was about four inches and his balls hung low, they were large. He was free of hair. I let my hands slid around and caress his buttocks. What I really wanted to do was dive on that cock and make it hard but I had to be patient. I slid my hand around front again and let them rub his thighs while I kissed his chest again. I started letting myself kiss lower and lower till I got to his dick. I was on my knees. I kissed his thighs and took his dick in my hand. I looked up into his face and he said, "suck it Jilly, I've worked so to keep from getting hard so I could grow in your mouth".

I placed the head between my lips and flicked my tongue over it. He groaned, "Oh yes".

I took all of his soft dick in my mouth and worked my tongue around it. He started to grow. As he grew in length and girth, I began letting my lips slide up and down his shaft. He moaned louder, telling me how good it felt and how he never had it like that before. I abandoned his cock and sucked his balls into my mouth. I love sucking balls almost as much as sucking cock. After some minutes of sucking his balls and cock he said, "Stop baby, you have to stop or I'll cum in your mouth."

I looked up, still stroking his cock with my hand I said, "it's okay, I don't mind. I want your cum."

He said, "Not yet, I want to explore you now."

I got up off my knees and he began undressing me just as I had him. His method was almost identical to mine. He pulled my shirt over my head and placed kisses on the tops of my tits that bulged out of my black lace bra. He opened it and slid it off of me, tossing it on the floor.

"You have great tits Jilly, they're perfect", he said as he kneaded my tits and pinched my already hardened nipples, then brought his mouth them and greedily sucked one then the other. I urged him on, "Oh yes Jack that feels so good." 

Then just as I had done with him, he sat me down and removed my shoes and socks. Then I stood up already knowing what was to come next. He removed my jeans and rubbed his had over my ass which wasn't covered as I was wearing a thong. He caressed my ass and suckled my tits some more before removing the wisp of cloth covering my now wet pussy. I too was shaved. He looked at me and said, "I knew you would be even more beautiful nude. You are a work of art Jilly".

He rubbed his hands along my thighs till my legs parted somewhat and then let his hand cover my mound. He closed his eyes and said, "I never thought this would happen. I have never felt this much anticipation with anyone…ever." His fingers began moving separating my pussy lips. "You are so wet and slippery already. You want this as badly as I do don't you?"

"Yes, oh yes I do. I want it so bad." I told him.

His finger pushed inside me and I gasped, he stroked me a few times then inserted a second finger. I whimpered at the feeling of his fingers slowly fucking me. He removed his hand and fell to his knees. He leaned into me and sighed, I felt his tongue snake out and lick at me. I gasped again, "OH…my god", he repeated the action again and again. He licked at me, letting his tongue glide between the lips, over the opening and flicking at my clit. 

I could barely stand it, I grabbed onto his head pushing against it. I felt my knees start to buckle. He guided me to the bed. I sat down and he stayed on his knees. I spread my legs as I sat there and he went back to work. He licked and sucked and nibbled. Now and then his tongue would dart inside of me. I felt myself starting to cum. "Oh Jack!" I screamed, "I'm gonna cum!"

That seemed to urge him onward. He concentrated on my clit till I felt waves of pleasure begin to splinter out from my core. "Yes oh god yes Jack! I'm cumming, I'm cumming."
