  Author's note: Many people meet someone online that touches their lives, whether it be romantic or just as close friendship, you know who they are.

I watch the sun glisten through the window, small particles of dust sparkle as they float through the air. I hear a rustle next to me and my breathing stops and I think to myself...who is with me? I feel soft kisses on my neck, my eyes widen even more, a strong hand rest on my hip while another plays with my hair. I feel as if I know this touch, these caresses, I take a deep breath and another kiss covers my neck. I think to myself that I am in a most wonderful dream. I close my eyes trying to recapture it, to keep him here with me. I want this to be real, but I know it cannot, so to dream; is to live. My dream continues as his lips travel lower to my shoulders, his hand moves up to my breast. I feel the smile on my face as my dream begins to settle around me, letting me know his touch. His fingers pinch my nipple and I gasp in shock, my eyes fly open as the color drains from my face. I am awake, I know I am. I see and feel a hand on my breast, not a figment of my imagination, but a hand. I know those fingers, that hand, that arm wrapped around me. I've never touched him, never felt him, never saw him but from a picture, but his hand, his body is so familiar to me as if it were my own.

Suddenly it all comes rushing back to me, the wish he shared with me. The wish he longed for, the only thing he asked for was one day, 24 hours with me. A day to spend with each other, that would not hurt or affect anyone else. When that time was over and we parted, each one of us, would hold a most precious gift to our hearts. I am in shock as I come to understand that it has happened, we have been given our 24 hours, our time to love, learn, laugh, and experience. I turn over and face him, my eyes cloud over with tears and he smiles at me. I see the dried path of the tears he had shed when he woke up and realized where he was. My cry of love is pulled from my body. I wrap my arms tight around him, my tears cover his shoulder as he comforts me and strokes my hair. I hear his words of love, his murmurs of gentle reminders of not using our time to weep but, to love and enjoy.

I shake my head yes and dry my eyes, looking up into my lovers face, I bring my lips to his. Our kiss begins like the first kiss of a teenager, new, seeking, learning until it becomes the kiss of two love starved adults. Two people destined to be forever apart but, allowed this one day, the next 24 hours to love as neither had loved before. I move my hands over his body memorizing it. My tongue works with his, each of us learning how the other taste, each of us finding out where each place inside our mouths need the most attention. Our heads angle to the left, then the right, moving constantly not getting enough of the other, seeking each way to deepen our kiss until we release each other to gather in great gulps of air.

His mouth moves and kisses are rained across my forehead, down over each eyebrow, my eyes close as his mouth kisses each one. I feel his mouth kiss my cheeks, my jaw and over to my chin. He bites gently and moves back up the other side of my face tasting me along the way. My own hands touch his hair, feels its softness between my fingers. I picture his face in my head and I memorize it with my hands and fingers, the cut of his hair, the texture of it, the shape of his skull. I learn every part of his shape so I can keep it with me forever. My fingers trace his ears, neck and collarbone. He looks up into my eyes and slowly kisses me again, his tongue now traces and memorizes the shape of my lips, the curve of them, even the small cleft of my upper lip. I hear myself moan against his onslaught of tenderness, as he moves his lips to my neck, I open my eyes and thank the heavens for our gift. His mouth goes to the center of my neck feeling my pulse. He smiles against me as he sucks and nips at my white skin. His lips move across my neck, up to my right ear, to tug and pull at the lobe, then trace the curve of it. 

My hand moves over his back and I feel his skin underneath my touch. Each hand learns his shape, being sure to take note of how each muscle moves and feels as his body presses against mine. I watch his shoulders move as his mouth works on my ear and neck. His arm flexes while I watch the chords of muscle working to control his passion. His mouth kisses me quickly as it moves to my left lobe causing shivers down my spine. His hot breath caresses over my ear and he once again kisses and tugs more sensitive flesh. I had not realized that there was so much on a person's face to memorize, but memorize, he does. I know he'll leave here in the end and when he does he'll know every part of my face, as I will his.

He looks up at me and I see a hunger I have never seen in a man's eyes before, a hunger for me. I see a need to possess. I whisper "I love you" to him and his smile lights up brighter then the sun. As he slowly moves down my body, his tongue traces a path cooling my hot flushed skin. I feel my hands rest on his arms as he lifts away from me for a moment. "Leave your arms here," he tells me in a voice I had only heard once on the phone. My heart sings to hear his sound escaping his lips. He places my hands above my head my fingers intertwine together. "Watch me, " he demands. So I do. I wait for my dream lover to become my real lover as he moves to sit on the edge of the bed and gaze down upon my body. I feel his eyes take in the different shades of red in my hair, the way the light hits it and the way it curls naturally over my shoulders. He reaches out and touches a group of curls that have fallen across my forehead, kissing my hair and breathing in my scent. "Intoxicating" is all I hear as I feel my eyes close again as he whispers, "Sweetheart, watch me."

My passion filled eyes open to watch him. I watch my lover take my right arm from my head to place it between his hands. He begins to slide his hand up and down its length. His fingers learning the shape of my upper arm, he moves down to my elbow feeling the crevice, pressing his lips against the inside. I watch his lips kiss my lower arm turning it over and learning the taste of it, his breath stirs the light hairs and I shiver. His hand brings mine to his lips and he turns my palm over, his tongue licks the lines found there as if he were reading my palm, telling our future. His teeth nips at my skin as he curls my fingers around his and places a kiss on each knuckle, then slowly draws each digit into his mouth. I am mesmerized by this way of love-making. I realize that he is not focused on one part of my body, but he is focused on the whole being. Every part of me will be touched, learned, memorized so that each of us knows that though we'll be apart we'll always be together...here in this moment. My eyes widen to the new shocks running through my veins as each finger is drawn into his mouth, his tongue stroking each one as if it were the first. I feel the smoothness and roughness of his tongue as it circles my fingers, one by one each is treated to its own sexual delight.

I moan as he puts my hand back to the top of my hair and once again I intertwine them. His lips touch mine as he holds both of my hands together and our kiss deepens. "Close your eyes," he tells me. "I want you to feel, feel me love you. Just feel." I close my eyes, waiting to feel my lover learn my body. His mouth hovers over my chest, I feel the warm air of his breath caressing my skin, not knowing where it will land. My body jerks up as his mouth makes contact with me. His tongue runs from the side of my waist up to the middle of my right side. I feel the moist kisses he leaves behind as one hand presses against me, lifting me slightly, while the other slips under my shoulder. His tongue traces the ribs of my body and moves slowly to the outer curve of my breast. He sucks tenderly and slowly till I moan in pleasure and twist my body trying to get him to kiss the hard nipple. He moves his right hand up my stomach and splays his fingers across it, petting it back and forth, and moving it slowly up to cup my left breast. 

I feel the bed sag and I open my eyes to see him prop himself on his elbow. He places his hand on his head and looks relaxed and quite pleased with himself as he watches his finger trace my nipple. He senses my gaze and looks up at me, winking he says "You peeked." I hear myself chuckle, smiling, turning my eyes to watch my own nipple harden under both our gazes. His finger draws lazy circles around the hard bud, letting each small bump that surrounds it rise up and be noticed. He traces the shape of my nipple, following the outer edge where its color separates itself from the rest of my breast. He cups my breast in his hand, slowly sliding it back and forth, feeling its weight and grins as he loves its size. I watch as my breast overflow his hands, sighing with pleasure as his tongue reaches out to flick its hard center. He looks up to me, sees my desire, and quickly returns to suck on the button he's brought to excitement. I hear his whispers of love as he murmurs words of passion over my breast, leaving the nipple only for brief moments to be exposed to the cool air in the room. I watch as he moves his body to lay partially on me. His arm rest on my stomach, his head holds just above my breast as if it is looking for just the right spot to kiss next. I long to just press his mouth against my skin and have him take me quick and fast but I know that we wish to relish this moment. His other arm is nestled against my side, his elbow pressed against me, so he is able to prop himself up and use both hands to hold this one globe of porcelain. I hear my throaty moans as he kneads and massages it. I hear an inaudible sound escape from my lips as his hands continue to rub and press my breast, covering the fine smooth skin until it feels as if it will burst into flames.

His mouth goes back to the nipple, his tongue covering it, licking it, circling it until it pushes it into his mouth. As the force of his desire builds up, my own scratches at my skin trying to claw its way free. I whisper his name, it falls from my lips like the leaves fall on an autumn breeze. Deeper I feel my breast go into his mouth as he moves his one hand to cover and tease the other nipple. My body arches up poised for his ministrations. I feel each suckle and tug from his mouth. My nipples ache from the onslaught of bites he has rained upon them, but I urge him on as I grasp his head and grind him against my breast. He moves quickly to cover the other nipple with his mouth and new sensations rock my body. Each pull and nip brings fire and heat to the surface of my skin. I feel so hot, so alive as if a volcano is springing forth from all the pores of my body as I feel my first orgasm rock through me. Wave after wave of lava course through me to collect against my pussy walls, waiting for something or someone to touch it, to bring it completely over the barrier of my lips.

He looks up into my flushed face and smiles at me, looking down at him I feel my face blush and lie one hand over my eyes. He comes up to me, moving my self made curtain, kissing my eyes closed, my nose then onto my lips. We share another long deep kiss and our tongues battle once more. I press kisses against his lips before he moves away from my body to stand at the side of the bed. I look down the length of my naked flesh and see my chest rise, my breath still ragged and hard. I glance at my pussy and notice a glistening sparkle, as the sun cast light upon my wet hairs. I see my legs spread apart for him, as if inviting him to share in the gift they usually protect and keep hidden. I look to the body standing before me, my eyes take in his erection and it jerks under my stare. I feel a smirk raise up on my lips and I know a sparkle has begun to show in my eyes as my mischievous nature springs forth.

He moves to place one knee on the bed as if he were going to crawl towards me, I beckon him with a smile, running my leg up his calf muscle. My leg and foot move up his thigh to curl around him, as my hands move to each arm. I raise myself up almost as if I were sitting up in front of him, using the weight of my body to turn him onto his back. I see the surprise of this new twist of fate and smile wickedly. I know had he been aware of my trick I would not have succeeded and he would now be between my legs. I straddle his hips and let his hard cock rest against the wet lips of my pussy. I sit there and let his body become accustomed to the feel of me. His cock strains to be allowed inside, but I make it wait, not knowing how long that will be, but knowing that it will be for quite awhile.

It is now my turn to learn his form. I push myself up, my wet pussy resting just above the head of his cock, bending down, my breast touch his chest. My mouth begins a quest to learn him, to search every part of his face and neck until all pieces of his features are burned into my mind, storing his taste on the buds of my tongue. My breast push against his chest as I bend my arms and place one on each side of his face. Our heads are just inches away from each others as I gaze deep into his eyes, seeing my own reflection of love, I kiss them closed. With my lips closed I learn the shape of his brows, his forehead, his cheeks, running my lips smoothly along them, petting his face. My mouth opens to nibble at his jaw, then his ear, where I too tug and pull the lobe as he did mine. I feel his hands clench my waist and he moves my pussy over his cock, not letting it enter him, but letting it become lathered in the cum that is resting, waiting to be used.

I moan as I feel his cock quiver against me, sitting up, taking his hands from my hips, I place one on my breast and the other I hold in my hands. His hand cups my breast and teases my nipple as I massage circles into his upper arm, kneading the muscle, relaxing it, learning it. I let both my hands move down to his elbow, where I trace it with my nails as he had done with mine, learning the feel of it and the texture of the hairs on his arm. I turn his arm over and trace the veins with my fingers, following them to his wrist, my fingernails trace the path of veins slowly, methodically, bringing his wrist up to flick with my tongue. I taste his skin, feel his pulse then lick his palm. I hear his breathing increase as I suck each finger deep into my mouth, as if each one were a cock, needing drained of fluid. My own pussy wiggles against the hard rod, that aches for me to ride it. I lower my lovers hand to his thigh and I scoot my body further down his.

My pussy once again teases the shaft of his cock, the lips separate just enough to let themselves fold over his firmness. As I lower myself to learn his nipples I let my own breath cover his skin. His hand comes up to hold my hair away from my face so he can watch me slowly lick his body. I trace his nipple with my tongue, letting it raise up from the center and form a hard, firm, button. My teeth latch on to it, pulling gently so that my tongue can run across the clenched tip. Moving back and forth across the nipple my tongue teases it, before my teeth release and my mouth sucks gently. My other hand reaches down and rubs the head of his cock, feeling it pulsate in my grip. I rub the wetness that has been slowly covering it, due to my constant moving against the shaft, grasping his cock my hand gives a few long strokes. I bring my wet hand back up to his mouth, letting him suck the juice of my cunt from my fingers. My eyes watch his tongue circle my fingers drawing them deep into his mouth. My pussy becomes more soaked with juice, as I gyrate against his cock. Abandoning his mouth I let myself torment his other nipple, drawing it in to my fiery haven, sucking it hard, wanting to bring his body to a shivering rage as he had done mine. Pulling and tugging, I hear him call my name.

His hands grab my arms and he lifts me from his body, I squeal in surprise as once again he has me on my back. "You like to tease me." I hear him whisper in my ear, sending shivers down my spine. I look up to him and smile, shrugging my shoulders I hear my saucy reply "Maybe." His grin reminds me of a wolf, just before he devours the poor animals of the forest and I know that my lover is going to devour me. He reaches down to the edge of the bed and pulls a red scarf from the floor. I do not recognize it nor do I care, I feel my breathing increase as he slowly brings both my hands to the top of my head. He loops the scarf gently around my wrist, tying each hand together, then looping the ends around one of the center posts, in the headboard, he secures my hands. My eyes widen not from fear, but from desire. He knows that I have always wanted this, always wanted to be pleasured in this way. I feel my pussy clench and unclench its muscles, trying to bring forth more fluid.

He places pillows under my back and my head easing my position so I can watch his body snake further down mine. He pauses at my breast to give them both kisses and strokes before removing himself from the bed completely. I follow his body as he walks out of the room. I wait listening to the world around me. I hear the squirrels run across my roof and I hear the birds outside, the melodic sound of their chirping making me pause and listen intently. The noises are interrupted by the sound of the freezer door opening and closing. I hear the sounds of ice cubes hitting a glass, I shiver in excitement and wonder what game my lover will play next with me. I feel his presence move through my home as he makes his way back to our bed. I watch him coming towards me, in his hand, a glass containing 2 ice cubes. A grin spreads across my face and I swallow my breath. "May I ask what your planning on doing?" I hear the soft chuckle in my voice as I continue "Surely your not planning on using those on me are you?" His laugh fills the air as he shows no desire to answer me.

He lowers himself to the floor and places the glass next to him. I feel his hands pick up my foot kissing the heel before he tantalizes each toe. I try to focus on the sound of the glass, but am lost in the feeling of his fingers touching my foot, massaging it, making it feel as if it had never walked a day it its life. I melt into his hands as he kisses each toe, moving to my other foot and repeating each step, relaxing it to the point that it feels brand new. My thoughts are distracted and I dismiss the tinkling sound I hear in the distance. I squeal as the first cube hits my hot skin, retching myself up, forgetting about the bonds that hold me to the bed. I pull and twist, trying to move away from this cold demon. He runs the cube up and down my inner thigh letting it melt against my flushed skin. Slowly I become accustomed to it. Nearly gone now, he begins to run it across my other thigh and I am not as startled by its temperature. Glaring at him I raise one brow, daring him to try something like that again. He grins at me and shrugs his shoulders, as he places the glass on the table, I stare at the cube and hate it, wishing it would melt on the spot.

He moves his hands to my knees and opens my legs for him. I move my eyes back and watch his tongue lick the water left behind, sliding across my flesh. He drinks the clear moisture from my skin, I moan as I realize my own thirst needs quenched. I lick my lips moistening them. He looks up and watches me, slowly he rises from his place between my legs. His fingers dip into the glass taking the cube. I feel the cool ice being rubbed across my lips, my tongue draws the tip of it in. His eyes darken as I suck moisture into my mouth and slowly quench my thirst. He moves the cube in and out of my mouth as if it were his tongue moving with mine, thirsting for mine, relieving the thirst, as only he can. Closing my eyes I swallow the cool liquid and feel the cube leave my mouth. He trails it over my collarbone and between my breast, streams of cold water slide down across my skin. I shiver as it continues to be placed all over my chest, it runs across my nipples, first the left then the right. Slowly he brings it down to my belly and covers it with melted water. I watch the cube being placed in his mouth and a wicked smile crosses his features. "You wouldn't?" I hear the question in my voice, knowing the answer.
