 'Can I help you Sir?'  She gives him exactly what he wants.

I walk in through the open door. She is seated on a stool behind the counter, reading, dark hair falling forward masking her face. Her hand holds her cheek and the tip of her little finger rests between her lush lips. She looks up and reads something in my face for even though there is no-one else present she makes no sign of recognition. 

She decides to play it straight - the helpful travel agent. She gets off her stool and stands behind the counter. My cock is already erect in anticipation. I put my hand in my trouser pocket and masturbate. For a long minute she watches the masturbatory movement in the front of my trousers as I stroke the full length of my cock through the thin material of the pocket lining. She licks her lips, whether to wind up my lust or as an involuntary action she cannot control I know not. Then she looks up. Her eyes are hooded, deep, lustful. She puts one leg behind the other, slanting her hips and pushing out a buttock. She places her hands on the counter in front of her, rests her weight on spread fingers and says deadpan: 'Can I help you sir?'

I move forward and, still masturbating, rest the top of my thighs against the counter, with my engorged but trousered cock on the flat top.

I clear my throat.

'I'm interested in the brochures on the bottom shelf, but IÕm not sure which one I need.'

My voice is strange. Loud enough - but lifeless. Automatic. Not me. She looks behind her, considers the piles of leaflets, brochures and booklets. For a second she is slightly non-plussed. Then she realises the possibilities of my request and knows what I want her to do. She walks the two or three paces to the shelves behind her, high heels clicking quietly on the wooden floor, then she kneels down and balances on her haunches. The action pulls the hem of her dark blue skirt over her knees. She reaches out to touch one of the piles of travel brochures and looks up at me, still playing it straight.

'This one sir?'

She cannot be seen now by anyone outside. There is no-one about and the street is quiet. The atmosphere in the travel agent's is still and heavy. I look at her rounded knees.

'Pull your skirt up.'

She stands briefly, pulls her skirt up and squats back down. The hem of her skin is high across the broad thighs above her bent knees.

'Higher.'

She does a quick bounce and slides the skirt even higher. It is now back over the tautly stretched black nylon of her stocking tops. She is looking up at me, waiting, dark hair falling in waves round her face. Red lips parted. Her compliance makes me feel horny. I want to fuck her mouth. Pull her head onto my cock and force it deep into her mouth.

'I want to fuck your mouth,' I tell her.

She shudders. Looks at me with those heavy lidded, lustful eyes. Her mouth opens. Slowly she licks round her lips with her extended tongue.

It is my turn to shudder. I want to vault the counter, stand over her, bare my cock and push it into her mouth.

'Open your thighs.'

She drops her right knee to the floor, swivels her body slightly and raises her left knee. The new position opens up the top of her thighs to my gaze. I can see all the way up her right thigh, past the creamy white of her upper thigh to her knickers. I take my hand from my pocket and wrapping my fingers round my cock moving the thin cotton over it to continue the heavy slow masturbation.

'That's perfect,' I tell her.

Our little tableau - me concentrating on the view between her parted thighs and her watching the movement of my hands on the front of my trousers - is frozen in still life, The only thing disturbing the silence, the slight noise of my hand moving slowly but purposefully over my cock.

'I want to lick your cunt,' I tell her and she shivers slightly and clears her throat but says nothing.

Then the spell is suddenly broken. Footsteps sound outside. The door is pushed open. A woman enters the shop and comes to the counter. Annette is already walking towards me with a leaflet in her hand.

'I think you'll find everything in here sir.' I thank her politely and she turns to the woman. 'Can I help you madam?'

I go over to a side counter and write her a note, 'You make me feel so fucking horny. I want to lick my way up the insides of your thighs, spread your legs wide open and use my mouth and my tongue on your beautiful cunt. When you clock off for lunch at one o'clock I will be waiting at Queen Street car park for you. Take your knickers off first - it will make it easier for my tongue to find your clit so that I can start licking you ...'

I fold the note and take it over to where she is talking to the woman.

'That's the address. Please contact me if anything suitable comes up.'

'Of course sir, I hope that was of some help with what you wanted. We'll be in touch.' And she gives me a great big efficient 'Glad to help you, sir. Have a nice day' smile.

I leave the shop, closing the door quietly behind me I make my way to the nearby car park.

At two minutes past one she appears through the entrance to the car park. She sees my car and walks towards it. I watch her long legs and high heels edging the small puddles. Her full thighs stretch the material of her tight office skirt. When she gets close I lean over and open the back door. She climbs in and sits diagonally behind me. I face forward and ignore her. The silence in the car builds. I reach up and adjust my mirror, twisting it so that I can see her face. Our eyes meet. She looks very fuckable. A female ready for sex. She has been thinking about what will happen and her thoughts have left her eyes dull, lustful, ready.

'You look fucking gorgeous,' I tell her.

Her eyes smile. 'Thank you,' she says quietly.

'Did you take off your knickers?'

'Yes I did,' she breathes. 

'Look out of the window.'

She turns her head to the side and looks out.

'Pull your skirt up.'

I twist the mirror again to watch her legs. She raises her bottom off the seat and uses both hands to pull her skirt up her thighs.

'Put your right foot on the transmission tunnel and then open your thighs. I want to see your cunt. Keep looking out of the window.'

She lifts her right leg and rests the heel of her shoe on the tunnel. Her skirt pulls even further back as she stretches her thighs wide for me. I look at the dark mass of tangled hair where her white thighs join. She is excited. The inner lips of her cunt are clearly visible. They are slowly parting, stirring gently in the thicket of dark curly hairs like a small wakening animal.

I unzip my trousers and take out my cock. The noise of the zip sounds loud in the quiet car. I am massively erect

'Keep looking out of the window. Touch yourself. I want to watch you playing with your cunt. Masturbate for me.'

She moves down on the seat, opening her thighs wider. I watch in the mirror as her right hand appears sliding down through her cunt hairs. Slowly she uses her middle three fingers to stroke the top of her cunt lips over the site of her clit. A small slow circular motion. Her thighs start to flex and move as her fingers build her excitement.

The mirror is too narrow for me to see everything. I half turn in my seat to watch her. Her lips are parted, her eyes glazed and half closed. Her hands move over her cunt and her middle finger dips into her wetness and I can no longer see her finger tip.

I stroke my cock quickly while I watch her, my fist wrapped round the shaft and moving furiously up and down. I am very excited. I look at her face. She is breathing heavily and her lips are fuller now and drawn back slightly over her teeth. Her mouth is slightly open and her eyes are closed in concentration as her hand moves over her cunt. Her breathing becomes shallow and fast. There is a sound in her throat. Her thighs flex wider and then squeeze together. Her buttocks clench as she pushes her body forward in rhythm with her spreading thighs. She gasps. She is coming. She groans quietly. Her mouth is wide open. Then she comes down from her high, breathes out deeply. Her eyes are wide, her nostrils flared, her lips full and heavy. She looks totally animal. Satisfied. Well fucked, though I have not said a finger on her. She looks beautiful, fucking beautiful. I want to leap onto her and push my cock deep into her, deep into her wet cunt.

'Good?' I ask.

She looks at me heavy lidded, wanton, 'Mmmmmmmmm ...'

'Come here in the front.'

She opens her door, stumbles drunkenly out and climbs in beside me.

Right now she would do anything I told her.

I lean over and cover her mouth with mine. My tongue pushes hard into her wide-opened slack soft-lipped mouth. She makes noises in her throat again. I break away from her. I reach for the buttons on her blouse tearing them undone. I lift her brassiere up so that her heavy, full breasts swing free. I reach for her nipple, look her in the eye and tweak hard on it. She gasps. Her eyes are dull, her eyelids heavy with lust. I scramble her skirt back, pushing my hand between her thighs to force them open. Her cunt is all mush. I push two fingers deep inside her. She is all soft slippery velvet down there. There isnÕt room to fuck her in the car. My cock is twitching with excitement. My hands are quivering with lust. I lean back in my seat and hold my cock.

'Suck me off.'

She goes straight for it. Holds the base of my cock in her right hand. Her mouth opens as her head descends. My stretched and burning skin is bathed in the warmth and wetness of her mouth. I stroke the back of her head as she moves her mouth on me sliding her tongue over my cock, making wet sucking noises. I groan. Drop my hand to imprison her neck and push my cock up into the centre of her skull and erupt into her waiting mouth, spurt after spurt of scalding sperm. She swallows it greedily.

I rest my head against the coolness of the window and look down at her through dead, half-closed eyes. I am utterly drained.

Her head raises from my lap and my thick soft cock slips from her mouth. It is drenched with a mixture of saliva and come. She looks up at me, the light of mischief back in her eyes.

Will there be anything else, Sir?'

*****

This was a true incident. Sometimes a man gets greedy in his lust and just wants his own pleasure. This was one such occasion. 'Annette' told me afterwards she was turned so turned on by our little playlet that she closed the door in her office three times during the course of the afternoon to masturbate.

Is this a common reaction from a woman to what seems on the face of it 'a zipless fuck'? I would like to hear from any woman who has enjoyed a similar lustful incident where she has serviced a man - and enjoyed it.