 Just tried out this little roleplay with the fella... he seemed unbothered by the cheap pretense, so I hope you don't mind either. 

*****

Knock knock knock. 

Who the hell was at my door, on a Sunday no less? Some salesman, probably, trying to catch people when they're actually at home, when people are just trying to relax. Like frigging telemarketers who call during dinner, its completely reprehensible. I realize that everyone has to make a living, but really, come on! 

I could pretend that I wasn't home, like when Mormons came to the door, because damn, those fuckers were persistent. But I wanted to give this guy a piece of my mind. I had just decided on the right amount of profanity to use (less if the guy was bigger than me, more if he wasn't) when I reached the door and pulled it open. 

In front of me was one of the hottest women I had ever seen. I mean, really, I watch a fair amount of porn, but this woman... I felt my dick stir, just from looking at her. She was short, she barely came up to my shoulder so she must have been a little over five feet tall. She wasn't small though-she was stacked. Her tits were huge! Bigger than Kate Upton, a favorite of mine. More like that girl, on that show, Mad Men? The redhead. This one was a redhead too, dark though, and curly, halfway down her back. 

She clutched a folder to her chest. Her arms pressed together, her tits were pressed up nearly towards her chin. God, they were beautiful. I was fairly confident they were natural; they had a softness to them I knew would feel amazing next to my face... on my lips... under my tongue. 

And she was smiling at me, seductive and innocent at the same time. I don't know how she was doing it. Her big hazel eyes looked at me, expectantly. Was she waiting for me to say something?

"Can I... help you?" I stammered. What the fuck, I was tongue-tied? Was I 16? 

"I hope so," she said. "My name is Samantha. Could I interest you in a pair of pants?"

"Umm... what?"

Her smile broadened as she looked me up and down. Was she checking me out? 

"A pair of pants, tailored directly to your own unique... specifications," she emphasized, again, looking me up and down. "May I come in?"

I could do nothing but nod and point the way to the living room. She walked past me, smiling slyly. She was wearing a short blue dress, the waist of it directly under her massive chest. That was a dress clearly not tailored for her though, it appeared as her tits were liable to spill out at any moment. Not that I was complaining. 

Sitting on the table, Samantha placed her folder on the table and removed a measuring tape from a pocket in her dress. She didn't even wait for me to sit down before she started her sales pitch. "You know, tailored wardrobes are more affordable and common than you might think. In Vietnam, you can get a whole suit made in a day for less than 100 dollars." She looked up at me expectantly. 

"Look, I don't know what you're really doing here-"

"Just let me measure you, at least," she said, cutting me off. She held up the tape measure. "It won't hurt a bit, I promise." She didn't even wait for a response before she dropped to her knees in front of me. I had a clear shot down the top of her dress, down into her amazing cleavage. Samantha's face was level even with my dick, and I'm sure, professional that she was, she could tell that there was some activity going on. 

She must have, because she winked as she said, "First, I'll measure your inseam." She ran the tape from the bottom of my pant leg up to the top. As she reached the top, I know she saw, if not felt, my hard dick pressing against the fabric of my pants. I didn't even have time to feel abashed before Samantha rubbed her hand up and down the length of my cock. Slightly chiding, she said, "You know, this is going to interfere with the accuracy of the measurements."

"Oh?" is all I could manage to say. 

"Oh, yes. It should be dealt with." And with that, she drew down my zipper, reached in, and deftly removed my dick. I didn't even have time to be shocked. I decided just to go with it. 

She started by gently kissing my dick, softly and wetly. Soft little kisses that made me harder than I thought possible. She held dick lightly as well, trailing kisses up one side and down the other; her kisses were so sweet. After coating my dick in tiny, sweet kisses, Samantha kicked it up a notch, her sweet kisses turned into sexy, open mouth fondlings. Her tongue swirled out between her lips to lovingly stroke my dick. Little moans escaped her mouth as Samantha, there was no better word for it, made out with my dick. She gave my cock this loving treatment, up and down the shaft, teasingly brief around my head. This was a girl who definitely loved having a cock in her mouth... well, it wasn't in her mouth yet, I thought. 

As if she could read my mind, Samantha trailed her kisses down to the base of my cock. She stuck out tongue, traced it along the underside of my cock, tickling and teasing up to the very tip. It was there that she opened her mouth and swallowed my cock. 

When I say swallowed, that's exactly what I mean. Already damp from her kisses, it slide easily into her mouth, over her tongue, until it hit the back of her throat. I moaned appreciatively, which she returned heartily, excitedly. She slide her lips up and down the length of my cock, letting me feel the warmth and softness of her mouth, feel her tongue tickling and rubbing. Her hand slide down to gentle rub my balls. I don't know how she knew that I liked that, but I did, so much. It made me even harder in her mouth. I knew she felt it, because she sucked me even harder. 

I grabbed the back of her head to guide her mouth along my cock, not that she needed to help. I just liked to give her a little push. She moaned around my cock, excited as she felt the pressure on the back of her head. I worked her mouth on my cock, holding her against me as she gagged, as she tried to pull back for a breath. I held her against me for a moment, before I released the pressure and allowed her to pull off. She looked up at me, eyes watering, gasping. Waiting for my next instruction. So, she like a bossy guy. I could do that.

I clenched my hand, gripping her hair between my fingers. I pulled her up to face me, tilted her head up to face me, and kissed her. I kissed her hard, my lips mashing into hers, my tongue sliding into her mouth. She fell against me. Her tits pressed against my chest. I slide my other down her back to cup her ass. Very nice ass, just enough to squeeze, which I did, hard. She whimpered a bit as my fingers dug into her flesh. I pulled her back from my body, from our kiss. 

I used both hands to slide the sleeves of her chest from her shoulders. I reached in and pulled her tits out, which really wasn't all that difficult, considering they were near to the point of bursting out anyway. My god, they were fantastic... and definitely real, now that I hand my hands around them. They were heavy, firm and soft in my hands. Her areolas were large, but a pale, soft pink. They blended in with the color of her skin, growing organically from her pale whiteness. Her nipples, thought were dark pink. I gave each one a gentle tweak and grabbed each tit full in my hands. I couldn't even come close to containing the whole mass; each one was more than a handful, and thank god for that. I loved to see them jump and bounce as I fucked her.

I grabbed the back of her head again.. 

"Kneel on the couch", I growled. My hand still on her head, I guided her until she was down, back to me, hands gripping the back of the couch. Her tits hung down, nipples pointed. God, if we had more time, I would slide my head underneath her and suck and pull on those nipples, nibble her with my teeth until she was begging. She'd done too good a job of working me up, and I had to have her pussy, now. 

I moved behind her and flipped up her skirt. No panties. She had come here wanting to fuck, fuck me, fuck anyone who was waiting behind this door. The fact that she was such a horny slut did nothing to deter me. In fact, it made me more fervent to assert my dominance, my possession, however brief, of this sexy woman. 

Bent over, her legs together, her pussy looked just like a fat little peach peeking through her thighs. Her outer lips were hairless and I could just see her inner lips protruding out from between them, a beautiful pink to rival that of her nipples. Hairless, too, was her asshole. Legs together spread her cheeks wide, naturally, and I couldn't help but feel attracted to her tight pink opening. Everything about her was pink and juicy and tasty. 

I leaned down and spit on her pussy. She shuddered and moaned, but stayed still. I reached out and rubbed her pussy, sliding my fingers between her inner lips. She was soaking wet. I didn't know if it was the cock sucking or the dominance, but my god, she was hot for me. My fingers, wet, I slide my fingers down further and rubbed her clit. With women, more is less, and so I gently rubbed along the slide of her clit, holding my other hand on the top of her ass to keep her steady and murmuring sweetness to arouse her further 

"Oh, sweet girl, you're so wet for me. Such a good girl. You're such a good cocksucker. You know that, don't you, Samantha?" She wiggled underneath my touch, letting out little whimpers. "Yeah, you know you're a sexy girl. You know you're hot. And you know what's coming next. I'm going to fuck you, baby. I'm going to stuff my cock into your little pussy. You're going to coat my cock in your juices, aren't you, girl?" 

Samantha whimpered and groaned, but didn't answer me. I pulled back my hand and slapped her ass. The heavy slap filled my living room, accompanied by her short, delicious moan.

"Aren't you?"

"Yes, yes!" she cried. "I'll cover my cock in your juices, please, fuck me! Fuck me hard!"

Well, who am I to deny a woman in need?

Gripping her hips, I slide my cock up and down her slit, lining it up with her opening. Her lips slid open to accept my cock, much like her mouth. Grinning, internally praising my good fortune and lucky day, I thrust inside her tightness. We both groaned with the pleasure. She was so tight and warm, and so so wet. I had no problem sinking my dick all the way inside her, pulling her hips tight against me and grinding myself inside her.

God, she was a good fuck. She moaned, backing her ass against me, fucking me back with such force and abandon. She wanted as much of my dick inside her as possible. I pressed deep and pulled her hard against me. I reached a hand up and grabbed the back of her neck. Samantha gasped and let me lead her. I knew she got off on this domination shit. 

I could see her tits swaying and bouncing with each thrust of my dick. I reached forward and grabbed them in my hands; I couldn't hope to contain all that they were, especially now that they were moving and bouncing. Her tits overflowed in my hands. She groaned at the new sensation and I could see her fingers tighten on the back of the couch. 

"Huge fucking tits," I groaned in her ear. 

"Mmm, yes, yes, yes!" Samantha cried.

I straightened up, grabbing her hair in my fist and pulling her head back. She groaned, pure lust. I pulled her back further. It looked a bit uncomfortable, but she just fucked me harder. I looked down at her ass as it shook and rippled with each smack of my hips. Moving my hand from her hip, I placed it on her ass and pulled it to the side. Her little asshole, small and pink, stared up at me. 

"Ah, dirty girl," I said, "showing me your little asshole. I bet that excites you, doesn't it, showing me your asshole? I bet you love having your asshole played with." I rubbed my thumb over the opening, gently teasing. Samantha seemed to like it, so I applied some pressure, though not enough to penetrate the opening. 

"Mmm, I like it, baby, play with my asshole."

"Dirty girl," I said, slapping her ass. I returned my hands to her hips and fucked her as she gasped and yelled on my cock. She was still so wet, so tight, I slide into her just as easily as the first time. 

"Rub your clit, baby." She kept bouncing on my dick, both hands still gripping the edge of the couch, groaning with the full force of each thrust. I smacked her ass. "Hey!"

Samantha turned back, looking at me out of the corners of her eyes. She moved slowly on my dick, back and forth, deeply and thoroughly. I leaned forward and whispered into her ear. 

"I told you to touch your clit. I want you to come on my cock." Samantha reached a hand down and began to rub her clit. I began to plunge into her, keeping the same slow, steady pace. "Ah, there you go, girl," I said, straightening up and grabbing her hips again. I loved squeezing her flesh just a little too hard. "Good girl, play with your little clit for me. I want so feel you shake, lovey. I want to feel your pussy tighten around my cock and coat me with your juices. I want my cock all wet, get my cock wet, baby. Squeeze my cock with your pussy and come on me, good girl." I kept up the steady pace of fucking and dirty talk. I could feel Samantha's fingers grazing my cock as she rubbed her clit. Her moans became louder, more intense, closer together. I could feel her pussy tightening; I knew she was nearly there. 

"Come, baby, come for me. Come on my cock. Give me your juices. There you so, good girl. Good girl. There you go. Come. Come for me!" Samantha stopped thrusting and her moans turned into one loud... loud something, it was nearly a fucking scream. Good thing I didn't give a shit about my neighbors. I held my cock deep inside her as she came, as she twitched and shuddered under my hands. She started to grunt more sporadically as her pussy throbbed around my cock. I withdrew a little and thrust in deeper. I was rewarded with a rush of her warm pussy juices and a strong clenching. I thrusted a bit harder. God, she got even wetter when she came. I thrust up into her faster, getting myself closer to the edge. 

"Come here, down," I commanded, grabbing her head and pushing her down to her knees in front of me. She knew what was coming and reached up, wrapping her hand around my cock and her mouth around my head. Stroking and sucking, she worked my dick until I was about to come. I told her so, half hoping she would pull back so that I could shoot my come all over her face. She moaned a quick "mmhmm" and kept sucking and stroking. She wanted to swallow my come. 

That realization alone pushed me over the edge and I came hard. Samantha wrapped her lips around my cock, making sure that each salty spurt was aimed at that back of her throat. Once I finished coming, I pulled back, my cock sliding from her lips, wet and tired. Samantha swallowed and smiled up at me. She pursed her lips and gave me a kiss on the head of my cock. 

Samantha pulled herself up to the couch, tucking her dress under her dripping pussy and settling her tits back into her dress. 

"So," she said, "we have various styles and colors available. I can leave you with a brochure and come back at a later date." She winked at me. "Is that something you'd be interested in?"