 Vanessa was on her way to meet up with widely known photographer Andrew Hunt. Her brother had set up the appointment, so that she could have a professional portfolio for her modeling career. She was 18 and even though she was starting late for a modeling career, she felt she was mentally ready for anything the industry threw at her. She rang the intercom of his loft studio in Little Italy.

"Who is it?" a male's voice asked.

"Vanessa Gorden, I have an appointment for 3." She answered back.

The person buzzed the door for Vanessa to get in. She had to take an old school freight elevator to his studio on the 3rd floor. There seemed to be 2 lofts on the floor and Andrew's door was brightly colored and artistic with HUNT written in bold lettering on the door. Vanessa noticed it was ajar and instead of knocking walked right into the loft.

"Hello?? Andrew Hunt?" she called as she walked into the grand open space that was his studio.

"In the kitchen to your right." a male voice called back.

Vanessa followed the voice to the kitchen. She marveled at the large open space of the loft. The walls were brick and still raw but the floor was polished wood and beautiful area rugs were scattered about. Vanessa also saw some parts were sectioned off with drywall to create rooms. As she walked into the kitchen she saw Andrew Hunt. He was just as handsome as other models bragged about. His caramel colored skin had beads of sweat from him being in the kitchen cooking up a storm. He looked up from a pot he was stirring and Vanessa couldn't help but blush as his light brown eyes met hers. 

"So Vanessa I presume, you're like a mini Tweet aren't you? Do you know who Tweet is?"

Vanessa smiled "Of course I do, the singer but I'm no southern hummingbird."

Andrew laughed he turned off the burners and washed his hands. He came out of the kitchen and went into a separate room. 

"Umm you might wanna follow me since I'll be shooting you in here." He said as he poked his head out of the room. 

Vanessa went into the room. It was a bedroom decorated to look like an ancient egyptian style room. Everything seemed to be on level and sheer white fabric hung from everywhere.

"This is your bedroom?" she asked looking around and touching the fabric.

"No, my room is in the back this is my egyptian studio but I can make it look like anything depending on the fabrics I use and props I throw in here." He said while fiddling with his camera. 

With his back to her Vanessa was able to size up her photographer. He was about 5'9" slim and light skinned she already seen that he had little facial hair. She read about him before coming to his studio. That he was a struggling african american artist from Coney Island and made his main artistic focus photography. She had also heard how handsome he was and how professional he was to a point where women didn't know if he was attracted to them at all. He took the shots he needed and sent them on their way no matter how beautiful, even for nude shots he was always strictly professional. Vanessa liked that about him and knowing about his level of professionalism put her nerves at ease.

"You do know you're kinda short to be a model, well at least runway." he said nonchalantly as he placed his camera on the tripod and pointed it at the bed.

"Well isn't that why photographers come up with ways of making people look longer?" she asked.

Andrew smiled and just nodded his head. He took a step back to observe how the soot would look.

"Okay well its up to you how you wanna use the set up and I'll help with your poses."

Vanessa stood next to Andrew to get a 'feel' from the room. "Well it's a bedroom so I guess underwear or lingerie is a good start."

Andrew nodded in agreement as Vanessa went into her mini duffle bag. She pulled out a pale pink demi cut bra and matching lace thong.

"You can change in here I'll go see if I can find anymore props." he said as he left the room.

Vanessa quickly stripped down naked. The cool air of the loft swept over her body. She noticed her nipples perked up appearing as if hershey kisses were taped to her breasts. She slipped the underwear on and looked in a mirror laying against the wall in the room. She finger combed her long thick black hair. Her chocolate skin gave a great contrast to the pale pink. Her breasts sat up in the bra pert and ample but the lacy fabric barely covered her hershey's kisses. 

Andrew walked in the room while Vanessa admired herself. He was able to catch a glimpse of her from behind without her knowing. His eyes trailed her body from the arch in her back to the soft, curve of her hips. Her ass although small, poked out plump and firm. He felt his cock stir.

"Ready to start?"

Vanessa turned to him and smiled. Seeing the front of her body, in the underwear set made Andrew want to ravish her. He watched her like prey as she climbed into the bed and knelt on the mattress. 

"Well let's start with a sexy type pose. You're gonna want to push your chest out a bit, purse your lips and no smiling."

Vanessa licked her lips and attempted a sultry look. She arched her back making her cleavage appear more supple. Andrew began snapping photos while trying to hide any evidence of arousal. As he snapped away he would ask her to pose this way and that way. He learned how physically flexible Vanessa really was and was able to capture every angle of her tight body. It had been thirty minutes of non-stop picture taking when he felt it was time for a break. He went to get Vanessa a glass of water when he returned he saw that she had put a oversized t shirt on, he was slightly disappointed he wouldn't be able to gaze at her body. As he handed her the water he noticed she was no longer wearing a bra. Her pert nipples poked through the fabric of the shirt, needless to say his disappointment didn't linger. 

"So Andrew, I hear that you're like the one of the most professional photographers around. Models say that you never come on to them or get inappropriate even during nude shoots. How do you keep it in your pants with all the beautiful women around you?" 

Andrew took a sip of his water.

"Well, I'm not gonna say they're not attractive, a lot of them are. I'm not a photographer for pussy. I can get pussy if I want it that bad. This is an art form for me. I take pictures to make money but the same pictures that the magazines want and the designers want may not be the same pictures in my portfolio. Most photographers probably feel the same way and some models get a little aggressive with the pussy. They think cause everyone else thinks they're beautiful you''re supposed to stick your dick in them."

Vanessa laughed at his statement. She knew some models did think they could fuck anyone they wanted and any straight man to turn them down just had to have something wrong with them. 

"I've fucked a model before but we had spent a lot of time together before even going that route. For me sex, fucking or whatever I have to connect to the female. If she just walks in and there's like an instant connection that tells me to fuck her then I go with it. I don't get that connection with every woman I meet."

He then put his glass down and sat down next to Vanessa on the bed. Her skin became flush and the thong she was wearing became moist. Her body felt as if it were on fire. Andrew could feel the heat coming off her body but didn't think she was hot enough. Vanessa was quiet, hanging on to every word anticipating Andrew's next move as they sat on the bed.

"I can become interested in a woman just by noticing things such as the nape of her neck."

He then placed a gentle kiss on her neck. 

"The curve of her breasts could also entice me."

He slid his hand under her shirt and cupped her sweetly curved mounds. Her nipples grew rigid with a desire to be touched. 

Vanessa held her breath as he rolled her nipples between his fingers. She turned her face to Andrew. His lips captured hers, and his tongue slipped between her lips to dance with hers. He continued to knead her breasts as he sucked her sweet tongue. Andrew broke the kiss slowly adding gentle kisses to her face leaving her lips trembling and her pussy soaked. He smiled at her as he slid his fingers into her wetness. Her clit throbbed, aching for satisfaction. Andrew withdrew his hand from her slippery softness and whispered in her ear.

"Let's go to my bedroom." He said as he took her hand and led the way.

Vanessa was speechless, all she could do was nod and follow. Once in his bedroom he pushed her gently against the wall to kiss her once more. Her lips, mouth and tongue were intoxicating to him. She would try to become just as fierce with him, biting his lip, sucking his tongue but she was no match for him. He pulled himself away from her mouth and pulled the shirt over her head. She was a chocolate sexual goddess awaiting his conquest. Her thong was wet and sticky, she shuddered when he pulled it off. 

He guided the naked beauty to his bed. Vanessa laid down she caressed her aching breasts tugging gently on her nipples as she watched Andrew undress himself. His body was exactly how she thought it would be lean, strong, and strong. He joined her on the bed and wasted no time in burying his face between her thighs. He kissed the swollen nub that anticipated his touch, he opened her flood gates. His mouth encased her pussy and he slid his tongue into her body and drank her nectar. 

"Oh Andrew!" she moaned, her legs wrapped around his head and she closed her eyes. 

Andrew thrust his tongue deeper into her. Vanessa arched her back and involuntarily began to grind against his mouth. His tongue assaulted her clit causing her to whimper.

"Andrew you're gonna make me cum!" she cried out.

Andrew wrapped his lips around her clit and sucked hard while flicking his tongue against it. 

Waves of pleasure overwhelmed her body as she ground herself harder into his mouth. Andrew finally lifted his face from Vanessa's ravished cunt. His face glistened with her juices overcome with lust Vanessa sat up to lick his face clean. She tasted herself as they embraced. She slid her hand down his tight stomach to his pulsating cock. His hand found hers as they both slowly stroked his erection. 

"Will you kiss it for me?" Andrew whispered.

Vanessa smiled. She wasted no time in wrapping her full lips around his cock. Her moist tongue circled his cock, her hands massaged his smooth shaft as he fucked her mouth slowly. He ran his hands through her hair and got swept away in the feeling of Vanessa's warm, soft, wet mouth. She cupped his balls and began to massage them. Andrew began to thrust into her mouth harder. 

"Girl, you're gonna make be cum in your mouth!" he moaned as his eyes rolled in the back of his head.

Vanessa felt his balls tighten along with his body. She sucked harder as she felt him finally explode in her mouth. Andrew moaned something intelligible as he shoved himself down Vanessa's throat. Vanessa swallowed every drop of his sticky sweet seed. They both laid back to catch their breath. 

Part 2 coming