 Whenever I was around him - my boss - I couldn't help but feel flustered and lost for words. It had been a long time since I had felt that way about someone and it made me feel like a school girl with a crush. He was handsome, in an old fashioned way, with eyes a piercing brown that seemed to look right through me. He always dressed smartly for work, pinstripe trousers and a carefully ironed shirt - ironed by his wife, that is. 

He knew women found him attractive too, you could tell by the way he spoke: confidently, but always with a teasing smile. I knew it was pointless, but I couldn't help fantasising about him - if for no other reason, it passed the time in a job I had no interest in. I used to think about the effect I might have had on him too; I was aware I was quite good looking, and a lot younger than some of the other women that worked in the office. We would flirt with each other but I didn't really think it meant anything other than friendly banter - of course, I knew he was married. However, it certainly made my job more entertaining.

I'd been working as a temp for almost a year, ever since I had graduated from college. I hadn't meant to be there for that long, but somehow I had become stuck in a dead-end position that wasn't really going anywhere and I was struggling to see a way out of it. I knew I wasn't ever going to push myself to find a career I was interested in without biting the bullet and leaving my job at the office, so after giving it a lot of thought I decided to hand in my notice.

I felt a mixture of nerves and excitement as I knocked on my boss's door on the morning I'd committed myself to the decision. There was no answer straight away so I knocked again, then half-opened the door and peered around. My boss was sitting at his desk on the phone looking deep in conversation, but looked up as I came in. He stopped speaking for a moment and smiled, signalling for me to take a seat.

"I'm sorry, I'll have to call you back," he told the person he was talking to, "something just came up."

He put the phone back into the cradle and gave me a long look. "So how can I help you this morning?" he asked, sitting back in his seat and folding his arms. I hesitated for a moment suddenly feeling slightly unsure of myself, but managed to hand over the envelope containing the letter I had written the night before, explaining my reasons for leaving.

"I've decided to hand in my notice." I said, not quite meeting his eyes as he took the letter from me. "I'm sorry." I added, somehow trying to soften the blow.

He raised his eyebrows and let out a long breath. "I can't say I'm that surprised." He said, sounding disappointed. "I know this job isn't really what you want to be doing." I nodded in reply. "I'll be sorry to lose a good employee though, you have always been better than this place." I blushed slightly at the compliment and he gave me a long look. "Actually, I won't just miss you as my employee," he added, "I like being able to see you everyday."

"Well, I'll miss working here." I said, trying to bring the conversation back to safe territory. "You've been a good boss."

"I hope I have, to you." He replied, and I felt slightly uncomfortable. He was incredibly attractive, sitting here in front of me, and all I could think about was what his eyes might be searching for when they left my face and lingered on my body. I'd always liked dressing up for work, and today I was wearing sheer stockings with the fastenings just about hidden under an above-knee-length skirt. I wore a tight-fitting white blouse that just showed a little bit of cleavage and black heels. I always wore my hair down, and right now it hung in loose waves around my shoulders. If I'm being honest, I dressed up for him. I hoped to get his attention and it seemed today, perhaps I had.

He leaned forward over the desk and reached for my hand, which was resting on the surface. "You don't have to leave, you know." He said, gently stroking the back of my hand. The sensation sent shivers through my spine. I should have moved my hand away, but I didn't.

"Yes I do, you know I do." I replied, meeting his gaze. "What if, perhaps, we could come to some kind of arrangement?" He asked, looking at me in a meaningful way. "What do you mean? What kind of arrangement?" I asked, feeling a guilty spark of excitement as my mind raced through the possible meanings to his question. 

He slowly traced his fingers along my arm and back down again. "What if, perhaps, you were to help me?" He proposed, with a slight grin as he carefully took my hand and pulled it towards him, "Then maybe I could help you in return?" He rested my fingers on his lips, and still I didn't pull away. He opened his lips and I could feel his breath on my fingertips as he kissed them.

"What would you do for me, exactly?" I asked, feeling slightly breathless. He put down my hand and leant back again, looking rather business like.

"What if there were a vacancy opening here soon? Something more suited to your creative talents? Perhaps I could help you... acquire the position?" He looked at me questioningly, waiting for an answer.

"And what would you like me to do in return, exactly?" I asked in reply.

"I'm sure you could think of something." He said quietly, mischievously.

My heart was racing. I couldn't quite believe this was happening. I'd thought most of my feelings towards him were one-sided but clearly I was wrong. "But... you're married." I stated. He shrugged and smiled.

"Does that matter?" He asked.

I didn't say anything, but just sat for a minute as he watched me with that smirk on his face. I'd fantasised about this for a long time. I'd wanted him ever since I'd started working there., and now his proposition hung tantalisingly between us.

Then slowly, almost involuntarily, I stood up and walked around the desk to where he was sitting. I stood in front of him, between his legs and he reached up behind me and placed both of his hands on my back, pushing up my top so he could feel my skin. I took a small step forward and he moved his hands down over my bum, then around to my stomach and under my top. Not looking away from my eyes for the whole time, he slid his hands up, over my breasts and kept them there. I felt an overwhelming urge of desire for him in that moment. All thoughts of his wife and the job left me and all I could hear was our breathing.

"I've wanted this for a long time." He said, his smirk replaced by look of longing.

"Me too." I whispered back. I took hold of one of his hands and placed it on my thigh and slowly moved it up towards the top of my stockings where they were fastened to suspenders. I heard him sigh as his fingers brushed against my lips through my pants. I was wet and he could feel it; it seemed too much for him. He grabbed me from behind and lifted me onto his lap. 

I was sitting with my legs either side of him and I could feel his cock against my cunt. He was hard, but we were completely separated by our clothes. He kissed me then, deep and long and I could feel him pushing against me through his trousers. We were both breathless. I stood up again and undid my pants from my suspenders, sliding them down my legs but keeping my skirt on. At the same time he unbuttoned his trousers. Without any pause to think about the consequences I climbed back on top of him and slid his dick inside me, skin on skin. 

He pushed upwards, hard and it took my breath away. I started to rock back and forth on top of him. He undid the top few buttons of my blouse and pulled it back to expose my bra, then pulled my bra downwards until both of my breasts were spilling out of my top. His fingers wound through my hair and pulled back my head, leaving my neck and chest exposed to his lips. 

I then got up and turned around so I was leaning on the desk in front of him while he stayed sitting on his chair, and he ran his hands up my thighs inside my skirt before bringing my body down onto his dick. I held onto the desk as he pounded into me from behind. He reached his arm around my front so he was holding onto my waist and using his other arm he pushed me into the desk and held me down so my breasts were pressed against the hard wood surface and I was completely powerless to him. I couldn't move from this position even if I'd wanted to and his thrusts were getting harder and harder.

Then the hand he had around my waist reached down between my thighs and I felt his fingers slide across my cunt lips, slowly rubbing back and forth, then pressing harder until I felt myself getting lost in the sensation. 

Our bodies began to burn hot as the friction grew between us. He continued to hold me down as he moved in and out of me, and in a few seconds our breathing stopped and our movements slowed as we both came at the same time, losing ourselves completely in the wave of ecstasy that washed over.

He pulled out while I was still leaning on the desk and I felt a warm trickle leak down my thigh. I didn't normally have sex unprotected. Something about him made me forget myself.

We both cleaned up and got dressed without speaking. As I turned to leave he asked, "So you'll start tomorrow then?" The mischievous twinkle was back in his eye. "I guess I will." I replied, surprised at the way this morning's events had unfolded. I never thought I was the type of person to sleep my way to the top. It certainly didn't feel all that bad.