 When he got home from work, she was in the kitchen, standing at the sink washing the cutting board.

"Hi love, how was your day?" She gave the pot of soup a quick stir, and turned around to get a kiss from Glen, and the can of corn he had bought. Setting the can on the counter by the stove, she rummaged for the can opener, opened it, then dumped it in the soup, giving it another stir.

He watched her, only shrugging and grunting in answer to her question.

She continued stirring the soup, chicken cheese chowder, looking at him out of the corner of her eye, admiring the way his green argyle sweater pulled over his shoulders and across his chest.

He was propped on the kitchen stool, one elbow on the counter, sipping a glass of water and watching her. HER glass of water.

Giggling, she turned back to the stove, turned the temp down low, set the spoon on the rest, and put the lid on the pot.

He admired her as she turned, from her curly reddish hair down to the bare toes peeking out of her frayed jeans.

She tried to look mad, looking over her glasses as she walked over towards him.

"That's MY water!" she said as she stopped in front of him, taking the glass and draining it dry.

"I will get you more," he said.

She put a hand on his chest to hold him on the bar stool, and, setting the glass on the counter, slipped between his knees as he slipped his hands around her and into her back pockets.

She rested her hands on his shoulders, playing with his soft brown hair where it curled on his shoulders, and staring into his eyes.

He looked up at her with such intensity, then his gaze shifted to her mouth, his head slowly tilting back further.

She took the invitation, kissing him gently, then nibbling his lower lip with her lips.

He pulled her closer, hands still in her back pockets, then slid one under her shirt, up the soft skin of her back, discovering no bra strap under her baggy sweatshirt.

He groaned and kissed her harder, sliding the other hand under her shirt to adore the silkiness of her.

She tugged at his sweater wanting to touch his skin too, but he was sitting on the tails.

He stood up and she pulled the sweater over his head, barely breaking the lip lock, then dropped it in the floor.

"Hey my swe... mmmrf mmmmmmmmm... "

She kissed him harder, hands everywhere, tangling in his hair, rubbing up and down his back, grabbing his butt and pulling his hips against her, and feeling the sign of his arousal.

He tangled his hands in her curls and kissed her ever more intently, biting and nibbling and licking.

She slid her hands into the back of his corduroys, moaning softly, squeezing his butt, and pressing him tighter against her.

He groaned as she kissed the side of his neck, his collar bone, his shoulder, and started working his pants lower on his hips.

"There seems to be something in the way," she said, kissing his chest.

She unbuttoned his pants and tugged at the zipper, finding she only needed to unzip it a little before she could yank his pants to his ankles. She grabbed him by the butt again, squeezing him against her as she straightened up and lifting him onto the counter.

He felt the sparkly design on her shirt against his private parts, then had a fastidious thought about possible fecal contamination on the kitchen counter. He tried to squirm back down.

"Uh... this isn't very sanitary."

"What? The kitchen counter is for things you are going to eat." she said as she hooked the bar stool under her with one foot and sat in a smooth motion, then gave his shaft a lick.

"Oh God," he said in a quavering voice, sitting there naked except for the shoes holding the pants around his ankles. He put one hand behind him to brace himself, and twined the other in her hair, pulling her up to kiss.

She didn't allow the kiss to go on very long, trailing kisses back down his neck, shoulder, chest, belly, settling onto her bar stool and taking him into her mouth.

She twirled her tongue around his mushroom cap, flicking under the frenulum, making sure he felt the difference in the rough top and satiny smoothness of the underside of her tongue. Her hands explored everywhere, rubbing his thighs, his butt, his tight belly, brushing her fingers sideways across his tiny nips to make them vibrate and tingle.

He was her prisoner, trapped on the kitchen counter, lost in a world of sensation.

"Oh God... Oh God... Oh God!" he gasped as she took him fully into her mouth and sucked up and down fast and hard.

"Oh God, Kathy I WANT YOU!"

She shook her head and moaned "Uh huh," around him, sending shock waves through him with the new movement and the vibrations of her voice.

She noticed his gasp and moaned some more, deep in her throat, expressing her appreciation, and making him catch his breath and squirm in delight.

He tangled his hand in her hair and just adored her, wondering at the fact that this beautiful woman would get such pleasure from this.

She squirmed a little on the bar stool, looking up at him, running one hand all over his chest, dragging fingernails on his sides a little just to torment him, head never stopping bobbing up and down.

The other hand slid from his butt, down the outside of his thigh, rubbed gently on the back of his knee for a moment, then slid down his calf to where his pants had his ankles trapped.

The hand traveled across the bridge of his pants to the inside of the other ankle, slowly working its way up, almost unnoticed under the intensity of her sucking and rubbing his chest and nips.

She tickled gently at the back of his knee, knowing how sensitive that is, then curled her hand and dragged her fingernails up the inside of his thigh, scratching lightly.

He let out a girlish squeak and whimper, and she giggled a little, and, cupping his balls gently in her hand, sucked even faster, twisting her head back and forth, working her tongue all around.

"Oh Goddddd... Kathy... if you don't want it, you better stop now!" He groaned.

She pulled back a little, and twirled her tongue around and around the tip, rough top side and satiny underside, then lifted up and said "I want," before sucking him back into her mouth and flickering her tongue maddeningly just under the head.

"Oh dear God," he whimpered as she went right back to work, sucking up and down, head twisting back and forth, tongue swirling and licking and doing maddening things, as one hand tickled and cupped his balls, and the other rubbed and scratched his chest.

"Oh... Oh... OH!... Yes... oh God... YES!"

She felt his balls tighten up, his whole body tighten up, and stepped up the intensity one more time, pinching a nipple and pulling lightly, ringing his balls with a thumb and forefinger, and groaning low as she slurped up and down.

"Yes... YES... YESSS!!" his stomach muscles seized up and she readied herself, starting swallowing motions.

He felt her swallowing and it was just too much to bear.

"AAAIIIIIIIIIEEEE!!" he screamed "AAAIIIEEE... AAAIIIEEE... AHH... OH!... OH!... Oh!... Oh God... Oh God... Oh God, Kathy... Oh Kathy... I love you Kathy!... Oh wow... "

She drank down his salty juices, sucking and gulping.

"Oh... my... f___ing... God."

Glen started to come back to his senses, and she was still sucking, slower, gently, nursing ever drop out of him, sending wild aftershocks through his whole body.

He caressed her hair, and lifted her chin to look in her eyes.

"Wow" he said, "what a thing to come home to." He lifted her chin higher and leaned forward to kiss her, tasting a bit of his own saltiness. "Just... wow... "

She grabbed the waistband of his pants and pulled them up over his knees, he grabbed them with one hand, the other still twined in her hair, kissing her.

He broke the kiss with a ragged breath, and she helped him down from the counter, steadying him with an arm around the waist as he pulled up and buttoned his pants.

He wrapped both arms around her and kissed her thoroughly again, nibbling and biting those soft lips that were just... he gasps again. "Woww."

She smiled softly at him, and, bending to pick up his sweater and toss it at him, turned back to the pot on the stove.

"Hungry?" She asked, lifting the lid and stirring, then ladling soup into bowls.

"Famished" he said, "But what about you?"

"After dinner", she said with a sly smile, putting the bowls on the table, and tipping the corn can into the recycle bin.