 My wife's a nymphomaniac. 

OK, OK - maybe she isn't if you use the strict dictionary definition of the word. But she does think about sex a lot. And I mean a whole lot. Somewhere along the line the sweet little girl that I married turned into some kind of always-lusty sex kitten.

When Steffi comes home from her job as a junior high teacher she heads straight for her computer. She simply can't wait to look at this website she found that collects dirty stories. If there aren't any new ones for her to drool over then she's in a bad mood for hours. And then once she's devoured a new one, she wants to discuss it with me. Every little detail. Every thought that the characters have. Every position they use. And I know that they give her ideas. Sometimes she even suggests that we try them out. Ropes? Public sex? Dirty talking? I don't know about that kind of stuff. Maybe I'm just getting old, but give me plain old vanilla sex a few times a week with my wife and I'm a happy camper.

Sometimes we joke about our changing needs. After a few years of marriage my desires have diminished to the point where a good screwing 3 or 4 times a week is enough. And most of the rest of the time I don't think about it at all. But while the lust of my youth has been waning, hers has been growing almost exponentially. It could be that she needs more sex to reassure her that she's still a sexy woman. Or maybe her body just craves it more and more without any input from her brain. I don't know what the reasons are, but I do know one thing - her lust is starting to get out of hand.

The other day at Applebee's we were eating dinner and I saw her watching the waiter's ass as he walked away from our table. He was a good-looking sort of guy, and friendly enough. Steffi's eyes took on a faraway look and I saw how tightly her fingers were gripping her fork.

"You're thinking about what it would be like to fuck him, aren't you?"

At least she had the grace to look a little embarrassed. Not ashamed, you understand. But a little blush arose to her cheek as she dropped her eyes to her lap. This wasn't the first time that I'd caught her fantasizing about some stranger. "Well, yeah."

I laughed, and so did she. I knew that her desires sometimes took over her rational thought, and I knew that I was going to be truly well fucked when we got home. Steffi tried to pay more attention to me through dinner, but every once in a while her fingers would twitch and her eyes would lose their focus and I knew that she was imagining her hands on our waiter's ass, pulling him deeper between her spread legs.

The arrival of the new Victoria's Secret catalog is always a big occasion in our house. Not that I care that much. I have my oversexed naked wife to look at, and she's so pretty that she still takes my breath away. But Steffi insists that we have to snuggle on the couch and go through the catalog page by page together. She makes little yummy sounds of delight at each new fandangle and every lacy frou-frou. As we turn the pages together Steffi insists that I help her choose some sexy thing to wear. 

"Which would make you want to fuck me more? The red bustier, with my bare boobs hanging out? Or this pink nightie on page 37? I could wear it with this pair of nylons with the little roses over here on the stockings page? What do you think? Which one makes your cock want me?" 

And she doesn't just order from catalogs, either. She knows all of the sexy lingerie stores in town. And it seems like every weekend she comes home with some new frilly thing to wear. A pair of black satin crotchless panties from Frederick's. A babydoll with "I'm Yours!" printed on the front from Crystal's. A lacy blue teddy from Fascinations. And she's never happy unless I rip the damn thing off of her and ravage her as soon as I see her in it. One time she even made a schoolgirl outfit to wear just because she thought I'd like fucking her in it. Sometimes I think that if I didn't put my foot down Steffi would spend all her free time fucking, shopping for lingerie or reading dirty stories.

Last weekend after we woke up Steffi wanted to screw around. Again. As if last night hadn't happened at all. But I disentangled myself and got out of bed. While she napped (and probably played with herself) I showered and got dressed. We ate some breakfast together and then I told her I had to leave. I had my hand on the doorknob when she padded over to me, still wearing her short silk nightshirt. She put her hands on my chest and looked me in the eye. Her breath smelled faintly of morning coffee and her hair was still tousled from last night's sleep, and I thought she was the prettiest girl I'd ever seen. Her voice was sincere and childlike. "Can you fuck me before you go?" 

I chuckled a little and said, "Noooo." I tried to sound reluctant, as if I was very sorry that I had to pass up the opportunity to make love to her. I do like to make love to her. Just not all of the time. A guy likes to think it's his idea sometimes, you know? But the fact is that if I don't respond with at least token enthusiasm to each and every one of her offers, then she can pout for days. "I really have to get some stuff done this morning. But I'll be back in a couple of hours."

"Where are you going?"

"To the mall." I regretted the words as soon as they were out of my mouth because I knew immediately what my wife would think. A trip to the mall for me was a lingerie shopping opportunity for Steffi. As if I really needed her looking at sexy clothes and getting more hot and bothered than she was already.

"Oh, goody! Wait right here." Steffi gave me a quick peck on the corner of my mouth. "I'll only be a minute." 

Of course, it wasn't only a minute. It was more like 15. When she finally met me at the car, Steffi had somehow changed from tousled suburban housewife wife into a sultry sexkitten. She had put on her makeup and done something with her hair. Her jeans were snug, and she filled them out perfectly. My wife has passed the age where she thinks that looking anorexic is desirable, thank goodness. Her figure was lush with the tempting curves of a full grown woman. She had on a pair of clear Lucite high heels with a 2 inch platform. Steffi's always been tall and the shoes raised her height to the point where she could look me in the eye. Her toes were covered in black and I knew that she had on a pair of nylon stockings under her jeans. She looked so damned sexy that for a moment I reconsidered my decision to screw her before I left.

When we got to the mall we split up. Of course, not before she gave me a sloppy wet kiss full of promises for later. I watched her sexy ass wiggling under her jeans as she walked off towards the department stores and anyplace else that she could find sexy clothes.

I was over in the hardware store looking at a new variable speed drill when my cell phone rang.

"Hello?"

"Can you fuck me now?"

I chuckled, imagining Steffi calling me while looking standing in the store looking at rack of frilly bra and panty sets. "Nooooo...."

Immediately the phone disconnected. I hung up with a soft chuckle. If Steffi was this worked up now, I couldn't even imagine how excited she'd make herself before we got home. I didn't give it too much thought as I picked out a new drill. My wife being horny and preoccupied with sex wasn't exactly news to me.

A little bit later I had moved on to the electrical department. I was checking out TV cables so that I could hook up the upstairs television when my phone rang again.

"Can you fuck me now?" she said. This time there was just a trace of impatience in her voice, and a slight emphasis on the word 'now.'

"Noooo..." I said, trying to sound both patient and horny at the same time. I don't know if I was successful. But I do know that that she had actually disconnected before I even finished the word.

I had finished with the hardware store and was headed to the computer store when the phone rang again.

"Can you fuck me now?" Almost pleading.

"I'm trying to buy that new sound card so that..." Click. I was beginning to be a little afraid. I couldn't remember ever seeing her quite this preoccupied before. Usually she waited until we were home alone to start really begging for sex. I felt a little twinge in my dick and I began to wonder if I was going to survive the fucking that was headed my way. But I steeled myself. I had other things to do. Really.

I made my way over to the book store to pick up the new Robert Jordan novel I'd been wanting to read. I was browsing the fantasy section when the phone rang again.

"Can you fuck me now?" Almost demanding.

"I'm standing here looking at..." Click.

The calls didn't stop as I made my way through my morning.

At the video store.

"Can you fuck me now?"

At the shoe store.

"Can you fuck me now?" 

I was walking towards the music store when my phone rang again. As I pulled it out to answer I looked around and I saw Steffi through a store window. She was in a little shop called Josie's that catered to young Goth chicks - lots of leather, jewelry and black clothing. She had her cell phone in one hand and a black leather doggie collar with little silver spikes on it in the other. She was obviously thinking about buying it as she twisted this way and that so that she could see it from different angles. I watched her lips moving as I listened to her on the phone.

"Can you fuck me now?"

"Nooo..." Click.

Steffi held the collar up to her throat and looked in the mirror while she absentmindedly tucked her phone away. Chuckling to myself at the thought of my wife in nothing but a dog collar, I kept on towards the music store.

I was paying for a couple of new CDs when my phone rang again.

"Can you fuck me now?"

"Are you ready...."

"Ohmigod, yes!" Click.

"....to go get some lunch?" I finished into my dead phone. I guess that I could have worded that better. Resigned to my fate I headed back to the car.

But while we drove home no mention was made of the phone calls. Sex was never brought up. It was almost as if she hadn't been thinking about sex all morning. Steffi was bright and talkative, telling me about her new student and a TV show that she'd seen last night. It left me wondering what her plan was. It just wasn't like her to not want to talk about sex.

When we got inside, she took my by the hand and led me to the bedroom. My phone rang as Steffi squatted in front of me. I got it out of my pocket just in time. Steffi's fingers nimbly unfastened my belt and jeans and pushed them down my legs.

"Hello?" I said.

Steffi took me in her hand, her delicate fingers caressing me as she nuzzled her lips against my cock.

There was no answer. I didn't disconnect right away, because just then Steffi softly sucked me into her sweet mouth and I just plain forgot where I was. Steffi made some slurpy noises as my quickly hardening dick pushed down her throat. She removed me and held me in her hand and rubbed me on her soft cheek and then slid me back inside her mouth, lightly grazing my shaft with her sharp teeth.

Steffi was lost in her undertaking, enjoying her actions even more than I did. She took me out of her mouth long enough to say, "God, you taste good!" I took advantage of the lull in the attack on my dick and managed to hang up the phone and put it down. I stripped off my t-shirt as Steffi resumed nuzzling me. She fondled, licked and slurped me into full-blown dripping rigidity. I kicked off my pants as she suckled and soon I was stark naked in front of my wife, who was quite enjoying herself squatting with her legs spread and sucking on my big dick.

Steffi slipped me from her mouth, but continued to slide her hand slowly up and down my wet shaft as she looked up at me with a twinkle in her eye.

"Can you fuck me now?"

Like any man would say no at that point. I chuckled and took her hands and helped her to her feet. She led me to the sleigh frame bed which we inherited from my grandmother. It has a clunky cherry wood frame which is pretty high, extending a couple of feet above the mattress at the head and food of the bed.

Steffi turned her back to me and pressed herself against me, wiggling her ass against my hard dick. She unfastened her pants and pushed them down to her knees, exposing her bare ass. Steffi leaned forward, grabbing the edge of the bed frame for support as she reached behind her and pulled her ass open with her free hand to make her pussy available for me.

I didn't need a second invitation. She had been wanting a fucking all morning, and it was time to give it to her. I lined up the tip of my shaft with her wet hole and slipped myself inside.

I started sliding myself in and out of my wife, fucking her gently and enjoying the slippery sensation of being inside her. I didn't want to cum too soon so I went slowly, trying to prolong our fooling around. She was warm and wet inside but her ass was cool against my crotch as I pushed myself into her. I expected her to moan and start pushing back, impaling herself on my dick as she took the fuck that she had been wanting all morning. I felt extra long plunging deep into the recesses of my wife. 

But Steffi surprised me. She stood up straight, leaving one hand on the edge of the bed frame for support as we fucked standing up. It wasn't like my wife to not moan and move and take her pleasure from my dick. I started pushing a little harder, trying to get her to make little noises like she usually does.

Steffi kicked off her right shoe and lifted her foot towards her crotch. She bent forward so that she could tug her pants leg past her foot and kick it off, all the while taking my fucking as if I wasn't even there. I couldn't believe it! My hot to trot wife was getting a standing fuck after a whole morning of teasing, and she was acting as if it wasn't even happening. As if she was alone in the bedroom instead of undressing with a swollen dick in her pussy.

Steffi put her right foot back into her high heeled shoe, and then repeated the operation with her left leg, lifting it to her crotch and tugging the pants leg off while she was being rocked back and forth by her husband's dick. I caught a glimpse of her in the mirror, wearing her black nylons, her high heels and a t-shirt. God, she was sexy! 

I slid into her even deeper, intentionally trying to hit the spot that would send her climbing to the top. But she didn't groan in pleasure, she didn't wiggle. She didn't lean against me to take comfort in her lover's arms. She acted for all the world as if I wasn't even there. It was like some kind of challenge to me. I wanted her to moan and thrash around, to enjoy herself like she usually did.

So I fucked her even harder.

It was a good thing that she'd left her hand on the bed frame for support, because now I was pushing into her hard enough that she would have been knocked over if she hadn't been hanging on. Her hand rested lightly on the bed frame, grabbing it only when she was in danger of falling. Her feigned indifference was heady, intoxicating. I can't tell you how much it excited me to see her like this. Usually she took as much pleasure as she gave, fucking me just as hard as I fucked her. But not this time.

Steffi lifted her right foot free of her shoe again, this time so that she could lift her leg and slide off her nylon stocking. The sensations this caused on my cock caused a ripple of pleasure to run through my whole body, and I could feel the beginnings of a massive orgasm gathering in my balls. I put my hands on her hips as I slid in and out of her. Slowly she removed her stocking, teasing me by doing it ever so slowly. Sliding it down her silky white thigh and off of her foot. I could tell that it was hard for her to do, bouncing around on my cock like she was, but she acted like it was how she did it every day. She slowly put her foot down and back into her Lucite platform.

I fucked her harder.

She lifted her left leg and slowly removed her stocking, teasing me with her bare legs, her high heels and her detached manner. Indifferent to the cock that was driving in and out of her as she bared her leg. She held on to the bed so that the fucking wouldn't throw her to the floor as she took off her stocking. She rocked back and forth on my dick as she put her bare foot down and back into its sandal. She took off her shirt and threw it on the bed, and now she was naked except for her high heeled shoes. She still acted like I wasn't even there, like she wasn't having a hard fuck thrown up inside of her.

I fucked her harder.

Her bare heels lifted from her shoes with each thrust, and every once in a while even the heels of the shoes came off the ground. I was pushing myself as far into her as I could then almost withdrawing entirely, maximizing the contact between her feminine softness and my engorged dick. Sometimes my thrusts were so strong that she would almost tumble down and have to grab the bed frame with both hands in order to stay standing. But she still acted like I wasn't there.

Then Steffi picked up her jeans and shook them out and started folding them. I couldn't believe it. I felt like I was assaulting her, I was fucking her so hard. Somehow by pretending that I didn't exist she was driving me to a whole new level of intoxication with her. I wanted her to notice me fucking her so badly that I could almost taste it. I could feel the sperm gathering in my balls getting ready to blast off.

Now we've never know exactly why it is, but my wife can always tell when I'm about to cum. Did she learn how to tell because she's so into sex? Or is she into sex because she knows how to tell? Or is it something different altogether? Maybe she just knows how to push me over the edge. I guess it doesn't really matter. But she always knows when I'm about to splurt my load, usually even before I do.

Steffi finally acknowledged my presence inside her. She took my hands from her waist and pulled them around in front of her. She put her hands over mine, cupping my hands over her firm breasts. I could feel her erect nipples pressing into my palms. And that did it.

With one last thrust I rammed myself into her, lifting her off the ground as I pulled down on her breasts and rocketed loads of hot cum deep up inside her. I plunged over and over again, a jet of sticky sperm splashing into her with every thrust as my body tried to get the cum to shoot right through her. Steffi's hands held mine tightly against her breasts as she was bounced off the floor over and over. We rocked together, and I had never loved cumming inside her so much.

Finally I slowed down, my post-orgasmic gasping for fresh air taking over. My nose was buried in her hair, taking in the scent of her shampoo. Peaches and cream, mixed with the unmistakable scent of a sexually excited girl. Steffi settled back into her shoes as I inhaled her essence. It was the most intense fucking that I'd ever had. Or given. Little spasms shook my body as my dick tried to shoot every last drop cum from my balls into her.

As my breathing returned to normal, my wife let go of my hands and leaned forward, and I slipped out of her. Steffi turned around so that her bare ass was on the edge of the bed frame, her legs spread wide and her feet on the floor. Her legs were long and lean, and the high heeled shoes made them even more seductive. She smiled at me, knowing as well as I did that I'd just experienced the most intense orgasm of my life. She reached between her legs and drew my sagging dick towards her dripping wet pussy. I don't know how she managed it, but somehow I was inside her again, even as the energy drained right out of me. Warm sperm squeezed out of her pussy and drooled around us where we were joined.

Steffi leaned back as if she didn't have a big cock inside her and picked up the bag that she'd brought home from the mall. She gave her hips a little wiggle which sent a delicious sensation through my shrinking shaft. With a smile in her eye she opened it and took out the black doggie collar with little silver spikes. The one that I'd seen her looking at in the store.
