 I can honestly say I had never been blessed with being this deeply in love with anyone in my life till I fell in madly for a beautiful girl named Carla. We had met thru work in over the phone flirting manner where she would make up excuses to call the cell store I managed to ask trivial questions and to flirt in the sweetest and cutest manner I could imagine. I of course, would answer anytime she called to hear her sexy voice and flirt right back.

After a month of this phone flirting, I was totally infatuated with her sight unseen. This of course is always a dangerous position to be in. We all know the likely hood of a voice matching their looks is less than likely on a good day and my luck had never been anything to write home about.

So to lessen the disappointment factor we exchanged pictures reluctantly, well at least on my part. I had never considered myself handsome; I am 5'10 with a build of 200 pounds give or take a few depending upon my activity level. But I have always considered myself funny. So I sent her a picture from Halloween where we dressed in costume for the occasion in the retail store I worked. I can only imagine her surprise when she received a picture of moi dressed as a Tigger lying across display counter swinging my tail. But it could only pale to the picture of the goddess I received. I will be honest I have always had a major thing for the naughty librarian look and she had that down in spades. 

So when the naughty librarian asked me to come to the store she was working to "help her" I beat feet with a spring in my step (yes a Tigger pun, sorry.) I drove as quickly as my car would go and pulled into the back parking lot of store in a small town.  

When I knocked on the back door a vision of loveliness answered. At 5'4" and 100#'s with a brunette bob hair cut framing the most beautiful pixie face I had ever laid eyes on, I was speechless. I could only do one thing, I reached out with my right had cupping her face and brought her soft lips to mine as my left hand embraced her and pulled her lithe body against mine.

After what seemed like a lifetime I pulled back to stare into her sexy green eyes and said:

"Hello..."

"Hi" replied the goddess in my arms in a sweet and nervous manner. It was the last words spoken for a while as my lips sought hers again as the back door swung close. We embraced in the back of the store with the lights of street lamps and car headlights providing the only light to our exploration of each other. I sat on a metal folding chair next to a folding table they used for their lunch and started nibbling and kissing her neck while I ran my hand up and down her legs as she sat in my lap. 

I started unbuttoning her blouse following with kisses as her delicious white skin became exposed to my hungry stare. She shivered and moaned in my arms as I explored her gorgeous body with hands and lips. Her succulent 34 c breast filled my hands as I feathered kisses across her bosom that was heaving in my hands in a most delightful manner. 

I pressed her back across the top of the table as I started stripping her slacks down her sexy long legs as I kissed my way down her sides. Her pink g string came into view as she withered on top of the table. Once I had her near naked I kissed up each slender leg trailing kisses on the inside of her thighs till I reached her panty clad pussy. The aroma was intoxicating and her shivers drove me to the brink of insanity. Placing my lips to her sweet snatch with only her panties protecting her virtue was one of those memories I will cherish for the rest of my life.

As the warmth of my breath and the action of kissing her naughty little pussy thru her panties, she thrust her hips up to my mouth till she shuddered into the first of several orgasms that night. The lack of attention she had experienced heightened the enjoyment she felt to the point she was almost speechless. At least till I slid her g string to the side and slid my tongue up her beautiful wet slit and then I heard her gasp out my name as she withered under the assault of my tongue on her dripping sex. . Never before had I tasted such a delicious pussy nor heard such sexy moans as I ate her to another orgasm. By this time my cock was pressed painfully against my slacks throbbing to be released. 

As I stood, I peeled her g string down her long legs following them with kisses to her ankles. Thinking that she was the most beautiful creature I had ever met let alone worship as I kissed up her legs, I loosened my slacks to free my cock which was weeping pre cum. She pushed me back to the chair where she the de panced my in with a delightful grin.

AS soon as her small delicate hand grasped my cock, she had control over me heart and soul. She pressed me down into the chair where she returned the passion of teasing by kissing up my thigh from my right knee to me throbbing cock. I had never been harder or larger when her delicate red lips reached me her tongue flittered out to taste the head of cock. She let out a small sigh of contentment before she opened her delicate mouth to envelop my throbbing cock. It was one of the most glorious experiences in my life being in her wet warm mouth, making my eyes roll up in my head. Her small hand stroking up and down my shaft forced what seemed like a gallon of pre cum into this angel's mouth.

She worked me for what seemed like a lifetime and had me on the brink of Cuming within minutes. I knew I needed to feel her wrapped around me before I wanted to come. I lifted her by her shoulders and kissed her passionately as I laid her across the table. She spread her legs naturally and in such an alluring way that my cock flew her to opening where I rubbed it up and down her as she started withering on that table yet again. I worked my cock up and down and partly into the tightest pussy I had ever experienced including virgins.

"My God, baby you're so beautiful. I need to take you." I gasped as the head of my throbbing cock made its way inside her. Part of me wanted her so badly, to bury my cock to the hilt into her beautiful and tight pussy and the other part of me wanted to feather her with kisses and slowly claim her as mine. I was unable to fill with all of my cock, she was just too tight. I stroked about a third of my cock into her as I ran my hands up and down her body, cupping her breast and tweaking her nipples as I traced what was going to be mine. She came again on that table before pulling her up and kissing her more passionately than I had ever experienced before.

I pulled her lithe frame off the table and spun her facing away from me while kissing her neck and back. I slowly drug her down to the floor where I lined my throbbing cock up with her sweet pussy. I was aching to release deep into her and claim her for mine. My hands cupped her waist and I pulled her gently onto the head of my cock as she moaned. Half of my cock penetrated this little angle and I started a slow and low pace that caused her pussy to ripple on the end of my dick. It seemed like my whole body was in the sensation of the head of my dick that was taking the most beautiful girl in the world as she moaned and shuddered on me.

"ohhhhhhh, take me, mmmmmm, take me baby," she gasped.

"Ohhh Carla I am going to cum!!" I gasped and the cum started boiling up my shaft. I started to shake and my cock's diameter increased and cum started shooting from me like a fountain all over her delicious ass. I poured a gallon of cum all of this little goddess and a smile of bliss crossed my face.

I pulled her up at her waist to kiss her and thought this is what love is supposed to be like...