 Dawn had dreaded every day leading up to her shift from her expired rent controlled apartment in Manhattan to one in New Jersey, thinking the exodus from the City marked a new low in her life. That is, until she saw him. His name was Kodey, and he was hot. Really hot. Dawn tried not to stare as he entered the foyer of the apartment, his chiseled face framed by wavy brown hair and dark sunglasses. He was carrying a heavy-looking box and his biceps bulged with the effort. Dawn pretended to peer into her empty mailbox and watched from the corner of her eye how the rolled up sleeves of his fitting shirt showed off his strong arms...and how his pants clung in all the right places. 

"Hey there" he said, taking her by surprise. Dawn closed the mailbox and saw the hunk, looking at her with a broad grin. 

"I'm Kodey. I live on the 6th floor?" he said.

"Oh hey. Um, Dawn....7th floor" she managed.

"Right...so you're on top huh?". It seemed his grin grew even wider.

Dawn laughed. "If you say so..." she said. The flirting made her giddy and excited.

"So...I'll see you round then?" he said.

"Sure" said Dawn, as he turned and hefted his box toward the elevator, savoring the view of his hard ass. Something told her New Jersey wasn't looking too bad at all.

Back in her apartment, tired from all the moving, Dawn still couldn't get Kodey out of her mind. Maybe it had just been too long since the nasty breakup with her boyfriend Jake, but what happened in the foyer made her feel something she hadn't felt in a long time.

She was so, damn, horny. 

Drawing the curtains, Dawn unbuttoned her shirt and unfastened her skirt. She eased comfortably in her soft couch in just her lingerie and let her mind run wild. Smiling, with her eyes closed, she pictured Kodey, naked except for a teasing smile. Soon he was on top of her, his biceps and chest muscles flexing and bulging as he forced each exciting inch of his hard cock into her pussy. Her hand made its way underneath the sheer lace of her panties and she was unsurprised to find herself wet. Her fingers teased her clit, glistening with her arousal juices, while in her mind Kodey fucked her again and again...

*

Man oh man oh man, thought Kodey. Was she hot or what, thought Kodey as he hefted the heavy box full of clothes to the table. He flounced down onto his bed and sighed, grinning to himself as he remembered Dawn's silky brown hair...gorgeous blue eyes...and the shapely curve of her ass under her short dress. And her tiny rosebud lips, perfect for shoving his cock deep in...she was going to learn the hard way how intense he liked his blowjobs. Kodey imagined she'd be wearing white panties. He pictured with a surge of excitement the cleft of her pussy and a dark, moist little patch under thin white cotton of her panties. He imagined Dawn spread right there, on his bed, her gorgeous tits and wet little pussy all for him. He swore as he unzipped his pants and released his hard cock. He took the burning length of his cock in his big hands and began to pump, pleasure tingling up the firm length. He stroked faster and harder as his balls ached for release. He promised himself that when he next met Dawn, he'd bang her for real.

*

They since met up a few times, crossing each others path in the lobby. It soon became coffee breaks together at the café across the road, and the finally dinner twice at a cozy Italian place down town, followed by a harmless enough kiss back home. 

It was a week later that Kodey decided to call her and cut the bullshit. "Hello" said Dawn on the third ring.

"Hey there sexy" said Kodey.

Dawn smiled and felt a flutter at his sexy voice. "Hey yourself. How's your weekend so far?" she asked. 

"Kinda quiet so far. But I kinda have plans to make it more exciting.." he said.

"What kind of plans?" she asked.

"Well...I thought I'd go over to your place and give my cock a workout" he said.

Dawn thought she heard wrong. "Sorry?"

Kodey spoke louder and slowly. "I said, I thought I'd go over to your place and give my cock a workout. It means I wanna fuck you, I want to stuff my COCK up your PUSSY and FUCK it. Clear?"

*

Later, Dawn felt a thrill as he entered the apartment. Once in the bedroom, Kodey began to kiss her as he undid the buttons of his shirt, exposing his golden muscles. Dawn touched the hardness of his body and twirled her fingers over his nipples as he tugged on her dress with hungrily. Then in one swift motion he ripped off the thin fabric of the dress as Dawn gasped in surprise, her excitement in overdrive. As she wasn't wearing a bra, Kodey cupped her soft breasts, the contact with her erect, intensely sensitive nipples making her moan. He guided her hand down so she could squeeze his hard bulge as played with her tits. Dawn gasped with delight and felt a shot of cream flood her pussy as she felt how big and hard he was through his pants. He unzipped his pants and released his hot, hard, throbbing cock. Dawn felt her cunt and mouth moisten as she saw how thick it was, anchored by his large, downy balls. She grabbed his cock and played with it, thwacking it over his hard stomach to play with his balls too. She licked it and sucked it until he pulled her away. 

"You'll get more of that later. Get on the bed and spread your legs baby", he said.

Dawn, delirious with excitement, did as she was told. She got on all fours and pushed her ass high, fully exposing her wet pussy, cringing and bracing herself for the thrust of his cock. She screamed into the sheets when he rammed it inside her cunt. When they stopped fucking three hours later, they had lost count how many times they came, screaming, thrusting and squirting the night away. 

"Morning baby...happy Saturday...". Dawn mumbled a drowsy reply to Kodey's sexy purr. He had woken up and taken a shower, and smelled deliciously of woodsy aftershave. He leaned over and playfully nibbled her ear. Clad in just a towel, the morning sunlight played across his muscled back and off the deep gold sprinkling of hair on his chest and arms. 

He softly kissed her neck and played with her breasts. Wide awake now, she whispered what were they going to do that day?

"Well babe" he whispered. "Last night your pussy made my cock do a lot of work... so you're gonna spend all day today making it feel good."

He knelt on the bed, his hands hovering at the knot of the towel. He smiled teasingly, flexing his well honed abs. Involuntarily, Dawn groaned in lust. "So how about it babe...how about a nice, long blowjob?" he whispered. 

Dawn nodded, beyond embarrassment. 

Kodey smiled. "Pout for me babe...squeeze your tits, yeah like that...bat your eyelashes for me, yeah, like a little whore...mmm...now tell me you what you're gonna do with this" he said, feeling his bulge between his towel-clad thighs. 

Arching her lithe body like a cat, Dawn struck a slutty pose and said in her most coquettish voice "I'm gonna suck it...I'm gonna suck on your hard...thick...cock."

He grinned. "If you insist..." he said. He yanked off the towel in one swift motion, and his hard thick cock and big balls bounced violently into view in a thrilling explosion flesh and fur. 8 thick inches of fun. 

"Suck it" he said. Kodey sighed as her soft, full lips slid over the big round head of his cock. He arched his hips to give her total access, the thick shaft of his cock forcing her small mouth wider as Dawn sucked. She drew her breath hard as her mouth slid from the base of his cock right up to the thick tip, making her tongue tickle the head before sliding down again.

"Mmmmmmmm..." said Kodey. "Eat my cock, baby. Oh yeah, that's it, that's how you eat it...now show me how you much you like it baby. Show me how much you like sucking my cock."

Dawn obliged by swooning as she sucked hard on his cock, hollowing her cheeks with the effort. Holding his trim hips for support, she bobbed her head up and down, her silky hair flouncing. Then she held his thick shaft in place and furiously tickled the blunt tip of his thick cock with her tongue, while looking straight into his eyes. 

"Fuck yeah", said Kodey, as she wildly pleasured his dick, stimulating every saliva-coated nerve under the fat cock head. Kodey closed his eyes and enjoyed Dawn's small, wet mouth attaching itself to his cock. He fisted her hair.

"Come on baby suck. Suck me harder...! Yeah that's it, suck on it hard. Mmmm...oh fuck yeah! Suck on my cock! Suck it, come on suck it! SUCK IT!!!!!"

Dawn relaxed her throat as Kodey slid his long thick dick up her mouth, and past her tonsils. She gagged slightly as her throat grew accustomed to the foreign stub of flesh forcing down her throat. Kodey threw his head back and groaned in pleasure as he pushed her head down, forcing more of his cock down her throat. The lack of air increased her excitement as the blood rushed to her head, all the while her lips sucked feverishly on his shaft. The bed shook as Kodey fucked her mouth, his powerful thighs driving his thick cock in and out of her lips. 

He pulled his cock from her mouth as Dawn gasped for air. His cock was rock hard and shiny with her saliva. He smiled and kissed her. "You're doing a good job" he said. "Ready for more of my cock?"

Dawn nodded, delirious with erotic submission. Kodey kissed her again and poised his thick cock head at her lips. "I need you to really relax your throat for this baby" he said, as he roughly stroked his cock to maximum hardness. Dawn watched in lustful fascination as his cock thickened, hardened and lengthened. His powerful cock was reinforced with veins protruding from the satiny shaft like gorges. Satisfied, Kodey pried open her mouth with his thumb hooking on her lower jaw as he slowly eased his engorged cock into her small wet mouth. As it slid across her tongue, Dawn reflexively tried to suck, but her mouth was firmly hooked open. Kodey pushed deeper, about half his cock was now in her mouth when it touched the tonsil barrier. She gagged slightly. Kodey firmly pushed his hard cock deeper, forcing her mouth to open wider. Dawn could feel his broad cock tip squeezing into her throat. She was sure she couldn't take anymore. Her jaw ached from being forced open so long and so wide. She made a whimper of protest as he relentlessly pushed deeper.

"Sshh...just relax...you're gonna take all of me".

Dawn couldn't believe that all his ten inches could possibly fit inside her small mouth, yet Kodey continued to force his cock inside, until only an inch remained.

"Come on baby.." he whispered. "Just a little more...come on, relax your mouth...Come on! Open up for me!"

Dawn yawned as wide as she could as Kodey slid in the last inch of his cock. He growled in satisfaction as all ten inches of his cock was lodged up her mouth. Dawn's mouth was stretched uncomfortably wide and her nose was buried in his thick, dark blond pubes. 

"Look at me, baby" he said softly. Dawn peered up his muscular torso at his handsome, smiling face. 

"Fuck yeah ...every inch of my cock deep inside your throat...your mouth's made for my cock, baby" he said. He pulled her hair back to examine his handiwork, and softly stroked the skin beneath her gaping jaw, down the middle of her neck. "Can you feel my cock somewhere here, baby...?" He pressed down softly. "Right about...here..."He chuckled as he caressed the soft skin there, enjoying the sensation of her complete submission to his cock, the sex slave of the wicked fantasies he like to play. 

"Stick out your tongue so you can lick my balls, baby". Her mouth still jammed with dick, Dawn slowly protruded her tongue and to her amazement she managed to feel the light fuzz of his balls on her tongue. She licked, tickling his balls with her tongue and making them bounce. 

Kodey looked down at the lovely sight...a beautiful woman, naked, on all fours, her small mouth stuffed so full with his cock she can hardly breathe, and he smiled with total satisfaction. Slowly, he began to withdraw his cock from her mouth, sighing with pleasure as it raked across her tongue. Finally, he slid his whole cock out from her gasping mouth, every hard inch glistening and wet with saliva, pooling down his balls onto the sheets. 

He bent down and kissed her spent lips. She was still gasping from the aggressive blowjob and her pussy throbbed with lust, wetting the silky sheets beneath her. Before she knew what happened Kodey yanked open her legs with both hands and began to lap hungrily at her wet cunt.

He sucked on the sensitive folds of her moist pussy while his tongue fished for her clit, licking it and teasing it relentlessly. She screamed at the delicious pleasure.

"Mmmm...." he said between licks. "Your pussy tastes yummy...so wet...so juicy. You wanna taste yourself babe?" he asked. He then positioned himself above her and guided his rigid cock into her wet passage. His thick cock filled her cunt up tightly, and Dawn nearly came as he squeezed himself all the way in, coating his shaft in her wetness. He then withdrew his cock and kneeled above her face, his thighs on either side of her head.

"Here...lick your cream off my cock" he said. Dawn, aroused beyond description, deliriously lapped at the glistening hard penis, tasting her sticky pussy juice and loving it. Kodey smiled, man, he thought, he was having so much fun, and went back to eating her pussy some more. 

*

"Ride me hard!" Kodey bellowed as Dawn skewered herself onto his hard cock. It was close to midnight, and they had cuddled, kissed, sucked and fucked all day, all over the apartment, and now finally on the couch. Dawn was exhausted, yet incredibly still as horny as ever. Her pussy was sore from so much stimulation as Kodey was fucking her raw. She almost couldn't bring herself to bounce anymore on Kodey's powerful lap, when he whispered in her ear, "Come on baby, ride me, just a bit more, come on!" Tired as hell, Dawn slid up and down his thick cock, incredibly feeling the buildup of yet another orgasm. As she rode him, Kodey mercilessly played with her taut nipple and reached in front to tease her clit. She rode him faster as her breathing grew shallower, while he squeezed her clit and pussy lips. 

"Come for me now baby! Come now!" said Kodey, and suddenly her pussy exploded with cream as she screamed to her first squirting orgasm. Her juice flooded his balls and hands. At that moment she heard him roar as he came in hot spurts deep inside her cunt. She got off his dick and as he unplugged his cock his cum and her cream flowed and dripped out from her pussy. Finally, she collapsed in his arms and he kissed her, both looking forward to more mind-blowing sex tomorrow.