 They kissed at the corner. She pressed her body up against his, trying to convey her desire and need of him. But he pulled back, hesitating.

"I just don't think I should come up to your apartment," he said. "I can't give you what you're looking for."

"All I'm looking for is for satisfaction tonight," she said. She kissed him again, pulling his tongue into her mouth and sucking on it like she wanted to do to his cock.

His willpower was fading, and after kissing her in return, he lowered his head in defeat as she led him by the hand into her apartment building. In truth, he wanted her just as much as she wanted him.

She cornered him again in the elevator, rubbing her hand over his cloth-covered erection. He moaned in pleasure as she kissed him.

Once she opened the door to her apartment, there were no words. He pressed her up against the wall, letting his desire take over his thoughts, and kissed her back with passion as his hands lifted her top and touched her soft back, his thumbs coming around to caress her breasts.

Her hands were pulling his shirt from his pants, too, needing to feel his skin against hers. He kissed her neck, and her head fell back as she sighed. Her neck was always one of her erogenous zones, and touch or kisses there gave her goosebumps up and down her arms.

She pulled off his shirt and led him into her bedroom. He had already removed her shirt and had lifted one of her breasts from the bra to pull into his waiting mouth. 

"Ahh," she moaned in pleasure. He suckled and lightly bit on her erect nipple, then moved to the other breast. 

Not wanting to be outdone, she quickly unclasped his belt and unbuttoned his pants and released his already engorged cock from his boxers.

"Mmm..." She moved quickly down his body, his mouth popping off her nipple, as she kneeled between his legs and sucked his cock into her mouth.

"Ahh...oh, yes," he sighed in obvious pleasure.

She fondled his balls and moved her other hand in sync with her mouth as she licked and sucked his huge member into her warm, moist mouth. Her mouth moved up and down his cock, and she took as much of it into her mouth as she could. There was still more. She glanced up at him to see him watching her, enjoying the view. She couldn't wait to get the whole length inside of her body, so she ran her tongue up and down the length of him before again sucking him into her lips. She felt her pussy getting moist.

After hearing a few quick intakes of breath, and not wanting him to come just yet, she slowly stood back up, kissing her pathway up his firm abs, lightly dusted with hair, making her way back to his mouth. He kissed her hungrily, wordlessly showing her what her mouth had done to him as he pressed his fully erect cock against her stomach. His hands removed her pants as she unclasped her bra.

He gently but purposefully pushed her against the bed so he could have access to her whole body. She crawled backwards a bit, giving him room to climb on the bed and crawl after her. He parted her thighs, curling his hands around them as she threw her head back against the mattress, knowing what was coming and wanting it so badly.

He licked gently at first, then dove his mouth into her depths, licking her lips, sticking his tongue into her opening, and then sucking her clit into his mouth. He moved his hand and put a finger inside her and felt her hips writhe and her sharp intake of breath.

"Oh yes, oh yes," she encouraged him.

He put another finger inside her and used his fingers to fuck her while his mouth stimulated her clitoris. She felt an overwhelming orgasm overtake her and gripped his head with her hands. Her thighs clenched on either side of his head and he felt her tremble with desire.

As she came down from that high, he kissed up her body and positioned his cock at her entrance. She was so wet from her cum and his mouth, and he easily slipped the head of his cock in. But she was tight, and her body contracted around his presence, and for a moment she thought it would be too much for her to take. She relaxed and let him continue to push in, feeling his cock enter her and fill her with heat. She began to move with him, rubbing her body against his as he moved his hips in and out. She wrapped her legs around his back, and he bent to kiss her passionately again.

His fingers rubbed and pinched her nipple while his other hand held onto her hip, continuing to drive his cock deep inside her. Unable to stop it, she came again, screaming in his ear and clutching at his back and firm ass.

Still weak from the last orgasm, she was temporarily spent and completely relaxed. He flipped her over to her stomach and pulled her hips towards him so she was on her knees. He pushed his pulsing, hot cock back inside her. She was so wet. He rubbed his finger over her entrance where his cock was going in and out and then rubbed the lubrication over her ass. He heard her gasp and felt her pussy clench around him as he teased the tight opening.

She wasn't sure if she wanted this, but she found it so exciting! But she wanted to ride him, too, so she pulled forward when he pulled back and turned to face him, flipping him to his back.

"Oh yeah, baby, come on, ride me." he encouraged. She straddled his body and slowly impaled herself on his erection, unable to stop the moan from escaping her lips. She sat upright, and he reached for her breast which was swaying above him as she rode him. He pulled the breast to his mouth, lightly biting the nipple like he knew she liked. She started moaning and moving faster, and he knew she was nearing another orgasm. With his other hand, he reached around her and found her ass still wet. He rubbed the opening and it nearly threw her over the edge. As she continued to escalate her rhythm and moans, he pushed just the tip of his finger inside her tight ass.

Already on the path to another orgasm, she suddenly skyrocketed and felt her pleasure reaching new heights. "Oh my God, oh my God, oh yes." She couldn't find words to describe the intense feeling exploding inside her. She opened her clenched eyes and looked into his as he came with her. 

"Oh..." was all he said as he pumped his hot come into her. He looked into her eyes and knew he wasn't over her. He still wanted her.