 It was a rainy day last October, and Sherry and I had been out shopping for party supplies for Chris' birthday party which was to be that night. After a frustrating day of traffic, long lines, and miserable weather, we were at last pulling into the driveway of her house.

Sherry and I were college students, and she shared a house with two other girls from the same University. One, Linda, had graduated the year before, but was still living there as she built up a nest egg for a house of her own. Linda was a tall, graceful young woman of Thai descent. She wore her shiny black hair long and straight down her back, where it reached to just below the beginning of her well toned rear end (Linda was something of a fitness freak, so her body was always in tip top shape). The other, Jenny, was younger than Sherry and Linda, blonde, with a face like a cherub and the biggest breasts on campus. Sher, who rounded out the three of them, was a tall redhead with startling green eyes. She was the tallest of the bunch, probably about 6'2'', and she didn't have much in the chest department, but she had a heart shaped ass that drove every guy on campus crazy. The three of them lived in a modest, three bed, two bath number just South of the University. I'd often fantasized about having an orgy weekend in that house, just the four of us, but I'd had yet to commandeer one resident, let alone the three. Besides, the three of them were never at a loss for a male companion of their own, and Sherry had been seeing Chris now for almost 6 months. 

As we pulled up, Sherry shot me a glance, one of those that told me I wasn't going to get to relax before the party tonight, as I had planned. 

"Josh?" she said in her best helpless damsel voice, " Can you help me set up for the party tonight? I'll buy you dinner."

"You don't have to buy me anything, Sher," I replied, "I'll be happy to help."

Sherry and I had this relationship for the past two years or so, since we met as freshmen. We had become fast friends, sharing a sense of humor, a taste in movies, beer, and ways of wasting time. I would often go along with her on one of her wacky schemes, and she would patiently listen to, read, and critique my stories for me before I submitted them to the College fiction magazine. Simply speaking, we were buds. There was a kindred spirit between us, and a bond that was as important to her as any boyfriend ever could be. It was important to me, too, and I valued her as a friend very much, but there was always something missing. I don't know, maybe it's the 22 year old guy in me, but I never could shake the urge inside me to want to bend Sherry over a table and fuck the hell out of her. Unfortunately, I was always too much of a coward to do anything about it, and now she was in a committed relationship. 

With the two of us working together, it only took about 45 minutes to set up the party decorations. It was about 45 minutes of pretty hard work, though, and by the end of it, I had sweat off about five pounds. I looked at the clock, and realized we had a couple of hours until the party started, so I asked Sherry if she would take me back to my house so I could shower. 

"I've got a better idea," Sherry said, "Why don't shower here? You brought a change of clothes, right?"

It was true. I hadn't originally planned on going home before the party, so I had brought something nice to wear for it. "Yeah, I've got 'em," I said.

"Well, why don't you go upstairs, and use my bathroom so the one down here will stay nice, and get changed for the party. And I'll make that dinner I promised you."

Actually, she had promised to buy dinner, not make it. I was familiar with Sherry's cooking; it wasn't one of her strong suits, but beggars can't be choosers, so I went to the car, grabbed my clothes, and headed upstairs to shower. Downstairs I could hear the Microwave starting up – her idea of a home cooked meal – and some shuffling around. I closed the door to Sherry's room and started to undress. My undershirt and shorts were wet from sweat and they stuck to me. I was looking forward to this shower. I stepped into the adjoining bathroom and turned on the water. It felt good on my skin, and I proceeded to wash thoroughly. I was about halfway through when I heard a noise that sounded like it came from Sherry's room. Was she in there? The thought of her being so close aroused me more than a little, and my hand found its way down to my dick. I started stroking, imagining her coming in with only a towel, on, opening the shower door, letting the towel fall, and then stepping in to join me… I forced myself not to think about it, and fearing I was starting to take too long, finished the shower quickly and stepped out. 

As I was drying off, still semi-hard, I realized that I had left my clothes in Sherry's room. I opened the door to the room, and the steam crept out. As I made my way in, I was surprised to find Sherry in the bedroom. Startled, I hugged the towel closer to my body, my half erection clearly visible. 

"Oh. Uh, sorry, Sher, I just left my clothes in here."

Sherry smiled. "Uh-huh. Listen, I thought I might get a shower myself. I'm kind of all hot and sticky, too."

"Oh, okay," I said, "Well, I'll be out of there in a minute."

"All right," she replied, " I'll be waiting."

I grabbed my clothes and headed back into the bathroom. This was getting too hot to handle. I tore off my towel and grabbed my cock, hoping I could jerk myself off quickly enough so that Sherry wouldn't know what I was doing. She certainly didn't know what she was doing to me. Or did she? Nervous as I was, the curiosity overwhelmed me, and I cracked open the bathroom door a peek. 

What I saw nearly made me cum right then and there. Sherry was lying on her bed, now nude, with her legs open, slowly moving her fingers up and down along her clitoris. Moaning softly, she grasped her left nipple on her A cup breast between her fingers and started kneading vigorously. Could that have been because of me? Literally shaking with anticipation, I knew it would be now or never in terms of making my move. I made a silent apology to her boyfriend, and then stepped out into the bedroom. 

Sherry saw me standing there, naked, cock jetting out towards her like a magnet to her pussy. She paused for a moment to take her fingers off her clit and use them to beckon me toward her. This was an absolute dream come true!

I wasted no time in coming to her aid. Immediately I knelt down in front of her and began to kiss her ankles, and up her calves and thighs until I arrived at the junction of her legs and pelvis. The smell of her juices was strong, and it drove my excitement to a fever pitch. Doing my best not to devour her at first taste, I hungrily began lapping at her clitoris.

"Oh… oh, yes, thank you, Josh, that's exactly what I needed," Sherry whispered to me, "I've been so horny all day."

I wasn't about to question why, I could always ask questions later. Instead, I chose to respond by inserting my tongue as far into her pussy as I could get it.

"Uh… Yes, oh, God, yes, Josh, Yes!" I could feel her starting to writhe as the feeling overtook her. "Oh, Josh, stick your tongue deep inside me!" Always willing to oblige, I speed up my motions, all the while exploring her body with my hands.

After a few minutes of this, Sherry began to sense an orgasm approaching, and I noticed it too when her legs began to tighten around my head. Not wanting to be cut off for air, and in an attempt to retain access to her clitoris, I forced her legs to stay open. This was all that she needed to go over the edge. Sherry's screams began to rise, and after what seemed like five minutes worth of bucking, hair pulling, and animal noises, I finally let up, and allowed her a chance to catch her breath.

"Thank you, thank you so much, Josh. I haven't cum like that in over a year."

"Well, we're just getting started. Come on, move over with me."

I scooted Sher over on to the middle of the bed, where she came to rest with her head on the headboard. Then straddling her just underneath her armpits, I slipped my rigid cock into her mouth, which she took invitingly. I had always imagined Sherry to be an excellent cocksucker, but nothing could have prepared me for this. The things that she could do with her tongue and lips! I was at her mercy for a solid ten minutes, as she swirled, sucked, licked and nibbled on my cock and balls. Soon, I couldn't take it anymore, and I said, "Sherry, I'm going to cum."

Sherry simply shook her head and released my dick from her mouth. Then, she rolled over, stuck her hind end in the air, and said, "Now put that dick inside me."

When she was fully clothed, I couldn't say no to her. Now, with that ass right in front of me, I lost all control of my senses. I grabbed her waist and plunged deep into her, holding fast as far into her as I could get.

"Oh, fuck, yeah," she groaned, "Now fuck me like you mean it."

I needed no other prodding, I was soon hammering away at Sherry's tight pussy like there was no tomorrow. We fucked like animals, me mounting her from the back, fondling her small breasts and slapping her ass, as she pivoted and moved her pelvis up and down, back and forth, side to side.

"Oh, Sherry. Oh, God, you have no idea how long I've wanted to do this."

"I've wanted it so bad, Josh. Give it to me. Give me what I've been wanting. Give me your cock."

It was my pleasure. We pounded each other so hard I thought I would rip her in half. My ball sack was swinging freely and slapping her clit with every stroke. Soon her knees began to give out from under her, and I used my hands to support her legs.

"Oh, yes, Josh. Hold me up, hold me. Oh, Christ, that feels good. Uh, Uh, Uh… Oh, shit, Josh, I'm gonna cum…"

That were the last words Sherry was able to get out before a wave of orgasm hit her body, and she began screaming. I, too, was near climax, and so once I had ridden her through her wave, I moved into the home stretch. Sher must have sensed I was near, so she said, "Pull out."

"What?"

"Pull out. I want to jerk you off with my feet."

"Really?"

"Yeah, I've never done it before. Can I Josh, please?"

Once again I found myself unable to refuse. I pulled my cock out of her cunt, and slid backwards a little. Sherry, meanwhile, brought her legs up and around and grasped my cock with the heels of her feet. She took good care of her feet, (regular pedicures and all) so they were soft to the touch. Also, the feeling of cold skin against my steaming hot member was practically all I needed. I grunted to signal release, and soon I was shooting hot streams of semen all over the bedcovers and Sherry's feet, stomach, and breasts. One shot even hit her on the cheek and hair, and hung like a chain between the two. It was one of the sexiest things I had ever seen in my life. 

I collapsed onto Sherry and kissed her furiously. I would have liked to have gone to sleep holding her in my arms, but she would have none of that. The party was starting soon, and now both of us needed a shower.