 It was 2:00 in the morning when I heard a light tapping on my front door. I was up late playing video games and had just finished my game. Looking at the clock, I was hesitant to go to the front door when I heard the voice of my neighbor, Sarah. "Derrick, it's Sarah…can we talk?"

I opened he door to find Sarah standing on my porch in her bare feet with nothing on but an oversized white t-shirt that came just to the top of her white silk panties. While Sarah is a plus sized woman, she also has a beautiful smile, hypnotic brown eyes and flowing sandy blonde hair. She wasn't a model, but she got my attention standing there practically naked. My cock was beginning to come to live when I stammered, "C-Come on in."

"Thank you," Sarah said with a smile, "I heard you over here, guess you couldn't sleep either?"

I shut the door and turned to face her, "I was just playing a game of football. What are you doing up this late?"

Sarah's face turned red as she said, "I'm feeling horny tonight and couldn't sleep. Rich is fast asleep so he's no help. I tried my vibrator but the batteries are dead. I've been watch "Skinamax" and fingering myself for hours now but no matter how many orgasms I've had it just makes it worse. I know Erica isn't home and I need someone to satisfy me."

I stood there dumbfounded as Sarah spoke, I can't believe she just asked me to have sex with her. Not that I haven't thought about it, I've fantasized about taking her many times. But there is a difference between masturbating to a fantasy and actually slipping your cock into your fantasy's pussy.  

"Derrick," I heard Sarah, "are you ok? Maybe I shouldn't have come here…I'm sorry." Sarah began to head for the door.

"Wait! I'm sorry, I was just thinking how I've fantasized about being with you and now here you are." My cock was straining against my shorts, so hard it hurt.

"You've fantasized about me?" Sarah said, sounding shocked, "Really?" I nodded my head yes. A smile of pride came across Sarah's face, "Well, then tonight your fantasies come true." Sarah slowly pulled her shirt over her head, revealing her breasts to me. Her hard nipples showed her arousal as they stood proudly from her D-cup breasts. 

Sarah stepped close to me, pulling off my shirt and then slipping her hand up the leg of my shorts to squeeze and massage my hard cock through my underwear. "I need to be touched, I need to be satisfied, I need to be fucked hard, I need this hard cock in my mouth, in my ass and in my cunt. Don't be gentle with me, I won't break." 

With that Sarah began kissing me deeply, savagely. There was no going back as we began to ravage each other's bodies. I raised my hand and began pinching and pulling on Sarah's aroused nipples. Moans emanated from her with every pinch, twist and pull, "Yes, that's it!" she said breathlessly. 

Sarah dropped to her knees and pulled down my shorts and underwear in once motion. As my eight-inch cock sprung free she took it into her mouth, bobbing her head the length of my shaft, deep throating my cock every time. She then reached up, massaging my ball sac, while she slipped her other hand to her crotch. Pushing her panties to the side she inserted her finger inside her wet pussy. 

I was moaning wildy as Sarah sucked me, my knees were getting weak but I couldn't move, the feeling was just too intense to stop. I rolled my head back and closed my eyes as the feeling kept building. The sound Sarah's wet pussy was making as she fingered herself was erotic; even more erotic was the fact that I could smell the sweet scent of her arousal. 

Sarah was alternating short and long strokes to keep me from cumming quickly, she was very good. Then she did something that I never had experience, and it drove me over the edge. Sarah took her well-lubricated finger from her pussy and slid it into my ass. It felt weird at first but as she continued her assault on made me even hotter. 

I opened my eyes and looked down at Sarah's head bobbing back and forth on my shaft, it was more than I could take. That's when I put my hands on the back of her head and began fucking her mouth. I fucked her mouth hard, pushing my cock deep into her throat. She never backed off, she never gagged, and she took every inch of me as I used her mouth to pleasure me. 

Finally I couldn't take it anymore. My orgasm began as my balls contracted, I thrust my cock down her throat one more time, holding her head, "I'm cumming Sarah!!!" I proceeded to pump shot after shot of seed down her throat. After my orgasm subsided I pulled my cock from her mouth as she pulled her finger from my ass. I collapsed on the couch breath heavily.

"Where did you learn to do all that…that was incredible!" I said to Sarah as she sat next to me.

She smiled, "I've had plenty of practice, I must admit I was a little cock slut before I got married. I was always sucking off some guy I knew…could never get enough cock." I was surprised to hear that, she didn't seem like the slut type.

As my breathing began to return to normal I leaned over and began sucking and biting Sarah's nipple. She began moaning and crying out "yes" as her nipples were sensitive from all the stimulation. I slid my hand down to her crotch to find the entire crotch of her panties soaked. The wet crotch was molded to her labia as I began to caress her womanhood. "God you don't know how much I needed to be touched there," Sarah said breathlessly. 

I switched nipples and continued playing with her wet pussy through her panties when she pressed her hand over mine and her body stiffened…yelling, "DON'T STOP I'M CUMMING!!!" I could feel her clit throbbing even through the silky material of her panties. While her orgasm ripped through her, I slid off the couch, positioning myself between her legs. 

When Sarah came down from her orgasm and released my hand from her cum soaked panties, I reached up and slowly removed her panties, giving me the first sight of her cunt. As I pulled them off her feet, Sarah spread her legs wide for me, revealing her womanhood to me. Her swollen outer labia spread to reveal her intimate pink sex. The clitoris was visibly throbbing and very swollen. It stood out, demanding attention and cum was flowing out of her fuck hole like a river.

I lowered my head to her crotch and began licking the river of cum from her cunt. She was sweet tasting so I attacked her hole, drinking her cum like a man dying of thirst. Sarah's hips began to buck as my tongue snaked its way into her wetness. One of her hands immediately went to the back of my head, pulling me deeper into her cunt while the other began to pinch and pull a nipple. 

After I licked up her sweet cum I turned my tongue to her clit. I circled and flicked her protruding clit with my tongue. Sarah was moaning and screaming, "Don't tease me…oh god suck it and bite it!" I did just that. I took her clit into my mouth and sucked hard on her joy button. "Yes," Sarah screamed, "that's it…more…more…I'm going to cum again!!" That's when I bit down on her clit, rolling it between my teeth and flicking the nub with my tongue. Sarah pulled my face tighter against her crotch and let out with a scream to wake most of the neighborhood as I felt her wetness against my chin.

I kept sucking until her hand relaxed and I could move my head again. I lowered my head to begin licking her copious amounts of cum. Sarah moaned, "No…to sensitive," and pushed my head away. She slowly rolled over on the couch and crawled backwards to the end. She looked down at my hard cock and then in my eyes with a lust-filled stare. "Fuck my ass!!!" 

I stood behind Sarah and spread her ass. There was already plenty of lubricant from all the cum that flowed from her cunt. I positioned the head of my cock at her anus when she said, "Go slow at first…I've never been fucked in the ass before." 

That made the fantasy come true even better, I was going to take her ass cherry, "Ok, just let me know if you want me to stop." Sarah shook her head yes and bit her lip as I began to slowly enter her ass. I pushed my cock through her tight sphincter one inch at a time, stopping to let her get used to the feeling. Finally I was balls-deep inside her, the only sound was slight whimpers that Sarah made.

I slowly withdrew my cock, till only the head remained. I repeated the process for several minutes before I felt Sarah relax and begin to moan, "Now Derrick, fuck my ass hard." I began to slam my cock into her ass savagely. We were both in a state of euphoria as she began thrusting back against my invading cock. I put my hands on her hips, guiding her ass back n forth on my hard shaft. There was no being gentle anymore; this was a rough, hard fuck that we were both enjoying. 

"Oh god my cunt is on fire…you're making me cum again!!!" We were both breathlessly moaning as we both enjoyed this savage invasion of her tight ass. "Fill my ass with your cum Derrick…NOW!!!" Sarah screamed as her orgasm ripped through her body. That sent me over the edge as I released a hot load of semen in her bowels. I held her ass tight against me as I shot load after load of thick semen inside her. 

Soon the rapture passed as my cock slid from her ass as Sarah collapsed on the couch, panting heavily. I sat down on the arm of the couch trying to regain my breath as well. After a few minutes Sarah regained enough strength to sit up besides me. I saw her smile as she looked down at my crotch, "Oh my, I'm glad to see that's still ready for more!"

I looked down to see my cock had not lost any hardness; I was amazed as well. Sarah stood up and leaned over the back of the couch. I didn't need an invitation. I stood behind Sarah and slammed my cock into her hot little cunt. Her love tunnel was extremely tight and the soft, smooth walls were well lubricated from all the orgasms she's experienced tonight. 

The smell and the tightness of her sex drove me wild; I began to pound her pussy hard and fast. The feeling of her tightness around my cock was incredible. If not for having just cum in her ass I'd have probably cum quickly. Sarah began playing with her nipples and scream "yes…yes…yes" over and over again. 

As I thrust my hard cock inside her my head penetrate Sarah's cervix every time I bottomed out. Sarah was panting hard now as my cock pistoned in and out of her tight box. Her cunt walls began contracting as her orgasm began. The feeling made me fuck her faster. I could feel her cum soaking her love tunnel and flowing out onto my balls and thighs. Her orgasms never stopped either, as soon as the contractions stopped from one orgasm the next orgasm would begin.

Breathlessly Sarah pleaded, "God Derrick, cum inside me soon…I can't take much more of thissssssssss…" she said as another orgasm ripped through her body. "Just fuck my pussy harder…yes…harder," she begged, "shoot that hot load deep in my cunt…please!!" 

Her begging made me hammer her love tunnel even harder till I could hold on no more. I plunged my hard cock deep inside her cunt, penetrating her cervix one last time, dumping the last of my cum inside her. I let out a long, loud howl as I experienced the intense orgasm. 

It felt like hours before I could move again. By the time I could move my now flaccid penis had slipped from Sarah's well-used fuck hole. I helped Sarah stand on her wobbly knees. She kissed me passionately and said, "Thank you!!! You've satisfied me beyond words. If I ever get the itch again, you'll be the first I call. And if you ever need satisfying I'll be your little slut anytime you want to use me." 

We kissed again deeply and then parted. Sarah grabbed her t-shirt and put it on. She picked up her white silk panties and handed them to me. "Keep these to remember tonight and your little slut." Sarah then turned and left. After I heard her front door shut next door I held the panties to my face and smelled the sweet smell of her hot cunt. I took the panties and placed them in a bag and hid them so my wife won't find them. Exhausted from my beyond-my-fantasy night of passion, I climbed into bed and fell fast to sleep with the scent of Sarah's sex filling my nose and the thought of our next encounter on my mind.