 * * * * * * * * * *

Author's Note:

This is my first EVER attempt at writing any kind of erotic story. Constructive criticism appreciated, but please be gentle. Remember: It's my first time! :-)

* * * * * * * * * * 

I heard the stairs creak as he made his way to our bedroom. I was always a light sleeper when Lance was working nights. He and his partner caught a case at the end of their shift, and it was well after midnight by the time he got home. 

I kept my eyes closed as he came into the room. I could see him in my mind's eye as he slipped out of his coat and tossed it on the chair. I heard the nightstand drawer slide open and shut as he gently placed his shield and pistol inside. He let out a pained exhale as he briefly sat on his side of the bed. He was tired, and I could tell this case was weighing heavily on his mind. They all did.

I quietly let out a long exhale of relief. I was glad he was home.

He didn't sit long before he got up and headed to the bathroom, partially closing the door behind him. I heard him start the shower. A few minutes later I got up and draped myself with a light robe from the foot of the bed. I made my way to the bathroom and reached through the crack in the door to turn down the dimmer switch.

"I'm sorry, hon, did I wake you?" he asked. His eyes were closed as he quickly rinsed shampoo from his hair. He didn't see me come in, nor did he see as the robe fell to a puddle at my feet.

"I was already awake," I answered as I opened the shower door and stepped inside.

He stepped out of the water's stream and shook his head. "What are you doing?" he asked, turning to face me.

"I missed you. I'm glad you're home," I answered, wrapping my arms around his neck.

He gently hugged me back, but his mind was clearly still on the job. "I'm sorry I was so late," he said. "This case is a mess. I didn't know when I was gonna get out of there."

"It's okay, babe. You're home now," I said. "Try to relax. You'll be back at it tomorrow." I reached up and kissed him, then gently prompted him to turn around. I watched for a few seconds as the shower stream pelted his shoulders with water. He'd been a swimmer in college and had maintained a lithe swimmer's body that drove me absolutely crazy. He reached out and braced himself on the wall in front of him as I ran my hands up his back.

I began slowly kneading his shoulders, starting at the base of his neck and working outward. My hands travelled back and forth along this route before I moved my thumbs to began working the tense flesh along either side of his spine. His muscles were tight - they usually were. It was a workplace hazard. But that didn't stop me from doing what I could to make it better. Plus, I loved touching him.

I continued my mission, stopping occasionally to focus on a particularly tight spot. As I was getting ready to retrace my route, I leaned forward and slowly kissed his body just before attending to it with my hands - first the left side, then the right. Lance exhaled, suggesting he was finally leaving the day behind him.

I continued to kiss my way across his back as my hands reached around to his chest. He turned around and took my face in his hands as he kissed me. Our tongues danced as the water fell around us and I lost myself in the feeling of safety that only came when I was in his arms.

I wrapped my arms around his neck as he began to kiss me lovingly down my body toward my breasts. "I'm glad you were awake," he said, his voice quiet, but filled with lust. He leaned down and took my right breast into his mouth. I moaned as I watched the water draw rivulets along the back of his head.

"I always sleep better when you're with me," I said, as I ran my fingers through his wet hair.

He pulled me tight against him, his erection pressing firmly into my stomach. Feeling him so turned on sent a chill through my body, and I kissed him, my tongue wildly claiming every inch of his mouth as my own. His hands moved down my body, stopping only to squeeze my ass. I reached down with my right hand and wrapped it around the base of his engorged cock. He let out a quiet whimper, and it was a huge turn on to know I could elicit such a response from a man who was paid to carry a gun. Watching him enjoy himself was always sexy as hell. 

I knew what I wanted to do next. 

I reached over and switched the faucet from shower to steam mode as I took his hand and led him to the corner seat. He sat, and I straddled him as the stall filled with steam.

"I want to take care of you, baby," I said as I feathered a kiss on his forehead, his nose and then his lips. "Will you let me take care of you?"

"Oh God yes," he answered as his breathing quickened and he squeezed my breasts in his hands.

He reached down between us and grabbed his cock, ready to slide inside me. I couldn't wait to feel him filling me, but I didn't want to jump right to it - I had other plans. I began teasing us both by moving my body so that he was just inside the edge of my outer lips. As our tongues danced, I moved him back and forth across my clit, pausing with each pass just long enough for me take in the head of his cock, but no more. That alone sent a shockwave of sensations through us both.

"Oh God, Liv," he panted. "Please... I need you."

"I need you too, baby," I answered. "Just relax and let this play out... trust me."

He continued to knead my breasts as I circled my hips in his lap. I knew neither of us would be able to control ourselves much longer, so I gently moved from his lap and stood in front of him, motioning for him to stand. 

"What are you doing?" he asked.

"Shhh..." I answered as I kissed him, pulling a towel to the floor between us. I laced my fingers in his as I began to kiss his chest, kneeling to kiss his sexy stomach, and moving my way down.

His cock was standing at full attention when I gently swirled my tongue around the tip. He inhaled sharply, moving his hands to my head, but being careful not to push my head into him. He knew that made me uncomfortable.

I grabbed the base of his cock with one hand while I squeezed his thigh with the other. "I love you, baby," I said, just before I took him fully into my mouth.

"I love you, too," he panted, his fingernails working their way through my scalp.

I moved my mouth back and forth over the full length of his member, dancing my tongue playfully around the head, then switching to more intense suction. Though my head was down, I could hear he was enjoying himself, and I loved giving him such pleasure. He begun to thrust his hips to match my pace and squeezed my shoulders, letting me know he was close to climax.

I nodded, keeping my pace, happy to see I was bringing him such pleasure. Suddenly his pace quickened and he cried out just as he pulled out and exploded to one side.

He leaned up against the shower wall, catching his breath as I stood up. I had only performed oral sex on two other men. I had never been comfortable with them coming in my mouth, but always felt pressured to do it. With Lance, it was different. He was completely open - it was something we'd talked about - and it was okay with him to pull out before he came. I appreciated the respect and understanding, and when I was allowed to be relaxed and comfortable in the activity, I was able to fully commit to an experience we would both enjoy. And we did.

"That was amazing," he said, still breathing heavy as he wrapped his arms around me.

"If you're up for it, we're just getting started," I challenged as I reached over and turned off the faucet and handed him a towel. I wrapped myself in another towel and opened the shower door, taking his hand and leading him to the bedroom.

We stood at the foot of the bed and he pulled the towel from my body. He cupped both breasts in his hands as he explored my mouth with his tongue. I wrapped my arms around his waist and squeezed his ass through the towel, pulling him into me. Next, my hands travelled the edge of the towel at his waist, and gently tugged it free.

"I'm so glad you were up," he whispered in my ear before tracing his tongue along its edge and gently biting the lobe.

"I'm so glad you're up," I teased, wrapping my hand around his erection.

"You're clever," he laughed, a smirk forming along the corners of his mouth. 

It was good to see him smile.

Before I realized what was happening, he scooped me up and laid me down in the center of the bed. As he lay next to me, he lightly ran a hand along my body, stopping to squeeze my inner thigh. My breathing quickened as I felt myself once again getting wet with his touch.

"I love to feel you touching me," I whispered as I leaned into him.

As he kissed me, I felt his fingers part my outer lips and begin their exploration. His finger moving directly over my clit was almost too much. I inhaled sharply and clenched my right hand as I squeezed his arm with my left hand. 

"Tell me what you want, baby," he whispered in my ear.

"I want you inside me," I answered, my hips beginning to squirm under his touch.

He let his fingers travel farther, gently guiding them inside of me, slowly moving them in and out. I reacted to his touch by contracting my muscles, the action sending a pleasurable sensation through us both.

"I'm inside of you, baby," he said. "Is this what you want?" he asked, his fingers working their magic in my growing wetness, and driving me wild.

"I want to make love to you," I said, my voice catching on the lust I was feeling. "I want to feel you deep inside me ... I want to squeeze you inside me."

With that information, he slowly withdrew his fingers and climbed atop me, gently spreading my legs as his positioned himself to enter me. I bent my knees and raised my hips as he slowly moved inside of me - I wanted to feel every inch of him fill every inch of me.

We lay still together for a minute, not thrusting, just feeling the moment of such complete contact. I gave my pelvic muscles a good squeeze as I whispered, "God, I love the way you feel inside of me."

"You feel so good to me, baby," he said, as he started moving, slowly at first. I wrapped my legs around his and begin to circle my hips to match his pace. Our lovemaking was slow and delicate at first. 

"I know you worry about me," he said, moving in and out slowly as he looked directly into my eyes.

"Of course I worry about you," I said. "I love you. But I also respect what you do, and I know you do everything you can to make sure you come home safely."

I kissed him tenderly as we moved together with him propped up on his elbows above me.

"You're the first thing I think of in the morning and the last thing I think about before I fall asleep next to you ... and when I'm on the job, coming home to you is always on the back of my mind," he said. "I love you more than anything, Olivia."

"I love you, too, Lance," I answered as I looked deep into his eyes. Then I ran my hands down his masculine shoulders and back, stopping only to grab his ass and try and push him ever deeper inside of me. I began to thrust my hips upward, not wanting to know where I ended and he began - but wanting to feel like we were one and the same.

He responded to my needs and quickened his pace, thrusting in and out, our lovemaking filling the air with a primal scent. I matched my pace to his as I began to feel the building waves of ecstasy that would soon wash over me. 

"Oh God, Lance," I cried... "Yes... Yes, baby... You feel so good inside of me."

I knew I was close to coming and I wanted him to come too. 

"You are so tight inside, baby. It feels amazing," he said, his voice low and husky.

I was starting to get light-headed and knew I wasn't far from climax. I ran my nails up his back and squeezed my pelvic muscles around him just before things went dark in my head and I screamed out in pleasure.

"Oh, God, Lance ...Lance ... Yes!" I cried as the wave of ecstasy started to take over me.

The sensation of my tightening around him as he watched my face contort in pleasure threw him over the edge and his pace quickened seconds before I felt his muscles contract as he cried out and exploded inside of me.

"Liv!" he shouted.

"I'm ready, baby!" I answered as my body writhed underneath him and we came together before he collapsed on top of me.

We lay together as our breathing slowly returned to normal. He brushed the hair out of my face and slowly kissed my lips.

"Like I said, I'm really glad you were awake," he said with a devilish wink.

"Me too, baby. Me too," I answered. "I think we'll both sleep better now."

And with that, he pulled me close, covered us both with the sheet, and, for the first time that night, I drifted off to a restful sleep.