 Although we had been on the road for hours now, there just never seemed to be a lull in the conversation. That was just one of the reasons that Angie was a great traveling companion. We had been friends since high school and had grown pretty close over the three years since graduation. I always found that a little surprising because of the gender difference - I had incorrectly assumed that a woman wouldn't "get" a man to this degree. 

I thought our basic thinking would be too different and I had never met a woman who could talk to me like she did. She seemed to be able to understand me and how I was thinking even if she didn't share my same interests. For example, if I was excited about a science fiction movie I had watched, she was an excellent listener and could fully engage in the conversation about it without having any personal interest in science fiction. She would also honestly listen to my opinions and would offer contrary ideas without it devolving into a fight.

I don't recall now what we were chatting about that specific day in the car, but I do remember it being an engaging and animated conversation. I suspect it may have involved sexual or relational topics, and I further suspect that she had intentionally steered it in that direction. Although she was a great road trip companion, now that I look back on the trip I think she may have offered to copilot because she had ulterior motives. 

The first part of the day passed easily as we traveled from central Ohio into Canada. We found that the roads north of the border were incredibly smooth and offered some gorgeous scenery. There wasn't much traffic to speak of and in road trip terms it just didn't get much better than that. I was glad that Angie had offered to keep me company during the long drive and the hours just seemed to float by.

At some point during the conversation Angie rested a hand on my leg. This sort of thing was not at all uncommon because we were both sort of "touchy feely" by nature. It seemed very natural for her to casually rub my thigh as we talked but it also was extremely pleasant. I am very sexual by nature and any touch like this was very welcome, even if her intentions were purely platonic. 

The gentle sweep of her hand up and down my leg was innocent enough that no one would likely think twice about it. Yet even at the time I think I sensed something was happening. Perhaps some sort of subliminal signal passes between people in situations like that? Regardless of whether I suspected it at the time or not, I do recall wishing something would happen. Or at the very least, that she wouldn't stop touching me. Angie had a light touch and her caresses seemed to convey a tenderness or care that felt meaningful. As a horny young male, her touch also felt extremely erotic to me!

As the conversation progressed, so did her hand. It seemed to take hours but the range of her hand gradually extended to run the full length of my thigh. She would let it slide up towards my hip and maybe even linger there or rub in small circles before returning to my knee. I've never experienced a longer sexual build up in my life and it was extremely powerful. Even though it wasn't foreplay or even overtly sexual in nature, it was turning me on in a very intense way. I found myself in quite a predicament because I was getting so horny, but I didn't want to presume too much. I valued her and our friendship and I absolutely didn't want to ruin it by misjudging her intent.

I decided to play it cool and encourage her without being too obvious. I readjusted in my seat so that my legs were a little further apart and my hips a little closer to the steering wheel. I was immediately rewarded when she slid her hand even further up my jeans. At this point she would have been able to feel anything I would have had in my pocket and I desperately hoped she was making this more intimate than friendly. 

I wonder if the disappointment showed on my face when her ever moving hand slid back down my leg towards a safe and strictly platonic zone? Perhaps she was aware of how her teasing was affecting me, or maybe she too was wondering if I would be receptive to sexual advances in our friendship? In any case her hand remained in a safe pattern for a while, defusing the situation a bit. 

When I began to think that I had this all wrong she did it again. Her caresses slipped too far inside my leg to be merely friendly when her fingertips passed over the inside seam of my jeans. Angie's touch was simply incredible. I don't know if it is because she knew me so well or if she was just good at it but her slow, gentle caresses played perfectly into what I thought was sexy. It was all part of an incredibly long teasing that made my cock ridiculously hard. I could feel the precum leaking from me as she rubbed slow motion circles all up and down my leg. 

I think the conversation came to an end as her visits to these more 'out of bounds' places happened more frequently, and eventually she wasn't retreating from them at all. I made a low moan as her fingertips barely grazed my balls and I opened my legs even further for her. Angie slid her hand back up again, this time maintaining that feather light touch against my testicles before sliding away once more. 

Again, her hand slid up and this time it passed quickly over the bulge in my jeans, so lightly that I could barely feel it. Her touch seemed to tell me that she wanted me. She was hesitant to be too bold in case she was wrong about what I might allow to happen, but she clearly wanted me. Knowing that I was desired was a powerful element for me then and remains so today.

I can't describe how much I longed for those soft hands of hers to finally make direct contact with my hard cock. The long teasing buildup was a significant part of that of course, but I also was desperate to feel those same wonderful leg caresses on my cock. 

Angie's slow seduction seemed heedless of the sexual tension that had bloomed inside me. Her hand flitted over my crotch several more times as she continued her roaming, now focusing almost exclusively on the inside of my thigh and up to my stomach as well, a finger tracing along the denim waistband before slipping back down to run her palm down the length of my tool, down the inside of my leg, and now up my left leg. She completed the small circuit by letting all her fingers run up my shaft, which was still straining to be freed.

Her hand was visibly trembling as she turned in her seat now, bringing her right hand over to scratch a fingernail up the thick material of my fly, causing wonderful minute vibrations to transfer straight to the organ causing the bulge there. She unbuckled her seat belt so she could lean towards me and began to use her right hand in earnest. She slowly closed her small hand around my stiff member through my pants, giving me a brief squeeze before resuming her roaming all over my crotch. I was beginning to breathe heavier now and that seemed to encourage her. Her shaking hands fumbled with my belt and then my pants, unbuttoning and unzipping them as she leaned further over the console between us. With my jeans now opened up to her she was able to slip her hand inside, resting her palm against along my stiff cock, only the thin cotton barrier of underwear between us. The sensation was intense because of the warmth, the perfectly delicate pressure, the excitement of something taboo because of our friendship. I wanted so much to be able to just lie back and enjoy this moment, to close my eyes and just let it happen!

She kept her eyes on my crotch as if she was very eager to see my manhood, which I found very exciting! After a long moment she began moving her hand and fingers again, tracing her fingers lightly along the outline of my bulge. I had never been touched like this before and found it incredible erotic. Her gentle movements made me feel as though she was excited about touching me as I was being touched. It seemed as though she was already in love with my body, that she was in awe of it. What an incredible turn on!

Finally her hand slipped inside my underwear and I am shocked that I didn't cum immediately. Again she just lay her hand against me and held it there, the skin to skin contact overwhelming after so much teasing. I groaned in utter contentment and delight, deliriously happy to finally feel those talented fingers against my skin. 

I raised my hips off the seat and together we tugged and shoved and fought with my jeans to get them out of her way, allowing her as much access as I possible while driving. Even as we worked together she continued to stare at my cock in anticipation, reinforcing the idea that she couldn't wait to play with it.

Angie leaned in further, her face now positioned over my aching cock. I couldn't see her expressions now but her reverent touch told me that she was delighted to have me exposed and all hers to explore. I expected her to take me in her fist and stroke me because that seemed the stereotypical way to stimulate men. Instead Angie simply continued to caress me, petting my swollen member as if she had never touched one before. Her hand tenderly slipped down to gingerly cup my balls, hefting them and watching intently as she gave the gentlest of tugs.

I was reduced to incomprehensible mutterings and groans of pleasure as she expertly continued to work my cock and balls, putting me into a state of complete ecstasy. The precum was already leaking copiously from my throbbing member as she bent her head to me, her warm breath on the tip of my pulsing dick.

Because of how this whole situation had unfolded, I guess I had assumed that she was looking to make me cum with her hands. When she bent her head to me, I realized that she might be considering more and a jolt of excitement ran through me. Again she paused for a long moment, her hands still playing with me, and then I felt her tongue touch me. First she slowly ran it around the head, and then her lips followed, kissing the head with wet, soft lips. 

My hips were beginning to ache from the muscles being tensed for so long and I tried to shift a little to ease them before I cramped up, which now seemed imminent. That's when Angie first took me into her mouth. It took me a moment to register what had happened. It was obvious that it was her mouth, but my first thought was it was just her tongue against my skin. As I sorted through the sensations and understood that she had taken the whole head past her lips, I completely stilled, cramp or not! I wanted to savor this moment, to truly experience it and lock away every vivid detail of it. 

I didn't think anything could be more exciting than her hands, but her lips proved me wrong. She slid them wetly back and forth and up and down the head of my cock, silky wet contact that was so smooth that the feeling was actually a bit dulled by it. And yet it was incredibly exciting for the same reason that her hands had been - I felt as though she was exploring sensation for her sake and pleasure, not mine. 

I longed to be deeper in her mouth, to feel the warm grip of her whole mouth around me and my cock pushing against the back of her throat. I ached to be fully enveloped by her, by engorged penis lodged in her velvety mouth. I dared not move and I almost didn't breathe I was so caught up in the moment. As slowly and surely has she had done with her hand, she began a sensuous descent down my dick, sliding the head along the roof of her mouth while her tongue danced slow circles around the shaft. 

Everything she did was magical and intense. She worked me so slowly that the sexual tension built but I never got too close to cumming. She seemed to not want it to end any more than I did and I was grateful for that. For as much as I wanted to buck my hips and empty my cum into her mouth, it was absolutely the best blowjob I had ever had in my life and I had no intention of ending it too soon! 

Each time my cock filled her mouth now she would moan softly, sending wonderful vibrations through me and reinforcing the idea that somehow this was all for her pleasure. I tentatively placed my right hand on her shoulder, wondering if this was something I should do or not. She didn't seem to object so I used the opportunity to thank her in a small way by massaging her neck and shoulder muscles as she worked my cock. 

I began to run my fingers through her hair and massage her scalp, the slow bobbing of her head making it easy to keep in contact with her. I'm not even sure I can describe it as bobbing because it was so slow and varied. It felt more like she was trying to taste every millimeter of my cock and to individually stimulate each nerve ending than just trying to suck me.

I think that is what I found so incredibly exciting about the whole experience - for once it seemed like someone was sucking my dick because they actually wanted to; like she was genuinely enjoying it and had every intention of continuing for as long as I would let her. That was a powerfully sexual thought and magnified every sensation she was already giving me. 

I couldn't hold out any longer and the slow ministrations of her sexy mouth and soft lips triggered a tipping point. I groaned that I was going to cum and she immediately intensified her motions, gripping my cock tighter in her mouth, cupping my balls, and pushing me deeper into her throat.

She bobbed very little now, primarily keeping me deep in her mouth, her tongue still busily lashing against me. I grunted as I shot my load into her mouth and she seemed delighted to take it, milking me as I shot everything I had into her. Up until now I had done a fair job of keeping us in the correct lane and continuing to drive. As I emptied my balls into Angie I took my foot off the accelerator and my hips bucked involuntarily. I could hear her swallowing my load but she continued to suck me strongly, as if she was determined to squeeze every last drop of cum out of me. 

Even as I began to soften, she resumed a wonderfully slow and light sucking, truly draining me, cleaning me off, and letting me slowly unwind from the intensity of the orgasm. After a bit, she lay her head down on my abdomen, my cock still nested nicely in her mouth, just resting there and sucking on me like I was a pacifier for her, her hand gently stroking my balls, my legs and anything else she could reach.