 After rolling over, he turned toward me slightly, one elbow crooked to carry his weight as his eyes scanned mine as if he was wondering what might happen next.

"Gladly," he said, reaching for me, but I only pulled away, knowing that one single touch from his hands would ignite a fire I couldn't help but drown in.

"No, Zackary...no..." pushing his hands away and watching his face as he turned over, a twinge of pain apparent as the angry red scar from his surgery stretched along with the pale skin around it.

"I need to touch you...please..." his voice drifting off, his eyes pleading, needing to respond in kind to my ministrations. I simply smiled, wondering if he knew what his complete surrender to me was doing to me.

Without a word I moved to the foot of the bed, bending down to kiss the front of his ankles...working my way up the strong bone there slightly before turning my head to kiss each calf, hands moving up to his knees as I went, stretching until I had to climb up and kneel on the bed to reach his knees, kissing each in turn, softly lapping at the inside then returning to the cap to gently nip at the skin stretched over bone.

With that finished for now, I pulled myself upright, seeing his eyes watching me as if he were seeing only shadows. I hooked my fingertips in the top of his boxers and started to pull...slowly...sliding backwards on my knees on the bed, watching only his eyes as they slipped down his hips and I pulled them up slightly to free his straining cock from its prison. I felt my flesh start to burn, wanting him so badly...needing to taste him. His flesh had tasted to warm and soft beneath my mouth and I wondered desperately how his cock would feel in my mouth...

I finally let my gaze fall to his cock after I was standing at the foot of the bed, his boxers discarded in the pile of clothes on the floor. A small gasp escaped my lips. It was absolutely beautiful and the thought of pressing my lips to it was almost more than I could bear. My desire did not escape his gaze as my tongue ran languidly across my bottom lip and I heard him groan.

"You are the personification of lust" he whispered and I could only answer with the truth. 

"I know."

"Are you still wet for me?" He asked, as if it were terribly important to him.

"God, Yes" I whimpered, eyes moving back to his cock. "Just looking at you makes me wet, Zackary... and now to see you completely...I need to taste you so much. Tell me you want me to...." My voice drifted off, my own desire starting to take the edge off my calm persona.

"God, Yes." He echoed my own words, his voice husky "But first, I need to touch you...I need to feel your desire for me...come here."

"No, this is all for you." I said, matter of factly, returning to reason as my gaze broke from his body.

"This is for me. Come here. Just for a moment..."

I walked to the edge of the bed where he was laying and stood there, in only my panties, trying to breathe, but unable to draw a decent breath. I closed my eyes, fingertips, mouth, tongue itching to make contact with him again.

As soon as the room went dark I could feel his fingertips, those of an artist, gently tracing, like a whisper up my knee, up farther to my thigh, tracing the outside, near my hip, running over my panties, then tracing the lower line of them to brush, very gently, against my mound, then down until it reached where my clit lie hard and begging beneath the satin.

"Take them off." It wasn't a query, it was a command and I heeded it without even a second's hesitation, pushing them down to fall at my feet, eyes still closed. I could feel the cool of the air rush between my legs as I stood, feet slightly apart, breathless.

"yes..." was all he said as his fingertips returned to my body. "You want me to touch you, don't you?" His voice calm now that he was in his own place of comfort, in control. I decided to count to thirty in my head before pushing him away and returning toward my goal.

30....29...his hand was just above the inside of my knee, fingertips leaving little circles of fire on my skin as his fingertips moved up slightly...20...19...fingertips on my inner thigh now, me breathing so deeply to stay calm that I could hear myself exhale loudly with a quiver....15...14...13...I knew he could feel the heat from my pussy on his sensitive fingertips and I flushed, unsure if it was from passion or from slight embarrassment that he made me this way without any effort...9...8... his fingertips grazing the inner part of my thigh, then sliding up and softly slipping into my slit, his palm up, middle finger sliding over my hot, wet clit and slipping silently inside of me in a swift motion that felt more like slow motion. 

I could feel every single ridge of his fingerprints and handprint sliding over my ultra-sensitive clit before his finger found a home deep inside me, palm cupping my sex. I gasped and pulled away, looking at him with amazement at what one simple series of touches had done to me....3.2.1 I counted, really fast and backed away, eyes flying open and looking at him, watching as he moved his eyes to his fingertip and then his fingertip slowly moved toward him, ending up playing across his tongue, eyes fluttering closed as he softly lapped it clean.

I couldn't breathe. I stared in astonishment at his mouth, watching his amazingly agile tongue lick my honey from his fingertip wanting so much to feel that tongue and those fingers working the heat between my legs into a full-fledged fire. 

And then his eyes met mine and it shook me to the very core. The pure desire buried behind grass-green eyes made me want him more than I had before... more than I realized I could. I looked down toward his cock once more and found it surging, twitching silently begging for my attention, and I rushed to the bed, climbing over his knee to situate myself between them hurriedly... not as I had planned... I had wanted to slowly lap his toy and slide it down my throat with finesse and grace... but it didn't happen that way.

I seemingly could not help myself as I hurriedly lapped the head of his cock, drilling my tongue into the hole there, desiring nothing but to taste him as he had tasted me before. I slid him quickly into my mouth, over my hot, wet tongue and so hard toward the back of my throat that I would have gagged if I had even noticed. The power of him inside my mouth was like a hot-button and I continued to slam my mouth down on him to hard that my teeth were pressed into my inner lip as it rocketed against the side of my finger where I was holding him steady. 

I don't have any idea how long I took out my sexual frustration and need on his cock before I was finally able to slow down slightly and turn my head, letting his cock slip down the slick inside of my cheek a little slower before taking him down my throat, but it seemed like an eternity. An eternity of that steel rod cloaked in velvet sliding down my throat before I remembered to graze my fingernails lightly across his balls, causing them to contract and Zackary to let out a deep, soft moan. Working them gently I set the pace at a manageable rhythm and sucked him inside my willing mouth over and over, alternately rubbing and teasing his balls with my touch, the muscles in my jaw starting to strain but not caring. All that mattered to me was tasting him... feeling him surge in my mouth and spill his seed down my throat, making him part of me forever... I so needed that connection sliding down my mouth, throat and ending up in the pit of my belly, where my desire lay alive and straining.

I was rewarded bountifully a short time later, my jaw burning from the ache of sucking so long, as Zackary grabbed my head and shoved my cock so deeply down my throat that I could barely breathe, let alone swallow. But swallow I did. Copious amounts of his seed pumped inside of me, and when I pulled back slightly I felt it spurt on my tongue, the salty taste of him turning me on even more than before. I swallowed every drop like a woman dying of thirst as his hands continued to encourage me, stroking my hair and the sides of my face.

When finally he ran dry I collapsed between his legs, tongue lazily licking his balls from top to bottom, paying special attention to the little area of sensitive skin between them as I lifted them gently and cradled them in the palm of my trembling hand. I could breathe again, but only in long, low bursts and sighs. The heat between my legs was almost unbearable but as continued licking I bounced back to reality, remembering my promise to myself. "This isn't for me..." and I rolled off of the bed in one fluid motion, watching Zackary lay there in a half-sleep, mumbling "thank you" over and over, looking as tired as a newborn kitten.

I simply smiled and picked up my robe from my suitcase on the way to the shower. "Mission accomplished" I thought, and slipped into the bathroom to finish what, with one single touch, Zackary had started.