 Blonde 18-year-old Candace's manicured finger nervously pushed the button on the elevator, taking her to the top floor of the office building in Tysons Corner, a Northern Virginia office suburb of Washington, DC.

She looked at her reflection in the elevator mirror: A dark brown knit pencil skirt a couple inches above her knees with matching blazer, paired with a white button down blouse with pointed collar. This morning she hadn't been able to decide whether to keep her long, almost white-blonde hair in a ponytail or loose to the middle of her back. In the end she decided to keep it up in a high ponytail. Her ice-blue eyes contrasted markedly with her dark spray tan as did her bleached white teeth and french mani/pedi. She accessorized with a sliver Tiffany chain necklace around her neck, a fake Cartier tank watch on her left wrist, and two silver bangles on her right. She finished off the look with some brown slingback peeptoes with four-inch heels, raising her up to 5'5" from her usual 5'1" and 98 pounds. 

She felt attractive, put-together, and professional. She was too nervous making sure she was on time to notice the whiplash stares of a couple middle-aged men in the lobby. 

"You're professional. You can do this." She assured herself as the elevator rose to her interview. The ensemble was a stark contrast from the white cutoffs, midriff-baring top, and white flat sandals that were her daily go-to.

Candace was entering college in the fall, majoring in business. All she had wanted to do was spend her summer after high school tanning while "working" as a lifeguard, but her parents insisted she get an office job. "It will be irreplaceable experience," she recalled her mother saying.

At a family cookout in early April, Candace's Uncle Todd had suggested reaching out to Sommet Partners, a firm that did international business consulting. "I know one of the founders, Manuel. He is French but speaks English with only a hint of accent, and he's brilliant. Very successful company. I don't know exactly what they do, but they travel to interesting places. Perhaps they could use someone like you around the office. If you're lucky, you might get some travel out of it." 

"Oh my gosh, would you be able to send them my resume, Uncle Todd? I have had no luck so far - that would be awesome!" Candace recalled giving her fit uncle a tight hug and him saying, "Candace, you're my first niece. It's the least I can do. Now, there are no guarantees, but I will see if I can get you in the door." She smiled recalling the conversation.

A day later, Candace had gotten a call from Danielle Charante. "Ms. Jackson? I'm Danielle Charante, and I provide executive support to our firm's two founders, Manuel Bienfait and Charles Diarra. Could you come to our office tomorrow morning, at 9 a.m. sharp?"

"Yes, yes I can make that."

"You can? Wonderful. You have the address?"

"I do, but not the suite."

"Suite 1401. Oh, and, given your age, I think it's important to make clear to you that our office dresses professionally. Monsieurs Bienfait and Diarra have not bought into this casual office trend."

"Of course, Ms. Charante. See you tomorrow!"

Now, as the elevator door opened, Candace took a deep breath and walked into the gleaming white lobby. A silver sign behind the desk read "Sommet Partners" and Candace saw a slender 20-something woman with ebony skin wearing a navy dress, her straightened hair also in a ponytail. 

"You must be Candace," she said with a French African lilt. She smiled a row of gleaming white teeth and said, "I am Ashanti. May I get you some water, or coffee?"

"Yes, I'm Candace - nice to meet you. I'm here to see Ms. Charante. Water would be fine, thank you so much," said Candace in her rather girlish voice. 

"One moment, please." said the woman. As she rose, Candace was stunned at how tall the woman was. Her lithe frame was accentuated by her five-inch black pumps, whose heels clicked with every step on the tiled floor. The woman returned with a bottle of Perrier. Candace noticed she did a once-over of Candace's outfit. "Candace, please have a seat until Ms.Charante is ready to see you."

Candace sat in the lobby chair, one whose cushions caused her to sink low and made her skirt rise up on her thighs, showing a lot of leg. She attempted to adjust her skirt downward, but it was futile. Ashanti took a call. "Yes, right away." 

"Candace? Follow me. I will take you to see Ms. Charante. Candace rose and followed Ashanti. Their heels clicked on the floor in unison as they walked down a hall. She noticed the all-white surfaces and recessed lighting everywhere - it gave the office a sleek, modern feel. She also noticed Ashanti's walk - more like that of a graceful model on the catwalk than of a receptionist walking a visitor.

They rounded a corner and came to a desk, behind which sat another stunningly beautiful woman - this one a 30-something brunette. Candace immediately surmised she must model - or have been one. Danielle Charante's deep brown eyes, set wide above prominent cheekbones, glanced at Candace, briefly but long enough to look her up and down as well. She rose and spoke in a slight French accent. "Candace! I'm so pleased you could come on such short notice. Ashanti, thank you." 

"Ms. Charante it is a pleasure," Candace squeaked, and reached out her hand. She looked up at the 5'10" Danielle, who easily broke 6 feet with her sky-high heels.

Danielle shook it and then held it. "Candace, let's go to the conference room and talk, shall we?" She continued to hold Candace's hand and led her to the adjacent conference room.

"Please, have a seat," she said, as she turned on the lights. The conference room too, was almost blindingly bright. They sat in the sleek black conference chairs, both crossing their legs.

"So, you come recommended to us from Todd Mason, who I take it is your uncle?" began Danielle. Candace nodded. "Well, we like your Uncle very much. He has given us some business, and we hope to return the favor at some point. Meantime, I gather that you are looking for an office job. I think an internship here could give you a real wealth of experience."

"Let me tell you a little about the job. There are three areas where we could use you - administrative, business development, and event marketing. First off, we do need general office support - everything from making sure the coffee is ready in the morning, receptionist relief, etc. But we also need an intern that can do some research, both on prospective clients as well as on our competition. General support for business development, if you will. And finally, we have a couple of conferences we will be attending this summer, and we need someone who can help us get ready for those conferences - help us set up booths, plan client entertainment, etc. I do it all right now, so having someone I can trust to delegate tasks and projects to would be excellent. To succeed, you have to have the desire to work hard for just the right result. How does that sound?"

"Wow that sounds great, Ms. Charante. Only, I haven't really done any of those things. Are you sure I'm what you're looking for?"

"Candace, I've looked at your GPA and you're going to a great school in the fall. You're obviously bright. And clearly you know how to work hard, and not just in school. Being captain of your cheerleading team is not the popularity contest people think, you have to be the best athlete and be a natural leader. I know the level of work that goes into such things. We need someone bright and able to work hard. The last part, but the most important, is attitude. Are you eager to please? Judging by how professional and put-together you look, I think you clearly are that."

She continued, "If the decision were mine, you'd be hired right now. But I just have one thing I need to do. Monsieurs Bienfait and Diarra have business sensibilities that sometimes are more European than American, especially around hiring. They are pretty cautious, and simply won't hire someone without one of them meeting the candidate in person - even a summer intern (which we've never had before). Normally I would have to wait an extra week until one of them is back in DC, but I could expedite things if I could take a photo of you. Would you be agreeable to that?"

It sounded reasonable to Candace, and she really wanted the job, as it was such a cool office.

"Sure, do you want a headshot or?" 

"I need you to stand and I'll get a full body pic," replied Danielle.

"OK" replied Candace, and she rose.

"How about you stand over there by that white background," suggested Danielle. Candace walked over to the wall and turned. 

"So, Candace, it's hard to judge how tall you are in heels, but I'm guessing about 5'1"?" said Danielle as she snapped a photo with her mobile phone and started texting.

"I tell most people I'm 5'2" but I'm actually 5'1" - I wear high heels so people think I'm taller than I am." Candace replied, sheepishly. 

"Well, Candace, consider yourself lucky. It's hard for me to find clothes at my height and frame. I'm a size two but I have a 36D chest. It's just impossible to find clothes that fit without significant tailoring." lamented Danielle.

Candace, letting her guard down, replied, "I have a tiny waist and butt - I'd be a 00 dress size, but I'm a C cup, so it's actually hard for me too. We should open a clothing store for odd-sizes!" Candace giggled.

"Oh Candace, yes. Good news is that our founders want everyone to dress super sharp, so we actually have a clothing allowance, and I've asked and it's good for you, too. It's important to dress to please the founders. I'm in charge of the dress code and they get very upset if men are not in suits or if women wear pants or flats. It probably sounds sexist to your ears, but that's how they like it. Are you OK with those rules?"

"Y-yes," Candace stammered. "I mean, this is my first office job, and I want to make a good impression and get a good reference for the future and get some experience, so I don't mind at all - especially if there is an allowance!" she blurted.

"Candace, I will also need to be able to view all your social media accounts. We have to make sure there isn't anything there that would leave a bad impression on the company if it got out."

"Um, sure. My Instagram and VSCO and Snap accounts are all open. I'll text you the links." Candace pulled out her phone and in a few seconds Danielle had links to all her social media accounts.

"Great," Danielle smiled. "Well, I think that's all. I will let you know our hiring decision by tomorrow close of business. Thanks for coming over to our office this morning."

"Oh my pleasure!" blurted Candace. She rose and smoothed out the front of her skirt, her ice blue eyes looking up to meet the deep brown ones of her interviewer, as she too rose from her seat. "Thank you so much Ms. Charmante," said Candace in her slightly girlish voice.

"Oh of course, Candace," replied the taller woman. "Please, call me Danielle. I think this would be a great first office job for you. Again, what we really need is someone who is bright and not afraid to work hard." She cocked her head slightly as she added, "And most of all, someone who is eager to please."

After escorting Candace to the elevator and bidding her goodbye, Danielle pulled out her phone and started scanning Candace's Instagram. 

"Nothing untoward," she thought to herself. "But those bikini shots don't leave a lot to the imagination." She scrolled to one of Candace stretched out on a chaise at the beach, her deep tan in stark contrast to her bleached hair, pale pink mani/pedi, and white thong bikini. In another, Candace appeared in a very short, tight pink dress with matching strappy heels, a corsage on her wrist, posing with two of her friends, wearing equally sky-high heels and tight little dresses. "Homecoming," mused Danielle.  

"Oh my," uttered Danielle, scanning a Halloween pic of Candace dressed as an angel with a white bustier, angel wings, glitter and pink frosted lipstick, white hold up fishnets and white platform pumps.

In yet another, Candace was wearing a school uniform with a little plaid pleated skirt, the waist rolled to make it short, as well her button-down shirt tied to emphasize her cleavage and expose her toned midriff and pierced navel. She had her hair in two long pigtails and was licking an oversized rainbow lollipop. This time she had on black pumps with frilly ankle socks. "She's having innocent fun, but she's making herself irresistible eye candy at the same time," mused Danielle.

Danielle then texted her bosses.

*I interviewed the intern candidate Todd recommended. I think you'll be pleased. Pics to follow.*

A minute or two after clicking send on the links and pics, the texting resumed.

Danielle *She'll do nicely, don't you think?*

Manuel *Would seem so. Do you think she has potential?*

Danielle *Yes*

Charles *How do you know*

Danielle *Woman's intuition ;)"

Manuel *OK. I approve, then.*

Charles *I as well - nice find, Danielle*

Danielle smirked, turned on her stiletto heel, and walked back to her desk.

Candace, meanwhile, felt elated after the interview. It sounded like she would be hired! Soon she was in her white Volkswagen Jetta headed home. It then occurred to her that it was only 10 o'clock in the morning and maybe her boyfriend's parents wouldn't be home. She made a u-turn and headed for her boyfriend Kyle's house, a short 10 minute drive.

Her thoughts turned to Kyle. He had been the star receiver on the football team. He was about 6 feet tall, with a mop of brown hair and a boyish face. Tall, dark and handsome as they say. She adored him, and they had been dating since the start of senior year. Although they were going to different colleges this coming fall they both were going to be around town most of the summer. 

The two of them had started having sex not long into their relationship. Candace had been a virgin when she met Kyle. Kyle had had other girlfriends, and she assumed she wasn't his first. As she drove to his house, she hoped his parents wouldn't be home so she would have a chance to be intimate with him. She couldn't wait to see him. When she pulled up to the huge colonial with the white pillars in front, she noticed that only Kyle's car was in the driveway. He was probably home alone.

Excitedly, she grabbed her purse and walked to the garage door, her heels clicking on the cement of the driveway. She knew the combination to the garage door, pressing the buttons with her manicured nails. The garage door raised, and she walked in, opening the door from the garage to the kitchen. Her heels again clicked on the tiled kitchen floor and then the parquet foyer until she got to the carpeted stairway. She hoped their sound hadn't given away her presence. 

As she reached the top of the stairs she heard the unmistakable sounds of porn, muffled, coming from Kyle's room down the hall. 

She walked gingerly to the his bedroom door, which was slightly ajar. She peeked around the corner. There Kyle lay, naked with a laptop between his legs, a tub of Vaseline by his side, and his six inch hard cock standing straight up, glistening and throbbing. His big hand wrapped around his cock and was easily sliding up and down the shaft, each finger slowly running over the crown of his circumcised head, and then pausing, then slowly sliding back down to the base. His gaze was fixated on the screen between his legs. She could only guess at what he was watching, but knew he loved watching petite girls sucking and getting fucked by huge pornstar cocks.

Candace grinned to herself. "He's such a pervert," she thought. She watched him for a few minutes. Kyle would stroke his cock for 30 to 60 seconds, then stop. Clearly he didn't want to blow his load too soon, although being 18, he produced loads with no end in sight. She thought his masturbation technique might be why he lasted ten minutes with her, instead of her friend's boyfriend, who she said couldn't make it past the two-minute mark. 

"Oh fuck that's so hot," Kyle muttered to himself as he saw a girl on the screen gagging after trying to deep throat the huge pole on the screen. Candace still couldn't see what he was watching, only hear. While she could guess, she thought she'd ask instead.

"What's so hot?" asked Candace, stepping into the room. Kyle almost jumped straight off the bed.

"Holy shit you scared the fuck out of me, baby!" exclaimed a startled, bare-naked Kyle.

"Sorry," she giggled. "I just know you're so hot - laying there, stroking your big dick to that porn. Maybe I could help you out a little baby?" Candace purred, flipping her hair and putting a hand on her hip.

Kyle relaxed and grinned as well. "Of course, baby, I would love nothing better than to have you stroke me off while I watch porn." 

"Sounds good, baby," Candace replied, "As long as you get me off this morning - later." 

"Baby you know I'm good for it," Kyle replied. "Come over here and let me see that rockin bod of yours."

Candace walked over the bed, doing her best model strut, which accentuated her leggy look. She had removed her jacket already, and the buttons on her blouse were strained by the pressure from her breasts, which she thrust out in front of her. 

She crawled onto the bed. "Mmm baby, your cock looks so hot there - all hard and lubed up. Do you want your girlfriend to play with it, hmmm?" she said, not taking her eyes off the throbbing pink head. 

Kyle grinned in anticipation. He had broken in his girlfriend and they had watched a lot of porn together. She had wanted to experiment; she loved to tease and talk dirty. All his friends were jealous of him - a hot cheerleader who loved to fuck.

"You know I want you to play with it, but first, I think you're wearing too many clothes." Kyle replied.

Candace smiled knowingly and met his eyes. She looked down at her cleavage in a coquettish fashion and slowly unbuttoned her blouse, revealing her pink push-up bra, the tops of her breasts spilling out of the C cups. She shrugged the blouse off her arms, then unfastened her short skirt and wiggled it off. She now wore just a pink push up bra and matching g-string, accessorized by her heels, and jewelry, now revealing as well a little silver hoop in her navel with a tiny fake diamond. Her lip gloss's frosted glossy look accentuated the sleek look. 

Now, she reached up and adjusted her high ponytail. Then, she picked up the laptop and placed it on Kyle's left, so both of them could watch it. She moved so she was now on all fours between his legs. From Kyle's standpoint, his rock-hard cock perfectly bisected the vision of her face. She reached a french-manicured hand out and grasped his shaft, shifting it back toward his chiseled abs, her pretty face diving down between his legs. She pursed her glossy lips, and kissed one of his testicles, then the other, both hanging in his clean-shaven ball sack. He grabbed a pillow and propped himself up so he could get a better view of his smokeshow girlfriend servicing his balls. The heat and wetness of her mouth enveloped one, and he could feel her tongue rolling it back and forth, massaging it. He got a feeling in his loins as if she had triggered more cum production from deep inside, and he felt his balls rise slightly toward his body. Kyle took deep breaths and moaned. "Fuck baby that is so hot. You're so fucking hot. Love how you do that." 

"I'm just copying what they're doing on the screen, baby," she replied as she let go of his left testicle with an audible pop. He looked back at the screen he had briefly forgotten and saw that indeed, she was copying the hot petite pornstar servicing the huge horsecock. The male pornstar's cock must be twice as big as Kyle's, he thought, but damn if Candace isn't hotter than the girl in the video. Same tiny waist, hard abs, but bigger tits and a face that looked model-perfect. He wondered for a fleeting moment if she wished she was servicing a cock that size right now. 
