 I

Newly divorced from my wife of seven years. No kids, and no real ties to speak of, so what was I to do? I was feeling adventurous, and since I was still young, I decided to move to the western part of the state that I live in. I live in Virginia, by the way, and going west in Virginia means going to the mountains. It also means going to the land of the trailer parks. I was hoping that I could use what little money I had saved up to get a small place, fix it up, and turn it into a bachelor pad.

I settled in a small town called Lenton. It was a dying town, and the people there hadn't really figured it out yet. Most of the jobs were either low-paying, or they were high-paying. There wasn't much of an in between. You had a few big factories and a pharmaceutical company. They were the ones that paid the big bucks. Beyond those places of employment, you had the big-box stores, the convenience stores, some farming, and then you had good old-fashioned illegal activity. The illegal activity came in the form of drug dealing. Mostly meth, but there was some pot and heroin too. I occasionally purchased weed from a neighbor, but that was about it. I was never into the hard stuff. 

My neighborhood which was small, sat directly across from a trailer park. The park was shabby, and its tenants were not what you'd likely call upstanding citizens for the most part. There were a few that were trying to get out, but the cycle perpetuated itself quite forcefully, and that made it difficult for most, for completely impossible.

I really don't know why I just told you all of that. It's not important. This story is about Candi. I later learned that "Candi" was short for Candace, but that's also irrelevant. Candi resided in one of the nicer trailers. She was also one of the ones in the park that was trying to make a better life for herself. She was at the local big-box store trying to purchase a computer when I met her. She was looking at the dirt-cheap laptops.

"You might want to splurge on something a little better," I said, trying my best to not sound like a dick. 

"Well, this is all I can afford, right now." Her tone was defensive.

Feeling guilty, I said, "Look, I know that you don't know me, and I don't know you, but I'm in a pretty good mood, so how about you get one of the better computers and I'll help you pay for it."

"Why would you do that? You don't even know me." Her defensiveness turned to hesitance towards my generosity. 

"Just think of it as a nice gesture from a stranger. Or maybe you can owe me one, one day if we ever see each other again."

"You're fucking weird, but I'll take you up on your offer 'cuz I need all the help I can get." She smiled finally, and I smiled back. We picked out one of the more expensive computers and we checked out together. 

As we were walking out the door with our purchases in hand she sheepishly said, "Um, I know that you just bought me this really nice computer, and I really appreciate that you did that for me, but do you think that you could give me a ride home too? I'm worried that if someone sees me walking down the street with this thing, they might try and steal it."

"I'm sorry, I didn't know that you didn't have a car. Sure, I'll take you home. Where do you live?"

"Crisville Trailer Court, right off of Route 25," she said. 

I smiled at her. "You're in luck. It just so happens that I live in the little neighborhood right across from there. I'm Ryan, by the way."

"Candi," she replied. "Nice to meet you Ryan. And again, thank you for this. I wish that I could pay you back."

It was at that moment that I started to look at Candi's body. She was short, probably 5'02, and she probably weighed about 150. She had red hair, blue eyes, and a pale, freckly face. She was wearing a pair of tight jeans that made her large, round ass look amazing, and a t-shirt that was low-cut enough that I could see at least six inches of her generous cleavage. She must have caught me looking at her because she started to smile mischievously. 

"I guess you like what you see, huh" she asked with a wry smile on her face. "Is this why you bought me this computer, and why you're giving me a ride home? So you can ogle me?"

Trying my best not to sound like a total creep, I told her that I hadn't really paid attention to the way that she looked until just now. 

"You know I don't believe that, right? I mean, come on, my tits are practically falling out of my shirt," she said, giving them a slight jiggle for good measure. 

"I'm serious," I replied. "I really was just trying to be nice. But now that I'm really looking at you, I have to admit that I really like what I'm seeing."

"Yeah, I bet you do," she replied.

We got to my car and we loaded it up with the stuff that we'd bought. Candi took extra care putting the computer in the trunk, and then got into the passenger seat. I was already in the car, starting it up when she inquired, "So, what is it that you want from me? You think I should fuck you now, since you bought me a computer? Or maybe just a blowjob?"

"Wow, that came out of left field," I said defensively. "I really don't want anything from you. I was just trying to be nice." 

"Well, maybe I want to be nice to you." She shifted in her seat, so I could get a better view of her tits. "Would you like me to be nice to you?"

"I don't know," I said. "I don't know anything about you, except that you live in the trailer park near my house, you're hot, and that you now own a decent laptop."

"What is it that you want to know," she asked.

I felt her hand on my thigh, and my erection was betraying my desire to just do a good deed for someone. "First off, how old are you? I know that's a rude question, but you have to be careful these days. I mean, you definitely look like you're over 18, but I want to know for sure."

"Actually, I'm nineteen. Does that make you feel better?"

"A little," I said as my erection continued to thicken. 

"Does this mean that I can ask you questions too," she asked. Her hand was creeping up my thigh, and her smile was turning devilish, and I getting even more turned on.

"How old are you?"

"I'm thirty-two."

"Hmmm, an older man. I've never been with an older man." She appeared to ponder this for a moment, and then her smile seemed to widen.

"Well, I've never been called an older man," I retorted, feeling just a little put off. 

"I didn't mean it like that. I meant that you're just the oldest guy that I've ever been with."

"But you've never been with me." 

"That could change, if you play your cards right," she said slyly, and finally, her hand reached the tip of my erect cock. "Oh, wow! You're a big boy, Ryan."

"I'm ok, I guess." I always said that whenever a woman commented on the size of my penis. At seven and a half inches, I was a little more than alright, and I knew it. 

"You're more than ok! Trust me," she assured. She started to stroke me through my shorts and I could feel precum starting to leak from the head of my cock. If she kept that up, either me, or her, was going to have a mess to deal with. 

The ride to her trailer ended about three minutes later. The big-box store was close, unfortunately, so I didn't get an opportunity to enjoy more of her attention. 

"So, would you like to come in, or do you have something else that you need to do?" I got the feeling that she really wanted me to say "yes," and I started to wonder if I'd bought a nympho a new computer, instead of just a regular nineteen-year-old girl. 

"As much as I'd like to, I've got to go to work. I would like to continue this, though. So, do you think that maybe I could have your number?"

She pouted. "That sucks. Can't you just call in sick or something? I promise that I'll nurse you back to health," and with that said, she gave my heavy cock a squeeze.

"I wish that I could because you have no idea how much you are turning me on right now, and it's been so fucking long since I've been with a woman!"

"I think I've got an idea as to how turned on you are," she said as she squeezed my erection again. "I guess I can wait though," and to my disappointment, she took her hand from my cock and went for her phone. "What's your number?"

I gave it to her, and she texted me, "Hi," so I would have her number. "Thanks," I said.

"Thank you," she replied, "for the computer, and for the ride. Maybe I can ride something else later." At that, she got out of the car, which gave me no time at all for her to see my reaction and made her way into her trailer. 

'Holy shit,' I thought. 'I can't believe that just happened. And to me!'

II

Work went by slower than I ever thought possible, and all I seemed to do the whole time I was there was check my phone to see if Candi had messaged me. No luck, though. I figured that maybe she was just being nice to me since I bought her the computer and gave her the ride. 'Oh, well,' I thought. 'Guess it was just too good to be true.'

I got home that night at around eight, and I still hadn't gotten a text from Candi. I was reaching the point where I was considering sending her a text message. I went to the fridge and popped open a beer, and it was then that I heard my phone go off. Like a schoolboy in heat, I ran to my phone, hoping desperately that it was Candi, hoping that she was, in fact, not just being nice earlier in the day, and that she actually wanted to return the favor. 

I unlocked my phone and went to my text messages. 'Holy shit, it's her,' I yelled in my head. 'It's actually fucking her!' 

The text was a simple, "Hey," and I responded in kind. 

Candi: "Whatcha doin?" 

Me: "Not much. Just popped open a beer. You?"

Candi: "Oooh, that sounds like fun. Would you like some company?"

I paused for a second before texting her back. Did I really want this to happen? I barely knew this girl. And that's what she was. A girl. She was only nineteen. Then I said to myself, 'She's only 19, and she's coming on to you. Maybe a little bit of hot, young pussy is just what you need. Maybe if you got your brains fucked out by some horny chick you'll feel better about your life.'

"Umm, sure," I replied. I just need to hop in the shower, so can you give me twenty minutes?

Candi: "Sure. I need to shower 2. C u in 30." There was a winking emoji after that and I thought, 'Holy shit, this could actually happen to me.'

My shower was uneventful, as most showers are. I did a little "man-scaping," just in case we did end up doing something. I started to wonder if she was doing the same. Then I started to wonder if she was doing the same. 'Or what if she rocks the full bush look?' Either way it didn't matter to me. Pussy was pussy, and I was hoping that I was going to get lucky enough to enjoy hers tonight. My cock was beginning to harden while thinking about what her cunt looked like, but my train of thought was broken when I heard my phone go off. 'Was she cancelling on me? I knew it. Too good to be true.'

I finished my shower and dried off enough to check my phone. Candi had texted me, "You think that you can come over to my place instead? I've got beer here too?"

"Sure," I texted her back. "I'm just now getting out of the shower."

My phone dinged again. "Good. Can't wait 2 see u." Another winking emoji.

Ten minutes later, I was at Candi's trailer, knocking on the door. I knocked only twice, and Candi appeared in the doorway wearing a pair of skin-tight, cotton booty shorts and a spaghetti strap top that made it very clear that she was not wearing a bra. 

"Come on in," she said. 

I watched her massive tits jiggle with each slight movement she made, and my cock was already fully erect.

"I guess you really like what you see," she said. She took hold of my cock through my shorts and pulled me into her trailer. She kept pulling me until I was at her couch. She pushed me down and then got on top of me. She rested her body on mine and then our lips met. 'She's definitely not wasting any time,' I thought. For a split second, she pulled her lips from mine so she could take her top off. She tried to move back to my lips again but I held her back so I could stare at her tits for just a few seconds. 'Goddamn, they were huge,' I thought. Her glorious orbs were capped with smallish areolas, but her nipples were long and thick, and pierced, which was an awesome surprise. I felt my cock throb at the sight. 

"I love pierced nipples," I said as I took one into my mouth. Immediately she began to moan and writhe in my lap as I took my time licking and sucking each of her crinkled nipples. She started to grind even harder against my cock which seemed to be getting harder by the minute. 

She pulled her tit from my mouth and she smashed her lips against mine. Our tongues mingled together with a type of lust that I've never experienced before, and while kissing her I learned that her tongue had a barbell running through it, too. 'This was so fucking awesome!' She pulled away again and rasped, "Fuck me." 

I needed no other encouragement. We got off of the couch and went down the short hall towards her room. As we made her way to her bedroom, I noticed another room that someone obviously lived in. 'A roommate,' I wondered, but I didn't think about it for long because seconds later we were in her bedroom. 

"Take your clothes off," she said, and I complied in record time. When my cock was finally free she groaned, "Holy fuck you have a gorgeous cock!"

I didn't reply. I just watched from her bed as she started to strip off her shorts. She was not slow about it. There was no striptease. She just ripped them down. She wasn't wearing any panties, and when her plump, bald cunt came into view, it was already glistening with her juices. Ten seconds later, she was on top of me, and my cock was buried balls deep inside of her. 

"You're so fucking tight," I moaned into her ear as she rode me hard and fast. "And wet!"

"And your cock is so big. I'm already close!"

She rode me for another minute and then I felt her body start to shudder. I felt her cunt muscles spasm around my cock, and I felt my own orgasm start to approach. It was the combination of her tight pussy, and the massive load of cum I had boiling in my balls, that I knew was going to quickly drive me over the edge. "Fuck, I'm going to cum," I yelled. "I can't last much longer! Your pussy feels so fucking good!" I lifted her ass up and started to pound her even harder. 

"Oh, fuck," she screamed. I'm going to cum again!"

"I'm almost there," I warned her. 

"Cum inside me! I'm on the pill. Please cum in my pussy! I wanna feel your cock throb inside of me."

That was all it took. My load boiled over, making its way from my tightened nutsack, to my throbbing shaft, and then finally into Candi's tight, nineteen-year-old cunt. 

We came together and then she dropped down on top of me. She went limp. Her huge tits smashed against my chest and I could feel the steel barbells that went through her nipples. I thought to myself, 'I'm going to have to pay more attention to those next time.'

II

Candi rolled off of me and laid flat on her back. "Holy fuck that was good," she exclaimed.

"Yes it was," I replied, still trying to catch my breath. I rolled over on my side and looked at her. Her tits had flattened out but only just a little. I watched in a post-orgasm stupor as her fingers made their way to her freshly creampied cunt. With her index, middle and ring finger, she collected our combined juices and brought them to her mouth. She sucked on them greedily and to my surprise, she went back for more. 

"We really taste good," she moaned as she continued to suck on her fingers. "Next time I want to get your cum from the source though," and she grabbed my cock, which was already semi-hard again, and gave it a squeeze. 

Enjoying her touch, I told her, "Anytime you want babe. Anytime you want." 

She took anytime to mean "now," and before I knew it, she was between my legs, and my hardening cock was in her mouth, and pushing against her throat. "Oh Candi," I moaned. "You're mouth... Feels almost as good as your cunt." 

She took my cock out of her mouth and a trail of spit and precum followed. She stroked my cock, which was rock-hard once more, and slimy with her spit, and our juices. She said, "I'm glad you like it," and then she went back to sucking. She rotated her motions, bobbing her head slowly while she stroked my shaft. Then she would move her hand away and try to take all of me into her mouth. I was shocked to see her actually succeed. All of my cock had disappeared into her mouth and down her throat. Her nose was pressed firmly against the trimmed pubic hair above my cock. 

Candi held my cock in her mouth for the better part of ten seconds, massaging my cock with swallowing motions. She pulled back, and this time there was even more spit and precum. She slurped it up hungrily, smiled at me, and said, "Am I being a good little whore?"

"You're being the best fucking whore! It feels so fucking good," I moaned through gritted teeth. 

"Mmmm, I like being your whore. Your sexy little cumslut!" She put my cock back in her mouth, taking it all the way down. My hands made their way down to her tits. I squeezed and kneaded them. Then I started to pinch her taut nipples. She moaned on my cock while I played with her massive tits. I saw the hand that she was using to stroke my cock make its way between her legs. Suddenly, a deep, guttural moan escaped her mouth that was presently filled with one of the hardest erection I've ever had, and I figured that she must be rubbing her clit. 

I knew that the fun was going to end soon, though, because once again I felt the familiar feeling of an impending orgasm. 'She's just too fucking good at this,' I thought, and then I said aloud, "Candi, I'm getting close again. Can I fill your whore mouth with my cum?!"

She didn't even bother to take my cock out of her mouth to say "yes." Instead, she doubled down on her efforts by trying to drive more of my cock down her throat. With her free hand she grabbed my ass and pushed it upward to try and get more of my cock down her throat while continued to massage my cock by swallowing on it. My hands, still on her tits, were pinching her nipples hard now, and I knew that if my cock hadn't been in her mouth, she probably would have been screaming. 

"Of fuuuuckkk Candi! Here it comes! Here comes my load of cum for your hot fucking whore mouth," I grunted, and yet another massive load escaped my balls. This time, it was her mouth I was filling. I felt at least three thick threads of my nut pump into her mouth. She moaned and sucked greedily as I continued to feed her my cum. She was also in the throes of yet another orgasm. "Does my hot cum in your mouth make you cum, slut," I asked. All she did was moan. 

After she'd coaxed every drop of cum from my balls she pulled her mouth from my cock and opened it. A large pool of white, sticky cum was sitting at the edge of her tongue. 

"Are you going to swallow it like a good whore," I asked. 

"Mmhmm," she said, struggling to keep my cum in her mouth. 

"Swallow my load then. Be my cum-whore."

I watched her gulp down my load and then she opened her mouth once more. My cum was gone. 

"That was so fucking yummy," she said. She crawled back next to me and our lips met. I could taste the saltiness of my cum and I have to admit that it turned me on a little, especially knowing that she enjoyed it so much. 

We lay in bed for about fifteen minutes, coming down of the intense high that multiple orgasms often brought. Finally, I broke the silence and asked, "So, how about that beer?"