 I arrive home, dressed in a fitted black skirt with matching jacket. I'm wearing a blue silk blouse, black thigh high stockings, and my shoes are black heels with a single strap coming around my ankle. My hair is pulled into a sleek French twist with soft tendrils at the nape of my neck. All day, I've been thinking about you...anticipating.

I remove my jacket, set my bag by the door and start a search for you. Then I hear the faint sound of soft, sensual music playing somewhere in the house. Slowly, I track the sound, hoping to find you waiting for me. I am not disappointed. In the master bathroom, the scene set before me overwhelms me.

There are candles everywhere—soft light flickers off every mirror and tile. A bubble bath froths in the deep tub that sits in one corner. And then there you are, covered in the bubbles...a smile on your lips, as you look at me with that expression that drives me crazy with desire.

Coyly, I gaze at you through a single strand of hair that has fallen into my face, my head slightly tilted to one side, as I slowly unbutton my silk blouse. My eyes never leave yours. I bare my shoulders, the fluid fabric gently caresses my skin as it floats to the floor, revealing my black lace bra--my hard nipples shove eagerly against the thin lace. I reach behind myself to unzip my skirt. Teasingly, I skim my hands around my sides...palms down, fingers spread...up to my breasts. I draw in a small, sharp breath as my fingers brush against my erect nipples. My hands glide down across my ribs to the waist of my skirt and I push it slowly down over the curve of my hips. As the skirt falls to the floor, I step out of it and take a step toward you.

Dressed in my black lace bra, matching black lace thong, and thigh high stockings with high heels, my gaze locks on you as I notice you looking at me. I love the way your passion-filled eyes look in the candlelight. I love that I'm the one that does that to you.

As I move across the tile floor, I reach up and unfasten the clasp of my bra. As it falls open, I pull it slowly from my shoulders. I sit on the tiled edge of the bath tub...so close to you now that you can hear my shallow, panting breaths. My tongue moistens my lips. And then I lean down to kiss you gently. I draw your lower lip into my mouth, delicately sucking on it. In a barely audible whisper, I tell you:

"Thank you for waiting up for me."

Still sitting on the side of the bathtub, I lean down to unfasten the straps of my high heels. I can feel your eyes caressing me. As I kick off my shoes, I feel your palm on my bare back, rubbing from bottom to top and back down. I lean into your hand slightly as I place my thumbs in the top of one of my stockings and glide it slowly down my leg, my hands caressing my leg from thigh to ankle. The stocking falls to the tiled floor as my hands move to my other leg. I watch you as I stroke my hands suggestively up my leg to the lacey top of my stocking and slowly remove it. Though I love the feel of my own hands...I know the feel of your hands will be even better.

I stand once again, next to the beautiful bath you have drawn for us, dressed only in a black lace thong. My left hand gently caresses the nape of my neck, across my shoulder, down to my breast. My right hand rests near the small triangle of fabric that is my only covering. I slide both of my hands to my hips, fingers finding their way under the narrow bit of fabric. I can't take my eyes off you as I push my panties from my moistness, down my legs. My body bends seductively at the waist, my breasts swaying slightly, soft tendrils of hair falling forward. As I stand, completely exposed to you, and see the desire in your eyes, I feel confident and beautiful.

You reach out your hand to me as I slowly step into the water. I relax into the warmth as the water gently caresses my skin and sit with my back to you. I feel you move behind me, feel your warm, soft lips at the nape of my neck. A low moan escapes my lips as you release my hair. It cascades over you…soft and silky.

You begin to wash me, caressing the soapy lather into my shoulders and back. I lean against you as your hands move to my breasts: my nipples stand erect, my chest heaves. Your soapy hands explore my body with loving thoroughness. The soft bath sponge you use caresses my every curve. You squeeze the sponge over my shoulders and warm water spills over my hot body. I lay my head back against your shoulder, breathing heavily. I can feel your hardness behind me.

I reach between us and stroke you, massaging your cock gently. I turn my body to face you as I feel you rise up out of the water behind me. You sit on the tiled edge of the tub and I finally get a chance to see the cock I've been dreaming of all day…so hard just for me.

My hands travel slowly from your ankles, up your calves, to your thighs. My hands pause on the tops of your thighs, massaging, moving slowly up and down. Then, unable to control myself any longer, I take your cock in my hand and lean down, my tongue reaching out for you. I lick just the tip of your cock…tasting the drop of pre-cum. I hear you moan as I take the head of your cock into my warm, wet mouth. Sucking gently, I swirl my tongue around the head of your cock, my hand stroking your shaft as I begin to suck more hungrily, taking more of your cock into my mouth. I can feel you growing even more inside my mouth as I press my tongue against the underside of your cock Inch by inch, you sink deeper into my wanting mouth. I reach my other hand and stroke your balls as I suck you harder, deeper. I feel your cock touch the back of my throat.

Then your cock leaves my mouth as you sink back into the warm water. I rise up a bit so I can straddle you as you slide underneath me. My smoldering pussy rests against your cock as I roll my hips against you, grinding slowly as we kiss.

Our kiss is gentle, but passionate, full of the love we have for each other. I moan as your cock slowly enters me, fills me. You roll my nipples between your finger and thumb. I arch back, with your cock completely buried inside me. My sensitive, swollen clit savors the friction of our union. Your cock--as hard as steel--pistons in and out of my pussy as your hands use my hips to pull me to you. My head fills with thoughts of you, only you. The velvety walls of my pussy engulf your hardness. I sink down onto your cock and stay there, rolling my hips back and forth against you.

My pleasure builds as I look into your eyes. You lean down to take my erect nipple in your mouth, flicking it with your tongue. My pussy clenches around your cock. My back arches. I call out your name…. Ecstasy washes over me as my orgasm explodes, my hands rake your back. I feel your hips push your cock farther into me. You moan with me as your cock shoots thick ropes of hot cum deep inside me, filling me with your seed. We rock our bodies together, against each other: thrusting against each other, lost in this passion-filled moment, lost in our love for each other. You kiss my neck gently as you whisper in my ear, "I love you."

I lean back and look deep into your eyes. "I love you, too."

You lift me from the water as you stand and help me out of the tub. I welcome the warm kiss of a towel as you dry first me and then yourself. Again, you offer your hand to me and lead me from this exquisite setting to our bedroom. Candles gleam here…just enough to cast a soft glow in the room. The bed is already turned down. I am the luckiest woman in the world.