 Jamie had been driving across the vast tarmac of the Outback for hours. His job as a long haul trucker meant he was alone a lot of the time and he didn't mind. There was no one special waiting for him at home like some of the older drivers and he enjoyed the opportunity to meet new people in the small desert towns he stopped at. 

At 25 he was often horny and the transient work meant he hadn't been able to manage a long term relationship. When he felt the need he'd stop for a day in a random town and take up with the most attractive single woman he could find at the local pub or club. Meaningless one-night stands had its benefits but he found it was often a lot of hard work for a one-off fuck.

He yawned and realised with a start that he was really tired now, his eyes hurt and he needed a break to stretch his legs and have a quick nap. He pulled over into a rest stop and drove in behind an outbuilding. He parked the cab of the truck under a huge tree to take advantage of the shade. Jumping down onto the hot dusty sand he squinted into the bright sunlight, feeling the heat of the day on his aching body. He walked to the bathroom and stepped into the cool dark building. He splashed cold water onto his face and neck. 

Back outside he noticed a young woman sitting at one of the picnic tables with a large backpack on the ground at her feet. She had long blonde wavy hair that was loose down her back. She wore old dusty boots and her brown legs were trim and firm. She was wearing a small tight blue mini dress with little straps over the shoulders. He couldn't see a bra strap so assumed she didn't have one on. His cock stirred in his pants at the thought of her pert naked breasts under the cotton top, her nipples rubbing against the fabric. She was slightly built and slim. He shivered in the hot sun and then she turned in his direction.

"Sorry. I didn't mean to scare you," he said hastily taking a couple of steps back. 

She smiled. "You didn't scare me. I saw you pull up." 

She swung her legs carefully over the bench seat and he glimpsed a flash of white panties. Again his cock stirred and he held his breath as she came across to him. She walked like she was strolling through knee-deep water, slowly rolling her hips from side to side. 

"Hi I'm Candy." 

She was small, only coming up to his shoulder. 

"Hey, I'm Jamie." 

He flicked his eyes down to her breasts and he could see her puckered nipples jutting against the fabric. He swallowed nervously, imagining how the tight little buds would feel in his mouth. Candy smiled broadly at him.

"I've been waiting for someone who doesn't look like an axe wielding rapist to come along so I can get a lift. I'm kinda hoping you're it?" 

Jamie chuckled, "I reckon I might be just the one you've been expecting. Where're ya heading?" 

"Anywhere. I have no plans. I'm just travelling around. Would you mind me riding with you?" 

Candy looked at him expectantly. Oh yeah he would love to take her with him! The image of her hot tasty body would serve him well in the lonely nights when he only had his hand for company.

"That'd be fine but I can't leave yet. I'm gonna have a quick nap and then get going." 

"That's ok. I'm in no hurry, I can wait for you," she said warmly.

"OK, I'll give you a holler when I'm ready to leave." 

Jamie turned away. 

"Would you mind if I joined you in the truck? It's so hot out here and I've been waiting a long time. I'll be very quiet I promise," she pleaded. 

Jamie didn't reckon he stood a chance of sleeping knowing she was in the front of the truck just inches from him. He took a deep breath and smiled reassuringly at her.

"Of course, that'll be fine. Just don't mind my snoring." 

Candy laughed and went to get her backpack. As she walked away, he again appreciated her shapely brown legs disappearing under her dress. She bent to retrieve her bag and the hot breeze caught her hem and flipped it casually in the air, exposing her upper thighs and ass. She was wearing a g-string and he caught a quick glimpse of the soft tan of her butt cheeks and a thin length of white cotton panty stretching up above her crack. 

Candy shouldered her bag and they walked silently to the truck. Jamie was glad she wasn't chattering to him, he needed the silence to control his cock and stop it from bursting inside his pants. His breathing was shallow and his palms were sweaty, sleep was the last thing on his mind.

Candy went around to the passenger side with Jamie and he opened the door for her, throwing her pack on the cab floor. She reached up to grab the handle, pulling herself onto the first step, bending over towards the cab entrance. Her ass was right in Jamie's face and he caught the scent of sweet, hot pussy. 

He slammed the door and made his way to the driver's side, conscious that his now uncontrollable cock was pushing insistently at the constraints of his shorts. Candy was seated comfortably in the front her back against the door and her legs stretched out in his direction. She'd taken off her boots and left her white ankle socks on. In the semi-darkened cab the white of the socks was in stark contrast to her deep tan. Her dress had ridden up a little and he could see her soft inner thighs part a little as he sat down. He blushed and looked out the window to compose himself.

"Are you ok?" Candy asked softly. 

Jamie looked up, "Yep, all good. I'll have that kip now and then we'll get going." 

He pushed his boots off and climbed over the backrest to the small cabin that housed his bed and belongings. Pulling the curtains behind him and laying down on his back, he stretched his legs out as far as they would go and put his hands behind his head. His cock was still straining inside his pants but there was nothing he could do about it now. Eventually sleep stole over him like a thief, his eyes closed of their own accord and it wasn't long before he was snoring softly in the gloom. 

Jamie stirred, he was dreaming there was someone lying in bed with him. He could feel a hand move slowly across his belly and down to his shorts. Fingers stroked the material covering his cock, squeezing and massaging him as he hardened in response. What a great dream. 

"Jamie, wake up," said a soft sweet voice. 

Jamie frowned.

"Jamie?" the voice insisted. 

Jamie opened his eyes to find Candy lying next to him, completely naked and beautiful, her thighs slightly open, her hand snaking it's way into his shorts. 

"Jamie, I waited as long as I could for you to wake up." 

Candy smiled at him and leaned in for him to kiss her. 

Jamie pulled back and stammered, "What's going on?" 

Candy frowned, pulling her hand from his pants. 

"You don't want to fuck me?" she murmured softly. "I thought you'd wanna fuck for sure!" 

"Ah...yes...no...um...yes." 

Candy laughed out loud and grabbed his face in her hands. This time he didn't retreat but let her pull him over her and he was rewarded by the sweet probe of her tongue on his mouth. He let her in and pushed his own tongue into her mouth, unconsciously biting her lip making her whimper. The sweet musky smell of young hot pussy assailed him as they kissed and he shuddered in anticipation.

She pulled away. 

"I feel little underdressed, or are you overdressed?" 

Hastily he pulled off his shirt and shorts and pushed them to the end of the bed. Candy ran her small hands over his chest and brought her face to his nipple, sucking it into her mouth and gently nibbling it until he moaned.

She pushed him onto his back and wriggled her way down between his legs. Not shifting her gaze from his, she opened her mouth and lowered it over the head of his now swollen cock. The hot juiciness of her mouth was amazing and as she licked and slurped her way up and down his cock Jamie lay back, closing his eyes, thinking of nothing but the pleasure his cock was receiving. 

"Your cock tastes great." 

Jamie groaned as she thrust her mouth over him again, this time plunging her lips to the very base of him until he was banging her on the back of her throat. Up and down like a piston, sucking him like a tight hungry pussy, her hair falling over him, brushing lightly across his belly and thighs. Her hands were massaging his balls and every now and then she would slide a finger between his cheeks to stroke his ass hole making his cock jump to attention in her mouth. 

Candy slid her lips to the base of his cock and pressed tightly, her tongue circling the head of his cock, her teeth gently grazing the sensitive rim. It was too much for him and no matter how hard he tried he couldn't stop the inevitable. Holding tightly to the window sill behind him he tensed and cried out as he came inside her wet hot mouth. He grunted as she lapped at his wilting, sticky dick.

Kissing him lightly up and down his spent cock, she feathered tiny kisses over his thighs and belly and made her way slowly up his body till she was able to kiss him full on the mouth. He tasted the saltiness of his cum and the sweetness of her mouth. Tangling his fingers into her hair he ground his lips hard on to hers.

"Fuck that was good," said Jamie breathlessly. 

Candy licked her lips seductively.

"I wanted to do that the moment I saw you. I wasn't sure you'd be up for it until I saw your hard on when you got in the truck." 

She chuckled softly under her breath and Jamie pushed himself onto his elbow to look down at her. A sheen of perspiration lay over her breasts and her hair was in a tangle around her. He kissed her, probing his tongue into her roughly. With his free hand he cupped her breast and rolled her hard little nipples with his finger and thumb. She moaned and wriggled under his hand and mouth. He pulled away from her seductive tongue and placed his lips over her nipple sucking on it and scraping his teeth over it, biting it a little until she cried out and clutched his head in her hands. Her eyes were darkened with desire and he felt his cock stir again. 

"Fuck me," she said softly reaching down between her legs. 

Jamie grabbed her wrist and pushed it over her head holding it there so she couldn't touch herself. She cried out in frustration.

"I'll fuck you soon but now I want to put my tongue in you." 

Candy watched as he crawled in the tight confines of the cabin. He pushed her legs apart, as far as they would go, bending her knees and inching his way to her pussy. The trimmed hair that lay between her legs was wet and her pussy lips were glistening. He buried his face between her legs and inhaled the musky smell of her. Using his fingers he prised her apart to seek out her clit. She lifted her hips for him and he probed his tongue around her hardened nub and thrust a finger into her pussy. Candy was moaning, grabbing her tits, tugging on her nipples til they were red, thrashing her head from side to side. 

Jamie kept up a steady rhythm on her clit rasping his tongue over it and pushing the hood back gently with his teeth and lips. Judging by her moans she was near to climaxing so he increased the pace of the finger fucking he was giving her, making sure that his palm slammed into her pussy pressing into her hot spots. Candy tensed and he felt her pussy tighten on him. She cried out as her hips flexed and more of her wetness oozed from her pussy. He lapped it up while she shuddered and shivered beneath him. 

Jamie edged up the bed his hips between her legs. Grabbling his cock he teased her by pushing the engorged head between her fleshy lips and then pulling it away and pushing it between her tight ass cheeks.

Candy grabbed at his hips with her hands and lifted hers up to meet his groin and reached between them. He gasped as her small hand squeezed his cock firmly, pulling it towards her hole. He pushed the head into her tight pussy, slowly stretching her, waiting for her to get used to his girth She was gasping and breathing deeply, her eyes closed. 

"Candy?" he asked quietly. 

She opened her eyes and smiled.

"Don't worry about me, just fuck me hard. I really like it hard." 

Jamie groaned as she spoke, fire coursing through his body to his balls. He gripped her ass tightly to steady her and thrust his throbbing member firmly into her. She was really tight and wet and she cried out in delight, digging her nails into his shoulders. She lifted her legs up high and placed them against his shoulders using him to balance her. Now his cock was free to plunge in and out of her tight little hole and he wasted no time. He wanted to fill her completely.

Candy held herself fast to his thick cock, he could feel her pussy lips wrapping tightly around him. She was using her free hands to knead her breasts roughly. 

"Pull your nipples for me," Jamie panted. 

Candy obeyed and gripped them firmly with her thumb and forefinger, pulling them up tautly and rubbing them hard. She was thrashing her head from side to side, sending a tumble of blonde curls across the bed, making noises of pleasure to encourage him. He was fucking her so hard his balls were slapping her arse loudly and he could feel the tension building deep with them. 

"Rub your clit." 

Candy obeyed again and without hesitation wet her finger and thrust it down between her legs, roughly pushing it back and forth on herself. The sight of her rubbing her clit and his hard pulsing cock sliding in and out of her was too much. 

"I'm coming," he groaned. 

"Yes, yes, yes," called out Candy rubbing herself harder. 

Jamie tensed as his cock let forth a hot stream of cum deep into her wet tunnel. With each spurt he grunted and thrust himself harder into her. Just as he was finishing Candy threw her head back cried out.

"Oh God, oh god, oh god, yes." 

Her pussy squeezed against his softening cock making him cry out with the sweet agony. Jamie pulled himself from her and lay down on his back gasping for air. The smell of them both in the cabin was intoxicating. Candy sighed deeply and snuggled into his arms. Her head rested on his chest and he stroked his hand down the length of her back, dipping the tip of his finger between the crack of her cheeks. She wriggled in delight.

"We should get going. We have a few hundred k's to go before nightfall." 

Candy sighed and sat up, "That was good." 

"You bet," he replied. 

"Would you mind very much if we did it again tonight?" she purred, dipping her finger into her soaking cleft and licking it with her long tongue. 

Jamie gulped and struggled to stop his heart from pounding out of his chest. 

"Only cos you want to." 

Candy laughed delightedly and scrambled over him to go through to the front seat, her pussy flashing temptingly in his face. He took the opportunity and stopped her. He stuck his tongue deep into her hole, turning it around and thrusting it in and out of her, pulling out to lap at her puckered sweet asshole. She sighed in pleasure, rocking her hips back against his mouth.

"Come on then big boy, the sooner we get this truck on the road the sooner you can fuck my pussy again."