 Every year, my friends and I gather for a very unique winter fest. It is an evening of play, during which we are all able to explore our deepest fantasies with abandon. You may choose from switching partners, threesomes, homosexual encounters, using various objects/foods to enhance pleasure (candy canes of various sizes and flavors are a must at these parties), and my favorite of all, role playing. Invitations are sent out and there is an allowance for extra guests, so long as they are comfortable with the events of the evening and they adhere to the rules. Those in attendance must wear a costume that screams "I am Christmas, I am love." Well, maybe I wouldn't go that far, but in past years there have been an array of women decorated as Christmas trees, ornaments especially attached close to erogenous zones, and men dressed as Santa Claus, looking for a good "Ho, ho, ho." This year, though, it was my turn to organize the bash. I decided it would be fun to spice things up a bit and ask the guests to dress as characters from their favorite Christmas movies, whether it be Shirley Temple in "A Little Princess" or that dastardly Grinch.

I often enter the holiday season with some bitterness due to my status of being single. I date, but no one has yet seduced me under the proverbial mistletoe. While I am a full-fledged woman, it didn't take me long to realize I'd be happiest dressed as Ebenezer Scrooge; if I was mean to people, they would just think I was living up to my chosen persona for the evening. Of course I didn't plan on making myself totally unappealing, but I did plan on wearing pants with holes in them, a large sweater, and even a nightcap. To compensate for this, I would spruce myself up by making sure to wear a pale pink bra that would boost up my 36D breasts. My underwear would consist of a pair of bikini-cut pants with scratch and sniff candy canes. Oh what fun this would be.

The day of the party I adorned my tree with ornaments I had decorated myself depicting various pleasurable positions, yet another new twist to add excitement to the evening. My friends would be asked to choose an ornament, re-enact what was pictured, and then place it back on the tree for someone else to take. I had placed cushions and blankets all over the floor. Red and green gauze was hung from the ceiling to delineate individual areas, though I had no doubt in my mind that by the end of the evening the fabric would be entangled among the mass of spent bodies. I prepared luscious eggnog, sure to help people loosen their inhibitions. I had fashioned chocolate lollipops to look like Santas with erections and Mrs. Clauses with panties peeking through. A rum-soaked trifle was molded to look like a set of ample breasts. After everything was set up, I went upstairs to dress for the party.

At 9:00, my first guests arrived. Soon after, there was a deluge of people. I was right in thinking there would be many dressed as the Grinch, but there were also snowmen, and snowwomen, reindeer, characters from classics such as "A Miracle on 34th Street" and "A Christmas Story," even characters from newer "classics" like "Home Alone." The last guest to arrive was someone dressed as Tiny Tim. I chuckled at his awkward attempt at a hobble. I also hoped I'd have the pleasure of meeting him later on, for a strong sense of manliness was emanating from this character. After many compliments about the room's décor and the tasty treats I had provided, it was time to get down to business, or shall I say, play. I explained the rules. If toys had been brought, they could not be shared among couples, but only used by the owner. All of us enjoyed a good deal of fun, but we were also as careful as possible. While everyone was allowed to play with everyone else, so long as it was consensual, the activities would be governed mainly by the ornaments I had designed. My guests thought this was an innovative idea, and they were excited to experience positions they had never tried before.

Throughout the night, I took in as much as I could. All of my senses were aroused, especially those of smell and touch. Everyone wanted to be touched in every way and everywhere. I kept my eyes on Tiny Tim for much of the night. I was impressed by his agility, not to mention the size of his cock. It was 8.5 inches, by my estimation, and thick. I watched how he pleased other women and decided I was going to save him for last.

As the night wore on many of my friends cuddled up and went to sleep with both loved ones and new acquaintances. I saw Tiny Tim stand up and walk towards me. 

He whispered, "Hello," for at this point the majority of the guests were in a sex-inebriated slumber. I responded by grabbing his hand and walking upstairs, with plans of taking him to my bedroom. He began to question and I simply said, "Shh. I don't want them to wake up." He obliged and we entered my bedroom. I had purposely placed a sprig of mistletoe above my doorway, hoping that we would be alone and have an intimate moment. He noticed it first and said, "Well, Ms. Scrooge, I've wanted to do this all night." He stood at 6'2" and I stood at 5'6", so he had to bend slightly to kiss me. All I could see were his blue eyes glistening. His lips were warm and inviting and they enveloped me like a well-wrapped present on Christmas morning, which given the season was a perfect comparison. We walked towards my bed and sat down. My costume's nightcap had been removed hours earlier. All that remained at the moment were my bra and underwear, as well as my pants. Tiny Tim had left his cane downstairs along with his hobble. His tattered pants and t-shirt covered his hard body. He asked me my name. 

"Kayla," I replied. "What's yours?" 

He laughed. "Funny you should ask. It actually is Tim, so I thought this costume would work well for me." 

I giggled in response. "Maybe the Tim part works, but from the looks of it tonight, you aren't so tiny." 

He blushed and bent to kiss me again. He said again, "I've wanted to do that all night." 

So I asked, "Why didn't you?" 

Tim took a few moments to reply. "Well, I came as a guest of one of your friends. I had seen a picture of you at Emily's. I thought you were gorgeous with your blonde hair, green eyes, curvy body. When the invitation came for tonight's party, Emily told me a little bit about what goes on and then she told me you were hosting it this year. She knew I had a bit of an interest in you and asked if I'd like to come. The thought of being in the same room as you made my heart beat faster and I said, 'yes.' Once I got here, though, I knew that I didn't want you to be just a fast fuck. I wanted it to mean something." "Tim," I said, "That's so sweet. Emily never mentioned you, but I am glad you came. I've been looking at you all night, taking in the handsome sight that you are. I'd hoped to have some alone time with you and was upset when it didn't happen downstairs. I'm glad everyone else is asleep, though. Maybe you and I can have some private time."

Tim said he'd like nothing better. He kissed me again, this time for much longer, and while he did this I removed his shirt. He was truly gorgeous to look at. I ran my hands over his chest and his stomach and then over his arms. I couldn't get enough of touching him. His skin felt like silk to me. He removed my bra, setting my breasts free. Almost as if they had a life of their own, my nipples tingled and reached towards him. He dropped his hands down to cup them. When I told him that I love having my breasts played with, especially my overly sensitive nipples, he told me his were sensitive as well. That was an instant turn on, and I moved my hands to rub my fingers gently over his nipples. We both moaned in mutual gratification. He laid me back on the bed and then shimmied out of his pants. Then it was my turn to remove mine. He laughed momentarily when he saw my candy cane panties. I told him to come closer to them. He thought it was an invitation to take them off, but I said, "No, scratch them first and then see what happens." When he realized there was a minty smell, he smiled.

He asked, "Does everything else smell like that too? Taste like it?" 

Luckily for me, I had a candy cane sitting on my nightstand and said, "Well, I think we can make that happen."

He slid my panties off and gazed at my body as I opened the candy cane and began to lick it. "Want a taste," I slyly asked. He simply nodded and I began to rub the mint candy over my hard nipples. 

He bent down to lick them and smiled. "Yummy," he said after a taste. 

I asked him if he had any ideas of what to do with the candy. He took it from my hand, licked it, and proceeded to make a trail of stickiness from my chest down to the top of my pussy. He traced the line with his tongue and I writhed with pleasure. When he reached the much sought after pot of honey, he decided to be coy and inserted the candy cane inside. I jumped slightly at the odd feeling and then he pulled it out and licked it. He then abandoned the candy cane and worked his way between my legs to enjoy the fruits of his labor. He licked my clit, which still had a slight mint flavor to it. He spread my legs wider, as if he couldn't get enough of me into his mouth. My first orgasm rumbled through my entire body and I shook with pleasure. He couldn't wait to give me another and rose up to enter me slowly. I was right! His cock filled me perfectly, it wasn't too big, nor was it too small. Since he had done all of the work so far, I flipped him over and straddled him, lowering myself onto him. I rode him with the simple intent of making him feel as wonderful as he had made me feel. I bent over so he could suck on my nipples while I milked his cock with my pussy. We came at the same time and then I lifted myself off of him and lay next to him. 

It was the first time that evening that what happened felt like more than just a good fuck. I wanted him to be the one I did this with every night, not just at a Christmas party. Tim read my mind. 

"Kayla, how would you feel about making this more serious, and then at next year's party we can show up together, and go home together. Then you won't have to be cranky Ebenezer Scrooge. I'll secretly call you Ebenezer Splooge." 

I laughed out loud. "That works for me, but just know that you'll forever be not-so-Tiny Tim to me." He grinned and said, "I don't think I'll have to worry about being tiny around you. Ever." 

I asked Tim what people would say in the morning. He jokingly said, "Don't worry. We'll just tell them we spent the night writing a new version of 'A Christmas Carol.'" 

With that, we crawled under the covers and Tim draped his arms across my waist. I drifted into a blissful sleep that can only be brought on by a very special Christmas gift. I think Santa is winking at me right about now.