 You, Candy Cane, walked gracefully next to me.  Your apparent innocence was beguiling.  However, I knew that the passions of a mature women raged in your sweet body.  We had just finished swimming.  Your hair dripped and splashed as the breeze tugged on it.

The water gently rolled in and out at our feet, keeping the sand moist and firm. We made easy progress.  I had been wondering all day why such a sweet thing had decided to spend time with this gristled veteran.  My hairy large body was such a sharp contrast to yours.  

As we neared our things I pulled you close with an arm around your shoulder.   I was pleased that you reached around my body with both arms and squeezed me tightly.  I had been struggling to be a gentleman since you removed the over wrap and exposed your two-piece suit.  The red halter invited attention to your breasts.  The bikini bottom with ties on each side reminded me of gift wrap.  I could hardly concentrate.  The prospect of sampling the rare treats your suit concealed aroused my passions. 

You looked up into my smiling face.  I bent down and kissed you, first the nose and then the lips.  You slid around in front me demanding a real kiss.  I kissed you deeply, my tongue dancing with yours.  I ran my tongue along your teeth.  My hands slid down and caressed your bottom.  You could feel my cock straining against my trunks.  My passions aroused, I swept you up into my arms.  I nibbled your breasts and licked your tummy.  You snuggled against me.  I was getting certain that I would sample your treats.  

With long strides I closed the distance.  I handed you a towel that you applied to my chest and my body.  I applied another towel to yours.  I dried your back.  I dried your legs.  I spent extra time where your legs join to start your perfect body.  Feeding the towel between your legs I applied some gentle friction to your secret parts.  

Gently guiding you to the blanket where we ate lunch, I picked up your comb.  Your long brown hair called for attention.  You sat Indian style. I sat behind you with my legs to either side.   I began counting promising to comb for 100 strokes.  1,2, 3, I started off.  With gentle hands I worked all the knots out.  15, 16, 17 ….I intoned.  My other hand was less involved and roamed to your side then to your breast.  I squeezed it gently.  I felt your nipples harden.  25,26,27… I persevered.  

40, 41, 42… getting near half way.  My left hand wandered down between your legs.  A gentle touch sent shivers through your body.  Your hands were all over my legs returning some of the gentle caresses.  54,55,56 … My breathing was less regular.  You looked and could see the deep passion burning in my eyes.  I kissed your neck and nibbled your ear.

75, 76 77…on and on I brushed.  Your hair was satiny.  There was a soft luster.  I smelled you hair, the sea and your sweet musk.  85, 86, 87, …  I was losing my concentration.  You could feel my cock in the small of your back.  Stretching the fabric of my suit.  95,96,97, …just a few more to go.  98, 99, 100 … and one more with a flourish.  

I tossed the comb at your bag.  Your caresses and purring have convinced me that you want me as I want you.  I reached around and caressed both breasts; right hand on right and left on left.  I kneaded them gently until you whimpered and moaned.  With my teeth, I untied the ties of your halter-top.  I let it fall into your lap.  You tossed it aside inviting me to continue my explorations of your nubile body.  You reached behind and fondled my swollen manhood.  Your touch was gentle and sure.  You were no timid virgin.

I reached down and stroked your pussy with one hand.  Your suit was damp but not from the sea.  I pushed it gently aside and caressed the soft silky hair.  I moved lower and parted your sweet lips.  You shivered and shuttered.  My hands moved to your hips.  I undid the ties.  You pulled the suit away.  You knelt between my legs wiggling your tight buns.  You dropped to all four and told me to do it.  You wanted some real action.

With no reason to control myself further, I dropped my suit.  I never let you out of my sight.  I slid up behind you.  Cock at the ready.  I grasped your hips.  My cock touched your pussy.  I guided the head in.  Slowly I pushed forward.  You were so tight.  Tighter than any ass I have fucked.  You were encouraging me.  Begging me to give it to you.  I gently pushed and thrust till you had consumed me whole.

I was in second heaven.  You were purring and moaning.  You savored the fullness of a man’s cock.  One who would not come till you had been sated.  I started gently stroking.  Long smooth strokes.  Slow at first.  We could hear the waves rolling up the beach and the distinct wet noises of our union.  In and out.  

I was thrusting more with each stroke.  I was amazed that your tight pussy could accommodate me.  I could just feel the mouth of your womb.  Your cervix was right at the tip of my hot dick, the target of my love.  We settled into an easy rhythm.  You rocked back to meet each stroke.  We were getting more primal.  

I pulled your hips to meet each thrust.  My breathing was getting hard and labored.  I could feel the last resistance fade from your pussy.  It was mine.  Your vagina began milking my shaft.  I felt the tight waves of your arousal.  You were getting louder.  

I paused.  You told me you were close.  You begged me not to stop.  I returned to our rhythm but the spell was broken.  I had become a raging stallion, a fierce ride for sweet Candy.  I pulled you back on top of me and laid down.  You straddled my throbbing cock and rode it up and down.  I enjoyed the sweet sight of my cock going in and out of your pussy.  I caressed your ass cheeks on each stroke wondering what other treasures you would share with me.

Up and down you went.  Shouting your passions.  Suddenly you stopped.  Your orgasm seized you.  I bucked my hips and another wave ran over you.  Again I bucked.  You were almost crying in ecstasy.  I took you in my arms and laid you down.  I was ready to take you and to fill your pussy with my seed.  

I parted your legs and mounted you.  My cock was in with one swift thrust.  You sighed as another wave of passion washed over you.  I started working my cock.  You wrapped your legs around my back pulling me in as hard as you could.  I shifted your legs to my shoulders to achieve the greatest penetration.  You felt like I was going to split you but you wanted it all.

I was panting.  You knew I was going to fill you.  You told me to give it to you.  Every drop.  With the roar of a volcano I erupted inside of you.  You could feel the ejaculations….one, two and three.  I was lost in my passion.  My glazed eyes knew only that I wanted release.  I pumped in and out.  I bend down to kiss you.  

I rolled to my back taking you with me.  I fondled your ass and held you tight.  It was only mid afternoon.  Who knows what your sweet body could inspire me to do?