 There is a lull late in the afternoon at Grissom's Gardens, a full service nursery. It is mid-December and the rush is on. Trees, wreaths, poinsettias and all sorts of things are being snatched up for homes and offices. The staff could barely keep up with the brisk business. Chris, the owner, is going over receipts and thought to himself, "We are ahead of last season. If this keeps up, we'll be back in black by the new year." A smile grew on his face, thinking of the new equipment he might be able to buy for the greenhouse.

Holly is running late, having been delayed by shoppers who can't make up their minds. The lines are unbelievably long, she thought. There is still several weeks until Christmas, why all the rush? Holly is in charge of decorating her father's shop and wanted to get the decorations today so she could put them up when the shop closed tomorrow night. She had all the fabric and bows, but needed greenery and is heading to Grissom's. She hoped there'd be something left to buy. 

When Holly pulled into the lot, hers is one of three cars there. She couldn't believe there isn't a crowd but is relieved that she didn't have to push and shove anymore. She'd had enough of that to last the month. She climbed out of her car and walked the short distance to the door. She could smell the pine before she opens the door; it immediately lifts her mood. There's nothing like inhaling pine scent, the smell of Christmas and the great outdoors.

Holly walks through the door and into a wonderland of sights and smells. Grissom's always has beautiful holiday displays; trees decorated in various motifs, wreaths and garlands hanging in homey vignettes, toys scattered throughout. You can't help but be in a good mood wandering through the shop. 

She wanders over to the garland section and picks out several lengths of pine garland with pinecones and holly berries. She put them in her cart and saunters through the shop to the wreaths. She picks out one large wreath that had holly berries and a big red bow. It is a nice, manly theme for her father's shop. Finding all that she needs to get, and happy with her choices, she heads toward the checkout desk. 

On her way, she spies mistletoe and kissing balls. She looks wistfully at the mistletoe. Her boyfriend had broken up with her just last spring and she hadn't found anyone of consequence since. It jostles her memory but she is resolved not to think about the past, and doesn't buy any. The kissing balls, however, would look good in her front hall. There is no space to place decorations in the tiny alcove, but something hanging would be out of the way. She looks them over and picks one that is a combination of boxwood and holly leaves, with a few berries for color, and a sprig of mistletoe in the middle. 

She rolls her cart to the checkout desk and finds that there's no one there. There's a bell on the desk and she rings it twice, then twice again. It echoes a tingling sound. She hears a distant "Coming" from somewhere in the shop. Soon a man appears headed for the desk. He's taller than she is, maybe 5'6", soft brown eyes, light brown hair, and a nice body to go with all of that. Both her heart and her body do a little jump when she sees him. 

"Sorry, I didn't realize anyone was here." He punches a code into the register to unlock it.

"Welcome to Grissom's. Did you find everything you were looking for?"

"Yes, thanks. You always have such wonderful displays. I wish I had more places to decorate."

"Thanks. We love Christmas here and have fun creating the displays."

Chris tallies up the purchases on the register. "That'll be $52.75," he states as he carefully bags each item.

Holly hands him a charge card and he runs it through the machine. "Um, sorry miss, your card has been declined." 

"Oh no, and I don't have enough cash with me. Is there an ATM nearby?"

"No, sorry. The closest is at the shopping center on the other side of town." 

"Do you take checks?"

"Yes, we do. Just make it out to Grissom's Gardens."

Holly rummages through her purse and realizes that her checkbook is on the kitchen table.

"This isn't my day. My checkbook is on my kitchen table; I was paying bills last night. Can you hold my purchases until tomorrow?"

"I'd like to accommodate you, but I don't have a place to safely keep them. They might get sold."

Holly stands there, stunned. She must've charged so much on her shopping today that she's reached her card limit. She usually has cash with her for emergencies, but not that much.

"Well, I just don't know what to do. I wanted to decorate my Dad's shop tomorrow but if I can't purchase this stuff, I'll have to put the plan on hold."

"I'm about to close the shop. If you live nearby, I could follow you home and you could write me a check."

Holly looks at him a bit suspiciously. Can she trust him not to be a pervert or thug?

"That would truly help but can I trust you not to take advantage of me or rob me?"

"Here, I'll give you my license information. If I do anything you don't like, you'll have my info to give to the police."

He hands her his license and writes down his name, address and license number. She almost giggles when she reads his name. Christopher Gringle, so close to Chris Kringle, another name for Santa Claus. It gives her some peace of mind to know who he is exactly. 

"Okay. I feel better now. I'm parked right by the door. I live on Yule Lane, off of Chestnut Ave. Do you know it?"

"Yes I do. My truck is out back. I'll pull around front and follow you. Just give me 10 minutes to close up."

"Sure. I'll take my bags to the car and wait for you there."

Holly takes up her bags and heads out the door. Chris locks it behind her, and watches her go to her car. He likes the way her hips move. She's got a nice face too, not beautiful or pretty, but very pleasant, and her dark brown hair looks so soft; he'd love to run his hands through it. Her deep brown eyes have flecks of gold that sparkle. He's interested but too wary to open his heart again after his last heartbreak. He shakes his head to rid him of the memories he doesn't want. 

Chris turns to lock up the register, taking the remaining money to the safe, shutting off lights as he goes. Once the safe is locked and hidden, he grabs his coat and heads to the back door. He checks the delivery doors and they are all locked up tight. He flicks off the last light and goes out the door, locking it before he turns to his truck. 

He climbs in and puts key to ignition, and nothing. It doesn't even click. He realizes now that he probably left the lights on and the battery is drained. With a sigh and a shrug of his shoulders, he gets out of the truck and walks around to the front of the building.

Holly is sitting in her car, waiting, and daydreaming. The effect that Chris has on her has revved up her hormones and she's thinking of all the things they could be doing. She's not aware that he's standing beside the driver's window until he knocks on it several times. She rolls down the window.

"You aren't going to believe this. My truck won't start. I think the battery is worn down. You don't have jumper cables, do you?"

"I do but they are in my basement. I recently cleaned out my car and haven't put them back yet."

"I guess I'll have to call a service. You don't have to wait. I'll trust that you will pay me soon."

"No, that's okay. I'll wait at least until you find out when the service can be here."

Chris gives them a call and all service vehicles are out on calls. It will be at least 60 minutes or more. He tells Holly the news.

"I'll wait in the shop. It'll be cold but not as cold as out here."

"Why don't you come home with me and wait in comfort? I have your info if you try anything funny and you can have them come pick you up and take you to your truck. You probably haven't had anything to eat either."

"True. I didn't even get lunch, we were so busy. If it's not an inconvenience, and I promise to behave, I'll take you up on the offer."

"Good. Hop in."

Chris goes around to the passenger side and climbs into the car, and puts on the seat belt.

Holly pulls out of the lot and onto the main street. She concentrates on driving safely, aware of his male presence beside her. 

"Thanks for doing this, Miss, uh. You know, I don't even know your name? I didn't even look at your credit card when I ran it."

"I'm Holly," she tells him.

"Holly. That's pretty. Wait... seriously? You're Holly and live on Yule Lane? What's your last name, if you don't mind me asking?"

"Barry."

"Holly Barry?" He laughs lightly. "Holly Barry, very Yule-tidish!"

"You're one to laugh... Chris Gringle!"

They laugh together at the similar holiday themed names they have. 

"Our parents had a sense of humor, that's for sure," Chris says.

After a few minutes, Holly pulls into the driveway of her duplex condo.

"Nice place, Holly. Good neighborhood too."

"Thanks. It took a long time to find it. It's not as quiet as I'd like, or as private, but it'll do for now."

They get out of the car and Chris walks to the back to help her get the greens out of the trunk. He follows her up the steps. After spending time in the car with her so close, his cock does a little jump as he watches her hips as she climbs the stairs. He's never responded so quickly to someone before. He doesn't know her at all but his body seems to have decided for him. 

When Holly opens the door, he has to wait until she's moved into the room before he can enter, so small is the alcove. He follows her into the kitchen and places the packages on the table. Holly turns on a light and he can see how tastefully the kitchen is decorated. She has little snowmen figurines placed here and there and red ribbons tied on cabinet doors. Just enough for the busy little space.

"Take your coat off and I'll start making something to eat. If you want to call the service, the phone is in the living room, right through there," she says pointing to a wide door off the kitchen. 

Chris walks into the room and looks around. A pretty little tree sits in a corner, colored lights and some ornaments adorn its branches. There is no mantle or fireplace, but some strings of red garland drape across the walls. A red candle sits on the coffee table. Very nice, he thinks. Sitting in one corner, he spies a very large candy cane. He walks over and picks it up. It's not candy but made of wood. He notices a ridge around the u-shaped head and he pulls it apart. The candy cane is a whip in disguise. He can't help but smile, as he tries to put it back before she catches him. 

He finds the phone and begins to dial but stops. His mind is working fast. He decides not to call, but feign that they can't get to him until morning so he'll have to stay the night. He's very intrigued with her now and wonders what other kinks she is hiding. 

He walks back into the kitchen and tells her the bad news. She takes it in stride as she places a plate of leftover meatloaf, mashed potatoes, and green beans in front of him. She gets knives and forks out of a drawer and sits down opposite him at the table. She had already taken the greens that were on the table down to the basement.

Chris digs in to dinner. "Ummm, this is really good."

"Thanks. What do you want to drink? I have water, milk, soda, or wine."

"Let's try the wine."

Holly stands to get glasses and the bottle. She hands it to him to open, and he pours just a little more into her glass than his. He holds his glass up for a toast.

"To new friends." She repeats the phrase and they clink glasses together. 

After dinner, they sip wine in the living room. They get to talking and before it gets too late, she wants to hang up the kissing ball.

"I put everything down in the basement, I'll just be a minute."

"Here, let me help you."

She says, too quickly he thinks, "No, I've got it, really."

She walks through the kitchen and down the cellar stairs. He follows her very quietly. He waits until she's out of sight and goes down the stairs. He's greeted by a finished basement, heated, but with some very interesting items. He sees blindfolds, velvet ropes, and several dildos or vibrators. He only had a chance to quickly look but he thinks there is more in the part of the room he can't see. He creeps back up the stairs and is in the living room before she reaches the kitchen door.

She walks in and puts the kissing ball down on the coffee table. She goes back into the kitchen to get a step ladder. She lines it up with the alcove overhead light and hooks the kissing ball around the filial. She climbs back down the step ladder and stands back to look at it. 

She gives a nod, "Just right."

Chris stands with her and agrees.

"But you notice what's in the middle, don't you?" Chris adds.

"Yes, so what."

"So..." Chris spins her around and kisses her, his arms around her, holding her tight. He kisses her hard, forcing open her mouth and plunging his tongue in, giving her no chance to protest. She fought, wriggling, trying to get out of his embrace, but he was kissing her so soundly, she slowly melted into his arms and kissed him back. It was a battle fought for several minutes, and then she finally pushed away from him.

"How dare you..!"

"Oh, you wanted it, you liked it. You can't fool me."

"How could you think that?"

"I found your candy cane."

There, that made her quiet her yelling. She stood stock still, seething but unable to say anything in her defense. Truth was, she did like it, and she did want it. But she's used to being the one in control. Being controlled is what her last boyfriend did to her and she vowed never to be under someone's control again unless it was her choice. But this man, this man who made her feel... so much. It was different with him. 

"Care to explain why you have a whip?" Chris asks, not really expecting an answer. He already knew why; he just wondered what she would tell him.

"I didn't know it was a whip when I bought it, I just liked the size. It fits the room."

"Ha! We both know that is not true."

Holly didn't know what to do. If they happened to start a relationship, she planned to break it to him gently about her kinks, but now she is caught and doesn't know how to get out of this situation.

Chris sees the conflict going on inside her. Being the person he is, he doesn't want to make it easy on her.

"Shall we see how it works?" He turns and walks into the living room and over to where the candy cane is lying against the wall. He reaches down to pick it up.

"No, no, please don't touch it."

He stands back up. "Why?" She has to think fast, come up with a plausible story, one he will believe.

"I... um, I... use it on myself, as punishment."

"I see. Why do you punish yourself?"

"My ex-boyfriend was a control freak and trained me to whip myself when I've been bad. I find I still need it from time to time."

Chris considers her story, decides that's what it is, just a story, but he lets it go. There could be some truth in it. 

"Okay, I'll buy that," he says. Holly relaxes a bit. 

"Some more wine?" she asks, trying to change the subject.

"Yes, I think we need some."

She pours some wine into their glasses and she downs half of hers before she gets hold of herself. To calm herself further, she goes back into the alcove to retrieve the step ladder and put it away. She then starts clearing away the dinner dishes and starts washing them. She's so befuddled she's searching for things to do to keep her away from him.

Chris bides his time in the living room, sipping his wine and watching her fidget. He fills her glass to the level it was before she downed it. She really needs to relax. He wants to help her but she has to be receptive and she isn't right now.

Dishes done, dried and put away, Holly does a turn around the kitchen and sighs. There's nothing else to distract her. She turns off the light and slowly walks into the living room. She doesn't notice that Chris had turned the lights to low, and lit the candle on the coffee table. The room has taken on a very intimate, romantic glow. 

Holly drops onto the couch beside him, and picks up her wine glass. She sips slowly. Chris is watching her face, gauging where she is in her mind, her heart.

He turns to look around the room, and that's when she watches him. She likes his face, his bearing, when he thinks no one is looking at him. She doesn't know why she's fighting the desire that is flowing between them. She sits back and sips. 

Chris slides his free hand over hers and caresses it. She doesn't remove hers. In fact, she interlocks their fingers and rubs his fingers with hers. 

He puts down his wine and turns her face to him. He gazes into her eyes, and then follows her nose to her lips. He leans in and kisses her ever so lightly, then moves away.

Holly likes the kiss he just gave her. He can be gentle. Pleased, she needed to know that there was a gentle side to him before allowing herself to give in to her senses. She puts down her wine and turns her body into him. He puts his arms around her and kisses her again, gently, searching for signs that she's ready to be taken.

Holly gives as good as she gets and Chris takes this to mean she's willing. He scoops her up in his arms and walks into her bedroom, which is the room he assumes is off the living room. He's right. He walks into a beautiful white room, not frilly, but definitely a woman's touch all around. He places her on the bed.

She watches him undress. He's compact but powerfully built. His cock at full staff has her getting wet before he even touches her.

He comes over to the bed and starts to undress her. She wants to help him but he bats her hands away and pulls off her garments himself. He watches her breasts spring out of her bra, her nipples already hard peaks. He pulls off her underwear and sees they are wet.

He climbs onto the bed and straddles her hips. He takes her hands in his and pulls them above her head. She struggles, "No!"

This is what her ex used to do to her. But Chris holds her fast and kisses her protestations away. She needs to know he's boss but he is a kind boss, there to give her pleasure. She stops struggling and kisses him back. In fact, she's the one who is getting aggressive with tongue play. She nips at him and he nips back, which fuels her need to hurt and be hurt. 

He continues kissing her until he hears little noises from her. She's wriggling her hips, needing the primal coupling. He keeps his hands holding hers above her head as he slides down to suckle her tits. One touch of his lips and tongue and she pushes her chest into him. He nips and licks and she sighs and moans. He sucks hard and bites and she moans louder. He hears a slow leaking "Yessssss" leave her lips.

He finally lets go of her hands and moves down to her mound. He kisses all around the curly hairs and down the fold of her thighs. He kisses closer to her opening and she's arching into his mouth, making him kiss her there. He licks her hole and sucks her clit and jabs his tongue into her. She wants more of his touching her, more of his tongue, more of him. She arches again and pushes his tongue into her pussy and he puts his teeth on places he can reach. She responds by moving on him so that his teeth scrape her and his tongue fucks her. She thrills at the feel of it. She moves faster and with a high pitched groan, cums, streaming her honey into his mouth. He drinks it all. 

He moves up and places his cock at her entrance. With one smooth move, he penetrates her all the way, and holds there. He wants her to start the rhythm. She pushes her hips into him so he is as far into her as he can be. She slowly moves her hips in a circle. It moves his cock around the inside of her sheath, touching her G and grinding her clit. She does it to please herself but Chris can't believe how good it feels. He lets her do this until he can't stand it anymore and has to pound her. 
