 Author's note: After finding a journal of mine from many years ago, I began to transcribe my more youthful fantasies, infusing them with the embellishment of someone who has learned a little bit more about how the world works (I actually don't know much on how it works, don't take advice from me). Just enjoy what is right in front of you.

This is a fictional work. Everyone is 18 years of age or older. Enjoy.

***********

Mina had carried out Carson and strapped him into his car seat after the horn honked, signaling the children's pick up. The eldest, Abby, despite the late hour pranced out beside her and buckled herself in.

"Had a good night?" Their father asked and she clicked her heels together and grinned as an answer. Directing his tone to Mina he smiled. "Thanks again for taking them on short notice you are a lifesaver."

"Daniel helped too."

"Daniel's an I-D-I-O-T."

Justifiably, his older brother was right, Daniel was one from head to toe. When Mina had first met Daniel across her aisle seat on a 747 heading across the country she could have crossed her heart and swore she'd never be living with the man. Through a twist of fate she became his brother's nanny after her permanent move.

Daniel was older than her by several years, both he and his brother immersed in the creative arts. It didn't take long for them to drag her under, into the world of drawing boards and think tanks. She held a nine to five, but those children were now family. She wasn't just their nanny, she was their aunt.

"Auntie, daddy spelled a bad word," Abby cried out, still clicking her heels together.

"She's onto me, better get them home," he chuckled and put the car in drive as Mina waved goodbye and strode into the house Daniel and her occupied.

They weren't lovers, they weren't married. They weren't anything but best friends. That was the ultimate twist of fate, how she could have let this narcissistic, know-it-all into her life and find semblances of joy in his company.

Already he was washing the dishes, scrubbing neon orange cheese from a pot. "Get me something to drink will you."

Mina slid him a sippy cup that had been on the counter with a wry smile. "Bottoms up."

"You think I won't drink from this then you don't know me."

"I know you will." And he did, lifting the cup and sucking in grape juice completely expressionless. She pulled wine from the fridge, opening the new bottle. "Want some adult grape juice?"

He slid the sippy cup back to her without thought and she filled it just to be funny, using a stemless wine glass for her own. They had a system here, a life - one she didn't want to leave anytime soon. He was one of the few who understood her workaholic nature, just as she knew why he didn't sleep much at night.

"Much better. I'll finish here, you get the den," he said and she took her wine with her as she collected toys and placed them in the bins. All except for Abby's stuffed giraffe, which she tossed on the sofa with intent to bring it over in the morning. Fluffing pillows, she nestled them against the sofa and finally got onto her hands and knees as she started picking up the pieces from a disturbing round of Candy Land where everything but the board had ended up on the floor.

Even after all this, the dishes, the mess, the too big parade of shoes she let Abby try on from her closet, Mina was pretty sure she wanted one.

Sorting through the cards to place them in order she tossed the thought around an realized she was nowhere close. With a snort she gulped down her glass of wine, only to have it refilled moments later by Daniel as he sank onto the floor beside her.

He was no small man, his height towering and build large. She liked his eyes best of all, such a soft blue they sometimes looked periwinkle.

"Don't get down here I'll have to call the fire department to get you back up," she took a jab at his age somewhere pinned in his mid-thirties.

He still drank from the sippy cup, only he had removed the the lid. "Fuck off."

"Fine, I will, and I'll leave you here too."

"You're not that cruel," he said and took the stack from her hand, placing it down and setting up two pieces to play, obviously nowhere near ready to sleep.

"Yes I am, and I'll cheat to win just to prove my point," she said with a grin as she drew a colored square and took her place on the rainbow trail as was the premise of the game.

"I'll throw the board across the room and make you pick up all the pieces again."

Mina submitted to playing. The two of them finishing the bottle of wine easily and opening another just in time for her to get sent nearly back to the start. She retaliated by indeed throwing his piece across the room in a tussle of limbs.

When they were through his hand remained on hers and Mina felt the same flair of tension she did when they passed each other in the hallway from the bathroom after a shower. Or when he'd press his hand into the small of her back for the briefest second in the store. Or how his fingers would brush her neck when he'd tied an apron around her in the kitchen.

But each instance passed, yet not this time. He groomed it, holding onto her hand for a bit longer. "Go get the piece."

"Uh, I can't."

"So defiant."

"Not exactly, someone's holding my hand and won't let go." She smiled easily because of the wine.

So did he. "I won't. You're right. Guess I'll just have to repurpose my piece. The remote control will be my gingerbread man," Daniel said and set the remote onto the board with his free hand.

"It takes up too much space, no way! It was this ingenious thinking that made Abby try to use the board as a gigantic spinner. Candy Land isn't supposed to be so complicated. All you do is pick up cards and move to the matching color."

"Creativity runs in the family, what can I say."

"You can say your family is nuts," Mina offered.

"Certifiably," he smirked and finally released her hand to tap the side of his head knowingly. "But just wait until your children pop out, then you'll know crazy. Cause if anyone is certifiable, it's you."

"Then good thing I'm never going to have them."

"You keep saying that, but I know you. The way you looked at Abby tonight, you're hormones must be killing you with all that primal instinct," he chuckled through a sip of wine.

It made her want to hit the bottle over his head. "And what about you, mister, making airplane noises to feed a baby."

"Cause I'm a great uncle."

"Ever have that primal urge to become a dad, I mean you already have the body," she mocked, leaning forward to rest a hand against his softer stomach, giving it a few pats.

"So not nice, Mina," he barked and tugged at her arm, pulling her into him so he could give her hips a little pinch. "And what do they say about hips like these."

"That you better watch where your hands go," she grumbled in warning.

He retaliated by cupping either side of her, so if she hadn't been fully drawn to him already she would have been in that moment. She was half on her knees, half leaning into him. But fully wasn't his type with her wide hips, and thick thighs. Her soft and pale torso with equally soft breasts. Her soft, kind smile.

It didn't mean he wasn't her type. A little part of her knew he always had been. She liked his arrogance because it often kept him accountable. His need for perfection, diligent. His aspirations were unobtainable, but he never stopped trying.

"I'm watching where my hands are," he smirked, moving them up her sides slowly.

"You're not watching, you're looking at my face."

"Yeah, I am. But I know right where they are."

"Then allow me to show you where they should be," she huffed roughly and easily detached his hands, pushing them back and above his head so they pressed into the sofa cushion.

"You know, normally I'm the one in your position. Dominance looks good on you."

She froze, breath catching. Her grip on his hands loosened, but he didn't let go. He kept her hovering over him, her dark hair falling around them.

"Does it?" Mina asked softly, feeling the tension between them as she had never before. It grew in those seconds she waited for an answer.

Daniel must have felt it too, how unbearable it was, because he answered her by stretching his neck forward, pressing his lips to hers just so it would break.

And it shattered

Her whole body imploding instantly. Lips parting over his, body wilting as she surrendered to the heat of his hands crawling down her arms and back as he embraced her fully.

Mina settled into his lap, her hands diving into his hair as she let her lips slant over his. He wasn't shy. Of course he wouldn't be. Daniel knew just how to get her to gasp, giving her sides a firm squeeze so his tongue could slip against hers.

No one was watching anything then, her eyes closed and as well as his, as they dragged out a kiss until they were breathless.

Eyes squinting open, she peered down at Daniel, his lips parted and swollen. He looked a little disheveled, hair sticking up. All it took was one lingering glance and the tension mounted once more.

The two colliding this time, pulling each other back in for fevered kisses as his hands told her what he wanted: her. They slid under her shirt, grabbing at her in a way that made her grind her body down on his. She could feel his need, the stiffness of his cock surprising her enough to moan and making her bolder.

Her own hand ran under his polo, feeling the trail of hair that had often enticed her as he exited the shower. She explored him as he held her weight, her hands uselessly devouring the span of his shoulders as his lips moved away from hers to equally consume her neck.

She rolled her head to give him access, groaning. "What are you doing?"

"Kissing your neck."

"I meant this, all of this. We shouldn't, can't."

He nibbled her throat and her hands curled into his skin.

"Shouldn't and can't are two very different words. We very much can. Obviously. Tell me why we shouldn't my mouth's too busy to make an argument," he breathed against her skin.

"We don't do this."

He flicked his tongue against the base of her neck.

She tried again. "We've had a long week...long night. Lots to drink."

He sucked in her skin, her voice breathy as she took one more shot. "Because I'm not one your girls - those girls."

"Mina, I don't intend to fuck you like one of them." He spoke quickly and pulled at the collar of her shirt to access more supple skin. When he couldn't get enough he pulled at the fabric and she let him undress her.

Her answer was in how she simply let him, her thin fabric bra holding heavy breasts already swollen and aching. His touch on them was divine, a strong hand kneading and fingers finding her tight nipple with a gentle roll.

Her hips pressed down on his erection and he pinched harder. Mina allowed him to explore her for a few moments longer until her own hands became restless and she demanded his shirt be removed.

He complied. Adding to the growing pile of clothes was her bra, which she unhooked before her fingers went to press against his torso, nestling her breast together in a way she thought attractive. Small pink nipples adorned her milky tits and Daniel swallowed deeply before he tugged at her hips and moved her forward toward him, his voice was ragged.

"Put your hands against the sofa behind my head. Like before."

Mina braced herself, weighty breasts hanging down like the fruit before Daniel's face. He took one nipple into his mouth immediately, tongue teasing it as his fingers worked the other. When he used his teeth to gently bite down Mina felt herself grow obviously wet between her thighs.

This torture went on until she swore her arousal was evident through her shorts or the way her hips flared and rolled over him like a silent plea for more. Even her arms began to shake as he stimulated her, her whole body shook as his wet mouth inhaled her nipple and sucked hard. She felt the same tug deep inside her pussy and in an instant she collapsed into him, quivering, throaty mewls leaving her lips.

What had just happened? No one had ever taken so much time to build her up. It took the rumble of his voice for her to know what happened, "Did you just cum, Mina?"

She nodded, arms now around his shoulders and a deep blush crawling up her neck. The dancing of his fingers along her spine made it worse.

"Good to know you're sensitive."

"I'm not sensitive you just...no one takes that much time." She finally lifted her head to look at him, a cocky smile on his face.

"Now just imagine how much time I'm going to take between your legs," he purred.

Mina had never believed words alone could make her find release but his nearly brought her into a second climax. Her pussy throbbed, clenching as it demanded what he'd just said. It spoke through her. "Then why are you wasting time talking about it."

His eyes smoldered. "Take off everything you're wearing and get on the couch with your legs draping over the arm."

She looked at him stunned for a moment by the command in his voice. The next time he spoke it was nearly a bark. "Now who is the one wasting time."

Jumping to her feet she didn't have time to think self consciously, her jean shorts already down her legs and panties following. There had been no need to shave these past few months, so dark hair tangled around her vulva, but as she adjusted herself on the sofa so her soft pink lips parted revealing her flushed pussy glistening with residue of her last orgasm.

Daniel had settled at the end of the couch, hands gripping under her knees to pull her forward so her behind rested on the arm and she was splayed open to him. His hands trailed down her legs to her ankles were he snapped the elastic of her socks.

"I said take off everything."

"Socks don't count," she groaned and pushed her hips up toward him desperately. His fingers around her ankles were replaced by his lips as he alternated kissed between her legs, mouth moving up so slowly she could hear seconds tick by.

His teeth sank into the plump flesh of her inner thigh undoubtedly getting a taste of what was to come. She felt his breath on his sex, then it a disappeared. Daniel stood up and took a few steps back.

He went to the belt of his jeans, undoing it and sliding it from the loops only to set it aside. She watched each moment carefully, how he took time to remove his pants, then his socks, then his boxers.

Mina's mouth watered at the sight of his thick cock. It had a narrow head, but wide shaft which curved ever slightly. It had been so long since she'd felt a man push into her she was close to begging him to simply fuck her. No condom. Nothing.

She would take anything then.

"Dan, please just...come on."

"Take off your socks," he simply said.

Rolling her eyes Mina groaned, "This is about socks, just take them off yourself."

"I told you to take everything off. So, take. Them. Off. Mina."

She grunted as she lifted a leg in the air and hooked her finger under the elastic to pull it off. She did the same with the other, only this time throwing it at him. It was a cover for how his words made her feel, tingles burst across her breasts and through every limb.

Daniel got to his knees. Fingers on her thighs. Fingers spreading the drooling lips of her pussy. His thumb lifting the hood from her clit.

Her breath hitching. Her chest tight with anticipation. The first slow lick of his tongue from the base of her entrance to her engorged nub was agony rather than bliss.

But she only knew true agony when a loud knock came at the door, Daniel's brother's voice booming through. "For fucks sake at least answer the door if you two won't answer your phones."

Panicking, Mina bolted from the couch, snatching her clothes from the floor and running into her room with her back pressed against her slammed door. She had been in a stupor and just woke up, Daniel's lips and hands on her in phantom touches like it had all been a dream.

Daniel must have pulled his pants back on because soon she heard his brother's voice in the den talking about Abby's stuffed giraffe she took everywhere. Mina knew right where it was, wedged between the sofa cushion where her head had pressed it moments ago.

But she remained quiet, barely breathing and fully nude, against the door until the giraffe had been located and the two of them were left alone again.

When Daniel knocked at her door, she pretended to be asleep, quietly padding to the bed where she smothered her face into the pillow.