 Author's note: After finding a journal of mine from many years ago, I began to transcribe my more youthful fantasies, infusing them with the embellishment of someone who has learned a little bit more about how the world works (I actually don't know much on how it works, don't take advice from me). Just enjoy what is right in front of you. Or feel free to go read Parts 01 & 02...

This is a fictional work. Everyone is 18 years of age or older. Enjoy.

***********

Next time.

Those were ominous words, weren't they? It's the type of saying a villain would use after they escaped their enemy. They were filled with revenge and foreboding, and Mina couldn't quite shake them because when would the next time be?

It wasn't as if they had worked out when was acceptable to vulnerably strip down and please each other. It wasn't like she had actually pleased anyone in a very long time.

Daniel was a very hard man to please. It wasn't like him to be caught in the office so routinely, but backlash from his editor, Laney, cause him to stalk the firm, sitting in the chair with his hands behind his head and elbows bent, arguing for a pitch. He didn't really have to argue, the company was half his. Half his brothers. Even so, they were under a large umbrella company, and after a few days Mina was positive he wanted to bend that umbrella over his knee and chuck it off their back deck into the ocean. 

It made next time seem inevitably distant, which only seemed to encourage her fantasies as the days slipped by. In them she was often at his mercy, hands bound and legs spread. In them she always looked better, a flatter stomach, shaplier breasts, a freshly bare sex for him to to feast upon.

It caused her to dredge up older fantasies of them, from when they had first met and she wondered how it would feel to have him pressed into her as they covered gasps with fierce kisses in a very public setting. How it would have been to have him kiss her. Take her.

Now she knew how his lips moved over hers. The reality was much, much better compared to her concocted dreams. Potent enough, a shiver raced along her spine and she had to set the manuscript down to uncloud her mind. Only she got stuck part way between reality and fantasy, eyes glazed over and lower lip sucked into her mouth.

Startled when the door swung open she slapped the papers up to hide her face as Daniel huffed, "Perspectives meeting, conference room, let's go."

"Okay, boss," she said without thinking and then the entire walk across the bullpen she thought on what she had just said. 

He was her boss, her employer. It was a technicality but it shown on paper and she felt a harsh blush reveal itself on her cheeks as she took a seat with a host of other editors, including Daniel's, who she sat beside.

The woman passed her a summary of the plot for Daniel's fourth book in a series and she held it up to hide her face. She had already read over this sheet several times at home, but reading it again grounded her enough to focus when Laney called the meeting to order.

"So, everyone's read through this, what is missing?"

"A comma in sentence three."

"A better title."

"Rip me to shreds people, god." Daniel joked and cast his steely gaze around the room. "Laney thinks romance is missing between the captain and his once prisoner. This is a man who killed her brother in book one, took her hostage, and blew up the capital building on her planet."

"Point made," Laney argued. "This is also the man who saved her ass from becoming an experiment at the hands of her father and brother. And she is the woman who gave up her title and broke the most wanted criminals from prison, and then held a gun to her own father's head. Plus they flirt."

Daniel shrugged, "So, we flirt." He gestured to Mina making her face turn from crimson to pale in an instant as she floundered, realizing now would be a very bad time to reveal what else they had been doing.

"Leave me out of this," she tried to smile and dismiss the comment.

"You're a sitting duck," he argued, "Look, we live together. We've seen our rounds of tension. I'm no nearer falling for her than I am the next stranger who walks through these doors."

"But the fans want a romance. The polls don't lie.

Can't you talk some sense into him," Laney flagrantly asked Mina, "You do live with him."

"My point exactly. I am no less wrapped around her finger because I live with her than Cassius is to Mercy and they have been living in the busted down hovel in space for the last three books. This isn't a romance, they are taking down an unfair, unregulated military enterprise. Let the fans have their fiction, romance would spoil the series. Plus Cassius dies."

The room broke out into an intense bout of exchanges, arguing over his proclamation - one she new from the very beginning. His eyes went to hers and he gave her a wink. She swore the world could see.

Laney let out a defeated sigh. "Can you at least have them fuck each other?"

Mina had to look away then, unable to see the concentrated smugness on Daniel's face as he simply said, "Maybe. You'll have to wait to find out. Adjourned."

The crowd dispersed, Laney calling after them - especially the interns - that no one was to let a peep out about Cassius' death. Mina had known for years without saying a word, but she had a few for Daniel when she found him in her office, lounging in her office chair. 

She was quick to close the door and frown. "Why did you have to pull me into it!"

"You're the one who told me to kill off Cassius because it gave the story a better arc."

"Not that, you complete ass. About flirting with me," She hissed, leaning over the table to hound him with her eyes.

"I do flirt with you."

"No you don't, you torment me." 

Daniel gave her a half pout, his hand sliding over her, fingers crawling up her arm like vines. "Do I torment you?"

"Yes." She swallowed deeply, mind far from the meeting and back to the daydreamy place she'd been floating.

"Good." He spun to face her, giving her arm a tug so she drew near. "You've been torturing me too." 

"Have I?"

His hands moved up her arm, boldly across her breast, wrapping lightly around her throat for an instant. She gasped and he took advantage of her parted lips, popping his thumb in her mouth.

Mina knew he hadn't found release, at least not through her, so when she sucked on his finger she gave him a little show, questioning where the boldness had come from. It was rewarded by a low groan as she took his whole thumb into her mouth before releasing it with a little nibble.

"Not at work," she said quickly and moved away from him. "You're technically my boss. I think this breaks some sort of rule."

"And you love the rules." There was mischief in his eyes. "I have a few rules for you."

Her throat went dry, his words had a pull on her even more roughly than hands. That timber, it made her panties intently begin to grow damp "What are they?"

"Rule one, look at me."

Mina turned and looked, her nipples hardening until he could see them strain against the thin pink of her blouse. She wondered how she looked to him, was it as good as he made her feel? 

"Rule two, come here."

Mina stood before him.

"Rule three, get on your knees."

She folded her body, skirt riding up as her knees hit the floor with a full thud. The sound her heart made echoed in her ears as she looked eagerly up at him with dark and questioning eyes.

"What if we get caught?"

"You think I want to get caught, it would discredit my whole argument then I'd lose a battle and have to restructure the last two books." As he spoke his hand caressed her face, the thumb she had sucked moving across her plump lips.

There was no thinking of fantasy then, the reality too raw as her hands went to his thighs and worked up the material of his jeans until she found his erection straining.

"I didn't lock the door." 

"Then we better not make too much noise."

She had already given in despite her argument, addicted to the way Daniel looked at her expectantly. No one had in far too long? Or had he always?

Her hand went to the buttons and zipper. He was wearing tight boxer briefs, the length of him pressed into the material, a shadow of the real thing she had seen not too long ago.

Preferring to expose him fully, hard cock and balls, she peeled down the elastic and he lifted himself enough she could tug the material until full access was granted. She watched as she took his cock in her hand for the first time, memorizing how it felt from curved shaft to swollen head. 

They had only been in her room for minutes and already he was leaking precum. How long had he been thinking of doing this? Since their kitchen encounter?

Mina had always enjoy sucking cock, rarely the opportunity arose for her so when she saw the glistening moisture she didn't want to waste it on her fingers. Wrapping a hand around the base she heard his soft grunt and his their eyes met.

She knew just how to get to him. She always had.

Her mouth moved toward his shaft, lips nearly brushing the skin as her breath washed over him. "Rule four. Tell me rule four."

The hand that had been softly caressing her wove into her hair, gripping it. He rumbled, "Rule four...suck my cock, Mina."

The flat of her tongue lapped against the bead of precum. Then again, starting down the length and working up. She pressed just hard enough against the underside to draw a noise from deep in Daniel's throat, before she slid her lips over the moistened head.

One hand was still at the base, her other dug into his thigh for balance as she began to work down his length in teasing tastes, tongue doing most of the work. She felt him grow stiffer and rewarded that by adding suction and a soft moan of her own. 

She wasn't thinking about decorum, other than keeping things muffled. Her attention was directed to the stiff cock she had in her mouth. She pushed saliva out from under her lips, until he was coated as far as she could take him. Only then did she sweep the hand around his thickness up, gathering the lubricant she had provided and began to work him with her hand paired with her mouth.

The effect was gratifying. The hand in her hair seized and she noticed how his knuckles went white on the hand gripping the arm of her chair. His dampened grunts mingled with the sloppy sounds of her mouth.

Her whole body moved as her lips parted over his cock, the suction greater as she pulled away, hungry for him. Part of her assumed he would have been more forcefully. Part of her might have even hoped. 

Part of her knew she would take him again in her mouth at their house when she didn't have an office filled with people ready to witness more than they bargained for - she couldn't believe he had so easily gotten her on her knees. 

Willingly she tried to take him just that much deeper, relaxing her jaw and flattening on her her tongue so the swollen head of his cock hit back of her throat. Lips met her curled fingers and she kept him deep, groaning as she did to add to the height of the moment.

"Fuck..." He hissed, lips contorted as he forced himself to play by her unspoken rule for near silence. "Rule five, look at me as I cum."

Knowing he was close she sped up, bringing the tight ring of her mouth up and down his shaft with exaggerated strokes and dizzying speed. It was hard to focus on his face, but Mina never drew her gaze from his.

His nostrils flared and body shifted, hips moving as she felt his cock twitch in her mouth. She pulled up quickly as the first shot of his cum released, letting it pool as her tongue worked the sensitive underside of his head. 

He broke just slightly as she did, letting out one cracked groan like a shot fired, his hand as hard as she craved on the back of her head, keeping her steady as he finished, blue eyes attached to hers. There was a new tension between them, the kind that formed only during intimacy. It made her breathless.

Gulping, she swallowed his seed. He released her and she sat back on aching legs, licking at her swollen lips. 

Her voice was shaky as reality came back to her, acutely aware to how she had made a mess of her panties and how badly she wanted his fingers to slip the material to the side. Wanting this badly was reckless. What a fool she had been, losing control in her safe space for the merciless man before her. 

Panting, she turned on him. "Rule six, pull up your pants and get out of my office."

He nodded, not daring to speak or maybe there was just nothing to say that would make any sense. Instead, Daniel held his hand out for her and aided her onto wobbly legs before he tucked his softening cock into his boxers and fascnented his trousers.

Mina was quick to remove her hand from his, leaning against the desk as she pretended to be fascinated by the clutter instead of how he slowly crept to the door like a naughty boy having been caught stealing cookies. They could have been caught!

Instead she caught that he had restructured a sequence in the manuscript she had been working on, his changes in blue ink and initialed. Quickly she threw a pen at him. 

"You do not just come in my office and correct my corrections! Out, get out!" 

He made haste of the handle as he thrust the door open, the moment of tension seeming to slip into something more bearable between them as her intern bustled past the open door and frantically said, "Ms. Abbott, are you alright?" And more reverently, "Mr. Reed?"

"All good," Daniel kept laughing. "Just a little light flirting she couldn't handle."

He departed and this time she did chase him into the bullpen, yelling curses to his back until he was gone, the whole time aching to let every dirty word she knew leave her mouth as he thrust into her.

Next time, she was going to know how it felt to come undone around his cock.