 Author's note: Both characters in this work of fiction are at least 18 years old. 

*****

25 year old Candy Peterson loves to come, but only from a big cock or agile tongue in her pussy. She has masturbated when necessary but Candy is so beautiful, tall and dark-haired and voluptuous, and is so well known as being a great fuck, that she can find sex partners with no difficulty. Her most recent carnal escapade was with Brian, who is only 18 years old and has enough stamina to keep up with her, besides being quite handsome. She called up on Friday and told to come over to her apartment and eat her pussy and fuck her about eight o'clock that evening. 

And that was the kind of language she used. Candy sees no reason to be coy when every man she contacts knows what they will be doing no more than a few minutes after being let into her apartment. Brian, of course, had absolutely no complaint about her choice of words and he could think of no better way to spend a Friday night than using his tongue and cock to make the sexy young woman come as often as he could. He told her he would be there and that he was already looking forward to the tryst. Neither of them saw any need to say anything about it lasting until Saturday morning because that was already taken for granted. 

Brian arrived a little before eight o'clock. No man in his right mind would make a horny sexpot like Candy wait if he could possibly help it. He rang the doorbell to her apartment and identified himself when asked. 

"Just a minute," she responded. Her voice was followed by the sound of a bolt sliding and a chain being unhooked and the door was opened barely enough for Brian to slip through and into the darkened apartment. 

He heard the door being relocked behind him and turned to gaze upon the gorgeous young woman he was there to see. As his eyes adjusted to the lack of light, he saw a lot of her. As I said, there is nothing coy about Candy and she was completely naked as she stood grinning at him. 

"Can you see well enough yet?" she asked. 

"Yeah." Brian proved it by moving closer, gently taking one of her big succulent breasts in either hand and leaning over to start licking her nipples. 

"Mmmm, I like that but take off your shoes and socks and we can go into the bedroom and do it right." 

When he was barefoot, Candy took Brian's arm and started to lead him to that destination. The eager couple stopped beside her bed and shared a long, warm embrace and kiss with her tongue deep within his mouth. When it ended, she started to unbutton his shirt until he turned around and let her strip it off him. "You know what I like to do first," she said, grinning lasciviously at his chiseled features and dark brown hair. 

He knew, of course. "I love it as much as you do," he told her. "Just lay down on this bed and get ready 'cause your pussy is about to get the best licking it's ever gotten." 

Candy doubted that because she has had some memorable orgasms from being eaten out on that same bed but she knew that night and the following morning with Brian would be one of the best because she had taught him herself. The naked hotty climbed onto the bed and nestled her head in a pillow. Seeing she was ready, her partner for the evening climbed on after her and knelt by her side. The eager brunette cupped her lovely breasts in her hands and offered them to the young man for his oral worship, which began immediately. 

He leaned forward and started to lick the nearer of the beauties, relishing the feel of the cute pink nipple as it quickly became erect under his ministrations. Brian's mouth switched back and forth between the luscious orbs, sometimes licking Candy's adorable nubbin and sometimes sucking the soft flesh into his mouth and continued until her gorgeous body was squirming under his face. When his nose detected the heavenly aroma of the juices being produced by her pussy, he knew it was time to transfer his oral attentions to an even more delightful place lower on her body. 

Marveling as he always did at the soft, silky texture of her skin, Brian licked and kissed and nuzzled his way down her sexy belly until he reached her soft Mount of Venus. He kissed her there, got off the bed and climbed back on at the foot to start walking on his knees toward the object of his lust. Candy saw him, smiled and raised and spread her legs in greeting. He ducked under and wrapped his arms around her thighs and gazed, enraptured, at the lovely pussy inches in front of him. Her skin was both creamy and dusky, like the shade of old ivory and her lips were dark pink and swollen with her lust. They were slightly parted and Brian could see the pink lining as he gazed upon their beauty. 

As he always does in that situation, Brian breathed deeply of the delectable aroma before licking off the few drops of honey that had spattered onto Candy's thighs. They were even more delicious than their scent had promised and he licked them off her legs and crotch before starting to use his tongue to caress one satiny outer lip. She had shaved her pussy that morning, as she always does before a sexual tryst, multiplying her sensitivity to what she knew the man would be doing for her. Brian relished the sensation more than anything else and he slowly licked upward to her mons, where he gently kissed her. 

Candy had been sexually excited even before Brian's tongue started giving her pleasure and her body was writhing on the bed under his face. "Keep eating my pussy," she urged him. "You know how much I love it." 

He was fully aware of her desire and Brian was having almost as much fun as the tall, dark-haired hotty. He moved his face back to below her dripping pink hole, where he feasted on all her delicious fresh juices and started to lick the other outer lip. The movements of the beautiful woman under his face became even more strenuous and more erotic, with her whole body responding to his oral attentions. 

Candy was completely giving herself over to the intense pleasure of the moment and her movements showed it. She was rocking from side to side on her soft bottom and thrusting her legs out and back past Brian's head like a pair of lovely white pistons. Her eyes were closed and her mouth was partially open in a grimace of bliss from what was happening to her and from knowing it was going to get much better, even before she reached her orgasm. 

It was also getting better for the man whose mouth was bringing her to that towering state of arousal. After his pleasuring tongue reached her mons and he kissed her there again, he once more started at her dripping pink hole. This time, after feasting on all her fresh honey, he started licking upward between her inner lips, stopping to concentrate his attentions on the alluring pink hole that was the source of Candy's delicious juices. 

"Yes!" she exulted. "Lick me there! Put your tongue in me!" 

Brian's tongue was too soft and too blunt to do exactly what she wanted but he spent the next several minutes with the tip caressing just inside the enticing place where it was wanted. Candy's excitement reached the highest state yet that day and her pussy started fucking up into the face that was so intimately pressed against her. She was ready to come and, with her usual directness, she let her partner know about her wants and needs. 

"Suck my clit! I need to come!" 

Brian had seen a few minutes earlier how swollen that delightful morsel was and how it had crowded its way completely out from behind its protective hood. He moved his mouth slightly upward, gently engulfed her delicate clit between his lips and started to suck, while his tongue caressed the engorged sides and top. She continued to jam her pussy against his face and he synchronized the actions of his mouth with her thrusts as Candy warbled of her joy. 

"Oh god! Oh god! Keep sucking me." Her climax had been building for a long time and it started to overtake her. "I'm coming!" she sang out joyfully. "Keep sucking!" Her thighs clamped onto his head and her hands grabbed onto his hair, as if to keep him where he was. 

There was no need for her do so because there was nothing else Brian wanted to do and nowhere else he wanted to be. Candy continued rocking from side to side on her ass but her legs were holding Brian a more than willing prisoner and she tossed him all over the bed while her pussy kept ramming up into his face. With his arms, he clung to her thighs and he kept her clit snugly in his mouth while his lips and tongue kept working their magic. When her orgasm overwhelmed her, Candy howled again, in absolute ecstasy while her thighs tightened their grip before letting go. 

When she was through coming, the very happy brunette relaxed completely, with her arms flopped at her sides and her legs draped over Brian's shoulders. He greedily licked most of the fresh honey from her legs, pussy and everywhere else it had splattered but he left the juices inside her dripping pink hole so they would be able to perform their task of providing lubrication. He was horny and wanted to fuck and he knew she would be too. After devouring all the delicious treat he would allow himself, he backed away and let Candy's legs fall gently onto the bed. 

He was still wearing his blue jeans and he reached into the pocket and took out a condom, which he unwrapped before removing his pants and underwear. As naked as Candy, he got back onto the bed with his big, hard cock aimed at its goal. Since he was aware she always likes to roll the protection into place, he carried the latex disk in his hand as he approached. 

Candy had been lying on her back with a happy smile on her face and her eyes closed but, when she felt Brian getting back onto the bed, she opened them and grinned lewdly at his erection and the condom in his hand. "I want to get on top," she told him. "But first I want to put on your rubber.

That would have been Brian's choice too because it is his favorite position in which to fuck, especially with a bosomy woman such as Candy. Her big breasts bouncing and swaying above his face in the Cowgirl would add a visual delight to the tremendous pleasure her pussy would be giving him. If she switched to the Female Superior position, he would also derive great tactile pleasure from stroking the soft, smooth skin of her side and back and fondling her gorgeous ass. Brian handed her the condom and, once she had moved out of the way, he eagerly lay down where she had been and nestled his head in the pillow she had been using and to which the aroma of her arousal was clinging. 

Candy moved closer until she was kneeling between Brian's legs. She took the condom from him and held it with one hand while she wrapped the fingers of the other around his shaft and leaned forward to take the hard cock between her lips. She stroked it a few dozen times, also licking with her tongue, before taking it out and rolling the protection into place. Candy loves the feel of a big, stiff shaft in her mouth, with her favorite part being when the man sprays his cum onto her tongue but that was not what she wanted just then. She would suck him off later that evening but what she wanted then was to get his shaft wet enough to make it easier for her to encase its length in the condom. 

With the condom in place, Brian moved his legs together; Candy straddled them and moved closer until her pussy was directly over his cock with some of her juices dripping down onto the head. "Hold your nice, big dick up for me," she instructed and he, knowing why, did what she wanted. 

She used her forefingers to spread her lips and slowly lowered her body until her pussy made contact with the object of her lust. Brian knew what to do next and he moved his cock back and forth to spread some of her plentiful juices before holding it in place. Moving still lower, Candy thrilled at the feel of the head between her fingers before it wedged into the needy place beyond them. She sighed happily as the end of Brian's big, hard cock burrowed its way into her pussy. 

She stayed like that for a few seconds, letting the early waves of pleasure ripple through her body, then lowered herself still further, relishing the sensation of more than an inch of the rigid shaft stretching the place being crammed so well. Once again, she paused briefly so she could revel in the familiar delightful sensation of fucking a pliant man. Candy continued with the same kind of movements, enveloping Brian's cock into her pussy in small increments and loving every inch he had for there. When she stopped, his pubic hair pressed against the very sensitive skin of her clean-shaven pussy. 

Candy stayed in that position for a minute as the sensations of joy throbbed through her body before starting to move her pussy again. Once again her movements were slow, as she wanted to derive every drop of pleasure she could, besides providing the same for Brian. She raised her body until just the head of his cock was still inside her, paused and lowered herself. He saw and felt his cock being engulfed so he placed his hands on Candy's hips, pushing down on them while he thrust up. Their bodies came back together with a satisfying wet sound, accompanied by moans of bliss and her juices splashing onto both their bodies. 

This time there was no delay. Candy raised and lowered her body and Brian thrust up to meet her while pushing down on her hips again and they both expressed their joy again. The next stroke was the same, as was the one that followed and the many after that. Great as it was, Candy has another way of fucking she likes even more and she wanted to switch to it. 

"Just hold on to me like that," she instructed Brian, who knew what the sexy brunette intended. 

His cock was buried so deeply in her pussy she could feel his pubic hair as it tickled her in the most erotic way possible and he held her in that position. Candy leaned over him, placing her hands on his chest and letting him enjoy the view of her big breasts as they swayed above him while she straightened out first her left leg, then her right. When she was done changing her position, Candy's legs were stretched out on either side of Brian's, her hands were under his arms and gripping his shoulders and her rigid nipples were digging into his chest. 

He gently caressed her back and sides and succulent ass, relishing the texture. The skin there was not as soft and smooth as her pussy had been but felt great under his hands. While clinging to his shoulders, Candy started sliding forward on his body, removing her pussy from around his cock and scraping him with her erect nipples. Once again, she stopped when just the head was still within her and started to glide back, impaling herself once more. As he had before, Brian waited until his cock was almost all the way inside her slick pussy and thrust up and forward, plunging his whole shaft back into the place that felt so good. Candy moaned in delight at the sudden cramming and started another stroke just like the first. 

This one was just as good, as were the many that followed. Their bodies were like a well-oiled machine, operating in perfect unity on top of the bed, with their movements being accompanied by soft moans from the exquisite pleasure Candy and Brian were giving to one another. His legs were still lying between hers so he spread them, separating her thighs and allowing his cock to plunge a small fraction of an inch more deeply into her pussy. This tiny change was greeted by louder moans and whimpers of joy. 

Her climax had been building ever since she first straddled her young partner's body and Candy was showing the effects of it. Her succulent body was rocking from side to side and more of her juices were gushing from her pussy. Some of the fresh honey was surrounding his cock and providing additional lubrication and the rest was running down his body and soaking into the mattress. The hot brunette was on the verge of coming and it was time for another change in their position. 

"I'm almost ready to come," she told the young man under her. "Let me get back on top." 

Once again, Brian had no objections. His own climax had been mounting and was ready to explode too. With his cock buried deeply in her pussy, he placed his hands on her hips while she put her hands on his chest, brought her knees back up beside him and pushed herself up until she was where she wanted to be. The first of her strokes in this position was just like the last had been but then she leaned back so the base of her clit was pressed against the top of the cock that was filling her pussy so thoroughly. 

Brian moved his hands and held her thighs and Candy leaned back, massaging the base of her clit and his cock at the same time. She sobbed in delight at the fabulous pleasure she was getting and it became even better when she impaled herself again on his rigid shaft. Over and over, Candy raised and lowered her needy pussy, raking her clit across Brian's cock twice with every stroke. He was making it better for both of them too, driving his cock upward to meet her every time she lowered her body and imbedding his cock deeply in her pussy. 

She was thrashing around on top of Brian and her breasts were swaying and bouncing in front of him but his hands were too busy to fondle them. "Give it to me! Make me come!" she urged him. 

There was nothing in the world he wanted more than that but his own climax was building also, until it erupted and, with a grunt, he filled his condom with semen. Candy felt his cock jerking as Brian ejaculated, saw the grimace of joy as it passed over his face and knew her partner had come. She continued to bounce up and down on top of him and, a few seconds later, she felt herself emulating what he had just done. 

Candy's climax had been slowly and steadily mounting for a long time, giving her the delicious feeling of a volcano preparing to erupt and the sight and the erotic sensation of the man under her as he came set off her explosion. A huge wave of excruciating pleasure swept over her body and she sang out in ecstasy while starting to topple forward. Brian spread his arms and caught her body while continuing to drive his cock, still hard after his ejaculation, in and out of Candy's pussy. She thrashed on top of him until her full orgasm inundated her entire body. 

After coming as intensely as they had, Brian and Candy needed to rest for a few minutes before resuming their sexual romp. She lay on top of him, his cock still cramming her pussy and already starting to build another climax inside the sexy brunette. They would remain like that for a little while longer until Candy was ready for more of the same kind of activity and she would tell Brian what sexual pleasure she wanted to indulge in next. This would continue for the rest of the night and, after a bit of sleep, would resume the next morning.

Candy was particularly attracted to two things about her youthful stud - his willingness to do what she wanted to please her in bed and the sexual stamina he needed to carry out her wishes.