 My affair with Katie over the next few months was amazing, and our working relationship never changed one iota so no one around us suspected a thing; although I did hear some canteen gossip that "her husband must be giving her a good seeing to as her friends had never seen her look so contented!" If only they knew.

I can't really remember what order things came in but it was something like this.

As her young husband was still working away two weeks 'on' and one week 'off;' once or twice a week we would meet in various hotels while he was on the oil rig and fucked and sucked to our hearts content; especially Kate who couldn't get enough cock in her mouth; and when she was sucking it her pussy was literally dripping onto the floor or the bed; depending if we were lying together or she was kneeling in front of me; which was soon becoming her favourite position. 

She quickly amassed a collection of sexy underwear; some I paid for but mostly what she bought herself, especially for our nights together. 

While not really 'natural' to me; I developed a new persona as a 'dominant bull;' talking dirty to her and 'making her' do all of these dirty things; things her husband wouldn't do, like cumming on her face and tits, making her swallow my spunk and spanking her cute arse when she was giving me a deep and sensuous blow job, or when she was bouncing on my cock and jiggling her huge tits. 

Things took a dramatic turn one night after I'd had a bad day at work and the traffic had been horrendous; making me late so she was already sitting in the hotel foyer looking slightly annoyed. I hardly spoke in the lift and as soon as we got into my bedroom I snarled, "Get on the fucking bed; on your fucking hands and knees!"

Shocked at my tone, Kate looked at me.

"Get on the fucking bed and lift your dress so I can see your fucking arse...now!" The pretty young housewife meekly complied, facing away from me and lifting her dress onto her waist to reveal black nylon stockings, a white 6 strap suspender belt and a matching white g-string digging into her swollen pussy lips. 

"Fucking hell, look at you...you dirty fucker. You're gagging for it aren't you?" Kate nodded as she stared in the mirror on the dressing table. 

"When did you last play with yourself?" I asked as I took my clothes off. 

"Monday night." She smiled, but didn't move a muscle.

"No wonder your fanny is so fucking wet!" (This was Thursday)

As I pulled my socks off I could see her chest was heaving in anticipation. As I placed the socks next to my other clothes I nonchalantly picked my tie up.

"Put your hands behind your back."

Katie complied, and as I bound them with my silk tie I looked in the mirror to see her eyes wide open and her tongue lolling out of her mouth as I got behind her and began licking her sopping cunt and lapping up all of the juices. She was a hat and horny as that first night, moaning, groaning and and grunting when my tongue slid up her perineum to her puckered arse hole, bringing her to the cusp of an orgasm three times. 

Soon needing to unload I stood up, pulled the gusset to one side and buried my dick deep into her young married cunt, making her gasp. Soon she was pushing back to meet each thrust as I spanked her delightful arse cheeks. 

After a couple of minutes I unceremoniously pulled my cock out, pulled her panties down to her knees and pressed my knob against her arse hole.

"What?...Mac...no, no!"

But it was too late for her, covered in her sticky juices my cock easily slid into her virgin hole, making her squeal then grunt then whimper. 

"You've been dreaming about this for weeks, haven't you?" I teased her. It was true, because it was something I had introduced a couple of times to our phone sex conversations and it had always made her cum. 

When I looked in the mirror her eyes were screwed tight shut and she was blowing her cheeks out as all 7 inches of my cock plunged in to her tight anal cavity. The whole thing was so exciting I couldn't holds back and quickly blew my load up her shit chute, and there was an audible 'plop' when I pulled it out followed by a stream of creamy spunk. 

"Oh my God...that was amazing." Kate sighed as I flopped onto the bed. "Please undo my wrists so I can finger myself." She whimpered.

"Of course." I laughed, as the 21 year old jumped off the bed and grimaced as she quickly took her dress and g-string off then lay beside me in the opposite direction so I could watch her finger and rub her juicy cunt. 

Unusually she immediately slipped two fingers into her twat before pressing her thumb against her engorged clit. The scene looked and smelled as sexy as fuck, as Katie bucked and twisted in her desire to cum; but for some reason it evaded her until, she cast her eyes to my semi-hard dick. Without a word; and knowing full well where it had just been she rolled over and kissed it with her bright red lipstick covered lips, before filling her mouth with the whole thing, sucking like crazy as she ploughed her hungry cunt with three fingers. 

"You dirty little fucker!" I laughed as I pressed the back of her head even further onto my cock, "take it all in...smell it" Kate was now in a frenzy at both ends, and when she came a whole load of her cum squirted out onto the bed clothes, making her shake with excitement, and even cry a little as she got her breath back. 

Hard again and knowing how wet and stretched her arse was I told her to 'get on top' but push my cock up her arse...with a big smile on her face she did as she was told. This time there was absolutely no resistance as her chubby arse dropped onto my seven inches. The next 10 or minutes were pure sexual Heaven as my 21 year old married lover 'arse fucked' my cock and pulled and tugged at her tits; totally oblivious to me. 

We carried on like this for about 18 months, with Kate taking every opportunity to take my cock in one of her holes, then something changed and I wasn't sure what, but presumed our affair was drifting to a close. 

Sadly, she didn't tell me...yet again it was canteen gossip; she was now pregnant, about 4 months. Knowing I'd had a vasectomy put my mind at rest!

When I finally broached the subject she broke down into tears, Jack had apparently been pressurising her to have a baby (like all of their friends) and even though she wasn't keen; had relented, but was worried it would affect our relationship.

I quickly put her right on that score and invited her to the hotel that night. Dressed in a loose top and comfortable linen trousers (obviously I'd not noticed the different way she had been dressing!) we had a drink in the bar before we went to my room. Once inside she was on fire, pulling my trousers down and sucking on my dick before even attempting to remove any clothes.

With my trousers around my ankles I told her to stop and get undressed, "then get on top so I can see those fucking cannonballs bounce."

Now naked I could see Katie's tits were now swollen and she had a noticeable tummy-bump, which she tried to hide, but I pushed her hands away and lay on the bed stroking my cock. Looking quite shy, Katie straddled me and nervously guided my dick into her wet pussy, making her sigh with delight. 

Her tits looked and felt amazing as she bounced on my dick, and at times I couldn't take my eyes off her wobbling tummy. 

It turned out she hadn't had any cock for two months since she'd told her husband that she was pregnant, coupled with her avoiding me. She made up for it in the next two hours though, even taking it up the arse twice. 

My now pregnant lover was soon as ravenous as ever; made more so by her young husband not doing anything when he was at home. 

Sadly when she was about six months pregnant she had a miscarriage which had a devastating effect on her; and ultimately her marriage. 

After a year away, she returned to the company and reignited her career; but apart from an occasional blow job in my car, not really our relationship although we remained close friends and colleagues. 

During one lunch break she confided that she was looking for a new job somewhere new, as the town was suffocating her. After Jack had left all of his friends had tried to get inside her knickers; and as was the way even her mother had suggested she should 'take a husband.' 

I suggested some Agencies and websites; but it was a conversation with a customer about 80 miles away that ticked all of the boxes. Without anyone knowing my involvement I arranged the interview and within a month Kate had accepted the job offer; and as my friend owned several properties a reasonably priced flat not far from the Head Office. 

Now with her own home; our relationship started again and Kate made up for lost time; and when I wasn't there made use of the various sex toys I bought her. 

With freedom on her side and an even bigger, but softer set of tits Kate made up for lost time and had numerous boyfriends and one night stands; which she would tell me about in glorious detail during our phone-sex sessions. 

With no surprise her oral abilities made her very popular very quickly; but only one guy ever ventured to take her up the bum; and that was the guy she eventually married. 

To follow...her 30th Birthday in Amsterdam.