 Dave took the call from his mate Phil. 

"Sorry Dave, there's a bit of a change to the camping plans. The girls' plans fell through and so they said that with nothing else to do, they wanted to come down to the lake with us."

"Damn, there goes the swearing drinking and fun," Dave laughed. He didn't really mind. He got along really well with Phil's wife May and knew that she'd be fine with them drinking and swearing as much as they wanted. As to their daughter, April, well he had mixed feelings about her coming along. On the plus side, she was hot; truly truly hot. On the other side, Dave knew that with a couple of drinks under his belt, he was likely to start flirting outrageously and in front of her parents that wasn't such a good idea. Through the quirks of fate, there was less years between Dave and April than there was between Dave and Phil, which in his mind made it more dangerous.

Phil had got May pregnant by accident early in their relationship and though they'd been teenage parents, they'd truly found love and managed to avoid the fate of so many others in their position and were still together 18 years later. 

Dave worked with Phil and despite Phil being 38 and Dave only being 26, they'd hit it off well enough and often went camping out by the lake together. 

"Hah, I don't think we'll have a huge problem," Phil laughed back down the phone. "Anyway, departure time is the same; we're still away at 5am so that we can get the best out of the long weekend. Of course, we'll probably have to dump April in the car still asleep given the times that she usually wakes up on the weekend. Shit, we're lucky if she's even back from partying by 5am to get out of bed!"

"No problem Phil, I'll even chuck in a couple of girly drinks for them so they don't bitch and moan too much," Dave laughed. 

On the day of departure, Phil drove past Dave's place to rendezvous before heading off to the lake. Dave laughed when he saw Phil's 4WD pull up in the drive way. It was absolutely packed to the roof. 

"What happened mate, looks like your camping gear has been breeding!" Phil raised his eyebrows and nodded his head at the passenger and back seats where May and April were sitting and shook his head. May grinned at Dave and wound the window down to say hello, knowing what was going on, whilst April sat with her head against the window, obviously asleep.

Dave went back and shut the door to the house and jumped in his ute. In contrast to Phil's car, the only thing that seemed to take up any room was the canoe that he had lashed to the custom built frame.

"Hope you found room for some grog in there," Dave said as he climbed behind the driver seat in the pre-dawn gloom.

"Ha, there's enough to at least get me through the first day," Phil replied. With that they backed out of the drive way and headed off out of town to the lake. 

On arrival, Dave climbed out of his ute and stretched, watching as Phil and family climbed out of their 4WD. His eyes were snared by the sight of April as she stepped down from the back seat, her shoulder length ash blonde hair messed about her head before she pulled it back with her hands. As her hands went back, she thrust her chest out and Dave eyed the sight of her firm breasts sticking out from her chest. Her stomach was flat, and her legs long and lithe.

Only with reluctance did Dave tear his gaze away as the sound of May's door opening brought him back to where he was. "Geez," he thought to himself, "I haven't even had a drink yet, this could be tough!"

"Not too early for you is it?" he called out to April as she turned in his direction. She smiled sheepily at him, her elfin features lighting up.

"Of course it is, its Saturday for god's sake, I'm not supposed to be up for HOURS!"

"Oh well, you can always sleep in tomorrow I guess," Dave responded. May laughed.

"If you tell her that, we won't see her until after lunch," she said, drawing a sneer from her daughter.

Phil came around from the other side of the car and tossed a beer to Dave. "Here this will help you with setting up," he called, twisting the top of his own.

"God Phil, its not even 10am!" May said, shaking her head.

"Its tradition!" Dave and Phil said together, before laughing heartily.

"Where's mine then?" April asked. 

"You ladies can help yourself, unless you intend to set up your own tent?"

"Not likely," April laughed, moving to seat herself on a nearby log.

Phil set about pulling gear from the back of his car and Dave moved to do the same, rolling his swag off the back and staking it out, tying off to a tree so that he'd have some head room in there. Moments later, he'd pulled the camping stove and cook gear out, put the esky in the shade and lifted down his canoe.

Turning to watch Phil, who was only part way through getting a tent up, he laughed heartily. "Need some help over there mate? I'm done."

"Yeah, get over here and do some real work you bastard," Phil laughed back.

Dave helped out and an hour later, the camp was all set, Phil and May having a tent to share with a smaller tent set apart for April. April was busy stashing her gear in her tent as the three older people perched themselves on chairs and relaxed for a while after the exertions of setting up.

After a thrown together lunch, April approached Dave and said, "So, this canoe, does it actually float? Or is it just so that you've got something to fall into when you're too drunk to manage the swag?"

"Very funny, of course it floats. It's rather good for catching fish too actually."

"Maybe you should take me for a paddle and show me just how well it does float then."

"Be happy to."

"Great, I'll just get changed into something a little more appropriate for canoeing then."

Dave watched as April disappeared into her tent, paying particular attention to the curves of her butt as the track pants she was wearing clung tightly to them.

He waited patiently until she reappeared and attempted to keep his mouth closed so that he avoided the desperate stare that was threatening to invade his face. As she climbed out of her tent he took in what constituted her change of attire. She'd swapped the track pants for a pair of cut-off denim shorts that barely contained her tight buttocks and a white t-shirt tied at the waist to reveal her taught, flat belly whilst at the same time accentuating her breasts.

"God, how can I survive time alone in a canoe with that?" he thought to himself. He grabbed the paddles and life jackets and threw them into the canoe before pulling it down to the water's edge. He heard April telling her parents that she and Dave were going for a ride in the canoe and not to expect them back for an hour or so.

"An hour or so?" Dave asked her as she approached the small dock on the edge of the lake where he was now sitting in the canoe, hanging onto a rope tied to the pier. "You must be intending to do a lot of paddling."

"Oh I don't paddle, Dave, that's your job, but if I'm going to enjoy the sun, there's no point doing it for five minutes." April dropped a couple of towels and a bottle of sunscreen into the canoe.

"Huh, well I guess that we'll see about that. Hop in." April climbled down the short wooden ladder into the canoe and Dave moved them back a bit, passing the rope to April. 

"Hold this," he said and climbed out of the canoe and up onto the short pier. He jogged up to where his ute was parked and grabbed a small toolkit and a kayak paddle from the back. He saw Phil, who motioned for him to come closer. 

"Do us a favour mate?"

"Sure what's that?" Dave asked.

"Make sure that you really are gone for at least an hour?" Dave laughed and winked at him and promised that he'd not be back for at least an hour, but no more than two so that there was a time frame in which they would be expected to return.

"And its probably best if you don't stay within sight of camp," Phil said, blushing.

"Mate, consider it done. Have fun and watch out for bugs." Phil laughed in turn and Dave turned back towards the canoe and pier where April was waiting for him.

"Right, if we're going to be away that long, I thought I'd throw in some tackle and if you're going to make me do all the paddling, it will be easier for me with this," he said, indicating the kayak paddle. "I'm sure the purists would shoot me for using it with a canoe, but I like it."

"I promise not to tell anyone," April laughed as Dave climbed down into the canoe again. 

Dave pushed them off from the pier and paddled them around the end of it, quickly taking them from the view of the camp site, his eyes struggling to see past the curve of April's hip as she sat with her back to him, looking forwards at where they were going, but turning regularly to peer pack in the direction of the camp.

Literally as soon as the camp site disappeared from view, April pulled at the tie of her t-shirt before lifting it up and over her head.

Dave stared as she stretched her lithe body upwards with the movement, the t-shirt disappearing to reveal the ties of a red halter-neck bikini to him. 

With her t-shirt off, she arranged the towels that she'd dropped into the canoe and and turned around, rocking the little boat alarmingly as she did so.

"Woah there, there's no point bringing towels if you tip them into the lake with us you know."

"Sorry about that, just trying to get comfortable."

"Well the traditional way to do that in a canoe is to face the way that you're going so that you can see if you're going to crash into something."

"Bugger tradition, I want to sun bake." And with that, she reached up behind her nick and released the ties of her bikini, pulling it down so that her firm breasts were revealed to the sun. Dave stared, forgetting to paddle, his mouth agape.

"What's the matter Dave, never seen breasts before? I thought you were a little more worldly than that?"

"Oh its not that I've never seen breasts, before, more that I didn't ever expect to see yours. What do you think your father would say if he knew you were out here topless in my canoe?"

"He'd go freaking bananas, which is why I waited until we were out of sight of the campsite. You don't mind do you?"

Dave's gaze took in April's magnificent breasts. They were full and firm and sat beautifully on April's chest, the nipples quite large and partially erect in the cool air. There was no sign of a tan line so apparently this wasn't a first for her. She was watching him appraisingly, waiting for his answer.

"We'll I guess I can live with it."

"Excellent, I thought you'd be cool." 

Dave grinned and kept paddling, his eyes flicking between where they were going and April's amazing body. As they continued, April shifted herself about and slid the tiny shorts off of her body, revealing the bottom half of her bikini. She reclined back against the front of the canoe and rested her head back, letting her knees drift apart to rest on either side. 

Dave hardly knew where to look. His cock was erect in his pants now as he was left staring down along April's gorgeous legs to the crotch of her bikini where his imagination attempted to provide a visual estimation of what was beneath the small patch of cloth that prevented him from actually seeing her pussy. Tearing his gaze up only brought him as far as her breasts and he swallowed before continuing to paddle and trying to watch where he was going.

He was just starting to think he would succeed when April sat up and produced some sunscreen which she dribbled over her breasts before rubbing it in. Mesmerised, he stared as the firm flesh was massaged beneath her hands, her nipples becoming erect as her fingers slipped over them.

"God I love being out in the sun," April said as she rubbed them.

"Wha?" Dave muttered, dragging his attention to her face and remembering to paddle again." April laughed at him.

"Gee Dave, are things getting a little uncomfortable for you?" She asked.

"Well, yeah, I mean, I can't necessarily control things when you do that in front of me you know."

"I noticed," April said, grinning and glancing down at his crotch.

"Geez April!' Dave said, acutely conscious of his erect state.

"Tell me Dave, have you ever cum in your canoe?"

"What?"

"Have you ever cum in here. You know, from having sex or masturbating?"

"Um no, I can't say that I have April." Dave replied trying to refocus on paddling.

"Has anyone?"

"Not to my knowledge," he answered.

"Kewl, then maybe I can be the first," April said, grinning as her hand slipped down over her glistening belly and slid beneath her bikini, her fingers clearly making their way down to touch her slit. 

Dave gave up paddling at this point and rested the kayak paddle across the canoe as he watched April's fingers dancing beneath the cloth of her swim suit. April was grinning at him and moaning as she worked her fingers between her pussy lips and stroked herself.

"Hmm I think these are just a hindrance," she said and to Dave's further amazement, she slid the bikini pants down her legs, careful of the small vessel's balance this time, until she was sitting naked in the canoe. 

Dave noted that this time, there were tan lines visible and commented on the fact.

"Well I can get away with topless enough to prevent them, but there's not too many places I get to expose my pussy," April grinned. Dave admired the tiny patch of trimmed hair and the smooth lips of her pussy. He wondered whether they were yet completely enflamed with her excitement. Before he had a moment to think about it, April's fingers were back at her pussy, one hand parting her lips so that she could work her clit with the other. 

"You know this would be easier if I had some visual stimulation," she said. "Why don't you free that poor thing and give it some air and attention. You might even beat me to being the first to cum in your canoe."

"Are you serious?" he asked.

"What do you think, I'm sitting here naked and fingering myself, would I have any reason not to mean it?"

"I guess not," Dave replied sheepishly.

"Well come on then! And while you're at it, take of the t-shirt so I can see your chest!"

Dave gave in, this was one of those once in a lifetime things that he decided he wasn't strong enough to turn down. He'd just have to face the consequences like a man. He pulled his t-shirt over his head and April took in the tight, sculpted pecs and the thin covering of hair that adorned them, along with his bulging biceps, glistening with a sheen of sweat from his exertions. Then he was sliding his shorts down his legs and her attention was diverted there.

His cock sprang free and April grinned as she took in the girth and length, pleased that there was ample of both. Dave smiled when she complemented him on the fact.

"Don't be shy, wank for me Dave," April said. Dave couldn't believe that his mate's daughter was turning out to be such a little vixen, but as he enjoyed the perfection of her body and the sight of her masturbating, he found that there was ample desire for him to join in. He took his cock in his fist and started working it up and down, the skin sliding back and forth over his shaft as he did so.

The two of them watched each other, their breathing slowly becoming more ragged as they worked towards their climaxes. Dave noted that there was a trickle of fluid now oozing from April's pussy as she worked her fingers around and around her clitoris and as precum seeped from the tip of his cock, he used it to lubricate his fist until it was sliding smoothly up and over the head of his cock and back down again. 

It was just enough to take him over the edge and he grunted noisily as his balls tensed and then released a spurt of thick white cum in an arc from the tip of his cock to fall to the bottom of the canoe. 

"Oh god that is so hot," April told him, fingering herself furiously. Second and third spurts followed and then April squealed with delight as she felt her own orgasm rip through her body.

Dave watched as she removed her hands and her pussy rhythmically contracted with the after-effects of her orgasm.

After a few moments, Dave picked up the paddle and lazily moved them about the lake, April reclining in the front of the canoe, still naked. Dave was surprised when, after another ten minutes of continued observation of April's perfection, he felt his cock begin to rise again. He tried to will it to go down, but another five minutes passed and he couldn't, so he just paddled around with an erection until April sat up for a few moments and noticed.

"Now that's what I like to see," she said, "Ready for more action!"

Dave checked his watch. They had twenty minutes before the agreed time that they'd be back at the campsite.

"Huh and here I was thinking that it was probably about time that I put it away. I've never been sunburned on the cock and I'm quite happy to pass through life not knowing just how painful it could be."

"Oh I don't think putting it away could be any fun," April replied and started shifting her position in the canoe. "At least, not until we've done something about the state of it. I would hate to see such a beautiful erection go to waste."

"Oh that's ok, it wouldn't be the first one to be unattended and it sure won't be the last," Dave replied.

By now April had sat up again in the canoe and managed to get onto her knees in front of Dave, bringing her wonderful breasts just that much closer to him. They glistened slightly with a combination of sunscreen and sweat and he felt his cock twitch as he took in Aprils' nipples at closer quarters.

"Ahh but you see all those others obviously happened without me here. Now move that paddle aside and let me have some fun."

"er what?" Dave said, surprised as April reached out, her arm passing beneath the bar of the kayak paddle with one hand to grab his cock.

With his cock firmly grasped in her right hand, April pumped slowly up and down his cock a couple of times as she told him, "I need you to get your paddle out the way so that I can suck your cock."

Dave looked down at April's hand as it encircled the girth of his shaft and moved slowly up and down. Then he looked past her breasts to her face. She was so amazingly beautiful that he decided there was no way he could paddle back now and leave himself wondering what if. He puddled the paddle into the canoe and cleared the way for April who leaned forward and ran her tongue along the underside of his cock above where she held him with her hand. He leaned back to give her better access and watched as her thin lips passed over the head of his cock and down along the shaft. 

April's head bobbed up and down on Dave's shaft as he watched, thrilled by the sensation of her sucking on his cock. Her tongue flicked out and licked at the slit in the top or swirled around the head of it occasionally as she caught her breath. April grasped Dave's balls in her hand and gently fondled them and Dave attempted to spread his legs wider as April's mouth descended even further down the shaft of his stiff cock.

Dave was amazed at the expertise with April applied herself to his cock and commented on the fact as she worked him over.

"Well its not like this is the first time I've done it," she told him, blushing, "its just the first time that I've ever been ale to put myself in a position where you're on the receiving end."

"And I must say that I am glad that you have," Dave said before grunting as April plunged her mouth down his shaft whilst fondling his balls with one hand. Dave shut up for a few moments as he realised that he was about to blow his load and just concentrated on the sensations that were coursing outward through his body from his cock.

And then he came, his cock pulsing and shooting his cum into April's mouth. April accepted his sperm as his cock pulsed a couple more times, emptying itself. As he subsided, he watched April give him a messy grin before leaning over the canoe and spitting his sperm into the water. 
