 I was anything but a tomboy while I was growing up. I was all girl and all female. Several of my close friends and I were really miffed that the girl scouts would only let us do girl things while the boy scouts let our male counterparts have a lot of fun. After I was in my second year of college, I joined a sorority that was the opposite of what sororities normally are. We did not wear frilly dresses or skirts, and have fancy dances. We were into what is now called extreme sports. 

I have made at least fifteen freefall parachute jumps, gone down several rivers in both canoes and rubber boats. I love to ski both downhill and water. Rock climbing and bungee jumping was not popular back when I was in school. But boys were.

I went to a Midwestern school where we had beautiful rivers and the Ozark Plateau to play around on. My sorority and a guys fraternity were faithful partners in what was then called co-ed activities. We used to pair off a lot. Greg was my normal partner in just about everything. Greg was two years older than I was and was a normal kind of guy. He was not a big strapping he-man football player type. If he had to do a sport it would have been tennis. Or golf. 

Greg and I hit it off really well from the start. We met at the first event of the year when I first started out. It was a swimming and planning party. We had the pool to ourselves because everyone else in school was at the football game. As an initiation, all the new people (both boys and girls) had to pass a swimming test. It was really an easy one, just swim fifteen laps of the pool. I could do this in my sleep. I did distance swimming in high school.

One of the older girls told most of us that if it looked like we were having trouble in the water, one of the guys would jump in and “rescue” us. We were told that this should happen after the 12th lap. That way they could “help” us swim the last part of the test. Well, most of us could read between the lines and knew this was how we were going to partner up.

Before the test I had seen Greg chatting with a couple of the other guys, drinking a soda, eyeing the new girls. The rest of the guys were drinking beer. Greg saw me eyeing him and when he looked at me I smiled at him and turned away. (I really was shy with guys back then. Up to that time I had only dated one guy.) Time for the test came and I jumped into the water and started to swim. I took it easy because I was not really feeling my best just then. To put it bluntly, It was the wrong time of the month for me. Normally I would never swim during that time. Today I had to if I wanted to make the canoe trip the next weekend.

Everything went well for the first ten laps. Then I started to have cramps. I doubled up a couple times, but it was nothing serious. I was not afraid to be in the water with cramps. I learned in Water Safety Instructor and Scuba class how to deal with it, and not panic. Greg had been keeping his eye on me. I didn’t know it, but the guys had already discussed with the older girls who to partner with and Greg had already chosen me for this trip. He was going to valiantly jump into the water and rescue me in two more laps. 

I made it to the end of the twelfth lap, but I had started to cramp up in my left calf now. As I was in the middle of the pool, it went really bad and I had to scream because the pain was so bad. I gulped in some air and went under the water and was holding tight to my leg when Greg came up. Instead of coming up to me and offering to help me, Greg saw I was in real pain and came up and rolled me over in the water so my face was up.

“Hey girl, I have you. I know you are in pain. Just hold on and I will get you out of the water. You’re going to be fine,” he told me in a calm voice. All I could do was nod my head that I understood him. Greg towed me to the side and got help from a couple of the other guys to pull me out. I was still doubled over in pain. I had never been so embarrassed in my whole life. I wanted to die. I just lay on my side and prayed for the pain to go away, which it finally did.

I had presumed that no one would want to partner up with me after that. I was wrong. Greg put in a “bid” on me and claimed “rescuer’s rights.” After all, when a guy rescues a damsel in distress, he expects to be properly rewarded. Don’t you read fairytales! They tell you how to reward him.

I rode out to the place we were going to be camping with Greg and we got to know each other a little better. I was a lot more at ease with him when we were alone. Greg wanted to be a chemical engineer. He was from Oklahoma and worked in the oil fields during the summers. He planned on moving up North to Alaska when he finished school and already had a job with a large oil company. He worked summers for them and they told him they would put him to work the day after he graduated from college. Greg was into everything. He was the one that talked me into jumping out of an airplane the first time. 

We got down to the campsite at Blue Springs, met the group, and loaded the canoes up. It was great. The sun was beating down on us. I had on a floppy hat, a yellow halter top and cutoff’s that stopped just above my knees. I would just wear a brief two piece swim suit when we were around camp, but I got my thighs sunburned once before and knew the pain that caused. Greg looked at me and smiled.

We headed out. I was in the front seat with Greg in the back steering. We floated down the river at a gradual pace. This part of the river has about four minor sets of rapids. After we shot those, we coasted for a while.

We got into several water fights with other canoes. We got wet a bunch of times, and were swamped twice. Greg swamped three other canoes. (All our gear was lashed to the canoe in water proof containers, and wrapped in a tent.) This was the most fun I had in a long time. I wished I had found this group my first year in school, only I went to a school near my home for my first year. 

I was having the time of my life. Greg and I were working out well as a team. I wondered how well Greg would be at another sport. I was going to find out sooner than I dreamed possible. Much sooner.

Greg pulled us over on a sandy beach and I pulled out our picnic lunch. We went to a shady spot under a big tree, ate, and just talked. After we finished eating, we both took little walks into the brush. Guys have it all over girls in that. 

Just as we were getting ready to leave again, I saw Greg had a spider on the back of his butt. It wasn’t a big one, but . . . I never liked spiders. I reached over and brushed it off with my hand. Greg did not know why I did that, and I guess he thought I was playing with his butt. 

As I started to explain about the spider, he grabbed my arm and pulled me close to him. Here I am in his arms, looking up into his eyes, and I did the only sensible thing a girl could do. I threw my arms around his neck, pulled him close, tilted my head to the side, opened my mouth, and closed my eyes—and waited. Greg took it from there and did the rest.

We were standing in the sand next to our canoe, kissing. Several other canoes went by us on the river and I heard catcalls and whoops from some of the other guys. Some of them were not from our group. I couldn’t have cared less at that time. 

My God how Greg could kiss! His kiss took my breath away! He pulled me closer and let his hands roam all over my back. Then I felt them go down to my butt. Greg cupped both of my ass cheeks and started to squeeze them and spread them apart. 

I was getting so turned on by this point, I didn’t care we were standing next to a busy river with all kinds of people floating by, watching us. I pressed my chest and abdomen up to him. I wanted to get closer to him still, but our clothes were in the way. Shelia told me later that I had my foot up in the air behind me and it looked like we were actors in a romantic movie’s main love scene.

Greg finally broke the kiss and held me back away from him. I was breathing hard and I’m sure he could see the lust in my eyes. I expected him to tell me we had to wait until later that night, but he didn’t. He just went over to the canoe and pulled all our gear out of it. He told me to help him move it over behind a tree, which I did. Then he took a blanket and we walked up a path to where we were out of view of the river. Greg took the two canoe paddles and stuck them in the sand one over the other in the shape of an “ X “across the path.

“Dusti, have you ever carried a canoe before?” Greg asked me. “Just once,” I replied. I still had no idea what was going on. “Then I’ll show you. Push it over on its side, like this . . .” We carried the canoe on our shoulders in the same way we would to carry it over an obstruction in the river. Only we set it next to the blanket, with the back of the canoe facing the river.

“Okay, Dusti. Lay down on the blanket,” Greg told me. I did. Then he lay next to me. Greg pulled me into his arms again and kissed me. I put my arms around his neck and kissed him back. Greg rolled me over on my back and lifted my arms up over my head. He held my hands together in one of his hands.

“What are you doing?” I asked, surprised. Greg smiled down on me and pulled the strap of my halter top off my shoulder, and down my arm. Then he reached for the other one.

“I’m claiming my reward for rescuing you in the swimming pool,” Greg said. “What if some one else comes along?” I asked in near panic. I did not want to get caught.

“They won’t come up here. That’s why I put the paddles the way I did. Universal sign. Danger ahead! For our group, it means Girl Getting Laid,” Greg said with a smile.

Now Greg was reaching behind me to unsnap my halter top. I started to resist him and was going to buck him off me. He stopped instantly and let my hands go. He looked down at me in astonishment.

“Dusti, I’m sorry! I thought you didn’t mind. Honestly! I didn’t . . .” He said as he started to get up.

“I don’t mind. You surprised me was all. And I thought I was supposed to put up token resistance,” I told him. Then I reached up and pulled my halter top off, and threw it aside. Greg just kneeled there next to me. I reached up and pulled him back down on top of me. Then I rolled him over to where I was on top of him and started to kiss his neck.

Greg reached up and fondled my tits, which were hanging right over him, and then rolled me back over again. Now he was on top of me, again.

“I get to be on top!” He said. Then he lowered his head down and started to lick my left nipple. My left nipple is my hot button. Suck on it or lick it or squeeze my left nipple and you own me. I just started to groan and reached up and ran my hands to the outside of his arms and grabbed onto his shoulders. I threw my head back and surrendered myself to him.

Greg pulled my cutoffs and panties off with one big pull. Then he pulled his own off and we were both naked on the blanket. Greg’s cock was about 6 inches long. It was not as large as my former boyfriends, but Greg knew how to use his to a much greater effect than my old boyfriend did. At least on me, in any case.

Greg straddled my chest and put his now hard cock right between my breasts. He took my hands and placed them on the outside of my breasts. 

“Push them together,” he told me. I did so. My old boyfriend had never done this before. I didn’t know what was going on at first. “Push harder!”

Greg started to fuck my tits with his cock. God, how good that felt! Then he scooted up so that his cock ended up near my mouth each time he thrust his hips forward. I didn’t need to be told what to do then. I reached down with my tongue and licked the head of his cock as it came up. Then he scooted up some more and I was able to take the head of his cock into my mouth. I sucked on his cock and licked around the head of it as he fucked my tits. I could feel his cock sliding between my breasts. I had never felt anything like that before.

“God Dusti, I’m going to cum!” Greg said after a few minutes of this. He tried to climb off me, only I bit down on his cock when he did and he froze in panic. I sucked harder on his cock and he came in my mouth for all he was worth. When he started to cum he pressed his cock deep into my mouth.

I let go of my tits and grabbed his ass and pulled his cock deeper in my mouth. I drank in all his cum I could, but there was so much some of it spilled out and ran down my lips and chin. It spilled onto my chest and even on my tits. It seemed like he sent gallons of cum to me that afternoon. It had been some time since I had fucked a man. God how I loved the taste of Greg’s cum and his cock.

When Greg was finished cumming, I let go of his ass and pushed him over. Then I sat up, swung my legs around, and placed my legs over his shoulders. 

“Start eating me, now,” I told him, pointing to my hot wet pussy. Greg pulled me closer and started to eat my pussy out. I was wet and wanting by that time. I had cum at least once while I was sucking his cock. It may have been more than once for all I can remember. Just before I came again, Greg got all hard again. I had been pumping his cock with my hand ever since he started eating my box out. 

“Fuck me, Greg. Fuck me until you cum deep inside me! I want to feel your hot cum shoot deep inside my pussy, Greg!” 

Greg knelt down between my legs and pulled my ankles over his shoulders. He stuck his hard cock between my legs and pushed down until he found my hole and slammed deep inside me with one big thrust. 

“Oh God YES!” I cried. “Fuck me Greg! Fuck ME!” I told him over and over again. “Don’t Stop! Don’t Stop!” Greg keep pumping deeper and deeper into me. I thought he was drilling for oil at first. I loved every second of it. He got my love juice instead of oil that afternoon. I hoped he was happy with it!

Finally, with one huge final thrust, Greg pushed deep into me and gushed his hot cum deep inside my love canal. After all his cum came out, Greg collapsed next to me on the blanket. I reached over and hugged him. Then I chastely kissed him on his cheek.

“Thank you for rescuing me, my handsome Knight,” I told him.

“If that is what I get for pulling you out of the pool, what do I get for slaying a dragon?” Greg asked. 

“Then you have to marry me,” I told him. Then I could see his reaction to his realization that he just came deep inside me. I could read his “What if she gets pregnant” thought. At least that is what I thought he reacted too. I found out later it was something else I said.

“Relax, my handsome knight. I’ve been on the pill for over a year. I’m safe for you to cum in,” I told him with a smile, as I bent over his face. “Again and again and again,” I said kissing him deeply on his lips.

We packed up and got back on the river. For some reason, we were the last ones that made it where we were going to camp out that night. Greg went to Sheila (the girls chaperone) and told her that we were going to sleep together. Sheila knew why we were late. She and her partner were the last ones down the river. They both saw and knew what the crossed paddles meant. Counting heads later told them who. 

She only looked at me with the unasked question in her eyes, and I nodded. She said fine. There were three tents of guys and two of girls that stayed that way. I was not the only new girl that slept with her new partner that night. Nevertheless, I bet none of them had as good a time as I did that weekend.

Greg and I stayed together partnered until he graduated. I went to his graduation and gave him the proper goodbye send off gift. (Me, of course!) By then, we had become like an old married couple. We knew what each other liked and willingly gave it to them. Greg loved to lick me between my toes. I like to . . . I think you know by now.

I saw Greg off and on until I graduated from college. I was into some other guys by then and I think (hope) he found a backwoods girl whose toes he could lick between up in Alaska. I know he will make her as happy and content as he made me during those two years. 

I think Greg knows if he had asked me to come up with him what I would have told him. He froze solid whenever a girl hinted the word “marriage” around him. I had to drag him to the two weddings we attended from others in our group. Greg, if you read this, call me! You know how to find me.