 The day had started off hot and sunny. The fourteen of us had broken camp at eight A.M., and already we had been perspiring as we loaded the canoes with tents, bags, and all the assorted stuff that seven couples carry with them on a week long canoeing expedition. We were on Kootenay Lake in the Selkirk Mountains of British Columbia. My wife and I had been sharing a canoe yesterday, but today Sue Anderson was to be my companion.

This was the first time Sue and her husband, Adam, had been on a camping and canoe trip, and the strain on them showed after the first day. Both were unaccustomed to the physical demands of six hours of guiding a heavily burdened canoe on the often choppy waters of Kootenay Lake. Frequently one of the other six couples had to circle back to help them. It had been decided at camp this morning that they would split up today, and each would share a canoe with a more experienced paddler. 

Once Adam had heard of our plan to split him and Sue, he had immediately started to protest. It figured! He was a bit of a jerk, anyway. A successful real estate broker in the big city, he was used to bossing people around and getting his own way. He had snapped at Jim, our proclaimed trip leader, "Bullshit! We can hold our own with the rest of you. She stays with me!"

Jim had looked at him for a moment without answering. Then he quietly said, "The two of you together present a danger to the rest of us, and you're holding us up. I'm responsible for this group, and I say that you split up for a day, until you get the hang of this. O.K.?" They had stood eye to eye for a few moments, then Adam had spit out, "Fine, just fucking fine. You're the boss, hotshot." Then he had stomped away to join my wife Carol who was preparing our canoe. I had motioned for Sue to join me in hers, and we were off.

At first, we had kept in more or less a single file, with about fifty yards separating each canoe. It was a great day. The lake was calm, stretching ahead and behind as far as the eye could see. Tree covered mountains rose to about ten thousand feet on either side of us. Their peaks were still covered with snow, even in July. Here and there, glaciers could be seen in the valleys of some of the higher mountains. We kept close to shore, and the perfume of pine and cedar trees reached us as we rhythmically stroked through the clear glacier-fed water.

Sue hadn't said anything for about the first fifteen minutes. Then, once we were out of earshot of the others, she had unbuckled her life jacket and thrown it to the deck. "Too damn hot," she had said as she had looked defiantly behind at me. I didn't say anything. None of my business, and besides, it gave me an opportunity to admire her as she sat in front of me. 

She was about twenty-five, with short black hair cut into a pixie. Any time a slight breeze came up, strands of hair would sweep across her face, partially obscuring her turned up nose and wide, pouty mouth. From where I sat behind her, I could just glimpse the slight swelling of her right breast as she shook her head back, her hand sweeping the hair from her face. From what I had seen of her yesterday, I knew that she was small and firm. At camp the night before, she had shown that she was more fit than her husband, chopping wood and helping set up the tents while he had complained of sore muscles and heavy loads.

Today, knowing that it was going to be hot, she had dressed in a thin T-shirt and jogging shorts, both which touched her body in just the right spots. As she leaned forward to dip the paddle into the water, her small round ass would rise slightly off the seat. I could see the globes of her rear tense with each stroke as she brought the paddle through the water, then raise it for another stroke. It was getting hotter in that canoe by the moment.

"You think he's an asshole, don't you?" Her question had surprised me after the long silence. The others were at least a hundred yards ahead. We had fallen behind, partly due to her inexperience in paddling, but mostly because I had been lazily watching her and not paying too much attention. "Well, don't you?", she repeated. Sue had turned to partially face me in the narrow boat. The front of her shirt was damp with perspiration. A light band of sweat shone on her face, and when she smiled at me, a drop gathered at the corner of her mouth.

"I don't know him," I answered truthfully. "Maybe you don't want to," she replied. Her pink tongue flicked out to lick the drop from her mouth. "In the four months we have been married, I think that this is the first time I have been out of his sight with another person. He clings to me constantly. And on top of that, he thinks that he knows everything. It's embarrassing when he acts like he did back at camp. He has to be in charge of everything in his life, including me."

She had stopped paddling when she had turned around. "My arms are bloody sore", she said, stretching them above her head. She arched back, causing her small breasts to press tightly against her T-shirt. Her nipples were clearly outlined against the cloth: pert and hard, they sat on the upper swell of her breasts, pointing up to the cloudless sky. I was about to suggest a break when she suddenly bent back too far. With a shriek, she fell backwards over the side. The last thing I saw were her legs splayed as they disappeared into the water.

I didn't hesitate. It wasn't the smartest thing to do, but I jumped up and dove over after her. She was about three feet below the surface, wildly kicking. She grabbed desperately at me as I came near. My life jacket prevented us both from going completely under. But in her panic she had her arms around my neck and was trying to climb on top of me. I managed to free her grasp and turn her away from me, at the same time reaching my arm across her chest to hold her out of the water. "Keep still," I yelled. 

I looked behind for the canoe. My jump had pushed it about ten yards away. The shore was closer. With my life jacket on, her slight weight didn't affect its buoyancy. "I'm going to get us to shore", I said. She responded by clinging to my arm with both of hers, and coughing.

In two minutes, I had dropped her on the shore and was swimming back out to the canoe. It took me almost ten minutes to swim back to shore with it. My life jacket prevented me from boarding it, but I reached the tow rope in the bow and pulled it along with me.

Once I got the canoe beached, I looked up the lake. Our companions were nowhere in sight. The first priority was to get dry. Although the sun was warm, the lake was freezing. Sue was sitting shivering, her knees drawn up and her arms wrapped around them. I drew out her pack and told her, "Here. Get out of those and into something dry." I turned and started strip out of my wet jeans and shirt. 

I was reaching into my pack for a towel when a heard a giggle. I turned around to see her still sitting there shivering, but looking at me with a smile. "What's so funny?" I asked. She looked down at my naked body, and laughed. " Mister Jealous would have a fit if he saw us now." I laughed too. "But it's strictly in the name of survival," I replied, conscious of her gaze. I had a towel out now, and threw it at her. "Hypothermia can set in even on a hot day. Hurry up." 

Rather than turn around again, I stood facing her. She caught the towel, still looking at me. "But I'm too cold to move. I think you'll have to help me," she said slowly. "It looks like you have your circulation back." Indeed I did. Her continuous gaze, combined with the memory of her in the canoe and our present situation, was causing an increase in blood flow in a certain body extremity. I looked down to see my penis thickening and rising with excitement.

"Are you sure that you want me to help you?", I managed to croak out. "I mean...". But I didn't get a chance to finish. She scooted over to where I was standing, the towel wrapped around her small body. Sitting at my feet, her face was level with now fully erect cock. Sue looked up at me, her black hair plastered to her head. "I've heard that it's a good idea to share body warmth when exposed to cold water," she whispered. With that, she opened her mouth, still looking at me, and wrapped her lips around the head of my bulging penis. I felt that tiny pink tongue flick around the head, and she started to move her face slowly back and forth.

A low groan escaped my lips. I knew that I couldn't stand much of this. I reached down and gathered her under the arms. "Let's get you out of this," I stammered. Standing her up, I unwrapped the towel. The cold had drawn her nipples out even further, and they perched atop her breasts begging to be touched. I drew her wet shirt over her head, then fell to my knees and rolled the skimpy jogging shorts down. She wasn't wearing any panties, and her thick black bush came into view immediately. She helped by stepping out of them and pressing her cold body against me.

"They could come looking for us soon, you know," I said as I wrapped the towel around her. It was the last thing I wanted to happen, but I didn't want Mr. Jealous and my wife to catch us fornicating on a deserted beach. Sue pressed harder against me and let her hand slip down the crack of my ass. "Then we better hurry up and get warm," she purred. 

Looking around, I saw a small cleared patch where the warm sun was beating down between two trees. I grabbed her hand and we ran to the clearing. The sun was hot on our naked bodies. She turned to face the lake. Wrapping her arms around a thick cedar tree, she bent over and spread her long lean legs. Looking over her shoulder, she panted, "Hurry! Do me now, before they come back for us." Her small round ass, which I had admired in the canoe, was jutting up and back at me. The cheeks were split open, revealing her long, fleshy pussy lips. They were surrounded by a fringe of jet black hair. I could see them glistening with her moisture. 

I placed my hands on her slim hips, then ran them up to cup her breasts. They were firm and hard, like unripe peaches. As I rubbed my palms over her nipples, she pushed her hips back to trap my prick between her ass cheeks. "Mmm, " she purred, "that feels great. That asshole husband of mine just rolls over in bed once a week to poke me in the dark. I've always wanted to get it from behind outdoors."

She was rubbing her ass all over my cock. Reluctantly letting go of her breasts, I reached down and spread her ass cheeks further apart. Her cunt pouted out at me. It was soaked from her juices and I watched the lips separate as I eased the head of my cock past them. "Oh, fuck, are you hot!" I groaned. There was little resistance as I pushed my hips forward. She responded by bending further over, still gripping the tree. Her cunt opened further, swallowing the last of my rigid pole. I was now in to the balls.

Sue went nuts! Her head flew back and she started to chant, "Yes, that's it fuck me. Fuck me hard. That's it! Oh, Oh, Unh, Unh." And on and on. I had my hands back on her tits, cupping them as I pulled her back for each thrust. She was still talking dirty, telling me "Yes, I love your cock. Fuck me good with it. Yeah, that's it. Uh huh, Uh huh. Oh, God yes. Harder." She turned her head to look at me. Her eyes were half closed, her mouth open as she panted with the exertion. 

I slowed down and began long deep strokes. I almost came out with each stroke, then paused before pulling her hips slowly over my cock. "Oh yeah, like that. I love it like that." Seemed she liked whatever I did. Fine with me! I looked down to watch my engorged prick appear, pulling her lips back with it, then slowly disappear into the depths of her very hot and wet young cunt. The sun was hot on our backs, and any chance of hypothermia had long disappeared. I could now smell her body musk, mixing with the woodsy perfume of a hot summer day. It was the most erotic aroma I had ever smelled.

That's what put me over the edge. The smell, combined with her nonstop stream of dirty talk. I bent slightly to get a better angle, and began with deep, fast strokes. Sue was pumping back to match me, her short dark hair flying from side to side as she approached orgasm. "Oh God. Oh God," she moaned. I thought she was about to peak. "Here they come," she panted. Looking through the trees, I could just see a canoe headed toward where we had beached. It was too far away to make out any faces, but it was definitely headed our way. 

A perverse desire to have her jerk of a husband see us fucking by a tree overtook me. Sue must have read my mind. She hadn't stopped her hip movements, but now they quickened. "Hurry, I'm about to come," she whispered huskily. "He can't catch us. Hurry up." Our bodies were slapping together as we strained for release. Then, I felt it building. She must have been right there too, because she started wailing "Oh yeah, Oh yeah, Oh yeah." Her body tensed as I shot my first spurt deep into her. My eyes closed and my head went back in the ecstasy of orgasm with this young married woman. I thought she was going to break my prick as she repeatedly impaled herself on it, squeezing the last bit of pleasure from me.

She was still shaking from her orgasm as she ran out to collect our clothes and the towel. Returning to where I was standing dazed, she stood up on tiptoes and lightly kissed me. "Quick, put these on. But don't worry, it's a long trip and a big lake. We'll have other chances."

I was just buckling my belt and ready to step out from the trees when I heard a canoe grind onto the shore. I squeezed her hand, then we separated and stepped out to meet our companions, whoever they were.