 It was an August night, and the air was calm and warm. Troubled by a surprising turn of events in my life, and too hot to sleep well, I had this dream: 

The place in which I came to awareness I did not recognize, but it seemed to be a blend of several beautiful places I have been. I was on a small, tree covered island like the kind in the Discovery passage in British Columbia. The air there is cool and sweet smelling and there is a feeling of isolation, but nearness to civilization provides a sense of safety, too. Across a small channel, snow covered mountains rise steeply out of the water. There is a small sandy beach in a cove on the island. When the sun hits at the right angle, the beach seems to be made of glistening gold. The sun is approaching the right angle now. As in Canada, large trees, escaped from logging rafts, litter the beach, providing some cover from the breeze that occasionally rises. The sand on the beach is clean and unmarked by footsteps. 

I assume I got here by using the canoe that's been pulled out of the water. 

You are here, too, and when I look at you, I notice that your beautiful skin is glistening from the exercise of paddling the canoe. You're wearing a tight white tank top of the style you often wear and which makes you look very sexy. Part of the sexiness comes from your exposed slim, strong arms. Some splashes of water have soaked the white cotton; the resulting translucence reveals tantalizing parts of your skin beneath. You have on a pair of blue shorts, short enough to reveal you well-muscled shapely legs. 

We're making a camp and as I start a campfire, you are arranging the sleeping bags. We must not be married in this dream, because you haven't zipped the bags together and I 'm disappointed that you haven't. I'm wearing a wedding ring, though. 

When you bend down to adjust the sleeping bags, I look through the building fire as the bottom of your ass peeks out from the leg openings. I can't help but stare; I've dreamed about your ass before. It's the perfect ass, from my perspective. I think about cupping your buns in my hands and feeling their firmness as I squeeze them. You seem to be wearing some blue french cut style panties. The seams of the panties are clearly outlined as your shorts stretch taut. I can tell they're blue because I'm straining to see more of your skin. 

What I've seen already makes me yearn to see it all. You notice me looking at you and smile.I blush quickly and smile back embarrassed, but your eyes take that away. My heart pounds and my blood flows quickly and I can feel my cock swelling and turning. I blush again and quickly add more kindling to the fire, avoiding your eyes now. You stand and walk over to the fire and crouch next to me, putting your arm in mine as I poke at the flames. A dizziness comes over me for a moment and I roll from my crouch onto my butt. With our arms tangled, you fall too, but roll onto my chest. 

We both laugh genuinely and our eyes catch each others for a long moment and I wrap my arms around you. Your arms are on my shoulders and one of your legs moves between mine. You turn your head and put your ear on my heart. "You're heart is pounding," you say softly. "It's full," I reply. I move my hand the cradle your head and run my hands through your fine, dark hair, and notice a long exhalation escapes your lips. I caress your head. I can feel your breasts pressing into my chest. 

The sun is at the proper angle now, and we are golden on a golden beach under an orange and peach sky next to an orange and pink and blue gray sea. Our breathing and the sound of little wavelets breaking on the beach are the only sounds. 

The scent in the air is intoxicating, a blend of trees, ocean, your Devil's Workshop oil and you, and it has liberated me from my fears. There is nothing to fear here. I think about rolling you on your back and you sense that and roll with me. Above you now, I look deep into your eyes and see the message there. You close them and I move my lips to touch yours. They are smooth and soft and warm and slightly open. 

There is no awkwardness as our lips meet this time. The small magics that have marked our relationship happen again as the tips of our tongues dart to meet each other in the space between our teeth. Our timing is perfect, and something tells me it will be throughout this night. We kiss like this for many moments, like we have been saving up kisses for a long time. Our mouths and tongues are dancing together somehow, alternating between a hard, fast dance, and a slow, smoldering one. 

We roll in the sand, putting one of us on top and then the other. Our bodies are pressed together now and I decide that some of your clothing has to go. I fumble with your tank top, but its lack of buttons frustrates me. I can't get it over your head and keep on kissing you, so I stop trying for a moment and settle on slipping my hands up the back of it and touching your back for the first time. 

Every new area of skin my hands explore flashes into my mind. 

You've slipped your hands up the front of my shirt and are caressing my chest and my abdomen. My cock strains in my pants when your hand brushes the hair between my navel and my crotch. Your fingertips dart slightly inside the waistband of my pants, dangerously close to my cock, which has arranged itself in a straight up fashion. A shudder goes through me, and we stop kissing and come up for air. I laugh and you do to. 

This time, you roll me on my back and sit straddling me, your knees on either side of my waist. I look up at you against the golden sky which fades to a glittering darkness near the eastern horizon and you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen, in the most beautiful place I have ever been. I notice that, if neither of us had clothes on, my cock would be pressed between the labia of your pussy. It's obvious that you know that too. My hands go up to cup your breasts through your tank top and when I do, your roll your head back and close your eyes and release a deep sigh. Your nipples are soft when I first touch them, but I can feel the aureoles tighten and your nipples lengthen. 

"You know I'm sensitive there," I hear you say, "It's a sacred thing to me to let someone touch my nipples." 

"They're sacred to me too," I say, suddenly realizing that its the first thing I've said in this dreamworld. You look at me thoughtfully for a moment, an then your hands grasp the bottom hem of your top and begin pulling it up. You do it somewhat slowly, maybe because you're a little indecisive about it and maybe because you're teasing me. Probably both. I realize I am analyzing the situation and decide to try to just live through it. 

I watch carefully as you pull the shirt up. Each inch of revelation lifts me somehow. It heightens my tension and passion. The bottom of your breasts come into view and then the bottom of your nipples and then you stop for a moment. I realize that you are teasing me now. You have a mischievous look in your eye and a sly smile. You continue pulling at the shirt, revealing all of your torso and as your hands go over your head, your breasts lift and the slightly hardened nipples harden a little more. 

My hands are on your hips and your hands go to them. Lifting them and placing them on your breasts and I know that you are giving them to me, for now. I appreciate the gift, caressing them, squeezing them gently, avoiding the nipples for now. I put my hands back on your hips for a moment and sit up. 

You help me pull my t-shirt off and I lie back down. From your astraddle position, you lean forward and lie your chest on mine and I bury my chin on my chest to see your nipples touch my skin and then your breasts compressed against my chest. You are kissing my neck now and nuzzling my ear and I have again wrapped my arms around your back. 

For the moment that's all I do, savoring the feeling of our chest pressed together. My head is spinning as I look up at the darkening sky and the emerging stars and I have the feeling that your body and mine are melting together. Our mouths meet again and we kiss energetically for a few moments, then your raise up on your elbows. Your breasts hang beneath your chest and your nipples, which are now quite erect, dance along my chest. For a moment, and with minimal help from me, our nipples touch each other, and I get a feeling something like a mild electric jolt, like sparks have jumped between us. 

I roll you onto your back and we continue kissing. You come up for air and sigh deeply. I take that as a cue and begin kissing your neck and your ears and eyes and chin and cheeks and move down to your shoulders and collar bone and near your underarm. You throw your arms over your head and I kiss your underarms and your sides and your breasts and your belly and your navel and below your navel. I run my tongue across your flat belly. Still, I avoid kissing and sucking your nipples. I'm saving them for later. 

My hands go to the waist of your shorts and unbutton the top and lower the zipper slowly, kissing the skin that is revealed. Licking it. I feel you raise your hips off the ground and I pull your shorts down below your knees. Your panties are blue, I notice, and they have and open sort of weave in the front panel, so I can see your black pubic hair beneath. My breath catches and I let out a little gasp of air. I feel your hand on the top of my head caressing it and guiding it at the same time. I nuzzle the front of your panties through the fabric, licking at it and pulling it with my teeth and I feel little shivers go through you. I slip my hands in the waist of the panties and draw them down slowly. You raise your hips again and I slip the panties down with the shorts, then pull them both off. You lift your legs and point your toes as I remove them completely. I've risen to my knees as I do this, twisting around backward to remove the clothes from your legs. 

While I'm turned toward your feet, I feel your hands on the button of my pants. You manage the button, you slip three fingers inside my waistband to hold it while the other hand frees the button. The backs of your fingers touch my cock, which has been sticking out the top of my pants for several minutes now anyway, and more electricity runs through me. Your fingers slowly lower my fly and my cock springs out, glad for some room. You hand encircles it, gripping it on the shaft, and jerking it gently. I make a sound something like purring and your hand cups my balls hanging loosely below. I can feel my pubic hair crinkle and fold as it is squeezed and some mysterious muscle tows my balls around in their sac. You release it and Iower my body onto yours and arrange myself between your legs. Our hips begin grinding our genitals together in an instinctive rhythm and we kiss some more, somehow with a little more passion than before, although that seems impossible. 

When our lips part for a moment, I resume my journey down your beautiful body to your pussy, kissing and licking and nipping at you as I go. When me head is between your strong legs, I bring them up on my shoulders, wrap my arms around them, pinning them to the sides of my head. My hands are in the small of your back now. I kiss your pubic hair and lick at your outer labia through the black tangle, gradually sharpening my tongue to a point that probes between your lips to the wet flesh inside. You taste great and my tongue probes down to the opening of your pussy, pushing in a little way. Then I flatten it and lick up toward your clit and find its little bump. My tongue dances lightly there for a moment, until your hand finds the back of my neck and guides it in a little harder. I increase the pressure a little and then dive back down to the opening and dance my tongue around there a little. You flatten your back to give me a better angle and I plunge my tongue in deeper and more insistently, then withdraw it and dance it around a little in the space between your pussy and your anus. I forget the name of that place. 

I consider going a little farther, but decide to save something for the next time. I trace a line with my tongue that leads back to your clit and I linger there for a few minutes, starting the rhythmic movements I hope will set the stage for your orgasm. 

You are very wet now and your hips are moving in a circular fashion and your hand is gripping the back of my head now, forcing it into your pussy. I can feel the mixture of my saliva and your lubrication on my cheeks and the tip of my nose. My tongue keeps on darting and licking. Your breathing is getting rapid and shallow now and the grip you have on me with your legs and your thighs and your hands is very tight. The air around my mouth is hot and wet, but I keep going. Then I feel a little shudder or tensing that tells me you are very close to coming, so I stop my tongue and lay it flat against your clit, leaving it there for a few moments motionless. 

You don't want to come yet, either,so you pull your clit away from my face for an instant and press it back in, keeping yourself on the edge or orgasm, dancing along the edge of it. 

I feel a tug on my hair and I take it as a signal that it's time to stop what I'm doing and move on to something new. So I crawl back up to you arms and rest on my elbows looking into your face, which is glistening with the exertion and passion. Your arms go to my sides and I feel them slide on my skin on a layer of perspiration. A cool breeze sends a chill through me and it feels good. My cock is throbbing and it's pressed between your labia again, the head of it pressed between our bellies. I can feel your legs wrapped behind my knees. 

Looking down into your eyes, I see that I'm touching you is some deeply right way. Your arms swings out and gets my shirt. You use it to mop at my wet face and then toss it away. We kiss some more and my tongue is in your mouth. I feel you raise your knees and my cock slides along your pussy until the head of it is at the opening. You're so wet that guidance is not needed. I move my hips a little and the head of my cock slides a little way into your pussy. The warmth and wet and pressure on my cock again send my head spinning, but I slide it in a little more. Your breath catches and your eyes close lightly and your neck tilts back. You wiggle your hips a little and I slide my cock in a little more and a little more and a little more until I feel my pubic bone press against yours. 

I start moving rhythmically and you match the rhythm and we move like one person with two bodies. Our mouths are locked together and the tempo increases I reach down and put my arms under your knees lifting them and the better angle lets me slide in a little more, until there is no more cock to slide in. I wish I could slide my who body in and I try to, but of course it doesn't work. We move together, at different paces, from different angles for what seems like forever. I feel a buzzing starting in my balls and slow down and stop for a while, leaving my cock to pulse and throb inside your pussy. 

I arch my back and move my lips down to your breasts, cock still resting inside you. I kiss your left nipple and lick around it and suck at it, until it is hard and erect in my mouth. Then I move to the right nipple and do the same, only this time I blow little puffs of air at it, cooling it and tightening it further. When both nipples are hard, I lower my chest onto them trying to line my nipples up with yours and then bringing them together again. I can feel their wetness on my nipples. 

I start moving my cock again and I use a different angle that lets me rub your clit with my pubic bone while I'm fucking you. Together, we keep a rhythm that slowly increases. I hear your breath quicken and catch again and I sense that you are near orgasm. The buzz in my balls tells me that I am to. We're fucking hard now, with a frantic rhythm and a thrusting thats hitting the right parts just right. And we are both gasping and wimpering and moaning. My head is right along side yours and my face is buried in your hair. The fragrance of you and the night and the place is washing over me. All I am is sensation . 

You are bucking beneath me and panting until you suddenly stop completely. Then your legs tense and your stomach tenses and your eyes clamp shut and your hands are clutching at my back. You seem to be trying to pull me completely inside you by squeezing me between your thighs. My hand goes to your nipples and pinches them gently. The strength in your legs seems about to break me, but I am tensing too as soon I think you are coming. The only sound seems to be the pulsing of the blood in my ears, but that is broken as you cry out and hug me tighter than before and squeeze me more tightly with your legs. 

I feel my balls tighten and my cock pulse and my leg muscles and my ass tighten and then my cum enter my cock. I stop moving for a moment and the rush comes over me. Everything is automatic now. My prostate gland tightens and a spurt of come rushes out of me into you, followed by another and another, and another. I feel the muscles in your pussy contract and squeeze me, milking me. 

I look at your face and you are lost in pleasure as wave after wave of your orgasm hits you. My hands are on your beautiful ass now as it spasmodically tightens and relaxes until finally you stop bucking. I feel your soft lips on my ear, planting a gentle kiss there, but my eyes are clamped shut as the spasms in my cock and chest and legs subside. My lips find your ear and nibble it and whisper: "I love you." I hear you sigh again and you stroke my slippery back. After a few moments we crawl to the sleeping bags. 

It was hard to zip them together in the dark.