 I met John online maybe six or seven months ago and we have become very close friends over those months. At 42 he is 21 years older than I am, but we still have found so much common ground that I found myself one day realizing that I had fallen in love with him. At first it was a shock to think that I had fallen for an older and very married man, but then I became depressed because I felt that this love was something that I could never pursue. 

My desire for him and my need to simply be loved finally drove me to marry a man who was really less than what I wanted out of life. Although he is a good man who loves me and means well, my husband just isn't John. And he constantly resists my need to have a baby. In our most intimate moments he always denies me at the very last second by pulling out of me just as he comes, leaving me craving so the many needs that a woman finds satisfied in her lover's embrace.

One of the things that had kept us apart was the three thousand miles between us. John's life in Fort Lauderdale was far removed from my world and that distance had served to insulate us from each other.

The breaking point in my marriage came on the morning when I wanted my husband to make love to me and he had already gotten up and into the shower. I thought that I would surprise him and make love to him in the flowing water so I stripped off my night shirt and my panties and made my way to my man. As I turned around the corner of the shower stall there stood my husband masturbating. I was horrified and fascinated all at the same time and couldn't bear to watch...and couldn't force myself to look away. I had found him in the final throes of his efforts and the grimace on his face would've been funny in any other circumstance. 

But it was just depressing as I saw his seed erupt onto the tile and then flow down the drain. My heart sank as I thought of how many times he must have satisfied himself this way instead of giving me his love. And his child. In all of our brief marriage he had only come in me twice. The tile got more of him than I did, I thought. To add insult to injury, I was ovulating and today would have had to have been the day.

I faked it well. When my husband went out the door I wished him well for the day and told him that I loved him and that I'd see him that night. He had no sooner left than I got on the web and found a flight to connect to Fort Lauderdale.

Seven and a half hours later I was checking in to the Westin Fort Lauderdale. I'd left a note for my husband telling him not to worry and that I'd be in touch soon, I just had something I had to do first.

I settled in to my room and worked up my courage to make the call. I dialed John's number four, maybe five times before I let it ring. 

"Hello?" 

It was him, it had to be. Here I was three thousand miles away from home hoping to see a man whose voice I had never heard.

"Is this John?"

He paused, almost knowingly.

"Christie, is this you?"

"Yes."

He launched right into a soliliquy about how wonderful it was to finally hear my voice and how he had dreamed that I would call him someday. We eventually got into a conversation that covered a lot of the same territory our e-mails had covered in the last half-a-year. The whole time we talked I felt like a love-struck teenager pining away for the fantasy boy. All I could think about was my being so close to him.

"This sounds like a great connection we've got here. You'd think you were just across town and not a continent away!"

John had broached the subject first so I figured it was my turn.

"I am."

He caught his breath.

"Christie, where are you?"

"I'm at the Westin Fort Lauderdale on Corporate Drive. Room 414."

"Christie..."

"John, I've waited for you for a long time, how much longer are you going to make me wait?"

"I...uh, I'm on my way."

Click. The line went dead as he hung up and I wondered what was next. I spent the next forty-five minutes wondering what to do, the place was already clean so I didn't need to do that. I decided to really put myself together and I got out my black satin teddy and then made myself up and sprayed on a light perfume. As an afterthought, I turned down the sheets.

Anticipation has the remarkable effect of turning a handful of minutes into a lifetime and I reflected on my life so far as I waited for John. One miserable childhood. My first relationship a fiasco. My marriage a failure. And here I was, a married woman, waiting for John, a married man.

knock knock.

The sound on the door was so quiet, almost hesitant. I got up from the bed and walked to the door.

"Here goes nothing!" I said it to myself as I undid the chain and turned the knob and opened a new chapter of my life.

"Ohmigod, Christie, you're beautiful!"

He stared at me and I stared back, getting my first look at a man who I only knew by his words. He wasn't Harrison Ford, but he had a charming smile, a nice suit, and a dignified salt-and-pepper hair that lent him a certain sophisticated charm.

"John, you look wonderful to me!"

I rushed into his arms and he took me up and we kissed the fervent, fevered kiss of lovers denied their desires for far too long. He picked me up and carried me back into the room and laid me down on the bed.

"I've dreamt of you so many nights, Christie. I never thought this day would come that I'd get to see you."

His jacket came off.

"I can't believe that it's you!"

His tie came off.

"I'm so glad you're here, John, I can't even begin to tell you how much I've wanted to see you!" 

I felt a tear roll down my cheek as his shirt came off to reveal a broad chest and a modest little pudge for a belly. He was handsome and cute all in one package. He sat down on the bed and kissed me as I sat up to meet his embrace. In our kiss he fumbled for the laces on my teddy while I fumbled for his belt. 

We broke our kiss for a moment as we giggled and stood up together. He leaned down to kiss me again as he undid the laces on the teddy and it fell in a satin puddle at my feet. My teddy was shortly joined by his shoes, socks, pants, and the most charming plaid boxers!

I couldn't believe it. I stopped to ponder the moment and realized that I was naked with a man whom I really didn't know at all. I was ready to give him everything and I could ask nothing in return. Would he leave his wife for me if we did this? What if he didn't? What if he did? 

He drew me close and I felt his cock rub against my belly as his hands explored my body. 

"I love you, Christie."

"I love you, too, John."

It was the simple exchange of a furtive commitment to each other's heart that made me finally surrender myself completely to him. He pulled the sheets back and motioned for me to get into the waiting bed. His hand was in the small of my back as he guided me into the crisp sheets. Just feeling his hand there, protecting and guiding me, was one of the most erotic moments of my life. 

I scooted over and he cuddled in right behind me, his arms wrapping around me and keeping me close to his warmth. 

"Mmmmm..." He kissed my neck and I stretched to expose it to his eager lips. He nibbled my earlobe and a chill rushed though me. His hands sought my breasts and I caressed them as John made himself familiar with my body.

He turned me onto my back and he buried his mouth onto my chest. His kisses and nibbles were wonderful and the magic of his tongue on my nipples sent little waves of pleasure coursing through my whole body. 

He gasped when my little hand found his hardened cock and I kind of enjoyed the power that it gave me over him. It was larger and longer than my husbands' and it was definitely harder than I was used to. 

"Oh, gawd, Christie...oh..."

He took me a bit by surprise when he got up on top of me. I guess that I hadn't expected it to happen so soon.

His warm body pressed me into the mattress as he eased his weight onto me. One hand kneaded my breast while the other held the back of my head as if to keep my lips in position for his own. It was a kind of domination and I willingly surrendered to it! Here I was for the first time in my life being loved by a real man who needed me so much that he was taking control of me. At this point, I don't think I could have stopped him even if I'd wanted to.

Our bodies must have been made for each other, I thought. He pushed my legs out with his thighs and I soon felt his cock push against my moist slit. He teasingly rubbed it over my pussy and I felt the heat in my loins rise up to demand his body. I spread my legs further and he wasted no time accepting the invitation. 

It was sheer heaven as John stroked himself into me. His cock drove deeper with each thrust as it forced my body to stretch to allow him in. I couldn't believe it when his cockhead plowed up against my cervix where I'd never felt a man before. He rested himself inside me and I gloried in the sensation of his cock being in me deeper tan I had ever felt a man in me. It was like I was giving him what was left of my virginity. His balls rested heavy on my ass and the feel of his hairy sack on my cunt lips tingled me in such a magical way.

With a deep kiss and a drilling of his toungue into my mouth he began to stroke his tool into me with an almost precise sense of timing and motion. We made love like this for only God-knows how long before I felt a fury rising up from inside me. I held him as tight as I could as I was wracked with the most exquisite orgasm of my whole life! Expertly, he fucked me deeper and slower to prolong the ecstasy that became so intense that it was almost agony! I honestly don't remember if I screamed or not while enraptured by his ministrations to my carnal needs. I think I passed out.

When I came to my senses he looked down at me,

"How was that, sweetheart? Did I make you happy?"

All I could do was look at him with a silly, almost drugged grin.

"Mmmm-hmmm!"

He kissed me and I felt him thrust into me.

"Good. I had to take care of my girl first, didn't I?"

He buried his face into my neck and began to pump me harder and deeper and faster. My lover had somehow suddenly turned into this fucking machine between my legs and it was almost scary. I was just beginning to get a little uncomfortable from his pounding when he drove himself as deep as he could into me.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHGGGGGGGHHHHHH!!!!!!!!"

He pounded into me with a few sharp strokes and then I felt his cock swell inside of me as it poured his come into my willing womb. He made a few more furtive strokes into me and each effort was rewarded with another gout of his sperm into me. The sheet was soaked with our mingled juices as we lay there in our reverie.

It was truly wonderful. It was the moment of my life where I most felt like a woman. I'll never regret it.

* * *

A year has passed since that day and I'm still married. So is John. We still write to each other, and we sometimes dwell on what we shared that day. 

Someday I'll have to go back to Fort Lauderdale and share our son.