 When the rain came down in torrents we were caught by surprise. Because we were closer to the campsite than the car we kept going, even though the waves were already coming over the bow of the canoe. With the double whammy of spray and rain, we were soaked so quickly that it didn't make any sense to put rain gear on; we couldn't get any wetter. 

So we kept paddling, exerting ourselves to put this behind us and also to keep warm, pausing to bail only when the water lapped over our shoes. The cold air that came with the rain would have quickly chilled us to the bone if we hadn't been working so hard, but we were making progress against the wind chop, and we could see our destination even if it seemed like it was taking forever to get there.

I have to admit that our destination wasn't the only thing I was looking at. Kristin, sitting in the front seat was a very pleasing sight for my habitually horny eyes. The rain had soaked through her t-shirt and shorts and I could see the color of her skin through the material. I couldn't help imagining what she must have looked like from the front. Each time she dipped her paddle in, she turned just enough for me to see the silhouette of her right breast and my cock was struggling to find its way out of soggy material that kept it captive between my legs. I would have reached down to free it, if only for comfort's sake, but the wind didn't allow me to let down my guard even for an instant.

When we arrived, we were two wet, miserable, human beings but at least there weren't any other campers there. Not being first to arrive and reserve the site would have been a bitter disappointment—insult added to injury. Our wet clothing made it necessary to keep moving, so while the rain kept coming down we hurried to empty our gear out of the canoe. Then we placed it upside down at the water's edge. 

I have to tell you that Kristin's breasts were clearly visible through her t-shirt—just like I'd been thinking. I could see the areola of her breasts and her nipples as if she was naked. I tried not to look; I settled for hoping she didn't see me look. But I could see Kristin noting the direction my eyes were looking. At least she wasn't getting angry, maybe because her eyes were wandering too, checking me out.

We hurried to get the tent out, arranged all the stakes and poles around, and with after some false starts managed to set it up. We worked well together considering we hardly knew each other except for camping club meetings on campus. 

The rain was still falling steadily. I was so cold my feet were dancing from my shivering. I have to give it to Kristin, she pitched in and was as much help as anyone could have been, and she didn't complain. She accepted her share of the responsibility for the course we had taken and for the way it turned out. It really wasn't our fault. Everything looked sunny when we left and there was no hint in the sky of what was to come.

Once the tent was erect, it was with relief that we threw our gear in and crawled in after it. The so-called three-man tent was just right for two. "I'm so cold I think afraid my teeth are going to shatter from the chattering." 

Kristin answered, "I know. Me too, and my arms are so tired from paddling I can't raise them over my shoulders." Kristin strained unsuccessfully to pull her tank top off but it was like it was glued to her. "Arrrrgggg! I can't get this damn tank top off. Will you help me?"

I was cold but not too cold for my interest to be aroused. "Sure," I said, "but you realize I won't be able to not look, don't you?"

"Oh? Like you weren't looking already?"

Some questions are best left unanswered. Kristin had her open gear bag in her lap and was pulling stuff out, looking for a towel. I reached over and grabbed the straps of her tank top and tried to pull it off, over her head, but the material was glued to her skin. Finally I grabbed the bottom and skinned her like a cat. This pulled her so close to me, I couldn't help but give her a brief hug, while she worked to pull a dry sweatshirt up to her chest--so quickly, I almost didn't see her breasts.

Almost.

My shorts were itchy and my tighty whities were wadded up in my crack, so I shucked them as soon as I finished helping Kristin. My cock was so small from the cold, it hardly seemed necessary to ask permission. I took a towel out of my gear bag and started to rub myself down vigorously so after a while, instead of shivering I started to tingle. Kristin took my lead and started to rub herself down too, not showing her breasts off, but not exactly hiding them either. 

Suddenly the sun peaked out from the clouds and the sides of the tent glowed like stained glass. In the warm brown light Kristin was such an erotic sight, it made my little winkie began to grow. I was squatting on my haunches so it didn't stick out, much. Wouldn't be noticed, I hoped.

"I tingle all over," Kristin said.

"I know what you mean. It's like when you roll around in the snow after a sauna. Everything is supercharged."

"I don't know about that. But I've gone skinny dipping on New Year's Eve. I bet it's the same: torture, then ecstasy."

"Wow! You must have been ripped."

"Sometimes, but not always. It's a family tradition."

"Oh."

Suddenly the rain came down again, so loud we had to shout to be heard. "It's good to be in here now," Kristin said.

"You're right. It's kind of sexy, isn't it?"

Kristin looked up at me. I could see a million questions flashing through her mind. "It's going to be a while before the rest of the gang get here, isn't it?"

"Tell me if this isn't what you mean," I reached out, took a breath and then slowly stroked a hand down one of her perky breasts, seeing the goose bumps surrounding her areole. Kristin arched her back to thrust her breast at my hand, glorying in the feel of my calluses as they stroked the broad outline of her tits. Her nipples responded to my stroking and before long her areola had puckered up and been consumed by her nipples which stuck out proudly. She smiled. It felt like a beam of sun hitting me. These marvelous breasts had responded to me by becoming erect and now they were rampant. The way they tingled under my touch and the way Kristin's back arched to press against me told me all I needed to know. Kristin wasn't shy. "I saw your cock reacting when I dried off my tits." She looped the towel over her back and rubbed it back and fourth against her head, drying her hair, which made her breasts dance and bounce. It was like a kneeling dance under the low dome of the tent. 

She was right about my cock, but I hadn't been as hard then as I was now and I had high hopes—hopes that were confirmed when she reached out to find my cock. Reacting to her stroking of my erection with her fingertips, I arose from my crouch to thrust my cock toward her hands while I ran my hands up and down the length of her torso from hips to shoulders, terrain flying as it were. I liked the way she didn't make a big deal out of negotiating or making sure I would respect her. 

Somewhere along the way we leaned together, tit to tit, and the rush was immediate--almost too much to bear. We hugged. We further tested our cardiac health by rubbing nipples together, dancing a skin dance of chests. Our blood pressure had to be through the roof.

Naturally my lips found Kristin's and her lips nibbled mine back and my tongue snaked out of my mouth to explore hers. Of course, this brought our hips together and my cock rejoiced in the contact with the hair of her mound. Soon our lips grew slippery and wet, sliding against each other, and we had a frenzied spell of trying to devour each other and it was good.

I would have been content to linger at this point but Kristin took the initiative. She pushed me down on the ground, supine on my back with my legs slightly spread. She pushed my knees farther apart to kneel between them. I hoped I knew where this was going and, yes, she dipped down and found my cock with her lips. 

I stopped breathing as her tongue played with my cock-head while her fingers curled around my balls, her nails pressing into my scrotum. My balls were in an uproar. Yes, they were! 

I was thinking it would be my turn next when she crawled forward, straddling my hips with her thighs, and put my cock in her pussy without a single misstep. I had already figured out that she was experienced, but until now, I hadn't realized how adept. I let her have her way until I felt the beginnings of an orgasm I didn't want to have quite yet. 

Pushing her hips with my hands, I rolled over and took a position between her legs. "Let me have a minute to worship at the alter," 

"Huh?"

"The altar of Venus. The alter where lovers come to pray homage." I said as I bowed down to her vagina and ran my tongue up its length with a swift deft move. The way her hips heaved made it clear she liked this. She dug her heels into the ground and thrust her sex up against my tongue, anxious for more.

"Is this alright?" I asked. 

"Shsssh," she growled as she pressed her sex against my tongue. She couldn't get enough of it. 

"Fuck me. I'm ready." I ignored her and tried to calm down. I backed off and started to run the tip of my tongue around the outer lips of her vulva. Her hips seemed to have a life of their own but I demanded to be in control and when she got wild, I punished her by pulling back. 

I couldn't help noticing how her labia had swollen up and forced her pussy more and more open. I turned sideways and started to suck her labia into my mouth while my tongue flicked her clitoris. Each time my tongue pressed down on her little clit her whole body jerked, starting with her pussy and radiating out like waves from a stone thrown in water. Her legs kept trying to capture my head but my arms were in position to prevent her. 

"Oh, please, please, please! PUT IT IN!" she cried. I responded by running the flat of my tongue up the length of her trench. I started at her asshole and slowly licked up, pushing her inner labia apart until I reached her clitoris. Now I took my fingers and gently pulled her clitoral hood back so I could see the little man in the canoe, who was standing up. 

I put the tip of my tongue on the little fellow and she gasped and tried to pull my head into her vagina. I pulled back hard and put the tip of my cock directly on the little nub and started to rock my hips. Her hips immediately picked up the rhythm. She kept trying to pull me in but she was so excited she couldn't even control her own self.

It's fun to tease a cunt (I mean the organ, I would never call a woman a cunt). But it gets to be sadistic after a while and I like to think I'd never carry it that far. Besides, my rigid cock wasn't all that content to wait either. It just took a little hitch as my cock slid up toward her clit and suddenly the head of my cock was softly encased in hot velvet. 

For a while I delighted in pulling out and pushing in—just enough to bury my glans penis—making sure the head rubbed her clit before it reentered. 

A lot of guys think a cunt's ready to fuck as soon as it's lubricated. I know this because I've inherited a lot of their ex-girlfriends. Me, I think a cunt is ready to be fucked when I can get five fingers in. I like to insert the tip of my cock and then stroke her clitoris with four fingers. I love to feel my greasy cock as it slides past my fingers and into her core hotness. I love to make her scream and come with utter abandonment.

It didn't take much of this before I could feel myself reaching an orgasm. I wasn't ready, yet. I figured I'd be good for two orgasms and I figured we'd probably have the campsite to ourselves until evening. So I pulled out and said, "Why don't you get on top again for a while?"

Kristin immediately crawled up into position and lowered herself onto my cock. The red glow of the sun through the tent's canvas made my shiny wet cock look purple. Maybe it was. 

When I was still in high school, just trying to figure out what it was all about and loving anyone who was willing to love me back, I had the mistaken impression that a vagina was a hole. Okay, I guess it is a hole, but not really. What it really is is a strong circle of muscle. It is capable of squeezing down on a grain of rice and just as capable of opening wide enough to allow a child to pass through, into the world. 

What I love about a cunt is the way there really isn't a hole there until your cock forces its way in. And all she has to do is clench her muscles and she can expel you from paradise. You can push all the way into a cunt and then stir the pot with your hips as the base of your cock mashes the loose lips out of the way. The most wonderful feeling of the world is the hot, wet, lubricated flesh inside a pussy as it is pushed aside by an erect cock, like a boat pushing aside thick water.

With Kirsten astride me, I was at pains not to allow her to take me out of my game. For a while I insisted on using just the tip of my cock to plow her clit and labia, and ducking in for a quick bath from time to time. This made Kirstin mad with passion, but I didn't want to burn her out so I grabbed her hips and held them still while I slowed my pace, pushing in slowly and finally allowing myself, my cock, to penetrate until it was all inside and there wasn't any more to push in. Then I'd rock back and forth, enjoying the feeling of her wet pussy muscles squirming out of the way of my cock. Her labia and clitoris were so swollen that I could feel them compressing under my pubic bone and this sent hot spikes of pleasure down my cock and into my balls.

I squeezed my legs together and this pushed my balls up against her saddle and everything was so wet down there that I could feel them sliding around in our juices. 

When I first get an erection, it is as hard as can be with a graceful curve toward my navel. When I walk with this state of hard-on, the tip bounces against my belly. But when I fuck a girl with deliberation, my cock becomes less hard in time, but gets fatter and fatter, and it's a lot more sensitive then. This is the state of cock that makes possible some of the impossible positions of the Kama Sutra that seem impossible for a cock that's standing up.

At some point I lost myself and stopped calculating. Maybe it was because Kristin was a willful piece of work. She put up with my machinations when it suited her, but there came a time when she just couldn't hold back any further. 

I first became aware of it when she started to sound like a locomotive, chugging with every thrust. Then she took control and ran away with it. All I could do was hold my butt off the ground, pushing my cock into her as far as it would go while she went wild on top of me, fucking me faster and faster. I thought to myself that it was lucky the rest of the kids hadn't arrived. It would have either been quite embarrassing or we would have had to cool it. As it was, I wondered if they could hear us from the other campgrounds around the lake.

About half way through this flurry of passion I felt my balls working up to an ejaculation. Not yet! I thought and started to think about mopping up the store. I envisioned pouring the detergent into the mop bucket and adding hot water. Then with each stroke of her ass on my cock, I imagined pushing the head of the mop along the floor. That way, I was able to keep from coming.

Eventually Kristin slowed down. She looked down at me and wondered, "Didn't you come?"

"Not yet."

"God, what control. You're not . . . ah . . . you don't have a problem coming do you?"

"Nothing like that. I just like to make sure I make my partner come a couple of times before I indulge myself."

Kristin started to rock back and forth slowly. "Turn over," I said.

I kneeled between her legs and crawled forward until the tip of my cock was against her vagina again. I grabbed her heels and lifted them as I spread them apart. I pushed my cock forward, watching the head as it zeroed in on the black hole that still yawned open below her clitoris. Slowly my cock-head disappeared into her. Then, using her legs as a handle, I stared to work her around my cock, slowly, with deliberation. At first she was putty in my hands, but soon she was unable to stay still and her hips fought me for control of her pussy, which wanted to go crazy again. 

I was ready to be a little more up-beat, but not the way she wanted to. I pushed one of her legs down to the ground, still continuing to hold up the other. Carefully lifting a leg over I crawled up into the crux of her legs until I clamped her leg between mine with my cock so snugly up inside her that I could grind her cunt lips with my pubic bone. This put a great deal of pressure on our genitals and as I pulled out and pushed back in, it was excruciatingly pleasurable. Kristin reacted to each little thrust and wiggle as if she'd been prodded with an electrode. 

I ran my fingers between her legs until they found where we came together and found some lubrication, then I started to rub our juices into her pink little A-hole. I could feel her thigh muscles clenching and releasing as I slowly worked my finger into her nether chute. I had her weighed down with my ass sitting on her lower thigh, but this didn't stop her from lifting me off the ground as she became more and more agitated.

It was hard to think, but I finally decided that the day was still young, so instead of allowing myself to come when I felt my balls beginning to let loose, I rolled over on my side, pulling her with me. I almost lost her, but was able to keep the tip of my penis inside her. Then I just lay there while I stroked the tip of my cock through her pussy lips with the tips of my fingers. 

Kristin lay there as if slain, but I knew she was still living, because each time I pushed the side of her clit against my cock with my fingers, I could feel it spasm. I started to strum her clit with four fingers and her hips started to spasm in the same way and pretty soon her spasms coaxed me into fucking in and out of her pussy again. I thrust with slow, long strokes for a while but it was so hard keeping her under control and she was getting to be so frantic as her head went back and forth on her neck and her screams became more and more frantic that I finally allowed myself to let go. 

If you delay gratification in this way long enough, your cock's feeling begins to diffuse throughout your body. Carried to the ultimate extreme, as I did with Kristin, pretty soon the great feeling that you associate with your penis and fucking begins to resonate throughout your body. So when I finally allowed my balls to empty themselves into Kristin's womb, it was a total orgasm of the mind, body, and soul.

Usually when one finally has an orgasm, one turns to ask, was it good for you too? I figure if I've done it right, I don't need to ask and I didn't ask Kristin. I was perfectly certain that she'd had the fucking of her life. Frankly, I'm not certain Kristin could have answered, anyway. She just lay there for the longest time, quivering. Of course, I wasn't in much better condition. A classic purgation of the emotions leaves one drained. The mind's blood is all pooled in the sexual organs and thought flees. Only slowly do the wits return. That's how it was with Kristin and me.

But eventually, inevitably, Kristin opened her eyes and started to take in our surroundings—the orange glow of the sun through the canvas, the heat of the sun in the now cloudless sky, our soggy clothing and semi-dry sleeping bags and me.

"What are you?" she finally asked.

"A man," I answered.

"And how," she responded. Then she threw herself upon me and started to devour my lips with hers. I hugged her and allowed her to have her way with me.