 This story is a sequel to a Marine's experience on the Isle of Capri. In this story Walt continues his adventures with his Italian friend Paolo and has other erotic experiences. These experiences take place in the Naples, Italy area (Napoli, Amalfi and Capri). Walt also has an opportunity to travel with a new companion and visit other beautiful cities and beaches in Italy. If you didn't read the previous story just note that this took place in 1960 – 1961 and it was very much an era of condomless sex. Enjoy!

*

MARINE BARRACKS NAPLES ITALY

Life in a spit and polish outfit like the security guard detachment in Marine Barracks, Naples, Italy can be pretty boring. The duty is day on, day off and weekend on weekend off. When standing guard duty (4 hours on and 8 hours off) the eight off hours are spent sleeping, working on gear, shooting pool or working out. I usually worked on my gear and worked out in the small gym. Even on days off when I wasn't standing guard the day was consumed with training exercises, classes, barracks cleanup, inspections and quite often honor guard duties. I was fortune enough to be gifted with athletic talent and I played softball, basketball, volleyball and touch football in the inter-service leagues. Playing ball really helped relieve the normal doldrums around the barracks.

Liberty didn't start on our days off until 1700 (5:00PM) and only lasted until midnight. One could apply for overnight liberty and that would last until 0600 (6:00 AM). Most guys only did that when they wanted to get laid in Naples. My routine was to eat in the mess hall first, grab a quick workout and then either go to the enlisted man's club or stay in to work on my gear. Sometimes I would take in a movie. I even went to a couple of operas in Naples not that I understood them all but it was pretty cool wearing dress blues and mixing with Italian royalty. I actually saw Don Giovanni, Aida, Tosca and the Barber of Seville. 

I avoided the bar girls and the bars on the hill as we referred to them as I was determined to save as much money as I could for travel and some of the finer things that Italy and Europe had to offer. There was one working girl that I would see occasionally named Pia. She worked at an upscale bar that mostly officers hung out in. The drinks were about four times as expensive as any other bar so I would nurse mine for as long as I could. The bar always had entertainment which I enjoyed while waiting to close the deal with Pia. She was a pretty dark haired 25 year old Italian girl. She wore her silky hair down to her shoulders and stood at about 5'4" and weighed just over 100 pounds. Pia had small firm breasts with great hard nipples that she loved to have sucked. She had a narrow waist and a cute round bottom. Pia was not into anal sex but I still loved fucking her pussy from behind. I saw Pia mostly in the winter months and never more than twice a month as she was special and she was expensive by call girl standards. 

Paolo and I still got together and my weekends off during the rest of the summer. It was great gong to Capri for the weekend and staying for free at his cousin's hotel. Sometimes we struck out trying to seduce girls but then there was always Paolo. He loved to suck on my big cock and have it shoved in his ass. One time we did invite one of his gay friends back to the room so that Paolo would have someone to suck his cock or fuck. His friend sucked my cock while Paolo fucked him in the ass. Then I fucked Paolo as the two of them sucked each other off. I was always guaranteed to get my rocks off when I traveled with Paolo and it was great that he was bi-sexual since we always went for the girls first.

I didn't see that much of Terry and Chris since our initial encounters at Capri. It was really more of a hassle since they were still fucking my marine buddies and they had to juggle them along with their husbands. One time they had a free weekend and they traveled to the lovely town of Positano on the Amalfi Coast. Paolo and I met them there and we spent the days sightseeing and the nights fucking. Paolo and I fucked Terry and Chris a couple more times and then it just tapered off. 

Other times I journeyed down the Amalfi coast and stayed at Paolo's home. His parents were wonderful gracious people and they loved having me for a guest. Paolo's mother was a fantastic cook and I had some of the most delicious meals at their home. I always brought gifts for Paolo's mother and father and they were most appreciative. Paolo and I were on our best behavior when I stayed at his home and there was absolutely no sex. Occasionally when we were out, Paolo would find a secluded cove and give me one of his signature blow jobs. 

ART'S SPECIAL REQUEST

At Marine Barracks we had two platoons. I was in the second platoon and my best friend Art had been assigned to the first platoon. The only time we spent together was in the barracks working out or working on our gear. Once and awhile we would go on leave at the same time. The best time that we ever had together on leave is when we went to Munich, Germany for October Fest. We had a blast.

Art one day came to me with a special request. His step-mother was going to visit him in Naples while she was touring Europe. She would be in the area for about two weeks and Art planned to show her around. On the days that he was pulling guard duty he wanted to have someone else escort his step-mother to dinner and places of interest. Even though I had no idea what to expect I accepted Art's request, after all he was my best friend and it was only for two weeks. 

I met Art's step-mother the first weekend that Art showed her around the city of Naples. They stopped by the building where I was standing guard at AFSouth (Allied Forces Southern Europe). It was not busy on Sunday so it was easy to meet with them without being disturbed. I was totally surprised when I saw how young and pretty Art's step-mother was as I had suspected someone to look more like my own mother. Veronica or Ronnie as she preferred to be called was only 34 years old, 12 years Art's senior. She was very fit and obviously worked hard at keeping herself in shape. She had auburn shoulder length hair and by today's comparison she would have resembled the actress, Elizabeth Hurley.

I found Ronnie to be an educated pleasantly engaging woman and I actually looked forward to spending time with her over the next several weeks. The first time we would be together would be Monday evening, then Wednesday evening and then the weekend Friday evening, Saturday and Sunday. Monday we would have dinner and then make plans for the rest of the week. 

Art and his mother left and headed into Naples. I watched as she walked down the steps in the front of the building and got into her rental car. I still could not believe how good she looked as Art had never prepared me. As attractive as I found her sex with this sophisticated woman was the furthest thing from my mind. She was Art's mother after all.

Monday liberty call came and for the first time in months I did not eat at the mess hall. I took a taxi downtown and met Ronnie at her hotel. She had made reservations for a very nice restaurant along Via Marina and we had a table over looking the Bay of Naples. We had a wonderful dinner and drank a couple bottles of wine as we made plans for the week ahead. Ronnie wanted to visit the Amalfi coast on the weekend and we decided to spend time in the Galleria on Wednesday evening. I told Ronnie about my friend Paolo who lived in the Amalfi area and that I was sure that he would be willing to be our guide. She was thrilled and after dinner I called Paolo and made the arrangements. Paolo insisted that we come to his house for dinner Saturday evening after our day of sightseeing. So it was all arranged. I escorted Ronnie back to her hotel and said goodnight and told her that I would see her Wednesday around the same time. I then took a taxi back to the barracks.

Once back at the barracks I checked in with Art and told him how it went and what we had planned. He was pleased that the evening went well and again thanked me for escorting his mother while he had duty. I turned in as tomorrow was early to rise and prepare for guard duty.

Wednesday got here very slowly and I was relieved when it did. I once again skipped the mess hall and headed downtown in a taxi to meet Ronnie at the hotel. We walked from her hotel to the Galleria which is full of specialty shops and restaurants. We ate casually that evening, eating dinner in one place and then having an Italian pastry in another. Ronnie loved the little shops and she was impressed with my linguistic skills. I told her that I loved the language, it came naturally to me and that I had plenty of help from Paolo, his family and the Italian counterparts who stood post with me. As we were walking through the Galleria Ronnie flinched a couple of times.

"Is everything all right?" I asked.

Ronnie blushed and replied, "Yes but I haven't gotten used to these Italian men pinching my behind."

I laughed and told her, "You should be flattered it is a compliment and they only pinch bottoms that they find attractive."

"Well I think that I have had enough flattery for one evening," She said with a giggle.

We both laughed and continued our exploration of the Galleria. Later we stopped at one of the cafes for coffee and then I escorted Ronnie back to her hotel. Once again I took a cab back to the barracks and reported to Art on the enjoyable evening. I turned in that night anxious for Thursday to pass quickly and for my weekend with Ronnie to arrive.

THE AMALFI COAST

Friday finally arrived and at liberty call I headed downtown to meet Ronnie and take the train to Sorrento. Paolo and his father met us at the train station and took us to their home. As usual Paolo's parents were pleasantly engaging and Moma served up a marvelous meal. After dinner we sat around and finished our wine as Paolo's parents got to know Ronnie better. Ronnie didn't speak Italian and Paolo's parents spoke very little English so Paolo and I served as interpreters and we had a fun evening.

Later we turned in and due to the cramped quarters I had to spend the night in Paolo's room and bed. Of course his parents knew nothing of his sexual orientation and they didn't suspect anything. Ronnie was given the spare bedroom. In bed that night Paolo quietly sucked my cock making sure that he drank down every drop of cum as to not leave any tell tale signs on the bed sheet.

The next day Paolo's father drove us along the Amalfi coast. He insisted that Ronnie sit in the front and Paolo and I sit in the back so that Ronnie could have a better view of the sights. He narrated everything as we drove the winding twisting roads as Paolo and I translated t for Ronnie. We stopped in the popular towns of Positano, Maiori, Praiano, Ravello and others along the way. Ronnie was in awe of the scenery and the charm of the Amalfi region.

After a full day touring the Amalfi region we returned to Paolo's home for another wonderful dinner. After dinner Ronnie and I took the train back to Naples. As the train rocked and traveled slowly along the tracks Ronnie cuddled up to me. I instinctively put my arm around her and she snuggled in close to me. It must have been a combination of the wine and the romantic charm of Amalfi because Ronnie started to nuzzle me and run her hands over my chest. One hand dropped in my lap and she discovered my raging hard-on. She caressed my rod through my trousers and I was afraid that I would cum in my pants. The thirty minute train ride seemed more like five minutes. We took a taxi back to the hotel and headed straight for her room. I knew that I was headed down a slippery slope but at this point my dick was doing the thinking for me.

Once inside the room our clothes came off in record time and lay scattered on the floor as we flopped in Ronnie's bed. I immediately went down on her but she pulled my head away from her pussy.

"I'm ready, just shove that big cock in my cunt," Ronnie screamed.

I was taken back a little by Ronnie's language and urgency but I did as she asked. I moved between her legs and slid my rock hard cock into her pussy. She was dripping wet and my cock went in easily though the fit was snug. I pushed my entire cock into her sopping pussy.

"Oh shit you're big. Oh yeah, fuck me, fuck me good and hard," Ronnie cried out.

I was taken back again with her language and her apparent desire for raw sex. I smiled to myself and wondered what happened to that sophisticated lady that I spent the previous four days with. I soon had my cock sliding in and out of her pussy with long steady strokes. I kept my cock in constant contact with her clit and I had her moaning, groaning and thrashing on the bed.

"Oh God this is going to be a quick one. Oh God hold me please hold me!" Ronnie cried out as her body lurched up at me.

I held onto her tightly and continued to pound my cock into her. Her body trembled and shivered as she was overcome with a mind blowing orgasm. I went right on fucking her as her body spasmed and quaked with the intensity of her climax. Ronnie wrapped her legs around my torso and humped herself on my cock in a state of frenzy. I felt her nails dig into my back but she did not rake or scratch me for which I was silently thankful. Ronnie drenched my cock with her female juices and then she collapsed back on the bed. She lay still as I continued to fuck her and drive toward my own ejaculation. Ronnie sensed that I was getting close and she urged me on. Then she surprised me again with her request.

"Don't cum in me. Cum on me, pull out your cock and shoot your spunk all over me. I want to watch you shoot," she yelled.

As she requested when I felt my semen travel from my balls through my scrotum I pulled it out of her pussy. I knelt between her legs and aimed my throbbing dick at her tits. The first rope of cum landed on her face and hair. The second, third, fourth and fifth ropes landed on her neck, tits, and abs. It was the first time I had ever done anything like this and it actually was kind of exciting in a perverted way.

"Oh yeah, look at it all. Spray me, cover me in your cum," Ronnie cried out as she spread my spunk all over her body rubbing it in to her skin.

She was quite a sight this lady, who was sophisticated in her outward appearance, as she reveled in being cum covered. Ronnie worked the semen into her skin and licked her fingers clean. She realized that I had stop shooting so she scrambled down the bed to take my cock in her mouth. She sucked every last drop of cum from cock and then licked her lips displaying her satisfaction.

My cock stayed hard and Ronnie kept sucking it. Then she pulled her mouth off of it and asked, "Are you going to stay hard and cum again?" I nodded yes and she smiled adding, "Ah youth is a wonderful thing."

Ronnie kept sucking my cock and she clearly had done this many times. She took me as deep as she could, occasionally testing her gag line. She swirled her tongue around my cock while it was buried in her mouth then she used the tip of her tongue to toy with my pee hole. In almost record time I was ready to shoot again and Ronnie knew I was close. A few more sucks and then she took my cock from her mouth and she stroked it rapidly as she aimed it at her face. 

"I cumming," I announced as the first jet hit her forehead.

Several more jets of cum hit her face, eyes and nose. Ronnie used my cock to spread my seed all around her face and then she would take it back in her mouth and suck it clean. She repeated this action until all the semen was scooped up from her face and my cock was sucked clean. My cock softened and Ronnie eventually released it from her grip. She flopped back on the bed and lay on her back as she stared up at me.

"That was great. I haven't had sex like that in a very long time," she sighed.

I lay down next to her and stroked her firm tits with their hard nipples. For the first time that night I really looked at Ronnie and assessed her body. She was beautiful and well toned. At that moment she still glowed in the aftermath of her intense climax. I tweaked her nipples gently, rubbed her abdomen and teased her clit as we lay together. My cock grew to a semi-hard state and Ronnie stroked it with her hand.

"You are very blessed you know," she said as she slowly stroked the entire length of it, then she added, "Of course I have been blessed tonight as well."

She continued to slowly masturbate my engorged dick until it was rock hard again. I started to move between her legs but Ronnie rolled over on all fours and presented her backside to me. I moved between her legs and eased my cock back into her pussy. Ronnie gasped as my cock entered her snug pussy for a second time and she lowered her head to the bed as she arched her shapely ass. I began to fuck Ronnie from behind and as I did I massaged her curvy ass. My cock was getting moist from her pussy and I scoped up some of her juice and lined her anus with it. Ronnie tensed at first and then wiggled her ass in response. I took that as I signal to continue playing with her ass and I eased my first finger lubed with her cunt juice into her rectum. Ronnie cooed aloud at the anal penetration.

"Do you want my ass too? I would love for you to fuck my ass but I need a lot of lube for your monster," Ronnie asked and the directed, "There is lotion in the bathroom."

I scrambled off the bed after pulling my cock from her pussy. I couldn't believe my good fortune that she asked me to fuck her ass. I located the lube and returned to the bed. I squirted the lotion into Ronnie's asshole and then massaged in well thoroughly greasing up her hole. After pouring an ample amount of lotion on my cock and added my saliva which made it extremely slippery. I lined the head of my cock up with Ronnie's asshole and pushed it gently in. The sphincter opened easily and the head popped in. Ronnie put a hand back on my leg to slow the penetration and then she guided the action from that point. I continued to press forward each time adding another inch or half inch of cock into her ass. It seemed like a long time but I eventually had the entire length in her ass.

"My you certainly know that someone is in your ass when you're in there," Ronnie gasped.

I slowly fucked her with long slow deliberate strokes. My cock would almost leave her asshole and then it would disappear as I pushed it all the way back in. Ronnie was breathing hard and I reached down to finger her pussy while I butt fucked her. Her hand was already buried in her pussy so I returned to massaging her shapely ass as I watched my cock slide in and out of her stretched aperture.

"When you are ready to cum take out your cock and aim it straight at my asshole. Then after you shoot put it back in my ass and push your spunk in with it," she said in a sultry voice.

I fuck her ass hard as my hips slapped into her ass cheeks causing them to jiggle slightly. My cock was rock hard and I could feel the early build up of another orgasm. Ronnie was using her anal muscles to squeeze my cock as it was imbedded in her ass. On the verge of cumming I pulled my cock from her ass and aimed it right at her dilated asshole. My body tensed briefly and then I fired another round of spunk this time hitting her asshole as she had asked.

"Oh yeah that's it I feel it. Cum on me, cream pie me," she yelled in reaction to my ejaculation.

My spunk bounced off her anus and most of it trickled down over her pussy lips. Some of it gathered around her asshole and then I pushed my cock back in her ass. As I penetrated her rectum again I pushed a small amount of semen in with my cock. Ronnie then milked my cock dry with her anal muscles draining every drop from my pecker. My deflated cock slipped from her asshole and I watched as she squeezed more cum out of her ass. Ronnie kept clenching and unclenching her anal muscles pushing my spunk out of her ass. It was a very erotic sight to watch cum ooze out of her asshole and trickle down over her pussy lips and run down her inner thighs. Ronnie rolled over on her back and I flopped down beside her. We were both exhausted so we just lay quietly together for several minutes before Ronnie finally spoke.
