 I went to the nearby Outrigger Hotel and checked a room to settle in for few days until the training sail with the tri-delts got underway. In the afternoon I caught the bus down to the shopping mall and bought a few new shirts and shorts. A new pair of shoes and a stop at the barber had me ship-shape again after cruising from Tahiti. Felt really good to get cleaned up after the passage.

I checked email again on the wireless and the delts had sent a message with the name and number of the sponsoring professor from UofH. Apparently, the professor would be coming along on our trip to San Francisco with the students. The professor was named Jean and I gave her a call to introduce myself and talk about chores to get underway. We made dinner plans for tomorrow evening at the Outrigger. She said she would call me when she got close and that she had long blond hair so she would be easy to recognize. Jean sounded nice on the phone - real friendly - young. I slept like a baby that night recovering from catnaps on the trip from Tahiti.

I waited in the lobby as Jean stepped out of the car at the valet. Woahhhhh... Jean forget to mention that she had a smokin' body. The blond hair was down to her shoulders. She was slim but stacked - at least D-cups. Her red Chinese silk dress showed off her ass too. I felt my dick stiffen as she came through the door. I smiled big when we met and shook hands. I think maybe she felt something too because she was smiling and had a hint of a blush to her cheeks. I could not believe my luck that I would be spending three weeks on the boat with this hottie. I could just imagine how she would look in a bikini.

We had a good dinner and talked about the upcoming trip but there was just something that kept us laughing. I can't put my finger on it but we really hit it off. We had a bottle of wine with dinner. Jean offered to pay for dinner and I let her. Still, I wasn't ready for the evening to end so I offered to walk Jean down the beach for a look around. Jean felt something too and agreed and said maybe we could find a place to get a night cap later.

Jean was sending strong signals that she wanted more than just a walk... as we went down to the beach she had pulled in close and expected that I wrap my arm around her - I felt we were moving pretty fast. God - there was just something there... I just knew I was going to be fucking this woman sooner or later.

After we walked to the beach Jean really knocked me over by asking if perhaps we could have that night cap in my room... damn... that's gonna work. My dick went to stiff on that note and I let her know it by closing in for a real embrace... and a warm kiss... what a classic... standing in the shadow of the Duke Kama ma statue in Waikiki pressing my hard-on into her belly as she mashed her big tits into my chest - we could not walk fast enough to get back to the hotel room.

I stood next to the bed as Jean began unbuttoning my shirt... she kissed her way down my chest as she slowly dropped to her knees... Jean unbuttoned my shorts and eased them down past my hard-on. Ummmmmm she purred as my dick sprang up popping my belly. Jean eased me down to the bed and tugged my shorts off... she leaned forward and began sucking my cock looking up at me with lusty eyes. She knew what she was doing... she wanted me to fuck her for a long time - and being smart like a professor - she knew that sucking my first load would make me a much better lover for my second, third, and forth loads. It didn't take long... Oh yeah, ohhhhhh, fuuuuuuukkkkkk mmmmmeeee - ahhhhhhhh - I know Jean felt my dick swelling as my balls lifted... My belly convulsed as she locked her mouth on my dick... the tip of my dick was purple from her suction and I warned her... ummmm Jean here it comes baby - which caused her to press her head forward for one last pull - uhhhh, uhhhh uh my cum erupted into her mouth. She let a white drip trickle down her chin and swilled the rest as she smiled knowing her turn was cumming.

While I recovered Jean stood at the foot of the bed and unzipped her dress. The red silk slid away exposing her black bra with those fucking huge tits and then her black panties... stepping out of the dress she reached behind and unhooked the bra... easing the straps down and letting the cups fall away from her huge knockers. Her nipples were to die for - they were big and round almost an inch long sticking out from the tit. Jean squeezed her tits and then eased her panties down... she was shaved.

I beckoned her up onto the bed coaxing her foreword until her pussy was just over my mouth. She was silent as she pushed her hips forward to my tongue... ummm she was creamy... I love that musty pussy smell. I never get tired of tasting a woman's cream either - and Jean did not dissapoint... I licked her clit out of its hood and it was hard. After some more licking it was clearly engorged and protruding. I was able to get my lips and tongue fully around it sucking as her hips began to gyrate... I reached up and tweeked her nips which made her shudder - I kept working on her clit as her pussy drained its cream down onto my chin. I was in heaven. Soon - her hips began working in unison with my tounge - her hips pumped her clit into my mouth as Jean began to grind... I could see her getting short of breath as she supported herself on the headboard. BAM - Jean convulsed sucking her pussy back into her gut, BAM, another convulsion as her pussy just drained into my mouth - holy fuck... I've got to be on a boat with this hot piece of ass for three weeks? I may not make it through.

After Jean eased off my face and slowly recovered she told me that she had a hard time finding boyfriends and she had not cum like that for years. I felt the same way... I could not wait to roll over between her legs and sink my dick into her sopping pussy - and it was as good as I expected. We fucked for hours. Back and forth, and again and again - I shot my sperm up in her pussy and she asked for more. I gave it to her again and again and finally she was spent - drifting into slumber naked and dribbling cum from her pussy onto my hotel bed. Damn she was hot. Her big tits hung off the side of her chest and decided to suck on a nipple as I drifted into slumber.... What will tomorrow bring?