 Authors Note: This is my seventeenth story and it’s a re-counting of actual events that took place just a short time ago. Thank you to everyone who has sent me their feedback, criticisms, comments and so on. I appreciate all of it and all of you!!!

****************************

Travis and I had been living together for over a year and a half and while our sex life was still very enjoyable and relatively active, there is only so much two people can do to please one another. We found ourselves thinking of new positions to try, new ways to get each other turned on and in the mood. 

I’d tried anal sex with a couple previous partners and while I had never found anal sex to be better than vaginal sex I did find it relatively enjoyable if it was done properly. Travis and I had tried anal sex a couple times and finally one night when I was incredibly horney we had a long anal fuck fest that culminated with him cumming in my ass, one of the most intense sexual experiences of my life on both a physical and emotional level. 

A week or more later I had hurt my back and was basically confined to bed rest for the day. I was bored out of my mind at home alone all day so I grabbed a book of erotic stories I had and read through some of my favorites. I was getting more and more turned on and did something I hadn’t done in ages…I reached for my vibrator. It’s smaller than Travis, about 7” long and only about 1” thick, but it’s almost the perfect shape and size for my tight pussy and it always gives me incredibly intense orgasms. 

I turned the vibe on and simply ran it along the outside of my pussy as I read, getting hotter and hotter with every passing second. I ended up turning the vibe as high as it could go, shoving it as deep as I could inside my pussy and just holding it there, letting the vibrations work their magic as my finger rubbed my clit until I came in an explosive orgasm. 

I lay in bed spent and forgot all about putting to vibrator back. Travis found it covered with my cum on the nightstand when he got home from work that night and asked about it. I told him I’d been bored and had gotten myself off using it. He just grinned at me that sexy, wicked grin of his. 

He ended up taking me to the emergency room for my back that night and while we were waiting for the doctor I mentioned to him a fantasy I’d developed after my vibe play that afternoon…double penetration with him and the vibrator, one in my ass and one in my pussy. 

From that day on we used the vibe a couple times in foreplay to help me get more excited and to help open up my tight pussy before he fucks me so I can last longer without getting sore. 

The other night, though, my fantasy finally came true and it was more fantastic than I ever imagined!

The night started out like any other. We went to bed and began cuddling, kissing and fooling around. I reached for my vibe and lube and let the lube slide down along my clit and slit and handed the vibe to Travis so he could tease me a bit. 

After running the vibe along the outside of my pussy and getting me all worked up he began sliding it back and forth along my slit and up to my clit. I was loving every second of it as he teased my aching pussy and grinned at me. 

I was getting more and more turned on, hotter than I had been in ages and asked if he would be willing to give my fantasy a try. He said he’d be more than willing so we decided that because of the curve of his cock doggy style sex doesn’t work very well that he would take my ass and I would use the vibrator on my pussy. 

I got on all fours on the bed and stuck my ass as high in the air as I could. He started with a small anal toy we have and eased my tight asshole open before he lubed it up and began to slowly work his cock in and out, pushing in a little more every time. 

As always it felt incredibly tight, at first somewhat painful but the key to good anal sex is to be so turned on by the time the guys cock starts to enter you that it all just feels good, even the pain. 

Once he’d worked his cock all the way inside my ass I asked him to stay still deep inside me while I got the vibrator ready. I turned it on low and rubbed it around my clit and slit while he started slowly fucking my ass. 

I was already so far gone that I soon asked him to just hold himself inside me again while I worked the vibrator into my pussy. As usual it slid right in, but this time I felt the pressure of Travis’ cock in my ass pushing the vibrator into a slightly different position than usual. 

I turned the vibe on and had Travis start fucking my ass slowly again. I was in heaven! I held the vibrator deep inside my pussy with one hand and rubbed my clit with the other as Travis began to rhythmically fuck my tight ass. 

In between my moans of pleasure I asked if he could feel the vibrations and he said, “Oh ya! Do you feel full?” and all I could do was moan. 

When Travis would pull back the vibrator would move to its ‘usual’ position in my pussy, but when he would push his cock deep into my ass it would push the vibrator up against my g-spot and the sensations I was having were earth shattering! 

My orgasm didn’t take long. I was being assaulted with incredible sensations from my clit, my ass, my pussy and my ever sensitive g-spot and within moments my body was shaking and writhing with the incredibly intense orgasm. 

I cried out incoherent sounds and words as my entire body shook…I shoved the vibrator as deep as I could inside my pussy and clenched down on it as Travis continued to shove his cock in and out of my ass. I ground my finger against my throbbing clit and let the intense orgasm wash over me again and again until my clit was just too sensitive to touch. 

I removed my finger from my now too sensitive clit and let the vibrator slip from my soaking pussy. Travis continued to slowly fuck my ass for a minute or so more before removing his cock and jacking off all over my ass and back. 

It took me at least ten minutes to come down from my orgasm and I snuggled into bed next to the man I love knowing that was something I definitely wanted to do again!