 Author's Note: This is a five part story and, although each part might be read without reading the others, reading all parts gives a little better understanding of the whole story. I wish to express my profound thanks to Literotica's most gracious (and lovely) Copperbutterfly for her time and effort in editing these stories to make them more enjoyable reading.

*

Five weeks had passed since I first met Ellie DuPont and then her friends. Now on Saturday morning, as I performed my daily cleanup chores I was wondering if I would be able to snag an itinerant party for a day cruise when my cell phone rang. 

I flipped it opened and said, "Hello. Captain Cooks Cruises. Captain Cook speaking."

"Hello, Tom. This is Ellie DuPont."

"Good morning, Ellie. It's nice to hear from you. How are you?"

"I'm great. I was wondering if you're available today?"

"Yes, I am. What can I do for you?"

"Well, the girls' husbands wanted to check out where we've been spending time on these cruises so ... if you could take on the seven of us, we'd like some sort of cruise today. We'll settle on the course after we arrive, okay?"

"Yes, ma'am, that would be fine. What time do you think you'll arrive?"

"I don't know but probably about one or two o'clock."

"I'll be waiting."

It was not without apprehension that I waited though. I thought through all kinds of scenarios from the husbands accused me of screwing their wives all the way to facing guns held by the three men. It wouldn't be too difficult to be shark bait before nightfall.

However when they did arrive about 1:30, I was introduced to David Gettys, John Davis and Marcus Rockefeller who seemed to be very cordial ... at least for the moment. They were a little surprised that my little boat was so well outfitted. It wasn't the staterooms that impressed them but the size of the galley and the well equipped bar in the main salon.

They finally agreed on a triangle with the first leg southeast about three hours, then west for two hours and north to harbor for another four hours. The men seemed to prefer using the salon and settled in, helping themselves to the bar while I set up our cruise on the computer. Ellie, Trudi and Martha all picked out spots on the aft deck and watched me work the boat out of the harbor.

I had to admit to being nervous with four lovers onboard at the same time and three of them with their husbands. I guess my nervousness must have shown because a couple of times, one of the ladies whispered, "Don't worry. Everything will be all right." I finally was able to settle down.

The men convinced the women to join them in a card game in the salon, requesting a platter of sandwiches from me, plus beer and soft drinks. To my chagrin they fired up ugly old stogies that soon filled the salon with cigar smoke and a really bad smell. However these were men used to having their own way.

I spent most of my time at the pilot station but popped into the salon every 15 minutes or so to see if they needed anything. The men changed to harder drinks by late afternoon but at least they didn't get drunk. The ladies gradually, one by one, dropped out of the game and usually came up to the sun deck to get some fresh air.

Early in the evening, everyone agreed to my suggestion that I grill them some steaks and have baked potatoes and salad for dinner. They didn't know that the potatoes were actually pressure cooked but tasted baked. The steaks were grilled on an electric grill inside the galley but with crafty seasoning, tasted as if they had been cooked over charcoal. Almost everyone complimented me on the dinner.

When the sunlight began to change on the homeward leg, the women insisted that their husbands spend the remaining time on deck with them watching the natural light show and taking in fresh air. I secretly got a kick out of watching the men squirm with impatience.

We motored back into the harbor and docked right at 10 P.M. with the last of the sunlight fading fast. The ladies gathered their things and scrambled up the gangway but the men turned to me at the last minute. John handed me an envelope and said "Here you are, Captain. The women said this should cover the cruise fee."

I flipped quickly through the bills and replied, "Yes, sir, this is fine."

Marcus took a step toward me and, lowering his voice, said, "Listen, Captain, this sea breeze and sunset stuff is not my thing but my wife seems to love it. I know she's already booked your ship for one day a week through the season. That's great because she had been much easier to live with since she's been going on these cruises. Keep up the good work and if you need anything to keep her happy, give me a call and I'll see that you get it ... within reason, of course. Understand?"

"Yes, sir, I think so."

David softly chimed in, "Same goes for me, son."

John stuck out his hand and pumped mine enthusiastically, "Yes, Captain. Same thing for me. Life's been a hell of a lot better around the house now that Claire gets out on a regular basis. Keep her happy and I'll be happy. Let me know if I can help you out. Thanks for everything."

All three men pumped my hand vigorously and then strolled up the gangway to meet the women.

I went down to the salon to start cleaning up but threw myself at the bed in the master stateroom, thinking, "Hot damn, muth-er-fuck-ing son-uva-bitch!!! I am the lover of four of the country's richest society women and appear to have the blessing of the three with husbands. Can you spell cuckold?"

And then another thought came to mind, one that I had not really considered before: Thank the Lord for older women. How wonderfully fine they can be. I now know I love them!

Thus the season passed with at least Tuesday, Thursday, Friday and Sunday of every week filled with a cruise with one of my wonderful ladies ... except for one week when they had to go to New York for some fancy ball and I missed all of one Sunday. I picked up a transient customer about 40% of the open days to help fill in, although my mortgage and other bills were more than paid by the handsome fees the women gave me.

On three occasions, all four women booked a day trip together and they kept me hopping screwing all of them on the same voyage. Those trips were strictly for their pleasure and there was constant laughter and story telling ... or story reliving, in many cases.

True to their word, the husbands did not appear again. The only thing I heard from them was very late in September, as I was planning to close up for the season and sail to the Caribbean for the winter. One day one of their chauffeurs appeared with a box for me. When I got it to the salon and opened it, I found a box of illicit Cuban cigars and a magnum of Dom Perignon. 

There was also a note that said, "Dear Captain Cook, Thanks for a job well done this season. Our wives are all extremely vocal about how great your cruises have been. We appreciate the effort you have put forth to make our wives happy this season and wanted to let you know how much more enjoyable our lives have been as a result."

"It is with some trepidation that we all anticipate reconsolidating our families at our winter homes for the season. We understand that it is your practice to migrate to the south anyway. However we all (the three of us and I'm sure all four of the ladies) look forward to seeing you at the start of next summer's season here on the cape. Please plan to continue booking the daily cruises for our wives at that time."

"In the meantime, if there is something that you would like to add or change about the boat, please use this check as a token of our appreciation for all you have done."

It was signed by all three of the husbands and a check was clipped to the back, a check with two numbers and three zeros before the period! Wow, what an unexpected event! I didn't have any qualms about taking their money. 

I regretted having to leave, mostly because I was leaving my steady supply of sweet pussy. I could only hope to find some in the tropical paradise where I would be spending the next six months.(past experience told me that would not be a real problem either). And see what I had to look forward to when I came back for next season! Life on the open seas was looking pretty good!

End of Story