 Author's Note: This is a five part story and, although each part might be read without reading the others, reading all parts gives a little better understanding of the whole story. I wish to express my profound thanks to Literotica's most gracious (and lovely) Copperbutterfly for her time and effort in editing these stories to make them more enjoyable reading.

I had spent the entire winter in the Caribbean operating principally out of Port-au-Prince but taking charters wherever I thought there was good money. I missed out a few days but stayed reasonably busy and made enough to keep up the payments on the boat, pay for my living expenses, and put a little aside in the bank for my future.

With the tourist trade easing in the islands in early May, I reprovisioned my boat, purchased and stepped a new mast to replace one that had developed a hairline crack in the base, and paid my last mooring fees. At the beginning of the third week of the month, I set sail through the islands, up to the Atlantic coast of Florida and thus along the coast to the cape.

When I arrived about 3 o'clock Sunday afternoon, my slip was waiting for me and the harbor master greeted me like the friend that he was. I bought him a beer and we caught up on happenings from the winter. Then I walked the short distance to my little house and started the process of opening and airing it to make it livable again.

It wasn't until Monday morning that I went down to the Post Office to collect my mail. Most of it was junk mail – ads for this thing or another – with a couple of small bills thrown in and a letter in a little blue envelope with the soft scent of some sort or flowers. There was no return address.

As soon as I got back home, I opened the blue envelope. It was a little note from Ellie Dupont asking me to give her a call as soon as I was back and settled in. She wanted to take a cruise as soon as possible and she would be bringing a guest. That made me wonder if she had found a serious male companion over the winter.

I decided it might be a little early for her so I puttered around the house for a while. Then when I took a break for lunch, I pulled out my cell phone and called her. 

"Hello, Ellie. It's Tom Cook."

"Oh, hello, Captain. It's so good to hear from you."

"You, too. I got your note."

"Oh, yes! I had almost forgotten. I was wondering when you would be available for a first cruise this season."

"Well, I just got back yesterday, but I'm ready any time you'd like."

"Good. How about tomorrow?"

"That will be good. I'll plan to see you and your guest at the marina at ... noonish?"

"That sounds good. We'll see you then, Captain."

That was good. Even if I had lost a lover, I hoped to maintain my income with the regular cruises for the ladies. That certainly would make my life easier.

Early the next morning, I went down to the local market to stock up my galley with fresh steaks, potatoes, salad ingredients and a number of other foods. I even had to hire one of their bagboys to help me carry my purchases to the boat.

After stowing everything in the galley, I went topside and got out the high pressure hose and washed down the entire boat, knocking off the accumulated salt from the previous week's trip up the coast. Then putting the hose away, I got out the brass polish and polished up all of the metal fixtures. By the time I finished, the boat was looking brand new.

I had just stowed my cleaning supplies when I heard Ellie hail me from the dock.

"Hello, Captain."

"Hello, Mrs. DuPont. It is good to see you," I said, coming around the side of the cabin. I stopped, not a little surprised. Instead of being accompanied by a man, her companion was another woman – a younger woman.

"May we come aboard, Captain?"

"Oh! Pardon me. Yes, please. Let me help you." I scurried to the gangplank to offer a steadying hand. As soon as Ellie was on the deck, I turned to her beautiful companion and offered my hand.

"Welcome aboard."

"Thank you, Captain. I've heard a lot of good things about your cruises."

She was a beauty! I guessed she was in her late twenties, maybe early thirties. She had long blonde hair, the kind that might or might not be real, a fabulous face, breasts large enough to push out the darts in her white blouse, a wonderful round ass that seemed alive when she walked, and long tanned legs that seemed to go up to her throat. She was obviously physically active, with enough muscle tone in those legs to give me an image of a very mobile tennis player.

"Only good things, I hope."

She laughed, the sound of music, "Yes, Captain. My mother has told me only good things about you."

"Oh? Then you're one up on me because she didn't tell me about you."

She laughed again. "I'm Mom's only daughter, Sammie – Samantha – van Roth."

"Oh? Married, I guess."

"No, Captain. Divorced.  We didn't exactly get along. It was stormy while it lasted and then we decided to go different directions."

"I'm sorry about that, Mrs. van Roth."

"Please ... call me Sammie. I hate that Mrs. thing, especially now."

"Okay, I'll try to remember, Sammie. Let me show you around."

Ellie had been waiting quietly but with a smile. She gave an approving nod and followed us around the boat. We ended up in the cabin, where I showed Sammie where she could stow her bag and make herself comfortable while I went back on deck to get us underway.

I had cast off, backed out of the slip and motored about halfway to the breakwater when the ladies came back on deck. Both of them were wearing string bikinis that showed their assets nicely. I couldn't keep from getting a hard-on almost immediately.

Sammie came over to the cockpit and watched, checking all the gauges and instruments, asking a few questions. She said she was familiar with smaller sailing vessels but not one with so many "bells and whistles." The automatic winches for the various sails intrigued her as did the autopilot. I gave her a quick rundown on how the autopilot worked, based on the course set into the computer, taking into consideration the conditions of the sea.

As we neared the mouth of the harbor, she took a towel and went up on the cabin deck to lay out in the sun. With Ellie on the other side, Sammie picked the side just in front of the pilot's station and lay on her stomach watching our progress, a position that suited me just fine. It left me looking right up between those luscious long legs of hers into the small green patch of material that covered her most secret place.

A quarter-mile out into open seas, I flipped switches that began setting canvas and the big cat heeled over a bit as the wind bit into the sails. I noticed Sammie drop her head to rest on her crossed arms and assumed she was dozing off. Ellie was in a similar position but I noticed her eyes watching me, a lazy smile on her face. I wondered what she was thinking.

A little bit later as the autopilot jibed to keep running into the wind, I noticed Sammie pull the strings that tied her bikini. Then she rolled over onto her back, leaving her naked body exposed to the sun. I stared for a few seconds and then had to turn away in an effort to take the pressure off the crotch of my shorts.

When I looked back up, ostensibly to verify that we were still running clear, Sammie had spread her legs in a scissors shape, opening her baby's butt bare pussy to my gaze. I lifted my line of sight and saw her looking at me.

"Captain, when my mother told me about you, she told me ALL about you."

"Oh?"

"Yes, I know the kinds of services you provided to my mother and her friends."

"You do?"

"Of course I do. Would you be interested in giving me the same kind of services?"

"If ... if you would like," I stuttered.

"What would you like, Captain?"

"I would like to taste that," I said, nodding toward her pussy.

"Why not?" she asked, scooting down on the deck toward the pilot's station. She stopped with her pussy just inches from the lip of the cabin deck.

By bending just a little, I put my forearms under her legs, lifting her body toward my salivating mouth and let the tip of my tongue taste her wet folds. She tasted sweet/tart and smelled even sweeter, like the beginnings of a season's magnolia blossoms – good enough to eat.

I sank my tongue into her depths and thought she was going to smother me immediately. Her strong thighs clamped around my head, effectively shutting off my air supply. Fortunately it only lasted a few seconds, not enough to disrupt my tongue's exploration of her inner delights.

When she released her thighs, she had a handful of each of my ears and she began to "scrub" her pussy with my face, as if she were washing clothes on an old-fashioned rub board. I relaxed and let her move me however she wanted, contributing my extended tongue in whatever direction she moved. Several times I was aware of my tongue lapping at her clitoris while at others my tongue was buried inside her while my nose nudged all around her clit. Within the span of just a few minutes, she shuddered several times, either in orgasm or just from the pleasure of the moment. It didn't really matter because it seemed to be what she wanted – and needed.

Sammie began tugging harder on my ears. I thought she wanted me to delve deeper into her pussy so I pressed my face harder into her but she kept pulling until I realized that she wanted me to change positions. She was pulling me up over her.

I climbed onto the cabin roof and hooked my arms under her shoulders, pulling her back onto her towel. Then I settled between her legs as she pulled her knees high and wide. I pointed the big purple head of my throbbing cock at her wet little opening and eased forward, working it into her velvety glove-like treasure slowly but surely. She was tight but the little ring of muscle gave way not too grudgingly and let me enter. I loved the way she lay with her head propped up by both elbows behind her as she licked her lips, watching my cock disappear slowly into her core.

When we were pressed bone to bone, I stopped moving – except for my cock, which flexed uncontrollably in her pussy. Sammie lay back on the deck and her cunt responded in kind to my intruder, gripping and releasing every few seconds.

I had forgotten about Ellie, after seeing her nodding approvingly as I first started to penetrate her daughter. But now, with my eyes closed as I concentrated on the luxurious feelings of our coupling, I felt Ellie's hand began kneading my testicles. I opened my eyes to find her laying beside us, her head nestled on her daughter's right arm while her little pink tongue darted around Sammie's hard brown nipple. To say that I loved her hand on my balls would be a gross understatement.

I bent forward, encompassing both women in the arc of my arms as I lowered myself to suckle Sammie's other udder.  Slowly, every so slow, I began to move my hips, extracting just a fraction of my probe from her sheath and then pushing it home again, over and over. I had barely started to lengthen my strokes when Sammie clenched her muscles around me, bucked up to meet my latest thrust and began to pulse with an orgasm. For a moment, I shifted my mouth to Ellie, taking her away from Sammie's tit. Then breaking away, I moved to Sammie's mouth and tried to swab her tonsils through her wide-open mouth. Her tongue was the only part of her that responded – I think, the only part that could respond.

For a few more minutes, I pumped Sammie's velvety pussy, savoring every feeling but especially loving it when we met bone-to-bone. That sent little shocks throughout my system. Nor could I withstand their impact for long. I felt my testicles contract and seconds later I was spurting sticky white cum into her pussy. Just as I despaired of getting Sammie off again, she sort of contracted into a tight little ball, screamed, and began to shake. I felt a flood of her juices pour over my balls and drip down out thighs.

Carefully I eased over to the side away from Ellie and lay beside Sammie, staring at the soft cotton clouds scudding by in the bright blue of the sky. Just then the servos kicked in and sail started to furl as others unfurled and caught up the wind. The boat changed directions but it was all so smooth. It was the first time I had watched the autopilot handle a change in direction from this angle.

After a few minutes, Sammie scrambled up, saying, "I've got to go tinkle."

Ellie scooted over next to me and her hand found my balls. In a few minutes my cock began to respond to the warmth of her hand and the stimulation of her fingers. I pulled her mouth to mine and we kissed long and deeply and passionately. In a few more minutes, I was rock hard and throbbing again.

I started to get up but Ellie gently pushed me back down and then mounted me cowgirl fashion. For a few minutes she rode me slowly with her eyes closed, seemingly savoring each second. I know I was.

When Ellie stood up, I was disappointed to feel the cool air on my warm cock. However I needn't have been concerned. She turned around and sat back down, again engulfing my cock in her pussy. After spending a few minutes wiggling back and forth and side to side, she very carefully lay backwards onto my chest and I remembered that towards the end of last summer, this had become one of her favorite positions.

I began to slide her up and down my body, just a very little at a time. She didn't want large movement, but just enough to feel. She liked having me hold her tits, using them for leverage to move her. And occasionally I'd move a hand down to use my fingers to tease her clit. It took me a long time to work up to another climax but not Ellie – she had four or five of them while I was collecting enough to make one more.

For a long time, we lay there together, Ellie still stretched out on my chest, until my slowly deflating cock plopped out of her dripping twat. Even then I held Ellie with my arms crossed over her chest, a big breast cupped in each hand.

The rest of the afternoon passed in a sultry haze of sex and sun and soft breezes. By the time we watched the sun set while my cock plowed Sammie's pussy one more time, we were on the last leg heading toward the marina again. In the dark, I kicked off the autopilot, turned on the servos to lower all canvas and brought the diesel inboard to life to ease us into the harbor.

While I held the wheel and steered us by the channel buoys, Sammie clung to my side, her arms around my neck.

"That was the nicest day I've had in a long time, Captain."

"Me too, Samantha. Please call me Tom."

"Okay, Tom. When can we do it again?"

When would you like to do it again?"

"Well ... how about ... Thursday night ... at Mom's house?"

"Mm, sounds very nice."

"Say ... six o'clock or if you have a cruise, as soon as you get back in?"

"That would be great."

"I can't wait."

Sammie dropped down the steps to get dressed and pick up her bag. Ellie took her place.

"I'm so glad you like my daughter, Tom."

"What's not to like? She's like her mother ... fantastic."

She kissed my cheek. "And you, sir, are the consummate gentleman. I've never met a man quite like you. How can you make love to so many women and have them all completely satisfied to share you? I don't know but I know I want to keep my place in the rotation."

"Ellie, you are a delightfully wonderful woman. I am so glad to have met you. And your daughter."

"I think you've done her a world of good today. She had been so depressed since her divorce and today I've seen her happy for the first time in months. Did I hear that she invited you to spend the night with her Thursday?"

"Yes."

"Good. We'll look forward to seeing you then."

I kissed both sweet ladies as I helped them up the gangplank and watched them head to their car.

End of Ch 06