 Sometimes I am asked how I became the dirty little secret of the 49th support group in southern Korea. It all started when I was stationed in the north in the 2nd Infantry. I had been having sex with the American Consulate's 20 year old daughter, which wouldn't have been a problem, except that she was engaged to the son of the post Sergeant Major and that she spilled the truth by breaking off the engagement and announcing to daddy in a fit of rage that she and I had been fucking around for a week or so. 

Soon enough I was on the carpet in my company commander's office.

"You're a good soldier," he said in a stern voice, "but thinking with your dick has gotten you up to your ass in trouble. People on high want your head on a plate."

Sure enough, they did, but my commander took pity on me and had me sent to the Pusan Storage Facility on the southernmost tip of the country, far away from my home on the DMZ and my sweet little rich girl with her long, mouse-brown hair and smooth, soft touch. 

My duties as a combat soldier were now replaced with sitting on my ass behind a desk in the logistics department, routing supplies here and there for military training exercises. 

I was just starting to get used to my new job when out of the blue, I managed to fuck that up as well, and in record time. My new section chief was the first female officer that I had ever worked with, Captain Lee. She was all business and appreciated the fact that I always did what I was told and didn't bitch, no matter how ridiculous the assignment seemed. 

She started referring to me as "Old Reliable", though I was at least 12 years her junior. Yep, if she needed something done right, all she had to do was call on Specialist Green and it was done. Her being attractive made her even easier to work for. She was short compared to me and looked stocky in her uniform, but shapely, especially in the hips. She wore her auburn hair cropped in a bob that a lot of women get when they join the Army and it fell perfectly around her high cheekbones when she took off her cap indoors. 

Her make-up was always perfect, though not too heavy, as that would go against regulations. Truthfully, she didn't need it. In her thirties, she still looked young and well complected. I often had to keep myself from staring at her lightly painted lips when she spoke to me. I was staying out of trouble and all was well until, like I said before, I managed to fuck things up royally. 

At the DOL all four of the employees shared a common latrine. One day, I went inside to take a piss and was busy doing so when the door flew open. My pants were fully unbuttoned and my dick was in my hand when Captain Lee walked right in. 

Apparently, I had neglected to lock the door properly. I could tell she got an eye-full by the way her face changed to grim horror. 

"Goddammit, Specialist!" Her voice changed to an incensed command bark, " Lock the door behind you!" She stormed out, slamming the door. 

We spent the rest of the day in our separate offices and I left at 5 PM without a word. I knew I was screwed. 

Just as I expected, the next day, the office secretary relayed orders from the Captain that I was to go to the far side of the post and set up bunk beds for the 2nd Ranger Division who was coming for training. She wanted me out of the office, way out. I decided bitching wouldn't help my situation so I grabbed my truck keys and left. 

I did nothing all day but haul beds from one place to another and set up, sheets and all. The building looked like it had been built in the late 1950's and should've probably been demolished. All of the rooms smelled musty so I made it a point to air them out by opening windows. I played my portable radio because I was far enough from any other inhabited building that no one would hear me unless they were lost. 

I just plugged away and listened to a Metallica CD, letting my mind wander. I thought of how much of a mess I was in and started to wonder if there was a way I could apologize to Captain Lee. 

The Captain with her pretty auburn hair and soft lips... The more I thought about her lips, the more I liked them. I imagined her licking them, making them wet. I could hear her asking me to suck on them and taste her tongue.

I paused in the middle of making a bed as I felt myself get hard under my uniform. I was far from anyone, so I figured why not? I touched myself through my pants, pretending it was those wonderful pink painted lips, caressing me, preparing me for something wonderful. When Captain Lee walked in, I didn't know whether to cum or have a heart attack. 

"How is it going, Green?" She walked up and my back was still turned to her. I was supposed to turn around and stand at attention, but if I did, she would spy my prodigious erection through my trousers and know that I already was at attention. 

I decided to reach for the radio. If I was going to forget Army protocol, I could at least say that I was turning it down so I could hear her. And for fuck's sake, maybe my hard-on would go down some. 

"It's OK," she offered, "let it play." I moved away from the radio and looked down. I was still half hard, but it had fallen. Had I been wearing my Uniform top, it wouldn't have been an issue, but I had taken it off and was working in my brown Army undershirt. I decided to chance it. I turned around.

I am 6'2" and the Captain was 5'4" at the tallest, even in boots. She was just at the right level to mistakenly look down and spot my all-too-slowly ebbing erection. If she had noticed, she didn't make it obvious. 

"E-Everything's great, ma'am," I stammered. "I-I only have one room to go."

"It's not even lunch yet." Her demeanor changed to a friendly smirk. "Old Reliable, you've done it again."

I was Old Reliable once more. That was a good sign. Maybe she had gotten over our embarrassing encounter in the latrine. 

"I'll help you finish and we can break for lunch." She said.

"Yes, ma'am."

She moved over to a bunk bed and picked up a sheet. "Here, you do the top bunk and I'll get the bottom ones since you're so tall."

"Yes ma'am." I immediately got down to business and began to sheet the top bed. I found the personal comment about my height a bit odd, but paid it no mind. The idea of getting out of trouble dominated my thoughts. 

"Wait," she said curtly. I stopped short. "One of us is out of uniform." I reached for my top to put it back on but she held up her hand. "I'll work in my t-shirt. There's no Air Conditioner in here."

I instinctively averted my eyes as she unbuttoned her shirt. 

"Here," She handed me her shirt, forcing me to look up at her for a split second. "Put this over there with yours." 

Try as I might to avoid it, my mind took a picture of her as I took the shirt. She was not as stocky as I had thought. Her hips were round, but her waist was petite and curved nicely into a pair of beautiful breasts. They couldn't have been more than a B but they were lusciously curved and her nipples were pronounced enough that I could clearly make them out through her t-shirt. Her arms were firm and muscled but still soft. I turned quickly, put her shirt next to mine and started on our first bunk. 

We worked smoothly on the first bed, setting it up military style. We even cracked jokes about who could get the blankets the tightest. From where I stood, I was able to avoid the sight of that gorgeous little body and therefore stop the thoughts that threatened to make my hard-on come back. 

On the second bed, however, she had started working on the same side as I did and we bumped into each other. I was standing straight and she was bent over the bottom bunk. Her bottom bumped into my thigh as we moved to do the corners. I looked down and saw that her t-shirt had come up, exposing her lightly tanned skin, and a thong, a pink one. I felt blood rush into my cock and I pulled away.

"Sorry, ma'am."

"It's alright. Tuck in this side." I began to work on the hospital corner and she moved across from me to fix the other. "Think we can bounce a quarter off it yet?" she joked. 

I looked up and found that she had looked back down. I could also see inside her shirt. There was no bra and her lovely breasts jiggled as she finished the corner. I was fighting my hard-on once again. I stood up and looked at the top bunk even though I had already finished. 

No. No. NO! I screamed inside my own mind. Stop this shit NOW!

She did it again. 

As I was off in my own little world, cussing myself, she had rounded the bed again. This time she didn't bump my thigh; she pressed her sweet, round ass into it and held. I tried to back up but she backed with me, pressing her hand into my right leg for balance. She stood and looked at me over her shoulder. 

"You're first name is Jack, right?" she stared into my eyes, demanding.

"Yes, ma'am."

"Call me Jennie right now." She never broke her stare. Her hazel eyes were intoxicating and God, her lips... "Once we leave here it's back to ma'am or you're in deep shit, OK?"

"Yes ma'am."

"Jennie."

This time her eyes closed, leaving me to her lips, the lips of my dreams. They parted for me and I took them sucking them just like I had imagined. Her tongue invaded my mouth, seeking mine and I gave it to her. I quit fighting my erection and let it fill and press against my pants. Her soft, curved ass rubbed against it and she pressed firm, she wanted it against her. 

My hands strayed to her breasts and cupped them as I kissed her more deeply. I could feel her breaths become shorter and harder. She panted into my mouth as we kissed and I caressed those perfect breasts, pausing over each nipple but not daring to take my hands away. 

Her hand moved up my thigh and touched my erection. She let out a little whine and squeezed it. She pulled her mouth away from mine and turned to face me, still clutching my hard cock. 

"God." Was all she said as she tore at my belt and tugged at the buttons on my pants. I kept caressing her. Not just her breasts but all over. I dragged my fingers across her nipples, up to her soft neck and back down until my hand was pressed between her legs. 

"Oh God!" she panted as my trousers came open and my raging member finally broke free. She took it and squeezed and pulled, pumping it full and causing it to redden. A bead of pre-cum erupted from the tip. 

She bent down and popped my cock into her mouth, closing her beautiful lips around its swollen head. As Jennie continued to tug at the shaft, she lapped at the head, sucking hard and taking all she could get. My hands went under her shirt and I started to feel her magnificent tits again. Jennie's tits, not Captain Lee anymore, just Jennie, and she was so good! I pinched her already hard nipples and she cried out, mouth still full. I knew she liked it because she started to take my cock deeper and faster, pressing into it with her tongue. 

Suddenly she stopped. 

"Fuck me, Jack!" 

Both of us tore at our shirts and then attacked the laces on our combat boots. I worked both boots at the same time, so I finished first. Instead of removing my pants, I got on my knees and took off her second boot as she sat on the bed. 

I threw the boot across the room and went for her pants. I took them down and completely off, turning them inside out. I gently moved her pink thong aside and ran my fingers up and down her soaked slit. She lifted her soft, pretty ass off the bed and let me take the thong as well. 

Jennie was naked except for her olive green Army socks. I forced her tanned, muscular legs apart. 

"What are you...?"

I dragged my tongue up her thigh and stole it across the neatly trimmed auburn pubic hair that graced her pussy, which was getting red around the lips. Her mound and outer lips were small but puffy and her inner lips were large and red by comparison. It all came open on its own when I spread her strong thighs, showing me right inside. I kissed her right on the little hood that hid her clit, just to make my intentions known. 

"No," she protested, "Put it in me now! Fuck me!" she moaned. She said she didn't want it but her body gave her away. As I breathed on her swelling pussy, a little bit of girl-cum squirted out and ran down her leg. 

"Uh-uh." I shook my head and ran my tongue across her glistening little pussy. "Not until I'm done."

I licked each full, parted lip up and down, first outside, working my way in, pausing to kiss and suck and occasionally flick my tongue over the little place where her clit was hiding. She moaned and begged me to fuck her, each time punctuating her cries with little bits of her juice flowing over my face. Her clit came out of hiding and I set my tongue to it. Most women have a little bead for a clit, Jennie's was as big around as the tip of my pinkie and it bounced each time I flicked at it. Juices poured and I began to hum to her as she came on my face. 

"God, Jack!" She screamed, "Fuck me right now! Please!"

I pulled off my pants and underwear in one motion and rose up to her. As I stood over her, I stroked the length of my cock so that she could see every inch I was going to give her. 

She thrust her pelvis toward me as if trying to catch my manhood in mid air and did her best to pull it into her as she began to shake. 

"If you don't put it in, I'm going to die!"

I thought about holding back some more as the silky, thickened head of my cock started to touch her waiting pussy. 

No. I seized her soft ass in both hands as she guided me in. When the head was set, I shoved it into her with all my might, drilling for bottom. As her walls closed around me she let out a little cry and I began to thrust for her special spot. I felt her squeeze so hard it almost pushed me out and I came back with several more hard thrusts into her crushing wet walls. 

"Uuuh...uuuh!" Her words were lost in a sea of orgasmic fury as the crashing waves fell and made her body simultaneously ache and want more. Finally, an incredible peak sent her tumbling back to earth. 

"Cum, cum." Her chest heaved as she spilled grateful kisses over my face. "Do you want to cum?"

Did I? She didn't even give me a chance to answer. She pushed me and I rolled off of her. She was on me in an instant, pulling my cock back into her mouth. She held my balls in her hand and squeezed softly as she sucked, taking me all the way in and out, gently but firmly. She sucked harder as she picked up speed, rubbing her tongue over the meaty part, just below the head. Forces began to well deep within me and each time I thought I would cum she would stop and lick my hard shaft up and down, just enough to make me want it more. She stopped and began to jerk me off. 

"Ready to cum now?"

"Oh yes!"

She went down on me hard and heavy, sucking hard and tightening those perfect lips around me and all at once my fireworks went off. Cum filled her mouth and some escaped out of the corners, running down her chin. She swallowed as fast as she could, tugging on it for each last bit of juice. At last she picked up the stuff that had dripped with her fingers and licked them clean. I fell backward, exhausted. 

We lay there on the bunk for a while, just touching and staring into each other's eyes. 

"That was good!" breathed Jennie. "Where did you learn to do that?"

I just shrugged. I was still breathless. 

"We'll do this again sometime. " She smiled. "Can you keep a secret?"

"You got it." I replied in between breaths. 

"My dirty little secret." Jennie was beaming. She stood up and began to pick up her clothes. God, her body was sexy. "Let's go eat lunch and then we'll meet back here and take care of those last beds. Play time's over."

"Yes, ma'am." I replied.