 Captain Lee wasn’t the only female in the Logistics Department. There was also Staff Sergeant Jones; She had just arrived in country to replace the old Section Sergeant who had retired.

 “Have you ever seen a Vienna sausage?” She tossed her short dark brown hair back and looked me in the eyes. Her brown eyes were full of fire, just like mine, or so I’m told. 

 “Uuh, yes, Sergeant.” I wondered where this was going. 

 “That’s how big my husband’s prick is.” Her eyes never fell. She was trying to impress a point upon me, but I’ll be damned if I knew what it was. I really didn’t need to know that information.

 “I’m sorry, Sarge.” I looked down at my stack of papers that I had decided that I deliberately wasn’t going to finish that day. 

 “Yeah,” she said, “Me too.” She leaned back in her chair, putting her arms behind her head. “I mean, he’s a good person and he takes care of me and all. I do love him, but sexually, he is a waste. It sounds mean, but, I let him fuck me every night and I don’t even feel it. He can’t even give me head the way I really want it.”

 I started thinking that maybe I had some paperwork to do after all. 

 “You know what I like to do?” She was staring at me again, her big, dark brown eyes flickering. 

 “What, Sarge?”

 “On my birthday, I go out and pick up a guy. I pick up a guy and fuck him.”

 “That’s a bit of a gamble isn’t it?” I replied. “He may not be any good.”

 “Worse than a man with a penis like a Vienna sausage who lasts all of four seconds? God, even his balls are tiny.”

 “Damn.” That was the best I could do. I couldn’t believe my section Sergeant was sitting here emasculating her husband in front of me. Not that it would be much of a loss, apparently.

 “Back in the States, I had a guy I could go to. I met him one year at an airport bar and he was good, so I called him on my birthday, until he got married. He had six inches, which was big for me. The next guy was almost as bad as my husband, so I never called him back. Then I got sent here.”

 “Birthday getting close, Sarge?” I was pushing it but I couldn’t resist.

 “Past.” She frowned. “This post is so small that if I go home with anyone, everyone will know about it. Little dick or not, I don’t want a divorce.”

 “True.” I said, but I wasn’t sure I meant it. One good fuck a year. I couldn’t believe it. Sgt. Jones was pretty. She was thick but not fat by any means. Her body was strong and shapely and her chest was at least a D. Her face was comely, with dark brown bedroom eyes, high cheeks and full lips. She must have plenty of offers, but she limits herself to once a year. That would drive me crazy.

 “Captain Lee knows all about it. I told her while I was at a barbecue at her house. You know what she told me?”

 “What, Sarge?”

 “She told me to talk to you.”

 “Me?” I took a sip of coffee out of nervous habit.

 “Oh yes, She says you are the best fuck she ever had and that you’re at least 8 inches long.”

I stood up and found a rag to clean up the coffee that had just sprayed out of my nose. Mine was 8 ¼ inches to be exact. I had measured it. “It’s my birthday and I you know what I want?”

 “Why don’t you tell me?” I smiled nervously.

 “I want it inside me.” She stood up and walked toward my desk as she talked, staring at me the whole time. “I want something big, to suck on, to play with, to fuck me good and hard and make me sore inside. Are you up for it?”

 I stood up. All of this talk had caused my cock to begin to fill. My pants became tight against it. “I’m up all right.”

 She reached for it and stroked it through my pants. “The same rules as with Captain Lee. We have fun for my birthday and then it’s back to business, OK?”

 “Of course.” My mind was reeling.

 “I don’t want to do it in here though.” Her large breasts were noticeably heaving. She was short of breath from the excitement. “I’ll find a place and let you know.”

 “Hooah, Sarge.” Which is Army talk for “Awww Right!” I was a little irritated at first, I must admit. Was I just someone the Captain could whore out to anyone she felt like? What made her think She could just send some woman to me to fuck and I’d do it? Because I would, that’s why. I got booted out of 2nd Infantry for thinking with my dick and she probably knew all about it. She also knew from personal experience that I have a pretty loose grip on my hormones. Damn it! I thought. I’m being used.

 Used by gorgeous women. 

 Oh no!

 The Captain had called me Old Reliable. I decided then and there to take that to a new level! If they wanted a sex machine, they were going to get one.

 I knew she wanted it to be something special. It wasn’t a meet in the bathroom and fuck against the stall kind of thing. It didn’t have to be extravagant, just decent.

 Overseas, you can’t just check into a Motel Six out by the highway and get your groove on. On post everyone knows who you are and off post you stick out like a sore thumb. The old building where the Captain and I had our fling was being used now so that was out. That’s when I remembered the morgue. Not really a morgue. More like a collection point. Whenever someone croaks on post they get sent there and Specialist Brooke, the mortuary guy bags ‘em and tags ‘em and takes them up north. That happens maybe twice a year down here. 90% of the time the freezer’s empty and Brooke is re-painting or filing papers or off on temporary duty in Seoul.   

 True, the back room is pretty creepy but the front has a desk and a couch, just like a normal office. It would be nothing for the both of us to show up there since DOL is in charge of the supplies and operations at the collection point. And I just happened to have the spare key. If Brooke is actually there, I’ll just tell him to beat it and maybe owe him a favor for later. 

 “Hey Sarge.” I offered as Sgt. Jones poured herself some coffee.

 “What is it, Green?”

 “I have a plan.”

  When the sun left the sky, leaving nothing but a sultry red over the mountains, I took my leave. I took the truck down there with some supplies first, a couple of candles, blankets, incense, glasses and a bottle of red wine. I also brought my portable radio so I could play some tunes and cover the noise. I went with Bauhaus instead of Metallica this time. Speed metal may be alright for a torrid fling in a warehouse, but a special time like this called for something dark and sexy and Bauhaus had that in spades.

 I lit up the candles on Brooke’s desk and closed the blinds. I laid the blankets on the couch because it was vinyl and bare asses on vinyl tend to squeak. The wine I took to the back and chilled in the freezer for a bit. It was vacant, of course, and my pal Brooke kept things very sanitary. I fired up the incense to take away the ultra-sanitized hospital smell that permeated the room. I think it was patchouli, the stuff hippies used to burn in the sixties. Whatever it was hung deep in the air and seemed almost hallucinogenic. When the wine was good and cold, I brought it out and set it next to the candles. 

 Sergeant Jones arrived right on time. She walked in the door and took off her cap, letting her dark brown hair fall around her face. I shut the door behind her and took her right hand. 

 “Hi,” I said, smiling. “I’m Jack.”

 “Tammy.” She smiled back. Her beautiful full lips were painted a deep red and glossy, making them even more prominent. This wasn’t what she would typically wear with her uniform. She had done it to tease me and it worked. I wanted those lips around my cock so bad it hurt. I have a thing for lips and hers were luscious in every respect of the word. 

 Her hands felt soft. It was the first time I had touched them, caressed them. I held onto them and led her to the wine. 

 “Do you like Bordeaux, Tammy?” I asked.

 “Please.” She let me fill a glass for her. I had one too. 

 “How’s your birthday so far?” I touched her soft face and she moved it over my hand so that I was touching her neck at the hairline. I began to stroke her neck sweetly. It tensed under my touch when I got close to her ears. 

 “Great.” She smiled. “When do I get my present?”

 “Soon, soon.” I didn’t want this to be a wham-bam roll on the floor like my afternoon with Captain Lee. Not that I didn’t enjoy it. Tammy wanted something exeptional for her birthday and she was going to have it. From the moment her breasts started heaving when she petted my cock back at the office I knew I wanted to savor this moment. Peter Murphy was now singing “Bela Lugosi’s Dead”. The night’s rhythm was starting to take hold. 

 “We should get out of these uniforms, at least.” She unbuttoned her blouse and instead of a brown Army T-shirt underneath, there was a transparent red nightshirt. More like a half-shirt made of sheer red mesh. Her beautiful full breasts shone with a reddish glow and made it seem even smaller on her. They seemed to defy gravity and her nipples, small considering the luscious fullness of her breasts had hardened to perfection, and made creases down the little top she was wearing. I wanted to suck on them, gently peeling the tiny nightshirt away and slowly tasting those tiny nipples, then sucking as much of those silky tits as I could pull into my hungry mouth. Her skin was deeply tanned all the way through, no lines at all and the light brown made those breasts look all that much smoother and more delicious.

 I hastily unbuttoned my top and threw it to the floor, closely followed by my t-shirt. We both went for our boots at the same time. There was no rush though. We pulled them off and cast them aside. She was wearing red silk stockings to match her little top piece. 

 My pants had to go. I stripped to my silk boxers and watched closely as she pulled of her own camouflage pants, revealing the rest of her outfit. Her soft shoulders and those oh, so delicious breasts were hazed red in the candlelight. This accented the sweet, natural curve of her full hips and tight belly, leading to a bare, tanned, generous ass. Her thick, but beautifully curved thighs shared the red haze of her breasts all the way down to her small, pretty feet, bare, except or the thin layer of sheer red silk. The topper was her smoothly shaven mound of flesh. No panties, just naked, shaven beauty that begged to be rubbed against my face. Her body and my silk boxers were working magic on my cock, which now stood at half-mast. She noticed and smiled, getting closer, moving to the pulsing, sexy sounds of Bauhaus. 

 “I love the candles.” She smiled, reaching for me. “But that’s not what I came for.”

 “What’s a birthday without candles?” I said with a smirk.

 “There’s only one candle I want to light tonight.” Her hand washed over the silk of my boxers, exploring the rise that was steadily growing. “Is it really 8 inches?”

 “Eight and ¼, I measured.”

 “It will be the biggest I’ve ever had. I can’t wait.”

 “Wait just a little,” I said. I moved in to kiss her neck and she gave it to me. I began to kiss down her neck as my hands stroked her breasts through the silken mesh. Her nipples hardened under my fingers and she moaned a little. Her caresses over my cock became a little more fervent but still gentle, roaming back and forth. I let my fingers slide across those hard, tiny nipples and let her moan to me a little as I stroked.

 I had to touch her all over, such a full, soft curvaceous body, smooth in all the right ways. I slid my hands over her breasts again, squeezing a little, then down her waist and back up again with another little squeeze. I felt her shapely, tight belly and her supple waist in one brush, pulling her into me. I drew her close so that her soft, puffy mound pressed hard against the silk that covered my raging cock, which was now at its full size. She gave out a startled little gasp and her soft hands moved to my ass and pulled me up harder. She began to gyrate her hips, rubbing my silk wrapped cock all over and between her legs, spreading them slightly and standing on her toes, trying to get it to touch her where he really wanted it. I crouched a little and pressed the thick head against Tammy's soft folds.

 “Oh!” she shuddered hard, I thought she would lose balance. 

 I pulled away. All of the silk covering my swollen head was soaked. I had to touch. My hands rose up the inside of her muscular thighs and caressed her tiny folds ever so slightly. They were dripping. I pushed a finger inside her and she cried out loud. So tight!

 “I’m going to fuck you so hard.” I whispered to her as I gently gave her the length of my finger. “It’s going to hurt.”

 “Hurt me.” She whined in my ear. “Please hurt me. Make me scream for you to stop.”

 I began to tug on her clit lightly with my finger. She started to swoon and I had to catch her waist. I sat her down on the couch, still teasing with my fingers. She let out a small cry and came on my hand, soaking my skin. I pushed her legs apart and began kissing the inside of her soft thighs. She let out a gasp as I pulled her little lips apart. They weren’t used to being stretched at all. I pulled the folds away from her clit and tasted the tiny bead with my tongue. Again, she cried and came, this time on my face. Her scent was all over me and I was loving it! I began to lick at her clit and all around it, tasting the juice she poured on me. Her smooth, shaven pussy against my smooth, shaven face oiled au natural. Her hands stroked my cropped hair as she moaned and jolted. 

 When the blankets were soaked beneath her, she begged me to stop. Her legs were still shaking and her big sun-bronzed breasts, heaving, had escaped the tiny red top. 

 “Oh, God!” Breaths short and hard. “Look what you made me DO! I wanted your…AAAH!”

 While she was talking, I had lowered my head again. My eight and a quarter inches may be Captain Lee’s dirty little secret, but mine was my tongue. I pushed the tip of it as deep into her sopping wet pussy as it would go and began to tongue-fuck her, in and out. Her walls squeezed together so hard my tongue was pushed out, followed by a gush of sweet girl cum. I lapped it contentedly as she cried out again. 

 “Please Stop!” She begged. “I can’t take another one!”

 Licking my lips, I smiled. “You just wait and see what I make you take.” I stood up and got the bottle of Bordeaux. I took a big drink, straight from the bottle and handed it to her. She followed suit. Both of us wiped our mouths off. 

 She was still sitting on the couch and I was standing beside her. She sipped on the wine and slid her hand up the leg of my boxers.

 “Birthday candle time.” She said, giving my erect cock a desperate squeeze. She quickly pulled down my silk boxers and I stepped out of them. She stroked me slowly, staring at my erection. 

 “All mine. Mmm…” She tugged harder. Pre-cum appeared on the tip. “You’re the one dripping now.” I petted her hair and pulled on it a little. I knew what she was going to do. I just wanted her to know I wanted it. She suckled lightly on the tip, taking the pre-cum, then on the head, dragging her tongue all over it. She licked the tense shaft up and down, first using her whole tongue and then her lips and tongue, side to side. Tammy squeezed the head between her fingers and picked it up. She licked down to my balls and sucked them one at a time into her mouth, savoring each one and rolling it around her tongue. She licked all the way back up the shaft and took it into her warm mouth. Finally, those glossy lips I had been lusting after were mine. She was amazingly gentle in her touch, but never lacking in feeling. Those precious lips took me in and out, just past the head. I had to have more. 

 “Do you think you can take it all?” I teased. “Go deep for me.”

 She took it almost half way.

 “Deeper.”

 She went a little further and stopped with a little sound. 

 “I can make you choke on it.” I threatened with a playful tug on her hair. 

 “No.” she begged. “I can’t. It’s too much.” I took her hair a little harder with both hands and pulled, but not too much. 

 “Put it back in.” I ordered. “And don’t touch it. I’m going to make you take it.”

 She opened her mouth again and let me guide it in. I thrust with my hips as she relaxed her throat, her hands tense on my thighs. I pulled her hair into me and slowly fucked that glistening red mouth as she struggled to take every inch. I didn’t give it all to her, just enough so she could take me and have it fill her mouth without really choking. I knew she liked it when one of her hands left my thigh and began stroking her pussy while I forced myself into her. I could feel her sucking harder as little orgasmic crests shook her ever so gently. Her mouth was so good I was tempted to let go and fill it with cum, but I pulled out instead.

 She stood up and put her arms around me, kissing my face and touching me all over. I caressed her back and felt the curves of her ass, which filled my hands. All the while, I could feel that smooth, wet pussy against my hard cock. 

 “My turn now.” She whispered to me. “Sit in that chair.” She motioned to an armless office chair behind the desk. I walked over and sat down.

 “It goes past your belly button!” Tammy gasped. “Let me play with it.”

 She straddled me, facing away. Her round, full ass was toward me and I rubbed the firm flesh as she prepared her pussy for me. She spread it as wide as she could and eased it over the fully engorged head that awaited her. She sat down a little more and moaned a little. She rocked her hips back and forth and I held myself still for her, letting my first couple of inches start to open her pussy, which was already sending little drops down my shaft. God, she was a gusher!

 She fucked me softly, just past my head, moaning the whole time. I wanted her to pound it in, all the way in. 

 “You’re so good, Tammy.” I stroked her beautiful ass. She could only respond in panting. “Give me more.” I begged. 

 “Ohh!” I felt her legs weaken as her ass sunk down further, taking me in almost half way. Her hands clutched my knees and she started to go faster, crying out with each thrust. Her bronzed ass jiggled slightly in my hands. Her cries grew more intense and her walls crushed me, her legs starting to shake. If she weren’t so wet, I would have never gotten in. “Ohh Fuck!” She cried out loud, cumming in my lap. 

I sat up and pulled myself out, lifting her off me. She seemed confused and grasped at my cock, desperately trying to pull me back in. I seized Tammy’s shoulders and pushed her over to the couch. 

 “It’s time, Tammy.” I slid my raging cock down the crack of her ass. “I’m going to do it like you asked me to do. Get on your hands and knees for me.”

 “Be careful.” Tammy was wide eyed. “Please.”

 “I’m going to hurt you.” I teased, stroking her ass as she kneeled before me. Her breathing was reduces to moaning and panting. “Just like you wanted.” I settled in behind her, rubbing her back, up and down, from her ass to the back of her neck. Her legs spread for me and I used my hands to part her beautiful ass even wider, displaying that sweet, fuckable pussy. I held the head of my cock against it. She started to shake harder.

 “Fuck me!” she screamed, “Put it in!”

 I took her smooth thighs in hand and gave it to her. I sunk in all the way to my aching balls. She screamed out again and tried to pull away, but I held on, pumping away inside her. She made a whining sound and I slowed. I must have hurt her.

 “Don’t…you… dare…stop!” She growled at me. Her ass bucked against me and my balls hit hard. I pressed hard on her thighs again and began to pound her with all I had. I could feel her pussy squeezing hard as she came again. I forced myself past her imploding walls and hit bottom with brute force, this time rubbing the head all over her inside while I held it in deep. Her arms collapsed and her face went into the blankets as she screamed against them. She screamed and cried into the blankets as I rocked against her, torturing her with my massive shaft. Her face came out of the blankets.
