 That Thursday, Dan got a call from his sister Hanah.

"Hello?"

"Dan, it's Hanah."

"Hey, what's up?"

"Not too much. Can't I call my little brother?"

"Umm, when's the last time you called me?"

"Oh. Good point. Then listen, how would you like to come up and visit for the weekend?"

"Why?" he asked suspiciously.

"Why the hell not? You can come up here, drink and party without Mom and Eric worrying, and get to hang with me."

"Not to burst your bubble again, but we never really "hanged." You barely acknowledged me in high school."

"Listen, it was weird enough having my mom marry your dad while we were both in high school. I had enough shit to deal with to throw a new brother in the mix."

"Sounds like a most enticing invite."

"Get off it, Dan. Besides, Ashleigh said you guys had a wonderful time while she was done there, and I can't think of a better reason than to see you too reunited for a little fun."

Dan wasn't really sure where that was going, considering he hadn't treated Ashleigh incredibly well. Sure, he had a great time with her, but he was under no illusions that she completely felt the same, especially after he made her video-tape him and Casey.

"Dan," Hanah said, interrupting his thoughts. "It's already settled. I spoke to Mom, and she said she thinks it's a great idea for you to go 'visiting' colleges. I think she also wants some time alone with Eric, if you know what I mean."

"Please dear God, never say anything like that again."

Hanah laughed. "I'll see you Friday night!" Before he could answer, she hung up.

Well, this should be interesting, Dan thought.

When he arrived at her dorm on Friday evening, he was a little skeptical. He had rushed from school, threw some things into his dad's new Navigator (which seemed to indicated that Hanah was definitely on to something about their parents wanting some "alone time", since he never let Dan drive the truck), and flew down the highway. A few hours later, he had his bag on his shoulder and was knocking on her door.

As he waited for an answer, he noticed a very attractive girl in just a towel walking down the hall, carrying a toiletry case.

She noticed him noticing, and smiled.

Maybe this wouldn't be so bad, after all.

"Dan!" Hanah's voice cried, and before he knew it there were arms around his neck in a very un-Hanah like display of sisterly affection. Deciding to play along, he wrapped his arms around her and gave her a big hug.

Putting her down, the both stared at each other, having not seen one another since last summer (Hanah went to her then-boyfriends house for Christmas vacation). She was very different than he remembered. A small girl, she had apparently lopped off her long black hair to go for a short do with long bangs framing her face. She was wearing a black ribbon around her neck, and instead of her normal jeans and t-shirt that he remembered her in, she was now wearing a tight knit dress, with long sleeves and the hem to mid-thigh. Those thighs were encased in dark stockings, ending in high-heel clogs that still put her about eight inches below the top of his head. The dress fit her wonderfully, and Dan had a hard time remembering that this girl was now his step-sister. Her cute face was giving him a wry grin as she too looked over her not-so-little brother.

"Well, well," she said. "You have grown up!"

Blushing, he could only stammer "What did you do to your hair?"

"I cut it, idiot. Now are you going to stand out there all night, or are you coming in?"

"In."

He walked into her room, and was immediately hit by how small it was. Two beds, one against each wall. Two desks, two dressers, two wardrobes likewise placed.

"This is it?" he asked.

"Hey, I don't live at home with my parents. This is fine."

Dan chuckled. "Yeah, I guess." Looking over at one side of the room, something dawned on him. "So, is, uh, Ashleigh around?"

"She went out somewhere tonight. Don't worry, though, she'll be by tomorrow. In fact, you can sleep in her bed tonight." Hanah smiled. "She said it would be okay."

"Fine with me," he said, annoying her by playing it cool. Turning to put his bag on Ashleigh's bed, he had a small smile of his own. He sat down to face his sister.

"So what's on the menu tonight?"

"I figured I'd take you to this bar downtown. It's kind of seedy, but they don't ID, so we can both drink. It will be fun."

"Sounds cool."

"You better get ready, then."

"Is it cool if I take a shower?" he asked. "I'm kind of want to wash off the drive, if you know what I mean."

"Yeah. Here's a towel. The bathroom is down the hall, um, fourth door on the left."

"Cool." He grabbed his stuff and the towel, and walked out of the room.

"I wonder if I should have told him it's a co-ed bathroom?" she asked. Then she burst out laughing.

He reached the bathroom, and walked in. He could hear one shower running already, and when he reached the stalls, he noticed it was the second to last one. Not wanting to be imposing, he was going to choose the shower furthest away, but there was an out-of-order sign. The next one defied words in its griminess, and so he backed away. There were only five stalls, and figuring the one at the end would be the least likely to be used, he walked past the running shower to the fifth stall. As he did, he couldn't help but glance, and was surprised to notice he could see all the way past the two curtains.

And see the same girl he had noticed in the hallway earlier.

She had olive skin on a short, curvaceous frame. Her hair was straight and pitch black, and came down to the middle of her back. She had a pretty face with pert, full lips. But Dan was mostly noticing her tits and ass.

She was full-figured, with large breasts that were not feeling the effects of gravity. Her ass was round, and again didn't seem to sag, and he watched mesmerized as her hands seemed to caress the beautiful globes with the soap. He was mesmerized, that is, until she gasped.

"Dios mio!" she shouted, the dreamy look on her face now replaced with flashing black eyes of anger. "What the hell are you doing?" she said, throwing back the curtains, grabbing a towel around her, and getting in his face, all the while spitting Spanish rapid fire.

"I'm sorry," Dan said, "I didn't realize this was the girl's bathroom. I'm visiting Hanah, she's my. . ." he stopped when he realized that she seemed to be chuckling.

"Oh, this is a co-ed bathroom, papi. Still doesn't explain why you were peeping at me while I'm showering."

"I'm sorry," he repeated. "I was just surprised to see a hot naked girl in the boy's bathroom."

"I bet you were," she said, smiling a little. Looking Dan up and down, she saw that he wasn't just surprised; he was a little excited, too. "You say you're visiting Hanah?"

"Yes."

"You her boyfriend?"

"No!"

"You fucking her?"

"Hell no! I'm. . ."

"That's good enough for me," she said, dropping her towel. "Why don't you use my stall? The water's already hot."

Dan, his eyes wide, took in her body once again. Despite a slight tummy, the girl was perfect, and his cock had already made the decision for him. Tearing off his clothes, he watched as she got back under the spray. 

"Ooo, papi. I don't know why Hanah isn't interested in you, but bring yourself in here."

Wasting no time, he stepped into the stall behind her, and pulled her close to him. She immediately began grinding her round ass against his cock, and he couldn't believe how good it felt. Taking her large tits into his hands, be began kneading them gently, evoking moans of pleasure from her. She tilted her head back over her shoulder, and he gladly accepted the invitation, kissing her full lips. 

They massaged each others' tongues as he explored her body with his hands. He pinched and rolled her nipples, and when that seemed to get little response, tweaked them hard.

"Aye!" she moaned, biting her lower lip. "You like my titties?" she asked.

"Of course," he said.

"Why aren't you sucking on them, then?"

Taking her cue, he spun her around, and cupping her right breast from underneath, eagerly sucked on her protruding nipple. As he licked and nibbled, his right hand found its way down her stomach, past her short pubic hair, to her wet pussy. Without delay, he slid his fingers back and forth across her entrance until he was able to slowly slide his middle finger inside her. 

"Yes!" she hissed, grabbing his head and pressing it against her tits. Increasing his rhythm, he finger-fucked her to the point that she began bucking her hips, meeting each thrust. Just as he thought she was about to cum, he removed his finger.

"What the. . ." she said, her eyes snapping open in disappointment. However, before she could finish, he picked her up and pushed her against the wall. Standing between her legs, his hands gripping underneath her thighs, he lowered her aching pussy onto his hard, desperate cock.

"Yes, baby!" she moaned. "Dios mio!" she cried, as he began lifting her up and down on his big dick. Her hot pussy had never felt anything this big before, and this guy she had just met was fucking her better than she felt she had a right to. Bracing his back against the wall of the narrow stall, he was now thrusting from his hips with a strength that surprised her and turned her on even more. Once again she was spewing Spanish at him, but this time Dan was pretty sure these were not words of anger.

"Oh, fuck," he muttered. "I'm gonna cum soon."

"Put me down, then," the girl moaned. "Fuck me from behind."

He pulled her off his dick, and put her down. They maneuvered so that he was once again behind her beautiful ass, and with little hesitation, slid his dick back into her luscious pussy.

"Yes!" she cried, hands up the wall to brace herself. Her back arched sexily, and he grabbed her waist to pull her pussy back onto his cock, instead of thrusting forward. Looking as his dick disappeared in and out of her between her ass-cheeks, he felt the need to smack one.

"Ooo, yes! Smack my ass! Fuck me with your big cock and smack my ass!"

He gave her ass a couple of hearty smacks, but could feel himself getting close again. Reaching around and grabbing her tits, he pulled her so that she was leaned back against him. With his knees bent, he was in position to thrust up, and squeezing her tits, did so with gusto. Sliding in and out of her, grabbing her big tits, he knew he was about to cum. 

"I'm gonna cum," he breathed, fucking her harder.

"Ooo, cum on my tits!" she cried, but Dan had no intention of pulling out of her tight, hot pussy. Fucking with abandon now, his long dick exploded inside her. As he shot his cum deep in her pussy, she too couldn't hold back, and her body shook as the orgasm took control.

Spent, they quickly washed themselves off.

As they were getting dressed, the girl looked at Dan. "How long you here visiting?"

"The weekend," he said.

"Maybe I'll see you here tomorrow, then?" 

"Maybe," he smiled.

She wrapped the towel around her body, and head out the door. 

"Took you long enough," Hanah said when Dan got back to the room.

"Sorry. Takes a while for those showers to heat up."