 The table is set for a nice romantic dinner for 2, complete with wine-glasses.... a nice vase of roses at the table's center...a very sensual scene. You walk in the door from work and look around, not expecting someone to be waiting for you..... but, instead.. you find me! Dressed in a teddy of red lace that reveals more than it could possibly conceal, I sit in a chair at one side of the table, a glass of white wine raised to my soft lips.

Care for a nibble??" I whisper, setting down the wine, pausing to dip a forefinger into the sparkling liquid and then dribbling a couple droplets of it across the swell of my almost completely exposed bosom. I lean forward and hear your breath catch in your throat as you gaze ravenously at the cleavage that presents itself.. such a tantalizing view isn't it? Standing up slowly.... letting you see that the hem of the teddy's softly flared skirt comes to just below the top-most part of my creamy thighs.. I see your pulse starting to race beneath the point in the hollow of your throat. I walk around to where you stand and gently, efficiently remove your dress-coat... loosen your tie, and leaning in... nibble ever so gently upon one of your earlobes before pulling coyly away.

As I pull away from you.. one of my hands trails across your ass... the fingers firmly squeezing your cheeks.. loving the firm feel of them cupped in one palm......... I smile devilishly to myself.. knowing that only I know what remains in store for you. Sensing that you are on the brink of sensual input overload.. I walk over to the kitchen counter and pick up a length of black cloth and returning to stand behind you.. I ever so gently tie it around your eyes.. allowing you from this point on, only to FEEL and HEAR and SMELL what is to be done to you...... to relinquish all control to your erotic mistress.

Taking you by the hand.. I lead you over to one of the dining room chairs and bid you to sit. I straddle your thighs with my own.. as my deft hands slip down to undo your pants, and pull them from you with practiced ease. Your shirt and tie are the next to go, and soon you are in all your naked glory before me.. your ohh so aroused cock straining against the soft skin of my inner thighs. You can smell my arousal, feel my hot skin. My groin nestles itself ever closer to your now throbbing shaft.. as my fingertips teasingly slide up and down its length.....my mouth without warning presses ravenously against yours, my tongue seeking yours out, coaxing it from your mouth... circling it, probing and tasting.... my thighs stroking your thighs...... your hands attempt to encircle my back.... but at their first embrace, I stand up and step away.

Retrieving a silk scarf from the treasure trove of sensual toys I've placed on the counter-top.. I return to your side, and as my lips lower to lick at your neck, your ears, your mouth... my hands bind yours just tight enough behind your back that you are assured that you are not meant to touch me at least not until I give permission. I slide into your lap, this time my back facing your chest, your aroused nipples slide against my shoulders. I moan.. and purr with growing arousal, as one hand fondles your balls as they lay between my own legs... and the other hand fingers my own clit lazily... drawing out the waves that are steadily mounting within me. I lean back against your chest even tighter.. as my muscles start to spasm with pleasure.... your cock throbs in agonized ecstasy.... demanding relief that simply is not forthcoming.

Wriggling around so that I am once more facing you.. you can feel that the head of your shaft is a mere fraction from the entrance to my hot, wet pussy.... you can smell the musky scent of my juices...... and knowing that you are almost at the point of no-return.... I rise up and without warning slide down.. thrusting the length of you deep inside of me.. burying your cock to the hilt. Feeling the soft heat of your balls beneath my ass. I arch back, thrusting you deeper with each penetration..... writhing in sheer pleasure atop you... my thighs tightening instinctively around your cock as it lies embedded in my tunnel.. the inner walls of my pussy stroking you, as if with invisible fingers. My mouth is parted, mindless... my eyes roll back and I am reduced to gasping your name.... harder and faster I ride you... making the chair skid a few inches backwards across the floor!!

Throwing myself forward, I lift myself up enough to slam back down... driving you into me ruthlessly.. at the exact moment your hot, creamy cum explodes deep into my pussy's recesses.. filling me up... sending my own impending orgasm crashing in a tidal wave through my body.. muscles locking.... I kiss your lips fiercely... tasting you, sucking on your tongue as if it were the cock that is now so firmly planted in my hot, clenching hole. I do not stop riding you until I am certain that I've milked every last drop of precious cum from your cock, and even then.. I tease you by sliding myself up and down.. reveling in the feel of our mingled juices and sweat that sheens across both our naked bodies.. I rip the make-shift blind-fold from your eyes to see you staring at me in wonder.... never had you imagined I had this sort of power / need in me not to mention, the wild and reckless abandon with which I offered myself so completely over to Lust’s control.