 The next Morning Richard was tender to Ivory when they both awoke. Ivory applied herself to Richard's morning erection. Afterwards, Richard was very solicitous of Ivory and helped her prepare for the day and redress. Ivory realized that there was a tenderness about Richard that her Master Theodore could not match. Although Ivory realized that she DID have a great deal of affection for her Master. After all he had intended that the loss of her virginity be a wonderful and memorable experience and it surely was. If that was not a loving gesture on his part, nothing was. 

Richard and Ivory dined after rising and Richard told her that she had been a superlative slave and had done exceptionally well. He kissed her deeply and told her, "There is no doubt that I envy, Theodore his possession of you."

Once Theodore returned to the inn, he took Richard aside and spoke to him at length while Ivory was entertained by the innkeeper's wife. As they drove home, Ivory could not help but noticed her Master Theodore seemed very happy and pleased indeed. 

When the trio returned home Ivory prepared to undress when she noticed a note addressed to her attached to her wardrobe door. It was written in simple Realto and Ivory could easily follow the text.

She read.

"Dearest Ivory,

Shortly after I purchased you I promised you love notes. These are the kind of 'love' notes I will be leaving you. I have no doubt that my friend Richard will give a fine report about you. Every time you perform well I will honor you with a note.

I feel a great deal of affection for you Ivory. You are a very special and wonderful woman. In some ways it is sad that you are a slave but neither I nor even the state have the power to free you. I have no doubt that I will come to treasure you as my most valuable possession. You are a rare beauty and have a fine temperament. We will have many good times ahead. You are not only an adjunct to my business you are an asset to my life as well as Lisa's life. Your wonders and charms are nearly innumerable.

With as much 'love' as a master is permitted a slave I am yours,

Sincerely, Theodore" 

Ivory was moved nearly to tears by her Master's note. She had no idea, but had always hoped, that he was capable of caring for her so deeply. Ivory was then summoned to early dinner. About the table, Theodore and Lisa were all smiles. Ivory took a different view of Lisa now. Once she viewed her as an interloper on the happiness she imagined between herself and Master Theodore, now she sincerely welcomed her presence. Ivory wondered what making love to her would be like now that Ivory's hated chastity belt had been removed. Ivory imagined that Lisa had a very talented tongue on he shaven pussy. The prospect of cunnilingus from her Master and Richard's slave Rebekah also filled her with delight.

Ivory realized that in a very real sense she was a new person. Sitting naked with her Master and his fiance she realized that she now shared the secret that had been kept from her entire life. As a sheltered princess she had been kept ignorant of all matters sexual, Ivory now realized that providing her with a tutor even more sheltered than herself was part of a campaign to keep her in darkness. What would she have been on her wedding night had she never been captured? Her ignorance and fear would have made her essentially useless to a virile young prince. Full of fear and recrimination she would never have been able to properly attend to his bedroom needs. In a revelation, Ivory realized why so many of the married female royals in her country seemed to become instantly sad after they married and no wonder the royal men in her former country were reputed to consort with low women, women even lower than slaves! For the first time ever Ivory was thankful for her enslavement. Well NOT thankful that she was a slave but very grateful for all that she had learned since her capture.

Dinner was divine. After a scrumptious meal which was obviously meant as a celebration. Theodore announced that he was gifting Ivory to Lisa for the night.

"I will sleep alone tonight. It is important for Ivory to learn that while I am her Master I am also like any other man. My first lie with her should be special but more business-like. Make no mistake I will take delight in Ivory and use her often but while she is fresh I can make her times especially memorable, making her a much happier and more satisfied slave and therefore of even better use to my business needs. It is also a great gift to bestow upon my betrothed, a female slave who has never known the complete fullness of a woman's touch."

Lisa was deeply moved by her fiancee's presentation of Ivory. It demonstrated what a giving and loving man he really was, not only to the woman he loved but also his slave. Both women looked at Theodore and then into each other's eyes. Both women saw anticipation and hunger in the eye of the other. Despite enormous temptation both slave and fiance did not rush through their dessert.

Allowing proper time to pass, Lisa at last rose from the table and took Ivory's hand. The two practically skipped to Lisa's bedroom. Once the door had closed behind them the women embraced and kissed for many moments before Ivory, slowly, yet deliberately, began to denude Lisa just as Richard had done to her the night before at the inn. Everything seemed to come so naturally to Ivory. The slave steered the fiance towards the bed. Once Lisa was upon it Ivory worked her lips and teeth over every inch of her body. But then Lisa was doing the same for Ivory and the blonde woman's tongue reached the juncture of Ivory's legs.

Lisa gently yet steadily went to work on Ivory's clitoris. Ivory realized that it was just as she imagined, every tongue and set of lips was unique! Lisa was actually a bit more attentive and skilled than Richard was. Before long Ivory was in the happy land of orgasm. Ivory silently hoped that every future mouth her pussy encountered would be as talented as Lisa's. For many hours the women exchanged orgasms kisses and strokes before falling into exhausted sleep in each other's arms.

They both woke in the morning arm in arm to find Theodore in a chair at the foot of the bed. Evidently he had been watching then for quite sometime. He was grinning broadly. His erection was obvious under his robe.

Lisa spoke first, "Darling! Oh we must look a fright, our hair ..."

"Both of you look ravishing." Said Theodore as he cut off his fiance's objections. "In fact I have never seen two more beautiful women. I take it the two of you enjoyed yourselves?" He asked with a sardonic grin across his features.

Lisa smiled and affirmative, Ivory made a motion as though she were going to relieve Theodore's erection but Lisa ordered her to be still. Looking intently at the slave she announced.

"Ivory, I am taking some authority here. Your services will not be needed today." 

Lisa left the bed and knelt before her fiancee. "As a thank you to my future husband for such a wonderful gift I am his slave for the day. I shall spend the day naked and act as though I have a collar about my neck. Theodore is to use me any way he sees fit as often as he sees fit. As for you Ivory, put some clothes on and walk about the grounds or read in the library. You are not to come near Theodore or myself until after midnight."

With that Lisa looked at her future husband and said "Any objections darling?"

Theodore allowed his robe to fall open and said, "Not a single one dearest." 

Ivory saw Lisa spring to work on her Master's erection, realizing the astonishing nature of the gift Lisa was about to give to Theodore she quietly made her way out of the room and set about her morning toilet. She still felt an incredible glow from last night Theodore had to be one of the most giving Masters in all of Realto. Thinking about him and Lisa, Ivory began stroking herself as she had seen other women do. Her first foray into masturbation utterly delighted her. She made her way to her Master's empty bedroom. It was many hours later before she had need to put clothing on.

Ivory saw nothing of her Master or Lisa for the rest of the day. Both ate in their room. The butler and maid seemed surprised to find Ivory wearing clothes but said nothing about the matter. Ivory was the only attendant at breakfast lunch and dinner. From time time orgasmic sounds emanated from the bedroom. Part of Ivory was disappointed that she was not sharing in the pleasure.

Ivory eventually ended up practicing her Realto with the maid and reading some basic readers in the library. She was actually hungry to learn more about the language. Theodore had decided that she was learning well enough on her own, that the language teacher's visits were trimmed to a single day a week to mostly work on pronunciation and various obscure tense forms. Ivory felt comfortable speaking it but she often missed the familiar language of her former nation. With no sign of the other residents of the house by 1:00 A.M. Ivory decide to turn in in her master's bed. For the first time since she could remember she had a day that mostly consisted of boredom.

Lisa woke Ivory gently the next morning with a strong kiss. Ivory was beyond startled when Lisa's robe briefly fell open and Ivory noticed that the lovely blonde thatch of Lisa's sex was missing. Lina was as hairless as a slave. Ivory knew that it was a humiliation for Realto women to have their pussy's shaved. When it occurred because of medical necessity, such as childbirth, it was acceptable but to allow a lover to shave it off meant that you loved the man a great deal indeed. The only time it was acceptable for a Realto woman to shave herself was during war time. It was tradition that if you had a lover at the front, you made him a gift of your pubic hair and mailed it to him. But Realto had not known war for nearly half a century.

Lisa caught what Ivory had learned and said "I was happy to surrender it to Theodore. I won't care one fig what other women think of me. They obviously don't love their men as much as I love mine." 

After a moment Lisa said, "I will treasure the moments of our first encounter for the rest of my life. I could not possibly thank Theodore enough. By the way, he sent me to tell you that he is planning on taking you tonight. He wants me to dress you as though it were one of a business rendezvous even though you will not be leaving the house. 

Despite her anticipation Ivory felt as though the day fairly creeped along until Lisa began the process of preparing Ivory for her night with destiny. The outfit she chose was a tight purple dress with a plunging neckline, thigh high boots and white stockings and accompanying garter belt. The butler made a special dinner for two and Lisa excused herself to visit her brother's estate. 

Theodore sang Ivory's praises as she ate. Ivory was bowled over by his words particularly when he said, "Ivory, you are my slave but part of me is enslaved by you." 

When bed time came Theodore gently undressed Ivory. Even though both had seen each other naked many times tonight still seemed special. Ivory made the gestures indicating that she was about to serve her master in the way a slave was trained but Theodore said. "No Ivory, tonight I will serve you. There will come many times when you will serve me and other people but tonight I want you to relax and enjoy me. Ivory did just as her her Master had instructed. Theodore was gentle, kind and enthusiastic in bed. Both Ivory and Theodore concluded after their tryst that it was indeed something special.

The next several weeks were quite heady for Ivory. She was very nervous the first time that Theodore had used her professionally but it soon became routine. No two encounters were the same but they all began the same way. In an inn, Master Theodore negotiated with his client over a particular shipment for either import or export. The price of the goods was ALWAYS negotiable. Ivory figured as a sort of price lever. Merchants from outside of Realto often wanted nothing more than a comely, willing, and submissive lass as part of a night on the town. Wives and girlfriends need never find out, depending upon how skilled and how lovely the lass in question was could vary the final price of the material by quite a considerable amount.

Merchants from within Realto would not alter prices as radically but Ivory served as a good will gesture. She signified that Theodore was dealing fairly with his clients. Local merchants wanted a beautiful slave to pamper them and appeal to their manhood. A beautiful slave guaranteed repeat business and their promise in turn to send future contacts and rumors Theodore's way. Before Ivory, Theodore had tried to survive upon his good name and handshake deals, it was like chasing phantoms. He did modestly well despite this handicap. His first few weeks with Ivory however brought her more money than he had ever seen.

Word of Ivory's beauty and talents had won Theodore a whole new clientele. Theodore was careful to use her sparingly to boost her value and desirability. He also did not want to wear his prize slave down or turn her into a common whore. Clients were dazzled by Ivory but relatively few got to spend the night with her. Ivory was so captivating and so naturally gifted in the art of flattery that men were happy just having her for a dining partner. Every male and female client wanted more of Ivory no matter the situation in which they first met her.

For Ivory it was not that different from practicing the puffery and flattery she had been taught as skills essential to being a princess. She had a way of looking at older men that delighted their hearts and had them tripping all over their tongues. Flirting with these men was actually fun. Older men reminded her of her father's circle of friends. By the time Ivory was twelve she could have any of those men melt like butter in her hands Rewarding one with a simple kiss could net her Master a few hundred dollars off his bill. 

Younger men tended to want more. Ivory cold still charm them but most needed a good blow job or two to see things Theodore's way. The times she had been compelled to spend the night were all memorable in various ways. There was a large man covered in thick hair who reminded Ivory of a bear straight out of the forest. There was a slim woman who insisted upon total control in bed, a middle aged man so skinny that Ivory thought that he would break apart once he entered her. The most challenging had been a father and son. The son had accompanied his father on his first business trip with his father and had fallen in love with Ivory the moment he saw her. 

The father simply would not take no for an answer and presented Theodore with a veritable fortune and waved all import fees if Ivory would lie with his son and make him a man. The father accompanied his son to Ivory's room because he wanted his money's worth for his son. Ivory at first felt intimidated with the father present. The father was large and hideously ugly. The son by contrast was small and handsome. Ivory chose to ignore the ogreish father and concentrated on the son. She encouraged the boy to undress her and then she slowly unwrapped the boy. His first experience with fellatio caused him to cry out with joy. Taking a very long time Ivory at last relieved the boy of his virginity. For good measure she took him a second time. The ugly father was quite impressed with Ivory and thanked her thoroughly. The boy told Ivory repeatedly that he loved her. Ivory was flattered and amused.

The situation reminded her of her former tutor Hannah. She recalled that Hannah had been purchased by a merchant as tutor to two children. Had she deflowered her young charges yet? Was she serving her master in the same ways Ivory served Theodore? With sadness, Ivory realized that she would probably never know the answer to those questions. 

A week long holiday neared and Master Theodore would not need Ivory for some time. Lisa asked if she could bring Ivory along on her scheduled trip to visit her friend Agatha. As it happened Theodore would be spending the off days doing inventory as well as preparing for the upcoming planting season so he would have no time for either his fiance or his slave. Theodore gave his blessing and Lisa excitedly informed Ivory that she could go. Excitedly the women packed and Lisa informed Ivory that,

"Agatha is a wonderful friend and he has a male slave who is simply gorgeous!"