 Following is the next hour of a wish that comes true for two lovers, destined to be apart, are given 24 hours to learn, live, laugh and love with leaving no ill effects when their time is up. 

"What's for breakfast?" his deep voiced hummed through the room as his chuckle brought a smile to my face. I leaned up and kissed his lips before slowly sliding myself off of him. Sitting on the edge of the bed, my feet dangle, my pink polished toes brush against the floor, I take a moment to reflect on the gift we've been given. I feel the bed shift as my friend, dream lover and now my real lover slides across the bed and sits beside me. I notice his feet touch the carpet, I feel safe and protected in his presence, his aura surrounds my soul and I know that though we only have hours together, this moment in time is for us. 

I move to pick up my robe and feel his touch against my back, "Leave it."

His fingers run along my arm, pausing at my hand, he curls his palm in mine. Rising to our feet we both meander through my home, I see the things in my life shine brighter then before, as if a window has been added to my walls. This window brings in such great light as if it is wanting to streak and course through every corner of my home, lighting it up so that we may see everything together, remember every detail of this day. I watch as light hits his body, glistening each bead of sweat that has yet not dried from our passionate mating. My eyes roam his naked flesh as he walks ahead of me, holding my hand. I rove over him, letting my mind keep track of how he moves. The chords of muscle flex as his body walks along a well worn path to my kitchen, I catch the apple he has tossed at me. "Eat this." I hear him say as a look of determination crosses his face, I can tell my own expression is one of a questioning nature. I wonder what he is thinking as I take a deep bite of the apple, feeling the juice run slowly down my lips.

He looks back as the crunch of the apple grabs his attention, turning to me I stare into his eyes, a storm is brewing there, a raging wind and fury, his eyes darken with desire. His mouth descends on my lips, licking the juice from the apple as he brings his arms around my body, pressing my pussy against his erection, once again yearning for my touch. His kiss is hard against my lips, his tongue tracing the curve of them, sucking and licking the sweet juice from my face. He raises his head and looks into my eyes. I can feel my skin heat as the hunger in his eyes causes my own body to react as if instinct has taken over and it must feed. I move my body closer to his, pressing my breast against his chest, feeling the hair on his body tickling my nipples. A growl from his soul runs through my body as he quickly turns from our embrace, pulling me along down the hall. 

I eat my apple, enjoying the feel of the cold fruit hitting my empty belly, settling the hunger that was rising. As I half follow, and am half dragged towards my bathroom, I rake his body again. This time lust is what fuels my imagination as I ponder the form of his backside. I watch his body move, each lift of a leg moving his ass, tempting me to touch him. His strong legs move quickly and assuredly through my home, as if they know where to go, as if everything he wants is suddenly there in his mind, as if he knew where it always was. Reaching the bathroom he turns to me, I gaze up at him, taking in the passion filled look on his face, wanting to feel him express his need for me, soon.

Placing his hands on my hips he tightens his hold and lifts me, placing my ass on the counter. I squeal and wiggle while my naked self learns the temperature of the marble. Growing accustomed to the feel of the cold lifeless slab under my ass, I eat my apple, enjoying the view of my lover bending over the tub, feeling the water, adjusting its temperature. I angle my head hoping to get a peek of more of his lovely flesh, a glimpse of his erection is my reward. I finish my appetizer, placing the apple core on the counter I wait for my human breakfast feast. He turns towards me at the same moment my tongue had been licking the sticky juice from my lips, he steps quickly to me, tilting my head back he thrust his tongue deep into my mouth, licking and stroking mine as he taste the sweet apple juice lingering in my mouth. Our mouths twist and turn as we stroke and suck, tasting each other, loving each other. When he releases my lips I can no longer taste the apple, but only him. 

His hands move to my legs, lifting one up on one side of his hip before he urges the other to wrap around him. I tighten the hold my legs have on him as he scoots his hands under my ass, lifting me and supporting me so I may straddle his waist. His cock is pressed against my pussy, longing to let itself slide deep into me. My mouth kisses his neck, slowly nibbling it, tasting it, stroking it. Moving he places one foot into the tub, the water hitting our skin to sting at my leg, until the temperature is no longer a shock on my body. I place my hand against the wall to steady and support us, my legs still wrapped around him, as he moves his other leg into the shower. Together the water falls across us, he lifts and shifts me on his body, his cock still aching to be buried inside as I release the wall, wrapping my arm around his neck and allowing the other to close the shower curtain, encasing us in our own heated waterfall. 

He presses his lips to mine again and I run my fingers through his hair, letting the water flow over his head, coaxing it to fully soak him. He smiles against my lips, then moves my legs from his body. I let myself support my weight with his shoulders as I steady my legs on the shower floor. I look up to his face, the warm light in his eyes has turned to a glowing ember, awoken and raging to escape. He stretches his arm behind me reaching for the bath sponge, it looks small in his hand as he squeezes a large dollop of bath wash onto its surface. I sigh as the first touch of his ministrations begin.

I close my eyes and let one hand rest on his hip while the other he washes for me. I can feel the sponge run across my arm, soaping it all over, cleaning it as it rubs under my arm, then up and over my shoulder. Sighing quietly, the sponge slides across my neck, moves to my other arm and he begins the soapy caress on that arm also. The sponge moves from under my arm to slide down my ribs, his knuckles and the sponge run gently over the curve of my breast. Moaning, I feel the sponge move under my breast, lifting it to clean the smooth flesh. His tongue sneaks out and licks the nipple, hardening it to form a perfect peak, before he moves his mouth away to slide the soap over that treasure as well. He works a lather on the other breast the same way as he did its mate, kissing it before soap finds its way to cover my nipple from his prying eyes.

I open my eyes to see him slide slowly to the shower floor, I hear a stutter fall from my lips, as his tongue licks my pussy from the back to the front. One good lick is all I receive before the sponge glides across my belly to my wet haven below. He continues to stroke my thighs, cleansing one then the other, sliding his hands down my calf muscles he works the sponge up and around it heating my skin. My ankle is washed, circled and massaged with soap bubbles left to cling and slide, my toes curl in delight as he washes and admires each polished nail. He slides the sponge over the other leg, gliding across the back of my calf and knee. I feel the sponge being brought to the front of my body, it runs across the front of my thigh, then nestles against my warm aroused pussy.

I clench my muscles tight as he slides the sponge over me, feeling it slide further down the curve of my body, my legs spread wide as he massages the sponge up and down. As he focuses his attention on my heated sex, my own hands move along the places he had worship, rinsing the traces of soap from my skin. The shower water flows over me, letting my head fall back I feel it hitting my breast causing a ripple along the porcelain globe. I look down at him as he presses his hands to my hips, turning me so my ass is facing him. The water falls in pellets against my back and I feel it slide down burying itself between my wet cheeks.

I groan loud as I feel a kiss pressed against first one cheek then the next, taking a small bite of each one before he cleanses them. The sponge slides up, down, left then right as he covers every inch of my ass. His hand takes the sponge further up my body, covering my back with soapy suds. Up and down he strokes me, as he continues to wash my skin, the water flows over each muscle as I let it ease away any thoughts of this dream ending. I feel his hands on my shoulder, pressing into my neck to turn me around to face him, our lips cover each others and I melt into his arms. I feel clean, refreshed, new as if it has just been scrubbed of every painful event in my life and then coated with a fine sheen of silk.

He tilts my head back, combing his fingers through my hair, letting the water fill in the curls as he works through the tangles, slowly loosening them till he can glide his hands freely through it. The beat of the water, massages my scalp, I hear the sounds of the shampoo bottle being opened, followed by the cool soap being worked into my long tresses. I feel my legs weaken as his fingers lift and tug at my hair, moving it in large handfuls as the shampoo is worked deep into my scalp. I bite my lower lip as he moves the pads of his thumbs into my neck, easing my muscles as the water had eased my tension and fears. He moves my head back again under the water, bending his head to my neck I feel a slight kiss upon my skin, as fingers and water work with soap. As the suds rinse away he licks on my neck, sucking gently, slowly tugging my skin into his mouth he sucks harder, enjoying my moans of rising desire. Moving his hands from my hair I raise my head up and he begins to work in the conditioner, again paying my head complete attention as each strand of hair is allowed to be healed and refreshed. Once my hair is finished I let my eyes roam over his body, smiling up at him, I tell him, "Your turn."

His smirk makes my mouth grin wide, I slowly step closer to his body and let my breast touch his chest, my nipples hard from the need and desire he has provoked in me. He squirms under my touch, I feel the power of controlling him run through my skin, I lower my lips to his nipple and suck gently. "That isn't going to get me clean you know?" he tells me as I suck harder on his body. Shrugging my shoulders I continue to lick and suck the water from off him.

"I'm cleaning you my way." I mumble against his nipple. My fingers stroke the other, teasing it pulling it, twisting it gently, his groans of approval urge me further. My teeth pull the hard bud into my mouth, my tongue flicking it across the tip, drawing it into my mouth I suck his nipple hard, enjoying the tugging and pulling I place on his skin. My mouth moves over to his other nipple, not sparing it any mercy as I bite it, bringing into my mouth, sucking hard, again his groan makes my body tighten, feeling the surge of power, letting me suck his nipple harder, biting his skin, his hand pressing into my hair.

I move my tongue slowly down the center of his chest, loving each flex and twitch of muscle that jumps under my strokes. His body is quivering underneath my hands, they move slower down him as does my mouth. My knees bend and I settle myself before him, he is like a prize, waiting to be claimed, waiting for the right woman to lay claim to his body. I feel the water hitting my skin as my tongue licks his balls, closing my eyes, I allow my heart to guide me. 

My tongue presses the right sphere, caressing it and flicking it gently, over and over I allow my tongue to push against the hidden jewel. I could feel his scrotum tighten with each stroke of my tongue. My hands continue to roam his body, one moving slowly down his thigh, then grazing back up the inside, my nails skim along the sensitive flesh underneath his balls. He groans loud as his sound of encouragement beckons me further, sliding my tongue across the bottom of his tight sack, I proceed to pull the left sphere into my mouth, tasting him, stroking him with my tongue, again I lick and lap at his ball. Opening my mouth I slide his balls, guiding them with my hand, into my hot haven of moisture. Sucking gently at first, coaxing his balls into my mouth, my jaw becomes accustomed to the feel of him, calming my bodies natural reflexes to reject this perfect gift, as I begin to suck him with more pressure.

I feel his hand digging into my hair pressing me to him, looking up I see his eyes through the haze of water that is streaking over us. Closing my eyes I slide my tongue underneath the sack, as it stays bunched in my mouth, finally I allow his balls their freedom and guide them out with my tongue and hand. Cupping his scrotum in my palm, I move, rub, and stroke it slowly, while my tongue slides up the shaft of his cock. My mouth reaches the tip, placing a kiss on its center, before moving down the sides of him, to lick and enjoy once more. Moving over his cock with long licks and strokes, I drink the water from his body, only to have it replaced by more from the shower. Circling his cock with licks, I slide my tongue up to the head, this time using my hand to guide his penis head into my mouth.

My mouth wraps around the head of his cock, sucking it as I swirl my tongue around the tip, my nails bite into his skin. The sounds of grunting and the movement of his hips urge me forward, my mouth covering his whole shaft. "Yes!" I hear him growl out. Sliding my mouth deeper against him, sucking harder, my tongue presses against the tip as my hands continue to occupy themselves with his balls and ass. I feel the blood rushing through the veins of his shaft, reminding me of liquid being ran through a straw. More and more I urge his cock to cum to me, to let me finish my breakfast. I hunger for him, his touch, his emotions, his raw passion. I hunger for all of him and I hunger for this moment.

His cock rams hard against the back of my throat, but I continue to give it long strokes of mouth and tongue. My lips roll over the head, then back down again. Faster I move, harder I suck. Stroking his balls, my nails slide against the sensitive place just under his sack, just as his finger twist in my hair. He pushes my head on his cock the same time he thrusts his hips forward. His hot seed is emptied into me, filling my mouth with its liquid heat. My mouth slides just a small ways from the base of his cock to ease the pressure, making more room in my mouth to suck and stroke. I swallow his cum each time he sends more down my throat. I feel his hands on my shoulders and I look up at him, sliding my mouth off his cock, I reach for the sponge and the soap.

I wash my mate's legs, the long firm muscles flex under my touch, his hair becomes soapy and bubbles collect all over him. His ankles and toes are treated each accordingly with tender rubbings. My hand moves back up to his thigh, running the sponge over the front then circling to the back. I bring the cloth back down the full length of one leg and then the inside. I wash circles across his inner muscle before slowly sliding the soapy suds over his cock, cleansing it with the sponge and my soapy fingers, stroking him to harden against the slick bubbles. The erotic washing moves to his other side. Working my fingers into his skin, cleaning and relaxing his body, as sponge and soap move as one to cover and clean his whole leg. I press my finger against his ankle and slowly massage soap against it. My hand moves up the back of his leg, resting under his ass cheek, my nails touch it gently, before I rise. 

Our lips meet again, a long slow kiss of pleasure, his tongue cleans the taste of him off my own and he licks my lips. I step back and wash his shoulders, running a path down his arms, then his fingers. Each one is loved, cared for and enjoyed, each feeling special in its own way. I move the sponge to the other hand, reading the lines on his palm before they disappear to be covered in a blanket of soap. Once again my fingers skim over his muscles as each stroke of the sponge cleanses his body. Reaching his shoulder I slide the cloth under his neck, seeing the pulse beating underneath its thin protective casing, I look into his eyes, "I love you" I whisper to him.

"And I you."

My mouth moves to his nipple, giving it a lick and a kiss before the soap devours it, leaving it hidden from my lips. I place a lingering kiss on the other, again my lips are chased away by the need to wash him. The sponge moves back and forth across his chest, over each hard nipple, his body shutters at the textured touch. My hand comes to his belly and smoothly I run the soap across him. Sliding the sponge to each hip and up one side. I cleanse his underarm before switching hands to slide the sponge down the remaining side, being sure he enjoys my presence. Standing we slowly and with some friendly chuckles and giggles trade places in the tub. 

He faces me, our lips touch for a soft gentle kiss before I reach for the shampoo. Squeezing some on the palm of my hand I work in the soap, cleansing his hair, watching the suds cover it. My fingers massage his scalp, his neck, his temples. When all of his head is covered I stand on my toes to help rinse the soap clean from his locks. I repeat each process with the same loving caresses and motions with the conditioner. Hearing his sighs of pleasure, the water and I work as one to rinse this too from his hair. I place my hands on his still soapy chest and press him to turn into the spraying water.

As the water hits his body, he uses his hands to slip the soap off of him. Grabbing the sponge again, I use it this time to wash his back, cleansing it of the sweat our bodies had produced earlier. The sponge and my hands move to his waist, running along from side to side the sponge washes each part, leaving a soapy layer behind. Over his ass I move the tool, squeezing it to release more of the trapped suds and water, circling each cheek, washing it. Tossing the sponge, I hear it smack against the floor of the tub. I move to place my hands on his shoulders again, turning him to me, his body clean. Soap falls from his back, with the onslaught of water behind him, my lips once again face him and we kiss gently. He takes his cock and slides it over my wet lips, I smile into his mouth as I hear myself ask, "Now, do you think we'll stay clean if we do that?" His laugh is drowned out by the sound of my voice raining his name throughout the room, as his hard cock slams into me. 

"I'm tired of being clean." He growls into my ear as he grabs my ass and thrusts harder into my pussy. My head falls back as each pump of his cock, brings waves crashing through my body. He controls me, controls us, as each time he pulls and returns, he goes deeper, my pussy clenching harder. He moves his hips in a circle as his fingers grip into my ass. Screwing me against the walls of my pussy, we stir our juices again and again, blending our hairs together making us one. Faster he pushes into me, harder I clench his shaft, together we grind and pump moving to a new rhythm as each one of us learns how the other likes to be pleasured. I move my lips to his neck and I feel my passion building to great heights as each impalement of his cock brings me closer to release. His mouth is on my shoulder as I feel his final drive into me. His mouth opens and bites my neck as his cum floods my pussy. My own orgasm slams down against me and covers his cock, my own savage hunger is released as I too use my teeth to mark him, own him, master him. 

We continue to clench and pump, our bodies humming to each others emotions, feeding off of one another. I feel his shots of cum filling me up, taking me as his woman, again and again he spasms inside me. My own passion flows freely, no longer do I hold back what I feel, but let it leave my body to join with his, to let him know that forever I will be his whether here or in our dreams. I settle my body against his and he holds me gently, kissing my forehead and moving back to cup my chin in his hand, he kisses my lips as he moves back allowing his cock to slide out of me. Turning he shuts down the water and moves the curtain open, the room billows with steam as he helps me to step from the shower onto the rug then follows close behind me.
