 She looked left and looked right, being careful where she stepped. She couldn't believe she was actually going about and doing this. It was a nice day outside. Plenty of sun and good fun. She slowly made her way over the wooded terrain and saw him. She was careful not to try to go off and get his attention.

He was standing looking around at the sky. He was a big guy, wearing a black T-Shirt (he was nuts, wearing a color that soaked in the heat), and black shorts. Even with his dress sense she really wanted to go about and cuddle him like he was an extremely large teddy bear. He rubbed the goatee on his chin and spoke.

"Looks like it's going to rain?"

Christi turned around and looked at Bill, as he turned to look at her. There wasn't a cloud in the sky. She gave him a skeptical look as it was so hot that you could fry an egg. She was about to speak but he quickly went and wrapped his arms around her.

"What do you mean it looks like it's going to rain?" she asked, "Do you always have to be so pessimistic. I mean, black is a sexy color and all, but I'm surprised you haven't fainted due to heat stroke or something."

He chuckled slightly. He called it his "heh", they first met years ago when they had a common interest in improv theater. She actually did it, he just liked it. It had been a wild roller-coaster ride since then. The two of them always flirted with their feelings for each other, but it really never went more then that, flirting. He walked over to her.

"Well I'll tell you why it's going to rain," he said in all seriousness. He pointed up at a tree, "I learned this when I was in ROTC, see how that bird there is working on it's nest," Christi turned around to look and felt his arms wrap around her.

"Captured!" as he picked her up from the ground.

"Hey! No fair! You cheated!" Christi said pounding on his back as he carried her to base.

"Who said anything about cheating? This is capture the flag you know," he replied. He wanted to go off and have Christi on his team, they could have went "scouting" and just left the game in general. He still had to put his best face forward though so his friends didn't think he was trying to ditch them to have some alone time with her.

"You can at least put me down!" she said, "I'll come willingly."

"That's what I hope," he replied, "after the game that is."

Bill put her down, but held onto her wrist, and gave a good look over her. She was wearing a good pair of hiking boots, dark blue denim shorts, and dark purple t-shirt. He never really noticed her wearing an outfit like this. Between the two of them she was more prim and proper then he. Her red hair was slightly damp due to sweat. He was actually surprised that she seemed to be enjoying herself never the less. 

"I'm going to have to interrogate you when we get back to base. You aren't going to like it," he said.

"Well, if you let me use the whips and chains instead of you using them, we'll both like it," she said with a smirk.

"Hey, you know I have a low pain threshold," he replied, pulling her to him and wrapping an arm around her shoulder. She leaned her head on his shoulder. This was normally odd as she really didn't care for public displays of affection. He shrugged it off though as currently there weren't people around.

"You are so going to get it," she replied, "You won't know what hit you, the next thing you and the rest of the team will be captured and we'll be victorious!"

He turned to look at her. A bead of sweat started to drip down her face. He reached over and caught drop of sweat at her chin. She simply smiled as they stopped at the "base."

The base was a small little building, just enough to keep some elements out. He looked around, the blue flag was still there, but no one else was there.

"No one is guarding the flag!" he said as he picked up the flag from the ground and brought the "prisoner" inside.

"Hey that's cheating!" she said.

"Someone has to guard the flag," he said, "And I'm not staying out there with even more skeeters and frying in the sun. I'll wait for someone to come back. For a guy that wants to win the bet he's really stupid."

"Bet?" Christi asked as she sat down on one of the wooden deck chairs that were in the small building.

"Yeah, Jarod and John have a bet on the outcome of the game. Jarod mentioned it, but wasn't able to give me any details about it or the bet would be off," he said sitting down next to her, and then leaned back his chair. Christi seemed to like this idea herself, as she leaned her chair back. In the back of his mind he hoped the game would be over quickly and someone would come back soon to say that it was over, but he was hoping to have some alone time with her. He turned his head and noticed that she was huffing and puffing a bit at the air. Looking up he noticed that she was keeping a feather afloat. She blew it away a bit, out of her airspace, and he smiled, and blew up at the air, blowing the feather back up. She laughed. He liked her laugh. He couldn't think of many things that he didn't like about her. It was almost like opposites attracted when it came down to them.

The feather play continued for a moment until a hard, heavy gust of wind came through the small shack. Bill sat up and looked out one of the glassless windows as the sky started to get gray. It didn't take long before it started to downpour. He got up from his chair and exited the building. It was hot outside, the cool water would help. He had his eyes closed as he looked up at the sky, and felt two arms around him.

"Captured," Christi's voice said. He turned around and she ran from him giggling. They chased each other in the rain for a short period of time until he caught her again, though he had a funny feeling that she let him catch her. He brushed a bit of her wet bangs from her eyes and looked into her eyes. He could easily get lost in her eyes, as his hand brushed against her cheek. In an instant, the two of them started to kiss. It was one of those things where you didn't know who initiated it. He just knew that his arms were wrapped around her, and her arms were wrapped around him. Her fingernails gouged through his own t-shirt as the two of them kissed passionately, as if their lives depended on it. He picked her up and brought her back inside for some protection from the elements. Anyone could come at any moment trying to get protection from the rain. He put her down on her feet inside and she immediately jumped at him again, backing him up against the wall. She ran her hands up inside his shirt and removed it from his torso.

Two could play at this game he thought as he pulled her own wet shirt over her head. He pushed her back onto one of the lounge chairs and hovered over top of her, diving for one more kiss on the lips before kissing his way across her jaw and down her neck. His hands brushed over her wet shoulders and moved her bra straps down off of them. She stopped him for a moment and unhooked her bra. He kissed her again as she did this and took both of her plentiful breasts into his hands. This was a real woman. He hated those women that looked like sticks with legs. Christi had perfect curves as he massaged her breasts as he kissed along the top of her cleavage. She moaned gently to this, causing him to go back and forth between each of her nipples on her breasts. He started to kiss down the valley of her breasts, moving his hands down from her breasts and down to her shorts. He quickly unbuttoned and unzipped them, and with one movement brought the shorts and her panties down, tossing them to the side. She looked at him with a look of pleasure on his face as he lifted one of her legs and started to kiss up her inner thigh from her knee, planting small tongue flicks all the way up till he got to her shaved lips. He took his time as he licked the outside of the lips, causing slight gasps from her.

He circled his way around her lips, his hands stroking up her hips and abs. He tilted his head slightly and slipped the tip of his tongue partially inside her.

"Oh Bill," she whispered as he started to run the tip of his tongue up and down her slit. It was already wet, and it was good. He slid more of his tongue in and continued the up and down motion that he started, which brought out some grunts and gasps from her as she started to open up for him in arousal. He decided to start using what turned out to be a gift, as he flattened his tongue extremely wide. He brought a hand down to make sure she stayed open and he started to do full licks. His tongue covered over entrance and then fully ran over her clit. He continued this process getting louder moans and more gasps. He took her clit into his mouth and started to suck on it, nibbling at it occasionally, but primarily sucked and tapped his tongue against it. Two fingers went inside of her and wiggled around her insides, causing her to squirm and moan in pleasure. He removed his fingers from inside of her and slipped his tongue inside of her.

"Oh god, Oh Bill," she cried out in pleasure as he used his nose to rub at her clit as he scraped her inner walls with his tongue, swirling it around her entrance instead of thrusting it in and out. He felt her legs clamp around his head as she screamed out in pleasure, the flow of wetness attacked his tongue.

"Oh god, oh god, keep...oh god....AHhhhhh..." she said her body shaking in orgasmic pleasure. He continued to cause her to ride the orgasm as he started to pay more attention to her clit. She started to mew a bit as she released the death lock around his head. He continued to pay attention downstairs, as if cleaning up the mess with his tongue.

"Oh god..." she started, and released a long pleasurable sigh as he started to kiss her way up her body. Sun was shining on her glowing face. He looked up and he noticed the rain had stopped.

"I really hate to say this," he started, "but someone might show up now that it's not raining."

"No one is going to show up," she replied as coolly as possible.

"What do you mean?" he asked.

"The wager was if you would had the guts to try something like this when you while thinking that you could have gotten caught," she replied, "I won."

"You what..." Bill started, but Christi pushed him over onto his back. He started to say something else but she put a finger to his lips.

"Silence," she said a bit sternly. He shut up, but that was more to the kiss he received as he felt her deft hands removing his own shorts. He felt her hand around his shaft as she started to tug at his hardness, and slowly impaled herself onto him. This time it was his turn to groan.

She felt wet. She felt tight, as he put his hands on her shoulders. She continued to impale herself on his shaft.

"Oh Bill, Ooooh Bill," she said as she continued to ride him. His hands went down to her breasts as he tweaked her nipples, "Your cock feels so good, oh Bill, oh yeah," she inhaled deeply and looked up at roof of the shack as she started to ride him faster. He was trying to hold back as she started to scream his name. He felt as if she got even tighter around him. Her body tensed up, and it was a thing of beauty as she started to have another orgasm.

"Cum for me Bill, Come on...." she started to grunt as she rode him. The sensations were just too much for Bill to take. She squeezed tighter as he continued to watch her quiver on top of him, droplets of water running down her body, a drip falling from one of her nipples. He groaned as he felt a geyser come from him into her molten pussy. The feeling of the liquids crashing into each other while she squeezed the life of him was too much to take, he closed his eyes to burn the vision that was in front of him into his brain for good.

"Oh Bill!" she cried out one more time, "Oh, oh, oh, oh..." as she collapsed in a heap on his chest, as he finally finished his own orgasm. The two wet heaps started to breath heavy.

"God, I've been waiting for that," she said as she started to cuddle into his chest, "but now I feel sleepy."

"You just had to ask you know," he said, his arms wrapped around her, "but if you don't mind, I'd rather not sleep on the ground. I don't need pine needles up my ass."

She laughed, "You're right, and we need to get cleaned up."

"Now that I won't mind," he said. He knew that they would be heading back to the car a bit disheveled. Their clothes were covered with mud. Hell they were partially covered with mud. It looked like they were playing in the mud on purpose. That of course would get remarks of "Oh yeah, playing in the mud, so that's what they call it now."

It would be hard to cover up what happened. Then again, it was probably the best thing that could have happened. If anyone asked, he would just say that they were just wasting time. They didn't need to know the intimate details. They finished getting dressed and he offered Christi his arm, which she took. It looked as though they were out of the game as they walked through the damp woodland.