 We're in my car driving back from dinner fairly late on a summer's night. You've got a short skirt on and I can't help but get distracted by your perfect bare legs which are raised up as you've reclined the seat to its farthest setting, your feet sat atop the dash. I glance at your toes and love the dark red nail varnish you've chosen. Next time I look over you've a naughty smile on your face. You slide your hand up under your skirt and start to play with yourself. You pull off your knickers and throw them over the gearstick. I'm trying to concentrate on the road but can't stop glancing to my left. I look back at the road then some moments later I feel your fingers on my lips, then inside my mouth. I taste your juices and greedily suck your fingers clean.

I feel you rubbing my crotch with your other hand. Moments later I feel you unzipping my shorts and freeing my now hard cock. You take me in your mouth and it feels fucking amazing. I can concentrate on the road no longer so pull over into a small lay-by. You start licking up and down either side of my hard shaft and then all over the head and round the rim. I almost cum there and then once you start deep throating me. My cock is so warm and wet from your hot mouth sucking me deep and hard. I pull you up and push you back in your seat and you spread your legs, your sexy feet pressed up against the front window. It's hot thinking how any passing cars could see you playing with yourself in the passenger seat. 

You've pulled off your top and are now squeezing your pert nipples whilst playing with your pussy. I push my seat back so it's fully reclined then take down my shorts and pants before pulling you over and atop of me, so you're now straddling me and facing the front window. Your hands immediately find the steering wheel then push up against the front window once I've entered you from behind. 

You let out a moan as you start pulling your pussy on and off of my length. I spank your arse and sit back further so you can lean into me. I'm playing with your tits; kissing your neck and pulling your hair as you lean back, grinding yourself deeper onto me. You're rubbing your clit as I push myself up a bit, making you lean forwards, so the top of your head is almost touching the front window, your tits now pressing against the dashboard. I increase my thrusts and you feel my cock hitting your g spot and are now crying out.

I fuck you harder, pulling your hips down deep onto me then pushing you forward off of me. It's not long before I feel you cum and your pussy get real warm and wet around my cock. I pull you off me and you sit back on the passenger seat. You lean over and grasp my cock with both your hands but I tell you we're leaving, pull up my shorts and start the ignition. I can tell you're wondering why I didn't have you finish me off but you obey, rolling down your skirt and slipping your top back on. 

Half an hour passes and you've realised we aren't going home yet. I've taken us off down country lanes and the anticipation and excitement of what is in store next is getting you aroused again. We drive down a very secluded county lane, pull over at a look-out point and I kill the engine. I step outside the car and walk around to the front where I watch you fingering yourself, then licking your fingers one by one, tasting your juices.

I'm really hard now and you can see my erection through my shorts. I walk around to the passenger side, open the door and pull you up and out of the car. I pick you up and lay you on the bonnet, pulling up your skirt and spreading your legs wide before hungrily eating your pussy, sucking and licking your clit and lips. I can taste your cum from half an hour ago mixed with the fresh juices from your current arousal. I can tell you're close so I pause, then step back and pull down my shorts. I pick you up and bend you over the car bonnet. You arch your back, stick your arse in the air and slightly splay your legs. You are fucking turned on and are now loving the feeling of cold metal against your tits and stomach and the hot warm ecstasy between your legs. I slide inside you from behind and immediately fill you up totally. You reach round and start playing with my balls as I plunge my rock hard cock in and out of you, withdrawing fully after each thrust, occasionally slapping your arse cheeks with it. 

You're begging me to give you a proper seeing to so I get you kneeling on all fours on the car bonnet but then leave you there for a few minutes. You look round and see me standing behind you, slowly wanking my cock whilst admiring your amazing arse and pussy as you kneel on all fours atop the bonnet. The thought of another car pulling up and seeing us is sending you over the edge. You suddenly feel my mouth on you and back yourself up right onto my tongue. You soak my mouth with your hot pussy juices which I then smear over your arse so I can slide my little finger inside it whilst I push my cock back into your pussy. You're moaning very loudly and I know it won't be long. I pull your hips right into me and start driving my cock deep inside your pussy as I fuck you doggy style on the bonnet. I slam into you over and over, fucking you right up to the hilt, giving you every inch of me. Your orgasm hits hard and I feel you shaking in pleasure and the immediate sensation of your hot warm cum all around my cock. I pull out; you turn around and sit on the bonnet, taking me back in your mouth. You start wanking me off and sucking on the tip of my cock whilst doing so. It's not long before I erupt, covering your tits with several blasts of hot spunk. We see headlights so quickly get up and pull on our clothes. We drive home in silence, still feeling fucking aroused, our sex organs still throbbing!