 "Damn it!" Julie exclaimed. She didn't need this. The lights on the dash of her boyfriend's car were on. She didn't know what they meant, or how long they had been on, but her boyfriend, John, loved his car. 

She'd promised that she would be extra careful before he would allow her to drive it all the way to L.A. 

He had been scheduled to be in L.A. for only a week, but now his company had extended it to a month. He needed his car, and Julie needed him.

Now the damn light was on, and in the middle of nowhere. There was a town or rest stop up ahead; she could see some buildings. She pulled off the freeway and saw a gas station, a casual diner, and nothing else. 

She had little cash with her and she'd cut up her credit cards last month in one of her not so calm moments. Looking back, it had been an overreaction due to receiving a bill of over $2500. She'd only bought a few pair of shoes and a couple of outfits that looked really good on her. Well, she did throw that party for Gail, but it was her birthday. 

In a fit of anger her credit cards became confetti on the floor while she'd sworn to only live within her means from then on.

She pulled into the gas station and got out of the car.

"Hello," she called out, "is anyone here?"

A man with white hair and in need of a shave stepped out of the garage, wiping his hands with a red cloth. He obviously had never visited a gym in his life and was older than dirt. 

"Can I help you?" he asked. 

Oh good, she thought, this guy probably hasn't had sex in years. I can flirt with him and get John's car fixed for free. She had often gotten a lot of things for free just by smiling and batting her eyes. Sometimes it required showing a little skin, accidentally, of course, but she always got what she wanted and only rarely had to pay. 

"The lights in my boyfriend's car came on and I thought that I should get it checked out. I wouldn't want anything to happen to his car." She smiled that sexy little smile of hers, with her head down, looking up at him through her eyelashes.

Bill looked her over, eyeing her up and down. His gas station had been closed for several months now due to the opening of several major stations just two miles down the road. He had only come here today to work on his own car.

"Let's take a look at it, okay? Your boyfriend's car you say?" he asked as he popped the hood. 

"Yes, I'm driving it to him in L.A. and I would hate it if I broke his car," she said batting her eyes again. 

Bill looked at the engine. She watched him push on greasy things and pull on wires, then rub all of that grease on his chin making "hmmm" sounds. 

"It's a good thing that you stopped when you did," he said, pushing on a wire.

"Is it bad?" she asked, leaning on the fender across from him and making sure that he had a good view of her cleavage.

"Oh yes," he said. "This car could have caught fire any minute." 

Shock and fear gripped her; she could have died. It no longer mattered what this man looked like, that he was old, fat, greasy—a typical low-life. She would pull out all the stops and flirt with him openly and suggestively. He could even fondle her breasts and grab her ass if it would get her back on the road.

She leaned forward, giving him a better view of her charms. He could now look down her blouse and see her breasts. She couldn't afford to take any chances now if the car she was driving could catch fire. 

He stared at her breasts for a long while before adding, "I can fix it, but it will take a while. I'll drop everything that I'm working on now to work on it for you. I know that you are in a hurry to see your boyfriend." 

Julie was pleased that just showing a little of her breasts worked so well on him, and happy that John's car hadn't caught fire. She leaned a little closer to him, making sure that his eyes never left her breasts. She now had to get him to not charge her for the repairs. 

"I hope that it won't be too expensive," she said, lifting her chest a little higher.

"I'll do it as cheap as I can," he said, "is money a problem? This would normally be a $2000 job and take the better part of a day, but I might be able to fix it enough for you to get to L.A. You can take it in somewhere there or let your boyfriend take care of it." 

Julie's face dropped at the price. Her body was her only asset and she had to use it to its fullest potential. She'd have to go further with this low class cretin than she'd ever had to with any other repairman. 

She reached up and unbuttoned two of the top buttons on her blouse and leaned forward. "I hope that it won't cost that much," she cooed, pulling her blouse open.

She knew that she had to keep him thinking about her sexy body if she had any chance at all of getting this repair work done and the car back on the road. She had never gotten anything that cost this much for free before, but she was willing to do whatever it took. She only had $40 in her purse. 

"Let's crawl under her and have a look. It could be a little bit cheaper if the damage isn't too bad," he said. 

Perfect, she thought. Her short skirt and thong could be used to great advantage with him lying on the floor. She needed him thinking with his cock instead of his brain. 

He got onto his crawler and wheeled himself under the car, then stuck his head out to address her.

"At least the main line isn't ruptured," he said, disappearing back under the car.

She positioned herself over the spot where his head had appeared and spread her legs.

In a short time she heard the crawler moving again, then nothing. She smiled to herself. I'm glad I'm wearing a pink thong. She waited a while, allowing him to enjoy the view before asking, "How bad is it?" 

He slid out from under the car, forcing her to move out of the way.

"I think that I can get you back on the road for $500, maybe a little less if I have one of the parts in the shop."

Her face went white. "Isn't there some way that I can get on the road without paying so much?" she pleaded.

She opened her blouse, completely baring her breasts. She grabbed his hands and placed them on her breasts. She looked him in the eyes with a pitiful look that said she would do anything. "Please?" she said.

"I don't know, maybe I could knock off another hundred. It's not often that a pretty young thing lets me fondle her breasts."

"You can fondle all you want. I really need this done and I don't have very much money," she said.

"$300 is about as low as I can go, and it's costing me money to do that," he said.

She took his hand and placed it on her ass under her skirt. "I'll make out with you and you can grope me all you want. I'll even get naked for you." She was begging now. 

"This is going to cost me a lot of money. I'm not chargin' any labor and I'll eat another hundred bucks off the cost of the parts since you'll make out with me naked." 

"How about a blow job?" she asked. "What would that be worth?"

"And the naked make-out for at least fifteen minutes?" he asked.

"Okay," she said.

I'll knock it down to $200, but that had better be one hell of a blow job," he said.

"I don't have $200." She was close to tears now. His right hand was still held to her left breast by her as she looked into his eyes, standing close so his other hand could explore under her skirt. "How about if I let you fuck me?" she asked, looking up at him.

"I'm losing a lot of money here, it can't be just a simple fuck," he said.

"What do you want?" She perked up a little at his admission that he might do the repairs. 

"How much money do you have?" he asked.

"I have $40, but I'll do whatever you want," she said.

"You have to let me fuck you for as long as I want and in whatever way I want. You will have to do whatever I say until I say that we're done."

"Okay," she said. This was more than she had thought that she would have to do, but what choice did she have?

"And the $40," he said.

She opened her purse and gave him the $40.

"Now we'll go into the back room and you can strip, then I want you to strip me and rub those lovely tits of yours all over my body," he directed. 

She followed him into the back room and reluctantly removed her clothing, then approached him and started to unbutton his shirt slowly, one button at a time.

"Kiss me," he demanded, "and show some interest or I won't fix your boyfriend's car."

She looked up at him and pressed her lips to his. She continued to unbutton his shirt as she slipped her tongue into his mouth. She pressed her breasts onto his bared chest and felt a desire building; it had been a long time for her. How could this greasy old man get her motor running even if it had been a while?

She started to moan, then stopped herself and stepped back from him to remove his pants. He is doing me a favor and this was the only payment that she could give him. He was older, but didn't really look that bad. It could be worse, she thought, and it had been a long time since she'd had sex.

She lowered his pants and his cock sprang free. It wasn't too large, about average in length, but it was thick, something she normally liked. She wondered if he knew how to use it.

She closed her mouth around his thick cock, stroking him with her lips, then used her tongue all over him before taking him deeply again. She was impressed by his restraint. Part of her wanted him to explode quickly so that she could be done with her payment, but there was another part of her, the fantasy part, that wanted him to last..

What happened was what fantasies were made of; fantasies were usually in the mind only, and would never happen in real life. Well, this fantasy was real, and the more she thought about it, the more aroused she became. His cock was still in her mouth when he pushed her back and directed her to lie on the floor. 

She lay back, luckily on the one small, clear spot in the cluttered little office. Dirt and grit attached to her back, but she realized she didn't care. The real and the fantasy had combined and she was in the middle of it. 

He removed the rest of his clothes and told her to spread her legs. He mounted her, filling her in a way that she hadn't been filled in a long time. His idea of foreplay was somewhat lacking, but her fantasy compensated. 

He raised her legs and plunged forward, filling her as much as he was able. He lasted much longer than she expected and when he came she was very close. She thought that for sure he was done, until he turned her over and took her doggie style.

She came after several strokes, but he was still going. She never imagined a man like this could still be ready for more. He abruptly stopped and told her to get up, as he wanted to take her against the wall. He positioned her, lifting her legs to his waist, and pounded into her until she was covered in sweat. She'd lost count of her orgasms. 

They ended up having sex everywhere in the little shop, across the hood of a car, on his creeper, and even against his big rolling toolbox. 

She was more satisfied than she had been in a while by the time that he was done. He got up, put his pants on, and walked into the garage. He replaced the broken fan belt in the car and told her that she was good to go. She would have no further trouble.