 Introduction

"What do I have to do to convince you I'm serious?" I asked my sexy wife of ten years. We were in bed, fucking, and as usual our sex talk turned to my favorite subject... my desire for my wife to fuck other men.

"Darling, do you really think you could handle letting another man fuck me?" Di asked. "It's one thing to fantasize about it, but quite another to actually go through with it."

"I could handle it," I said, sliding my cock slowly in and out of my hot wife's cunt. "You know how hot it makes me to hear about your past... your threesomes... fucking in front of other people... sucking that guy's cock while others watched you at that swing club. I want to share that with you, Di... Your being a slut."

"I'm not so sure you could," Di said. "I know you like to think about it... about me being a slut for you... but I'm afraid you wouldn't really want it, or me, if I went through with it."

"As I said, what do I have to do to convince you I'm serious?" I asked again, my cock throbbing inside Di's tight pussy.

"Why, darling? Why would you want me to do it?" she asked, moving her slender legs around mine, pumping slowly up off the bed to meet my thrusts.

"Because all my life I've loved porn. And I'd love you to be my personal porn star. I'd love to be doing this to you with your cunt filled with another man's cum," I whispered, meaning it, sliding my cock inside my wife's wet pussy.

"You're serious, aren't you?" she said.

"Yeah. I am!" I moaned, pumping harder now.

"Like this, baby?" Di asked. "You'd want me to fuck him like this... with his unprotected cock deep inside me, my cunt milking it, fucking it, until he came inside your slut wife's pussy? Is that what you'd like, darling?"

"GOD YESSSSS!!" I moaned.

"Do it, Jim. Fuck me! COME IN ME. Come on, Jimmy, baby. Come in my pussy for me," Di begged, feeling me ready to boil over inside her hot wet flesh. And so I did. Because my name's not Jim, and because that's the guy coming into town next week to have dinner with us, or at least with Di. An old friend. Former lover. And I was going to try to convince her to fuck him for me.

Chapter 1. 

The next morning when Di brought our coffee into the bedroom she said, "You were pretty far out there last night."

"How so?"

"Well... you sounded like you really meant what you said... about me fucking another man," she said, a little smirk on her face.

"I did, baby," I replied, my cock beginning to tingle just from hearing her talking about it again.

"Honey... I..."

"What, baby? Tell me," I said, concerned now.

"Well... you know Jim Lavern is coming to town this weekend, right?"

"Yeah, sure. Isn't that why you called me Jim last night. To enhance our fantasy?"

"Yeah. It is. But what if he wanted me to fuck him, baby? What if I met him at his hotel and went up to his room with him and let him fuck me? How would you feel about that?" Di asked, her expression a little anxious.

"Does this answer your question?" I replied, moving my bathrobe aside, letting her see my hard cock. "Just hearing about it did this to me, Di. I can only imagine how hot I'd be if you actually did it."

And so she did.

Chapter 2. Fucking another man for me

Fast forward to the weekend. Saturday afternoon. Di stepping out of the shower, her gorgeous body on display for me as it would be for Jim that night. She called him, and said I was sick, but that she'd love to meet him in his hotel for drinks. He agreed, of course. I knew if he'd known Di for a few years he must want to fuck her. Any guy who knows her wants her, especially the men who see the naked photos of her I post online. I've photographed her with her pussy spread open, inviting cocks to slide into it. With her cunt leaking my cum or piss after I came or peed in it. And with gobs of cum dripping from my cock down onto her face. So yeah, anyone who's seen her wants to fuck her. I love it.

"I want to select what you wear," I told her.

"I bet you do," she smirked.

"I'm serious, baby. I want him to know you're a slut... his slut for the evening. Okay?"

"This is your idea, Bill, so I'll follow your lead. What do you want me to wear?" she asked.

I went to her lingerie drawer and pulled out a black garter belt and lace stockings.

"Start by putting on these," I said, rummaging through the drawer for a pair of her lacy crotchless panties. "And wear these," I said, finding and handing them to her.

As I watched, gently fondling my naked cock, Di pulled on the stockings, then the garter belt, attaching the stockings to it. Then she stepped into the crotchless panties, grinning at me, posing for me seductively with her naked tits sticking out, nipples rock hard as usual.

"This look okay?" she asked, knowing the answer. At 48, Di still has the body of a college coed. She's petite, 5'2" tall, weighing in at a mere 115, with her 36C tits still very firm and perky.

"What do I wear over this?" she continued.

"Your silk leopard blouse. No bra, of course, with the top three buttons undone. And your black leather miniskirt. The spiked heel "fuck me" shoes, too," I continued, watching as she grinned at me, finding the requested clothing in her closet. She put on the blouse, then stepped into the skirt.

"Okay?" she asked. Her nipples were practically poking holes in the thin blouse, and the skirt barely covered her pussy.

"Perfect," I said. "Here. Take this. Set it on the dresser or something and take some photos of everything. I want to see them. Now go get fucked and bring me home a cunt full of warm cum."

And she did that, too.

Chapter 3. Eating cream pie

Di left around six in the evening. I went online then and posted photos of her, adding that she was out that night getting fucked for me. It was all I could do to stop from jerking off, but I wanted to wait for when Di came home. She finally did, around 11:00. I was in bed by then, naked, stroking myself but not coming, waiting for her. When I heard the garage door going up I almost came, but I didn't.

Di walked into the room with a silly grin on her face.

"I hope you were serious," she smiled, "because your wife is now officially a slut wife!"

"Come here," I said, my cock throbbing. "Show me."

Di walked over to the bed, and I could see a gob of cum sticking to her neck, along with some in her hair. Standing next to me she raised her skirt and said, "I did as you requested, baby. See all that gooey wet stuff? It's another man's cum."

"Take off your blouse and skirt. Leave the rest on, and get into bed. I want you to straddle my face," I said, and she did it.

She dropped the skirt and blouse onto the floor, then climbed onto our bed, on top of me, one leg on either side of my neck, her wet panties inches from my face. I could smell her essence... and his... as I raised my face to suck her through the thin lacy crotchless panties.

"OH God!" she moaned as my mouth found her pussy. "That's so fucking nasty, baby," she moaned again, sliding her slick cunt over my sucking mouth. "Can you taste him, babe? He fucked me good. Came on my face, too," she gasped as I continued sucking her pussy.

She did taste good... so fucking good. Nasty. Smelly. A kind of sweet-sour flavor, her wetness mingled with his cum. Delicious! My cock was throbbing, and I knew I had to fuck her before I came all over my belly, so I moved my mouth back and said, "Straddle my cock. I want to feel his cum in your pussy."

She did as I asked, spreading open the slit in her crotchless panties and lowered herself down onto my cock. God she was wet. Slippery... slimy... and as my dick slid into the gooey mess in my slut wife's cunt, I came. Instantly. Huge gushes of hot cum blasting up inside her as she rubbed her clit and joined me, her own orgasm causing her body to twitch and jerk as she began to collapse onto my chest, my cock still going off inside her pussy.

"Oh my GOD!" she wheezed, and I grabbed her head and brought her lips to mine, our mouths open, spit and remnants of his cum drooling down into my mouth as my tongue licked her lips and slid all over her cheeks and neck. I tasted some of his cum from her, and my cock again sent a burst of cum deep inside her.

When we were finally finished, both of us drenched in sweat, I rolled Di over onto her back, then began licking my way down over her neck, tasting her slick perspiration. I raised one of her arms and licked there, in her armpit, my cock twitching inside her again. Then I slid out of her, licking still, as I made my way down to her cum-filled pussy. 

"Oh God, baby, you're so fucking nasty," she moaned, and I grinned, licking lower. When I reached her cunt I raised her legs, staring at the river of sticky cum flowing out of her, down into the crack of her ass. And then I buried my face in the slick, white mess.

I wallowed there, licking, sucking, tasting my cum, and his... swallowing our loads, wiping my face back and forth, from my chin to my forehead, through the gooey slop. And then I licked lower, down into her ass crack, my tongue lapping away at the slimy sperm and cunt juice cocktail. I slid a thumb into her pussy then, fingering her as I licked her asshole, and she came for me again, this time so hard I felt what I had been seeking. Her hot, wet squirt gushed out of her pussy and down onto my face. Quickly I raised my head and captured as much of it as I could from her slimy cunt. 

She came again for me as I ate her. And again. And then one more time before she forced me to stop eating her, telling me I was giving her a headache. So I stopped.

Crawling up next to her face I forced her to kiss me and taste some of the cum I'd collected in my mouth. Raising my head over hers, I let a long trail of cummy spit drool down into her mouth. And then I kissed her again, savoring the taste of our combined spit, my cock twitching again before I raised up and climbed on top of her, straddling her neck as she had done to me.

"Tell me about it," I said, masturbating slowly, wiping my balls on her lips, then backing away, sliding down next to her, my cock in my hand, slowly rubbing it.

Chapter 4. Sharing the details

"I met him in the hotel bar. He was sitting in one of the rounded banquettes, and didn't see me at first, so I slid in next to him.

"He told me how good it was to see him again, how good I looked. You know, just normal stuff. Then I guess he noticed I wasn't wearing a bra. He stared right at my tits, baby, and I know he could see them through the opening in my blouse, so I asked him if he liked what he saw.

"I think I embarrassed him, because he kind of blushed a little, so I told him not to be so shy. Then I squeezed his thigh, baby, and I told him I wanted to share something with him. I told him how you have had this crazy fantasy for a long time about me fucking another man and coming home with my cunt full of cum, and I told him I'd chosen him to be that man. Then I slid my hand up over his cock, and it was getting hard, so I said I guessed I knew the answer to my question. I suggested we go up to his room and have a drink up there, and he said that sounded great.

"In the elevator as soon as the doors shut he kissed me, and I took his hands and slid them over my tits, inside my blouse. He undid a couple more of the buttons, and then started feeling both my naked tits, staring at them. I was so hot I wanted to blow him right there in the elevator, baby, but then we reached his floor and the doors opened. A guy got in as we were getting out, and I know he saw my tits, too, because he really grinned at me, and I winked at him and I imagine he thought I was a hooker. 

"Inside the room Jim offered me a drink, and I said, 'You have what I want to drink right here.' Then I pushed him onto the bed and took off his pants, baby, and when his cock flopped out I took it in my mouth and just started sucking it. 

"Jesus," I moaned, my cock getting hard again, as Di continued describing what she'd done.

"He was real hot, baby, and I could tell he was going to come soon, so I said, 'Don't hold back, Jim. I want the first one all over my face. Do it. Come on my face and in my mouth.' Then I started licking his balls and jerking him off at the same time and he suddenly groaned, and grabbed his cock from me and started jerking off as fast as he could until he blasted me with five or six big gobs of cum. I know some of it went into my hair because I saw it there in the mirror before I left to come home."

"Yeah, I know. It's still there," I smiled at my slut wife.

"Do you mind?" she asked.

"Fuck no. I love it," I said, leaning over next to her. Then I sucked the bog of cum out of her hair and kissed her, pushing it into her mouth.

"Darling I can't tell you what happened if you keep pestering me," she grinned.

"Sorry," I said, moving back from her, continuing to slowly stroke my cock as I asked, "so happened next?"

"After he came I on my face I got up and undressed, but did as you asked. I kept my stockings and garter belt and the crotchless panties on while we lay there next to each other. I took his cock and just kept slowly working it while I told him all the things I wanted him to do to me that night.

"I want you to use me, Jim. Do anything you want to me. Turn me into a raging slut, Jim... a cum bucket. Lick me anywhere you want... anywhere... lick my cunt... my ass... anywhere, and I'll do the same for you. I love to lick a man's balls, Jim. Do you like your balls licked?" I teased.

"You're incredible, Di," he groaned, his cock growing.

"When he got his dick hard enough to fuck me, I asked him if he wanted me on top or under him. He said he wanted to be on top, so I lay on my back and spread my legs for him. I started rubbing my pussy for him then, baby. I told him how much you love to watch me playing with myself, and he said he did, too. Then I told him to fuck me, and he said he would, but he had to get something first."

"God I'd loved to have been there to seen you," I said.

"I know, baby. I'm sorry, but I forgot all about the camera. Anyway, he started to get a condom out of his medicine kit and I told him I didn't want him to use anything. I said you wanted him to come in my pussy instead of a rubber so you could suck his cum out of my cunt. He just grinned at me and said that was fine with him. Then he climbed on top of me, grinned, and slid his cock inside me, baby... right inside your slut wife's pussy!" Di gasped, fingering herself now as I continued jerking off.

"God he fucked me good, baby. I wrapped my legs around his waist and thought about what I was doing and I wanted his fucking cum in my cunt so badly, so I told him that. I said, 'come in me, Jim. Come in my fucking nasty cunt. Fill me with hot sperm. Do it! COME IN ME!' And of course, he did. He didn't come as much as he had on my face, naturally, but he still shot three or four gobs inside me.

"Afterwards, I just lay there for a moment feeling so fucking dirty, baby. I loved the way it made me feel. Like the time I let those two guys fuck me at once. God I loved it.

"Then after a few minutes I knew he wouldn't mind when I said I had to leave, and he didn't try to stop me. I got up and went into the bathroom and was going to pee, but I wanted to bring his cum home to you, so I didn't. But now I have to, baby. So let me up. Then I'll blow you."

I moved off her and she went into the bathroom and sat down on the toilet. I followed her, and when she saw me she grinned, and said, "you going to come on me in here?"

"Yeah!" I grinned, feeding her my cock. She started peeing and sucking me at the same time, and when she was finished, she reached over to get a piece of toilet paper and I said, "No! Let me clean you." And I did it. I got down on my knees and licked her pissy cunt while she just sat there on the toilet, moaning, her legs spread, rubbing her fingers in my hair, pulling me into her pussy. Then I got up, kissed her, letting her smell and taste her pee droplets on my lips, and I stood up and came all over her face.

I think I must have shot a pint of cum on her I was so fucking horny and turned-on. She licked her lips and my cock and swallowed a lot of it, too, and afterward I kissed her again. We showered together then, and I peed on her in the shower, both of us laughing and hugging and kissing. When we were finally clean we went to bed, and I think both of us were asleep about the time our heads hit the pillow.

God I love having a slut wife, and I knew this was just the beginning of a new life style for us both!!

The End