 It's a warm day as I drive us through the empty countryside. You wear a short, flared sundress, top straps over your shoulders, halter style, tied at the back of your neck. No panties.

As I wind us through the tree lined road, my right-hand slithers across your thigh, and I gently stroke from your knee to your hip, sliding under your dress. We do not look at each other. 

My eyes are on the road. I hear your quickly-caught breath as I slide my palm down the inside of your thigh, so my little finger barely brushes your pussy. Your legs widen, but just a little, you tease.

I reach across, push your right thigh up against the door, and pull your left towards me until it touches the center console. Now you are wide open for my as you lean your head back and close your eyes.

I can feel your wetness as I dance my fingertips across your cunt, then gently pry open your lips with my thumb and middle finger, gently caressing your little nub with feathery strokes from my index.

Your breath shudders when I stop. You begin to tilt your head forward, but I take your hand, holding your finger and guide it to your pussy, using it to pull one side of your labia open.

You know what to do, you know what I want, and without opening your eyes, you pull your cunt lips wide open for me.

I hover, but do nothing... yet you cock your head, as if using your other senses to know what I'm going to do next...

You lick your fingers, getting them all wet and slippery, and start tracing the outline of your pussy, slick and smooth, getting closer and closer to your pink sweet spot. 

Swirling your fingers around your clit, your hips writhing and bucking, you slip my two fingers inside. You look to see that I'm watching. You want all my attention, and you have it, even though one eye is on the empty road ahead. 

Your pussy is ripe and ready, so wet, your fingers coated with your juices. You lick one dripping finger and suck it dry, then you lean over to coat my lips. Now glistening with your essence, I can't help but press my lips on yours, tasting you...

I suck your juices from your tongue, twisting your head so I can still see the road - I want my heaven on Earth - we can wait for our final reward - right now, it's about this moment; you and I are alone in the universe.

Our lips sucking, our tongues dancing, I pull the bow at the back of your neck, letting the halter of your sundress fall, releasing your luscious breasts. With one quick last kiss, I lean you back in your seat. The hem of your little dress is already up around your waist as I tug on it... upwards. I turn my head, looking you directly in those beautiful eyes.

"Take it off".

"Here?"

"Here and now."

I smile, and laugh, with a decided amount of evil, and add, "Please."

You reach down and pull the dress up, over your rich blond mane, and let it fall into the back seat. You are completely nude now, save for your high heel sandals, a necklace and your earrings. I unzip my pants, and you smile and lean in, helping me free my already stiff cock. I raise up a little, and together, we lower my pants just enough to be clear of the zipper.

You use two hands, circling my cock, slowly moving up and down. You are always so beautiful so cute, and being just over five feet, it's easy for you to kneel on the floor in front of your seat and stretch over.

Your tongue lashes out for a coy teasing lick on the tip of my dick, before crooking your head. You strain slightly up as I meet you half way. Our lips touch and open to each other, tongues meeting for a second before you turn way, sliding your wet lips around my cock and swallowing all the way down to my pubic bone, closing yourself around me...

How I would love to lean back and enjoy your slick wet lips sucking at the base of my cock, my head nudging into your throat, but I have to follow this winding road. You pull back off after a few seconds of undulating every part of your mouth on me cock, take a gasp of breath and suckle just the head between your lips, softly applying that divine little vacuum. It drives me wild when you flicker butterfly licks on the sensitive underside, just below the helmet. I am as hard as I have ever been as I lick my right middle finger and reach across your back, slithering down into your smooth crack. As you purse your lips tightly and begin a steady up-and-down, I feign trying to reach your pussy. I could, but that's not what I want from my naked darling.

I rub my wet finger around the rim of your tight little asshole and gently wiggle just the tip inside. I feel your mouth tighten on me, the vibrations of the soft moan that escapes you tingling against my shaft. I ease my digit inside, until your sweet cheeks stop my other fingers splayed out across your sweetest of asses.

I pump slowly in and out, mirroring the movement of your mouth on me, small gasps escaping as you suck my cock, naked in the car, with my finger fucking your asshole.

You pull off, looking up as I look down, straining your parted lips towards mine. I meet you halfway for a brief lick and kiss, then straighten up, taking the turnoff I've been waiting for down a heavily forested lane. We disengage, my finger slipping from your anus as you sit back, legs splayed wide, fingers roaming your sopping wet cunt. I slip my hand in with yours, mingling your juice between our fingers.

"We're here."

You exhale long and slowly, "Thank God."

Turning off to our favorite lonely spot, I park at the edge of a small clearing. By the time we come together at the front of the car, I am naked. You reach out, palming the underside of my stiff rod, as I slide my fingers across your flowing cunt. We kiss long, deeply as if reunited after months apart, consuming each other.

I take hold of your waist, hoisting you up to sit on the edge of the hood. You lean back, your arms stretched out behind you, holding you up, and open your legs wide for me.

"Is this what you want, baby? Is this why you brought me all the way out here?"

I smile, leaning in over you, my cock at your hole, but I do not enter. As I kiss you, I breath into your mouth.

"Oh yes..."

I kiss my way down your neck, pausing to suck each hard nipple, lashing them with my tongue, using my lips to pull them and release, but I know what you want...

I kneel on the grass, kissing my way down the inside of your thigh, reaching the edge of your sweet inviting pussy, and slowly make a wide circle with my tongue, but not touching it. Not yet. I take hold of the backs of your knees, pushing them toward you, tilting you up. I circle your asshole with my tongue, licking across the bud, gently slither the tip just inside of you. I can hear your moans urging me on.

I place the tip of my tongue on the lower rim of your anus, and lick with firmness and great pressure, upwards, across your anus, your taint, to the bottom of your cunt hole. My frim tongue parts your lips as I cut a swath upwards, pausing to wiggle it inside your pussy, fucking you just a little with it, then moving onward and upward. As I reach your little nub, I open my lips, placing them firmly around your clit, slightly sucking in, and use just the tip of my tongue to feather across that greatest point of lust. 

You gasp, squirming on the hood as I butterfly-lick rapidly, but only slightly making contact. You lay back, freeing your hands to clutch at my head, pulling me in.

"Oh, fucking eat me, baby, fucking eat my pussy..."

I push my lips and tongue harder into you as you grind your cunt into my face, your ass squirming on the warm hood. I fold my teeth into my lips and suck your clit and labia into my mouth, practically chewing it. You moan so loudly now, small shrieks escaping with your gasping breaths as you urge me on.

"Oh yeah... just maul it... make me cum... make me cum!"

I exert extreme pressure on you, hard munching interspersed with forceful licking. You are so close, your hands release my head, grabbing my hair as you begin to buck against my mouth. I grab your pussy, sucking it hard into my mouth, my tongue whipping across your clit as it hits you.

You stop, almost motionless for just a couple of seconds, and you are coming, moaning so loudly as I keep up my almost brutal assault on your cunt. You are always beautiful, but never more so than when you thrash and buck through your climax. I don't know if I've ever seen you cum this hard, and I am relentless - pushing, chewing your clit in my lips until your ass slumps down onto the hood again, you release my hair, and push back on my shoulders.

"No no...no more, baby. Stop... stop..."

I lift away, pull you gently forward an inch or two as you tremble, your body jerking involuntarily. I move up, resting my head on your belly so that my neck covers your pussy, it's warmth blanketing you as you come back to earth. For several minutes we lay there, me holding you but not touching you in a sexual way, just reaching both arms up, gently cupping your head, letting my fingers roam next to your scalp, splaying your long blond hair between them.

In a few minutes, I hear your voice, breathless and halting: "Fuck me."

I stand between your legs as our eyes meet. I can tell how good you came by the way you look at me. Testing the waters, I hold my cock against your pussy, sliding the head up and down, masturbating you with the tip. At first you gasp and flinch, so I do it more softly, gentler.

You raise up on your elbows, reach forward, taking my cock in your delicate fingers, and lodge the head against your wet hole. I push slowly until just the head disappears into that shaven flesh, that sweetest cunt of yours. Your legs widen as you hold my hips and pull. You want to be fucked. Not made love to, not in this moment. You want to be fucked. 

I push hard until I am completely engulfed by you, linger for a moment, then quickly pull almost all the way and slam my cock back into you so hard that the 'SMACK' could be heard back in town. You let out a huge, surprised gasp, but I know you are not that surprised at all. I pound my dick into you fast for just a little, but I start scooting you back on the hood, trying to stay inside you as I get my knees on the hood, sort of kneel-walking us back until your head is tilted up, resting on the windshield. I pin your wide-spread knees back until they touch the glass next to your head.

You look up at me, thinking I will keep rough-fucking you, but I sink all the way into, and lower myself until my chest presses into your breasts, and slowly, very gingerly grind my pelvic bone into your clit, feeling the length of me as deep in you as it will go while I kiss you deeply, our tongues dancing to a slow song.

As we kiss, I begin the slow steady pace of a locomotive starting up the track, gaining just a little bit of speed at a time. I love feeling every inch of your sopping cunt as I make love to you in the sunshine. You clench your pussy around me as we fuck faster. Finally, we are fucking hard when I raise up, drops of sweat falling from me onto your breasts, rolling down the side. God, you feel so good. You can tell what I want.

"I want to see you cum. I want to taste you."

Just those words are enough to put me over the edge.

"You want to feel it on your face, baby?"

"On my face, on my tongue, I want it all over me... In my mouth."

I scramble up to straddle your breasts, the backs of your knees under my legs, your pussy gaping and just as open as your mouth, wide and inviting. Your long tongue snakes out as you look up at me.

"Cum for me."

You wrap your fingers around my shaft, pointing me at your mouth and begin jacking my cock hard and fast. I am moaning now as you slither your hand down, wetting it on your pussy, and reach, wedging your finger into my asshole. You push up and inside, crooking it back, stroking my prostrate. I am yours now, unable react except in the manner you choose. I am your rag doll, helpless to do anything but cum.

My orgasm shakes me as the first little glob plops out and lands on your tongue. You swallow quickly, sending your tongue back out to greet my first big stream of cum that shoots up across your forehead, blowing your hair back, and falling in a white line from your chin, across your tongue, and up to your hairline. Another thick splatter of sperm hits on your upper lip, splattering to both cheeks, and dripping down into your mouth. Still you beat my cock hard, knowing there is more. 

I shoot a thick rope straight into your mouth, and you hold it there as I shoot again across your cheek. You slow your pumping and lay the head of my cock on your tongue, letting the last short squirts to coat it. I have subsided, gasping for breath, spent upon you.

I lick my cum from your cheek and bring it to you for a slimy cum kiss as we wallow in the mess we have made, sharing my gooey semen between our tongues.

I roll off, laying next to you as you lower your legs and lean your head into the crook of my shoulder. Our hands reach for one other, gripping one another, entwining our fingers as we wordlessly share the beauty of the day, and of each other.