 I woke early in the hotel room. My head hurt. I went to the bathroom and washed my face, washing off the dried cum. I dressed and got out of there. There was a text from Sarah on my cell phone. Apparently she'd checked that I was OK and didn't want to wake me. She'd got a ride home with one of the guys. I wondered if that's all he gave her. 

On the drive home my mind poured over what had happened the night before, or what I could remember of it. Actually, that was a lie. I was drunk, but I could remember all of it. Being topless in front of everyone, being briefly fucked over the pool table like a slut in front of everyone. Sucking the barman's cock and letting him cum in my mouth after he had offered me $100 for the pleasure. I had accepted money to such a guy's cock. That's what whores do. No, it wasn't like that. Yes, I did willingly suck his cock. But it wasn't for the money. I didn't need the money. I just said yes. That he was offering money had nothing to do with it. But why did I say yes? The fact that I didn't need the money only made it worse – what kind of slut had I become? It wouldn't have been half so bad had I done it because I'd been destitute. I didn't need the cash, but I did it anyway. And the barman now thinks I am a hooker. Why wouldn't he? He offered me money to blow him, and then I took him in my mouth. And he'd seen me getting fucked by Brian – so did Roger and whoever else was there. God. He's probably telling the other bar staff right now that he got the greatest blow job of his life from some hooker slut at a Buck's night. It repulsed me deeply that I had done such a thing, committed such an ultimate and fundamental sin. So shameful. A whore. Last night I was a common whore. He told me I was a great little cocksucker. A great little cocksucker...

I felt the tears welling in my eyes as the BMW glided along the freeway on cruise control. How had it come to this? I'm not a slut! I'm not a whore! I'm a respectable business executive. That's what I am. This is getting out of control. This cannot continue; it was fun for a while but this is not me, not who I am, and now it must stop. No more of this modeling stuff or exposing myself to guys. I must get my life back to where I was before... before that damned car show. 

Mercifully, my hangover was gone by Monday morning. I considered swapping back to my old dowdy work wear, as if to reinforce my resolve to get back on the straight and narrow, but at the last minute I decided against it. The weather was warm and I would be more comfortable in one of my new skirts. Besides, the past was in the past now; I would throw all my energies into my work. It was fun but now I am moving on. 

In the short term that amounted to a tedious few days with young Brad and Pete from the downstairs floor. Hopefully they've come up with something better this time for the Luca deal. The meeting was at 1pm, and if my hopes weren't high I wasn't to be disappointed. 

This time they'd gone the esoteric route, but they'd ended up with something so weird it was almost laughable. It reminded me of the Simpsons episode where Homer had got an ad agency to do a TV spot for his Mr Plow business, and they came up with an all-singing, all-dancing Georgio Armani style thing – completely out of context. Well, not that extreme, but they were even wider from the mark than before.

"Guys," I said. "This just isn't it at all." I was even wondering whether or not it had been a joke. I was exasperated. "Think. I know it's not an easy product to sell, but this ain't it. I don't know, if you can't come up with anything from the brief, why not try the environmental route? The product apparently has some green credentials, so if you're going to go down this kind of whimsical avenue, maybe that's the way to go."

"Er, OK Anne, will give it another try," said Brad. Pete was just standing there staring at my tits. Damn it, I was wearing the same sheer blouse as I had the week before. Brad was checking me out too. I hoped they had paid attention, but by the looks on their faces I wasn't sure. I bet they were thinking I was some kind of bitch to be rejecting their work for a second time.

I wished Kelly were here. But she was out on a course all week. She had more commonsense than these two put together. What do they teach these kids in college these days? They weren't actually all that much younger than me, but I somehow felt so much older.

After work I decided to go to the swimming centre. Hadn't been for a while, but it might be a nice change of pace from the gym, I thought; a few laps in the pool will be great therapy, both mental and physical. I took my new swim suit – using it for the first time as it was intended to be used. I pushed myself hard through the first 20 laps, then did another 10 backstroke, forcing my body hard through the water, admonishing myself, getting it out of my system. I felt much better afterwards as I headed for the showers. My body felt good, nicely worked, almost but not quite exhausted. Being peak time at the end of a working day, the pool had been fairly crowded. It occurred to me as I stripped off and headed for the showers, how nonchalant I was now about appearing naked in the women's locker rooms; how before I would have done my best not to be seen without my clothes on by any of the other women there. Now being naked just seemed natural. Well, I thought, if that's what I have taken from the experiences of the past few weeks, that can only be a good thing, surely? 

Soaping up under the warm shower felt very nice, invigorating. There were a couple of other women showering as well; one younger than I, one older. The younger girl's pussy was shaved, just like mine. I noticed them both checking out my body, but then I realized that I had also been stealing the odd glance their way too. There was nothing in it, really; just what people do in such situations. The young girl had a fantastic figure; she reminded me of Sarah. She looked familiar; I thought I'd seen her here before. She looked hot, too; this girl was obviously a keen swimmer. I wished I had such broad shoulders, I mused to myself. She saw me looking and smiled at me. I smiled back. It was a little embarrassing; I wasn't meaning to stare at her. I wasn't sure whether her smile was one of embarrassment, or if it implied something else. 

As I dried myself, the girl was over in the other corner of the change room doing the same. She looked up at me a couple of times. But then I must have been looking at her to have noticed it. She had such big dark eyes, there was almost something cat-like about her. She had jet back hair in a bob style, reminiscent of a '20s Flapper girl, slightly androgynous, but unmistakably feminine. This girl would have to be bisexual, I thought to myself, maybe even a complete lesbian. But then, how would I know? Who, for that matter, among those knew me would know that I was bi? Yes, she was looking my way, and she was smiling. She was still dressing by the time I was ready to go. Something inside me urged me to wait, stall for time until she too was leaving. But instead I hauled myself up off the seat and threw my bag over my shoulder. I had to pass near her on the way to the exit. She caught my eye as I went past. She smiled as I left the building. 

"See you later," she grinned at me. Her voice was like silk.

"See ya," I replied.

Outside the change room I stopped. Maybe I need to re-tie my shoe laces, and while I'm doing that she'll come out of the change room? No, keep going. This is ridiculous. Go home, make yourself a nice meal and go to bed. 

That had been the plan, until I got a call on my cell on the drive home. It was Kelly. 

"Hi Kel, what's up? How's the course?"

"Boring, boring, BORING! But that's not why I've called. It's Rick – the sponsor for the race car, he's signed! Isn't that fantastic! Anne, we did it!" 

"Hey, that's great!" 

"Anne we're having a celebration party tonight, do you want to come?" 

"Look, I'd love to, but I'm really tired and I want to get an early night." 

"OK, but look, I'm not far from your place, how about I drop in for a quick drink on the way? I've got champagne!" 

"Why not," I said. "I'm only five minutes away – I'll see you when you get there." 

I'd only just got in the door when Kelly arrived. Opening the door, she embraced me in a big bear hug. It felt great to be hugged like that after what I'd been through. Hugged by someone I loved. She gave me a big kiss on the lips and I kissed her back. 

"Champagne, anyone?" she said, twirling the neck of the bottle in her fingers. 

"Yes please!" I said, heading into the kitchen for a couple of glasses. 

"Oh Anne, this is such great news!" she said as she popped the cork. "It was looking a bit doubtful the other day, but in the end Hank agreed and now it's all go! Rick is so happy!" 

"I'm glad," I said. "I think he deserves it."

We sat there and sipped our drinks. It was good champagne. Kelly was wearing in a little summer dress, no bra, I noticed. The dress was very short, way too short for work attire, even if she was on a course. 

"Kel, that dress you're wearing, is that what you wore on the course today?"

"Yeah. It's a bit casual, but it's not like I'm in the office." 

"Hmm, but I don't know if Mr Sheldon would approve." 

"Yeah, maybe not, but who cares?" 

She was sitting opposite with her legs slightly apart. I couldn't help but look. And when she leaned forward to put her glass down, her leg splayed open a bit more. Then I saw her clit ring – the little minx wasn't wearing panties. 

"Kelly, aren't you wearing anything under that dress?" 

"Um, nope!" 

"You are a bad girl. Such a bad influence on me!" 

She laughed. Then she stood up and stretched. The hem of her dress rode up above her pussy; I could see it clearly. She watched me as I stared at her bare pussy. 

"Kel! I can see everything when you do that! You can't have gone to the course like that?" 

"Well, I did have my panties on before. But I took them off in the car. Thought I'd give Rick a little surprise," she giggled. 

Then she walked over to me. She hitched up her dress so that now it was around her waist. Her pussy and ass were totally exposed as she stood in front of me. The ring in her clitoris was somehow fascinating – incongruous and almost obscene that how anyone could have such a lewd piece of jewelry, especially someone as seemingly sweet as Kelly. 

"I've been thinking of that night we had together a lot," she said. "I want to do it again." 

I was still seated. She was standing directly in front of me, holding up her dress, basically offering herself to me. Her pussy was barely a foot away from my face. It looked beautiful; the soft folds of her delicate pussy contrasting wonderfully with the hard steel ring. She was offering herself to me as I gazed on her sweet little sex. I could feel my arousal building. My mouth was watering. 

"Anne, eat me." 

I moved in closer and licked her above her clit, running my tongue around the ring. I was licking a woman for the first time in my life! I moved down to her outer lips and licked them up and down, one side after another, trying to replicate the way she had done it to me. She was so soft against my tongue. She was breathing heavily. She was moaning. She tasted so sweet! I felt encouraged – I was turning her on; I was going down on a woman for the first time, and making her wet! 

I ran my tongue up her slit, top to bottom, tasting her wetness for the first time. The taste was familiar, intoxicating. She shuddered under my touch and it thrilled me. 

"Ooohhh, yes. Yes! Yes!"

I picked up my pace licking her up and down like an ice cream for the nest few minutes. I let one hand stray down to my pussy and rubbed myself hard. 

"Yes! Oh Anne, that's so good! Lick me! Yes! Ooh, pull my clit ring, pull it hard!"

I did as she asked. Pulling the ring seemed to open her lips a little more. I slid my tongue inside her opening. Oohh, it felt so wicked; I was virtually fucking her with my tongue. I could feel her juices on my chin. 

"Harder! Pull it harder! Harder!" 

I yanked on the ring hard and dove my tongue inside her, exploring a woman with my tongue for the first time, like my past boyfriends had done to me. This was how it felt! I felt her hands go around my head as she started shaking. 

"OOOhhh, yes! Yes, that's it! Oohh! Oohh! Oohh!" 

She was shuddering now, she was cumming against my face. Her whole body shook as she ground her pussy into my drenched cheeks. She was drenching me: I could feel her squirting all over my face! Soon she calmed down as the orgasm subsided. She slumped to her knees and kissed me, licking her juices off my face. I licked her back. We fell back in an embrace on the sofa. 

Soon she jumped up. 

"Oh gosh, look at the time! Anne, I've got to go – Rick said don't be late, and it's already 7.30!" 

She gave me a huge kiss, driving her tongue into my mouth as she held me tight. 

"I'm sorry, but I've got to go!"

I lay there rubbing my pussy as she shut the door, licking my lips around my chin, savoring the remaining juices. I lay back and rubbed myself until I came. The release I felt from that combined with the effects of the champagne must have made me drowsy, because the next thing I knew it was morning, and I was still on the sofa. 

That night I'd dreamed of Kelly. Very strange. In the dream we were at work, and she came into my office, with a hot and bothered look on her face. 

"What's wrong, Kel," I asked. 

"Ooh, I'm sorry Anne, but I'm so horny!" She was almost hysterical. "I can't help it. They guys down stairs keep reaching under my skirt and playing with my clit ring! I can't stop them! But Anne it's making me so horny, I can hardly stand it! I knew I should have worn panties today!" 

The white skirt she was wearing was so short it didn't even cover her. Her ass and pussy, and even the clit ring, were totally exposed. She might as well have been wearing nothing. Of course they were playing with her clit ring – looking at her like that, I wanted to play with it myself. I stared at her exposed pussy. She was very wet. 

"Oh please Anne, help me!" 

With that she climbed on the desk in front of me and spread her legs, thrusting herself at me shamelessly, gyrating her hips around my face like some kind of music video clip dancer. 

"OK, I said, seeing that she was in obvious need, "but only this once. After that it's back to work." 

"Oh yes, I'll work hard, I'll let anyone fuck me that you want; just lick me, please, lick me now!"

I ran my tongue all the way up her pink, wet opening. 

"Oohhh yess!! Oooh, grab my clit ring! Yes, pull it hard, harder!" 

I pulled the ring, pulling her hood out so I could get my tongue underneath as I stroked her all the way, up and down with my tongue. She started screaming. She was cumming; she thrust her pelvis into my face and gripped my head with her thighs. With my ears covered by her legs I mustn't have heard James walk in the door, which hadn't been closed. He was very pissed.

"When you two little sluts have finished there," he bellowed in that deep voice of his, "I want to see you in my office." 

He was standing there in his suit, a white suit – everyone seemed to be wearing white - but his cock was hanging out, standing proudly and obscenely erect. We collected ourselves and went upstairs to face the boss, not saying a word to each other. As we walked into the office, I suddenly realized I wasn't wearing white – I wasn't wearing anything. 

"Anne, what the fuck was that all about?" he growled. His cock was still outside his suit, still hard. And what the hell is that?" 

He was pointing to my pussy. I looked down and saw that I was wearing an enormous clit ring. 

"You know that jewelry worn by employees of this company must first be approved by myself. Look at Kelly. Her ring is modest, perfectly acceptable. Yours is obscene! What have you got to say for yourself?"

"I'm sorry Mr Sheldon, I don't know what I was thinking. I promise it won't happen again." 

"OK, apology accepted. Have it fixed by tomorrow morning. Now get down on your knees." 

I did as I was told as he walked towards me, his cock sticking straight out of his pants. 

"Well, you know what to do; it's not as though we haven't been through this before." 

I took his cock into my mouth. 

"Good. Anne you're such an excellent cocksucker, a real credit to the firm. You might not be much good for anything else, but you sure as hell know how to suck cock." 

I sucked him enthusiastically, looking up at him towering above me. He looked so powerful; he was powerful. I watched as his head flung back and he thrust his cock deep inside my mouth, down my throat, and I felt triumphant as he pumped his seed inside me. I swallowed everything.

"Good girl. Now, try to act within company guidelines please? I don't want to have to do this again!" 

"Yes sir!" I said. I looked up and the entire staff was standing in the small office, watching me, making little comments like, 'not her again', and 'when's she gonna learn?'. 

Then suddenly I was back in my office. Slumping into my chair, I realized I couldn't move my hands or legs – they were in chains, my hands locked to the sides of the chair and my ankles to the legs of the desk. I was still naked. I looked down and there was a chain attached to my clit ring with a huge steel ball on the other end. It was teetering on the edge of the chair between my legs, but tied up I could do nothing to stop it as it rolled towards the end of the chair and tumbled off. The end of the chain didn't reach the floor, so it just hung there in mid air, pulling sharply on the ring in my clit, the pain surging through my loans almost unbearable. It was then that I woke up. 

Well, I thought, so much for the new old-style demure me, as I contemplated not so much the dream but what had happened the night before in real life with Kelly. But hang on, I thought. What is wrong with that? Having sexual relations with a girl is not the same as exposing yourself to a bunch of guys, or being paid to give some old barman a blow job. You are bisexual – so what? Lots of people are. There's no need to tell the world about; you can keep it to yourself, like lots of people do. Then I considered the fact that there were already at least three people who did know – Kelly, Sarah and Rick – but then I thought, 'what the heck', people can know or say what they like, and it's not a capital offence to like women as well as men. 

Being able to draw a separation between my newfound sexuality and the exhibitionism of the recent past was comforting. It pointed to a way forward. In the future I might have relations with girls, I might not. It will be a matter of personal preference, and it has nothing to do with the sordid goings on of recent weeks. That was an entirely different matter. 

I threw myself into my work. Brad and Pete finally came up with the goods – their revised concept was still whimsical, but close enough to the mark. We refined it further until I was happy with it, but in the end I had to admit the conclusion we reached had more to do with fatigue than brilliant creativity. But it was done, and next week the three of us would be off to present it to Luca. 

Next day I wore one of my conservative longer skirts. To be honest, it made me feel ugly. I did it more as a test, to see how far my personal tastes had changed. Evidently they had changed quite a bit. The clothes felt heavy, constrictive. Yet this outfit had been fine only a month ago. The consoling feature of my dress was the fact that underneath I was wearing the g-string with SEX written across the front. The fact that underneath my drab exterior I was wearing something so raunchy made me feel more... what was it? Not so much sexy, but authentic. Authentic in terms of how I felt deep inside as a sexual being. Not a slut, just sexy. I had to admit that just as I couldn't deny my bisexuality, I couldn't suppress my sexuality in total. But I could hide it. Like I was now. Maybe that's the key: I can look ordinary on the outside, but dress like a, well, like a slut in the inside – if I chose to. I could wear underwear that was as sexy as I pleased – even sexier than what I already had – maybe see-through or something, and no one would be any the wiser. It seemed like a reasonable compromise. 
