 The company was doing really well. The drama with Waldorf Fordham seemed to have sorted itself out, and now we were looking at stitching up a new deal with a top firm on the east coast. I'd be flying to Chicago tonight for a meeting with their executives. I do hate business travel, but it's part of the deal. Although the travel part can at least be a bit relaxing, it's like going on holiday but not being allowed to really enjoy yourself, to do what you really want to do. I hadn't been to Chicago in years, and I would have liked to visit the museum there, maybe even check out some of the blues clubs, but there probably wasn't going to be much time for that. 

I checked in at the airport. Damn, air travel is so tedious with all the security checks these days! I made my way on board amongst a sea of suited men making the usual daily business trip, along with a sprinkling of holiday making families. I settled into my seat and got comfortable, hoping to catch a little shut eye during the few hours in the air. 

It was a nice smooth flight, and soon I found myself zoning right out. I drifted into that deliciously sleepy corridor in which you're not quite asleep, but not fully awake, the mind wandering, wandering... Sexy thoughts began to drift through my consciousness. God, I thought to myself, as a bit of air turbulence hit the aircraft and jolted me back to the land of the living, I seem to be so damned horny all the time now! 

Once the plane had settled down again I returned to my daydreaming. I found myself recalling the night of the threesome with Wendy and Roger the previous week. I had had sex with Roger while Wendy watched and held my hand, and it was a totally amazing experience. But that wasn't the end of it after Rog had fucked me and we all feel asleep, not by a long shot. I remember waking up some time later that night, and feeling a hand gently caressing my leg. I opened my eyes and saw it was Roger. He was in the middle of the bed, with Wendy and myself on either side of him. Wendy was asleep, I could tell by her snoring. Rog was languidly rubbing me, his fingers drifting up to graze across my pussy. If he was trying to get me worked up, his ministrations were having the desired effect. Mmm, yes, it felt really, really good. 

"Hey Anne," I heard him say. "Are you awake?" 

"Yeah." 

"Are you horny?" he said, just as his finger slid casually along my wet slit. 

"Um, yeah." 

I felt him take my hand. He guided it over to his body, till it found his cock. I wrapped my fingers around the shaft. So hard. It felt very, very nice.

"Do you want to?" he said, gently dipping his finger inside me just a little. Mmm, ooh that felt good! 

"No, I don't think we should. Wendy's asleep." 

And I didn't think we should. It felt like I would be going behind her back if we did. I looked across at her prone form on the bed, and then I laughed to myself: I literally would be going behind her back if I fucked Roger now, because she was lying on her side with her back to us. How funny... Even so, here we were lying in bed together, her man and myself, naked, and basically masturbating each other while his wife lay asleep. 

"Oh, I don't think she'd mind, do you?" he said, gently fucking me now with his finger as he spoke, my hips beginning now to slowly gyrate against his rhythm. Yes... So good!

"Well,"I said, gasping for breath as he fingered me, "maybe -- oooh, that's nice! -- but Rog, I don't know," I said. "I'd rather not risk it. But let's just get some sleep." 

"OK," he said, withdrawing his finger. 

The trouble was, though, that he'd really heated me up. I was feeling real horny now. I laid back and tried to get to sleep, but I could feel my heart pounding in my chest. I wanted to roll over, climb on top of him and stick his cock inside me. That's what I wanted. I tried to get back to sleep but I just couldn't. Damn!

Oh what the hell, I thought. Anyway, would she really mind? After what we had just done? Damn it, I need it! I need it right now!

"Hey Rog, you still awake?" I whispered. 

"Yeah." 

"I can't sleep."

"Me neither," he said. "Are you still feeling horny?" 

"Yes," I said. I reached my hand across to Roger. I took his cock in my hand once more. It was still erect. My hand began to slide up and down his slick, hard shaft. I felt so bad to be doing it, but God it felt so good!

"Me too," he said, "especially with you doing that," he added with a soft little chuckle. "So, what do you want to do about it?"

I knew what I wanted to do about it. 

"Fuck me," I said. "Just fuck me." 

He didn't reply, and instead rolled over and embraced me, pushing me back onto the bed as he climbed on top of me. We kissed as he guided his cock towards my opening with his hand. I felt the tip rub against my swollen lips, up and down, so gently. His ass was arched high as he probed around my slit, rubbing the head of his cock up and down, up and down. He was taking his time, deliberately holding back before sliding the thing inside me, for which now I was waiting almost impatiently, panting, willing him to do it. I thought maybe he was making sure I was wet enough, but in reality I was more than ready. He was teasing me. God, I needed it. Please! 

"You like that?" he asked. 

"Yeah, good. Rog, stop teasing me and put it in. Please, put it in!" 

"You sound like such a little slut when you say it like that," he said, kissing me again, though still not entering me. But I moaned in pleasure at his words. He had called me a slut, even if indirectly, and it hit me to the core, sending a heavy throb through my veins. Slut. He called me a slut. I felt offended; he shouldn't call me a slut, but it made me feel so naughty! Slut. He's calling me a slut. Oh yes -- dirty little slut! 

"You like that?" he growled quietly as he finally pushed his shaft inside me.

"Oh yes, I love it." 

"Love what," said, pausing to kiss me again, "my cock inside you or me saying you sound like a slut?" 

"Both," I said. He kissed me again. 

He began to move inside me; slow, luxurious strokes. A nice, slow, sleepy fuck. Just what I needed so much! He kissed me again as he drove his shaft deep inside me. My God, Roger's cock felt so good inside me! His body seemed to fit my just so, just so right! And his cock, oh it was magnificent, just the right size, and God, he knew what to do with it!

"Mmmm," he whispered, "your body is so fucking hot Anne! And those piercings, my God that's sexy! So fucking slutty!

I bristled with pride as he described my body, as he so slowly and deliberately fucked me. Oh God, it was so, so nice! 

"Was it a man or a woman who did them?" he asked, before kissing me again.

"A man. Ooh, Rog, oh yes that's good!" 

"Oh wow, a guy did it. I bet he enjoyed his job that day." 

"Yeah," I giggled. "Oh yeah, he did!" 

God, I could hardly believe how bold I was being with him. But damn it felt good! 

"Oh yeah, I bet he did, especially doing the clit ring," he said, as he pushed his cock into me. 

"Mmmm, yes," I purred. 

"My God, Anne, if it had been me doing that piercing, I'd wouldn't have been able to control myself -- I would've have pierced you somewhere else as well! He plunging down hard on me, with real aggression, so that his pubic bone ground hard against my clit ring, demonstrating exactly how he would have pierced me. I thrust my pelvis up to meet him, jamming our bodies together hard. I grabbed his ass and drew him in closer, trying to force him as deep inside me as I could. I felt so wanton! 

"Oooh yess!" I squealed, trying to keep my voice down so as not to disturb the sleeping Wendy. 

"Oh Anne, did you want him to, did you want him to fuck you?" 

"Yes! Oh yes! Yes! I did!" 

"Ooohh!" he growled, "that's so slutty. Does it make you feel like a slut, those rings? Hmm?"

"Yes! Oohh it does, it does! I feel like a, ooh, like a dirty slut! Ooh, fuck me baby, fuck me! Ooh yes! 

We were talking dirty -- I'd never done that before with a lover. It felt wild, naughty, and all the more wicked in that I wasn't letting Roger know that yes, the tattoo guy did fuck me! I was really getting into it; it made feel all slutty in an odd way. I was surprising myself, saying things I would never normally say! 

"Ooh," he groaned, jamming himself inside me again, then gyrating his ass so that his cock moved inside me in a circular motion, "you like it, don't you Anne, you like to be fucked like a slut. Hmm?" 

"Yes, I love it, I love it!"

Oh this was taking me to the edge. He was dominating me, fucking me slowly, holding me so tightly that I felt like his plaything. I just surrendered to the sensations, letting him have me, take me, fuck me any way he wanted. Oh Rog was such a great lover, I would not have known it! 

"Oh Anne, when you and Wen were sitting on the sofa and you both spread your legs for me, oh fuck, I imagined I was in a whore house, and you too were the finest sluts of the house, and I had paid for you both, oh God you both looked so hot!"

"Ooohhh!" I screamed, as Rog thrust so deeply inside me, growling as did. God, I felt it, his muscles tightening, oh yes, yes, yes, yes, he was cumming! My muscles gripped his cock as he grimaced and unloaded his seed deep in my womb, oh God, it was so lovely. I didn't cum, I just couldn't let myself go like that with Wendy right there alongside us, and I was also trying to be a bit quiet, but still it was just so nice! I felt his final spasms as he slumped down on top of me. I held him tightly around the shoulder and kissed him on the mouth. We kissed for a few minutes, so beautiful, until eventually he pulled out and rolled off me. Very soon afterwards I must have fallen asleep. 

But even that wasn't the end of it. 

In the morning I awoke as the sun peeked through the blinds. I could hear something. It was Wendy and Rog. I opened my eyes and looked across, and there she was on her knees on the bed, her mouth bobbing up and down on Roger's cock. I saw her look towards me once she realized I was awake. She let Rog's cock slip out of her mouth. 

"Good morning babe," she said, leaning over to me. She kissed me on the mouth. I could taste Roger's cock on her lips. That pungent taste in my mouth suddenly had all my senses at attention.

"You want to share? Let's both do him!" she said, gesturing to her man's cock, which was still in her hand. Roger was lying on the bed. His cock was rock hard. I studied it for a moment. Yes, I did want to share it. I nodded to her and moved in close. 

"Suck him," she said. I took hold of Rog's cock. Nothing in the world seemed more natural right now than to have that thing in my mouth. I could feel my mouth watering as I contemplated what I was about to do. I licked the underside, running my tongue up the full length until I reached the head. I opened my mouth and let it slide against my tongue, and deep into my mouth. Mmmm...

I began to suck him with slow, long, deliberate movements. Wendy moved around so that she could lick his balls. I watched her take one of them into her mouth. We watched each other. 

"He's a real mouthful, isn't he?" Wendy said, letting his balls pop free from her mouth for a moment. She was smiling. 

"Yeah, he is," I almost giggled, before taking him into my mouth again. Soon Rog began to moan. I don't know how long they had been at it before I woke up, but it must have been some time, because clearly he was about to cum. Wendy sensed it too. 

"I think it's showtime, Anne," she announced. She seemed very relaxed, and in all that's how it felt; very different from the emotion-charged atmosphere of the previous night when we had been doing this. Now, as we both sucked and licked her man, it was lighthearted, almost playful. 

"Oh God," Roger groaned, "I'm going to cum!" 

"OK, Anne stop," said Wendy. "Hey Rog, how do you want this? Where do you want to cum, babe?"

I was almost shocked that she would say something like that, and say it so casually, as if asking did he want sugar in his coffee. 

"I want to cum on you both," he grunted. "I want to cum on your faces." 

Wendy looked at me, as if for a sign of approval. I kind of nodded back to her. I hadn't generally liked this in the past, but this seemed different. Well, it was very different, I had to keep reminding myself. This whole thing was more different than anything I'd ever experienced before. 

"OK," she said, moving in close to me, so close that our faces, our cheeks touched. "OK, we're ready. Cum for us babe, but don't let it go in our eyes, OK?" 

I couldn't believe how casual this all seemed. And I couldn't believe myself that I actually laughed when she said to not cum in our eyes, as if he had told some witty joke. Rog hauled himself up from his prone position on the bed to move in close to us, on his knees and right in front of our faces with that big cock. It was pointing right at us as he took it into his hand and began to jerk himself off. It didn't take long. I watched out of the corner of my eye as Wendy, eyes closed, lifted her chin up to his cock, and opened her mouth. I did the same, waiting in anticipation of The Moment. My God, I could hardly believe this was happening! It wasn't that it was really hitting my buttons as such, but in a weird way it was -- it just made me feel like a complete and depraved total whore. 

I watched his arm muscles contract. His head flung back. This was it. I suddenly had this sense of power, a pure visceral sense of sheer male power, and that I was facilitating it, causing it to explode, well, Wendy too, but that I was doing it right there with my friend, and doing it with a man that was hers, not mine. It felt intoxicating. I wanted to close my eyes in case they got hit by flying cum, but I wanted to see it, see the cum flying out at us, on us! And then it came. The first blast erupted as Rog growled in ecstasy, and it splashed across Wendy's chin and mouth. As soon as it did, she opened her mouth and let her tongue hang out, and caught the next load that way. Rog was cumming hard now, his naked body spasming hard, powerfully, thrusting towards us, the white fluid flying out; some it on my cheek, another blast landing on my chin. Almost without thinking I craned my neck forward and opened my mouth, craving, wanting, needing to feel the man's hot seed come directly out of his body and on my skin. And I got my wish, another load blasting across my opened lips, onto my tongue as it registered that vaguely salty taste, a taste unlike anything else known to man. Soon it was over. Rog slumped down on the bed, exhausted. I turned to Wendy. Her face was covered in semen. 

"You look a mess!" she smiled at me. 

I smiled back. She leaned in and kissed me on the lips, and I could taste Roger's cum everywhere in her mouth, and in mine. We rubbed our cheeks against one another, lubricated by the sticky fluid. We slumped down in the bed in an embrace, Roger's cum sticking to our bodies as we cuddled and kissed....

As I recounted that momentous night as I sat there in the aircraft, my hand was resting gently in my lap. I felt a deep and near uncontrollable urge to rub myself. But even though there was no one sitting alongside, there were too many people around, and the air hostesses were constantly parading up and down the isle. I couldn't. Not here. But I wanted to. Badly. 

My pussy throbbed as I sat there, daydreaming. I was feeling, not frustrated, just deliciously sexy. Even so, I felt the need, felt it intensely, and before long I was surreptitiously rubbing myself with my finger, very small movements, being careful to make sure no one could see. I sank myself further down in the seat to get more comfortable. Spreading my legs a little, not too much, certainly nothing that could be construed as improper, so I was able to anchor my shoes against the seat in front, so I could wiggle my hips just a little. Ooh, yes, so nice! I wasn't going to be able to make myself cum, and I didn't want to -- not here in public like this! But it was just so very mmmm! 

As the big aircraft hummed along in the sky I felt like closing my eyes and just losing myself in the sensations. It was so relaxing sitting there like that, kind of peaceful, the dull, droning roar of the engines creating an incessant yet comforting soundtrack to the journey. My eyes felt heavy. Yes, I could let them close for just a bit; it will be OK, no one will see. So relaxing... The guy across the isle was immersed in a book. He wasn't watching. I closed my eyes, as I continued to gently rub my index finger up and down across my clit. Mmmm. Then, as I heard the sound of footsteps coming down the row, I opened my eyes and held my hand still. It was one of the hostesses. I saw her smile at me as she went past towards the back of the aircraft. I could see it in her smile, by the expression on her face: I think she saw! I looked down at myself, legs spread, hand basically between my legs. Well, actually, it was pretty obvious what was going on. Yes, of course she knew... God, how embarrassing -- the hostess just caught me playing with myself! How could I have been so careless!

I had hardly had time to think before she was back. But this time she stopped at my row. For a split second I thought I was in some kind of trouble. She leaned across at me from the isle, smiling. "Ma'am, can I get you a blanket?" she asked, glancing down at my lap. "To keep your legs warm?"

I may have just been stupidly careless, but I wasn't too stupid to pick what she meant. She was smiling at me, but her gaze was gesturing at my nether regions. It wasn't that cold on board. I was pretty sure, because really there could be no other reason, that she was offering me a blanket so I could continue with what she'd just seen me doing before with a little more privacy...

"Er, yes, thank you, that would be lovely," I said sheepishly.

The girl was beaming. "OK, I'll be right back."

I was even more embarrassed now. But God, what a cute girl, I thought, as I watched her head back up the front of the aircraft. Well, she was no girl, she was probably my age, but very attractive: gorgeous honey blonde, pretty face, lovely smile, and a nice figure under that airline uniform. And, oh God, what a situation: unless I was mistaken, she was going to help me secretly masturbate on the aircraft! 

Soon she was back with a little blanket tucked under her arm. 

"Here, let me," she said. I sat there as she leaned across me to smooth the blanket over my thighs, tucking it down between the seats over either side of my hips. I noted that she made sure my arms were tucked in under the blanket - yes, she knew... I felt her fingers graze along my hips as she smoothed down the blanket. She was very thorough. 

"There," she said, looking up at me with a cheeky grin on her face.

I looked up at her, smiling meekly at my co-conspirator. "Thank you," I said. She was very cute. She smiled and leaned across the seat and bent down towards my face.

"Have a lovely flight," she softly whispered in my ear. I could smell her perfume, feel her breath against my neck, even feel her lips just gently graze my ear as she whispered... Ooh, it sent a jolting tingle to my nipples! 

I turned to face her just before she lifted her head away. I almost wanted to kiss her, but of course I wasn't going to do that. Her face was only inches from mine. I smiled at her.

"Thank you," I said into her eyes. "I will." 

She paused just for a moment. "Just press the button if you need anything else," she said with a smile, a knowing smile. I nodded, and then she was gone. 

I sat there thinking about what had just happened. I felt embarrassed -- but why should I? The girl wasn't making a big deal about it; in fact, she was helping me. I wondered if she was going back to tell the other airline staff, sort of like - 'check it out: the woman in seat 34B is fingering herself under a blanket'. Well, I had no way of knowing any of that, so why trouble myself with it? As it was, my hand was now concealed beneath the blanket, none of the other passengers were aware or could see, and I was just feeling real damn horny now. I let my hand stray down to my crotch. I lifted my skirt. Damn it, I thought, no one can see: I'm going to do it. I shifted in my seat so I could lift my skirt up and out of the way. I slid my hand down over my mound, over my panties. Yes, they were wet. I always seemed to be wet these days. And even feeling that wetness through my fingers, the engorged lips, that was hot in itself; it was just so wrong to be masturbating on an aircraft! I spread my legs a little wider. The blanket covered everything. No one could see. And the row of seats behind me was vacant. I felt safely concealed as my fingers found the side of my panties, and pulled them to one side, out the way. I closed my eyes. Oh yes, so wet... 
