 She slid her hand over his right knee until it rested just on the inside of his leg and began gently caressing him through his tux pants. He turned his attention away from the road for just a second to smile at his wife.

"Have I told you that you look incredibly beautiful tonight?"

"You have," she purred, "but I love hearing it. Tell me more, handsome." He chuckled, and she trailed her fingers a little higher on the inside of his thigh.

"You are stunning. Gorgeous." Her hand crept a little further up. She was at mid-thigh now. "An absolute vision of loveliness." Another inch. He glanced over and raised his eyebrow questioningly. "Very sexy." Her next move grazed the head of his cock, which had begun to lengthen down his right thigh when she first touched his knee. He drew a quick breath, and said, "And very, very distracting."

"I see." She brushed her fingers over the head again, gently moving the silk of his boxers underneath his pants, and was rewarded with a strong twitch, and a quiet growl.

"You realize I'm driving, right?" Another quick glance at her revealed that her satiny dress showed her erect nipples. He let out a little groan. 

"I do." She gently scraped over the ridge of his cock with her nails. The twitch visibly moved his pants. "I'm finding it quite arousing to watch you fight to keep focus while I'm touching you." Her voice was still the sultry purr that made his heart beat faster even when she wasn't touching him.

She held the tips of her thumb and index finger together and placed it at the head of his cock and pushed down, parting her fingers to slide them down either side of what was now his fully erect shaft, and then dragged them back up again. His groan was louder, and deeper.

"Is this why you insisted on the silk boxers?"

"Perhaps." She now slid her hand down between his legs to scrape her nails along his balls. He moved his left leg further towards the car door with a low moan, making room for her to reach lower. Her hand moved back down to cup him, gently fondling the twin bulges within, tugging on the loose skin, and shifting the fabric so that the silk was dragged along his balls and the base of his shaft.

"Oh..." it was a groan, and she checked his face to make sure his eyes were, in fact, still on the road. "Hon, you're killing me."

"Do you want me to stop?" She continued her fondling, knowing that he loved when she played with his balls. 

Another groan as she tugged the loose skin one last time, and shifted to put her thumb and index finger around the base of his cock, encircling him as much as possible through the fabric. She didn't move her hand, just squeezed gently.

He was breathing faster. "No. You know I don't want you to stop." Stealing another look at her, he added with a small smile, "And I know that you wouldn't stop anyway." She started to drag her circled fingers up his shaft, maintaining pressure. The resulting growl was rather louder than the last one, and made her heart beat faster. 

"I love hearing you growl." Her voice was husky. "And I love this." She gave the head of his cock a gentle squeeze and a slight twist of her hand. He heard her breath speed up when she felt the resulting surge in his cock.

They had reached their exit off the highway, and at the stoplight he turned to her, put his hand on the back of her neck and pulled her to him for a deep, hard kiss. "We're going to your event, sweetheart. If you aren't careful we are going to need to turn around. I don't have spare tux pants."

"I guess I will just have to make sure you last until the hotel," she replied. She eased her grip, but added the rest of her fingers, wrapping her hand around him, and beginning slow, full strokes from base to tip.

The light changed, and the car behind them honked. He looked up and started through the intersection. She was still stroking. He was breathing harder.

"If you think what you're doing right now is the way to make me last, I have some news for you." She noticed his hands gripping the steering wheel rather tightly, and released her hold on him entirely, allowing him a few breaths to calm down a bit before resuming her teasing. This time she focused just on the head, gently running her fingers back and forth over the ridge that was clearly visible as his cock strained upward, trying to escape his pant leg. 

"Better?" She knew the answer, but it was fun to ask.

"God, woman," he breathed quietly, and she chuckled low in response.

"We are almost there. Just a bit longer."

He glanced over at her again briefly. "And then what? I do hope that you have a plan that reaches beyond stroking me to distraction in the car." She shifted back down to fondle his balls again.

"You'll just have to wait and see." She tugged gently on the loose skin between his legs, resting her wrist on the rock hard shaft in his right pant leg. "Maybe I'm just planning on leaving you like this all evening." She gave his entire crotch a final sweep from the bottom of his balls up to the tip of his cock. And then stopped touching him entirely and sat back in her seat, enjoying the way his eyebrows crept up his forehead. They were pulling into the hotel parking garage. 

The lot was rather full, and it wasn't long before her hand crept back to his lap, stroking his length once more as he continued to search for a parking space. "I knew you wouldn't be able to resist," he said with a groaning sigh. "You're a minx." She laughed, and increased pressure and speed, sliding her hand more rapidly over his hard shaft, making sure to pay special attention to the head on each upstroke.

He finally found a parking space, breathing heavily, starting to moan softy with each stroke. "Back in to the space," she said, now teasing just the head of his cock, quickly sliding the silk back and forth over his frenulum.

"You have to stop for a second." She looked at him questioningly. He grabbed hold of her wrist. "I'm going to wreck the car trying to back into the parking space otherwise." She acquiesced, and he successfully maneuvered the car into the empty space.

Taking him in hand again, she picked up where she left off, teasing his frenulum with the silk, and whispering, "Your job now is to keep watch." She released her seatbelt, and he followed her lead. Bringing her lips to his ear, she whispered, "Because I'm going to finish you off with a magnificent blowjob before we go in." He briefly closed his eyes and swore softly as she unzipped his pants, and then swore again as she wrapped her hand around his hard cock and maneuvered it through the fly of his boxers and up into the air.

Gently stroking him, rubbing the precum around the head, she whispered one more time before beginning, "Open your eyes. You have to keep watch." And then she wrapped her lips around him, and slid down to where her hand was wrapped around him.

"Oh." He was breathing rapidly as she began sucking, stroking her tongue along his shaft. "Oh, yes." He was already close from all the teasing. This wasn't going to take long at all. She slid up so that just the head was in her mouth, swirling her tongue around the ridge while she stroked with her hand. She brought her other hand over and cupped his balls. 

His hands rested on her hair, and he fought to keep his eyes open. He saw several people walk down the next aisle, but no one near enough to see what they were doing. But at any minute someone could walk up to get in the cars on either side of them. That possibility added excitement. He knew that's what she had intended. His involuntary swearing increased as she increased tempo and sucked harder, and he felt his orgasm rise through his balls as they pulled up tighter to his body. "Oh, God, I'm going to come. Don't stop. Oh, don't stop." Panting, trying not to yell. "I'm coming!" And he closed his eyes, gripped her hair and thrust up into her mouth and hands. 

She kept her lips wrapped around him through his orgasm, swallowing as the pulses from him filled her mouth, loving the way he was thrusting his hips. She used her tongue on him as the pulses died down, knowing that he would be sensitive. She finally gently tucked his softening cock back into his boxers, patting gently, and zipped him up. He was laughing, a low, husky, satisfied sound, and she sat up and smiled at him.

"Baby, I have no idea where that came from, but thank you. That was amazing." His voice drawled slightly, as if forming complete words required extra effort.

"I know you hate these events. I thought I would thank you in advance." Her eyes were dancing, and she looked rather pleased with herself.

"Well, then you are very welcome. Anytime." The corner of his mouth twitched up in an adorable half smile. "Truly. Anytime."