 Friday evening after a particularly stressful day at work Paul called his wife. He asked her to meet him at a local watering hole for a drink and to unwind before going home. He had been horny for her all day, ever since they got up too late to scratch the itch they both shared that morning. Paul wanted to race home after work to have sex with Jennifer, but the day had worn him thin. He was in need of a drink and some distraction from work first. 

Paul entered the lounge and settled in at the bar to wait for Jenn. The place was full this early in the evening but he figured it was the Friday crowd doing the same thing he was. As he waited and finished his Margarita the crowd started to thin. Soon there were only two couples and a few single guys. One man in a business suit was sitting alone at the bar near Paul. To break the monotony Paul introduced himself. 

"How're you doing tonight my name's Paul?"

The man eyed Paul for a moment as though he were sizing him up. He then smiled, extending his hand and said, "I'm doing fine, my name's Don." 

His keen brown eyes searched Paul's face and body language. Looking for signs of aggression or psychosis. Finding none, Don asked, "What're you drinking, would like another?"

"Yes, I would. Paul said. My wife is on her way but you know how that is." 

Don laughed and said, "Oh yeah, I can relate, I was married once. It didn't work out and I haven't taken the plunge again."

"So what's keeping you from it, Don?"

The man looked at Paul over the rim of his glass and said, "I haven't met the right one yet. Besides, I'm having too much fun living the single life. If you know what I mean?"

"Yeah, I do. Hasn't been that long ago for me either but I have a great wife now. I couldn't be happier. We're a perfect match. She's smart, adventurous, loving and sexy as hell. We let each other be ourselves and encourage one another in pretty much anything we engage in." Paul set his second drink glass down and motioned for another round even before he was empty. 

The alcohol didn't waste any time hitting home and Paul quickly became chatty about this and that. He told Don about a home movie they had recently made. He was rather pleased with the way it turned out. The more comfortable he became, Paul, painted a picture of he and his wife and the sometimes erotic lives they led. Don now showed more of an interest. He found himself telling Don, how uninhibited his wife was. How they would tell each other their fantasies, even playing out some of them together. How she would masturbate for him as he watched and other sex games they liked to engage in. Paul could see by the bulge in his pants that Don was becoming aroused by the sexual banter. It was having the same unexpected effect on Paul as he talked. 

It was then Jennifer came through the door, scanning the room for her husband. She was beautiful. Dressed in a sheer knee-length, skirt. The backlighting from the open door turned the fabric translucent. Her shapely body visible through the thin material. A snug fitted top as green as her eyes accentuated her ample bosom. Her auburn hair flowed in loose curls, at times both hiding or framing her breasts. Paul raised his hand and stood as she spotted him at the bar. Her face lit up with a broad Hollywood smile that could capture any room. She tracked straight toward Paul her skirt, hugging her curves. 

Don started to comment but all that came out was "Whoa!"

Paul lightly kissed Jenn on the lips and turned to Don. "Don, this is my wife Jennifer, ain't she something?" he gloated. Don stood speechless, Jennifer filled the void by offering her hand, "Hello Don, please call me Jenn. Jennifer is just too formal."

Paul made room for Jenn between Don and himself and ordered her a drink. They soon decided it would be more comfortable in a booth so they found one away from the bar and settled in. Don sat across from the couple. He was silently replaying Paul's earlier conversation about their home movie. He tried not to stare at Jenn with her hypnotic green eyes and large breasts. He found it impossible.

They talked and drank for an hour until someone suggested they leave the now crowded bar. They decided to go to Paul and Jenn's home, for a nightcap. Don followed in his rental car. He was only in town for one more night. The business meetings he had attended being over, he had to catch an early flight the next morning.

On the ride home, Paul thought about how Don had become aroused from him telling the story of Jenn and the home video. He admitted to Jenn what he had said before she arrived. Don was surprised how many questions she asked about what he had said to get Don that excited. He thought talking about their sex life with a stranger might piss her off. Instead, she seemed interested. He told her that he had also become aroused as he related the details to Don. Even now, talking to Jenn about it was sparking his libido.

Reaching over he pushed her skirt up. She was not wearing panties. Paul looked at her as if to ask why as he enjoyed her wetness. His fingers teased her shaved cleft. She was already damp. 

"You said you wanted to have some fun tonight, so I thought I would get the party started, she said with a laugh. "I didn't know we were having company."

She admitted rather sheepishly, "I and Don were kind of playing footsie under the table at the bar. That and touching your bulge excited me... he is a fine looking man after all."

"Are you telling that while you were stroking me you were playing with his feet?" 

"Yeah, I hope you're not mad at me. I was just being playful." 

"No, I'm not mad, but now what do we do? He's following us home and may have expectations. It's bad enough I told him about the video and got him hot and bothered, now this?" Paul said.

"We'll think of something. Let's go with the flow and see where it takes us." Jenn said smiling.

"That's Jenn, always the optimist," he thought. Paul had an inkling of what she was hinting. He had to admit the thought was intriguing. They touched each other the rest of the way home. The couple hesitated to get out of the car to let Paul's erection subside. Don pulled into the drive behind them and thankfully he too, took his time getting out of the car. Paul wondered if it wasn't for the same reason, now that he knew what had transpired at the bar with Jenn.

Finally, they went into the house. Paul made drinks and showed Don around, while Jenn disappeared into the bedroom. Paul excused himself as Don was browsing through their music collection and went to see what was keeping Jenn. 

She was in the bathroom freshening her makeup when he came in. She seemed nervous so he asked what she was thinking about. Jenn said, "What do you think we should do now?"

"Look, are you attracted to this guy? Do you want to have a threesome or something? I admit I'm excited by the idea...OK, maybe a lot excited! I just want us to be happy with whatever we decide." 

Jenn was looking at her husband like a deer in the headlights when he said, "OK, it's alright with me, in fact, it could be a lot of fun. It's something we've fantasized about many times. You make the call."

That must have released Jenn's emotional gridlock. She started asking about how they should go about it. She was obviously nervous and fevered at the prospect. The more questions she asked, the hotter and more confused she became. Paul admitted he had thought about watching Don and Jenn having sex. He said that he was horny as hell, had been that way since morning and was ready for anything. He was eager to see this stranger with her as much as she wanted to be with him. It would be hot to watch the two of them together.

The couple came from the bedroom a bit red-faced from their discussion. Don was sitting on the sofa, drink in hand, his long legs stretched out in front of him. His dark hair tousled from running his hands through it.

"I was beginning to think you two weren't coming back and I'd have to drink all alone." he smiled.

"No, nothing like that," Paul said as he retrieved his own glass and downed the mixture. They made small talk until Paul brought up the video again, Don's face lit up. 

"Are you ready for the viewing, I mean do you have time and would you like to?" Paul said nervously.

"Sure, I would love to see it. I have until my flight leaves in the morning to do whatever," he said, a tone of excitement in his voice. Paul glanced at Jenn, she smiled and diverted her eyes.

"Is it alright with you, honey? Do you mind if Don sees our video?" 

She got up to make herself another drink, then coyly, "OK, if you must." Jenn sensed what was to come and it ignited a familiar heat between her legs.

Paul started the video, it showed Jenn on the bed in a sweet see-through burgundy camisole and matching bikini bottoms. He was in silk boxers. They kissed and touched each other through their clothing. Paul started kissing Jenn's neck and fondling her breasts. Don sat still watching at first but when Paul pulled Jenn's camisole down and exposed her tits he became wide-eyed. He kept saying how sweet and nice she looked in a low breathy voice. Soon, the screen filled with her firm shapely ass but her pussy remained hidden. Paul spanked her bottom several times until it had a rosy hue. He told her what a bad girl she was and then began to peel off the rest of her lingerie exposing her clean-shaven pussy. The only hair remaining was a cute heart shape above her clit. Paul directed Jenn to play with herself as he took some close-up shots of her. She spread her lips, running a finger up and down her slit and around her glistening clit, enticing Paul with her lewdness.

As the trio watched and commented on the video, Don's voice began to quiver with mounting excitement. Jenn's skirt was now raised above her knees and she was fighting the impulse to touch herself. On the screen, she was pressing her tits together in front of the camera. Paul was behind her reaching between her legs to rub her pussy. Her lips glistened with her juices.

"So Don, do you like her tits enough to suck on them?" Paul whispered. 

"I'd love too, but I don't want to cause any problems," he exclaimed.

"No problem here, you could help us fulfill a fantasy. We've talked about having a third person join us many times and I guess maybe the time is right. Do you have any problems with two men and one woman?"

"Not at all, I'm excited and honored to join you for some fun." Don returned.

Pulling at his tie and unbuttoning his shirt Don said, "I never thought this trip would come to this. It makes the traveling all worthwhile." 

"Like I said, Don, we've talked and fantasized about this for a long time. Jenn has wanted to have sex with two men at once and I've wanted to watch another man with her. This is the right time and place. What can I say? Speaking of the star, where did she go?" Paul rose and headed for the bedroom, leaving Don to finish removing his shirt and pants. Jennifer had changed into the same camisole outfit that she wore on the video. She looked awesome! He couldn't help grabbing a hand full of ass as she passed by. He told her that he had invited Don to join in. 

"I thought maybe you had so I got ready, turned down the bed and laid out your shorts. I'll keep him company while you ready yourself." 

"Oh, baby... I'm ready right now!"

Jennifer was more than ready. She seemed exhilarated from the combination of the drinks, video and the thought of what was about to happen. Jennifer disappeared around the corner and Paul went to change.

Don was on the sofa now with just his shorts on watching Jenn give Paul head on the TV. When he saw her he quickly drew his hand away from his crotch only to show that his shorts wouldn't hold what he was trying to hide. He stammered and blushed as Jenn walked directly over and sat down next to him. 

"Let me see if I can help you with that." she boldly said as her hand reach through the front opening and grasp his hard-on. "My, aren't you a big boy, and hard too," she whispered. Still stammering Don told her that it was he that was supposed to be sucking on her tits. She agreed and pulled his head to her chest.

Don went after her like a starving man. He pulled her camisole straps down and exposed what he was witness to in the video. Her breasts were fantastic, large and firm, with light brown nipples, hard and erect. He sucked one into his mouth and worked it around with his tongue. Dividing his time between the two, Jenn's head fell against the sofa. She delighted in the attention. Jenn maintained her grip on his manhood, pulling and squeezing the man's pulsing cock. Don felt huge in her hand. She wanted so badly to put her mouth on him though she loved the feeling of him kissing her breasts. 

Paul watched from the bedroom doorway as Don ravished his wife. He stroked himself and watched as Jennifer's hand did the same to the man's cock. He felt a rush of adrenaline surge through his body as he thought of touching and putting Don's cock in his mouth. What a strange sensation he thought. I'm not gay, but to experience the act, intrigued him. What would it be like, what does Jenn feel when she does it to him? So many times he had wondered. He had to know.

Jennifer rose to her knees, pushing Don back against the sofa as she read Paul's mind. She lowered her head to his throbbing cock. Don complied, stretching out his long legs, his cock thrusting out of his shorts like a rising tent pole. Jenn looked at it and gave a low whistle as her hand worked the long, thick shaft. She put her mouth over the head and it quickly disappeared. Her head bobbed as she sucked and licked and pulled at his huge shaft.

Paul sat behind Jenn stripping her panties to her knees, exposing her juicy, excited pussy. She continued to service Don's magnificent appendage. Paul spread his wife's ass cheeks and slid his tongue between them, teasing and probing. She knelt with her ass in the air as he licked and sucked at her bare lips, tasting the sweet nectar he was so used to. 

Oral sex with Jenn inspired Paul's sex drive flushing his many fantasies from their hiding places. Under its spell, he was game for anything as far as sex was concerned. He let the stimulation wash over him like a giant wave of lust. His mind filled with the prospect of having sex with another man now that the chance was upon him. This could be the right time. He decided to to go for it and give in to his base desires.

Soon he was joining Jennifer at Don's crotch. They shared the experience as they had so many other firsts. Jenn offered Don's cock to Paul and he took it eagerly. With his eyes closed, he took the man's member into his mouth, feeling the soft, fullness it presented. Carefully, he began a slow fucking motion with his lips. He wanted Don to feel the joy that he hoped he could give by having an intimate knowledge of his own penis.

Don lay back with his eyes closed rejoicing in the feeling of what he thought was this woman's talents. Little did he suspect that it was Paul not the beautiful woman that was giving him such pleasure. Paul, absorbed in the act, used different strokes and pressures pulled at the man's member. He was getting as much pleasure from the feel of this smooth slippery man part filling his mouth as he had hoped. The experience rivaled that of eating his wife's pussy in excitement, which always gave him immense joy in itself. 

Jenn pulled back to watched as her husband savored this other man's penis. She was surprised and excited watching their fantasy unfold before her eyes. She had never thought that Paul was capable of such passion with a man. Sure they had talked about it many times but she never expected it to happen. She was on fire with need, wanting her own time with this man's rock hard cock. She longed to be fucked and she wanted this stranger to fuck her first. She wanted both men to fuck her. She was so hot and ready that she envisioned the men in a double penetration scene with her. She imagined their cocks rubbing together inside her as they fucked her with abandon. 

Jenn tapped Paul's shoulder to get his attention and he released Don from his mouth. Jenn switched places with Paul and climbed on to straddle Don's hips. Lowering herself, she helped guide his stiff prick to her waiting cavity. Slowly she lowered herself until she consumed its entire length. Don forced his hips upward to give her every inch as deeply as he could. She whimpered as he hit bottom, pushing against her insides. 

Paul watched as Don thrust his cock deep into his wife, his balls slapping against her ass as she rode him. Overcome with the sight, Paul maneuvered himself behind Jenn's raised ass. He directed his cock against her. With some lube and persistence, he managed to force himself into her ass. Her body stretched to accommodate him. The two men stopped to let her adjust with the fullness before they began to move within her crowded body. She loved it. The thought of these two men inside her and the full feeling was like nothing she had ever felt before. The woman relaxed as best she could and let them fuck her as they wanted.

Paul could feel Don's cock moving against his through Jenn's thin tissues. It was like nothing he had ever experienced. The two men worked their cocks rhythmically back and forth alongside each other. It was an erotic masturbatory dance that left them all whimpering with joy.

Don was beside himself with ecstasy. He moved his cock against Paul's feeling the other man sliding against him in the most delightful way. The thought and mental vision were so overpowering that he had to fight back his urge to cum. 

The trio writhed as one for many minutes before Don announced that he could hold back no longer, "I'm going to cum...oh god... I can't stop". 

Jenn urged Don to let go, "Oh yes, give it to me. I want you to fill me with your cum... fuck me, Don!" 

With a loud guttural groan, his cock throbbed, releasing its burden, flooding Jenn with his white torrent. He held himself deep within her as he came. Paul was struggling to keep his own orgasm in check when Jennifer broke into hers. With a shuddering cry of joy, she came again and again, "Oh yes...Fuck me...oh fuck me...fill me, Paul..."

Paul took his turn filling Jenn with an explosive climax. After a time, each man's cock slowly slipped from the woman as their erections softened. Leaving her to silently weep with joy from her mind-expanding orgasm. And the gratification of pleasing these two men. She had experienced an act that she had only fantasized. The reality was overwhelming. 

Paul dropped to the floor still gasping for breath until he was again able to speak. 

"Jenn honey, are you alright, how do you feel?

"I'm fine, more than fine. I just need a few minutes. Thank you both for a wholly, mind-blowing orgasm." she said between deep breaths.

"Don...how about you," Paul asked? 

Don was speechless. He too was having a hard time catching his breath after such a volatile orgasm.

"Yeah, I'm good... just can't talk... right now."

The three lay, scattered on the sofa and floor for some time before they were able to move again. Paul reached up and took Jennifer's hand, "I love you, baby." 

Don left an hour later full of smiles and saying this had to be the best business trip he had ever taken. 

Later, Paul and Jenn fell into bed, entwined in each other's arms. They drifted into a satisfied, peaceful sleep. There would be time tomorrow to discuss and relive their shared adventure.