 I usually don't look forward to long car trips, but sometimes they can be quite fun. My wife and I, and another couple were going for a long weekend to a friend's cabin in the mountains. The drive was about five hours, since we left after work on Friday, it was going to be after midnight when we would arrive. 

Rick and Susan wanted to take their car, so my wife and I settled in the back seat to enjoy the ride Rick put on some mellow music, and My wife snuggled up to me with her back to my side, and stretched one leg on the seat. Then she pulled a blanket out and covered herself, and tried to take a nap. Or so I thought. 

After a little while, Susan fell asleep in the front sleep, and I'm sure Rick thought we had dozed too. Then my wife took my arm and pulled to over her shoulder and sunk down lower in her seat. She covered my side facing her as much as possible, and then after some wiggling on her part and me wondering what she was doing, I felt my hand being pulled up inside her sweater, and onto her braless breasts. I glanced in the front to see if either one of them were paying attention, and after some more coaxing by my wife's hand, I began to knead her soft tits. 

I held the weight of her boob in my hand and stroked the soft underside slowly. Every so often, I would leave her breast to draw lines up and down her side and give her goose bumps that I knew were hardening her nipples, and stirring her fire down below. Returning to her boobs, I found her nipple hard and very sensitive. I took it between my thumb and finger and firmly twisted and massaged it. I kept feeling it get harder and harder between my fingers; and I felt myself getting quite hard too. 

When I was done with that breast, I moved my ministrations to the other side and began to work gently on her other breast too. I knew she was getting really horny, and she was trying not to move around too much in her seat. I felt her left elbow move from holding herself up propped against my thigh to work its way to my groin and rub my hard-on. It's quite amazing what an elbow can do to a raging erection through pair of jeans.

It was quite dark outside by now, and the music was giving a great noise barrier to our backseat adventure. Rick was concentrating on his driving, and Susan seemed fast asleep. So I continued to give my wife more pleasurable torture, not being quite sure if I could make her come. I slid my hand down to the waistband of her skirt, and proceeded to draw up the hem so I could better access her moist pussy. I stroked the inside of her thighs, and felt the heat from her pussy emanating out. I stroked her pussy through her panties, and slipped one finger inside the leg hole. I continued to stroke gently the outer lips of her very wet pussy, and lingered in her soft pubic hair. She then helped me ease her panties down and off and she stuffed them in my pants pocket. 

She was really quite ready for more, because I felt her hand on top of mine and guide me back to her wetness. With gently pressure, she helped me ease a finger inside her with ease, and I felt her let out a sigh. 

She kept her finger on top of mine, and started to encourage me to slide my finger in and out. She then directed my finger to her clit, and rubbed her clit with my finger. This was great. She was masturbating with my hand. I could tell she wanted to come badly by the anxiousness of her strokes. I just followed along. She managed a rhythm and motion to keep her clit rubbed and get out finger inside of her.

She was slow yet somehow also very much with a purpose. I know she likes to be teased, as do I, but this time she was not going to be stopped. Pretty soon she picked up her tempo, and I felt her breathing getting shallow and quick. Then after a couple minutes, I felt her orgasm grasp our fingers as she pressed them harder and deeper inside herself. Her inner muscles contracted tightly and she kept biting her lip as not to let out any yells or gasps. She kept out hands pressed inside her for a couple minutes, and then slowly withdrew then, totally covered in her sweet juices. 

Keeping in her role of being asleep, she kind of let out some sleepy noises, and then rearranged herself so she lay down on the seat facing me with her head on my lap. She drew the blanket up around her shoulders, and as far as possible over my legs. My erection was throbbing now, and she started to gently stroke it up and down through my pants. Each minute or so, she would reach up and unbutton one button at a time of my jeans in between extremely pleasurable strokes of my cock and balls from the outside. Then, when all the buttons were undone, the head of my cock was exposed above the waistband of my underwear. I let out a deep sigh as she ever-so-lightly traced circles around the head. 

I kept looking down trying to get a good look at her while still trying to feign being asleep. She was facing me, and I could see her eyes looking intently at my swollen cock only inches from her mouth. She hooked her thumb around the waistband and drew them down a little so she could stroke the underside of my shaft. Holding the elastic with two fingers, the other fingers drove my absolutely crazy as they teasingly stroked the groove on the underside. She knew what this does to me, so she kept her strokes too light and slow to make me come, but hard enough to send bolts of pleasure down to my toes. I tried hard to keep still, but couldn't help thrusting my hips up towards her mouth. I took one hand and re-found her tits under her shirt and tried to distract myself by turning her on again. With the other hand, I tried to pull her head closer to my cock. When I did that, she stopped her hands, and looked at me with a look to tell me to be patient. 

I tried to relax, and the more I sat still as she continued to tease my hard cock, the more it felt marvelous. I know if I can sit still and totally concentrate on her motions, the feelings are intensified. She rewarded my patience and control by sliding her mouth to my cock and lightly licked the underside. I pulled the blankets up enough to cover her head, and enough to allow her to breathe and me to see in the dim light of the streetlights. I picked my hips up so she could slide my pants and underwear down enough so that my cock was fully exposed to her. She reached up and drew the head of my cock inside her mouth. I saw her lips close firmly around the head and then I felt her tongue lick slow circles around the head, and probe at the hole at the tip.

She kept just the head inside for a while and started to make sucking motions with her lips and tongue. And then she paid special attention with her velvety tongue to the most sensitive groove on the underside. 

The feeling of her hand around the base stroking combined with the sight and feeling of her mouth filled with the head of my raging cock was out of this world. She looked up at me keeping my cock in her mouth, and then shifted a little and began to slide my whole cock inside her waiting mouth. Inch by inch I could see and feel myself being engulfed by her warm, moist lips. I felt her lips at my pubic hair as she sat still, with my shaft completely buried inside her mouth. I couldn't control the pulsations of my cock, and she just sucked softly until I regained some control.

Knowing that she couldn't make too much sucking nose with the other two in the front seat, she began to apply rhythmic sucking motions with her mouth that felt better that a warm pussy clamping down. She withdrew her head a little and continued her sucking action. Her hand returned to the base and began to pump what was not in her mouth. 

I felt my orgasm approaching and told her so by squeezing harder on her tits. Her nipples were erect in my fingers and I knew she wanted my come in her mouth. Her rhythm was too slow to send me over the edge right away, but I felt myself steadily getting closer. She knew she had me close to the point of no return, and started to bob her head up and down a little.

Now in addition to her hand on the shaft of my cock, her mouth was generating perfect friction in the right places. I felt her teeth and tongue slide against the ridge around the head, and she sucked harder there. I could tell I was just about to come and clenched my hands and mouth to stifle any noise. Then I felt my orgasm hit and shot my come deep inside her mouth. She kept her mouth glued to my cock and she sucked and swallowed as I kept spurting. 

Her hand pumped every drop from me, and her mouth collected every drop. She looked back up at me with my cock still in her mouth and she smiled as my cock began to soften inside her despite being still turned on as hell. She kept me inside her for a few more minutes then slowly and languorously released me from her lips. I managed to rearrange my pants, and she rearranged herself as best she could. After a few more minutes we "woke up," and snuggled each other for the rest of the ride, feeling quite rested by the time we got to our destination.