 I'm a driver. I love to drive. Long trips, short trips, makes no difference to me. Get me in a car, and I'm going. Unfortunately, I don't have a car that makes driving fun. It's a breakdown waiting to happen, the parting blow from my last relationship - with a mechanic who I thought might be around to fix the shitbox. Well, it's paid for and cheap to insure, and I have that shitbox to thank for the experience I'll relate in the next few paragraphs.

It was a beautiful day, warm, sunny and I was headed home after a visit to the old home town. Long drive back to where I lived, straight stretches of superhighway with nothing but corn and soybean fields to see on either side, broken only with the occasional farmhouse. I took my mind off of any concerns about my slipping clutch by playing with the passing traffic. I love to play with truckers, I'll admit. I always dress for long drives in clothes that make it easy - short skirts, low cut tops, no panties... it's a snap to get a little attention as you pass with your hand under a skirt, a little tit showing. Makes those miles just whiz by!

I was passing a long line of trucks at sundown, the sun slanting in through the driver's side window and giving me a good look in the side view mirror of the meat I was passing in the big rigs. I got such a thrill from the sight of their CB mics as they passed the word up the line of what was coming up... Me! I imagined their conversation as I cruised past, pulling a finger from my pussy, putting it in my mouth, rubbing the wet finger against my bare nipple where it peeked from my lacy bra, exposed by the transparent, open blouse that sat unevenly under the seat belt tucked under my left breast. 

I felt deliciously vindicated by every toot of the air horn, by every truck that kept pace with me as I flew past in my haze of sexual abandonment. Stupidly safe and slutty in my car. I passed the last truck, teasing my vibrating pussy to the edge of orgasm with my wet fingers. He was an appreciative voyeur, not asking me to pull over, but giving me the thumbs up and a short blast from his horn. I blew him a kiss as I passed him... I thought about the line of cocks I just passed, imagining each of them straining against the fabric of their jeans. Or better yet, out where the air was clean, them pumping with their free hand, on that long open stretch of road, on those swollen cocks that I was responsible for making so hard and full of cum. 

There was little traffic up ahead, and my tension began to abate without the steady teasing of truck driver eyes. My clutch foot on the dash, I absently fingered my still-wet pussy and fantasized about a rest-stop affair. Not that I would ever actually pursue that avenue. Mine was a purely exhibitionist hobby. I kept up a steady 70, putting the line of trucks behind me. Up ahead, the hot tarmac, white lines and a single black pickup about a half mile ahead. My pussy ached with unfulfilled desire. I pressed on the gas to catch the pickup. I pulled up closer behind the truck, noticing with a thumping of my heart that it was a man alone in the driver's seat. No need to straighten up and fly right, as there'd been if I'd seen a woman's head, or (worse yet) a kid's. 

I put on my one working blinker and smoothly moved into the passing lane. I glanced down to check the peek of my nipple from my blouse and slipped a finger into my once again gushing pussy. I passed the pickup at maybe another 5 miles per hour of speed above what the guy was doing, noticing what a nice truck it was, and the county from which he came. Nice place, I thought to myself! A pretty part of the state! Had a few friends down there - hope I didn't know this dude... Seeing someone you've met at a cookout fingering herself in a car tends to produce some odd reports back to the home folks. My pussy being in the driver's seat however, I decided to take the chance. 

I peered at my prey in his side view mirror. Tousled graying curls... cute round sunglasses... nice beard with just the right amount of white in it. I'm a sucker for older men. From personal experience, I've found that the old saw about snow on the roof tends to prove true every time. And they always know just what to do! As I pulled closer to even with him, I caught his glance in the mirror... and a big grin spread over his handsome face - fabulous, even white teeth that shone in the setting sun. Ooohh! I thought, a real fox, this one! Although it was too late to arrange myself in a more ladylike posture, I felt my whole body flush at the sight of his grin. Yikes! A strong wave of sexual charge coursed through me as I passed him and I felt my hips raise off the seat, my foot reflexively pressing the gas. I shot past him, my fingers on my hard clit and my breath coming hard from open lips. A fine film of sweat sprung out on my forehead, so close was I to the edge. I decided to coast into the right lane in front of him and gather my wits a bit before something unfortunate happened.

But something unfortunate did happen... for my car, at least. A bare three-quarters of a mile registered on my long-ago flipped over odometer when a loud "thump" and backfire changed my heat to a cold chill. A glance in my rear view showed a big cloud of blue smoke emerging from the rear of my car. Smoke seeped from under the hood. With some relief, I saw an exit ahead maybe a hundred yards. I aimed my ex vehicle at the off ramp and nursed the gas, willing the heap to at least make it a little closer to the nearest town. The dear beast cooperated enough to get me up the ramp to the state route it met. Without stopping at the stop sign, I turned in the direction of "Silver Lake 3 miles" and prayed some rusty Hail Marys. The engine coughed back to life long enough to get me to a side road about a mile from the freeway. The red lights came on for real at that intersection. I yanked the wheel to the right and pulled far off onto the shoulder, no horizon but corn. As I cruised to a stop, the car was surrounded with a small cloud of foul-smelling fog. I sat for a moment with the windows rolled up while the fog cleared and hit the steering wheel with the heel of my hand. 

"Fuck me!" I yelled, angry at myself for being so cavalier about my imminent peril. I knew this was going to happen. And not so much as a cell phone to my name. And fairly inappropriate attire for hiking. Four-inch heeled sandals do not a pleasant couple of miles to the nearest farm house make. And I'm sure the religious folks round these parts would love my brief skirt and transparent blouse. Just their thing! I sat for a second, examining my options. A knock on the driver's side window made my heart jump to my throat. "Shit!" I whispered, almost panicked. I thought of all the truckers I'd teased and all the stories I'd heard about mass murderers. Just what my mother always warned me about. Well, maybe my tragic tale would keep some other smug slut from following in my footsteps. I peered out of the window to see the handsome bearded face of the driver of the black pickup I'd just passed. What a guy, to follow me all this way, eating that foul smoke! Wait! Should I be worried?

"Car trouble?" he said loudly through the glass. The patent understatement took me so by surprise that I laughed. Hysterically. I rolled down the window, glad the smoke had dissipated somewhat. 

"Umm... apparently. That's very perceptive!" I hoped my light tone took the sting out of my flip comment. I was a tad overwrought. 

"My friends all tell me I'm the master of the obvious," came the equally flip reply, accompanied by another grin - those great teeth flashing in that hoary beard. Oh, my god! My guardian angel must be bucking for a promotion, bringing me this sexy good Samaritan. 

"Thanks for stopping," I humbly replied, suddenly shy. I felt the color rush to my cheeks.

"Want me to take a look?" he rumbled in his husky voice that seemed to go in my ear and settle right in my pelvis. I smiled up at him with eyes and lips. I unlatched the driver's side door. 

"That would be really... great!" I burbled. He stepped back to let the door swing open. I put my left leg out and leaned down to pop the hood. I looked up to see him taking in the long expanse of bare leg I'd flashed without even thinking. My treacherous body reacted violently to his gaze, as my saner mind flipped my short skirt down between my spread legs. I decided to just go with the "que sera, sera" approach and put my hand out to let him help me from the driver's seat. He took my hand smoothly and provided just enough pressure to lever me free. Very gentlemanly, I thought! What a lucky girl I am! I stepped from the slightly smoking automobile onto the gravel of the roadside. "I really appreciate your help."

He stood for just a bit longer than was polite, subtly noting my disheveled outfit. Glancing down, I noticed my left nipple was still free of it's lacy confines and clearly visible through the sheer fabric of my blouse. I laughed lightly and slid a sly hand inside the neckline to put away the rampant body part. "And I really appreciated the view," he growled, grinning crookedly. There was more than a touch of pirate about this one. I fell back against the car, my breath catching at the response my body had to the tone of his voice. Golly! What a man! With that comment, he strolled to the front of the car and lifted the hood. I stared straight ahead for a moment, vivid images of leading him into the cornfield distracting me from the process. After I'd gotten what little was left of my composure drawn back around me, I teetered over the gravel to peer into the bowels of the car with him. 

"Hmmm.... Looks pretty bad" he grumbled. "If I had my gun I'd probably just shoot it... put it out of its misery" he tilted his head toward me, the last rays of sun glinting off of his round glasses. I noticed they were getting lighter as the sunlight faded and I could see the shadows of incredible blue eyes behind the lenses. I felt a bubble of laughter welling up from my diaphragm.

"There'll be no killing of helpless cars on MY watch, mister!" I threw my arms wide against the side of the car in a dramatic gesture that made my blouse gape open. Somehow, I just didn't care that my white lace was showing. He smiled again and shook his head, ducking it back under the hood to screw a cap back on some container of fluid. He slipped a white handkerchief out of his pocket and wiped his hands. "'fraid there's really nothing I can do about this. You'll need a tow." He sounded truly sorry for me. For that matter, I was truly sorry for me as well. Sheesh. Now what? I crossed my arms under my breasts and thought a minute as he lowered the hood and came to stand in front of me. 

"Do you need a ride?" he asked solicitously, not at all exuding anything like danger. I looked up into his now fully visible blue eyes in the dim light. Oh, yeah, I thought, I need a ride, alright... but not in a pickup truck. Or a car or any kind of motor vehicle, at least not at this moment. He continued to try to get some more persistent oil stains out from under his nails with his handkerchief. I had an idea!

"Actually," I chirped, "if you have a cell phone, I can just call AAA - I'm a charter member!"

"Not surprised, with a heap like this," he quipped. "Sorry, no offense... just hard to picture a classy lady like you in wheels like this."

"Yeah you and me both!" I stood up straight and drew closer to him, watching his attempts to get the oil off his hands. "I've got just the thing for that -" I spun and leaned in the driver's window of my car, fishing around for my purse that held some little moist towelettes perfect for the task he pursued. I felt a breeze on my ass as I leaned in and realized that my skirt was lifting in the wind. I heard a gruff vocalization behind me. I froze, unsure for a moment what to do. Then I felt the barest touch of a rough finger on the outside of my bare thigh. My instincts took over. I held perfectly still, like a rabbit being sniffed by a big, hungry dog. The touch moved down my thigh to just above the outside of my knee, then a short half circle and directly up the back of my thigh. I felt my bare pussy contract, anticipating it's own share of the finger. It was to be disappointed. At least at this juncture. The finger disappeared. I shuddered in arousal and disappointment. But I found the small package and pulled my head through the window to stand and face my savior. 

"Here, try this on that oil - should be just the ticket!" I breathlessly tore open the package and handed him the dripping paper towel. His hand touched mine as he took it from me and our eyes locked. I could see at once that he was as aroused as I. And the tent in his khakis was another giveaway. 

"Thanks," he rumbled, "You're right, takes the stuff right off.... You know," he shuffled his feet a little, and I sensed he was going to say something that he thought might go terribly wrong. "You really should be more careful on the road..."

I knew just what he was getting at, but I didn't feel like sitting for a lecture! I felt like getting into just the sort of trouble he was fixing to warn me against. "Oh," I faked, "I know, I really need to get a new car - it doesn't pay to travel long distance in bad wheels! Lucky you were there to save me..." I tilted my head down, took a step closer into him and looked up, turning the full force of big green eyes right on him. Dimpling right up at him mercilessly. I could smell his scent as I leaned into him. My body was completely filled with rampant hormones at that point - there was no turning back. "I don't know how to thank you for being so... kind." I took a big chance. I put my hand out to rest on the front of his blue work shirt. I felt the beat of his heart through the fabric. I gasped and my own heart lurched in response. I tilted my face up to his to see his reaction and saw his mouth, surrounded by that aggressive beard, open to show the tips of his white teeth. He apparently was having the same difficulty breathing as I! Like a magnet, my body moved the few inches forward to meet his. We fit perfectly together like two pieces of a puzzle.

Before another thought could get in the way, his mouth was on mine, his tongue leaping about mine like a tiger on a gazelle - insistent and forceful and predatory. In the most delicious way! I answered his tongue with my own and found myself pressed up against the door of the car, completely at his mercy... and loving every moment. I felt like a woman dying of thirst being fed the sweetest liquid in the world. His mouth on mine, his hands on either side of my head were the only things keeping me lashed to the earth. It was as if every square inch of skin on my body had developed a separate consciousness and each cell was straining for attention. My nipples suddenly erect pressed into his chest. His hands moved softly from my face to those insistent points of excitement. At the touch of his hand, an electric charge shot to my pussy, making it gush the most fabulous shot of juice - right down my thigh. I groaned in pleasure as his fingers rolled my sensitive nipples. 

Deftly, he unbuttoned the next few buttons on my blouse and the fabric fell away. He drew back for a moment and met my eyes again. I was mesmerized by the heat I saw in his blue eyes. He slipped his glasses off and into the pocket of his trousers. The curly head descended and his lips replaced his fingers on my straining nipples, the roughness of his hands surrounding the yielding flesh of my breasts. His mustache prickled the soft skin, making me shiver in uncontrolled delight. I was suddenly overcome with desire for this stranger - for his mouth and his hands and his cock. I buried my hands in his soft curly hair and pressed his face to my breast, looking down to see the soft flesh spilling over his cheeks and nose. He looked up at me without stopping his torturous tonguing and sucking and biting of my diamond hard nipple. I poured the desire out of my eyes down onto him and his pressure on my flesh increased in response. Of it's own accord, my right leg slid up to wrap around his left, my body bending back to press full length against his bent frame. My pussy was producing a prodigious amount of moisture at this point. This was what they call lust, no doubt about it! I slid a hand down and under my short skirt, dipping one middle finger in the juice running out of me. I brought the finger up, and placed it beneath his nose, pressed against my breast. Offering him the fruits of his labor. He stopped his ministrations. He inhaled deeply and with a single swift motion buried my finger in his hot mouth.

"Mmmm" was the response from my good Samaritan as he straightened, my finger deep in his mouth, his tongue working on it as if to get every drop of my juice out from my fingerprints. The finger sucking did nothing to control my desire. I whimpered, wanting him to take me in any way he would. He stood up to his full height, holding my finger in his mouth with the gentlest of pressure from his teeth and lots of suction. Again, he pushed me back against the car, this time placing the hardness of his fabric-covered cock directly against my swollen pubic mound. I pushed against him and he ground his hardness into me, giving me a taste of things to come. 

In a move that seemed like a clever movie edit, I was away from the car door and hands around my waist lifted me to sit me on the hood of the car. Seamless! I was in a fog of sensual arousal. I felt like a doll, just waiting to be placed in any action pose! He ran his hands down my bare legs as they dangled over the fender, pausing at the knees, lingering over the calves and finally coming to rest on my ankles. He slowly lifted them, my knees bending easily to his direction. He held my legs straight out for a moment, pressing them to either side of his waist. He looked hard at me in the gathering darkness. Behind his head, I saw the huge, bright full moon rising like a benediction. "He's an angel!" I thought in my sexual stupor. And indeed, to me he looked like nothing so much as a manly, meaty, hirsute angel come to my emotional rescue. 

"I won't do anything you don't want me to," he said softly. "I don't take advantage of young ladies in trouble." He waited for my response. For once, the words would not come from my mouth. I smiled, though and poured my desire again upon him. "But GOD you are so sexy. You are so hot. I want you. I've never wanted anyone like this before." And it was as if those words were the key to my silence. The damn burst in me.

"OH, god, then take me. Take anything you can. Everything I've got. I want you as much as you do me. Do what you want. I want anything you can do!" and with those slutty words, my fate was sealed. He grinned once more at me. Then, very seriously and very slowly, never loosening his grip on my ankles, he bent my legs and walked the step or two that brought him close to me again. He placed my heels against the tops of my thighs, my skirt flipped completely up to expose my shaved pussy to his eyes... and to his mouth. Like a penitent, he went down on one knee before me, his face even with my pussy. I felt the night air and his hot breath on my soft folds. His finger gently explored the strange depths of me, the valleys and the crests. His accuracy was remarkable. It was as if he'd seen a map of my erogenous zones and memorized it. I leaned back against the hood of the car, abandoning myself to the sheer ecstasy of his fingers on me, in me, playing me like an instrument. I felt no responsibility to reciprocate at this moment, just the sheer selfish pleasure of a man who wanted to explore me. I was in heaven. 

Every nerve in my body was singing like high tension wires as I focused on his attentions to my pussy. His fingers glided in the moisture which I was producing at a prodigious rate. I gasped as I felt the tip of his nose touch the hardness of my clit. His tongue followed the path of his fingers, touching lightly at first, then hard and flat against the bottom edge of my hungry pussy. A finger thrust into my soft, wet folds and my muscles instinctively grasped at the delicious intruder. I heard a corresponding gasp from him, gravelly and deep. He pulled his finger from me and replaced it with his tongue, thrusting deep into me, tasting the juices that gushed from me.
