 I was already pissed off because, I had to work on a Friday when it was supposed to be my day off. But oh no not for me; people can't be responsible and come to work so now my day is ruined. Apparently my car felt the same way because, the stupid thing wouldn't start. I sat in my front seat cursing smacking the steering wheel seething because, I knew damn well my boss would think this was total BS when I call to tell him. I got out of the car slamming my door shut and kicked the front tire just for the hell of it. I started to stomp back up my front steps to make this dreaded phone call when suddenly loud heavy metal music started blaring out of nowhere. I turn around and see my cute but super shy neighbor is working in his garage. I remembered that he was a gear head and had a thing for me. The light bulb went off and I ran back into my house. 

I went straight for my closet to change into a more persuasive outfit. I was no bomb shell but I have always been comfortable with my body. I have nice full size C breasts and a thick but curvy body. I have long brown hair that is to the middle of my back and big brown eyes. My Italian heritage gave my skin that kissed by the sun slightly tan all year long. God didn't give me a ton but I was about to work what I did have to try and get my car fixed. I went through a few outfits before settling on a short pleated dark purple mini skirt that I knew would show off my black lace thong if I bent over. I put on the matching black lace push up bra and a low cut blood red t-shirt. I don't wear a lot of make-up but I did put on a light pink lipstick and dark purple eye liner to help my eyes and lips stand out a little. I ran a brush through my hair and put on a pair of black converse. I am a firm believer footwear should be cute but sensible. High heels were created by the devil. I gave myself one last look over in the mirror. It wasn't completely subtle that I was trying to catch my neighbors eye but I thought I looked cute anyways. 

When I came back out my front door the music was still blaring and I could see my neighbor had his back to me working under the hood of a car. Perfect I can come in for the sneak attack. I made my way across the street and up my neighbors drive way. The music changed over and Disturbed, "Stupify" came on when I reached the garage. "I saw them last summer in concert. They put on one hell of show." I stated to my neighbor from just inside of the garage door. I giggled as he shot up like I just slapped him. 

"Jesus Christ you scared the shit out of me Vera." 

Still giggling I apologized. "I am sorry Draven. I didn't mean to frighten you." I can't help but have a smirk on my face when Draven turns around and I watch his eyes start at my feet and slowly work their way up my body as he takes in my outfit. He stops and stares extra hard at my breasts before finally making eye contact with me. He blushes when he realizes I just watched him mentally undress me with his eyes. 

I give him a wink and walk over to stand near him. "So what are you working on?" 

He doesn't answer me right away. He has a blank look on his face before he snaps back to reality and finally answers me. "Umm... nothing really. Just messing around." 

I strategically knock one of his wrenches off of the side of the car and it lands just behind him. "Oh shit. I am sorry about that Draven." I move around to pass him making sure my upper arm and breast rub against his arm and then bend over to pick up the wrench giving him full view of my ass and the black lace thong. 

I stood back up taking note of the bulge now forming in the front of his pants and handed him his wrench back he clears his throat and adjusting his stance to try and hide his growing hard on from me. "Thanks. What are you doing today?"

"Funny you should ask that. I was heading into work but my car won't start. Would you be willing to help a neighbor out and take a look for me?" I ask him with a sweet smile and big doe eyes while purposely crossing my arms just under my chest to make my breasts a focal point again. He doesn't disappoint me and stares at them almost drooling while telling me that he would love to take a look under the hood and see what is wrong. He of course lets me lead the way so he can watch my ass so I make sure to put some extra swing in my step. 

He has me pop the hood and immediately starts to fiddle with things. I step back and watch in amazement that in less than five minutes he has my car running and sounding better than it has in a long time. He slams the hood closed and turns around to smirk at me while wiping his hands clean with a rag from his back pocket. "Wow you are like a magician when it comes to these things huh?" 

He shrugs his shoulders and smiles. "Just glad I was able to help out a friend in need." He waves goodbye and heads back across the street to his garage. I watch him walk away feeling a little guilty that I flaunted myself to get him to help me and that it worked so easily. I turned my car off and went to change for work when I noticed a few of Draven's tools on the ground by the car. I gathered them up and headed back across the street to return them. 

"Knock, Knock neighbor. You forgot a few things over at my place." I tell him as I rap my knuckles on the garage door frame.

"Oh thanks. I appreciate that. Can you set them on the bench in the back for me?" I smile and nod my head yes as I walk past him to deposit his tools as he had asked. I set down the tools and before I can turn around I am suddenly pinned against the bench. A hand grabs a huge handful of my hair pulling my head back and another hand grabs my breast squeezing it hard. "Now I think you owe me a better thank you for fixing your car than being a cock tease don't you?" Draven growls in my ear while grinding his hard on into my ass. I am unable to move between his body pinning me to the bench and holding my head back with a handful of my hair. 

He quickly spins me around and pins me again to the bench with his body rubbing his hard on all over the front of me. His blue eyes are full of hunger and raw sexuality. He moves his hand from my breast to my ass and squeezes it hard pulling me closer to him. He then takes the hand that was holding my hair and grabs my jaw pulling my face closer to his and kisses me roughly. He sucks in my lips and bites them almost to the point of pain and forces his tongue into my mouth probing and rubbing. When he finally releases me from his kiss I can barely breath. 

He takes a step back still staring at me with those piercing blue eyes. I am at a loss for words. Draven is your average guy. Medium build with short cut black hair and just under 6 feet tall. I had honestly never really looked at him as being strong or attractive but obviously he was stronger than he looked with the force he used to pin me to the bench. One part of my brain was telling to slap the shit out of him for touching me like that but the other part of my brain was starting to see Draven in a whole new light and I couldn't help but notice my thong was starting to stick to me because, I was shamefully wet and turned on.

He smirks at me and takes barley a step back so I am not pinned against the bench anymore but still well within his reach. While my brain is still arguing out what to do next I gasp when he reaches out and playfully pulls at my bottom lip while licking his. "God the things I want to do to this mouth and your body. You look so fuckable right now. And this ass." He says as he slaps my ass hard drawing a moan I couldn't hold back out of me. His eyes meet mine when I moan and then flash dangerously. "So Vera you like it rough do you? You like it when your ass is slapped." He says as he does it again and I can't help but moan a little louder this time. "Your nothing but a dirty little whore aren't you?" 

With that the argument in my head is over and I narrow my eyes at him and slowly bite my lower lip. "What if I am? What are you going to do about it?" He laughs a little at my taunt and pulls out a garage door opener from his back pocket and hits the button.

"Well we are going to see what I can do but I don't want to show off my cock tease to the whole neighborhood." I am breathing heavy now and my body is running with adrenaline. He reached out toward me and I can feel my pussy aching for him. He gets so close to me but doesn't touch me. He sets the garage door opener on the bench behind me and then steps back. My body is crawling out of its own skin dying for him to just touch me. I can tell he can sense this from me as he smiles and places his hands behind his back. "I want to know what do you want Vera? I have made it perfectly clear that I want you. Now what do you want?" 

He has issued a challenge that I am more than ready for. I smirk back at him as I step up to him. I place my hands on his shoulders and run them down his arms to the elbows then move into his sides bringing them to his stomach and back up his chest. I can feel his heart racing under his skin and how tense he is. It is taking a lot of will power for him not to touch me right now. I move in closer so my breasts are rubbing on his chest and I bring his head down to mine and softly kiss his lips. I kiss my way across his check to his neck gently biting and sucking. I take his earlobe into my mouth to suck on it. His breath hitches in his chest when I playfully bite it and then whisper in his ear, "I want you to fuck me on every surface of this garage but first I want to taste your cock." 

I push Draven up against the side of the car then kneel down in front of him. I don't break eye contact with him as I undo his belt and unzip his pants. I pull his pants and boxers down till his hard on springs forth like a jack in the box. His dick is ready for my mouth. He is just above average right around 7 inches and has a nice thickness to it. I feel my pussy let more of my juices flow out of me as I think about how good that dick is going to feel fucking me soon. I lift his dick up and start at the base of his cock and lick up the underside of it all the way to the tip. I do the same thing to each side of his dick taking special care not to touch the tip. His leg muscles are flexing and I can see he is clenching his jaw. He has incredible self control and that just turns me on even more. 

I give his balls a gentle squeeze and tug as I finally take the super sensitive tip of his dick into my mouth and suck hard. Draven gasps and holds on to the side of the car to keep himself standing as I slowly slide his dick further into my mouth till he is pushing against the back of my throat. I rub my tongue up and down the sides of his dick as I slowly pull him back out of my mouth till I have just the tip in and suck on it hard again. I pull some of his precum out of his dick and savor the flavor before swallowing it. "You taste so good Draven. I can't wait to have you fucking me with your cock." I tell him as I start to jerk him off with my hand.

"I can't either sexy but first that slut mouth of yours is going suck my cock." He then put his hand on the back of my head and gently guides my mouth back on to his cock and steadily pushes it all the way back into my throat again. The part of his dick I can't fit in my mouth I wrap my hand around and start to suck and jerk his dick. He keeps his hand on the back of my head to guide how deep and fast he wants me to go. He is respectful and doesn't force me down on to him. I get a nice pace going that he seems to like so I start to suck harder with my mouth to draw groans from him as he watches my head bob up and down on his cock. I use my other hand to rub up and down his thigh and occasionally play with his balls giving them soft tugs and squeezes. I feel him getting harder and his balls tightening up so I pull back letting his cock fall from my mouth and I stand up. "As much as I want to taste that load shoot down my throat I want you to fuck me even more."

I step back from him and slowly strip for him as he does the same for me. We drink in each other's bodies as the clothes come off. My thong is soaked and I can feel some of my juices running down my thighs. My nipples could cut glass they are so hard with excitement. He takes my hand and leads me to the front of the car. He closes the hood and then pushes me up against it while he takes me in another rough kiss. He digs his fingers into my hips pulling me closer as he grinds into me. I come back at him taking two handfuls of his hair pulling him deeper into our kiss. We suck, lick and bite each other's lips and tongues. We are both panting when we finally let go.

He grabs my hair again and pulls my head back giving him full access to my neck. He nips and bites his way down my neck and shoulder to my breast. He licks my nipple and then blows cold breath on it causing me to jump and moan. He then takes my nipple in his mouth and sucks hard. It is painful but at the same time is sending waves of pleasure through my whole body. He release me nipple and licks his way across to my other one and gives it the same treatment. I am panting when he finishes and start to kiss and suck his way down my stomach. He releases my hair and lifts me up onto the hood of the car and tells me to lean back. He then places one hand on each of my knees and forces my legs to open wide. He digs his nails into my skin as he runs them down my thighs toward my pussy. I am panting watching him. He keeps his eyes locked on mine when he leans in and pulls one then the other pussy lip into his mouth. 

He breaths in my scent and smiles. I smile back and bite my lower lip again watching him intently. He catches me off guard when he suddenly takes my clit into his mouth and sucks hard. "Oh my fucking God!" I scream out and lay back on the hood of the car. I don't know how I didn't cum right then. I manage to get back up on one elbow and run my other hand through his hair as he start to work his magic on my pussy. I have never been a huge fan of being ate out but apparently I haven't had it done right before because, Draven was making me feel things I never had before with his head between my legs. He rotated between fucking me with his tongue and sucking on my clit while licking and biting my lips. I am moaning loudly as he works holding his head steady with my one hand while my other played with my nipples. I can feel my orgasm building and I start to grind into his face. 

That is when he stops and stands up. I give him a glare as he leans into me laughing. His face is glistening with my pussy juices. I kiss him and savor my taste on his tongue; it is intoxicating. He pulls me to the edge of the hood and angles my hips into his. I dig my nails into his back and drag them up to his shoulders as I grind his hard on into my soaking wet pussy lips. He bites my lip and growls into my mouth. "We have no patience lover. Good things come to those that wait." 

"I am over waiting and I am ready to be fucked hard and fast. Make me cum all over your gorgeous cock Draven." We lock eyes briefly as he considers what I have asked of him. To reinforce how much I want him I lock my legs behind his back to ensure he can't step away from me. He shifts his stance and effortlessly lifts me up off of the car and I throw my arms around his neck to keep from falling backwards. He grabs my ass with both hands and lifts me a little higher. I think he is about to pull me off of him and I tighten my grip around his neck when I realize he is just lining himself up with my pussy. 

He slowly lowers me down till the tip of his dick is just inside of my pussy then he lowers me back onto the car hood. Hovering there for a moment with just the tip in he leans down to suck on my nipple again when he suddenly slams home. I cry out in pain and pleasure. My cunt was more than wet enough for him but the sheer force and power that he used to thrust into me I was not ready for and he didn't stop. Draven was like a machine pounding away at me. I had to hold onto him panting and moaning till I finally adjusted and was able to lean back on the hood again. 

He released my nipple and took hold of my hips to give himself better control. He dug his fingers hard into my flesh as he kept up the pace. I played with my nipples pulling on them and squeezing my breast as his cock fucked me closer and closer to my orgasm. My greedy little pussy was squeezing his cock with every thrust. "Aren't you a horny little whore? You cunt likes my dick doesn't it? You want to cum on my cock slut?" Moaning out his name I told him yes. "Beg for it tramp. Beg me to let you cum."

I looked at him with pleading eyes, "Please Draven. Please let your dirty little whore cum on your cock." He smiled at me and told me to cum for him. That I had to cum for him now and it was like a flood gate unleashed inside of me. Him demanding that I cum and his increased pounding on my pussy pushed me right over the edge and I had one of the best orgasms of my life. I screamed out his name as my body became alive with adrenaline and endorphins. 

"Oh fuck Vera your pussy is squeezing my dick so tight right now. I am going to cum." I could feel him trying to pull away and I immediately sat up and locked my arms around his neck again. 

"No! You cum in your slut. I want to feel you spray your seed all inside of me." With that and an encouraging kiss Draven exploded inside of me making my own orgasm renew itself and last even longer. When I fall back on the hood again Draven laid his head on my chest and we are both panting. I ran my fingers through his hair as we recovered. When his breathing was normal again he slowly sat up and back away from me. I winced a little when he pulled out of me even though he was soft again. "I am sorry Vera are you alright?"

I giggled a little and sat up on one elbow as I put my other hand between my legs and dipped a finger inside of me to gather a little of our combined fluids. I licked my finger clean and moaned. "God your cum taste so good. And trust me I am more than ok. That was incredible." Draven was blushing and smiling as we both got dressed. He hit the button to open the garage door as I walked over to him and tucked me thong into his back pocket. "Now that I have properly thanked you for your help with my car keep this as a souvenir you have more than earned it." I gave him one last kiss making sure to suck and bite his lower lip before walking back to my house. I didn't dare turn back around. I was embarrassed by my behavior but also feeling extremely satisfied. Who knew Draven could fuck like that. My shy cute neighbor would be wondering through my mind for a while that was for damn sure. 

I had just opened the door to my house and was thinking of what to tell my boss on why I was so late when someone suddenly slammed me into the wall just inside and the door and kicked the door shut. Something is placed over my eyes so I can't see and my hands are brought behind my back and tied together. "I am not finished with you yet slut."