 I had just opened the door to my house and was thinking of what to tell my boss on why I was so late when someone suddenly slammed me into the wall just inside the door and kicked it shut. Something is placed over my eyes so I can't see and my hands are brought behind my back and tied together. "I am not finished with you yet slut." At first I was caught off guard and frightened till Draven said that in my ear. The fright faded away and I was instantly horny again. 

Taking ahold of my arms Draven leads me down the hall to my bedroom. I have clothes thrown about the room from when I was trying to find the perfect outfit to seduce him with. Draven laughs, "You couldn't decide what to wear for me huh?" He pulls me against him leaning my head back on his shoulder. He nibbles on my ear and neck. "I definitely approve of what you did pick." I smile and start to say something when he grabs my throat and gently squeezes. "You will speak when I tell you too. Nod if you understand." I nod my head yes and Draven releases me; throwing me down on the bed.

I turn my head while laying on my stomach trying to listen to where he is in my room. I can hear him walking around and I pull on my restraints. He steps between my legs and uses his knees to push them apart. My ass is completely hanging out under the mini skirt but he lifts it up and reveals all of it. He gently caresses it and gives it a few squeezes. "I do love your ass. I have always wanted to squeeze it and do this." Suddenly he slaps my ass hard. I cry out in pain. He does it again to the other cheek; he then massages them. For several minutes Draven draws forth cries of pain and pleasure as he rotates between slapping my ass and then massaging it. Since I can't see him I never know when he will strike and that only adds to my excitement. When he is done my ass is red and hurting but my pussy is dripping wet. 

Draven takes two fingers and slides them into me feeling all around inside of me. Then he takes those fingers and brings them up to my mouth and tells me to lick them clean. I do as I am told and suck his fingers clean. He grinds his hard on into my ass as I lick my juices off of his fingers. "That is my good whore. I can smell myself on you and it is turning me on."

Draven pulls his fingers out of my mouth and steps back away from me. I am left wanting and exposed on the bed straining to hear what he will do next. I hear the tell tale sound of a zipper being undone and hear him stepping out of his pants. He comes back to me and rubs his dick up and down my crack and pussy. He grabs a pillow and has me lift up to place it under my hips. "This is now my cunt Vera. I own this" and he slams his glorious cock back into my pussy. 

I call out is name in a moan as he keeps is cock barrier balls deep in my pussy and grinds his hips around and around stretching me as his dick touch parts of my cunt I didn't know I needed or wanted touched. "Who's whore are you Vera?" I didn't answer him right away because, I wanted to see what he would do. He pulls out slowly and asks me again. "Vera who's whore are you?" 

When I didn't answer him again he slapped me hard on the ass and rammed his cock into me forcefully. He continued for several minutes to fuck me mercilessly ramming is cock in me and slapping my ass hard using my arms tied behind my back as leverage to keep the speed and force up. When he stopped with his cock buried deep in me I am sore and my ass is raw. Breathing heavy he asks me once again, "Who's whore are you?"

I had take my punishment from not answering him. And as much as I enjoyed it I didn't think I would be able to take that again so I whisper, " I am your whore Draven." 

"Mmmm. Yes that is right Vera your mine now." Draven starts to slowly move in and out of me being gentle as he runs his hands up and down my legs and back. It doesn't take me long to recover and I start pushing back on him. Draven pulls out of me and undoes my arms. He then has me roll onto my side and takes my arms and ties them above me to the headboard. He now has access to my boobies and he takes a nipple in his mouth sucking gentle as his thumb finds my clit teasing me. 

I enjoy his gentle and loving attention after my punishment for not answering him. My body is alive with sensations. My ass is on fire from being spanked and my clit is a tight bundle of nerves needing released. "Please Draven." I sigh to him. 

"Please what Vera?" He asks continued to tease my clit and gives my nipple a nibble. 

"Draven I need you. I need to feel you in me, touching me; making me cum. Make me yours."

"Oh I have already made you mine bitch. This is just to remind you that your owned." He stands and takes my leg and pushes my knee up to my chest and keeps my other leg straight and straddles it as he gets up on the bed with me. He leans down and lays kisses all along my shoulder and back as he reinserts his cock into me sending waves of pleasure through my body and slowly starts to fuck me again. He counties to play with my tits gently massaging them to keep them hard and sensitive. 

He draws sweet moans from me as he slowly starts to pick up the pace and really fuck me hard again. He leans over me to give me the follow length of his dick and shove it in as deep as I can take it. I am pulling on my restraints wanting to touch him. The sound of Draven's balls slamming into me each time he thrusts into me only adds to my need to cum. 

"Draven please make my cum. Please play with my clit. It hurts I need to cum so bad on your cock."

Leaning over me Draven whispers in my ear, "You cum when I say you cum. " and slaps my ass for extra emphasis. I groan in frustration pulling harder on my restraints. My body is in sensory overload. Since I can't see anything my other senses are working overtime and the image I am picturing in my head of Draven and I is just making me even wetter and needer. Draven scratches down my back and slaps my ass again as he continues to fuck me. Every time he makes contact with my skin it only sets off a new fire storm of sensations and desires through me. 

I beg him again to please let me cum. "Oh god Draven please let me cum. Make your dirty whore cum on your cock." He just keeps fucking be harder and squeezes my tits pinching them. I lay there whimpering and moaning riding that thin line between pleasure and pain. "I can't take anymore Draven. I am your slut and you own my body make me cum." 

I hear Draven laugh and then he finally touches my clit. Not forcefully but gently rubs around and around in small circles. That is all I needed and I have a screaming orgasm all over his dick. With every thrust I feel my juices leaking onto my leg and hear his dick making squishy noises from my wetness. 

Suddenly Draven undies my hands and takes my blind fold off. He pulls out of me and has me kneel on the floor in front of him. I wince and close my eyes from the sudden brightness after being kept in the dark for so long. Draven smacks his cock off my face and tells me to suck while I look at him. I take his dick in my hand and it is sticky from my cum. He puts his hand on the back of my head and takes a big handful of my hair and shoves his cock into my mouth. 

I start sucking hard cleaning all of me off of him. Draven thrusts his hips and fucks my mouth. I sense he is closed so I make a vacuum of my mouth sucking hard as he thrusts in and out. I tug on his balls and grab is ass with my other hand squeezing it. He is groaning watching as his cock move in and out of my mouth. "Yes my little cock sucker take it. Take all of my cock." He thrusts harder and I start to gag a little as he goes further down my throat. "Yes, yes baby that is it god I am going to cum" I can feel the cum moving fast up his shaft and I suddenly insert my finger in his ass finding his prostrate and milk it.

Draven has to hold on to the bed to keep from falling over which only shoves his dick further into my throat. He is crying out in pure ecstasy as his cock pumps his cum into my throat. It is more than I can swallow and it starts to leak out of my mouth and down my chin. When he finally start to go limp I pull his cock out of my mouth and my finger out of his ass. He drops to the floor in front of me breathing heavy and smiling. I lick my lips clean and use his shirt I find on the floor to clean my face off.

I rub my wrists as I lean back against the bed exhausted but satisfied. I have red marks on my wrists from pulling on my restraints so hard. Draven leans forward and kisses me passionately. Tasting his cum and tongue in my mouth makes me moan. We are both smiling and breathing heavy when he finally lets me go. He leans his forehead on mine running his fingers through my hair. " You are absolutely incredible and so gorgeous." 

I blush and feel my face and chest flush. "You aren't too bad yourself mister." Draven stands up and then helps me to my feet. I am a little shaky still so he tells me to sit down. He heads down the hall into the bathroom and I hear water running. When he comes back he has my lotion and several wet washer rag. I can tell he has cleaned himself up as well. He instructs me to lay back on the bed. I do as he asks as he crawls up on the bed between my legs and spreads my legs. He starts at my feet and slowly starts to wipe me down taking extra special care of my pussy. Once both legs are clean he then take the lotion and massages my feet and legs. 

I lay there feeling more and more relaxed as he works. He then has me sit up and he repeats this process with a new wet rag to my arms and chest. Finally he has me roll over and he does my back and ass. Draven takes special care of my ass because, it is extremely sore and red. "I think you will have trouble sitting for a week on this fine ass of yours baby." Draven tells me as he massages my ass with lotion. 

"That is alright my whole body will be sore for a least a week. And I am perfectly fine with that. Every time a muscle protests when I move or stretch it will just remind me again that I am yours." Draven looks at me and I can see that fire deep in his eyes burning again. 

He has me lay down on my side and he puts the rags and lotions on the bed side table. He then takes me in his arms spooning me. He lays gentle kisses and soft bites along my neck and shoulder as his hand run up and down my arm and thigh then up my stomach and chest barely touching my nipples because, they too are sore and on fire. 

With in minutes I am completely relaxed and putty in his arms. That is when he whispers in my ear as he grabs my throat so I have to turn my head to look at him, "Don't forget who you belong too now Vera. I own all of you. I can do what I want to you when I want. But once I have had my fill and satisfied my desire I will take care of you and make sure your loved and adored." Draven release my throat and kisses me again. "Do you agree to these terms?" 

I stare at him for a moment thinking this over. What we did was incredible and pushed me to new limits but I also never felt more alive and sexy as I did right now. How long would this last I didn't know but I was going to ride this wave for however long it did. "Yes sir." Draven told me I was a good girl and then we fell asleep with him holding me close and his twitching cock tucked between my ass cheeks.