 A nice sunny early fall afternoon, the husband and I are running around, getting some errands and chores off the list and trying to enjoy every last moment until the season turns and sunny, warm days are a memory for a good 7 months. I'd rather procrastinate, and put off the "to do" list and go wile away the last little bits of summer, but the husband is being all business so far today. So it's off to get some supplies so we can finish up our around the house chores before the leaves fall.

I'm in a blue tank top, showing off my cleavage while I still can, and a pair of blue shorts, hair up in a ponytail, kind of grimy from working in the yard and garage. My man is in his typical Saturday attire, jeans and t-shirt, a little grimy too (just how I like him). 

Walking around the home store, the husband keeps taking every opportunity to squeeze my ass. I look down the aisle and smack his hand. "Behave, for fuck's sake!"

"Why would I do that?" he says, pulling my tank top down a couple inches with his finger.

Smack! on the hand again. "Jesus, you know, we live close and come here a lot, let's try to not get kicked out for lewd behavior!"

"You love it..." He says, smacking my ass and throwing the bag of mulch over his shoulder as we head for the register. We get to the SUV after paying and he throws the bag of mulch in the back and grabs a towel we keep in the back and tosses it over into the back seat. Not sure what that was all about, I think and start to walk around the side of the car. He follows me around my side, presses me against our car and kisses me while copping a huge feel of tit. His tongue in my mouth gets me flowing and I return his kiss, pushing my tongue into his and forcing mine into his mouth. I eventually push him away. 

"You fucking horn dog!" I say, squeezing his hard bulge as I turn away and open my door. He chuckles and walks back to his side.

We get in the car and head towards the house. A few blocks away he slows and pulls into a convenience store parking lot.

"What are we doing here?" I ask.

He pulls to side of the store. "Thought we'd wash the car real fast." He says as we approach the card reader at the drive thru wash.

"Hmm, ok" I say.

He pulls up and stops at the reader, getting out his wallet. He sets his card on the dash and reaches to back seat.

"What are you doing?" I ask.

He turns back around and has that towel in his hand. "Take off your shorts and sit on this"

"What?!?"

He grins "Just fucking do it..."

I am excited. His groping and kissing at the store, despite my hand smacks, has me wet and I was thinking we'd head home, close the garage door and fuck against the cars. It seems he doesn't want to wait that long.

He leans out his window and swipes the card and pushes buttons, choosing the most expensive and therefore the longest choice of washes available. I shuck my shorts and my thong and sit my naked ass on the towel.

He pulls forward into the car wash and as soon as the water starts and the door begins to close behind us, he has his hands on me.

Leaning over to my side, he has one hand on my neck, pulling me into him and kissing me while the other heads straight to my fuzzy patch of trimmed pubes. He runs his fingers through them and slips a finger into me. I edge my ass forward and spread my legs, giving him better access. His desire and urgency have me wet and ready and the sound of the car wash beginning to pound water against the car is making it even more thrilling.

He bites my lip gently and slips a 2nd finger into me. He is fingering me with a teenager's haste, working on me with a purpose. The situation and environment fit his actions and I am panting and I feel my nipples ache with hardness. The rotating wheels with the rubber flaps slap against the car and rock the SUV as I squeeze my husband's flexing bicep as he works his fingers in and out of me.

He pulls his tongue from my mouth but continues to finger me, working his fingers in and out fully, flicking his thumb across my clit then plunging into me and curling his fingers up to my g spot. 

He talks to me as he fingers me. "Come for me baby, come on...fuck you are so wet...you hear that, hear how wet you are? Fuck your pussy is so hot...goddamn...love how that pussy grips my fingers...come on...you know you want to come...scream for me Margie...scream so loud the next car hears you over the carwash...come onnnn..."

I am in full blown panting, heavy breathing, feeling my orgasm build. I edge ever closer to coming, my hand on his arm, caressing his forearm muscles as they flex tight with his pumping. Fuck, oh fuck, I am close...

He senses how near I am to coming and he plunges deep into me, palm against my clit and curls his fingers up and pulls them in towards him, pressing against the inside of my pubic bone. 

"FUCKKKKKK" I groan and grunt and scream as the spot free rinse sprays the car down. My orgasm subsides and my husband pulls his fingers from my pulsing lips slowly. He lingers with his fingertips along my labia for a moment before pulling them to his lips and licking them as the exit door opens and the giant dryers fire up. 

I am slouched down in the passenger seat, legs still spread, a quivering mess as he pulls the SUV out slowly, letting the forced air push the water back off the windows. I look up at him and he is smiling a huge ear to fucking ear grin. 

"Goddamn, that was good!" I say.

"Glad you liked it" he says "Just so you know, I'm thinking I want to fuck your ass on the hood of the Sedan in the garage then cum on your tits when we get home, so you can probably skip putting those shorts back on for now. Just so you know..."

I smile at the twinge his words send through me, from my clit to my brain.

Saturday chores aren't so bad after all...