 Aliana...

"Ohhhhhh, yes, ohhhhhhh!" I screamed rather loudly.

I ignored the steering wheel in my lower back and ring of the coffee cup holder pressing into my patella and rode my husband faster. We didn't have much time. While repeating over and over in my head – "Concentrate on the moment." Live right this second in the spontaneity and forget the several uncomfortable obstacles.

"Mmmrph." My husband grunted beneath me.

Throwing my head back, feeling his cock gliding in and out of me as I ground my hips on his lap. Watching the water and soap sloshing against the sunroof, realizing my hips moved with the sound of the water. Concentrating on the moment; concentrating on my Matt.

Matt.....

As I was thrusting into my wife, thinking she was as wet as the outside of the car. I realized I was in shock and mildly frozen in position. Was I really here? Was she really riding my cock in the carwash?

Running my hands up her thighs and squeezing her upper thighs, my thumbs grazing her slippery outer lips as her inner lips tightened on my cock with every thrust. Speeding up with the timing of my thrusts, watching my wife's flushed face, her jean shirt unbuttoned and her breasts pulled free of her bra. 

"Ali – oh you are.....ahhhhh" My ass slapped the blue leather seat, the buckle of my belt bit into my leg when I landed back in the bucket.

Two thoughts simultaneously: I hadn't had sex in a car in a really, really long time. Definitely not since Aliana and I had gotten hitched.  Car sex is definitely good.

Second, would this really be an inappropriate time to fantasize about say the Swedish bikini team or say the college coeds washing my car naked while I fucked my wife in the front seat?

Following my wife's gaze out the sunroof, the soap swirling around and around as the jets on either side of the car sprayed the bubbles. Seriously trying to concentrate on our moment, I impaled my wife deeper and deeper while I swore I saw naked tits being soaped along with my car.

++++++++++++++++++++

Our days are hectic and we fall into bed exhausted at night. Work and kids and the house and our parents – our time is short and we are spread thin. We attempt to make time for us – but it is difficult.

So, one Saturday afternoon, while running errands, after we had dropped our two sons off at their respective friends houses, my husband decided to get the car washed. It had snowed several inches this past week and the cars were coated with a layer of salt and muck. 

I glanced at my watch. Slightly past 2:12pm, plenty of time to hit the drycleaners, the beer distributor and the grocery store before we had to retrieve our children at 6pm. "Sure hon, we have time." 

Matt pulled the car into the line for the car wash, we were like 10th in line. "Damn! Everyone and their brother decided to wash their car today!" He said as he gently slapped the dash.

I laughed out loud at the sour-puss expression on his face. He was such an easy going guy. Easy going with almost every aspect of his life and this mild outburst was uncharacteristic for him. 

"What are you laughing at?" He said as he turned and glanced at me over the rim of his sunglasses.

Before I could answer he had leaned forward and kissed me. When was the last time we had kissed like that? His lips pressed against mine again.

Unhooking my seat belt, I leaned into him, kissing him back, and feeling like I hadn't kissed him in a long time. Feeling hungry, hungry to be kissed.

"Hmmmmmm. I like that Mr. Matt." Smiling as I playfully unzipped his coat.

A horn blared behind us and made me jump in my seat.

Matt pulled forward and unzipped my coat back. Giggling, trying to pull away from him as he unbuttoned the top button on my shirt.

"Aliana." He said as he cupped my face and went in for another kiss.

Kissing him, parting my lips slightly. "Pull up before we get beeped at again."

He pulled next to the automated machine to pay and select our wash. He faced the machine as he said, "Want to see if we can do it in the car wash?"

"What? Seriously?" The idea was titillating to the part of me that really didn't come out too much anymore. The mother/responsible part of me said this wasn't a good idea. The tingling in my jeans was telling me differently.



Matt.......

Please say yes.  Please say yes. Please say yes.

She won't say yes. She won't say yes. She won't say yes.

After selecting the wash I wanted for the car, paying the bill, I was scared to turn and face her. What if she was scowling, with her arms crossed looking out the other window. She hadn't answered. What was the last thing she said? Seriously – that was it. What was the inflection in her voice? Still playful or was she hating on me now.  Taking a deep breath, I turned to look at my wife.

Aliana....

Watching him turn I processed the entire situation. Exactly how much time did we have from when the little man at the front of the wash waved us into the track and pointed to the sign. Was it foot off the gas, put it in neutral, don't touch the steering wheel? Maybe the steering wheel thing was first?

Concentrate on the moment.

How many minutes would we have? Did it really matter? I was doing this – I know I still could make my husband go from standing still to 150 mph in less than 5 minutes. I had better get his engine running.

Matt......

Matt turned his head as his wife leaned over the console between the bucket seats and kissed him. A hot, open mouth, ram your tongue down my throat kiss. And I kissed her back.

"Yes. My crazy answer is yes. Now, right now fuck me in the car wash Matt." Her hands were pulling my belt and unsnapping my pants.

I glanced around suddenly feeling a little off balance.

My wife had just agreed to have sex in the car wash. My wife. The mother of my children – car pool – PTO treasurer – choir attendee woman whom was married to me.

Realizing not a single person was paying any attention to the moment that was happening in my car I boldly unbuttoned the rest of my wife's buttons on her shirt. Pulling the tops of her bra down and palming her nipples as I kissed her like my life depended on it.

We were interrupted by the automated woman's voice urging us to pull forward as it was almost our turn to proceed through the car wash.

As soon as I pulled up behind the next car I turned and kissed my wife again.

Aliana.......

I wanted to be in that car wash now. I felt like I had when we were first dating. The ever present excitedness of sex in a new place, a new situation. The on edge, sexiness, tingling all over. I pulled Matt's zipper down, feeling his cock already hard through the rough fabric of his jeans. I was kneeling on the seat, leaning into him. My other hand pulling his shirt free of where it was tucked into his jeans. My mouth hot on his, my tongue seeking its dancing partner. 

His touch made me jump as he slid his hands under my skirt and peeled my panties down my legs, tossing them onto the floor mat of the car.

"Matt, your up. I mean – we up. It's our turn." I stammered.

Matt........

I fumbled with the gear shift and the car lurched forward. The little man waved us forward and moved slightly further away from the path of our car.

We felt the car lock in the track as the little man moved on to the next car.

As soon as the water began to hit the sides of the car she was on me. Her hands pulling my jeans and boxers down to my knees. Her mouth devouring mine. I lowered my seat as she hitched her skirt up to her thighs. I briefly glimpsed her black, curled pubic hair as she deftly maneuvered over the console and was straddling me. My cock wedged in her slit as she pressed me back into the seat.

I raised my hands to her breasts. Feeling their weight in the palms of my hands. The car jerked slightly as it was pulled further into the tunnel of love.

Aliana.....

Straddling him I couldn't wait to settle down onto his cock. Feeling his erectness throbbing against my clit, his hands on my breasts. Kissing him over and over. I raised up and guided his cock to my warm and very aroused hot spot. 

"Oh goodness. Matt." I muttered as I fully took all of him inside me in one slide.

"Ohhhh, Ali, yes, yes!" Matt muttered back.

Here is where our car wash story started................

"Ohhhhhh, yes, ohhhhhhh!" I screamed rather loudly.

I ignored the steering wheel in my lower back and ring of the coffee cup holder pressing into my patella and rode my husband faster. We didn't have much time. While repeating over and over in my head – "Concentrate on the moment." Live right this second in the spontaneity and forget the several uncomfortable obstacles.

"Mmmrph." My husband grunted beneath me.

Throwing my head back, feeling his cock gliding in and out of me as I ground my hips on his lap. Watching the water and soap sloshing against the sunroof, realizing my hips moved with the sound of the water. Concentrating on the moment; concentrating on my Matt.

Matt.....

As I was thrusting into my wife, thinking she was as wet as the outside of the car. I realized I was in shock and mildly frozen in position. Was I really here? Was she really riding my cock in the carwash?

Running my hands up her thighs and squeezing her upper thighs, my thumbs grazing her slippery outer lips as her inner lips tightened on my cock with every thrust. Speeding up with the timing of my thrusts, watching my wife's flushed face, her jean shirt unbuttoned and her breasts pulled free of her bra. 

"Ali – oh you are.....ahhhhh" My ass slapped the blue leather seat, the buckle of my belt bit into my leg when I landed back in the bucket.

Two thoughts simultaneously: I hadn't had sex in a car in a really, really long time. Definitely not since Aliana and I had gotten hitched.  Car sex is definitely good.

Second, would this really be an inappropriate time to fantasize about say the Swedish bikini team or say the college coeds washing my car naked while I fucked my wife in the front seat?

Following my wife's gaze out the sunroof, the soap swirling around and around as the jets on either side of the car sprayed the bubbles. Seriously trying to concentrate on our moment, I impaled my wife deeper and deeper while I swore I saw naked tits being soaped along with my car.

"Ahhh, ahhhh, Matt. Faster, fuck me faster!" I yelled.

"Ohhh, ohhhh, ohhhh. Here it comes Ali, now." Matt yelled over my moans and the washing noises outside.

I fucked my wife harder. My knees hitting the dashboard and I bounced the top of her head into the roof as we both came with in seconds of each other.

The light turned green, signaling us to put our car in drive as Aliana flipped off me and into her seat, buttoning her shirt.

I put the car in drive and a tugged my jeans back up my legs.

"Ali, I think we are skipping the free vacuum today!" I laughed as we pulled, dripping, out of the car wash.





************************

Thanks for the editing!! Thanks to my readers for the votes!!