 Cara and I were both eighteen, but she still lived with her parents. We'd been dating since the last week of high school, and it wasn't until I pledged a fraternity in the fall and finally got my own room that we had any place to go for sex except back alleys near the school or the other side of the mountains from the city. That's when things started to change for us.

In my room Cara had become a lot more vocal than she was when we were fogging up the car windows on some back road. The first few nights we spent together were about the same thing as the lovemaking we had in her Honda Civic, just a lot more comfortable, and she moaned more. But it was on the night of our seventh month "anniversary" that she sprung a few of the surprises she had in store for me.

We had dinner at a nice restaurant, actually the same one we'd gone to before senior prom, and headed back to the chapter house. She went into my room before me and closed the door. I waited in the hall, enduring the knowing winks of my fraternity brothers as they happened past me. She knocked on the inside of the door and I went in.

The lights were off, but she had put maybe two dozen tea lights along my dresser, the window sill, my minifridge, just about every level surface in the room except the floor. She was wearing lingerie; a green silk top with spaghetti straps and matching silk boxers underneath.

I complimented her on how sexy she looked, but I had to repeat myself as Brad next door turned on his stereo loud enough to wake the dead. Parts of the room rattled. We laughed, and I came up to her.

"What would you like me to do, sir?" she asked me. The question threw me a little off kilter, and she came up to me and started to undo my shirt buttons. Cara was relatively tall, only about two inches shorter than I was, but with a very thin build. In school, she had been the cheerleader they tossed in the air. She had short curly hair and brown eyes, and she held my gaze as she undid the buttons. 

Cara kissed me, and then kissed my chest and down along the path of the buttons she was undoing; all the time with her eyes open and fixed on mine. She used one hand to remove my belt while her other arm traced behind me and began rubbing the back of my thigh. With the belt removed, she brought both hands back to lower the zipper and pull my cock out of my boxers. She took it in her mouth, keeping her eyes perpetually linked with mine. It was very good.

She took her hands away from my cock and found my hands. Our fingers interlaced and she pulled my hands toward her head, finally placing them on her head. I ran my fingers through her hair, careful not to put any pressure on her as her mouth and tongue worked on me. Her hand briefly went back to my cock, but apparently I was not getting the hint and they came back to her head to direct me. She placed her hands over mine and began shoving her own head onto my cock. She lowered her eyes as she did this, and we kept going. I felt my heart begin to race. She was kneeling in front of me, her knees between my feet, her hands on holding my hands on top of her head. She looked like a suspect during a felony traffic stop in that position, kneeling with her hand on her head, and she began forcing her head and mouth harder onto my cock when I warned her I was getting close.

Normally, I would warn her and she would either let me cum on her chest or more commonly into a kleenex. But tonight she pushed down on my hands as I came and emptied into her mouth. She let go of my hands and I pulled slowly out, trying to catch my breath. Her eyes met mine again, and she smiled. Then she opened her mouth and tilted back her head to show the puddle of semen she had cupped on her tongue. She closed her mouth after ten seconds or so and swallowed noticeably.

"Wow," I said. "Let me repay the favor."

"Anything you want, sir." she replied. I undressed and took her to the bed. Kissing her neck and massaging her small breasts through her silk blouse, I moved a hand up through along her leg, stroking up and down her thigh until she spread her legs and began thrusting herself at my hand in frustration. I moved the very loose bottom of the silk boxers aside and began fingering her. Her slit was wet and the lips already thick and apart. She came quickly, in a wave that soaked the bottom of the boxers.

"Shit," she said, pausing to take the boxers off. "I wanted to get them off before I came. I hope they aren't ruined."

"Should we soak them in something?" I asked.

"No, forget it."

The boxers were off, and I began stroking her gently but not fingering inside her. She usually needed a minute or two to recover from a big orgasm.

"You don't need to wait, sir." she told me.

Finally I had to ask. "What's with calling me 'sir' sweety?"

Despite the candlelight, I could still see her blush. She tucked her head up against my chest so that I could not look at her. After a pause she said, "I don't know...I just want-"

I waited a moment more for her to finish her sentence, then said, "What? What do you want, Cara?"

"I want you to be aggressive, you know? A little bit more...in control," she said.

"Oh," I said. Now, when I'd slept with her during our first date, she'd told me that she was surprised how aggressive I was, and since then I'd been at pains to be sweet and loving, because I really liked this girl. But I guess that was then and this is now. Cara wants me more in control. "Okay, I can do that."

"Like when I go down on you," she volunteered. "I find it really hot when you hold my head. Steve, my first boyfriend, used to actually pin me against the wall, so that every thrust almost knocked the back of my head into the wall unless I submitted, and he pinned my hands above my head while he did it. I could almost cum just from that."

I didn't give a fuck for how her ex-boyfriend Steve used to do it, I thought. But instead I replied, "But I thought Steve was a fucking asshole. A 'fucking needle-dick cock-sucking asshole' I believe was your exact phrase to describe him."

"Well, he was. He was a real jerk. But you aren't a jerk, as a person. I've told you before that I always had my eye on you from the tenth grade, out on defense yelling out formations and telling people what to do. I used to think about you when I was with him. It turned me on, and now I'm comfortable enough with you, in love with you, and I want this kind of thing with you."

I thought that over and decided to try it. "Okay, up against the fucking wall," I said in as serious a voice as I could muster.

"Again so soon?" she laughed, but she went over to the wall and knelt down with her back to it. I went to her, hard again from the talk and the dark thrill it was giving me, but I'd be damned if I was going to take something out of old Steve's playbook. 

I stood in front of her and she put her hands over her head so that I could pin them. I caught her by the wrists and pulled her up until she was standing, giving me a quizzical look. I pressed her body to the wall with mine as I kissed her neck, but as we did this I pulled her arms down until I had them pinned against her sides. Then I knelt down, still holding her wrists. Her silk top only reached down to the beginning of her pubic hair, and I moved my face close, kissing the soft skin on either side of the hair. Struck by a sudden idea, I put my tongue out and probed between her legs. Her legs were still together, and she couldn't spread them very well with my hands holding her wrists in place on either side. She tried to lower herself a bit to give me better access, but I leaned forward to keep her in place. I wanted to try something a bit different. 

With her legs together, my tongue pushed on top of the labia and along the clit, but no deeper. Her hair was rough on the top of my tongue, and I could feel smooth skin to either side of it. I kept it up. As I held her wrists, I could feel the tendons moving underneath the skin as she balled her hands into fists and then relaxed again and again. She came with a shriek and I released her. She lowered herself a few inches, spreading her legs, and giving me room for some more traditional oral sex. I moved in again, but only for a few moments.

"God, that was hot," she breathed as I licked her. "I want your cock. Sir, I want you cock." Being keenly attuned to the needs of my lover, I took these whispers to indicate that we should move on. I'm quick like that.

I backed up a few inches and thought about throwing her over my shoulder to carry her to the bed. That would be pretty aggressive, I thought, but I was so turned on by pressing her against the wall that I didn't want to move just yet.

I released her wrists and ran my hands down the outside of her legs to her ankles. Her hands stayed where I had left them. I grabbed her ankles and urged her legs a bit further apart, and then I could see moisture glistening in her pubic hair. Her cum was running down her legs as well.

"I am so wet," she said.

"I know," I told her truthfully. I ran my hands up the inside of her legs, rubbing the fluid into her skin. I then reached up to her waist and pulled her down toward my lap as I knelt in front of her. She came down, straddling me and pushing her pussy forward until it touched my chest and slid down my stomach as she moved. With only a little shift or two she settled right on the head of my cock and slid down onto me. Sitting in my lap, she unbent her knees and moved a little to stretch out her legs behind me. We pushed into each other for about a minute, but I could tell she wanted it harder.

"Fuck me harder, sir.... Fuck me so hard," she whispered right into my ear.

I moved my arms, which had been embracing her around her back, down and hooked them under her legs. Keeping inside her, I caught her legs up in the crook of my arms and awkwardly rose to one knee. When I stood up, I lost my balance a little and we almost fell forward. We slammed into the wall together.

Here again, I'd meant to carry her to the bed, but when I accidentally sandwiched her into the wall she came again. My knuckles were hurting hitting the wall as well, and I felt like I was missing some skin there. I was about to ask if she was okay when she shuddered and came again. Later, whenever we talked about that night, I learned that she no clue I'd almost dropped her. She thought I'd slammed us into the wall on purpose.

I began thrusting into her, leaning against her. She was very limber and she used her legs against my arms for leverage to bounce on my cock and meet my thrusts. She moaned louder and louder.

"Ow, god yes, oww!" she yelled and I stopped cold.

"Jesus, Cara, did I hurt you?" I asked.

"Don't fucking stop! Don't fucking stop you asshole!" she yelled at me, moving herself on me as she did. 

I started thrusting again, albeit with less authority than before until she started to urge me on again.

"I'm sorry for saying that, but don't stop. It feels so good. Fuck me as hard as you can."

I began to build up speed and we entered a great rhythm. She bit my shoulder and screamed through her teeth as she had an orgasm hard enough to send her cum sprinkling down my legs. I kept going, thrusting right through her orgasm and into another.

"You fuck like a god!" she screamed once, then over and over again as we began to come slightly off the wall and slam back into it with every thrust. Cara stopped moving and finished with an inarticulate wail that trailed slowly off.

I stopped because I thought I might be hurting her again. "Are you okay?" I asked her. It was dead quiet as she nodded and her mouth moved, but she didn't say anything. Her face was flushed, and from the outside corner of each eye there was a small tear trail running down her cheek.

We held there a minute, and I now that I was still inside her I could feel a quivering of the muscles and walls inside her pussy. The sensation was intense in a way that no deep lunge could ever be, and as her quivering continued I came without moving. She felt me cum, and she embraced me tightly as one last orgasm took her; one that was unheralded by any flood of cum and she made no sound other than a sigh.

I let her legs down one at a time and we stood there, my legs still a bit apart so that I could stay inside her as I subsided. With a jolt, I noticed that sometime during the course of human events that evening that Brad had turned off his stereo in the next room. A muted sound of clapping came from the hall outside. 

I pulled out of her and we both moved back from the wall. The clapping stopped, and I heard a girl's voice outside yell "You go, boy!" There was some laughter and I could hear several people at least moving away. Brad's stereo came back on.

We went to bed and she spent the night, her mother knowing where she was and her father told that she was spending the night at a friend's house. In the morning, I woke up to her laugh and the soft skin of her ass rubbing against me as she backed into my morning erection. 

"What's so funny?" I asked. 

"Look at your wall," she replied. I reached for my glasses and saw that we had caved the drywall where we'd been; a huge dent that we hadn't seen in the dim candlelight. 

"Are you bruised?" I asked her.

"No, but I've got plaster dust all over my shoulders and there's some on your sheets now, I'm afraid."

We laughed and talked a bit about the night before, then headed over the Frontier restaurant to get some breakfast. After that night, although our dating relationship continued to be holding hands and getting ice cream after the movies, our lovemaking got more hardcore as she trained me. Topping from the bottom, she called it, as she led me into a lot of dark areas in our hearts. And my shy Cara developed a completely new fetish for having people hear us fuck, but those are other stories. Suffice it to say that I learned to play at dominance without having to be clued in all the time, and I became rather expert with spackle and drywall repair.