 The store was finally were closed and all my employees were now gone for the day. The last person out always locks the front door to my gift shop and so I assumed today was no different. I was confident I was alone. It had been a long, frustrating day and I was now looking for a change of pace and some relaxing "entertainment" to help me unwind. I went to the back room where my desk is located, lowered the lights, turned on the computer with plans to visit the CompuServe adult chat room. I was hoping to "connect" with some lovely, expressive, hopefully horny female, thinking maybe she and I could have some fun and relieve some tension with a period of graphic exchanges. "Cyber Sex" as it's become known as. 

As I logged on I was already getting excited at the thought of what possibilities lay ahead. Having had success with "cyber dates" in the past, I felt confident that I would have little trouble achieving my goal.

I entered the adult chat forum and checked to see who was there. I didn't see any of my past chatting partners present, so I watched the tracking line to see who was coming in, hoping to pick up someone before they got started in a conversation with another horny dude. In a moment or two I saw that a "Tracy" entered the so-called "Lobby". Having fond memories of a real Tracy in my distant past, I decided I would give her a try. I checked her profile to see if there was anything I could use as an opening, and sure enough, she indicated in her "Interests" that she likes to travel. I typed quickly, asking her where she liked to travel to. Quickly she responded with a simple, "Anywhere." I wondered if there was a double meaning in that, but decided I would be polite and continue with more casual exchanges.

After a brief dialog of general information, I asked her what she wanted to talk about. She told me whatever I wanted. She was now kind of boring me with her short, one word answers. So I thought I'd see what she's thinking by asking a more specific question. 

"What are you wearing?" I typed.

"A tank top and shorts." came the reply. "Should I take anything off for you?" it continued. 

"Whoa!" I thought. Things were quickly looking good, so I told "Tracy" that my jeans seemed to be getting a little tight. 

"Big bulge?" she asked. 

"BIG Bulge!" I responded. 

"Cool" was her come back.

I decided that now was a good time to release my increasingly optimistic dick from its restrictive confinement. As horny as I was, I couldn't wait. I opened my pants and pulled my semi-erect organ from my shorts allowing it unrestrained growth potential. As Tracy began describing the removal of her tee-shirt and the fondling of her tits, I stroked my cock to its full glorious capacity.

Suddenly, I sensed with a chill that I was not alone as I had thought. I turned around to see a very attractive blonde, about 25 years old, 5'7", 125 Lbs, wearing short cutoffs and a tight tank top. I had no idea how long she had been there.

I jumped up and pulled my pants closed as fast as I could, but I knew that from where she stood she had to have seen what I was doing. In fact, with the coy smile on her face, the thought occurred to me that she might very well have been enjoying it. But I was so startled and embarrassed that I could hardly consider the idea for very long. I could feel my face turning bright red as I apologized for what she saw. She apologized as well, explaining that although she knew that the store was closed, the door had been found to be unlocked, so she came in to see if someone was still here. 

She kept glancing at my groin area, but whatever might have impressed her a moment ago had quickly returned to a normal state. Feeling like a complete idiot, I again apologized, as I now began to notice that this girl was quite gorgeous. Her braless natural breasts were firm and round and hardly contained by the skimpy tank top. Her long, slender, shapely, smooth and slightly muscular legs led to the cutest, firmest ass I think I ever saw. Her medium length blonde hair was full of body and just slightly curly. She had a beautiful smile and was very cute. 

"How could I be so stupid?" I was thinking as I thanked her for her concern about the door. Under normal circumstances I would have been thrilled to have this woman in my store and would have loved to charm her with some friendly conversation, but as it was, I couldn't wait to show her the door and hope she could keep silent about what she had just seen.

As I moved toward the door leading from the office to the showroom, I expected her to follow, but instead she grabbed hold of my arm and said, "You know, I might be able to help you with your problem." And again the coy smile and a wink. 

I couldn't think of what to say, but the confused and dumbfounded look on my face must have given her a green light to continue. She turned me around and pushed me backwards to my desk. 

"Let's see if we can do something to make that little fellow feel better" she said, as she began to unbutton my shirt. She had me lean my ass against the front of my desk and she pulled open my shirt and she ran her hands from my shoulders down to my waste feeling my chest and my mid section. Needless to say, the little fellow she was concerned about was quickly returning to the size and shape she had become familiar with just moments before.

She pulled my office chair over in front of me and sat down toward me while she unbuttoned my jeans. "What the hell is going on here?" I was thinking having never experienced anything even remotely similar. I wasn't going to argue, but I really had a hard time believing that what was happening was real.

She loosened my pants and let them drop to my ankles. She then pulled the waist band of my shorts out so she could get them down past my seven plus inches of fully inflated glory. She then untied and removed my shoes and had me step out of both my jeans and my underpants and I stood in front of this gorgeous stranger with nothing but my open sport shirt and my socks.

She didn't look up at me after tossing my clothes aside. She just gently took hold of my now throbbing cock and stroked it lightly, rubbing my balls as well with her perfectly manicured fingernails. Then she moved closer to me and looked at my cock as if it was her most favorite possession. As she continued to stroke it gently, it was all I could do not to ejaculate right away. I was so turned on. But I also was intrigued at how captivated she appeared to be with my dick and how much she was enjoying what she was doing. I sure didn't want this to end quickly because I didn't want to miss out on all she had in mind. I started to think about other unrelated things hoping the urge to come would subside enough that I could enjoy this a little longer.

After what seemed like an eternity of her loving and skillful caressing, she was ready for her next step. She moved her mouth to the head of my cock and began to lick the underside. She teased me with her tongue and then began to suck on the tip--careful not to take too much too soon. Little by little she worked her way down the underside of my shaft with her tongue. She lifted it up high enough to make for easier access to my scrotum. She held my cock with her right hand as she cradled my balls in her left. She started licking my balls and then up the right side toward the end of my cock. She completely sucked in my right testicle and rolled it around with her tongue while it was in her mouth. Then, as carefully as a well trained technician, she switched her grip and repeated everything on the other side. Finally she began to take my cock in her mouth, stroking the base with her hand and sucking on more and more with each thrust inward. She'd suck hard until she sensed I could stand it no longer. She seemed to know just how far she could go before I would lose it. Then she would rub the tip of my cock gently on her lips and teeth and into the side of her cheek. She wanted my cock in every corner of her mouth. Gradually she took in more and more until, with each entry, she was taking the whole of what I could offer.

I let her suck and stroke my dick for at least ten minutes until I could stand it no more. I finally reached down and stroked her hair and the back of her head while she worked so passionately. She must have understood my signal because she took my aching, twitching cock out of her mouth and said to me, "okay baby, soak me with every drop you can give." As she held my cock in her hand she began to tighten her grip. The feeling was now that a vise was closing in around it. Oh god, it felt good. She moved her other hand down to my balls and began to squeeze them although, thankfully, not as tight. She continued to know exactly to what extremes I could tolerate. I wondered in that moment where she would have learned such skills. Occasionally, as she stroked, she spit out some saliva to use as lubricant.

I looked down at this incredibly beautiful goddess of sex holding my organ as if in anxious anticipation of a long desired prize. Could it be that Aphrodite herself had come down from heaven to service my needs? I could take it no longer. My whole body began to quiver and my knees got weak as I felt the orgasm in my loins building to an explosion of uncontrolled spasm. The hot cum spurted out at first and "Aphrodite" caught the first drops on her tongue. With the next impulse more of my juice shot out in a spray that coated her cheek and even more shot on to her nose and into her mouth. One more spasm and a final spray hit her chin and dripped to her shirt. She seemed to cherish every drop as she squeezed to get the last of it to seep out the end of my cock. Then she licked around her mouth to collect all that she could. As the longest, most intense orgasm I had ever had subsided, I felt like all the fluid in my body had been drained out in ten seconds of pure ecstasy. 

After she sat a moment with her eyes closed almost in a trance-like state of absolute contentment, I stood upright on my still very shaky legs and pulled her up so she was standing with me. 

As she stood there, seemingly as exhausted as I was, she kept her eyes closed and said nothing. I began to kiss her cheeks gently and licked at some of the semen still her face. "Thank you, my sweet goddess Aphrodite," I said in a whisper. She finally took a deep breath and sighed. I'm not even sure she heard what I said, but she seemed to "wake up" when I moved to pick up my pants.

"Hold it cowboy" she exclaimed in a playful voice, "You're not done yet!"

"What is she talking about?" I thought to myself as I looked at her with another questioning expression. 

"You're not getting a blow job of that quality without returning the favor! Silly boy," she said giggling. 

Still not sure of exactly what she meant I watched as she pulled her tank top up over her head. The breasts that bounced gently as she pulled her shirt past were a work of art. Beautifully shaped and firm. Not too large and not too small. Just perfect, as far as I was concerned. Her sexy dark brown aureole surrounded perfectly shaped nipples that were firm and erect. While it was obvious she was slightly tanned, I saw no tan lines. 

While I was gazing appreciatively at her breasts, she unbuttoned her shorts and let them drop to her ankles. One leg after the other she removed her sandals and her shorts. Then she smiled at me like she was about to treat me to something incredible and slowly slid her shear, thong panties down to her knees. They dropped to the floor and she stepped out of them now completely naked. 

Her shape was perfect and I saw no excess body fat anywhere. She was in excellent shape, that was easy to see, but she was also not excessively "hard" bodied. She appeared to be soft enough to remain very feminine. Her light brown pubic hairs were neatly trimmed to hide behind the smallest of bikini bottoms. I could tell her labium was already swollen and the smell of her incredibly hot, wet pussy began to waft toward me.

She moved toward my desk and cleared all my "stuff" from one whole side. She sat on the desk and pulled up her legs. Then she positioned herself toward the middle so she could lean against the wall. She smiled and motioned with her index finger that she wanted me to come to her. My cock, which had gone fairly limp, was beginning to swell once again. She pulled her feet in and spread her legs open wide. I could see her clit was now swollen and protruding from the lips of her pussy. She pressed her tits together and began to lick her nipples and massage her breasts. I waited for instructions.

I watched her stimulate her breasts with the same tongue and fingers that had just recently been used so skillfully to play with my cock and then I started to stroke her lovely legs with my finger tips. First just the calves and ankles and then, having received no protest, I rubbed gently her thighs with my whole hand. Her body shuddered as I massaged her.

Again her eyes closed and she seemed to have returned to a trance-like state when she pulled on my shoulders and quietly said "okay sweetie, I'm ready for you." I wasn't quite sure which part of me she was ready for until she pulled my shoulders down while at the same time she lifted her legs and placed then on my shoulders. I now understood so I willingly moved my head down between her legs.

As I was moving toward her pussy, I watched her as she acted like she had achieved Nirvana. I almost giggled out loud. Partly because I couldn't believe that this wonderful, flawless creature wanted me to fuck her brains out, and also because I couldn't help but wonder if this Aphrodite impersonator wasn't thinking that I was her Eros. I had to admit, if I was ever going to be a "god", I was at this moment, as close as I had ever been! I hoped so that I could live up to her expectations. 

I helped her move her butt out toward the edge of the desk so she could lie flat, which I thought would be more comfortable. I was in control now as she seemed be cooperating with every movement I suggested. It was almost as it she was reading my mind. Maybe I WAS a god!!! 

I stretched my tongue to touch the inside of her right thigh. I licked her leg from her butt around to the front and she moaned as if she approved. I decided to stay with the slow approach wanting to tease her just as she had teased me. I continued to lick the inside of her thighs, this time from her labia down toward her knee, and then kissed and licked my way back up. I stroked gently at her legs and hips with only my finger tips. I was making love to her beautiful leg and it was the sexiest experience of my life. 

After three or four trips around her right leg, I moved and began to give her left leg the same affection. She didn't want to wait any longer so one trip down to her ankle and back on the left leg was all she could stand. She pulled my head toward her pussy and in a breathless voice asked me pleadingly to fuck her with my tongue.

I started by licking near the side her anus and the space between it and her vagina. She was getting extremely hot now and was beginning to slowly thrust her hips up toward me as if she was begging me to lick her clit. I resisted the temptation to comply immediately with her "request" and I licked her pussy lips careful to only brush by her clit. The teasing was building her to a frenzied state as she was now almost panting and each exhale was accompanied by a slight moaning that sounded increasingly disparate. She put her hands under her butt and lifted her hips higher as if to be trying to reach me. I finally could resist no more and I gave in to my goddess's desire.

My tongue touched it gently, at first stroking only the edge of her clit from one end to the other. I then used my fingers to fully spread her lips. Her now fully exposed clitoris was standing straight out firmly. I began to lick the sides using more surface of my tongue. I worked slowly but licked a little harder with each pass. Up one side and then the other I went. Her once rhythmic motions were now getting frantic and uneven and I sensed she was getting closer to orgasm. I slowed down just a bit. I certainly hadn't had enough of her yet. I continued gently kneading, licking and sucking on her clit with my tongue and lips and then slowly moved my tongue toward penetration of her pussy. 

She was now soaking wet all around her pussy. Her juices and my saliva had flowed down so that her buttocks and the edge of my desk were soaked with the wetness. As I pulled away for a moment, I noticed how her pubic hair, her ass and the insides of her legs now glistened as the dim lights of my office reflected off of her. I could see that she also was perspiring lightly on her chest and face. She glowed so beautifully that I wondered once again if this was real. But it was. I could taste her and smell her and feel her.

She groaned and spread her legs wider as she pulled my face hard between her legs. She buried my face in her pussy and ground her hips into me. I couldn't believe the heat that was emanating from her box as I thrust my tongue into her wide open pussy. As I pushed it into her I tried to fill her hole as much as I could and as I pulled it out I tried to lick firmly across the upper edge closest to her clit. I remember wishing I could add a couple of inches to the length of my tongue but I quickly returned to concentrating fully on my mission.

Then, as I was beginning to wear out, my lips and cheeks now raw from the grinding, I slid my tongue into her pussy one last time and pressed my nose into her clit. At the same time something told me to lubricate my thumb with her juices and insert it slowly into the opening of her ass. As I did, suddenly there was a pause. She stopped in mid motion and froze for what seemed like forever and I wondered if I had made a mistake with the thumb in the ass. Just as I was about to react to my uncertainty, and pull it out, her entire body begun to shudder. The spasm in her hips spread out like an explosion of pleasure. Her hands grabbed the edge of the desk and she held on as tightly as if she were riding a roller coaster without a safety bar. Her panting stopped, but I could tell her chest was fully inflated as she arched her back off the surface. I kept my tongue moving; not wanting to disappoint her at what was now the obvious climax of our incredible love-making. The pause in her motions was short lived as she suddenly cried out louder than I thought possible from such a lean and feminine woman. 

At the same time she started her screaming her hips again started thrusting and squirming. She pushed my face tightly into her pussy so hard that I was having difficulty getting any air. She closed her thighs tight on my head so there was no way I could escape. Her convulsions were so hard and intense I got concerned about my neck. But hey, "What a way to go" I thought.

Finally, her spasms subsided and she regained normal breathing. Or, I should say normal for someone who sounded like they had just run the one hundred meter dash. I was also exhausted. However, when I pulled my thumb out of her ass and my head away from her and took notice of my cock, it had restored itself to its fully functional firmness. With that, my lover reached out and grabbed hold of it and pulled it toward her. I was surprised when I saw in her face a continued look of desperation. Then, with a tone of voice that would not be denied, she demanded in her breathy and now raspy voice, "I want you in me. Come on now and fuck me. Please fuck me now." This beautifully sexy, classically gorgeous master of LOVE making was still not satisfied. She now wanted to get fucked, and I realized I had to comply, even though I felt like I really had little left to give. "As long as I can remain firm", I thought to myself, "I should keep going."
