 We were new in the neighborhood having moved into our house only a few weeks prior, so meeting Jan and Lenny was a great opportunity to begin making friends here. They lived a little further down our street so we saw them practically every day after Gary Swartz had introduced us. To start with it was just a wave from Lenny as he pushed his electric ‘Flymo’ over the tightly manicured lawn while I drove past on my way to work, or it was Jan waving at us in our front yard as she jogged past in her tight lycra body suit, her full breasts bouncing delightfully in rhythm with her stride. I would smile pleasantly and make sure Lynn, my wife, didn’t catch me checking out her ass as she went by. What an ass. Her butt cheeks were firm and rounded, almost boyish, but the way they moved against each other always gave me ‘half a mongrel’ as I tried to imagine what lay between their curves. My attention to gardening after that was mere play-acting, an excuse to bend over and hide my partial erection so Lynn wouldn’t suspect where my thoughts had traveled. 

The afternoon that Jan broke her stride and came over to the fence was a warm day in the late spring. I watched her approach feeling the swelling in my shorts subsiding as Lynn came to stand beside me. 

“Hi there, Malcolm. Hi Lynn. Such a gorgeous day.” She was panting lightly from her run and I just couldn’t help sneaking a quick glance at her heaving chest. Her nipples protruded like two gorgeous little buttons behind the silky maroon fabric of her body suit. I cleared my throat and forced myself to meet her eyes.

“Why, hello Jan.” I managed just before Lynn snatched the conversation away. 

“You look hot, my dear. Do come in and have a nice glass of iced tea.”

“Hmmm. Don’t mind if I do.”

I stepped aside and let her by, seeing Lynn heading towards the door to show the way. Her perfume was expensive. I know dick from perfume, but I know an expensive one in that they are subtler, more enticingly aromatic than cheaper brands. Hers carried a hint of citrus under the fragrant lilt of summer flowers and it made my head swim. Casting the small trowel into the flowerbed I fell into line making sure I had full advantage to check out her lovely ass as she took the two steps up onto the small landing before entering the house. Again my little soldier stirred and I mentally admonished him, not wanting to enter the hallway with a raging great hard on. Not that it would have mattered as Lynn had taken Jan by the shoulder and was guiding her into the kitchenette where the coffee bar was located. I took a quick detour to freshen up quickly washing my hands and running a comb through my hair before joining the two women. 

When I returned I positioned myself opposite Jan figuring that was the best spot to get a look at her without being too obvious. Her rich brown hair was tied in a short pony’s tail, the way she always seemed to have it when jogging. Normally it hung around her in a bouncy swirl, down just below the shoulders. She sipped her tea and her dark eyes looked at me over the rim of her glass as she listened to Lynn’s conversation. She winked. It was quick, almost surreptitious and for a moment I thought I had imagined it as she turned towards my wife, a polite smile spreading on her sweet face.

I listened to the two women swapping small talk contributing only a little here and there. Too soon it seemed the tea was gone and Jan glanced at her Tag-Heuer timepiece. 

“Oh, look at the time. I really must be going.” She stood up and smiled warmly at me before turning back to Lynn. “Thank you so much for the tea, Lynn. I must confess I was a little thirsty after my jog.” 

Lynn gave her a grin and made some noncommittal noises consistent with accepting the compliment. Jan turned to make her way to the front door then stopped, pausing for a moment before turning back towards us.


”Are you two busy this evening?”


I looked at Lynn, who shrugged. ”Nothing on the books that I know of.” I replied, still watching my wife for a signal.

”Would you like to come to our house and play cards? Lenny and I do so enjoy a good game of Canasta.”

”Oh, yes. We’d love to.” Lynn replied before I could answer. 
* * * * *

Cards have always been a passion of mine and the game of Canasta is one of my all time favorites. Jan suggested that boys play girls and so we sat at the table, I across from Jan and diagonally across from Lenny with Lynn sitting next to me. Since the game made us opponents, Lynn had moved her chair about a yard away from me so that I would not be able to look at her cards. 

The game progressed nicely with Lenny and I amassing enough points to gain quite a lead on the girls if only one of us could play out. I was hunting for sevens and tens and was watching the center pile closely when I felt a bare foot on top of my left foot. I had been wearing rubber thongs; flip-flops, sometimes known as Chinese Combat Boots, but had kicked them off during the evening and so was barefooted myself. I glanced up and saw Jan was smiling at me over the fan of cards she held and again that secret little wink flashed across the table so quick only I would see it. I glanced at Lynn and saw she was frowning in deep concentration as she tried to plan her cards while Lenny was counting, his finger moving from card to card in his hand.

I crossed my right foot over and placed it on top of Jan’s thus sandwiching hers between my two feet. She gave me a small smile and the tip of her tongue flicked out across her lips in a very seductive way. I made my play, missing out on the card I needed, and began stroking her foot with mine under the table. We played like that for a few minutes until she pulled hers free and placed it up onto the front of my chair, between my legs. I nearly dropped my cards as her toes began caressing my balls. My cock began to swell until I had a monster erection. In deference to the warmth of the evening, I was wearing a tee shirt and Stubby shorts. These have almost no leggings on them at all so there was little that would interfere with Jan’s forage as her toes worked their way along my thigh. I felt her warm toes wriggle inside my shorts. My jockey shorts were the last line of defense and her foot felt hot through the material as she began caressing my cock with her nimble toes.

Another quick glance around the table assured me that Lenny and Lynn were still deep into their cards and quite unaware of Jan’s incursion. That gave me courage and I slowly raised my right foot until it rested on her chair, between her legs. I tried wriggling my toes but felt only air until she shuffled forward until my toes came to rest on warm, damp silky cloth. Her panties were wet with juices that had flowed from her pussy. I used my big toe to caress her hot, eager pussy through the smooth material and saw her squirm slightly under my touch. Her eyes fell to her cards and she made a strange little noise deep in her throat that made Lenny glance across at her. I nearly died! If he were to look down at his wife’s crutch he’d see my foot buried in her snatch! The best thing to do was do nothing, which I did. 


Jan reached for the discard pile and picked up the cards, melding immediately until she had cut herself down to less than half a dozen in her hands. She discarded, smiled lovingly at Lenny and reached with her free hand under the table. I felt her cool fingers on my foot as she gave it a quick caress, then she hooked a finger under the legging of her panties and pulled them to one side. My toes slipped into the wet well of her cunt, my big toe driving in deep like a small fat cock. I bit the side of my mouth so as not to groan and watched as Lenny rearranged his cards before picking up off the deck. Any minute he was going to smell pussy juice, I thought, but I couldn’t pull away from that heavenly honey pot. It felt so good. 

Lenny was a smoker. Usually I hate being in the room with a smoker as the smoke makes my chest ache, but I was glad when he reached for his pack and lit one. Now nobody would notice the fragrance of horny pussy coming from under the table. My cock was so hard I felt it was ready to burst. She had managed to work her toes under the legging of my jockey shorts and now she clenched my swollen knob between her big toe and the one next to it then rocked her foot in a way that masturbated me most sensuously. I couldn’t bear it much longer, I knew I was going to cum if she kept it up and then I doubt if even a miracle would keep Lynn and Lenny from noticing what was happening. I slipped my toe out of Jan’s hot pussy and pulled gently away from her stroking foot.


”Um. I might take a pit stop if you don’t mind, Len. Grab a beer on the way back as well.”

”Make it two.” He muttered around his cigarette. “Mind if I go out?”


”Go for it.” 


  I was relieved that Lenny was going out. It would keep his and Lynn’s attention focused while I got up to leave the room. Neither would see my huge boner before I could turn away from their gaze. Jan would, of course. She was ogling me in anticipation, waiting to see the great lump in my shorts that she had helped create. I placed my cards onto the table announcing the points in my hand that Lenny would have to deduct from our score and left him to count it all out.


Pushing through into the kitchen, I rearranged my hard cock to a more comfortable angle. Just then I heard Jan’s voice.
”Would you mind doing the count, Lynn? I might just pop into the kitchen and whip up a snack.

”Want some help?” Lynn replied.

”No, you do the tally. I won’t be more than a few minutes.”

 I was at the sink when she came in. The door separating the kitchen from the dining room was a sliding door and I heard it whisper shut behind her. Her naked feet made little noise as she came up behind me, then I felt her lips press against my neck and her hand slide into my shorts, grabbing hold of my monster cock and pulling it free.

”Quickly.” She murmured into my ear. I turned to face her and pulled up her short skirt, using my hand to whip her panties down until she was able to kick them off. My fingers slid into her, giving her a quick massage until her juices were running over my hand. Her pussy felt so warm and it pulsed against my fingers as if she were trying to suck at them.

”Oh, Malcolm. Oh, please fuck me quick. I want to feel that huge cock of yours inside of me.”

Bracing myself against the sink I scooped her into my hands, cupping each of her perfect buttocks and lifting her off the floor. She threw her legs around me and my cock slipped easily into her hot, wet cunt. I could feel my shaft sinking until my balls came up hard against her pussy lips and then I began to fuck her. Slowly at first, but getting faster as she bit her lip so as not to cry out. My fingers wandered between her parted cheeks and I rubbed her tight rear hole gently as we fucked.


”Mmmmm. Yes, yes. Put your finger in my ass. Oh, honey please.”

I did just that. Enough of her sweet pussy juices had run down my shaft so that I could use it to lubricate her ass before my finger slipped into her most secret tight hole. I felt her muscles contract as I slipped in all the way, as if she wanted to clench my digit with her ass. My balls were squashing up against her each time I lowered her onto my cock and with my searching finger deep in her ass, I could feel my hard shaft thrusting in and out through the little flesh divider between the two holes. 

”Oh baby, I’m going to cum.” I whispered into her ear.

”Yes. Give me your cum. I want to feel it squirt deep inside my pussy.” 


”You ready?” 
”Oh, fuck yes. Oh Malcolm. I want your cream. Cum in me, oh please.”

 That was enough encouragement for me. I felt my balls tense and then I shot a great splash of cum right up there, into the depths of her hot pussy. My cock pulsed again and again as it shot its load deep inside her, great hot wads of sweet cum that washed against her pussy walls.

”Ooooh fuck yes.” She gasped and I felt her pussy pulsing and gush, her cum mixing with mine as it ran out of her and soaked my balls.

 I lowered her to her feet, withdrawing my spent cock from her wet slit. She grabbed my shaft, dropped to her knees, then popped it into her mouth and gave me the wildest tongue licking I’d ever had, cleaning off all the jism and cum until I was sparkling. When she finished she reluctantly pulled my shorts up over my cock and retrieved her panties.

”Better get the beer and rejoin them or else they’ll be wondering where we are.”

”Oh, Jan. That was the best fuck I’ve had in a while. I sure hope it isn’t the last.”

 She smiled and grabbed my balls for a quick squeeze. “Not if I can help it.” She whispered.

Lenny was grinning widely as I re-entered the room. I set his beer in front of him and almost collapsed in my own chair suddenly aware of the fact that my legs were weak and trembling after that fuck. No wonder we used to refer to that position as a ‘knee trembler’ when we were teenagers. 

”I think we’ve got the women fucked, Mal.” He announced as he scooped cards together and began shuffling again. 

I smiled at that and thought; well at least one of them has been fucked…

“We’ve got 3,600 odd points against their 1200.”
 Lynn smiled politely and stood up. “I think I’ll give Jan a hand in the kitchen.” She announced mildly. My small look of alarm came and went quickly. That kitchen would still be redolent of pussy juice and hot cum. I grabbed her arm and said, “She’s just about done. She was just putting on the finishing touches as I left.”

As if on queue the door slid back and Jan entered balancing a large platter on one hand and carrying a jug of iced tea in the other. Cheese slices of varying varieties with salted water crackers nestled amoung shredded iceberg lettuce and a scatting of dried fruit.
”Thought you might like a cool drink, Lynn. I know I need one.” And she gave me a quick seductive smile as she stood between Lynn and I before placing the tray on the table.
 * * * * *

We arrived home just before midnight. Lenny had been wrong. The girls had picked up the pace winning the next two hands straight, maxing out their 5000 points and leaving us 65 shy of victory. It had been fun, but Jan’s sheer naughtiness was up most in my mind. 

Lynn slid into bed, naked as per usual, while I lay next to her dressed only in my jockey shorts. I though momentarily of fucking her before we went to sleep but she had already closed her eyes and her breathing deepened as she slipped off into slumberland. I lay there thinking about Jan’s hot wet pussy. She was shaved. Funny, I didn’t really notice that when we were playing under the table or later when we fucked in the kitchen, but now that fact popped suddenly into my mind. She was shaved and it had felt so good. Lynn never shaved her pussy, although she wasn’t really that hairy, and so Jan’s bald spadger was a new experience for me. I began wondering how it would taste, munching on her pussy without pubic hair getting in the way. 

Just thinking about it made me horny again and I felt my cock getting hard. Oh how I felt like I needed another fuck right now. Turning my head I saw Lynn laying on her back, her arms folded behind her head. She breathed deeply in her sleep giving out a little snore every now and than that was so gentle as to be almost cute. Her tits were dark mounds in the moonlight shining through the window while her nipples stood out like little sentries, one on top of each hill. I loved her, I’ve always loved her and fucking Jan hadn’t changed that. My hand had wandered down until I was grasping my hard cock in my fist. Letting my eyes feast on Lynn’s lovely tits as they rose and fell in sleep, I began masturbating slowly, evenly breathing through my mouth so as to minimize any noise. How I wish I could have Jan here, legs spread apart, showing off her bald pussy and waiting for me to ram my cock up inside of her. 

The head of my cock had gotten damp with precum while I fantasized. My free hand felt for the beads of moisture that welled out of my cock’s eye and I gathered it on my fingers then reached over for Lynn’s tits. Gently stroking her nipples I rubbed my precum on each in turn, teasing them until they grew erect. She moaned in her sleep. Her legs parted and I could see her neat bush in the moonlight. Carefully I reached between her legs and felt her pussy. It was wet enough and my finger dipped between her pussy lips just onto the entrance to her lovely sweet tunnel. 

 Lynn moaned and writhed in her sleep. Her tongue ran out over her lips as her head tossed gently from side to side. I caressed her more, still gently, probing delicately until I felt a fingertip slipping into her up to my first knuckle. Her nipples were standing up like thumbs now and her back arched as if she was waiting for a huge cock to slip into her pussy. I stroked my cock a little faster with my other hand, getting so excited now as I watched her getting aroused even in her sleep. 
”Oh, honey yes.” She murmured. 

Her hand fell in my lap and groped until she found my hard member still firmly grasped in my hand. I felt warm fingers caress my fist while her thumb found my wet knob, circling and rubbing until my cock tingled at the touch. She was smiling and even though her eyes were closed I became certain that she had awoken.

I rolled towards her gently, lifting my leg over her body until I straddled her midriff, my jutting cock hovering over her heaving breasts. She had her hand around the top few inches of my dick while I was still hanging on to the rest of my shaft.

”You awake?” I growled in what I hoped was a sexy voice for that time of the morning. 
”No.” She whispered. “I’m fast asleep and dreaming that a naked man is straddling me and jerking off. I think he’s planning to shoot cum all over my tits.” She was rubbing my swollen knob gently with her thumb. I reached back with my free hand and slipped back into her pussy using three fingers. They slipped in easily so I began to work them in and out feeling for her clit with my thumb as I masturbated her towards an orgasm. My other hand began working up and down my shaft and I felt her let go to give me the room I needed to massage it in long, sensuous strokes. 
”Oh, hon…I am going to cum soon baby.” I murmured. I could feel my balls tightening and the first pressure building as my cock readied itself to explode.

”Don’t tell me about it, darling. I’m asleep, remember.” And her hand snuck up between my legs. I gasped as her finger entered me. 

 She thrust it in deep and found that special spot that all proctologists know so well and then she pushed. My god! The shot of cream that exploded from me arched at least four foot into the air before raining down upon her tits. Another shot landed across her mouth and cheek, and her tongue snaked out to lick it away. More spasms sent wads of jism shooting from my cock to land on her nipples and lips that were now slightly parted, her tongue darting about like a thirsty thing seeking my warm cum.

”Mmmmmmm…Malcolm You taste sooooo sexy.” She murmured as she removed her finger from my ass. She opened one eye at me and smiled a sleepy cum soaked smile. “And I am really going to sleep now, so get off.”

My legs were trembling as I rolled back to my side of the bed. I tried to focus my mind on an image of Jan’s lovely face but my heart wasn’t in it at that moment and soon I, too, fell asleep.

* * * * *
 Jan jogged past the house again while I was in the garden. She waved at me, a small salutation from the hip that I returned enthusiastically still bent at the waist over a bed of petunias with a weed trowel in my hand. Lynn had gone shopping leaving only a few minutes earlier and I knew from experience she wouldn’t be back for at least two hours. She loved to shop and many a Visa card had been worn out by her hand. Of course Jan would have seen her drive past in our electric blue Holden Rodeo RV, as we had to drive past Lenny and Jan’s house to get to the main road, the other direction ending in a cul de sac. 
