 I had recently moved to San Antonio and was looking for a place where I could blow off some steam at the end of my work day and keep myself in shape at the same time. After an afternoon of checking out a few of the gyms and fitness clubs in the area I drove past a martial arts studio that was just a thirty minute jog from my apartment. Like a lot of guys, I had entertained the idea of taking karate a few times. As a youth I had watched Ralph Macchio, Jean-Claude Van Damme & Steven Seagal open up various kinds of whoop ass on people and think, "I can do that," but I never actually gave it a try. During the remainder of my drive home I imagined myself smashing through boards with my bare hands and flinging people around the room like they were rag dolls and decided, "Why not!" I figured I could warm up with a good run and then spend an hour or two learning karate. With that I made up my mind to give Karate Plus a try. 

The next Friday I wrapped up my work a bit early and made my way to the studio to check things out. I walked through the doors at Karate Plus and paused to watch the kick-boxing cardio class that was going on. I'd been standing there for a while soaking everything in when a voice from behind me said, "It's a whole lot more fun to do than it is to watch. You want to give it a try?" 

With my eyes still fixed on the activity in the next room I was just about to blurt out that kick-boxing cardio wasn't really my thing when I turned around and saw a stunning brunette smiling at me. She had it all going on: about 5'6" tall, beautiful hair, striking eyes, lush, kissable lips and a trim, curvaceous figure. I found it rather difficult to think clearly with all my blood rushing from my brain to my pants, but I had my wits about me enough to keep from blurting out, "Damn!" 

"I...I...I'm not sure yet." I managed to spit out while failing miserably at keeping my eyes from glancing down at her round, firm breasts that were pressing so tightly against her white blouse that I was anticipating...hoping...her buttons would pop off at any moment. "Are you in the class?" It was a rather stupid question; it was plain to see that she wasn't dressed for the class. In addition to the white blouse she was wearing – opened at the top enough to tantalize and tease but still not reveal too much – she was wearing black, leather boots and tight, faded blue jeans that hugged her in all the right places. She looked absolutely amazing! 

My stuttering and ogling had brought an amused smile to her face which eased the awkwardness of the situation a bit. She slyly replied, "Well, I'm not in the class at the moment, but I tell you what, you sign up today and I'll make a point of being there your first time, just to make sure you don't get hurt." There was a hint of laughter in her voice as she extended her hand out to shake mine. "My name's Vanessa. I'm the office manager here."

"I'm Lance. It's a pleasure to meet you. Yeah, um, I'm definitely interested in taking you." (Crap! Did I actually just say that?!) "Classes, I mean. I'm definitely interested in taking some classes here." My heart was pounding in my chest and I could tell that I was blushing which I'm sure caused my face to blush all the more. "Sorry, I..."

"No need to apologize." Her expression reassured me that she found my bumbling flattering. "Why don't we step into the office for a moment and talk further about the classes we offer here." 

Her playful smile and the flirtatious sparkle in her eye had me mesmerized. While I took in as much of her as I possibly could, she went through the classes, policies and contract specifics. She could have offered me a year's worth of ballet lessons complete with leotard & tutu and I'd have signed on the bottom line. Fortunately for me I was at Karate Plus and not some froo froo dance studio. Before I knew it I was signed up to take Jujitsu, Kick-boxing Cardio and Tae Kwon Do. After introducing me to the instructors and giving me a quick tour around the studio Vanessa handed me a class schedule and sent me on my way. 

I was just about to the door when she called out, "Lance, I expect to see you here at 9:15 a.m. tomorrow morning. Don't you forget, now, you hear?" 

"I'll be here! Just remember, though, you promised you'd take the class too, so you better be appropriately dressed and ready for exercise the next time I see you!" 

The rest of the evening I was as anxious as a young boy on Christmas Eve. Saturday morning couldn't come soon enough! I hardly slept a wink that night and found myself up way before dawn. I threw on a pair of grey workout shorts & a navy tank top and when I had waited as long as I possibly could I headed out the door. It was 8:00 a.m.

As I jogged up to the studio I was surprised to find that the lights were on and that there was a class in session. I didn't recall there being a martial arts class that early on Saturdays. I glanced at the schedule on the door: Namaste Yoga Class: Saturdays, 8:30 a.m. Curious, I made my way in, grabbed a bottle of water out of the cooler and sat down on the bleachers to watch while I cooled off. I twisted the cap off the bottle and was raising the water up to my lips to take a drink when I caught the sight of Vanessa bending over with her perfectly shaped ass pointed right at me. She had definitely dressed to work out and she looked even more incredible than I had imagined. The black cotton pants and the matching sports bra she had on clung to her like second skin, stunningly accentuating every curve of her fit figure. I stared out at the view before me and thought to myself, "Lance, you are a lucky, lucky guy!" Vanessa's arms were stretched out and her hands were resting on the mat in front of her. Her head was down, and her ass – oh that beautiful ass of hers – was raised and begging to be mounted. For the next forty five minutes I watched her every movement in a hypnotic trance. Each graceful position was more erotic than the last. Before I knew it, and much to my dismay, the class was over. 

As the class disbanded Vanessa glanced my way, smiled and then came over to greet me. "Hey, Lance. I'm pleased that you made it." Without thinking I stood up. The erection which I had managed to conceal while I was seated was now pushing outward on my jogging shorts and in full view. "And I'm glad to see that you're not turned off by the sight of a perspiring woman." She winked at me and then handed me her gym towel which I quickly used to shield my crotch.

"Uhh...thanks. This is so embarrassing. I'm sorry..."

"There you go apologizing again." She grinned mischievously and then reached out and moved the towel to the side. "By the looks of it you don't have anything to be embarrassed about or sorry for. I think you better partner up with me for the morning, though. Some might find the size of your...biceps, a bit intimidating. Oh, and nice tank top by the way – shows off your muscles nicely." She gave me a quick wink and then briskly headed off to answer the phone.

As I watched her walk away I breathed a sigh of relief. Her playful flirting had managed to set me at ease...well, mostly. I still had to contend with the bulge in my pants that was growing harder by the second and was showing no sign of relaxing any time soon. 



When it came time for the kick-boxing class to begin our instructor, Matt, told everyone to buddy up and spend some time stretching out. Vanessa and I sat down on the ground, spread our legs apart and positioned ourselves toe-to-toe. We then clasped hands and took turns leaning forward and backward to stretch out our backs, abs & hamstrings. As she leaned back and pulled me in closer to her I couldn't help but follow the line of her legs with my eyes as they came together in a V at her mound. Her pants were pulled tightly against her body revealing her most intimate contours. I allowed my gaze to pan further up her body and I lingered at the sight of her round tits and tight nipples pushed upward toward the ceiling. As we reversed positions I wondered if she was checking me out as intently as I was her. The very thought caused my cock to stiffen more. I heard her gasp and knew that she had noticed. I glanced down and caught the sight of her pouty lips just inches away from the rise in my pants. Our eyes met and she quickly looked away, but I could tell by the way she was grinning that she liked what she saw. 

After a couple minutes we were instructed get up and form lines behind some upright kicking pads that Matt had rolled out into the center of the room. I stepped in line behind Vanessa and continued to relish the sight of her firm ass. When it was her turn to approach the pad she kicked her leg over it and cleared it easily. On the way back down, though, she lost her balance and began to fall backwards. I stepped up, caught her and immediately realized I had reached too far around her side. I was holding her breast in my right hand! Waves of pleasure passed through me as I felt her hard nipple against my palm. Vanessa leaned her head back, looked up at me and teasingly asked, "Having fun there, Lance?" 

Her comment awakened me to what I was doing and I quickly moved my hand and helped her up. As she turned to make her way to the end of the line she slapped me on the ass and said, "I can tell I'm going to have to keep my eye on you!" 

"You may as well," I playfully shot back as I approached the kicking pad, "because I've definitely been keeping my eye on you." The stiffness of my cock made kicking my leg up in the air a challenge, but I managed to perform the maneuver and rejoin Vanessa at the back of the room. 

Throughout the class we continued to brush against each other and play. She took delight in watching the tent in my shorts sway back and forth as I moved and I found myself equally enthralled with the way her tits bounced about with every step, kick and turn. By the time the class was over I thought my balls were going to absolutely explode. 

As the kick-boxing class let out and the students for the next class began to gather Vanessa looked at me with those incredible eyes of hers and said, "Well, you made it through your first class. How was it?"

"Energizing, to say the least."

"Yeah. I noticed!" She glanced down at my shorts and then continued, "You managed to keep up through the whole thing. I'm impressed."

"You inspire me; what can I say."

"Oh, I do, do I? Well, as long as I've got you here can I inspire you to do give me a hand real quick?

"Your wish is my command...what can I do for you?

"There are some boxes of uniforms and sparring gear in the backroom that I need to get down. I'd appreciate the help."

"Lead on."

She led me back to the backroom where there were storage racks stacked with boxes and various other supplies. 

"Ok, what do you want me to grab?" I asked with my eyes glued to her shapely ass. 

She quickly picked up on my innuendo. "Why, Lance, what am I going to do with you?!"

"I can think of a few things."

"How 'bout we just start with those boxes up there."

I reached up, pulled down a box and turned to set it on the ground. I turned back to find Vanessa standing on her tip toes pulling down a box that was almost as big as she was. I stepped in close behind her and reached up to steady the box and take it from her. "Here, why don't you let me do that?"

Vanessa pulled her hands away and started to bend over to move out from under me. As she did her ass pressed up against my hard cock and I let out a spontaneous moan. "Hmm...feels like you're still standing at full attention...and by the sounds you're making I'd say you are primed and ready for some release." The sensuous tone in her voice caused me to gulp in anticipation. Rather than move away she pushed herself back even further until I my shaft was nestled between her ass cheeks. Teasingly she asked, "Is that box heavy, Lance? If it is I can move."

I let out a sigh of ecstasy. "Depends on what kind of moving you're planning on doing." Vanessa tightened the muscles that were cradling my cock and rubbed against me. 

She giggled with satisfaction as my panting and groaning increased. "You're going to have to keep the volume down there, big boy. There's a room full of people on the other side of that wall in front of you." She turned and faced me, but remained beneath me so that I couldn't put the box down. "Poor guy. Your cock has been straining to get out of these shorts for hours now. Here, let me help." She reached into the leg of my shorts, pulled my underwear to the side and then maneuvered my cock until it finally sprung out from its confines. 

"Umm...Vanessa...the box."

Ignoring me she leaned in, kissed the tip of my cock and blew cool air over it. She then grabbed hold of my shaft and began caressing and pulling the full length of my 7 inches, brushing against my balls with the down stroke and then tugging playfully on the head with the up stroke. It was all I could do to keep that box up in the air. 

"Vanessa...really...the box!" I was breathless. It's not that I wanted her to stop, but I was a half stroke away from an having an orgasm and I didn't want this incredible moment to come to an end before I had a chance to more fully engage in the fun. 

"Oh...alright...if you must. Why don't you put that thing down over there?" 

I tossed the box to the side and then looked hungrily at Vanessa. With her eyes locked on mine she worked her thumbs into the waistband of her pants, pulled them down slowly and kicked them off revealing what I had suspected all along – she wasn't wearing any panties. The sight of her wet, shaved pussy caused my heart to race. I licked my lips. 

"Ah...that's what I was hoping to see. Come here, you."

I walked over to her and pulled her body close to mine. Running my hands up her sides I stretched her sports bra over her tits and watched as they tumbled out. I lifted her top over her head and flung it across the room with the eager enthusiasm of a boy tearing into his first present on Christmas morning. Vanessa stood their before me, bare, beautiful and ready to be devoured. I salivated at the sight of her large, rosy nipples that grew tighter at my gaze. I took hold of her tits and pushed them together. Leaning in I surrounded one of her nipples with my lips and circled the tip with my tongue. She threw her head back and moaned loudly. 

"Shhhh. Remember, Vanessa," I taunted, "we're going to have to keep quiet." She kept her eyes closed but bit down on her lower lip to keep herself from crying out again. 

I ravenously nibbled at Vanessa's neck while sliding my hand down to feel the warm, succulent lips of her pussy. Her knees dipped slightly at the touch of my fingers. When she placed her hands on my shoulders and pushed downwards, I took that as an invitation and began slowly but deliberately kissing my way down her body. Falling to my knees I cupped her ass cheeks in my hands, pulled her close and began kissing the warm, soft folds of her pussy. She grabbed the back of my head and pressed me more tightly to her. I flicked my tongue around her clit and she moaned with delight. Yearning to take her even further, I pulled my mouth away briefly to run my hand along her sweet opening and then I guided a moistened finger deep inside her. The combination of my sucking and fingering stirred up so much reckless passion within her that she began to thrusting her hips against me. 

"Yes! Yes! Ahh..."

She dug her nails into my shoulder and pulled me up. We embraced and kissed passionately, our tongues probing deep within our mouths. I peeled out of my tank top and pulled off my shorts. My throbbing cock was finally released and yearning to dive in. It stood straight up with drops of liquid anticipation dripping from its head. I scooped her off her feet and lowered her to the ground. I reached up with my hands and held her arms above her head.

"I've been longing for you since I first set eyes on you."

"Then what are you waiting for, you fool? Take me!" 

I kicked her legs apart with mine and plunged my cock deep within her. The sensation was mind blowing. She was so hot, so wet that we moved with ease. Her moans grew louder with each thrust. Our bodies moved in perfect, frantic rhythm. As she grew closer to climaxing, she wrapped her legs around my pelvis and we bucked feverishly against each other. Finally she threw her head back and cried out as wave after wave of orgasmic fury coursed through her body. A few thrusts later and I erupted in her, at long last letting out hours of pent up sexual tension. Slowly our bodies came to a stop and we lay there holding onto each other while beads of sweat dripped down our bodies.

"Now that's what I call a cardio workout," I said through panting breaths.

"See, I told you it was more fun to do than to watch."

We both laughed together and knew that we had just initiated what could very well be the best "get fit" plan ever designed.