 "How about a game of nine-ball?" Justin asked. 

Melanie didn't particularly care about playing pool; however, Justin's invitation was simply too good to pass up.  In her mischievous mind, it presented the perfect opportunity to tease. Teasing was something she thoroughly enjoyed, and she especially loved it when her actions caused him to cross the line. A devilish grin formed as she thought about Justin abandoning his precious self-control. 

Quickly seizing the opportunity, she replied, "Be there in an hour," and hung up the phone. 

'No reason I shouldn't pamper myself a bit first,' she thought, making her way down the hall. 

Melanie turned on some background music, lit lavender-scented candles, and began running a bath. As she undressed, a mixture of bubble bath, oils and salts were added to the steamy water. After a quick temperature check, she switched on the whirlpool jets, creating a steady current of caressing water. Discarding her panties, she stepped into the sunken tub and eased her naked body into the bubbly mixture. 

"Ohhhhhh," she sighed as the hot water surrounded her body. 

Melanie slipped a bath pillow under her neck and reclined, stretching out her legs to fully enjoy the tingling sensations of the circulating bubbles. She leaned back against the pillow, closed her eyes, and relaxed, allowing the heat to revitalize her. Afterwards, she slid a soapy sponge slowly up and down her torso, caressing her body.  

"Yesssss," she moaned softly as the sponge passed over her neckline, shoulders and chest. 

She instinctively arched her back as her sponge-filled hand extended downward, across her stomach and over her mound. Melanie shuddered as the textured surface passed between her legs and grazed her clitoris. 

"Ummmmm," she sighed as the sponge lingered on her labia.

Reluctantly, she lowered her hips back into the cozy hot water. After briefly massaging her shapely toned legs, Melanie held the sponge under the water, allowed it to fill, and then squeezed the excess water out slowly across her breasts. 

"Mmmmm," she groaned as the water bounced off her nipples and cascaded down her abdomen.

She placed the sponge aside and gently began caressing herself. Drawing a handful of bubbles into her hands, she spread the foamy mixture onto her breasts. Cradling the sensitive undersides, she affectionately squeezed and kneaded the tender flesh. Melanie's facial muscles tensed as her long fingers worked their magic. Each touch stimulated her senses, bringing even more pleasure than the last. Her heart raced and her breathing became labored as the methodical caress continued.

Melanie slipped a hand over the fullness of each breast, centering her palms upon her now erect nipples. With her palms barely touching the hardened buds, she began drawing small circles with her hands. Within minutes, those circular motions became quite intense.

"Ahhhhhh," she groaned, her highly sensitive nipples aching with delight. 

She again cupped her breasts firmly in her palms, extending her fingers outward. Encompassing the fullness of her bosom, she slowly drew her fingertips inward, raking her flesh lightly with her fingernails. As she reached the epicenter, she gave herself a slight pinch and rolled her nipples back and forth between her thumbs and forefingers.  

"Shitttttt" she gasped blissfully as waves of excitement rippled through her torso.

While continuing her gentle massage, Melanie arched her back, scooped up a handful of bubbles and began stroking her labia with her fingers. She moaned softly as her hand slid slowly to and fro, working the lather around.  Her sexual tension mounted as she gently kneaded her pussy lips between her soapy fingers. 

"Oh fuck", she cried as her fingers slid up and down the length of each lip, gently pulling, massaging and stretching the sensitive tissue. 

Each stroke caused Melanie's lust to increase. Desiring even more, she lowered her hips back into the water and positioned her clitoris directly in front of a whirlpool jet. As the stream of jetting water blasted against her clit, she moaned excitedly.   

"Oh ... oh ... oh ..." she panted repeatedly as the pent-up energy was released.

Melanie's eyes rolled backward as the tidal wave of pleasure overpowered her senses. She braced her feet against the tub wall, and arched her hips upwards as orgasmic spasms shook through her body.

Writhing frantically, she cried out, deep and carnal, "Shittttttt."

Spent, Melanie eased herself back down into the now tepid water. As her ragged breathing slowly returned to normal, she moved her hand slowly away from her sensitive clit and rested it upon her mound. 

'Justin, you'll have to work damn hard to top that,' she thought, giggling to herself. With weakened legs, she rose and quickly showered, rinsing the remaining soap from her skin. 

Melanie glanced at herself in the mirror, making a last minute check of her hair and make-up.  Satisfied with her appearance, she applied a small amount of her favorite perfume to select pulse points. To compliment the effect, she took the antique DeVilbiss atomizer from the vanity and sprayed a fine mist into the air.

After stepping through the mist, she stopped and inhaled, taking a whiff of the familiar scent. 

"Umm, sweet ambrosia." 

"Now, time for a little shock and awe," she giggled as she carefully selected her attire for the evening. 

'Yes, something totally out of character was required' she reasoned.

She slipped into the enticing outfit and stepped before the full-length mirror. 

Giving her body the once-over, Melanie grinned, 'Ooh la la.' Quite satisfied with her chosen attire, she tested several poses to ensure the desired effect could be witnessed. 

'Ultra seductive and sexually provocative,' she thought as she looked over her right shoulder to complete her inspection.

'Perfect, absolutely perfect!' she concluded and headed for the car. 

-----

She let herself in the backdoor in order to arrive unannounced. Making her way downstairs, she heard the sounds of simulated gun fire echoing throughout the stairwell. 

'Good, he's playing video games,' she thought as she approached the open door quietly. 

As Melanie strutted into the game room, the clicking sounds of her black 5-inch heels alerted Justin to her arrival. He turned his head, did a double take and then gaped in astonishment. His eyes followed her every move; the stunning black leather corset mini dress, diamond lace pantyhose and black knee-high boots had achieved the desired effect.

"Holy shit," he mumbled, barely believing it was his girlfriend.

Melanie grinned knowing full well her carefully selected attire had caught his interest. Justin desperately wanted to make eye contact but Melanie carefully avoided his gaze. Nevertheless, she could feel the intensity of his eyes as they roamed over her body, especially when they focused upon the zippered front of her mini dress. 

Justin's eyes never left her as she sauntered towards the head of the pool table. As Melanie picked up the cue stick and began chalking the tip, his eyes again roamed over her body. When she stopped to blow the excess chalk away, he quickly homed in on her glossy red lips. Once again, she felt his ravenous eyes exploring, and she intentionally avoided looking in his direction. Prior to visually inspecting the cue tip, she tossed her long auburn hair around, exposing the right side of her face and the soft bare skin of her shoulder and neckline. Melanie hadn't spoken a word, yet her message was loud and clear: 'Pay attention to me boy. You don't want to miss a thing!'

As she prepared for the break shot, she leaned forward slowly, aligning the stick with the cue ball. Keeping her back perfectly straight, she pulled her shoulders backwards, allowing Justin a spectacular view of her large full breasts. As she pulled the cue stick back in preparation for the break, her sultry emerald eyes slid slowly upward catching his. Maintaining perfect eye contact, she bit her lower lip just as the stick forcefully struck the cue ball. Momentary distracted from the crack, Justin's eyes returned to hers. Melanie smiled brilliantly then lowered her eyes.

'Fucking little tease!' he noted, continuing to watch her every move. 

Melanie had pocketed one of the balls so she continued with her turn. She walked over to the left side of the table to prepare for her next shot. Once again, Justin got an excellent view of her tits as she leaned over the railing, preparing to sink the one ball in the side pocket. Her eyes rose again as she drew the stick back. Instead of playfully smiling, she narrowed her eyes, sizing him up. 

'Very audacious,' he mused, fighting the urge to get up.  

After making the shot, Melanie walked slowly around the end of the table, making her way to the right side—the side closest to Justin. Her poise was strong, elegant and graceful, exhibiting supreme confidence with every step, but she dropped the cue stick to the hardwood floor as she started up the right side of the table. 

"Oh my, how clumsy of me," she muttered as she squatted slowly to retrieve the stick. 

When she placed her hand upon the cue stick, she intentionally parted her legs giving Justin a little upskirt tease.

Mesmerized, he stared with his mouth ajar. Melanie's demeanor had caught him off guard, and when he finally realized her shaven pussy was peeking at him through those crotchless pantyhose, the game controller slipped through his fingers, landing on the floor with a resounding thud. 

"Oh my god", he groaned beneath his breath.

Melanie rose and forced back a smile, knowing full well her little peek show had got his attention. She made her way around the table with the vivid image of her smooth pussy lingering in his mind 

Melanie placed the cue stick onto the table and examined the position of the remaining balls. While she stood before him, Justin ran his eyes up and down her 5' 8" frame. Following the voluminous body of hair which cascaded down her back, his gaze lingered momentarily on her derriere.

"Nice ass," he acknowledged. 

Melanie smiled at the compliment but remained perfectly silent. She placed her hands on her hips and pretended to assess the possibility of making her next shot. Justin's eyes roamed again, taking in her shapely legs before turning upward. He found her tousled, long amber tresses to be particularly gorgeous today. She shuddered as she felt him mentally unfastening the lacing on the back of her corset dress.

Melanie threaded her fingers through her hair before picking up the cue stick. She playfully tossed it around to her right shoulder, and slowly leaned forward across the table in preparation for her next shot. Her subtle but deliberate movements forced the tight mini dress to ride up her hips, exposing her naked bottom.  Pulling the stick back, she turned her head to look over her left shoulder. She caught him ogling her ass just before their eyes connected. Her lingering gaze sent another clear, unmistakable message. 

Melanie smiled, licked her lips and turned her head away to break eye contact. About the time she struck the cue ball, Justin's large hand landed firmly on her ass. When she turned to challenge him, he grabbed her roughly and pulled her lips to his. She tried to push him away but Justin held fast. Keeping her close to him, he kissed her deeply in a powerful display of sexual prowess. Melanie immediately melted into him, eagerly kissing him back.

"Ohhhh," she moaned as he sucked hungrily on her lips and tongue.

Without breaking their fervent kissing, Justin pushed the leather mini dress up to her waist, exposing her beautiful shaved pussy. Melanie's eyes widened as he lifted her up and placed her on the edge of the pool table. He growled deeply and stepped between her legs, forcing them to part. Before she could react, he pushed her backward upon the tabletop and spread her legs as wide as possible.  She shuddered when she felt his hot breath upon her pussy lips.

"Eat me baby! Bury your face in my pussy," she cried aloud.

"A bit horny, are we?" Justin chuckled, laughing at her impatience. 

"Bastard!" she retorted, squirming to loosen his grip on her thighs.

Accepting the invitational challenge, he spread her lips with the tip of his tongue. Melanie gasped as Justin's savored her delights, licking her pussy like it was an ice cream cone—from bottom to top, applying long leisurely strokes with the flat of his tongue. She writhed on the table, moaning softly from the onset of his oral caress. 

Spreading the outer lips with his fingers, he teasingly flicked his tongue around and against her clit. Melanie's enticing scent, sweet tasting nectar and reactions served as natural aphrodisiacs, fanning the flames of his desire. As the intensity of his oral lovemaking increased, she grasped Justin's head, pulling his face into her.

"Not so fast, my teasing little whore," he murmured between licks. 

"You're not getting off that easy." 

Melanie held Justin's head steadfast as he rhythmically worked her up with his tongue. God, she wanted to cum so badly but Justin was controlling the tempo perfectly. He built her up to the point of release, and then backed off sharply to prevent her from exploding. Her sexual tension mounted as did her frustration. 

Imprints of Justin's hands formed on the inside of her thighs as he continued to force her legs wide open, allowing him full access to her need. Melanie was oblivious to everything around her; all she cared about was his oral advances and her impending release. 

She inhaled sharply as Justin took her sensitive clit into his hot hungry mouth. 

"Damn you," she wailed as she felt his teeth rake across the sensitive bud.

"Make me cum you bastard!" she yelled, sinking her fingernails deep into his shoulders.

"Use your tongue, your cock ... I don't give a shit ... just quit fucking teasing me."

Justin's actions abruptly halted and he became unnervingly quiet. 

"Nooooooo," she squalled, fearing yet more teasing.

Without warning, he struck like a King Cobra, grabbing her by the hair. In one swift and seamless motion, he pulled her up from the tabletop, spun her around, and then thrust her back down, pushing her face against the dark green felt covering. Her high heels came in contact with the floor but before she could regain total control of her balance, his hand smacked her bare ass, driving her pelvis hard against the railing. She struggled to escape but it was in vain. He had her.

She felt his large cock enter her without warning. No more foreplay! No more games! No more teasing! Just raw unadulterated lust being unleashed! He plunged the full length of his shaft into her, growling deep and guttural as he drove her against the rail. Each thrust became more savage and powerful. Melanie panted as the table rocked violently beneath her. Turning her head from side-to-side, she struggled desperately to breathe. 

Once again, she attempted to wiggle free but found she was no match for him. In response, he quickly grabbed her wrists, pulled them backward and then used them to pull her into his incoming thrusts. Completely at his mercy, she relinquished herself to him and relaxed. With each stroke of Justin's hard cock, Melanie's fight and frustration gave way to passion, propelling her towards rapturous delight.

Sensing her imminent release, he abruptly dropped her arms, immediately placed his right hand between her shoulder blades and forced her upper torso downward. As he pinned her hard against the tabletop, Justin quickly slid his left hand under her, and sandwiched her swollen clit between his first two fingers. The vigorous up and down motion of his fingers unleashed a torrent of passion. 

"Oh oh oohhhhhhhhh," wailed Melanie loudly as the onset of her orgasm struck.

The musky aroma of their sex combined with the cries of her passion drove Justin closer to the edge. Crazed with lust, he fucked her vigorously; his final thrusts becoming animalistic and savage. 

"Oh fuckkkkkkk!" he shouted, his ass muscles flexing.

His cock swelled and jerked wildly as his balls erupted, jetting his seed deep inside her.  Melanie clutched at anything and everything as the force of his release triggered another powerful orgasm. She trembled, moaning in ecstasy as multiple spasms racked her body. 

Once their breathing calmed, Justin leaned across her back and slid his forearms under her to grasp her shoulders. 

"That's what you get for teasing," he groaned, marking her neck.

"Hummm ... I need to tease you more often," she retorted, pressing her neck against his mouth and playfully squeezing her PC muscles around his now flaccid cock.