 My wife and I reside in the Philippines so she could go to college and finally receive her Bachelor degree; it's less expensive than in the United States. I'm retired and classified as 100% disabled veteran . My wife decided that since she would be attending classes all day that I should have a Care-giver to help me. 

We shopped around for several weeks before we found the right person. We hired a 19 year old nurse named Lea, she had just finished nursing school and was unable to find a position in one of the many hospitals here in the Philippines. Lea mentioned that she was attempting to gain employment in either the United States or Canada, but she would be happy to take care of me till she was accepted in either country.

Lea is 5'5" tall and has a petite body, small breasts, spoke perfect English, and was 19 yeas old. During her first day Lea told me that her father was a seaman and her mother took care of her two brothers and another sister. She mentioned that she dose not have a boyfriend, didn't have the time because she spent all her time studying. She said that she had gone on a few dates but all the guys wanted was her body. I asked her if she was still a virgin, she hung her head and said yes and she wanted to stay that way until she got married. The subject of sex now opened, I told her that there were other ways to receive sexual satisfaction while waiting for Mr. Right.

She said that she knew of only one and that was oral sex, I laughed and told her, no there are more, she could make the guy perform orally, or she could surrender her ass. There was always the old stand by, "hand job" if she was not in the mood. We really got along. 

I told Lea that I had to visit the comfort room (CR) and that she would have to assist me since I'm unable to stand and walk without assistance. Lea became my support; upon reaching the CR I lowered my walking shorts and sat on the stool. Lea asked why I didn't wear briefs and I told her that I never liked them. After I finished my business I stood and she got a face cloth and began washing my hairless cock and balls. Needless to say the stimulation of her washing me caused my dick to rise up, she smiled and said she would take care of that. She told me to step out of my shorts and then took me in and laid me on the bed. 

Lea was very professional in her manipulations, wrapping her tiny hand around my dick and ever so slowly moving her hand up and down the shaft; I closed my eyes and lay there enjoying the sensations. The next thing I felt was her warm mouth slipping over the head of my cock. Lea was sucking my cock in such a manner that it felt like I was fucking a pussy, I was telling her how good it felt and as she sped up her up and down motions, I opened my eyes in time to see her body shudder as it would during climax. Lea had brought herself off while sucking my dick, now she was intent to make me cum; as I got close I told her that I was about to cum. Instead of pulling off she just sucked harder and that's when I let loose with my first shot, she kept sucking and I could see her throat move as she swallowed each shot of my cum as it entered her mouth. 

After I had climaxed and Lea had cleaned me up she got my shorts and assisted me on putting them on. She helped me into the dinning room where we sat and talked, I asked her if she trusted me, which she said yes, I told her to stand between me and the table, once she had accomplished this I commenced to unbutton her uniform. I slipped my hands around her and unfastened her bra and raised it up and started kissing and sucking her lovely breast. I then ask her to remove her panties and to sit on the table. She went to the CR and retrieved a towel which she placed on the table and then sat down. Since her legs would not reach the floor I placed both of them on my shoulders and started kissing her thighs on my way to her pussy.

Her pussy was beautiful, she had very little hair and she had a lovely fragrance coming from her pussy, I could not hold back any more; I touched the lips of her pussy with my tongue causing her to jump and squeeze my head with her legs. I spread her legs and really started working on that pussy; I was licking up all the juice just as fast as it came out. I changed my tactics, and raised her legs higher so I could get at her asshole. I told her to reach down and spread her ass cheeks so I could get closer. I removed my upper denture so I could go deeper inside her pussy and ass. 

As I was licking around her rosebud I could feel it start to open and allow my tongue to sneak inside. I left her asshole and proceeded to tongue up through her pussy lips to her most sensitive spot, her clit. She let out a soft moan and she started rising up her ass so I knew she was about to let loose and cum her brains out. I kept licking and sucking on her clit; I inserted a finger in her ass and that brought on her climax. Lea let out a low scream and started squirting, yes, she's one of those girls that when they cum they squirt and I drank it up as fast as I could, it tasted sweet and was hot. Afterwards I had her stand and I held her in my arms while she slowly calmed down.

Lea and I continued to enjoy each other every day that my wife had school. Several weeks later she talked with Marsha, my wife, telling her that she had been called to visit the Canadian Consular for a nursing exam and could her mother fill in for her. Marsha told Lea that it would be ok, and wished her luck on the exam. After Marsha left for class Lea came to me and helped me to the CR, after cleaning me she helped me to the bed and started playing, she ask if I would do her a very big favorer, would I be her first, would I take her cherry?. I said yes, and asked her to strip and climb up on the bed, place her hands on the wall and lower her pussy down to my face. 

I put my arms around her thighs so I could spread her pussy lips, as I was licking her pussy I started rubbing her clit, first tongue then finger, When I felt she was ready I had her slide down to where my cock was at the opening of her pussy, I asked if she was ready, and her reply was yes. I reached under her and proceeded to guide my dick inside her cunt, I told her to push down and when she did she would feel a little pain. 

She sat down on my dick and let out a little cry, I told her to remain still while she adjusted to that full feeling. Within a few minutes she started bouncing up and down on my dick telling me that it felt so good. I had her stop bouncing and sit straight up, I grabbed her hips and started moving her back and forth, I stuck my hand between us and was playing with her clit, once I touched her clit that was all it took, she soaked me with her cum. Lea placed her head on my chest and ever so slowly came down off her high. 

Once down, she cleaned us both up and then told me about her mother filling in for her for one day while she took the nursing exam. 

She said her mother was 37 years old and that her husband has been at sea for almost a year. Knowing the Filipina's as I do, I ask if she had told her mother about us, she said yes, but that it was ok. Lea came to work the next day with her mother introduced May to Marsha and me. She said her exam was being given on Monday so her mother would be here for me and she would be back on Tuesday.