 As a supervisor in a field office, the home office gave me quite a bit of responsibility in making personnel decisions regarding the twenty or so people that reported to me on a daily basis. I never let the responsibility for such things go to my head and I never used the little authority I had to bully any of my employees. I guess I shouldn't say never, though, since I probably abused my powers in this incident. 

 It happened on the last night of an out of town conference held at a convention center located just outside Philadelphia. I and three of my subordinates had attended the conference. The final meeting concluded at around six in the evening and we walked the short distance from the meeting venue back to our hotel. Once we got back to the hotel, we agreed to meet back in the lobby in a half hour, allowing time for everyone to go back to their rooms and get changed into something more comfortable before heading out to dinner. 

 At this point, I should probably tell you something about my traveling partners. Tim was a middle-aged guy who had been with the company for quite a few years now, but for some reason had not been able to reach any kind of management position. He was a nice guy and a good worker, but he didn't have the drive that upper level management thought was necessary to advance. 

 Laura was in her mid thirties and had just joined the company after completing her MBA. She had originally been a teacher, but gotten out of that and decided to try her hand in the business world. She seemed very smart and also quite driven; some might even argue to the point of being a bit scheming. 

 Then there was Cameron. She was no more than two or three years out of college, very smart and very attractive. She was probably five feet seven inches, with an athletic body, brown hair, and brown eyes. 

 At the appointed time, we met back in the lobby and headed out to eat at a nearby restaurant. While we waited for our food, we had a few drinks and sat around talking about work. I told them all that management had decided to create a new sales team and with that, a new supervisory position would be created. I encouraged them all to apply for the job, assuring each of them that they were all quite competitive and capable of doing well. 

 After dinner, we sat around talking about our families and life outside work. Around 10, we decided to head back to the hotel and call it a night since we had to catch an early train tomorrow. I said goodnight and headed up to my room, made sure everything was packed, and began to get undressed for bed. I had just taken off my shoes when I heard a soft knock at the door. 

 "Who is it?" I asked. 

 "It's Cameron," came a barely audible whisper. 

 "How can I help you?" I asked, opening the door. 

 "I'm really sorry to bother you and I know this is kinda awkward, but I wanted to talk to you about something you brought up tonight at dinner," she said nervously. 

 "Ok, well, come in," I invited, gently closing the door behind her. 

 "Well, I was thinking about what you were saying this evening. About advancing and putting in for promotions. Do you really think I have a chance to get this? After all, I've only been here for about a year." 

 "Look, you're very smart and you have a lot of common sense. Those are two great qualities to have if you want to advance," I reassured her. 

 "Thanks," she said, blushing a little. "But everyone else there has so much more experience." 

 "True," I said, "but there are ways around that." 

 "Like what?" she asked, somewhat innocently. 

 "I think you know," I replied, returning her smile. 

 "Could you be specific?" she asked. 

 "Sure," I said, gently taking her hand and brushing it against my cock that was beginning to form a bulge in my pants. "I know this is a personal question, but I'll ask it anyway. Do you like to suck cock?" 

 "Every now and then," she replied, blushing again. "My boyfriend says I do a good job." 

 "Well, that's good," I replied. "Tell you what, I'll be the judge of how good you do and the better you do, the better the chances of you getting that promotion. What do you think?" 

 "I don't know," she said hesitantly. "It doesn't seem right. You're married, I'm spoken for, and it just seems sleazy." 

 "It is sleazy," I said, "but you have to think of how much you want the job and the extra money that goes with it. I'm just asking you to suck my cock, not anything else." 

 She turned away for a moment in deep thought. By now my cock was extremely hard at the prospect of having this chick sucking on me and I began to ache with anticipation. 

 "You won't tell anyone about this?" she asked. 

 "Of course not," I replied. "I'd be in just as much trouble if not more than you would be. Both from the company and my wife." 

 Without a word, she knelt down in front of me, unzipped my pants, and pulled down my jeans and underwear, exposing my extremely hard cock. It was quite evident by her actions that she was both a bit ashamed, a little scared, and wanted to get this over quickly. She licked her lips, looked into my eyes, and then took my entire cock in her mouth. I had not been with another woman since marrying my wife almost seven years ago, so to feel a strange mouth on my cock was exhilarating. If I hadn't masturbated earlier in the day, she would've probably ended up with a mouthful of cum before she even got started. 

 "Oh yes," I said, "That feels fucking amazing. Now you remember, the better you do, the better your chances of promotion," I reminded her. 

 "I remember," she said, struggling to say the words with my cock in her mouth. 

 She began to slowly move her head up and down, pausing every now and then to swirl her soft tongue around the head of my cock. She stopped sucking and took her tongue and ran it from just below my balls to the tip of my cock, stopping there to lick off the precum that had collected. 

 "Keep sucking, you're doing great," I breathed. 

 She went back to sucking, taking my cock in her mouth till the tip hit the back of her throat, and then slowly letting it slide between her lips. 

 "Faster," I ordered. "Suck me faster." 

 She picked up her speed a little, but it still wasn't exactly what I was looking for. 

 "You need to suck me harder and faster if you want that job," I said.  "Come on, Cameron, I know you're a little slut. Suck me like one." 

 She paused for a moment as if she was going to say something, then resumed her head bobbing, still at an unsatisfactory pace. I waited a minute or so more to see if she would change the tempo, but when she didn't, I stopped her. 

 "Ok, I know how to fix this," I said. 

 "How?" she asked, sounding a little irritated. 

 "I'm going to put my cock back in your mouth and fuck your face. Your job is to keep your teeth covered." 

 "But," she started to protest, then said "Ok." 

 "Just remember," I said, "it's all for the job. If I had to make my decision right now, though, you wouldn't get it, so you need to improve a little." 

 I did as I said I would, sliding my cock back between those soft lips and started to thrust in and out of her mouth. Slowly at first, then gradually building speed. 

 "Oh yeah, that's much better. Much better you little slut," I said. 

 "Stop," she managed to say between thrusts. "Now I know what you want. Let me take over." 

 "Ok," I replied, "but remember, it has to be good or no promotion for Cameron." 

 "I remember," she said. 

 She again took my cock deep in her mouth and began sucking, swirling her tongue, and bobbing her head. This time, it was amazing. Just the right speed and the perfect amount of friction. 

 "That's my little cockhound. Now you've got it. Keep sucking me." 

 She moaned softly and wrapped her lips around the tip of my cock, gently sucking and making a positively delicious slurping noise. Then it was back to sucking and bobbing her head, sliding the length of my cock between those soft lips, the tip of my cock touching the back of her throat every now and then. This chick was a fast learner. She definitely wasn't as good as my wife, but not bad nonetheless. 

 "Oh yeah, keep sucking. Use those lips and tongue like the little office whore you are." 

 She began to increase her speed a bit more and I felt my orgasm beginning to build. 

 "You're going to make me cum," I breathed. "I wanna shoot my load in your pretty little mouth, Cameron." 

 She moaned in response, continuing to suck me. 

 "You're going to drink my cum, aren't you?" I asked. "If you don't, that'll take points off your promotion score," I reminded her. 

 "Of course I'm going to drink it," she replied, pausing for a moment before resuming her duties. 

 I was nearing orgasm now, my balls beginning to ache with anticipation. 

 "Yes, faster! Faster you little cunt! Make me cum! 

 I grabbed a handful of her soft brown hair, pulled her head forward and thrust my cock deep in her mouth. 

 "Drink me you little slut!" I shot my load and heard her gag, but she managed to regain her composure and swallowed every last bit of cum. 

 She stood up and smiled.

 "You'll be getting that promotion," I assured her. "Oh, and your boyfriend is right, you're very good at sucking cock." 

 "Thanks," she said, blushing again.