 Ron woke up when he felt a pair of warm lips around his cock. He hardened quickly, his erection rising faster than his brain could climb out of its alcohol-induced stupor.

"Where am I?" he thought. The floor on which he lay seemed to tilt and spin. Ron was drunk, and someone was giving him a blowjob. Someone who loved dick. Ron had been sucked lots of times and, to be frank, most women approached the task with the same enthusiasm they brought to doing their taxes. But there was nothing obligatory about this tonguing. Someone was tasting his cock, savoring its flavor and texture. His prick had never felt so welcome.

Struggling to raise his head (an act that made the room tilt even more), Ron saw the top of the head which was busily working his groin. He saw long, wavy black hair and beyond that a pair of smooth, slender shoulders. "Thanks goodness it's a chick," he thought. 

"You taste so fucking good tonight," she said, whoever she was. Ron knew that voice, but his brain couldn't be bothered to search his memory. She now had her lips pressed around the crown of his penis while her tongue polished its head and teased out precum.

The waves of hot pleasure this produced burned away some of the alcohol in Ron's head. He finally managed to sit up and ID his blowjob angel.

It was Kayla, his boss. "What the fuck?" thought Ron.

He also managed to place himself—he lay on the floor of Kayla's office. There was a party—yeah, an office party--going on somewhere nearby. Ron had overindulged. Rather than stumble around making an ass of himself in front of the whole company, he'd decided to rest on the floor of Kayla's office. She was the only one in their department who had an office with a door. 

Now why would Kayla give him a blowjob? They had a good working relationship, and she was friendly enough when they ran into each other outside the office. (Both being in their late twenties, they sometimes ended up at the same clubs.) Ron often found himself admiring Kayla's body--her long legs, smooth skin, small but perfect breasts... and her ass, which he could now see sticking proudly in the air as her head rose and fell over his slick and throbbing cock... 

But they had never flirted, or come onto each other. She was his boss, after all. Besides which, Kayla had a boyfriend, whose name Ron could never seem to recall. Jimmy or Jeffy or something. Joey? 

"Mmm," said Kayla. "Josh baby, I can't WAIT to get you inside me."

Josh! Suddenly, Ron remembered that, on the way to Kayla's office, he had stopped by the men's room and seen someone hugging the toilet, puking up large quantities of what smelled like gin. THAT was Josh. And from the look of him, he was going to be driving that porcelain bus for a while.

The vodka-soaked wheels in Ron's head turned slowly, and he put it together: everyone was drinking, Kayla and Josh agreed to rendezvous in her office for some closed-door fun, but "J-Man" (as he liked to call himself) got sick and never made it. Kayla entered, saw Ron lying down, and in the dim light thought he, Ron, was Josh. 

Ron tried to think through the implications. His boss... mistaken identity... blowjob... Would Kayla be angry when she found out? Ron guessed yes. Furthermore, their company had a strict "no fucking other employees" policy (they used the word "fraternization," but made the meaning clear enough). Ron concluded that if he didn't put a stop to this, he would probably lose his job.

Kayla had straightened up long enough to whip off her blouse and bra. Those small but perfect breasts, Ron discovered, came equipped with small but perfect nipples. She bent down and began rubbing his slick willie all over her chest. She put his dick between her breasts and squeezed them together, then moved up and down, jacking his cock with tits. The sweet sensation overcame him, and Ron lay back down again, his face toward the tiled ceiling.

"OK," thought Ron. "I'll tell her in a minute." As his cock rose up toward Kayla's face, she leaned over and flicked her tongue over the head. "Oh man..." he thought.

"Hurry up and take off your clothes!" said Kayla. She leaned back and began wiggling out of her pants, simultaneous kicking off her shoes. Without thinking, Ron unbuttoned his shirt and whipped it off. 

But he SHOULD think, he realized. Being the helpless victim of a sneak-attack blowjob was one thing. Now, he was moving into a whole new realm of complicity. 

"This is definitely going to get me fired," thought Ron, as Kayla yanked his trousers off of his legs and tossed them aside. She then reached for his shorts. Since his stiff member protruded out of the fly, she had to ease the top of the waistband over it--an act that stretched the elastic to its limit. Kayla, he notice, was now naked. 

Indecision percolated in Ron's head. He knew the right thing to do but... Kayla was freaking NAKED! And her body was even better than he had imagined. The gap between what he knew he should do and what actually transpired grew wider every second. 

Kayla turned and threw her leg over Ron so that she now straddled his chest, giving him a wonderful view of that sweet ass. She leaned over and once again took his cock in her mouth. She then straightened her back until her pussy hovered inches from Ron's face.

It had just the right amount of hair. Ron didn't like the current fashion of shaved pussy-he liked them trimmed but not bald. Like Kayla's. Ron could see her lips glistening with moisture. His mouth watered, but his brain noted this was the last chance to pull back from the precipice. Time to make a career choice: His job, or this hot piece of ass...

With sudden insight, Ron realized that he didn't like his job all that much. The work was repetitive, the pay mediocre, and his workmates either dull or stupid. Except Kayla. She was the one perk this job offered--time to take it.

Reaching up, Ron grabbed Kayla's buttocks and pulled her midsection down until her slathered slit made contact with his tongue and lips. She tasted, improbably, like cinnamon-spiced apple cider. Ron worked his tongue into the heated groove and ran it gently over her clit. Kayla moaned around a mouthful of his cock and began massaging his balls. 

Ron responded by running his tongue down to her hole and plunging it in, giving her a good, solid tongue-fuck. This must have surprised Kayla, because she stopped sucking him long enough to exclaim "OH GOD!" Ron swirled his tongue around the opening, and she responded by grinding her pelvis into his face. He smiled around a mouthful of pussy. He loved to give head, and found her reaction very satisfying. 

Without warning Kayla pulled away and scrambled off of him. She rested her head and chest on the floor while sticking her ass high in the air. She spread her legs--Ron saw glistening wetness not only on her pussy but on her inner thigh and ass. 

"Fuck me," she moaned.

"Oh boy," thought Ron. "No turning back now."

"Hurry UP! Fuck me!" Kayla demanded.

"You're the boss," thought Ron, chuckling out loud.

"What's so funny?" she demanded.

Ron didn't answer. He placed the tip of his cock at the opening of her cunt and moved it in. He meant to do it slowly, but the first sensation of her velvety walls embracing the head of his member overcame his restraint, and he drove in like a semi-truck.


Kayla cried out and pounded the floor with her fist. For a moment, Ron wondered if he had done something wrong. "Please tell me I didn't hit the wrong hole," he thought. But the way Kayla ground back against him indicated otherwise. She seemed to be trying to stuff every last bit of his cock into her hungry pussy.

"Oooo JOSH!" she grunted. "You're so BIG tonight! You've never felt this big!"

"Too bad for you, J-man," thought Ron.

Ron loved seeing Kayla give herself over so completely. Her professional persona was gone, replaced by a ferocious lust. Her capitulation increased his own passion--he drove into her mercilessly, and she clamped down on him like a vice. Every bump on his cock, every contour of her pussy caused an explosion of pleasure. Ron grabbed her hips to steady himself. It felt out of his hands, as though he were merely a passenger on a journey of insane speed and danger, his prick and her cunt controlling their motion in desperate effort to reach something...

Kayla reached it first, but just barely. Her body shivered, then tensed, while her fingernails scratched at the short fibers of the carpet. "A a a a aaaa!" she cried, sounding rather like a jungle bird. Meanwhile Ron's cock poured into her, draining him into the oven warmth of her loins. 

The two of them, out of breath, flopped over onto their sides without a bit of grace. Ron remained buried in her for awhile as they lay spooning. Slowly he became aware of sensations outside his groin--the carpet on his cheek, the coolness of the office air, the murmur from the conference room where the party was still going on. When enough blood had left his cock, the pressure of Kayla's vaginal walls became uncomfortable. With a tiny move of his hips he left her, and she whimpered.

The two of the rolled onto their backs and lay side by side. 

"Oh Josh!" Kayla breathed, contented.

"Actually," said Ron. "It's me."

"OH MY GOD! Ron?" Kayla looked at him wide-eyed, then rolled onto her side facing away from him, her face covered in her hands. "Shit shit shit shit SHIT!"

"Kayla?"

She said something too low and muffled for him to hear from under her hands.

"Kayla, are you OK?"

"No," she said. "I'm dying from embarrassment." 

"I'm sorry."

"What are you talking about? It's my fault. Damnit! This is what I get for not wearing my glasses." 

True, thought Ron.

"Wait a minute," she looked at him over her shoulder, "what were you doing on the floor of my office?"

"I had too much to drink."

"You and everybody else. I'll bet my idiot boyfriend passed out somewhere."

"Probably," said Ron.

Kayla rolled onto her back. "Please, please, please, don't tell anyone."

"I won't," said Ron. "Does this mean you're not going to fire me?"

"For what? I'm the one who came onto YOU. Technically, you could sue me for sexual harassment." Kayla paused. "You're not going to do that, are you?"

"No," said Ron. It hadn't even occurred to him. "But I should have maybe said something... you know. After you started..."

Kayla laughed. "Right! Like any straight guy is going to turn down sex."

Ron couldn't believe his luck--Kayla was letting him off the hook. He lay back, looking at the ceiling, feeling content and relaxed.

Kayla was also laying on her back, her embarrassment having given way to post-coital calm. 

"Who would have guessed," said Kayla, "that you were such a good fuck?"

"Thanks," said Ron. "You too."

"Thanks. For a stupid mistake, this worked out pretty good."

They chuckled together softly.

"What about Josh?" asked Ron.

"I'm going to kill Josh and dump his body in the river. Either that or break up with him. He's too stupid to date."

"I've always kind of thought that," said Ron, and they laughed again. Somehow, during the laugh, Kayla's hand ended up resting on Ron's leg. The contact sent an electric pulse straight to Ron's dick.

"Seriously," said Kayla, "You were very good."

"You too," said Ron. "Seriously."

"If upper management found out, we'd both be out of work."

"I know," said Ron. "They won't hear it from me."

Kayla's hand gently brushed the hair on Ron's leg. It moved back and forth, slowly drifting upward. Ron's hand found Kayla's left nipple; his fingertips circled it with a light, gentle motion. Kayla's breath came out as a small sigh.

Ron squeezed her breast. Kayla's hand brushed his balls then found its way to his cock, which was once again hard. 

"This is going to be trouble," said Kayla as she wrapped her fingers around his prick and began to jack him slowly. "Now we'll never be able to keep our hands off each other."

Ron pinched her nipples, and could feel them getting harder between his fingers. "I know. We'll be making out in the supply closet, in the stairwell..."

"On top of my desk," said Kayla. "Under my desk..."

Ron's hand cupped her mound; he felt wetness returning to her pussy.

"We won't be able to control ourselves," said Ron. "We'll get caught eventually, and they'll fire us."

Kayla sat up. Throwing a leg over his midsection, she sat astride Ron, facing him this time. Gripping his cock firmly, she guided the head to her pussy lips. She gently lowered himself down the length of his shaft, then breathed deeply.

"That's OK," said Kayla. "I don't really like my job."