 Here I was, a thirty-eight year old woman, no male companion in my life, no children and definitely nothing in the works. (Or so I thought) 

I had given up everything to get where I was. A successful career woman with an important job that paid 'big bucks'. I'm not complaining, by any means, but sometimes I wondered what it would be like being a stay at home mom, living in a nice little house in suburbia with two and a half children and a handsome hubby to take care of me.

My name is Marla and at thirty-eight I still had my youthful shape as most women that don't have any children. 36"-c's, 23" waist to 35" hips. My bottom is rather large, but I'm told it's just perfect. I stand 5' 8" and weigh in at 130 lbs. I have short sandy blonde hair and very large blue eyes. I have never had much trouble finding male partners when the need arises. 

Once, when I was out of town on business, the need arose. Being on the road can be very lonely sometimes and I just needed a man to cuddle with. I had eaten dinner alone and decided that tonight I would find someone to take away the boredom and relieve some of the stress that had been building up since the last time.

I went to my room after dinner and took a long hot shower. As the water caressed my body I could feel the excitement building with the anticipation of being with a man. After I showered I put on some sexy clothes that I had brought just for this occasion. I wore a black thong that undid at the side, a hot black lace demi-bra, strapless, and a short black, low-cut skirt that would rise above my crotch if I raised my arms.

I put on much too much make-up and wore my hair up. I looked in the mirror at the slut that I had become. Some lucky guy was going to get all that he could handle, maybe more.

As I walked into the little bar in the hotel I could feel all of the males checking me out. I looked around the bar to see if there was anyone of any interest. Most of the males were young enough to be my son, if I had one. 'I was not looking for a May-December kind of affair', I thought to myself. I was just about ready to give up and go elsewhere when I spotted an older gentleman sitting in the corner by himself. He was sipping his beer and occasionally he would sing along with the music to himself. He was late forties, salt & pepper hair, a cute little moustache and was in very good shape. 'Must work out,' I thought.

I sat at the bar and asked the bartender to send over what ever it was that he was drinking and ordered a Fuzzy Navel for myself. I watched as the waitress delivered my offering. He smiled a spectacular smile that made me melt and mouthed a thank you across the bar. He whispered something to the waitress and gave me a big wink. The waitress came over and said that the gentleman would be delighted if I joined him. I almost tripped getting off the bar stool in my haste to join him.

As I approached him he smiled that great smile and said, "Do you always buy strange men a drink?"

"Depends on how strange they are," I replied with a smile. I sat next to him allowing my skirt to rise up to the top of my thighs. "And just how strange are you?" I joked.

"That all depends on you," he said looking down at what I had shown him.

I could feel myself starting to get excited. I knew that I would have this man in my pussy tonight if I played my cards right. "My name is Marla," I said. "I don't usually do this sort of thing, but you caught my eye and I just figured that maybe...."

"I'm sure that you have little trouble finding male companionship," he said as he looked me up and down. "My name is Tom. Tom Cassidy. I just here on business for a few days."

We had a few drinks and talked and joked for most of the evening. It was amazing. It was like I had known him all of my life. He was handsome, a little older than what I was used to, but he had this great smile that made me smile back. It had turned out that he was also a guest at the hotel. It was almost closing time and Tom said he had a big day planned for tomorrow. He leaned over and gave me a quick kiss on the cheek as he started to leave. As I started to get up, I parted my legs and gave him an eyeful of my thong covered pussy. He hesitated as he stared at my crotch. I remained seated, with my legs in the most unladylike position, and took his hand in mine. "Must you go?" I questioned. "I don't want this night to end," I said as I spread my legs just a little more.

"Well, the bar is closing. Maybe you would like to go elsewhere?" he said without raising his eyes from my crotch.

"Your room or mine," I said with a giggle.

"Your choice," he said as he guided me out of the bar and into the elevator.

As the doors of the elevator closed Tom put his arms around me and kissed me like I have never been kissed before. He was so strong and yet so gentle. I felt so comfortable in his arms. I just melted. The doors of the elevator opened and Tom led me to his room. It was the same as mine. He asked me if I wanted a drink and got one for himself. He handed me my drink and sat next to me on the couch. I put down my drink and gave him a deep throat kiss and let my hand fall onto his lap. I could tell from the large lump that was forming in his pants that he was almost ready. As I fondled his massive cock through his pants, I could feel my pussy juices flowing.

"Better watch out, young lady," he cautioned as he stood up.

"Believe me, I am watching," I said as I also stood up and face him. I slowly undid his zipper and took out his manhood. It felt as smooth as silk, but as hard as steel and very large. 

Tom slowly undid the back of my dress and let it fall to the floor. He stood back and admired my wanting body which was only covered by my skimpy underwear. The thin strip of cloth on my thong was unable to contain my wetness and my juices flowed onto my inner thighs. With his right hand he reached around my back and released my breast from their confines. My nipples were hard and covered with goose bumps as his lips gently caressed them. He let his left hand dropped to my inner thighs as his fingers skillfully stroked the exposed pubic hair sodden from my juices. I could feel his cock throb in my hands as he pulled my panties over and felt my total wetness. He inserted one finger as his thumb found my clit. I couldn't keep my balance with my head spinning as it was so I pulled him onto the couch not letting go of his massive organ. 

I slightly lifted my butt and removed my wet panties, letting them drop to the floor. My scent filled the room. As Tom started kissing my ear he started to finger my hot pussy. I willingly opened my legs to allow him full access. His knob throbbed and a little pre-cum leaked the end of his swollen shaft. As he slid his third finger into me I started to meet his thrusts. I couldn't help but cum and cum I did. I swear I saw stars as I humped his hand. 'I wanted his cock', I thought.

"Tom! Tom! Please fuck me.....Please!" I screamed.

"Not just yet," he whispered as he slowly kissed each of my nipples. With his tongue he slowly worked his way down to my stomach and started licking my navel. My pussy was on fire as his tongue crossed my pubic hair and found my lower lips. He started to gently suck on my pussy lips as he greedily drank my honey. His hot tongue skillfully licked me to another earth shattering orgasm. 'Now,' I thought.

"Tom! I need you in me. NOW" I panted. I wasn't kidding. I craved it. I wanted him to fuck the ass off of me for as long as he possibly could, but I wanted now.

Tom quickly undressed and lifted me to the waiting bed. I felt like jelly as he raised my legs to his shoulder and rubbed his massive knob against my soaked pussy. I could feel my lips stretch as he started to enter me. He slowly squeezed his hard cock into my anxious tight hole. At first I felt a little pain from the enormous size of Tom, but soon that was replaced with sheer ecstasy of his fullness. As he pumped his hard member into my craving pussy, I could feel his balls slapping against my ass. My pussy tightened and again I saw stars as I came again. Tom just kept on pumping. Now with more force than before. I met his thrusts as my pussy enjoyed the assault. His pace quickened as I could feel myself starting to climax again. As I did, my nails dug into his back. "Oh God" I screamed. That must of put Tom over the edge as I could feel his cock throb in my vagina as he erupted. 'OH NO! He's not wearing a condom' I thought as we both collapsed in each others arms. 

Well that was nine months ago, almost to the day and here I am in the hospital becoming a mom. Tom and I were married four months ago and we bought a nice little house in the 'burbs'. Well, maybe things do work out, sometimes.