 It was just another morning in the Caribbean, May Louise sat out on the same deck she has done for over a week and a half now. It was near torture in this luxury, she was almost questioning marrying the cantankerous old miser Harold Cass despite his millions.

May thanked God he was past wanting sexual relations, and merely enjoyed having a beautiful blonde on his arm, beautiful natural breasts, shapely in all the ways that mattered, she had put on some weight since the marriage, but it was hot puppy fat, voluptuous and sexy, she enjoyed the boat assistants eying her up as they went about their daily business. 

All this boredom ceased to exist as morning matured into the midday, the sun made the sea shimmer and dance in hypnotising waves, it was almost a Sin how calming it was, but they never saw them coming. 

The boat hands were no challenge to a group of modern day Pirates who appeared out of nowhere, sneaking up by speedboat from their own vessel over a mile in the distance. May Louise huddled into herself as she watched the rough looking men jump aboard with an array of handguns and rifles, combating the boat hands, but soon enough the entire vessel was under their control. 

May clasped her ears as the Pirates fired into the air roaring in triumph, it also acted as a signal for the main vessel to approach. May felt invisible as they tied up the boat hands, leaving them sprawled out on the deck as they awaited the Captain to arrive. 

Roars of success serenaded the arrival of Captain Farrell, a tall man with a beautiful body, years of hard work and determination glistened off his muscular frame, his skin was baptised in sun, his makeshift Captain hat hanging unsteadily off his head of generous, silken, chestnut brown hair. May no longer felt invisible as he glanced on her near naked body, his eyes a mesmerizing blue, he took her by the arm and heaved her up to her feet. 

"She's mine," Farrell said as he marched her underneath despite the protests of Harold Cass. "Stay strong Sugarpop!" Cass wheezed before inhaling a massive dose of oxygen, much to the amusement of the Pirates. May always hated the word Sugarpop, the distaste of that nickname stuck in her thoughts as she was marched down below.

"The room of the old bastard where is it," Farrell demanded with an authority that couldn't be denied, she reluctantly took them to the luxurious suite dedicated to May and Harold. Farrell kicked the doors opened and flung her on the freshly made bed.

"You stay here sweetheart, if you move out of this room I'll fucking kill you," he said as he took off his Captain blazer which looked like something out of an old Pirate film, far too retro to be considered modern dress, and locked the doors. May couldn't help but notice the beauty of his body, nor could she deny the silver handgun tucked into his jeans, he removed it and disappeared into the bathroom. 

"A little young for him aren't you darling?" Captain Farrell asked in jest, completely knowing her intentions were for his money, even Harold Sass knew it but he didn't much care, any family relations he poisoned against him long ago, so the money had to go to someone. "What do you want from me?" May asked, she heard the jetting sound of the shower in full force, shuddering with fear and a distaste for the unknown. Throughout her life May Louise wanted for nothing, she was spoilt in many ways, this kind of unpredictability frightened her, it was far too new.

"Come in and wash me, do a good enough job and I won't rape you," Captain Farrell said laughing, his threat made her heart sank, it was her greatest fear, it was lurking in the back of her mind but now it was mentioned her anxiety was two fold.

"Come on, I've been roughhousing with those Grunts for weeks with a cup of mineral water and cloth a day, I want to be fucking cleansed, and you'll do it for me, now!" Farrell barked, she got to her feet and slowly made her way into the bathroom. 

May spied him in the shower, his back to her, standing under the powerful jets of water, his hands were pressed against the white tiles, moaning in pleasure at such a relaxing, soothing shower. 

"Take off your clothes, don't want you getting those strings wet now do you," Farrell told her with his back still to her, laughing to himself at the droll comment. May obeyed in silence, slinking off her bikini as quietly as she could. 

"Here," Farrell grunted as he slapped a bubble soaked towel over his shoulder, she took it slowly and began to rub his neck with it. Farrell moaned gently, and every moan made her all the more aroused, it was a terrible feeling to experience at this point in time, but it couldn't be helped. 

She squeezed more shower lotion into the cloth and rubbed over his back, feeling the bump of every muscle, muscles tightened and tense from weeks of seafaring. If there were any doubts to her arousal, they were banished as she knelt to his ass, the most perfect male ass she ever saw, or felt for that matter as the water glided down his body she gave her time to each cheek, hard as hell. May was almost glad she didn't know if she herself was wet or not in the hot confusion of the shower. 

"That's good, real good," he moaned, his voice was softer now, more relaxed and gentle, perhaps she was soothing the savage beast, one of them anyway.

"Now tend to this," Farrell said turning around, and May couldn't help but moan at the gigantic, throbbing, pulsating cock that was hard as stone, fully erect, almost pointing up, she could see the blood pumping through his veins, it ached just as much as she ached for it to be deep inside her. "Wash it, cleanse me," Farrell demanded as she looked up at him, his entire body glistening in water, droplets flowing down in gentle streams to meet the hilt of his massive dick, it wasn't just length and width, but it just had a certain look to it, a certain feel, it felt like silk wrapped lovingly over hard rock, it felt like it could fill her up, like it could fucking cripple her if she took it all.

May slid her hands down the shaft of his intense cock, forgetting the cloth and just generating bubbles and foam with gentle hand strokes, her fingers couldn't wrap around it completely, the feel of it contracting against her skin made her mouth drop open, bringing back the skin to his glorious fat head, red and glowing, steam was emanating from it. God by now she wanted it.

Farrell bent slightly, caressing his thumb over her soft red lips, before she began to suck on it all on her own, he then gently eased her mouth on it, she sucked on the head eagerly, feeling the head filling her mouth ever so tight. Captain Farrell gasped as she began to suckle on the head, it felt amazing, to feel his pre-cum gently easing down the back of her throat, sucking on it while stroking the shaft, she had to admit it took effort to stimulate it big as it was, using her arms to their full strength to stir the beast of a cock. 

Her gentle little mouth wasn't enough for it though, he brought May Louise to her feet and marched her naked out to the bed, pushing her hard so that her glorious, sleek and smooth ass rose to the air, a little chubby around the edges, but hot pink fat, the kind that glowed red when spanked. 

Captain Farrell sucked on this thumb as he watched her ass raised for him to dominate, he licked around his thumb generously, until his saliva dripped down his hand. May couldn't help but whimper when he placed his thumb on her tight little asshole, as much as she masturbated to pass the time she never touched her behind, the sense of virgin violation soaked her cunt as his thumb pressed in harder, until it sank inside her, coaxing her aching cunny to drip with anticipation. 

"This is what a real cock tastes like Blondie," Captain Farrell said pressing his giant head against her soaking lips, she was buzzing with fear, nervousness and sheer fucking delight, she wanted to be tamed and fucked to exhaustion. 

May screamed, a shrill scream she couldn't control as he thrust his cock steadily but surely inside her, it crammed inside her little pussy, stretching her already soaking vagina to the limit, all the way to the line between pain and pleasure. 

"It hurts!" May screamed, over and over again, each thrust was met with a scream, more a shock than out of pain to have something so foreign, so massive penetrating her gentle little body. "Hold out, it'll be okay," he said moaning each word, his voice seemed more gentle now that his cock was being satisfied, she began to trust in what he said as he pounded her hole, all the way up to the hilt of his dick. It wasn't long, now each thrust was an earthquake of pleasure, each time she felt his fat big dick head smashing into her she wanted it harder, she wanted to be fucking raped, or fucked, violated and hammered by this beautiful man. 

May couldn't and didn't want to help her moans of pleasure, the silken long pole glided against her protruded clit, an over bearing sense of pleasure, it was too much for her, she could feel that spark inside her, building up, spreading through her arms and legs, compacting and becoming uncontrollable until her orgasm erupted. 

The darling May Louise cried out as she came like she never did before, every orgasm she ever had felt like a rehearsal for this motherfucker of an orgasm, a cataclysm of pleasure broke her down to a little girl, with no inhibitions, she just wanted more and more.

Captain Farrell was more considerate than she thought, realising she came he slowed and laid off her hypersensitive clit, taking his cock out and dripping in her juices. May laid on the bed as she came down from her orgasm and he knelt over her, cupping a ring with his fingers at the base of his dick and pulling it up, gathering the juices to drip the wet into her mouth.

She opened her mouth, moaning with her eyes closed as drops from her cunt fell in her mouth and on her lips, she gazed for a moment at his swelling red cock, she felt almost sorry for it, it hadn't come yet but by now she had other intentions. 

"Wait," May said grabbing his dick.

"Bring it to the bathroom, I'm not done with it yet," she said, he followed her in as she turned on both taps, two cold jets of water greeted his steaming hot dick. "Just relax," she said rubbing in gentle circles just below his muscle tightened stomach.

"I don't want you to come yet, but I promise it'll be good okay?" May said, he remained silent, focusing on keeping his massive load of cum inside for now, part of him wanted to just fuck her hard and escape a free man, but he felt something for her now, something different and new, was it love? He never imagined falling in love with a vixen like this, her shapely curves were comforting, that kind of chubby yet voluptuous body made him shudder with lust. 

That thought was banished however, when he felt the cold steel of his gun greet the base of his back. 

"Turn off the taps," May said, standing a few feet behind him now as they walked back into the bedroom. 

"You horny bastard, you thought you could just claim my cunt and run away?" May asked, she pushed with all her might to get him on the bed, he laid there naked, wondering what to do. "That was the plan," he said confidently, looking at her with an arrogant smile.

"You won't fire that gun, I doubt you even know how," Captain Farrell laughed as he sat up on the bed. "Growing up on a farm will teach you a few things sweetie," May cocked the gun and fired a round, shattering a porcelain vase near the bed, but nearer to Captain Farrell's head, the smile was wiped from his face. 

"My men will be here in seconds, and you'll be dead before you can get another round off," Farrell said, bracing himself for a skirmish if his crew mates forced the door in.

"That would be a shame, wouldn't it, considering what I have in store for you. I did tell you I'd make it good didn't I?" May purred, immediately after the pirates were bashing on the door. 

"Everything okay Sir?" A mate asked, his voice muffled from behind the door. Captain Farrell gazed at May standing confidently with the gun motionless in her aim, he'd be dead if they burst in, he knew it, she knew it. "It's fine, fuck off," Captain Farrell said, May smiled when she saw his beast of a cock rising again, a renewed lust that took him by surprise. 

"Turn around handsome," she said and he obeyed almost immediately.

"You touched upon my virgin asshole, now I'll do the same, who will be raping who honey?" May asked as she disappeared for a moment in her closet. Farrell knew she was smart and any sound of him getting up would result in a bullet. "While I began my life story about my life growing up on a farm, as well as my guns I also loved my horses, being able to ride freely with the wind in my hair made me forget about almost anything," May said producing a horse whip, long and black with her name engraved at the base. 

"I got this for my 16th birthday and I adore it," she said waving it to and fro, before smacking it hard off the bed. "It was a symbol I was grown, and I could handle the big ones, the Stallions, and now you."

"You can't tame me bitch," Captain Farrell hissed, but there was a faint undertone of doubt in his voice, the first she heard him insecure in any way.

"Up, get your ass up in the air," May demanded, he obeyed in silence and as soon as she found his height adequate she thwacked the horse whip off his tight behind, he grunted in pain, a sharp pain that once eased gave him an odd sense of pleasure. 

"Now some Stallions can be trouble, they're too proud, too eager to show their dominance and have to be tamed, just like you," May said whacking him again, giving him no time to recover and whipping his stone hard ass again and again, until lines of red, hurt skin was traced all over his ass, it had become red and sore. 

May was almost disappointed he didn't shout as much as he did, but that'll soon change. 

"I have something else for you now honey, but don't move... or I can change your entire outlook on life with a squeeze of this trigger." May said as she gently eased the pistol into his balls, they were big, and slumped over the steel as she pushed them inwards. 

"Just do it and get it over with, teach me a lesson," Captain Farrell mocked, which only amused her, considering what was going to happen to him. 

"W-what are you doing?" Farrell asked as she felt her fingers rubbing on his asshole, it was curved and tight as she generously applied lubricant all over. "Taming you honey," May said while rubbing lube on a nice big dildo which she used for herself, just one out of her vast collection of things to help her pass the time on this boring cruises, better than slumming in the streets she supposed. 

"Pucker up baby," May said as she laid the tip of the dildo on his asshole and slid it inside him. Farrell grunted, trying to take such a penetrating act like a man but it was difficult, thank God for the lubricant was all he was thinking throughout this ominous ordeal.

May giggled as she sighted his cock hanging down but hard as hell, it looked like a water balloon that was being filled up far too much and ready to explode, he was enjoying it.

"Awh you like that baby?" May mocked as she fucked his ass with the dildo while milking his cock with the other hand, it was an effort at first but she soon got a nice rhythm.

"Oh god... if you tell my Men I'm enjoying this I'll kill you myself," Farrell whimpered as she brought him to the brink of orgasm.

"Shut up, you're only tamed, now you have to do what I say," she said, she was overcome with horniness, her pussy was soaking the ground as she stimulated him and left for a moment with the dildo stuck into his asshole. 

"This was my favourite heirloom when I left my life for the big city," May said revealing a sleek black leather horse saddle, also engraved with her name, she slapped it on his back and yanked out the dildo. "Strap yourself up and get on all fours Stallion," she said, standing back against the wall as she slid her hands over her clit, giving herself some pleasure as she got ready, rubbing the gun against her skin, her object of power, to make this tremendous force of a man do her bidding. 

Her pussy ached when she watched him get on his hands and knees, she straddled him, grabbing on the saddle and moving her pussy up and down the seat, enjoying the friction as the gun laid pressed against the back of Captain Farrell's neck. In taking the whip that laid on the bed she got him moving. "Go horsey!" May giggled as she let a whip off his backside, he grunted in anger as he began to move around the room in circles, the more she whacked and insulted the angrier he got.

"Come on horsey, make me horsey sounds or I'll tell your friends I fucked you up the ass like a bitch!" May laughed, lifting her feet off the ground as he picked up the pace, she thwacked his ass more and more, rubbing the whip up and down the crack of his ass. 

"That's enough horsey," May said, getting off and laying back on the bed. "Anything else?" Captain Farrell asked through gritted teeth as he stood, unclipping the saddle to fall back on the ground.

"Just one more thing sugar," May said unloading the gun and throwing the magazine away before ejecting the chamber bullet. May spread her legs, revealing her fully turned on pussy, dilated through lust, her legs wide and waiting for another taste of that dick, a clit glowing and fully shown, wanting to be fucked and licked and sucked. 

"Fuck me," she whimpered seductively. 

Captain Farrell was like a wild animal, charging at her with a fury unknown to him, angered by his sexual humiliation at the hands of this girl, he'd show her what a fuck was.

Farrell roared like a demon as he speared her cunt, harder and faster and more intense than he ever did before, she screamed with pain and pleasure as he fucked, deeper and harder, harder and harder, like a fucking jackhammer was unleashed in her pussy. 

The Captain withdrew his cock and turned her over, getting down and biting her asshole hard, she squealed before he began spanking her, taking the whip and crashing it against her big pink ass, slapping her cunt with his bare hands, rubbing it hard, fingering it, fucking it. 

"You want to be fucked huh baby?" Captain Farrell asked as he stroked a handful of lube over his cock. May closed her eyes, she knew he would but she was still scared, but it glided into her ass with the lube, he attacked her puffy little asshole furiously. 

"Oh god yes, I'm coming you little bitch, I'm coming." Captain Farrell said, the friction was amazing, she closed her eyes and waited for it with excitement, never having someone cum in her ass she was curious how it felt. 

"I need to baptise you like all my other girls," Farrell said removing his cock from her ass, getting her up sitting. 

"Taste yourself sweetheart," Captain said as he shoved his cock in her mouth, it tasted different this time but not in an all bad way, more intimate, the collection of smells and textures on his cock, he fucked her mouth while she stroked faster and faster until she was close to collapse and then it happened. 

Captain Farrell roared as his big fat cock erupted in an almost endless torrent of cum, it splashed off the back of her throat filling her mouth quickly, she laid back with her mouthful and swallowed, he stroked his cock furiously as jets of cum streamed out over her skin, her neck, her tits, her stomach, her cunt and legs.

The Captain breached the pain barrier as ribbons of cum drenched her, he whimpered with his eyes closed, gripping on to the wooden corner beams at the end of the bed. 

As Farrell came down she rubbed her little pink feet over his cock, massaging his dick and balls as she licked the cum around her lips and sucking the cum that graced her breasts from her fingers, he took her hand and gently brought her back up to hug and caress, naked and wrapped against the skin and juices of each other.
