 Previously on Lost (ha ha!): Flying to the Caribbean to watch part of the England cricket tour of the West Indies I had entered into conversation with my seated partner, Julie. Chaperoning her much younger sister Sara, elsewhere in the plane, the unhappily married woman was not so interested in the sport but more in getting time away from her errant husband, and intent upon visiting a previous lover on an adjoining island. 

Meantime, Sara, although making it obvious she was interested in me, had hitched up with a married couple, so I had invited the attractive Julie to dinner on our first night in the hope that things might develop sexually between us. Our conversation on the flight out had been of a highly erotic nature.

We had arranged to meet in reception. 

2. Dinner for Two

After checking in and agreeing a time to meet, we had looked around for Julie's sister. There was no sign, we'd both laughingly assumed she had accompanied the married couple to their own hotel.

With time to lose, I partially unpacked, changed into shorts and a white tee shirt (England Cricket logo of course!) and headed downstairs to explore the hotel and its beach. 

Although I had frequented Barbados on many occasions, both as Naval Officer and as a tourist, this was my first stay on the popular south coast. My tour ended at the bar with a welcome glass of Banks, the award-winning local beverage. Immediately, I was amused, and indeed a little envious, when I spotted Sara sat with the couple she had apparently seduced on the plane. Also in their early twenties, they were both incredibly attractive and, from their body movements, it was clear that their conversation was of a highly intimate nature, the woman's hand resting at a very intimate position high on Sara's thigh. I would have given a few dollars to be a fly on their bedroom wall this coming night. 

The young man had his eyes glues to Sara's breasts, now even more revealed than they were on the plane. I didn't blame him! Sara caught my eye and grinned. I gave her the thumbs-up.

At 7:29 prompt I phoned Julie's room from the bar, hoping for an invitation to her room.

"Hi Tom, nearly ready, see you in reception, five minutes." I sighed, the evening was young.

I had changed into black chinos and red short-sleeved shirt, my bare feet covered by a pair of suede sneakers. If I thought for a moment I was overdressed I was to be proved wrong when my date arrived. Julie had tied her hair back in twin ponytails accentuating her swan-like neck. A floral deep-cut blouse emphasised her ample breasts and her slim thighs were fully covered with a bright yellow pleated skirt. She too was barefoot in a pair of leather sandals.

She kissed me on the cheek, "So, Tom, where is this Daphne place?"

I kissed her back, a little longer and closer to the lips than was truly polite, but she raised no objection, "I have a taxi waiting, come on, I will show you. It's about twenty minutes away."

We entered the frantically busy Bridgetown, passing by the replica of Nelson's Monument and the old harbour. Barbados, more than any other Caribbean island has retained a huge amount of its British heritage. No wonder BA and Virgin have full flights there every day of the week. In silence, Julie stared goggle-eyed as we passed beach after beach, the breaking waves glittering silver in the soft moonlight.

Daphne's lies on the west coast near to the famous Sandy Lane Hotel and specializes, as per its parent restaurant back home, in scrumptious Italian food. The stunningly sexy Barbadian girl on reception asked for my name.

"Sorry sir, I can't find any Graham, and we are fully booked tonight."

After admiring the stunning venue and gazing at the menu on the wall, Julie looked downcast. 

"Will you check again please? I booked several weeks ago."

Julie glanced at me in surprise but the receptionist looked relieved, "That explains it sir, you will be in the other book. Ah, here it is, Table 7 by the water. It's not quite ready, would you like to wait in the bar?"

"Do you like lager?" I asked Julie when we sank together into a huge sofa in amongst the indoor palms.

"Yes please," she replied, fanning her face with the menu, wafting Chloe in my face, "I'm so hot."

I laughed, "I knew that the moment I first saw you!"

She punched me lightly in the ribs and I ordered two Banks from the waiter.

"Cheers." We tapped glasses. "Here's to…" I paused, raising my eyebrows.

"Whatever," she replied.

"…Frustrated married women?"

She giggled, "Stop it, Tom."

"So Julie, what made you change your mind about coming out tonight?"

"Well," she took a long gulp of the ice-cold golden liquid, "Mmm, this is good! Is there nothing that's not perfect on this island?"

"Including present company, I doubt it! So why then?" 

Julie toyed with the condensation on her glass, "It was obvious that Sara was going to be gone all night and, although I do like my own space, I didn't fancy being on my own in a strange hotel. So here I am. Oh yes, and another thing, I liked the way you didn't persist. Well, not too much anyway."

"Thank you."

"On top of that, I have always been a little jealous of my sister."

"Why she should have all the fun?"

"Exactly." Little Tom, until now dormant in my pants, wondered how much fun she was considering.

The waiter escorted us to our table, perched right at the edge of the beach, the waves breaking barely an arm's length away, a welcome cooling mist of spray in the air.

"Now you know why I booked early," She thrust her breasts forward as I took her jacket and hung it over her chair.

"So who did you plan to bring here before you met me then?" she asked with a sly look, smoothing down her blouse.

"Nobody in particular," I grinned, my eyes focused on her newly exposed cleavage, "But I was a boy scout once."

"Always be prepared," she quoted softly. "By the way, my eyes are up here!"

I looked up at her face, her expression was innocent and vulnerable.

"We shouldn't be doing this, Tom, but I intend to enjoy this evening."

"To hell with your husband for a few hours?"

"Fuck my husband. Don't even mention him tonight."

"We'll let that Aleysha do that shall we?" I smiled. "She sounds Asian."

"She is. Nepalese apparently, and sickeningly gorgeous. I can see why James fell for her. Bitch!"

Julie gazed out at the beach and the crescent moon hanging on its back, "This is heaven, Tom, thank you so much. Do you know, in eight years of marriage James has never done this?"

I stared over my wine glass in amazement, "What, never taken you out to dinner?"

"Oh, he's done that, silly, those were good times because he usually had carnal intentions in mind. I meant somewhere romantic and tropical like this."

Julie looked out to sea, her eyes had misted over with tears. I reached across the table and took her hand.

"Julie, perhaps over the next few days I can show you more of what you have been missing?"

She smiled and lightly stroked the back of my hand, "That would be nice, Tom. But no bed bits…"

She stared at me for a long silent moment, her breasts heaving, "… not yet anyway."

"That's okay, and who said anything about a bed, there's always the beach!" I nodded towards the inviting sands.

She quickly withdrew her hand and broke her pretty face into a frown, "Hey mister, I have no intention of sleeping with you tonight."

I looked into her eyes, "Julie, there is nothing more I want from this evening than to enjoy your company, I had no intention of asking that question."

She sighed, "Thank you Tom, I just didn't want you to get the wrong impression, that's all."

"There was nothing further from my mind," I lied. In truth I desperately wanted to fuck this gorgeous woman!

"Besides," I grinned, "We have eleven more nights, and if after that you don't fancy me I shall have to revise my seduction technique!"

"Deal!"

"And if you must know, sleeping was the last thing on my mind, the evening is too beautiful for that!"

She had to agree, the delicious Californian Chablis, the moonlit sea, the hiss of the waves on the sand and the tropical air made for the most romantic occasion. Most women I knew would shed their knickers in a flash for this scenario. I should know, several had!

"I didn't say I didn't fancy you, Tom. It's just that I'm married. I don't have the type of relationship that you had with your girl friend Rachel."

"I understand, but I will tell you this. I have no intention of looking for any other women on this holiday, not even if your sister jumps on me!" In less than 24 hours that prophecy turned out to be false!

"That's sweet, but please don't hold back on my behalf, you have seeds to sow, you should go sow them."

"Talking of Sara, have you spoken to her?"

"Nope. She went off with that couple, luggage and all. I don't mind, I have the room all to myself now." 

Not for long, I hoped! "I saw her canoodling in the bar with them."

"Oh, so that couple must be staying at the same hotel as us then?"

"I guess so." At least someone would be getting some nookie in the building!

"If their room is anything like mine, three of them will be awfully cramped. What's yours like, Tom?"

"Not bad. Got a balcony facing the sea. Show you later if you like!"

"Yeah, sure!"

"I paid extra for a deluxe studio, it has an extra sofa bed."

"And now knowing your amorous intentions why on earth would you want a spare bed?"

I replied in a flash, "For you of course! Just in case your sister returned, with or without escort, and you could no longer stand her company."

"You think of everything don't you!"

"Of course I do. Oh, and I forgot, the main bed is wider in the deluxe rooms."

"Oh silly me, why didn't I think of that!"

We had finished our starter of flying fish on a bed of warm salad and I ordered a second bottle of wine. I toasted her with the remains of the first one.

"To this evening, Julie, thank you for being here. The most pleasant way to end a long journey. Well, almost." I added with a wink.

She giggled, the wine slowly making nonsense of her marital vows, "I am enjoying this too, you know."

"I have something important to say to you and please don't get me wrong." 

"Go on then, I bet it's something to do with sex."

I laughed, "We men are so misjudged!"

"And quite rightly so."

"What I was going to say was, in the very remote chance that sometime on this trip you should want some horizontal company, I will be thrilled to oblige. And it wouldn't be a one-night stand either."

"That's very kind of you, Tom," she giggled, "How do you know I don't like it standing up?" Now the wine was really talking! Beneath the table my cock hardened at the memory of the stand up sex in the shower with my wealthy client Kamile (Read The Turk)

"Your favourite position I would assume?"

She laughed, "Wouldn't you just like to know, mister! But all distant memories I'm afraid. Since we are on the subject, what's the most romantic place you ever made love?"

I thought for a moment and then remembered that horny evening on an island not far from here, "Two years ago on Young Island. She was called Susan, we had sex in a hammock in the moonlight on the beach."

"Oh God, that sounds so beautiful, I have never done anything like that."

I grinned and nodded my head pointedly beyond the lights of the restaurant. "I can supply the beach, but not the hammocks I'm afraid."

"Stop it Tom, don't you ever give up?"

"Wouldn't you be less flattered if I didn't try?"

She sighed and shook her head, "You know the answer to that."

"So, your turn."

 

"What?"

"The most romantic place you've had sex?"

The wine refill had arrived and she took a long gulp, "That's easy. Bottom of a rowing boat in Minorca."

"That's cool. Out to sea of course?" 

She nodded.

"Wasn't that a bit uncomfortable?"

"I didn't care, he was a new boyfriend and we were both as horny as hell. He kept me out there for hours."

"I don't blame him, I wonder if anyone saw the boat rocking?"

Julie laughed, "We wondered that, but it was nearly dark when we returned the boat."

Our main course arrived, hers was lamb linguine, mine a modest crab risotto. For a while we munched in silence at the delightful food, a complete contrast to our last meal courtesy of Virgin Atlantic. Sex however was still on the agenda when Julie enquired of me the naughtiest moment in my life so far. For that one I had to think, there had been so many! 

Chewing on her lamb, she questioned my eyes, "Well?"

"Umm, too may to think of."

"Big head! I only want one."

"All right. How about when I was in my late teens? Me and my best mate were in Ibiza making love with a pair of girls."

"What's so special about that?" She peered out to sea as if trying to recollect a distant memory herself, "Even I got pulled in Ibiza, it wasn't you was it?"

"No," I laughed, "They weren't as sexy as you."

Julie giggled and took a long sip of her wine, "So what was so naughty about two guys picking up two girls and shagging them? If I remember rightly, sex was obligatory on that island."

I leaned forward to whisper, my mouth half full of rice, "We were all in the same bed!"

"Fuck!" A few heads turned, she had spoken a little too loudly. I waved my fork at the people in apology.

"Fuck, Tom," she repeated, this time in a whisper, "That's always been one of my fantasies. I know my sister has done that. I suppose you will now tell me that you swapped partners too?"

I nodded, grinning.

"Wow, you did have an adventurous youth."

"Nothing compared with Christmas before last."

"Ooh, do tell me!"

Much as I wanted to share with her that marvellous night when three of my girlfriends, past and present, joined me in my bed, I shook my head.

"Why not?"

"Because it will get you horny and want to drag me off to your bed, and you are not ready for me. Yet," I added.

She ignored my remark, "Please? I promise I'll tell you the naughtiest thing I ever did."

"All right, tell me yours first and then I will decide."

We had finished our large meal and waved the sweet trolley away, requesting just coffee.

"Let's go over there, Tom." She pointed to a little wooden balcony overlooking the sea, and away from the bright restaurant lights. 

The moment seemed right to place my arm around her and she reciprocated, cuddling in close. The fine spray created an ethereal effect in her hair. "This is nice, Tom. Cuddling isn't cheating is it?"

I kissed her long neck, remembering how she had responded to the same intimate touch in the plane, this time she groaned in appreciation. "There are lots of things I can think of which wouldn't be considered as cheating."

"Oh? Such as?"

"Not saying, I'll to leave that to your imagination."

"Well," she giggled, her hand investigating the skin under my shirt-front, "I know that fucking and oral sex are taboo, so what else do you have in mind, mister architect?"

"You will have to wait and see, but how about a kiss for starters?"

Full of desire, her eyes locked on mine as I pulled her face to mine. For a moment she hesitated, unsure, and I felt her shiver in my arms.

Then her eyes misted over and our lips melted together. Although it was a soft moist kiss without tongues, the sensation of our first intimate contact was like an electric shock to us both. It was a kiss with the sure knowledge there was, sooner or later, to be more. Much more.

She drew away, breathing heavily, her breasts heaving below her floral blouse, "You are a charmer Mr. Graham, I knew you would be dangerous as soon as I sat down in that plane."

"It takes two to tango," I replied, "Now, tell me about that naughtiest moment."

"Okay, it was embarrassing too, promise not to laugh?"

I continued to hold her close, both of us still tingling from that first kiss. I was of course by now fully erect, but we were huddled together side-on, so she wouldn't be aware of it, only the fish could see the bulge! "I promise."

She waited as the waitress brought our coffee and looked around to make sure no-one could overhear, speaking softly out to the sea. We needn't have worried, with the noise of the surf it was all I could do to discern her words. I leaned closer in, her breath warm on my ear.

"When I was at college in Peterborough, we had a psychology tutor called Ramon. He was from Eastern Europe somewhere, very tall and a total hunk! One day he came into class in tight jeans and a t-shirt and his, you know, bulge was clear for all to see. He loved showing off."

"How old was he?"

"Oh, I don't know, about you age I guess. That was irrelevant, I was only eighteen at the time."

She paused, irritated as another couple decided to share the sea view, then continued with her mouth to my ear, her lips tantalisingly close. "The lecture was boring, it was a hot day, I hadn't had sex in ages and I was as horny as hell, so I started to fantasise."

"What about?"

"His bulge, silly."

"Okay." My own protrusion was creating some discomfort, and I tried to make a discreet attempt at adjusting it, without success. 

"Just like the one you are now struggling with!"

"Maybe," I laughed, trying not to look too embarrassed, "Go on, what happened?"

"I'm not sure I should be telling you this, but you did promise to share yours."

I turned her head to mine again and this time traced the tip of my tongue along her lips. Her mouth opened slowly and drew it in, meeting it with the tip of hers in an exquisite moment of extreme intimacy. My cock lurched in my pants. I now knew that sooner rather than later I was going to fuck this delicious creature, despite the fact that she belonged to someone else.

Drawing back, she continued, her voice husky with clear desire for more, "I was seated at the back of my class and wearing a short skirt and loose knickers, and it was a hot day, get the picture?"

I rested my erection hard against the railings, I would have preferred it to be pressed against something warm and yielding!. "Oh yes, I get the picture, absolutely!" I discreetly caressed the side of one breast, "You were having a little play?"

For a moment she studied my hand, clearly at ease with the intimate contact, then turned sharply to face me, "Yes," she hissed, "Does that shock you? I know you did it in your office, but I was a girl, we are not supposed to do things like that, certainly not in public."

"It doesn't shock me at all. I know a woman called Sophie who, in her teens, gave her boyfriend a blowjob at the back of class, with the whole back row watching!"

"God, I couldn't do that, it was naughty enough just touching myself!"

"So did this teacher catch you then? Was that the embarrassing bit?"

"No it wasn't, I didn't mind that, I half hoped he would know what I was doing because, like all the other girls I had the hots for him, and wanted to get in there first. It's what happened afterwards that was so ashaming."

I stared with eager eyes, it was always good to hear other people's sexual experiences, "So what happened?"

"I was so concentrating on what I was doing between my legs that I had my eyes half closed and didn't see Ramon approach my desk."

Sipping the remainder of my coffee and, trying not to display my erection, I took Julie's empty cup and placed both on a nearby table. We returned to our position facing the sea, arms around each other's waist, "This is getting interesting, Julie, go on. You realise you are turning me on?"

She laughed softly. "Is there anything about sex that doesn't turn you on?"

"Not found it yet," I whispered, "But still looking! Go on, anyway."

"Okay. You have to remember I was sitting down, one hand out of sight and his thingy was inches from my face. He asked me if I was bored with the lecture and did he need to do something to liven it up for me?" 
