 Previously: Flying to the Caribbean to watch part of the England cricket tour of the West Indies I had met a married woman called Julie, and her twenty year old sister Sara. After a romantic dinner I charmed my way into Julie's bed, joined the following morning by her promiscuous sister. The teenage maid Simone, changing the towels, had silently watched the erotic proceedings.

Following the long flight and only two hours of sleep and many more of sex, Julie had requested Sara and I leave her to rest. Eager to satiate the lust for each other, the younger sister and I readily agreed and headed off to my room. It was still only mid-morning of our first full day at the Barbados resort. 

5. Sara

"Do you and your sister have sex together a lot?" I asked as we made our way down the corridor, "She never said anything to me about being bisexual." 

Sara shook her head, "She's not really. That was the first time since our teens that we have kissed like that, so you were very privileged just now. We've never had oral sex, we just used to kiss and finger until we came. She is not into pussy like I am."

We passed a couple in the corridor who gave us a curious glance. When I looked down I could see why, my erection was not too well concealed. I looked back over my shoulder and the woman did the same. We both grinned, the intentions of Sara and I were patently obvious!

"So have you been with many girls?" A typical male thirst for knowledge!

"A few, I have a regular girlfriend Linda back home" she laughed, "She's madder than I am! But just at this moment I want cock. Yours please."

With that, as we approached my room, she grabbed hold of the tent in my pants. In return I slipped my hand under her tee shirt and fondled her smooth round ass. She pointed ahead, counting down the room numbers.

"Tom, isn't that your room, with the trolley outside?"

"Yes, why?"

"The door's open."

What was inside that door was far more interesting. The breast called Simone was on her knees doing something important to my bathroom floor. Her skirt had risen over the top of her dark thighs, displaying a bright yellow strip of cotton covering her crotch, the crease of her pussy clearly outlined. And I swear I could perceive a narrow dampness. 

We stood still in the doorway, caressing each other and admiring the view, both of us instantly lusting after this young woman.

"Now that's a sight for sore eyes," Sara breathed lightly in my ear, rubbing my erection through my pants.

"More like a sight for a hard cock," I whispered back.

"You ever had black pussy, Tom?"

I shook my head, both of us still rooted to the spot "You?"

"No, but if they are all like this, I wouldn't mind!"

My fingers found Sara's wet pussy lips from the rear. I inserted one. Deeply. She was soaking wet, so ready for some cock. My cock.

For a few more seconds we watched the maid's ass wobble invitingly as she cleaned the floor, the yellow g-string straining at her crotch. Sara inadvertently moaned as I inserted two more fingers into her soaking love canal and, with a start, Simone turned around and gasped at the semi-erotic display in the doorway. Sara was grasping the very visible lump in my pants, and me with my hand out of sight under her tee shirt. Still kneeling, the maid quickly collected her wits.

"Oh, I'm sorry, do you want to use the room?" She nodded knowingly towards the bedroom, Sara's hand on my cock clearly stated our lustful intentions.

"Yes please," I replied, "But there's no rush, carry on with what you were doing." The view was too good to spoil.

"Yes there is," whispered Sara fiercely into my ear. "I want to fuck! Like now!"

"No problem, I have finished anyway." Simone grinned and made to stand up but one foot slipped on the wet floor. Sara grabbed her hand to steady her. Still holding on, she stared into her face, their eyes locking in acknowledgement of their mutual bisexuality. If I wasn't present I am sure they would headed straight for the bed. 

She spoke softly, their lips inches apart, I so wanted them to kiss. "You are welcome to stay, Simone, we would both very much like you to, I think you know that."

Simone was breathing heavily, whether it was from the near fall or from sexual desire, I wasn't sure, but her breasts were rising and falling under her uniform. She remained silent, her eyes glancing at me then back at my prospective lover, clearly undecided.

Still clutching Simone's hand, Sara pulled it forward and pressed it against my cock. To give the girl credit she didn't pull away in shock, in fact she did the opposite. When Sara switched to stroke Simone's breast, the maid's hand remained on my pants, her fingers delicately tracing the outline of my erection. The atmosphere was electric. The right words and I knew all three of us would be fucking in an instant. 

I spoke the wrong words, "We both want to fuck you, Simone," I spoke frankly. Intuitively, from the scenario in Julie's room, and the way the maid was returning Sara's glances, I was firmly convinced she was bisexual.

Still shaking, and still gripping my cock lightly, the dusky teenager spoke at last.

"I…I can't, my boyfriend would kill me. You two are lovely and sexy, but no."

She made to move away but Sara grabbed her arm, "Let's see if you really mean no. Tom, show her your cock."

I hesitated, worried that Sara was maybe pushing things too far to the extent we could get thrown out of the hotel if the girl complained. But to my surprise and delight the maid took things into her own hand, literally. Reaching out with her free hand, and grinning, she unzipped my shorts and out sprang one very healthy erect cock.

Simone's eyes widened, and she made no further move to pull way. "Fuck," she exclaimed, "That's so beautiful."

Sara laughed, "I wouldn't call cocks beautiful, but they do have their uses!"

"I disagree, this is a lovely cock."

I joined in, "Anyone would think you haven't see one before, Simone. They all look pretty much alike you know. They just vary in size, that's all."

"Not a white one I haven't. Not hard like that anyway."

For those readers who have not sampled my earlier scribblings I too would not call my appendage beautiful. Pink, circumcised, comfortable inside most pussies and your average six point something inches. What seems to attract women to it is the g-spot-rubbing upward curve and its thickness. More I am told than the average. Not having seen many erect cocks in the flesh, I have to take the females' word for it.

"Well?" asked Sara, "Want it?"

From Simone's eyes I could see she was sorely tempted. Sara started to stroke me gently, and my cock twitched gratefully in her little hand. The maid's eyes flickered, she was nearly hooked.

"Your boyfriend doesn't have to know, does he?" I asked her huskily.

For a moment we were all silent, Simone was clearly torn between lust and loyalty.

"Look you guys, I am so tempted to do this and, as you guess after what I saw in the other room, I am pretty horny, but it's all a bit sudden. Can I have a little time please?"

"Sure," I laughed, nodding towards the bed, "We will be on there, waiting for you."

Simone smiled, flashing her white teeth, "I meant a little longer than that, how long are you staying?"

"Another eleven nights. We don't mind waiting."

"Good, and anyway I would get the sack if I stopped now, I still have seven more rooms to do."

"No problem," replied Sara, "I have something to keep me occupied for the time being." She pointed my cock at Simone, "Just think what you are missing."

"Oh yes, I can guess what that is," Simone giggled, watching my cock twitch in Sara's fist. She bent down to retrieve her bucket, once again displaying the exotic rear view, this time fully intended. Then, for full effect, she paused and provocatively wiggled her ass. Seize the moment, the devil in me insisted, but Sara, reading my thoughts, grabbed my arm. She informed me later that she had also discerned the faint wet strip in the yellow panties.

"Before I go, can I ask you both a favour?" Simone looked up at us both with an innocent smile.

"Sure," I replied, "anything." Especially if it involves that hidden pussy, I thought, grinning inwardly.

"Please don't think I have changed my mind, but I have never touched a white cock before. I don't want anything else. Can I please?"

"Okay by me," Sara and I spoke in unison.

Without hesitation I moved forward and presented my erection to Simone, "Be my guest, enjoy!"

But she didn't stand up. To my intense surprise and, still kneeling, she pressed her purple lips to my swollen helmet, Sara looking on with amusement. My cock chose that very untimely moment to leak some pre-cum, but she didn't recoil. I reflected that I must have tasted of a cocktail of pussy and spunk. For one delicious second she slid her lips over the head and sucked off the clear liquid. Then she grinned, "Thank you, Tom."

"I bet that wasn't the touch you expected," laughed Sara.

Breathing heavily, I replied, "No, it wasn't. You may touch as much as you like, Simone!"

"My pleasure," I quickly kissed the top of her head as she quickly withdrew and Sara took me in hand, trying to lead me away, "Do I taste any different to your boyfriend?"

She grinned, licking her lips suggestively, "Mmm, I'm not sure."

"You can have a longer taste if you like, or taste longer! Take your pick."

"Thank you, that was enough for the moment." She looked up at Sara who was looking on bemused, one hand idly moving under the hem of her shirt. "I can't leave you out can I?"

To my delight, and obviously Sara's too, she lifted the tee shirt and briefly pressed her lips to her pussy. Sara immediately groaned and clasped her hands around Simone's head and held her there, but the maid wriggled clear and the moment quickly passed.

"Your first white pussy too?" Sara grinned down at her.

"Absolutely! And now I really must go. Have fun you two." And in a flash she had collected her gear and was gone.

"Wow!" exclaimed Sara, "One wildcat."

"I was right about her being bisexual then," I said as we moved towards the sofa, stripping off our meagre clothing, "The way she kissed your pussy just like that."

Sara laughed, "She didn't just kiss it, she stuck her tongue in it! I wanted to fuck her, Tom, and I know you did too! For a moment I thought you were going to get a full blowjob."

"Maybe I still am," I replied, holding my cock out lewdly to her. "I know one thing, I bet she will masturbate in the next empty room."

"Tom," she replied with an impatient tone, "Ever since I saw you on the plane, I have wanted you to fuck me, and that's what I want right now. We have plenty of time later for me to suck you off, and for us to fuck the maid. And both will be worth waiting for."

Fucking Sara was so different from sex with her sister. Where Julie was quite submissive, this woman was an animal. Today I still get excited remembering how, as soon as we were totally naked, she jumped me like a horny leopard. We started over the arm of the small sofa, only because it was nearer than the bed! We realised we both stank of sex and, locked together at the groin, headed into the bathroom where we worked ourselves up to a frenzy in the shower. Naked and wet on my bed she did indescribable things to me no woman has ever done before, not kinky Kamile, or the dirty Carol, nor anyone else I care to mention.

With the eyes of a voyeur, I watched her snake beneath me, her body swimming with our sweat, her hot skin glistening in the sunlight filtering through the shutters. Eyes tightly shut, her face contorted in a rictus of delight, her hips bucked in violent spasms, faster, faster still, lifting both our naked bodies from the sweat-soaked sheets peeling back from the corners of the king-size bed. She squealed with delight when I chewed lustily on a passing nipple.

In a daunting display of female fertility, she suddenly slipped from underneath me and slammed me on my back with a force that shook the walls. Sara then looped one leg across my body and mounted me like a jockey intent on winning the Derby, strands of damp blonde hair lashed against her face, her eyes wild with lust, in tune with the gallop of her passion. When she finally reached the finishing line, with a finger deep in each others asshole, every muscle in her body tensed, her head fell back and, as I succumbed to my own liquid release deep inside her, she let loose a blood-curdling shriek. For a brief moment I visualised Simone listening and playing with herself while cleaning the next room.

Panting like a dog Sara pressed her lips to mine, climbed off her exhausted stallion, fell backward on to the sodden mattress and pulled my face into her sweating sex, my own creamy contribution already leaking out. I obliged her obvious request with eager tongue and fingers until she cried out again. This time my ears enjoyed the protection of her thighs!

I pause, erect, while I remember the sweet aroma of her pussy, tainted slightly with my own liquid contribution. 

For a while we slept, spooned naked and moist on top of the sheet. I dreamed of Simone being there too, my cock deeply embedded in her Bajan cunt while she sucked on Sara's eager pussy. The dream obviously had an effect on my anatomy because an hour or so later I woke to find myself half inside Sara from behind. Her moaning had woken me.

Refreshed from my short sleep I took control this time and, lifting her leg, I rammed hard into the randy twenty year old with all the force I could muster. "My turn to fuck you, bitch!" I gasped as I slid a large finger into her ass.

She replied in kind, "Oh yes, fuck me you fucking bastard, give me that fat cock, fuck my hot cunt."

Roused by her language,I pulled out, slammed her on her back and, as she raised her legs in the air I pinned her arms back on the pillow behind her head.

My thrusts were orchestrated by her cries of "Fuck me, fuck me," and my equally bawdy replies of "Dirty little cunt slut." She pulled one hand free to play with her clit as I continued to pound into her. We were both swimming with sweat, her hair a tangled mess. I let her cum first, her back arching into the air as she shrieked with the ecstasy of her climax. I slowed my fucking to ease the sensitivity of her orgasm, and when her breathing slowed she made an interesting request, "I want you to cum porn-style, Tom."

I was pretty close to that stage so I asked what she meant.

"Cum on my face and in my mouth."

Grinning, I pulled out of her and sat aside her waist, my balls swinging against her tits.

Her eyes widened when she saw how swollen my cock was, the shaft slimy with the fruits of our sex. 

"Do it Tom, cum for me. Give it to me, babe. Spunk on my tits and face."

"Not sure if I have any left," I gasped.

I wanked hard for her, and she leaned forward and slipped her lips over the head, teasing my pee slit. She pulled back when she sensed the approach of my orgasm, and poked out her tongue with perfect pornographic poise. With a groan I unloaded a small quantity of sperm onto her nose. Sara screwed her eyes shut but she needn't have bothered, the majority of my cum was well aimed, directly into her mouth. With her small finger she removed a tiny dollop of spunk from her chin and took me in her mouth again, her cheeks moving in and out as she extracted every final drop.

Opening her mouth, her tongue cradled little hollow of cum which she duly swallowed with an exaggerated gulp. She poked out a clear pink tongue, "Yum-yum, all gone, another bit for bigger tits."

"By the size of yours, you have swallowed loads!"

There was really only room for one in the shower, but somehow we squeezed in together and managed to soap away the evidence of sex.

"That was a lovely fuck, Tom, thank you."

"Thank you too, Sara. There's plenty more where that came from, but you might need to give me a day or two, you and your sister have drained me."

"Oh, I do hope so because if you keep doing that I have no intention of going with anyone else while we are here." 

"Nor me, apart from your sister, assuming she wants a second go."

Little did either of us know how wrong those statements would turn out to be!

Julie's room was empty when I helped Sara pick out a bikini, naturally it was the skimpiest one, all strings and triangles, and a translucent red! Since I wasn't expecting further turbulence in the groin area in the near future I had settled for my tight Calvin Klein swim trunks.

"I'm starving after all that sex, Tom. Let's go see if we can find my sister."

That was not too difficult, she was at the same table we had vacated a few memorable hours ago. Her question to us was the same as that uttered earlier by Sara, "Good fuck guys?"

"Fabulous," we both replied in unison.

We all ate a hearty lunch from the overstocked buffet and spent the afternoon on the beach. While Sara flirted outrageously with me most of the afternoon, even at one stage flashing her pussy, Julie confided in me that her guilt stuff had come up.

"I know my husband is cheating on me, Tom, but does that give me the right to do the same? What we did last night and this morning was lovely, and that with my sister this morning revived a lot of memories. But can we cool it for a while until I have adjusted to things and sorted out my feelings for David?" While Sara and I were going to the cricket, Julie had decided to visit an old flame on the not too distant shores of Antigua.

I smiled at her, "Of course, Julie. I was surprised we did what we did so soon anyway, perhaps I should have refused your persistent advances!" I grinned at her.

"You seduction technique is very good, darling. It seemed to work with my sister too."

"Ha-ha, I doubt that, she tells me she had the hots for me on the plane."

"That doesn't surprise me in the least. Anyway, it seems as though you two have hit it off?"

"Yes, what amazes me is how sexually advanced she is for a kid of twenty."

"Don't forget, she started early, as you now know."

"Do you mind if she sleeps with me again tonight?"

"Of course not, I am used to it. Last holiday we spent together, her bed was never slept in, and she was the one that was supposed to be chaperoning me! Anyway, tomorrow I am definitely going to visit my friend David, I just booked the flight." She flashed the LIAT printout from the hotel computer.

 *