 Previously: Flying to the Caribbean to watch part of the England cricket tour of the West Indies I had met a married woman called Julie, and her twenty-year-old sister Sara. After a romantic dinner I charmed my way into Julie's bed, joined the following morning by her promiscuous sister. The teenage maid Simone, changing the towels, had silently watched the erotic proceedings. Having tired out Julie, I followed up by satiating my lust for the younger Sara, experiencing anal sex for only the second time. We had tried to tempt the curious Simone to join in the fun, but to no avail.

Today were going to the cricket!

6. Déjà vu

Sara and I woke the next morning without, miracles of miracles, any further sex. Just long gazes of appreciation for what we had experienced the day before. Both of us with orgasms at levels believed, up until then, to be entirely impossible.

I brought two cups of black coffee back to the bed. "How's the bum?" I asked.

"If you want the clinical version, Tom, it feels like I had a crap backwards but..."

"First time I've heard my cock called a piece of shit," I interrupted, sipping appreciatively at the hot liquid.

"... but I would like to do it again, especially the vibrator bit. That really blew my mind."

We showered separately, knowing that together we would have fucked in the tiny space and that would have made us late for the start of the match. As it was, the umpires were out on the pitch by the time we found our seats in the popular stand. Ian Botham, sorry, Sir Ian Botham was studying cracks in the pitch and relaying them to satellite viewers worldwide. As we waited for the teams to emerge my mind dwelled upon Julie, who would now be well on her way to Antigua. I wondered if she would get as good a fuck from her old lover as she did from me, and that really would signal the end of her marriage.

West Indies won the toss and, after a rain delay, the game started, the English batsmen quickly playing themselves into trouble, accompanied by much vocal derision from the locals. The couple behind us were obviously friends of the man and woman two rows in front, and a noisy animated conversation struck up between them. The noisy banter, all part of the occasion, didn't annoy me, especially with a good half of the support coming from English spectators. Sara however, was uncomfortable with the chatter and, tapping the large Bajan female in front of her, enquired if she and her husband would like to switch with us so they could be nearer to their friends.

Settled in our new seats, I turned to look at the female now sat immediately next to me. She was white and very familiar. She should be, I once fucked her! Just the once.

She sensed my inquisitive glance, and turned, her eyes widening, "Tom? Tom Graham?"

I smiled, "Hi." What the hell was her name? Shit. If you fuck someone you are obliged to remember her name, aren't you?

She grinned at my predicament, "Young Island, July 2007?"

Then it clicked. Long time school friend of my ex-lover Susan. Correction, bisexual school friend.

"Sophie?"

She nodded, and her husband Paul leaned forward and took my hand, "Hi Tom, it's been a long time."

"Hi guys, last time I spoke to Sue, she told me you two had broken up?"

He laughed, "That was a sex thing, Tom. It didn't work out."

Paul and Sophie were dedicated swingers and their lifestyle had led each of them, albeit it would seem temporarily, to pastures new.

I introduced Sara as my new girlfriend of twenty four hours.

Sophie whispered in my ear, "She must be special, Tom, I seem to remember they were usually long gone by breakfast!"

I turned and explained to Sara that soon after I arrived on the little private island off the shore of nearby St Vincent with my fuck-buddy of the moment Lesilia, we had met Susan in rather embarrassing circumstances. We were all making love in adjacent hammocks and she had been with whom I had assumed to be her boyfriend but was in fact her brother. A few days later we swapped partners with them, for a full 24 hours.

The next day Sophie and Paul had arrived unannounced at the resort. Sophie quickly revealed to Sue that they had come to the island hoping to find another couple to share in their liberated sexuality. Although nothing happened between us on holiday, and Sue was by now permanently glued to my cock, we did swap partners with them soon after arriving back home. Paul fucked Sue, I fucked Sophie. Just the once. All in one bed. The memory of that, and the obvious interest being shown by Sara got me hard. And I missed the first wicket to fall. Not that I cared, one lover to my right, an ex-lover on my left.

"Are you guys still in the scene?" I asked her.

"Of course," she grinned, "I heard you are no longer with Sue though."

"Much water under the bridge, she is engaged to some guy in the city."

"That's a pity," she looked wistfully across the ground, I wish she was here now, she was great fun."

I pinched her arm lightly, well aware of the fun she was hinting at, "It doesn't have to be Sue, you know," I whispered, cocking my head towards Sara, "She's bisexual too."

"Don't tempt me, Tom, I haven't been with another woman in ages, that's why I miss my best friend. She's very sexy though," she whispered.

Our attention was diverted to the pitch where Freddie Flintoff had come out to bat amid tumultuous applause. He was soon to return to the pavilion, yet another Englishman with his tail between his legs. This match was heading for disaster!

I leaned across to Paul, "Where are you guys staying?"

"At the Hilton, for two nights , it's the only place we could get a room, we only flew over this morning."

"Only two nights?"

"We're staying at Young Island and came over for the two matches."

My ears pricked up. "Have you met anyone there this time?"

"Nah, the place isn't what it was when you were there, Tom. I think the authorities cottoned on to what was going on, someone complained."

"How on earth can they stop people shagging?"

He laughed, "On the beach they can, they've installed CCTV."

"You're joking!"

"Yes, and because of that the place is half empty, word got around."

Although Sara remained silent and concentrated on watching her favourite batsman, she whispered that she was intrigued with the conversation and wondered if Paul and I were trying to set something up and, if so, she wouldn't be averse to a little partner swapping herself.

"I'll try anything once, Tom, and I can tell you have the hots for her." She had spotted the slight movement in my pants when Sophie had touched my arm. I grinned at her and turned to Paul. As if sensing my thoughts he asked, "What are you guys doing this evening, Tom?"

"Nothing special."

"Liar," Sara again whispered into my ear, "You promised you would fuck me on the beach!"

"I heard that!" laughed Sophie, "Been there, done that!"

"What do you have in mind, Paul?"

"I thought we could all have dinner together, back at our hotel?"

"Yes please," Sara whispered again, "Especially if dinner means shagging. He's nice! Is she a good fuck?"

I nodded lightly, I knew otherwise but didn't want to spoil the party. I was amused at the thought of Sara's seemingly endless desire for sex. "We would love to. What time?"

"Come back with us after the match, you can shower in our room."

Sara shook her head, "I will need to go back to the Hibiscus first to put on some knickers, folks."

"You can borrow a pair of mine, darling," grinned Sophie, "we are about the same size." I was of course hoping that neither girl would have use of the garments. I don't know what surprised me the most, the present conversation or the knowledge that Sara was commando in her khaki shorts.

"I get hot sitting down for a long time, Tom," she explained later.

"You are hot in any position, darling," I'd replied, "especially with my cock up your ass!"

Sophie had cut her previously long black hair into a cheeky bob, "It got in the way of blowjobs, Tom," she disclosed during the course of the day, "And by the way, I fancy your new girlfriend." She had a little kissable button nose set between smoky grey eyes, her lips were fuller than two years ago. Collagen I suspected. I looked forward to seeing them wrapped around my cock once again. The memory of our one and only fuck, alongside Sue and her husband became clearer. Alcohol had led us to the bedroom for a routine swap. 

There had been nothing memorable. Lick pussy, suck cock, fuck, cum. Quite the routine for swapping couples, similar to marriage! The fun part is the knowledge that you have your cock inside another married woman with your own partner's permission. Sophie's blowjobs were, I remembered, commendable!

I wondered how Sara would fare with her first swinging experience, as was obviously going to happen. For me, the real event would be to watch Sophie make love with her, as she had with my ex girlfriend Sue. The only difference was, apart from a fumble with the Goth Sooline, Sue at the time had been a bisexual virgin. These two girls, although then years apart, were very experienced.

During a drinks break, Paul and I stood with a beer at the back of the stand, while the girls remained sitting, discussing important non-sexual subjects such as shoes and handbags. Of course, we discussed the possibilities for the coming evening.

"You guys safe?" I asked." Last time we didn't need condoms."

He grinned, "I remember. Same again? We had the tests last week. You?"

"Ditto, two weeks ago."

"Shame you guys split up, Susan I mean. Sophie couldn't stop talking about Sue's cunt, and your cock. Bastard!" he grinned.

"I think you did okay with her," I replied. No one complained after sex with Sue.

"Don't tell Sophie, because she doesn't know. I fucked Sue at a party once, long before she met you. She seduced me in the bathroom, I remember we broke the towel rail when I had her from behind up against the wall."

"Yeah, she told me. Did you know she fucked her own brother?"

"No?"

"You remember Richard, on holiday?"

He scratched his head, "Sort of. Was that the guy everyone said had a nine inch cock?"

I remember being gobsmacked at the first sight of the huge appendage, "That was him, he was Sue's brother. Nine-and-a-half according to her."

"Fuck!"

"Ask Sophie sometime, she will tell you all about it. I was totally envious."

"Don't know why, from what I can remember, Sophie raved about yours."

"Thank you, not so bad yourself, according to Sue."

The reader too can find out more by reading Susan's version: 'Sex and a Single Girl' by 'Sue-in-Surrey'

"Your Sara looks very up for it, where did you meet?"

"On the plane coming out, I screwed her married sister first! Last night I fucked Sara in the ass."

"Cool, I love that, but she's not so keen," he nodded towards where we could see the girls engrossed head to head, and giggling. We assumed the subject was sex, the coming evening was looking very promising. Aware of Sophie's lack of sexual enthusiasm, I was more pleased for Sara because this would be her first partner swap.

The cricket restarted and we all sat back down, this time with the girls in the middle. I was next to Sophie. From the looks of our neighbours there was little doubt that earlier conversation had been overheard, and with considerable amusement that we now had different partners. High with excitement of anticipation of tonight's events, we settled back to watch the cricket, each lost in our own thoughts. Mine were concentrated on the woman to my right, her hand resting lightly on my knee. Sometime during the course of the match she whispered in my ear, "I want you to fuck me tonight, Tom, I haven't forgotten that lovely fat cock of yours."

Sara later confided that Paul had made a similar request of her.

In the lunch break we headed for the bar and split up with our temporary dates. While Paul no doubt discussed with Sara his prowess with females (I'd heard no complaints from Sue), Sophie and I caught up on the missing two years. Sue had continued to occupy her bed for a few months after we parted, and Paul had managed to weasel himself into the occasional threesome. They had swapped partners only once since our meeting.

"Why did you break up with him, Sophie?"

"Well, firstly I knew he was shagging Sue behind my back..."

"I'd like to shag you behind your back!" I laughed, "Sorry, go on."

"Then we met a married couple from Manchester that we really clicked with. Daniel and Katie. So much so that we swapped partners for a whole day and night, like you and Sue did on Young Island."

"I can recommend it!" I smiled, running my fingers up her bare arm.

She shivered at the intimate touch. "God, you're turning me on, Tom."

I laughed, "If this wasn't so public you would be able to touch my cock and feel how hard I am for you." The lunchtime beers had got me more horny for her, at the end of the day, a fuck is a fuck.

Not to be outdone she turned to me and kissed me softly on my lips, her body pressed hard against mine. She wriggled discreetly against my erection, "Mmm, I want that cock in me, Tom."

I kissed her back, "You will have it, I promise. Do you think Paul and Sara will be okay?"

She turned my head, "What to you think?" pointing towards the playing area. Our partners were leaning over the rail, arms around each other, deep in conversation. Just like any other couple except that instead of her arm around his waist and hand resting on his hip, it was in his pocket!

I laughed, "I think they are as up for it as we are. Now tell me more about the Manchester couple."

She sighed, "After the 24 hours thing we then stretched it to one week and eventually went on holiday with each others partner."

"Cool. Way to go!"

"Not really, Tom. I had really fallen for this guy, Dan he was called, then halfway through the week I found out he wasn't married to Katie, but to someone else."

"Shit."

"Exactly, and to make it worse, Katie was married too. Neither of their real partners was aware of what was going on."

I put my arm around her, "I'm glad you two got back together."

She wriggled closer, her perfume delighting my nostrils, "So am I, but it took a while. We both sulked for a month or two, in fact we nearly got divorced. The we met at a party."

"Wow, small world."

"Not really, my sister set it all up. Anyway he took me into a corner and asked me if I wasn't with anyone would I care for a fuck!"

"And?"

"He took me upstairs and we did it in the bathroom!"

"How long ago was that?"

"Last September, and neither of us have been with anyone since then, we have been too scared of falling for the other person again!"

"But what about tonight then?"

"Ha-ha, you are a good fuck, Tom, but I wouldn't want to live with you. And I don't think Paul would be capable of holding a twenty year old down."

"I did, last night," I laughed, "While I was up her ass."

She stared at me disapprovingly, "I don't like that, Tom. A finger maybe, but it's not my thing. That place is one-way only for me."

"Sara was only my second time, Sophie."

"And Sue was your first, she told me and tried to get Paul to do it but I wouldn't let him. You won't try it with me, will you, Tom?"

"Of course not. If I remember correctly your mouth and pussy will keep me well occupied," I lied.

"Promise?"

I pulled her closer and kissed her lips, "I promise. And anyway, one asshole a month is enough for me. It's fucking hard work actually." That forecast was as unreliable as the weather, I was to discover before the holiday was out. Sara's demands of an anal nature were considerable, but still well exceed by those of her vagina.

The umpires were back out on the pitch and we rejoined the other two. Paul had a big grin on his face and no doubt, if Sara had anything to do with it, something even larger in his pants He suggested that, since a sexual liaison between all of us was now inevitable, we should forgo the remainder of the cricket and head straight for the hotel.

Despite the need to copulate with our opposite partners, the three of us refused, each for a different reason. Sara was intrigued with the cricket, and it was obvious that West Indies would not take long to secure their deserved victory. Also I had paid an exorbitant price for the tickets. Anyway, Sophie declared she couldn't fuck on an empty stomach! We returned to our seats.

West Indies won the game thanks mainly to the big hitting of a guy called Chris Gayle. I won't go into detail, the scoreboard is available to anyone with a computer, and my American friends would not understand the complicated game anyway!

*

Dinner at the Hilton was, as one would expect of such an establishment, delightful. Conversely, the sex following it, on the double-king sized bed was, as expected from my previous encounter with Sophie, pure routine and, like the cricket, disappointing. 

The girls sucked on our cocks, that bit was okay! We licked out their pussies and made them cum, no complaints there! And, side-by-side, we fucked our opposite numbers on their backs. We almost came inside them at the same time. All very normal of a typical swinging session, a traditional formal fuck. 

What was more stimulating was observing my partner getting sucked or fucked, and of course the two women in a passionate soixante-neuf. The highlight of the evening was watching them suck our cum out of each other's pussies. Later, Paul and I both squirted a second quantity of spunk over the girls' faces as they licked away, eventually making each other cum amidst sounds of groaning and squealing.

Although offered, we didn't stay the night and, in the taxi on the way back to our own hotel, I asked Sara if she'd had a good time with her first ever partner swap.

"I don't know where your Sue got it from but he was a lousy fuck, Tom. I've had better attention from my vibrator. No wonder Sophie looks for other cocks. I enjoyed watching you fuck her, to be honest."

I smiled at her in the dark, "She's not much better at that either, Sara."

"Oh? You looked as though you were having a good time, and I know you came twice."

"I think we all did. It's just that when I'm inside a woman I like her to show some interest, like fucking back at me. Sophie just lies there like a wet rag. Now I realize why I failed to recognise her at first, the one and only time we had sex was exactly the same, forgettable."

"Well, I know they have invited us out tomorrow, but I certainly won't climb over you to get to him." Her eyes gleamed red in the refection of the red traffic lights as we waited in traffic in the centre of Bridgetown, "But I have to disagree about Sophie, she is a different kettle of fish."

"Good lover?"

"The best, Tom. I have had sex with quite a few girls, but she is very experienced, she really knew how to tick my boxes."

"And your clit?"

She giggled, "That too!"

The driver was watching us intently in the mirror, no doubt it was that time of the night when back-seat cock sucking got into gear. Although I was tempted to ask Sara, and being the exhibitionist I now knew she was and I knew she wouldn't refuse, my cock hadn't yet recovered from its recent exercise at the Hilton. 

I spoke more softly, "She should be good, she has been fully bisexual since she was twelve."

I told her about the time in college that Sue and several other girls had watched Sophie suck Paul off at the back of class.

"She's known him that long?"

"Yes, they grew up together, do you know they were fucking at thirteen?"

Sara laughed, "No wonder they have gone stale then. Perhaps she should be a lesbian. All the same I wouldn't mind going with her again. Do you mind that?"

"Not at all, you are a free spirit, you must do as you feel. As long as I can watch again, that is!"
