 Over the years he'd run into a couple of old classmates here and there but only once had the contact been anything more than a couple of awkward minutes. This time however he'd been on vacation in St. Martin with a current girlfriend, Amy, and run into one of his old basketball teammates and his wife, Andy and Michelle. They'd met the first night at the orientation dinner and even though Mike hadn't wanted to, his travel companion and his former teammate's wife decided they should all go snorkeling the next day. 

It turned out to be more fun than Mike had expected but being on the boat and in the water all day had led to his date getting more sunburned than she'd wanted, even though he'd continually warned her to apply more sun screen. That night she'd skipped dinner and when Mike arrived at the hotel restaurant Michelle waved him over to sit with them. 

After two glasses of wine, and being in the sun all day, Andy was ready to crash but Michelle wanted to dance at the nightclub two blocks down the main drag from the hotel. Explaining during dinner what had happened to Amy, Mike figured it would be an early night for him too, albeit one where he wouldn't be getting any of the fantastic sex he'd gotten the night before during his first night on the island in a strange bed. 

Well, it turned out that he needn't have worried about no sex that second night. The dance club was filled with young college-aged kids and Mike and Michelle stood out as a somewhat older, yet pretty hot couple, especially when Mike took Michelle out on the dance floor and the two showed the youngsters what dancing was all about. Years before Mike had taken a dance class in an effort not to be embarrassed at a wedding reception and over the years his dancing prowess had gotten him laid just as much as his quick wit and great smile. Dancing for the younger crowd had brought out an almost competition-like intensity to the two 30-somethings and after an hour of dancing and drinking the two were more like seasoned lovers moving in synch than mere acquaintances.

The more they danced, the more the younger kids admired them and the more the buzz in the club became about them than anything else. After a while they both needed a rest, the tropical humidity had made them both sweaty and tired and besides a drink they needed some air, fresh air outside the club and away from the rest of the eyes upon them. Taking their drinks out on the terrace, Michelle suggested they walk on the beach back to the resort and as tired as he was from the day's exertions, Mike never thought to argue.

The sounds of the main drag quickly faded away and the light fog that had formed from the humidity in the air proved to be a liberating factor for Michelle. Running ahead of Mike playfully, she darted into a small grove of palm trees and ducked in and out of them, playing a grown up game of peek-a-boo with her new friend. Mike just didn't want to lose her and when she jumped out in front of him and he ran into her, they both spilled over and fell to the cool, soft sand. 

Mike tried to extract himself from on top of her but Michelle had other ideas and locked her hands and feet around him and pulled him in for a passionate kiss. Not totally surprised, Mike responded in kind and soon sported an impressive erection that began to bore into Michelle's midsection. On breaking their lip lock, Michelle couldn't resist commenting.

"I kept feeling that bulge all night long when we were dancing and now I want to feel it where it was meant to be," she said. 

Moaning, Mike just reached back down and kissed her again and rubbed his hardening phallus into her in a sinuous motion that just reminded her of his impressive dancing.

"I knew you'd be a great lover by the way you danced," said Michelle. "I've been wet ever since our first dance and now I want you to fuck me with that hard cock of your." 

Knowing he'd get to that soon enough, Mike took advantage of the situation and peeled back the thin shoulder straps of her dress with his teeth and licked at her heaving breasts. The moan that escaped her lips was eerie, a perfect blend to the fog and waves lapping at the shore. Her hips undulating under him, Mike knew what she wanted but he was going to make it last. 

Using his greater weight and position on top of her, he loosened her grip and made his way down her sweat-soaked body, licking up the salty beads of her perspiration as they rolled down from the undersides of her breasts. Using his tongue, he licked up and down the firm orbs and brought her nipples to hard points in the cool, moist air of the Caribbean night. 

By now, Michelle had been on the brink of orgasm since her first dance and was almost on a sexual overload. So, when Mike lowered his aim and made his way down her belly, with a quick detour into her navel, and then down to her soaking wet panties and the treasure therein, she exploded into orgasm at the first touch of his tongue on her clit. 

The almost electric jolt he felt when she went into spasm told Mike not to stop but to increase his attack, licking her clit hard while inserting two of his fingers into her moist womanhood and finding her g-spot on the front wall of her vagina. This sent Michelle into orbit and she did something she'd never done before with Andy, she squirted a massive load of cum all over Mike's face, neck and chest. 

Panting in heat, Michelle was about to tell Mike to fuck her but he was already there and placed his impressive shaft into her, and before she even realized it she'd had another massive orgasm when he finally bottomed out in her pussy, deeper than any man had ever been before. Using the same muscles he had to move her around the dance floor, Mike thrust into her deeper and deeper, alternating his strokes and depth and taking Michelle on a ride she'd never had before, providing her with four orgasms before he shot what felt like a quart of semen far up into her. 

When he'd finished, sweating and panting, Mike told her it was the best sex he'd had in a long time and Michelle went him one better by telling him it was the best sex she'd ever had as she'd never had an ejaculatory orgasm before. Thinking they both needed to rinse off before they got back to their respective mates, Mike was going to suggest a dip in the water until they both heard clapping coming from behind one of the trees. 

"You two are the hottest couple we've ever seen," said one of the girls who'd been in the dance club with them. But when Mike explained they weren't really a couple and they had to get back to their own partners, the girl and her friend offered to let them rinse off in the shower inside the hotel they were outside of. Michelle was embarrassed, but that didn't stop the two of them from taking the girls up on their offer and then taking advantage of the situation by going for round two in the shower of the girls' room with the two college girls listening through the door.