 Montego Bay, Jamaica; what a beautiful place. Today's warm and breezy weather and the beach's beautiful shores make for a perfect day to have a photo shoot for one of the hottest models I've ever had the pleasure of working with. She goes by the name of "Reb'l Fleur". A work of natural art she is; her flowing black hair extends to the middle of her back and her skin sort of resembles a nude shade of pink; at a slender 5 foot 9 inches and 125 pounds, her body's gorgeousness is accentuated with a smile created by full lips adorned with ruby red grapefruit colored lipstick.

She makes her way towards the beach to greet me & I find myself in awe of her beauty. She and I have worked several shoots together but none have been of her in a bathing suit. As we walk to where I want to take photos, I find myself glancing at her and admiring the two-piece gun-metal grey bikini that is fortunate enough to cover her body. The ruffles in the bikini flutter in the breeze as does my canary yellow unbuttoned Michael Kors short-sleeve shirt; one breeze was so strong it almost blew off my white straw-braided fedora.

We reach our destination and I have her pose while standing first. My camera shutter clicks with each shot I take, capturing her present beauty to be shared with the world. I get a few action shots of her, making sure I photograph her hair blowing in the wind, the mist of the beach kissing her skin, and the water splashing around her as she runs through it laughing.

Now she's lying on the shore, body glistening under the dusky sky due to the water that has washed upon it. I snap several photos of her relaxing on her side as she props herself up and looks off to the distance. I have her sit back, hands behind her back holding herself up again while facing the sea. She strikes the pose perfectly with a seductive look in her eyes as her legs and feet rub against each other. I can't help but get hard as I watch the water wash over her beautiful French-tipped pedicured toes; capturing her long and slender legs as she stares me down and shows off her curves. I see her smile as she stands; she suggests we finish taking photos on my yacht under the night sky since it is almost dark now.

We set sail on the 37 meter metallic-silver yacht. She's in the shower washing off the sand and salt from the sea to prepare for the next shoot. I sail the boat northwest towards the Cayman Islands but not too far from shore. The beautiful Reb'l Fleur emerges from her steaming shower and I show her to the teak-planked deck where I want to take the last few photos. The night's winds gently blow past the 165 foot mast as the yacht is anchored and sways with the sea. The moonlight sets the scene that I'd hoped it would and I am now ready to begin capturing this beauty yet again.

Her poses are magnificent; I can't hide the huge hard-on I have in the white Bermuda shorts I have on; to think that today of all days I decided to go commando. She smiled and it was then that I realized she'd noticed my dick getting hard the first time on the beach. She crawls over to me; staring into my lens as the camera continuously takes photos. I feel her hands caress my dick as she looks into the camera; my pants are unzipped by way of her teeth; she reaches in and pulls out her prize. With the camera still in hand and her eyes focused seductively on me, I continue to take photos of her while she puts my dick in her mouth and begins to suck it. She pulls my pants down to my ankles as she tries to take me completely down her throat; saliva hangs from my dick to her mouth as she gasps for air after pulling back. Her head bobs back and forth again and my toes curl as she slurps on me.

My shorts get kicked to the side; my legs spread some more so that she can lick my balls while I grab her hair, make a ponytail, and control the motions of her head. Her warm mouth and full lips make my dick feel like it's been checked into a 5-star hotel compared to the other mouths it's been in. It almost feels like she's making love to my dick. Her oral skills are complimented by her gracefulness; turning her head to the left as she swallows my dick then turning her head to the right as she takes it out; it reminds me of the motion used to loosen screws. The popping sound she makes as her lips tighten around the tip of my dick and suck hard causing it to come out of her mouth turns me on so much.

I can't take it anymore; I lay the camera on the ground next to us, grab her under her arms and stand her up; my right arm reaches around her waist to her back and pulls her body to mine; my voice makes her body tremble as I speak the words, "wrap your arms around my neck", into her left ear; reaching around her, I untie the top of her bikini then do the same to the bottom. The bikini falls and I squat down, reach my arms between her thighs, spread her legs, and scoop her up. She gasps in shock with the sudden movement and then giggles before taking her tongue and licking the palm of her hand. She reaches down and strokes my dick; rubbing the spit from her hand onto it, readying it for her pussy. My biceps flex as I balance and hold her body in front of mine.

I feel warmth; comfort; euphoria. I am completely inside of her now. I curl my arms up and down as if I am lifting weights; slowly bouncing her on my dick. Her beautiful toes and feet point towards the deck as her hands grasp my shoulders for bracing. Her tongue twirls in my ears when her mouth isn't busy sucking or biting on my neck. "Faster baby...Ooooh yes...right there..." 

I grip her waist more and thrust as I bring her back down creating a much deeper impact. Nails dig into my skin; in a few days I'll look at the scratches they leave as trophies. Her feet are now pointed upwards and toes spread as far apart as they can go as I continuously thrust and pound her tight little pussy. "Yes! Keep going! Keep going!! I'm cumming! Oh shit I'm cu--..."

In one quick motion, I use my upper body strength & lift her body above my head & sit her pussy on my face; sucking, licking, and enjoying the sweet taste of her orgasm as her waxed pussy drips down my throat. Her body shakes from the shock and she grabs my head as my hands palm her ass. My dick jumps and gets even harder when I feel the heels of her feet on my spine. I can feel her toes sliding up and down my back and rubbing against each other while I continue to suck her pussy dry.

I lower her down slightly, still carrying her with both legs interlocked with my arms. Deep kissing ensues as I walk to into the saloon. I drop her down onto the Italian leather ghost-white sofa that seats three and is positioned right under the 22-by-10 foot skylight. The moon and stars light the room and illuminates the sweat on her body even more now. Down on my knees, I push her legs back and pin her down by placing my forearms on her thighs. I begin licking her clit with the tip of my tongue very slowly; sucking it very gently, I slide my right middle finger inside of her; her pussy tightens the further inside of it my finger goes. I take one last suck of her clit, flip my tongue upwards, and then slide it down her clit, licking it with the bottom side of my tongue.

I pull my finger out of her and penetrate her pussy with my tongue really quickly; then, with the tip of my tongue still pointing upwards, it licks past her pussy and over her asshole; her reaction is one of shock and excitement instead of disgust and displeasure; a low "aah yes" makes its way to my ears; I take it as a sign to keep going. My tongue is fully extended, flicking up and down...up and down...up and down. She enjoys it so much that her hands grab the back of my head and pull my face deeper into her ass. I know her toes are curling even harder now that her asshole is being licked and her pussy is being fingered; her moans get even louder as I pull my finger back out and lick from her butt to her clit and back down again.

Her sultry voice calling me "daddy" has me ready to fuck her again. I stand up and lay her on her left side with her left arm stretched out for comfort as I get behind her. She rests her head on my bicep and pulls her hair over her right shoulder so that it's not in my face; I don't mind if it's in my face because of the strawberry scent it has. I lift her right leg a little; just enough to slide my dick in. Buried deep in her pussy and holding her body close to mine, my short thrusts make her moan. Her right hand reaches back and pulls mine to her breast. I squeeze it; she responds with passionate gasps. Her nipple slips through my middle and ring fingers and I feel her hand grab mine as it is pulled on and squeezed.

Her ass feels so good against my pelvis; I thrust deeper and deeper trying to feel her perfectly round ass fit into my lap. A loud smacking sound echoes through the saloon after I slap her on the cheek; waves splash against the yacht as my hand continues to make contact with her skin. The salty sea air fills my nostrils as its breeze cools my sweating body. All I can think of now is how I want to hold her body close to mine so I close her legs together. She crosses her ankles and places her legs between mine, rubbing them against my feet and calves. Her toes send chills down my spine as I feel them on my legs. Her back presses against my chest; my arm holds her body tightly; my tongue licks her neck and ear & her body shivers.

With my teeth sinking into her neck and our bodies as close as can be, her climax has become more and more inevitable with each thrust I make. I go as deep as I can go and leave it there; enjoying how wet she has gotten. "You like that?"..."Oh you do, huh?"..."Tell me how much you love it then."

"I love it baby!" she exclaims. "Go deeper!"

I complied and was rewarded with the words, "Oh my God, I think I'm cumming!"

Nails dig into my biceps & feet lock themselves around mine. "Aaaaaaaaaaahhhhh" echoes through the yacht and sails across the waves as she shrieks it aloud. She gasps sporadically as her orgasm takes over her body. Once the shaking stops I pull out, stroking my wet dick while standing up to prepare for the next position.

She tries to stand with me but can't; her legs are too wobbly. "Lie on your stomach; grab the armrest while you're at it." She does as she's told; wearing a smug smile on her face. In position, she flips her hair from over her right shoulder to her left in one graceful motion, stares me down and tells me, "Let's go", in the most confident voice. My hands palm her cheeks; spreading them for easy entry. I only put the head in first, teasing her, and right before she fixes her lips to ask for it all, I give it to her. Her moans and gasps make me feel as if I've experienced my first breath when I go deep. She braces herself for impact by placing her left leg over mine while grasping the arm of the bolted-down sofa. My right foot is planted firmly on the deck to empower each stroke I make ensuring that her body gets the pleasure it deserves.

Using my left hand to keep her butt cheeks as separated as possible, my free hand extends forward to her shoulder and presses her body down. I thrust hard and fast but come out slowly after each stroke; her legs curl towards my body from the ecstasy she's feeling; my left hand works its way up her spine and back down to the arch in her back. I apply pressure, pinning her body to the cushions of the sofa. My strokes get faster and faster and her screams get louder. My thrusts get harder and harder and so does my dick. I pull out and squeeze it.

"Turn over. Hurry up!" She turns over and I lean forward, aiming at her breasts. She runs her fingers through her hair, pushing it backwards as I stroke my dick in front of her. "Aaaahhh shhhhhhiiiiiiiiiiiittt!!" Three loads of hot, thick cum explode all over her breasts and stomach. She hands me the camera then takes her hands & rubs it all over her body. She grabs my dick, and with both hands, squeezes and tugs; posing with her tongue out while waiting for the last drop of cum to fall into her mouth.