 I cannot take it anymore...

Everybody is talking about skiing...

It so happens that I am very familiar with sports, generally speaking - I love to practice, not just sit in front of a TV and watch, while drinking some beers...

Still, in spite of the fact that I've been, so many times, at the mountains, I have never skied.

I talk with an office mate, who happens to be really good at it, somewhat fifteen years older than me, who gives me all the info that I need to buy what I need - furthermore, he offers to come with me, so that he can make the choices for me.

There we are, buying all the equipment, so that the next day we are on the train, up to the mountains...

Walt, my office mate, is accompanying me, together with some dozen of other people from the institute.

The atmosphere on the train is great - we are colleagues, we know each other, and we share some bottles of booze...

Walt is completely against alcohol consumption, so that, after I take a glass of vodka, he just tells me:

"Look, if you really want to ski, not only show your brand new gear off, you DON'T drink anymore, or I'll just let you do whatever you like, but I'll be out of the scheme...

Walt doesn't joke, in fact, I'm not really sure if he knows how to joke - therefore, I have to quit drinking, and just sit on the chair in the train, like a log...

I need a smoke, so that I just ask Walt:

"I hope that the restrictions do not extend towards cigarettes, too - OK?"

"Your suicidal attitude is quite well known by me, and not only - it's a pity that you smoke, but, since this bad habit is a must for you, I won't take it into consideration"...

I get out from the compartment, leaving Walt with his philosophy, and light a cigarette.

From the compartment next to us, comes out a beautiful blond face, with wonderful blue eyes, and a short, somewhat boyish haircut...

She's also wearing a skiing suit, so that I cannot see much of her boobs and, or, ass...

Actually, I can only remark her head, the rest of her body being well hidden by the darn costume.

Her lighter is making her some problems, so that I oblige, and offer her a light.

"Thank you" That's all that she says, before clinging to the bar protecting the window, and looking away, outside the window...

She clearly doesn't feel like chatting, or, better said, she's clearly showing me that she doesn't want to let herself hooked - this is, in fact, the answer to my look when I've helped her lighting that cigarette of hers...

Two colleagues of mine get out from the compartment, laughing and being really noisy - honestly, I'm just wondering if today, they will be skiing at all, or just checking into their room and do what the rabbits like so much to do, and not only...

He's married, but she's not, and it seems that his marital status does not bother her at all - they are well known as being lovers, for ages by now!...

Anyway, who am I to talk about it? Surely the personnel of the camping in the neighborhood of the institute would be much more qualified to talk about it!...

The only real problem is that the bastard already has two kids with his wife, but, as we've heard, he does not neglect his duties as a husband and a father... So be it! What the heck?!?

I just cannot keep quiet, so that I make a remark:

"So, Harry, why didn't you bring your older brat over here? I've heard that you are great at skiing. You could teach him!"...

He looks at me, his eyes clearly reproaching me for reminding him about his kid...

"My kids also do have a mother, and she's been preparing all the week evenings some costumes, since today they are supposed to show off on a stage, at the kindergarten"...

Linda, his lover, looks at me with killing eyes:

"I think you better take care - you can never tell, at skiing, when you break some limp!"...

I can clearly hear the blond girl beside me giggling in a muffled manner...

Linda continues: "Anyway, as I can see, it seems that this morning your Don Juan attitude doesn't help you... Fortunately, some girls still know to make a difference between... you know what!"...

It is, by now clear, that Linda has abused the booze...

I am already angry, but, still, she's my colleague:

"All right, Linda, it's enough!"

The blond girl enters her compartment in a hurry, to say so...

The conversation is over.

The ski slope is wonderful.

I am fully equipped, and Walt is giving me some directions - what to do, how to do, and so on...

It so happens that the beginners slope is at the end of the normal slope.

Two times I see the blond beauty from the train passing me by, on her way to the cable.

Walt has gone to ski, long time ago, so that I am alone, and really tired of sliding thirty meters, then back, with so much efforts...

I am a grown up, an adult, surrounded by kids...

I cannot take it anymore...

The moment Walt arrives, I just tell him that I want to go up, on the real slope.

He simply says:

"Hey, are you crazy?"

"No, Walt, I'm determined to get started with this bloody skiing"...

"Well, in that case, shouldn't we first make a call for an ambulance? Just in case!"...

"Walt, with your, or without your help, I shall be going on the real slope - got it?"

I look at him, and he knows, from my looks, that I am not joking...

He thinks a little, then says to me:

"Well, since you are so well trained - he knows about my training in Karate - I believe that you will be able to deal with the falls that you'll have to endure"...

To make a long story short, I can tell you that I have fallen ONE HUNDRED AND SEVENTY FIVE times!...

I was completely wet, the costume thoroughly wet, but I was still alive, with all my limps at their place...

After I've reached the end of the slope, I've told Walt to mind his business, since I just intend to repeat the experience.

I don't know if my voice, attitude, or just his determination to enjoy the wonderful day, makes him say good bye, and go towards the cable cue...

I reach there, and start again.

This time, I only have to count seventy five falls...

I finally reach at the end of the slope, and take off my skis...

I enter the restaurant, take a seat, and check if my back is still operational...

I ask for a large bowl with boiled tzuica (a national spirit booze) and a bowl with soup...

I don't finish ordering, when the blond beauty from the train comes and, without asking, takes a seat in front of me, at my table.

She's very open, shining, and communicative:

" Hi! I'm Carina! And you are?..."

I look at her, surprised:

I introduce myself.

She smiles at me, then continues:

"Yeah, I know, apart from your name, the suicidal guy on the slope!"...

I look at her in a serious manner:

"Why do you say that?!?"

"Well, mister, you owe me at least a cup of tzuica! You have, practically, ruined my day!"

I'm amazed...

"Why do you say that?!?"

She composes herself, and shoots:

"I have seen your friend taking care of you on the slope, but, when I've seen that he has given up watching you, I just couldn't help but watching over you, from a distance..."

I cannot help but say:

"Gosh! You were, if I may say so, my guarding angel!"...

She's smiling:

"It so happens that I know the chief of the people who are supposed to save you, in case you have an accident on the slope - and I was so ready to go and give him a call"...

I look at her, smiling:

"And, if I may say so, do you regret that nothing has happened?"

She's confused:

"What do you mean?"...

"Well, maybe you needed a reason to call him... Big guy, probably good looking, and so on!"...

She jumps on her feet, and starts going I don't know where...

"Hey! Hey! Hey! I was joking! Really!..."

She stops, turns around, and slowly gets closer to the table...

I stand up, and we shake hands - We make peace.

After I promise that I won't make any stupid jokes, as I personally describe them, she finally accepts to take back her seat...

She's a student at medicine, therefore, I realize her concern about me...

I tell her about my skiing experience, about the fact that I hate having to leave in the evening, and she, as a good girl, tells me that if I really want to stay, for a day or two, she can try to arrange...

We take our gear, and go to a villa - the room is great, the bed is great, so that I give the money that I'm supposed to give to the concierge - no official papers - and... invite Carina to a restaurant in the neighborhood...

The food we order is exquisite, the beverages are the same, so that we really have a great time...

When we are almost ready, Carina looks sad...

"What is it?"

She still looks somewhat sad...

"I really wish I could also stay, but, unfortunately, I'm not prepared at all - no pajamas, no toothpaste, no nothing! I was prepared for only a one day trip!"...

I relpy:

"The real problem is the toothpaste and the tooth brushes - in rest, what the heck?!?"

We just go and I buy a tube of toothpaste, and two toothbrushes.

Carina is startled:

"Why only one toothpaste?!?"

"Cause you are going to share the room, the bed, and everything else with me!"

She looks at me, with bewilderment in her eyes:

"And... what makes you think that I would accept such a proposal?!?"

"That's quite simple! You're a grown up woman, and you know what you want! Really!"

"Well, I don't know!... Really!"

"Really! What don't you know?!? Can't you see that I'm ready to do whatever it takes to have you?!?"...

She bursts into laughter:

"It is really clear that you're joking! You buy some toothpaste and claim that you do I don't know what heroic act, without doing, in fact, the most simple, but essential thing!"...

Honestly, I'm amazed and bewildered...

We are in front of the shop where we've bought the toothpaste and things - the street is large, but somewhat empty...

I just grab Carina by her shoulders, and, real startled and quite angry, look into her eyes:

"What is it? Tell me!"

She melts:

"Kiss me!"...

It's my turn to get melted! I embrace her and start kissing her in a frenzy...

She stops me for a second:

"Now, that you kiss me, you are not supposed to stop until someone passes us by!"...

I have nothing against it, I really don't! Therefore, we stay embraced and kissing at least for a half of an hour! As I've mentioned, the street is somewhat deserted. Finally, a pair of young folks comes and enters the shop. We're done, but still have time to see that the two young ladies that were selling inside the shop are at the windows, admiring our performance...

We burst into laughter and move away...

Our lips are injected with blood, we've really performed something great...

We reach the villa, enter the room, and see that the concierge has arranged the stove to the max...

I shut the window and lock the door - we are marooned on an island of peace...

Her skiing suit just slides down, letting me see her wonderfully beautiful boobs, ready to be eaten and worshiped.

Her nipples are just like soldiers, expecting the order to jump - my hungry mouth is full...

I'm ready to eat every single bit of this beauty!...

And she's not the passive kind! She pushes me away and jumps away from her skiing suit, and all the rest of her underwear...

I get the point and, in only seconds, let her see me as my mother has delivered me on this planet, a few decades ago...

Her mouth is full with my tongue, trying to reach her throat, which, of course, is not possible.

I'm crazy, my embrace is strong and fierce.

I really need to bite this woman, but I need to find the right place - the neck can be seen, and, even if I'm wild now, in the back of my mind, I do remember that we do live in a civilized world...

Finally, I choose her inner thighs. She jumps and shouts like crazy, but I just go from left to right, and return...

She's forcibly pulling my hair, yelling and saying that I'm killing her. She, in spite of the real pain, enjoys the treat...

I forcibly introduce two fingers inside her vagina, while my thumb is taking care, merciless, of her clitoris.

She's pushing her waist against my thumb as if it is the end of the world...

Her orgasm comes in seconds...

"Aaaaahhhh!... Oooohhhhh!... Whaaaaw!... Wheeeeew!... Shiiiiit!... Hiiiiit it!... Let me have it all!... Doooooo it to me!...

My dick is uncontrollably hard, oozing precum and searching for a hole to jump in...

I cannot even feel the soles of her feet on my chest - I enter her, hard and merciless, while she accepts me and lets me go deep, deep inside, until she cannot take it anymore and yells:

"Shit! You're ripping me inside there! You are so big and hard! Do me!... Take me!... Kill me!... Fuck! Fuck! Fuck me!... Come on!... Don't stop!... Just do it!"...

I keep on banging her, with no mercy, for more than a half of an hour...

Suddenly, she grabs me by my hair: "Stop!"

Then she leaves me on the bed, and goes and starts searching inside the bag of things she's bought from the shop - she brings a plastic little bottle of lemon juice - she quickly unseals it, then sticks it deep down inside her vagina, and squeezes it a little.

"Now, big boy, fill me!..."

I get in, and start pumping. She receives me, welcomes me with her legs surrounding my ass, then she tells me:

"Now, you can let your fucking jizz fill me, deep down there!"

"Keep on! Keep on! Keep on!... Kick me! Kick me!... Hold me tight!... I'm cumming!... I'm cumming haaaaaaard!... Hold me!... Take me!... Don't let me gooooooo!... Hit me there!... Hit me!... Gosh! You're so goooood!"...

I cannot keep it anymore - I just push and let go...

She's milking me, it's clear that she's had another orgasm, together with me...

We rest together, until my dick slides out, naturally, limp and used.

Now, we really have a problem, since the bath is on the hall, so that we're supposed to get dressed to reach there.

Furthermore, I have forgotten to buy any serviettes, or napkins...

It's shitty, but the sex was just great!

Carina reaches for her purse and takes a cotton pad...

So, the problem is, somewhat, solved...

We have nothing - no pajamas, no wrappers, no nothing...

She looks at my dick insistingly:

"Let me clean you!"

Suddenly, she's on her knees, and with her mouth full of dick - my dick!

She stops for a moment:

"You cannot even dream what a great combination can be the mix of the jizz and my vaginal juices, plus the lemon juice!"...

Gosh! I'm game! Hard as a rock again, digging deep into Carina's throat.

She gags, turns me away, and says:

"Give it back to me, down there! I may be dirty, but it's our dirt!"...

I'm in! Carina sighs in somewhat pain and desperation. My pelvis is pressing hers, and I'm sure that her clitoris is just happy...

I start humping her, while she's giving me shouts like:

"Yes! Yes! Do me!... Take me!... Yes!... Hold me!... Kick me!... Pump me!... Don't let me go!... Hold me tight!... Pump me!... Kick me!... Kiiiiilllll me!..."

She orgasms, once, twice, thrice!

She suddenly grasps my shoulders:

"Don't you dare spread your jizz inside me, down there! I want to taste you, eat you, drink you!"...

It doesn't take me more than five minutes, until I feel it coming again...

"Baby, I'm close, almost done!"

She jumps - takes the bottle with lemon juice at hand and starts jerking me - I'm almost there - I let her know.

She just squeezes a little juice from the bottle inside her mouth, then takes the dick in.

Her tongue is making wonders - I let my jizz flow...

She keeps me in, until I'm limp again...

Then, she desperately looks around: "Now I really need to take a shower!"...

Finally, what the heck? I take a blanket from the bed, and cover Carina's body. Then I check the wardrobe, find another one, and cover my body.

"Now, sweetie, let's go!"

The shower is fantastic! No flexible hose, the water coming only from above, the locking system of the door, broken!...

The only good thing is that the water can be made to be hot - real hot!

We don't have any soap, any shampoo, anything at all!...

We stay in the shower for more than an hour, caressing each other's bodies only with our palms...

Just water and friction...

Carina isn't happy at all:

"Tomorrow we are back at Bucharest!"

Who am I to say no?!?

It isn't, yet, eleven o'clock in the morning, when we're already at my apartment - at five o'clock in the morning we were giving the key of our room to the concierge - with Carina anxious to take a real shower - she kindly asks me to let her have the shower alone, so that I just sit on the arm chair and treat myself with a glass of whiskey.

After she finishes, Carina comes into the room, gets on her knees in front of my chair, and starts sucking my dick - she's great at it, and, since she really insists, after ten minutes or so, I let my jizz fill her mouth...

I then insist to take her with me into the bath tub - I let the water flow, and, after the water level is above her pussy, I stop the water and unscrew the handle attached to the shower hose. Then, I turn the water back on, and point the jet of the water towards Carina's pussy.

"Oh! Shit!... What is this?!? Shit!... God!... Shit!... Oooooooooh!... Gosh!... Ohhhhhhhhhhhh!... Gooooood!... Shiiiiiiit!... Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!... This is it!... Yeahhhhhh!... Gosh! I'm finiiiiiiiished!..."

After she finishes her orgasm, she starts laughing:

"Well, knowing this, now, I don't think I need a man anymore!"...

I smile, and screw back the handle to the hose...

I embrace her, kiss her passionately, and tell her:

"You may be right, you may not need a man, but this man needs to fuck you, and, if you don't mind, I'd like to explore your arse"...

She tenses:

"Wheew! I've only been done there once, and I've been forced when I did it!"...

She then looks into my eyes:

"Are you gonna force me?"...

I look at her, and hold her tight:

"And... did you like it?"

She smiles a little, smirks, then says:

"I admit that I do like some pain, but... not that pain!"...

I say nothing further - I lead her out of the tub and from the bathroom...

We are on the bed - Carina's been riding me for more than an hour, having several orgasms, when I stop her, push her up a little, take my dick with one hand, and aim it's head towards her arse.

When she feels it over there, she jumps:

"I've thought that I've told you already about this!"...

"Yeah, but this time, I want you to try it yourself, at your free will"...

"...I'm afraid!"...

"Just do it!"...

It takes her more than ten minutes until she decides to stick it in, but, when she does, she suddenly starts shivering - orgasm after orgasm - she's full of perspiration and she sighs...

I make her raise, turn her over, on her fours, then stick my dick back, deep, up her ass.

She has another orgasm, while I let my jizz fill her...

Then I make her lay on a side, and we stay like that, embraced, even after my dick is long gone out of her arse...

From time to time, I kiss her shoulder, lick it, bite it a little...

We go back at the shower, and she spends more than a half of an hour in the tub...

"Now, after using and abusing me for so long and in so many pleasant ways, will you please take me to the dorm, so that I can get rid of this skiing gear?"

I look at her and smile:

"Carina dear, if it would be only after me, I would keep you here, for an unlimited time, letting you wear nothing but some cotton tiny little patches during your periods!"...

She bursts in a laughter:

"Don't tempt me! Here I've got good music, good food, drinks, no need to learn!"...

I also start laughing and get dressed.

Since she's got the skis, we can only take a bus.
