 This is my first submitted story. It's part memoir and part fantasy. Unfortunately, it's the first part that is true, and the rest that I'm still, just like my username, desperately hoping for.

*****

I

Cara lay in bed, her dog Sophie snoring gently at her side, and ached with loneliness and yearning. Sophie made the bed feel less lonely, true, but Cara knew she needed more. She longed for someone to look at her with a mixture of love and lust, someone to tell her she was beautiful, and truly mean it. She hungered for a man's touch, the feel of his hardness letting her know she was wanted. In the past six and a half years, she had only had sex once, six months ago. Her mind drifted back to that encounter, as she replayed it over and over again in her mind...

...They had been writing back and forth with amazing intensity for two weeks. He was the first man she had clicked with in six years, the first man to reawaken feelings and hopes that she hadn't felt in so long. She had shared herself with him, telling him things she had told no other man, not since the disastrous end to her engagement six years earlier. Their email and text conversations had been barreling toward the sexual with little subtlety. Not knowing when this opportunity would present itself again, she decided to invite him to her place for their third date, ostensibly for lunch and a movie. Waiting for him to arrive, she tensed with worry and anticipation. What if he wasn't attracted to her? What if he took one look at her naked and ran away? 

Her litany of worries was interrupted by a knock at her door. With a deep breath, she opened it to see him standing there, smiling. Hugging him, she invited him in.

"How's it going?" she asked.

"Same old. Thanks for inviting me over," he replied.

"Sure! Did you bring a movie? My selection's pretty limited. It's over there." Cara pointed to her TV stand and the small stack of DVDs.

"Wow, you weren't kidding about this selection," he exclaimed, rifling through the movies. Predictably, out of her selection of chick flicks, he passed her one of her favorites, The Fifth Element. 

"Awesome, I love that movie!" She smiled and passed him the DVD remote. "Can you get it started?"

He turned on the DVD player, which was a bit temperamental, and barely managed to throw the DVD on the tray before it snapped closed.

"Whoa, what's the matter with your DVD player?" he asked, getting up to sit next to her on the couch. 

"Oh, I know, it's a bit weird. But I haven't used it in forever," she replied. "I don't watch that many movies, as you can tell from my limited choices." Suddenly, she felt very nervous. She knew she wanted something to happen, but had no idea how to make a move. Hitting PLAY on the remote with shaking hands, she started to repeat herself. "Yeah, I don't know when the last time I used--"

She was interrupted by his lips on hers, and she instantly sank back to lie on the couch, him on top of her. Sparks shot through her body, like they hadn't in so long, as her mouth melted against his. Their tongues battled as she opened her mouth wide, taking him into her. Cara sighed into his mouth, savoring the feeling. Her hands moved up from his sides to rest in the small of his back, pulling him closer to her, as they continued to kiss with more and more urgency. Her touch told him she wanted to move this forward, and his hands began to roam up and down her sides, with one eventually coming to rest on her breast. She moaned, pushing herself into his hand. They broke the kiss, staring at each other, and she felt his hands on her hips, gently pushing her shirt up. Taking her cue from him, only stopping to think and doubt for a second, she raised her arms, allowing him to strip her shirt off. This was only the second man she had ever done this with in her 29 years, and she wasn't going to let anything get in the way of her getting what she had lacked for so long. Without hesitation, once her shirt was off and on the floor, he reached behind her, unhooking her bra and moving it down and off her arms, dropping it next to her shirt.

She gasped as his hand flew back to her breast, this time pinching and fingering her nipple. She arched her back, willing him to take more of her, and he lowered his head over her tit, sucking her nipple into his mouth, gently playing at it with his tongue, then biting it just enough to send shocks throughout her body. A long-forgotten feeling began to tingle in her center, as her underwear began to get moist. 

Edging a little down her body, he lifted his head to take her all in. She held her breath, hoping she wasn't disappointing him. Gently, he fingered the tattoo on her rib below her right breast, his eyes lingering on it. Impatiently, she pulled him back up into another kiss, hungrily devouring him, and began to slightly buck her hips, pressing them against his now-hardening cock. 

"I can't believe this is happening," Cara breathed as they came up for air. 

"What? Watching The Fifth Element?" he joked.

"Of course," she said with a smile. Then, with all seriousness, "It's been so long...This feels amazing."

Wordlessly, he leaned back into her, bringing his mouth to hers once more. Their tongues continued to wrestle and his hands continued to explore her body, each touch sending ripples through her, making her want so much more. Eventually, they parted long enough to sit back, him keeping an eye on her still exposed tits. 

"Are you hungry?" she asked, taking a deep breath. He nodded, and she reluctantly began to re-dress, putting back on her black bra and shirt. Getting him lunch, she sat next to him, nervously eating a tangerine. 

"You're not eating?" he inquired. 

"I'm not really very hungry," she replied, her voice wavering slightly.

When he was finished, he leaned back onto his side of the couch, and she lay on top of him, resting her head on his chest. Sighing with contentment, she placed his hands on her back, where they continued to stroke her. Turning their attention to the movie that had previously been playing to an inattentive audience, they finished watching it with minimal conversation. 

When the movie ended, she sat up, and he made to get off the couch. 

"I should go," he said. "I still have so much to do at home, and tomorrow's a work day."

Her mind racing, she knew she couldn't leave things this way. Who knew what would happen in the future? If she would have this chance again? Her pussy protested at the thought of him leaving without pleasuring it. Summoning up all of her courage, she did something she never thought she would do, certainly not on a third date. Taking his hand, she led him to the bedroom. "Come on," she whispered.

The truth was, Cara had known she wanted this to happen when she invited him. She knew he was finally going to break her achingly long drought, and she wasn't going to let this chance slip away.

Sitting on the bed, she pulled him into her, breaking their kiss only long enough to take his shirt off. Following her example, he once again removed her shirt and bra, his hand instantly moving back up to fondle her nipple, stroking and squeezing. She moaned with pleasure, feeling the moisture soak her panties. 

Leaning back to lie down on the bed, she pulled him onto her, placing her legs on either side of him. As they kissed, she began to fumble with his belt, but she was woefully out of practice. He leaned back, and grabbed hold of the side of her pants, attempting to pull them off, but the tight fit resisted his efforts.

"How tight are these pants?!" he exclaimed, continuing to pull. Cara laughed, her voice filled with lust, and lifted her hips up, as he finally maneuvered her pants and black panties off and threw them aside. Crawling back off the bed, but never breaking eye contact, he took his pants and boxers off, then climbed back up her body. She lay there, holding her breath, while he took all of her in. Knowing this would likely happen, she had tamed her bush, shaving and trimming down to a short but thick triangle. Keeping her eyes on his face, afraid to look down and lose her nerve, she pulled him back down onto her, this time spreading her legs wider, silently begging him to notice.

Rolling off of her and to the side, he reached his hand down to meet her hot pussy. Swirling his fingers around her slit, he found her clit and began to rub gently, eliciting a slight moan. Moving boldly forward, he slipped first one, then two fingers inside of her, and began stroking the sensitive ribbed surface, causing Cara to gasp and let out a high-pitched moan with every stroke. As he fingered her pussy, she was in delicious agony. She wanted more, but this felt so amazing, she never wanted it to end. Feeling waves of pleasure, she buried her face in his neck and dug into his shoulder with her nails, stiffening as her pussy contracted around his fingers.

"You're definitely a G-spot girl," he said with a smile, maintaining the pressure inside of her as she whimpered, almost biting down on his shoulder.

She couldn't take it anymore. This wasn't enough for her.

"Wait," she managed to gasp out.

"Don't worry, I'm not going to have sex with you," he said gently, his fingers keeping up the work inside of her. She had told him she'd only slept with one person before.

But that wasn't what she meant. 

"No..." she said, breathing heavily. Focusing, she reached down to open the drawer under her bed, pulling out a condom. Her friend had sent them to her years ago, as a joke, when Cara had finally started to date again, but she had never had occasion to use them before. In fact, they had all expired, all except the two in this drawer.

She handed him the condom. "Here."

"Are you sure?" he asked.

"Why? You didn't expect to have sex on the third date?" she replied with a laugh.

"No, it's just I like you, and I don't want to go too fast for you."

"It's not. Really. Please," she breathed, her face bright with lust and desire.

He sat back and rolled the condom onto his dick, then positioned himself between her legs and moved his hard cock into her slit. "Fuck, you're too tight. This won't work." He hooked one leg after another over his shoulders, tilting her hips up toward him. With some effort, he guided himself in, and they moaned together as he buried himself inside her. 

"Shit, you're like a fucking vise," he groaned, thrusting in and out slowly.

"Well, it has been six years," she managed to say.

Picking up speed, his face set with desire and determination, he fucked her harder and harder.

"You're so tight, I'm not gonna last long," he grunted.

"That's...ok..." Cara gasped out.

She had forgotten what it felt like to feel full, not with a cold plastic vibrator, but a hot throbbing dick, the weight of a man on top of her, pushing himself inside of her over and over again. She moaned with pleasure, closing her eyes and savoring the feeling, the slight pain that came with having sex after so long.

He had been right, he didn't last long. But she hadn't been expecting much. She just needed to feel close to someone again. To be wanted. With a groan, he came, then collapsed at her side. Stripping off the condom, he looked at her with a question in his eyes, and she motioned him to the trash can in the corner. 

After throwing out the condom, he lay back next to her and closed his eyes. She nestled into him, her head on his shoulder, blissfully happy to be there. Gathering up her courage, she whispered, "You know, I've never actually had an orgasm before..." She trailed off, waiting for his reaction.

"Don't worry. We'll get you there."

They didn't. They didn't get anywhere. One week after they slept together, he ghosted on her. Disappeared without a trace, leaving her with only a yearning for something she had once forgotten she wanted...

...Cara sighed as she was brought back to her reality, Sophie's snores ringing in her ears. Tears rolling down her face, she rolled over and went to sleep.

II

Several weeks later, while walking Sophie, Cara looked down at her phone to see a message from yet another online suitor. She was expecting some subtle come-on like, "I want to tell you what to do in a good way" or "You have beautiful lips," but this one was different. He was funny and showed an interest in her, he'd obviously read her profile, and he was cute. Smiling, she started to write back.

As the days passed, they wrote to each other with increasing frequency, until they finally decided to go on a date. Cara was nervous, but excited to meet him, and the hours flew by without her noticing. He was as funny in person as he was over the internet, and he was her intellectual equal. David was smart and well-read, and she enjoyed talking to him. He was 37, compared to her 29, but she loved the maturity that came with his age. They started talking on the phone every day, meeting for both lunch and dinner in one weekend. Cara knew she was a sensitive romantic in the protective shell of a sarcastic cynic, but he managed to penetrate that armor and touch her soul. She felt herself falling for him, but she resisted inviting him over to her place. She was afraid of how far she might go, afraid of feeling stupid and used again.

On their fourth date, three weeks into their relationship, he invited her over for dinner and a movie at his place. She knew what that meant, and steeled herself to resist her desires and keep in control. They had kissed a few times, some quite passionate, once in the car when they drove up a mountain to see a meteor shower after dinner. That night, there was no one around, and he had clearly wanted to take things further. His hands had caressed her sides and hips, cupping her ass to draw her closer. As their kisses became faster and more intense, she felt his hands try to pull her shirt up, but she gently moved them away. He got the hint and didn't try again. But this would be the first time they would be truly alone together, in private. 

On her way to his house, she felt a bit of panic setting in. She desperately wanted to move this relationship forward - he was the best guy she'd met in a very long time, and she wanted to keep him interested. A man like that was probably used to getting whatever woman he wanted, and she hoped he wanted her. All the same, she wasn't quite ready to take that final step. Not after last time.

He opened the door for her with a wide smile, pulling her into a warm hug. "Come on in! Dinner's almost ready. Want to see the house?" Grabbing her hand, he led her inside, taking her on a tour of his house. Cara felt herself relaxing in his company. It was so easy to be with him, and he made her feel comfortable and safe. After they had dinner - lasagna, his specialty (it was delicious) - he turned on the movie. Actually, it wasn't a movie, but a TV show: Firefly, one of their favorites. As Cara watched the familiar scenes, she unconsciously moved closer and closer to him, until he was lying on his back on the couch and she was wedged next to him, her head and right arm on his chest, his hand stroking up and down her side. She felt peaceful.

When they both laughed at a funny part, he looked down with a smile and gently kissed her, his mouth opening just slightly. She leaned her head up, taking more of him in. His tongue slowly brushed the inside of her mouth, the subtle contact sending little tremors through her body. Moaning softly, she probed his mouth harder, more insistently. She pulled herself up so she was sitting on him, her legs on either side, as his hands started their path up and down her sides, coming to rest on her ass, then pulling her tighter against him. Suddenly, in one swift motion, he sat up and laid her on her back, laying down on top of her, without ever breaking their kiss. Their moans grew louder, their thrusting tongues battling. The next time David's tongue flicked into her mouth, she sucked on it slightly, eliciting a groan. He began grinding his crotch into hers, and she felt his cock harden against her. Cara could also feel herself getting wetter every time his hips bucked against her.

She wrapped her legs around him, pulling him into her, as he drew his lips from hers and began sucking gently on her ear, then biting and tugging on it. Cara had always had a weakness for being bitten, and as he licked, kissed, and nibbled his way from one ear, across her neck, and to her other ear, she sighed and gasped, sliding her hands onto his ass, drawing him closer. David's hand found its way to her breast and began stroking it through her shirt and bra. Cara arched her back under his hand, pushing her tit into it. In response, David's hands moved to her hips and the bottom of her shirt, tentatively starting to slide it up her sides and this time, instead of stopping him, she raised her arms above her head.

As he peeled her shirt off, her arms flew to her middle, covering the stomach she was so ashamed of. Gently, he lifted them off of her, whispering, "It's ok. You don't need to do that." Reluctantly, she let him pick up her arms, and placed them onto his back. She closed her eyes, however, afraid of looking at him as he drank in his first view of her.

His fingers traced their way up her sides and onto her stomach, making her tense, then circling her belly button and brushing under the edge of her pants, making her gasp. Continuing his exploration of her, his hands moved up until they came to the edge of her bra. Reaching behind her, he looked at her and asked, "Can I?" She nodded, a lump in her throat.

Unhooking her bra, he pulled it away from her and threw it to the side. He took in her breasts, the nipples erect, the tattoo on her ribs, her chest still heaving with breathlessness.

"Wow," he breathed. 

Her head snapped up and her eyes fluttered open. "What's wrong?" 

"Nothing," he shook his head. "You're beautiful," he said, tracing his fingers across her tattoo and around her breasts.

"You don't have to say that. You've already got my shirt off." Her voice had an edge to it. She didn't want platitudes. She knew what he wanted, and she was already giving it to him, but she wasn't going to be patronized. 

"Stop it. I wouldn't say it if I didn't mean it. You really are beautiful. And that tattoo is fucking sexy."

Cara laughed. The tension dissipated and she let her guard down once again. 

Seizing the moment, David lowered his head to her tit, and took her hard nipple in his mouth, rolling it between his lips, then biting it softly. Cara gasped and ran her hands through his hair, pushing his mouth down onto her. Without protest, he hungrily devoured her, licking and sucking. Cara sighed with pleasure. As she eased up the pressure on his head, he lifted it from her breast and Cara took the opportunity to pull his shirt off and press herself into his chest, her breasts tingling and her nipples hardening even more. After pulling her into a deep kiss, David began making his way down her body, kissing and licking, until he came to the top of her jeans. Slowly, he undid the top button and slid her fly down. Working his way back up to her face, he bit at her bottom lip, then opened his mouth wide, his tongue continuing to explore her mouth. At the same time, he slipped his hand between her jeans and her panties, finding her mound and feeling how incredibly wet she was.

"Holy shit..." he panted.

Cara moaned and raised her hips to meet his hand, the base of his palm pressing on her clit. Even with his hand between them, David couldn't keep himself from thrusting his hard cock, still encased in his pants, against her, harder and harder. Their breaths came faster and their gasps and moans mingled in the air, growing louder.

"Oh, god," Cara groaned. "That feels so amazing."

"I want you so bad," he whispered. 

The intensity of his voice cut through her lusty fog and brought her back to rationality. Cara could feel her resistance melting and she knew she wouldn't be able to stop him if they kept going. She pulled his hand away from her pussy.
