 I

About a month and a half into their relationship, it was David's birthday. Cara invited herself over to his house to cook him dinner and celebrate. After they had eaten and she had given him his present (an autographed copy of his favorite book), they were sitting on the couch cuddling and watching TV.

Cara sat up. "Oh, I almost forgot," she said with a sly smile. "Are you ready for part two of your birthday gift?"

David looked at her in confusion. "But you already gave me your gift, didn't you?"

"This one is...more of an experience." As she said that, she unzipped his fly and pulled his cock out of his boxers. While gently stroking it, she opened his legs and got down on her knees between them in front of him. As his penis grew in her hands, she leaned over and gave it a soft lick on the tip, where a drop of pre-cum was beginning to form. David moaned.

Putting his hand on her cheek, he said, "You know, you don't have to do this, just because of what I did."

She rose briefly to give him a kiss. "I know I don't have to, and that's not why I'm doing it. Well, not completely. I want to make you feel as wonderful as you made me feel. And I like doing it."

Back on her knees, she looked up at him and smiled. He was looking at her with such caring, his eyes slightly wide at the sight of her kneeling in front of him, her hand on his dick. She scanned down his body, taking in his smiling face, his broad shoulders, strong arms, and his penis, hard, wide, thick, and long, standing proudly in the patch of hair. A feeling of desperation flooded over her as she resisted the desire to climb on top of him, put that cock inside of her and slam herself down on it until he filled her completely. But he had given her and taught her so much, and she desperately wanted to return the favor by giving him as much pleasure as he had bestowed upon her. Summoning all of her self-control - today was about him - she forced herself to focus on him. 

Fighting the urge to take him all into her mouth, she first licked slowly up and down his shaft, causing him to gasp. She kissed the tip of his dick, then licked it, tasting the pre-cum that was again starting to drip from it. She then placed her mouth over the head of his cock, sucking on it like it was a delicious lollipop and licking the ridge of it, then letting it drop out of her mouth. He groaned in protest, then gasped as she licked and sucked his balls, causing him to shudder. 

When she could tell he couldn't take it anymore, she moved back to his cock, forcing him to catch his breath as she enveloped him with the wetness of her mouth and sucked deep and hard, bringing him as far into her mouth as she could, his cock almost hitting the back of her throat. It had been a long time since she had done this, and she hoped she was still pretty good at it. She continued to slowly suck in and out as he began to writhe and moan in pleasure. Her limited experience came flooding back and she seemed to know the exact moments when to switch from slow to fast and then back to slow again. Her mouth worked his dick up and down, his hand coming down on her head and his fingers gently grasping her hair. The sounds he was making turned her on and she moaned onto his cock, making him go wild.

After a few minutes, she brought her hand up to the base of his shaft and began to move it up and down in time with her sucking. He gasped and moaned louder and louder, trying to keep his hips from thrusting his cock into her throat. 

"Shit, Cara, that feels fucking incredible! Oh, god, yes!"

And then, as she felt him getting close to orgasm...she stopped. 

He screamed.

"No, don't stop...don't stop...please...please!!" he managed to utter between gasps of desperation and need.

Smiling lasciviously and looking him straight in the eye as he begged and pleaded, she slowly placed her mouth back over his penis and sucked in once, slowly and forcefully. Then, all at once, she surprised him by beginning to suck hard and fast, faster than ever before, one hand moving at the base of his shaft, the other playing with his balls. Within seconds Cara could feel he was ready to come.

"Cara, wait...wait...oh, fuck!" he panted his warning. Despite his protests, though, she continued her assault, keeping up the pace with her mouth and hands. 

"Oh, shit!" With a loud grunt, his hand pushed her head down onto his dick and she felt the cum fill her mouth. Swallowing as fast as she could, she continued sucking, making sure to milk everything his cock had to give. When she was done, she let him drop from her mouth and smiled up at him as he sat on the couch, his head back, panting.

When he had caught his breath, he leaned down and pulled her up onto his lap, giving her a deep kiss. "Thank you, that was wonderful," he whispered. Wrapping his arms around her, he hugged her to himself. 

"I love you, Cara."

Cara's head snapped up and she saw the hopeful look in his eyes, and broke out into a wide smile.

"I love you, too, David. And happy birthday."

With that, their lips met again and the lovers drank each other in.

II

"No way, you really did that?" Cara laughed uproariously, turning to David. 

"Ok, it was college! We all did stupid shit!" he said defensively, but he was laughing, too.

They were out to dinner with David's best friend Josh and his wife Ally. Josh had been regaling Cara with embarrassing stories of David, and they were laughing so hard they were near tears.

"Who knew you were such a troublemaker?" Cara teased, looking at him with a mixture of humor and affection. 

"You're lucky Cara met you at such a mature, responsible age," Josh ribbed David. "A woman like her wouldn't have given you a second look back then." 

Cara blushed at the compliment and gave David's hand a squeeze. 

"He's right, you know." David looked at Cara. "I wouldn't have stood a chance with you." Cara blushed a deeper red.

"Oh, I doubt it," she replied wryly. "I wasn't exactly at my best in college, either."

"I don't think anyone is," Ally guffawed. "But it sure does make for some interesting stories!"

"Here's to interesting stories!" Josh raised a glass.

"Here, here!" they all joined in, clinking wine glasses.

Cara felt a wonderful warmth in this company. David's friends were starting to become her friends, and she didn't remember ever feeling this happy. At that moment, Josh and Ally spied some people they knew at the restaurant entrance, and went over to say hello.

Cara turned to David and gave him a deep kiss. "Thank you," she said simply.

"For what?"

"For...bringing some life into my life," she replied.

David's face broke into a beaming smile and she kissed him again, this time letting her tongue flick into his mouth briefly. He uttered a quiet moan.

"Now look what you've done," he complained.

Cara looked down at his growing erection and giggled. "Sorry."

"No, you're not!" David laughed.

Cara chuckled. "No, you're right. I'm really not."

Giving her a loving look, David pulled her into a hug.

When Josh and Ally returned to the table, Cara excused herself to go to the restroom. Coming back to the table, she felt a frisson of anticipation at what she was about to do. Sitting back down next to David, she grabbed his hand and deposited the item she had been carrying - her panties, which she had removed in the bathroom. The feeling of being naked under her skirt was absolutely delicious. She looked slyly over at David and watched his expression turn from confusion to surprise to lust. Making sure they were covered by the tablecloth, he surreptitiously ran his hand up her thigh and brushed against her mound. Cara gasped quietly. She was glad she had worn a dark skirt because she could feel herself becoming wet.

Cara and David spent the rest of the dinner teasing each other with little touches under the table, their desire simmering under the surface as they laughed and made conversation. Finally, dinner was over and, after the hugs and goodbyes, they got into David's car so he could give her a ride home.

As soon as the car doors slammed, David grabbed her and pulled her in for a rough kiss. "You," he breathed, "are in so much trouble!"

Cara burst out laughing. "Oh, did you like that?"

Kissing her again, David plunged his hand under her skirt, to find her pussy soaking wet. He groaned loudly.

"Shit, Cara! You're gonna make me fuck you right here!"

Cara laughed again. "You better drive, my friend."

Reluctantly, David started the car and they drove in comfortable silence, until Cara reached over into his lap and began to gently stroke his cock under his pants. 

"Oh, god!" he exclaimed. "You'd better stop, or I'm going to have to pull over."

Primly, Cara put her hands back in her lap. "I don't know what you're talking about," she said with a smirk. "I wasn't doing anything." 

"You better be careful, or you're gonna get it."

"Oh, yeah?" Cara asked, her eyebrows raised. "What, exactly, is it that I'm going to get?" She reached over to stroke him again. "Would it be this cock?" Cara loved teasing him, but the truth was that she was as hungry for him as he was for her.

David let out a sound somewhere between a gasp and a moan. "Fuck," he muttered.

"I'm sorry, what was that?" Cara teased.

David shook his head. "You just wait until my hands are free."

At this point, they were pulling up in the parking lot in front of Cara's building.

"I don't suppose you'd like to come up?" she innocently asked, with a sly smile.

"Well, what kind of gentleman would I be if I didn't walk you to your door?" David answered laughingly. 

They walked to the elevator as fast as they could, laughing and trying to keep their hands to themselves.

Bursting through the door of Cara's apartment, giving Sophie a cursory hello, they made their way to her bedroom and tumbled onto her bed, never breaking their kiss. David's hand found its way back up Cara's skirt, his fingers beginning to thrum over her clit. Gasping, she took her mouth off of his long enough to pull his shirt off, throwing it to the side, then ran her hands over his chest, and a quiet moan escaped him. Impatiently, he pulled upward on her shirt, stripping it off of her. Her bra quickly followed. Giving him a sultry look, Cara scooted back up the bed, lying down with her head on the pillow and outstretching her arms, beckoning David to join her. He moved swiftly to her, lowering himself down on top of her. 

They kissed passionately, their tongues swirling together, penetrating each other's mouths with insistence. David began slowly sliding his hand back up her thigh, but Cara couldn't wait much longer. Reaching down and unbuckling his belt, she pushed down his pants and boxers to reveal his erect cock. Wrapping her hand around it, she made David jerk and gasp as he tried to free his legs from the pants, while she started to stroke slowly up and down. Rid of his pants, he reached behind her to unzip her skirt, and pulled it off of her in one swift motion. He began to make his way down her body, but she stopped him.

"No, don't. I need you in me, right now," she said desperately.

Wordlessly, he moved back up, positioned himself on his forearms and buried himself to the hilt in her in one forceful thrust. They moaned in unison and he crushed her lips with his. He pulled himself out almost completely, making Cara whimper at the emptiness. She wrapped her legs around him, her feet on his ass, trying to urge him back in. Slowly, resisting her efforts, he pushed his way back inside her. He continued his slow, deliberate thrusts as Cara writhed under him, trying to speed him up. His pubic bone was hitting her clit with every thrust, and the torture of the slow fucking was driving her crazy. 

"Please," she moaned. "Faster. Fuck me harder."

Her words seemed to break his concentration and he could no longer keep his lust in check. He rammed himself into her over and over, with such intensity that he lifted her bottom of off the bed every time, hitting her cervix and causing her to let out a scream. She clawed at his back, making him moan every time her nails scraped his skin. The mixture of pain and pleasure she felt was driving her to her peak. It didn't take very long for her to feel the warmth spreading through her, and she cried out as the orgasm overtook her. 

"Fuck! David! Yes!" she yelled out.

The sound of her screaming his name as she came must have been too much for David, because, with a deep growl, he thrust into her one last time and sprayed her pussy walls with his hot cum, causing her to let out another cry.

"Yes! Fuck, I love when you cum inside of me!"

David grunted as he collapsed on top of her, and she tightened her grip on him, their chests heaving together. When they caught their breath, David rolled off of her to lay at her side, Cara letting out a gasp as his dick pulled out of her. He pressed his lips against hers, kissing her deeply.

"God, I love you, Cara."

"Me or the sex?" asked Cara with a wry smile.

David gave her a stern look, but she could see a smile pulling at his lips.

"I fucking love the sex," David clarified. "But I love you more."

"I love you, too, David," Cara replied. "And the sex, too." She laughed.

She turned around and let David pull her into him, his hand on her breast. She pushed her ass into his dick, and he moaned quietly.

"Can you stay?" she asked.

"Mmm-hmmm," David nodded.

"Good." 

In the safety and warmth of his arms, Cara drifted off.

When she woke up the next morning, David was still asleep, right up against her. Gently lifting his arm off of her, making sure not to disturb him, she padded to the bathroom. When she was done freshening up, she quietly made her way back to the bedroom, stopping to admire the form of her lover sleeping in her bed. Her eyes fell on his morning hardness, and she smiled as an idea formed in her mind.

Carefully getting back on the bed, she positioned herself next to him, her face in front of his dick. She started by placing soft kisses up and down his shaft, causing him to stir and mumble something in his sleep. Slowly, she took his thick head in her mouth, sucking on it and swirling her tongue around. She brought her hands to the base of his cock, twisting gently. David's head snapped up off the pillow.

"What the..." His words trailed off when he saw her. She looked up at him and smiled around his dick, then took in the rest of him, her tongue continuing to work around the head and the shaft, causing David's hips to buck.

"Holy..." He gasped.

Bringing her hand up to play with his balls, she continued moving her mouth up and down his cock, varying the speed to keep him guessing. She moaned, the vibrations making David jerk. He began thrusting his hips in time with the movements of her mouth. Cara put one hand on his ass, urging him to fuck her mouth harder. He complied, moaning with every thrust as Cara sucked faster. She felt him tense, and with a "Fuck, Cara!" he bathed her mouth and throat in his cum, Cara swallowing furiously. When he was done, she let his cock drop, eliciting a groan, and licked him clean. She smiled up at him.

"Cara, that was...that was..." He seemed to be at a loss for words, breathing heavily.

"I'm going to go take poor Sophie on a walk. She's well overdue." She bounced off the bed, leaving him speechless.

III

A few weeks later, they were hanging out with Josh and Ally again, this time at David's house, talking about a college friend he recently had lunch with.

"Yeah," Josh was saying, looking at David, "we stopped hanging out with her for a long time after you guys broke up."

Cara tried to hide her surprise. "How long did you guys date?" she asked, struggling to appear nonchalant. 

"Maybe six months," David replied, seeming not to notice her discomfort.

Cara seethed at the news. She spent the rest of the evening attempting to mask her anger and hurt and act normally. When Josh and Ally finally left, she stood up to clear away the wine glasses, not looking at David.

"What's the matter? You were so quiet today," he inquired with a confused look.

Cara looked up, her pain and fury written all over her face. She had never been good at hiding her emotions, least of all when she was upset. David seemed taken aback by the intensity of her expression.

"What's wrong?" he asked again.

"She was your ex? You had lunch with your ex and didn't tell me?" 

"Oh, that."

"You told me she was a friend from college," Cara sputtered.

"Well, she was, I mean..."

Cara looked at him in disbelief.

David sighed. "You're right, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have had lunch with my ex. But I promise, nothing happened."

"That's not what this is about!" Cara yelled in frustration. "It's not the fact that you had lunch with your ex, David! I wouldn't have cared about that! It's the fact that you lied to me about it!"

Comprehension finally flooded David's features. He stood speechless.

"What was the one thing I asked you when we started dating?" Cara cried.

David's shoulders sagged. "To never lie to you. But I didn't want to upset you..."

"Didn't I tell you I'd rather hear the truth, no matter how painful?!" Cara interrupted.

"Yeah, you did, but I just didn't want to make a big deal out of it."

Cara stormed from the living room into the bedroom, sitting on David's bed, tears streaming down her cheeks. The sting of her failed engagement and the revelation that her fiancé had been lying to her about...well, almost everything...had haunted her all of these years, leaving her unable to really trust. She had known she was going to have to learn how to again if she was going to move forward with her life, and she had taken the chance with David. Now, she wasn't sure it had been the right decision.

She heard David come in the room and sit next to her. Cara jumped up, not wanting to be so close to him.

"Look," he said, "it was a long time ago, and we barely dated."

"Did you fuck her?"

David didn't reply.

"Did. You. Fuck. Her." Cara repeated. 

He nodded.

"Then you fucking dated!" 

She stood there, looking at him, while an internal battle raged as she tried to fight the desire to disappear and never have to feel this way again. 

"Please don't run," he said, reading her mind. "I know I fucked up. I'm sorry."

"I have to go," Cara whispered, turning to leave.

"Wait," he said, grabbing her arm. "Don't do this."

She whirled on him. "And what's that?" she snapped.

Recoiling at the rage in her eyes, David dropped her arm. "Don't give up on us. Please. I know I let you down. But you know this is real."

Silently, Cara once again turned to leave. This time, he pulled her back on the bed, landing on top of her to keep her from going anywhere.

"Get the fuck off of me," she seethed, struggling to free herself. He pinned her arms at her sides.

"No. Not until you hear me out. I know this was stupid. It was a mistake. I would never intentionally hurt you, Cara. I love you. I know you know that. I'm not going to let you walk out of here and out of my life. I promise I won't keep anything from you again."

Cara felt herself soften under him, his words slowly dissipating her fury. Maybe it was wrong, maybe she shouldn't, but she chose to believe him.

"You really hurt me," she sniffled.

He let her arms go and rolled off, laying down next to her.

"I know. I fucked up. I'm so sorry."

He put his arm around her and pulled her into him. 

"I'm so sorry," he murmured, sprinkling soft kisses from the corner of her eye, down her cheek and neck, and back up. 

In spite of herself, Cara sighed with pleasure. 

"Now, how can I make it up to you?" David asked.

"I'm sure you can think of something," said Cara, a bit of a twinkle returning to her eye.
