 Carl got to the wine bar about ten minutes late, fortunately he arrived just before Chastity. One thing that he felt never looked good was making a lady wait especially on a first date. The date started a little awkwardly, as most dates do but this one was because Chastity couldn't remember what Carl looked like at all. Luckily for her, Carl more than made up for it with his well polished patter and charm, and with drinks in hand the pair slid into a small booth and began the ritual dance of lust.

The pair left the bar around 10pm, two bottles of wine and a tapas platter down, jumping into a taxi heading to Chastity's flat a couple of miles away. Chastity would have claimed to have been a little drunk, but it wasn't from the wine. One of the things Carl hated was bedding a drunk, the sex was always so disappointing and the side effects were so difficult to predict. Instead he preferred to keep his dates sober but without really knowing it, after the first glass of wine they had drunk, the next two bottles were "light" meaning the alcoholic content was a round 3 or 4% alcohol per bottle instead of the normal 10-12% range, similar to drinking a pint of lager shandy really. This method had the effect of allowing his date to lighten up and relax under the pretence of getting drunk but not making them throw up or pass out from mild alcoholic poisoning, four times in five it worked, the fifth time he either got accused of being cheap or they developed no spark and the date ended naturally without the slightest issue.

In the back of the taxi light kissing turned to heavy petting and hands began to wander. The taxi driver adjusted his mirror to get a better view but the trip was short and the driver got nothing more than a little over the clothes touching before he pulled up at the doors to a small apartment building of a dozen or so flats. The fare was paid quickly and the pair walked quickly towards the entrance to the building and onwards to the second floor to Chastity's flat.

They took the stairs, Chastity mentioning something about the lift being home to tramps after dark leading the way up a concrete staircase three steps ahead of Carl. 

Following closely behind Chastity, Carl had a great view of her rounded behind as she moved up the stairs, her tight red skirt hugging her hips and ass, flashing a glimpse of stocking top as she moved spritely up the steps. Carl had no way of knowing yet if Chastity was wearing stockings or tights with a dark band to give the appearance of stockings, but his hopes of finding out he thought were pretty high. Chastity bounded up the steps, hitting the top step and spinning to make sure Carl was still with her, she caught Carl checking out her ass before he pulled his view upwards and finished climbing the last step to join her.

Chastity quickly leaned in for a kiss, planting her lips firmly onto Carls' before pulling away and slotting a key into the slightly scuffed and scratched white PVC and glass door to the left of the staircase, Chastity performed a short sequence of moving the door handle up and down while twisting the key. Some heavy duty locking mechanisms hidden in the moulded plastic door moved and clicked into place sliding the thirteen point securing system to an unlocked position. Chastity pulled the door open and flicked a switch just inside the hallway bathing the hall and the stairs in a bright light before stepping inside. Carl closely followed closing the door behind him, oblivious to the nine locking points that had automatically clicked into place when the door clicked shut, the other four being key operated dead bolts which extended several inches into the adjoining doorframe and brickwork. The door was installed at Chastity's fathers insistence shortly after she moved in. In the three years she had lived in the flat there had been at least three break in attempts, none had been successful in getting past the front door. 

The hallway was long and bare except for a full length mirror and some hooks for coats and keys, Carl hovered near the door as his eyes adjusted to the brightness from the hallway light. 

"Coffee?" Chastity asked half heartedly stepping out of the brightly lit hall into a side room which seemed dark in comparison to the hall. Carl took a couple of steps forward standing in the open doorway as he took in the new room. A much softer light illuminated the kitchen / living room, a bluish haze coming from under the kitchen wall units and some sunken spotlights in the ceiling gently bathing a central kitchen worktop against which Chastity was now leaning.

Carl shook his head slightly taking a step towards Chastity. Chastity smiled, she had no actual intention of boiling the kettle anyway, but it was part of the dance after all.

Carl closed the gap between them pressing himself against the waiting Chastity as his mouth found hers and they kissed with a deep intensity, Chastity wrapped her arms around Carl's neck, her hands softly touching his face and playing in his thick hair. Carl had dropped his hands to Chastity's hips, with his body pressing hers against the worktop his hands were free to roam as was his want.

Carl started with a squeeze of her firm full ass, sliding his hands down the backs of her thighs to the edge of her short skirt before moving up again pulling her red skirt upwards on her thighs. Carl's hands contacted skin as Chastity's skirt slipped above the top of her hold up stockings, his hands continuing up to cajole the flesh of her ass, eliciting a small moan of pleasure directly into his mouth as Chastity had her ass squeezed again. Carl changed his assault and moved one hand to the front of Chastity's skirt, smoothing his hand down once again to the skirt hem and then slowly dragging it back upwards, all the time the two were locked at the lips, tongues flicking inside each other's mouths as Carl drew his hand slowly up Chastity's inside thigh. As his palm connected with the black silky material between her legs Chastity broke the kiss throwing her head back and breathing heavily as the touch scrapped agonisingly over her knickers and up to the buttons on her skirt. Experienced fingers made light work of the two buttons and the hand was then moving down dragging the tight red skirt down with it.

Once the skirt was past Chastity's hips it quickly and easily fell to the floor. Carl moved his hands to the backs of her thighs again and lifted Chastity up on to the edge of the worktop. Carl stepped between her thighs before gently laying Chastity down on the kitchen surface. Bending over her Carl pushed her blouse up slightly, dipping his head to kiss her skin as the cream blouse ruffled up past her belly button and gathered loosely under her breasts, skin exposed from the waistband of her black knickers up to her lower ribcage. Her flat stomach tensed as Carl's mouth slowly cascaded kisses over the whole area with his luscious wet mouth. Chastity lay flat on the work top her legs parted by Carl's body as he bent and kissed her stomach, working his kisses ever lower towards her panty covered sex. Carl teased and skirted his mouth away from his ultimate target, following the line of the panties and kissing down the inside of Chastity's thigh, brushing his nose briefly across her knickers, inhaling the musky scent of Chastity's damp pussy as he moved his mouth to kiss the inside of her other thigh.

Hands and arms supporting Chastity's legs as they hung off of the work top Carl lifted and pushed them back and apart, Chastity complying with the movement as she felt Carl's mouth move closer to her pussy with every kiss. 

Carl's open mouth pressed firmly onto Chastity's covered pussy, lips, tongue and hot breath all working against the thin silky material covering Chastity's sensitive and tingling skin and small patch of blonde pubic hair. Chastity desperately wanted, no needed more contact. Slipping her hand underneath her raised legs she hooked a finger inside her panties and pulled the material sideways clearing the path for Carl and feeling his face bury itself hard into her pussy.

Carl licked, nipped and sucked for several minutes, driving Chastity crazy, making her cum quickly as his tongue lavished attention on her clit, circling it time and time again in preparation before mercilessly flicking it with rapid successive movements with the tip of his tongue until Chastity screamed with pleasure as her orgasm hit with the force of a tidal wave.

Carl knew better than to continue with the clit in the moments following orgasm choosing instead to tug gently on Chastity's juicy lips and running his aching tongue up and down the length of her wet pussy.

Chastity recovered quickly pulling Carls face up away from her pussy towards her own head, covering his face in kisses before pushing her tongue deep inside Carl's mouth. Chastity wasn't overly keen on tasting her own pussy but with the after ripples still pulsing inside her she wanted to share it with this man and show her appreciation of his efforts. Lips firmly locked together she dropped her hands and began fumbling with Carls belt and buttons on his trousers, now eager to repay the oral pleasure she had received with some of her own hard work, but the belt had other ideas. Chastity fumbled for a few seconds one hand pulling at the belt the other rubbing Carls swollen cock through his trousers. Having failed to release the belt Chastity broke the kiss to see what the issue was and remove the problem but Carl took control again. Gently but firmly Carl held Chastity's wrists and moved her arms up above her head, lowering his hands to collect her blouse and bra, pulling them up and over her head with a tug as her 34DD breasts released from the bra and dropped to sit pert and full on her chest.

Carl tossed the clothes to one side skimming his hands back down to caress Chastity's fabulous tits. Both hands covering her breasts leaving her nipples poking out between his thumb and forefingers as he firmly toyed with her flesh. Carl softly squeezed and massaged the firm globes in his hands, brushing his thumbs over the hard nipples proudly crowning each breast. Carl dipped his head taking each nipple into his mouth in turn, swirling his tongue around and over the bud and sucking it gently between his lips. His finger and thumb mirroring the attention on the nipple in his mouth as he flitted his head from one breast to the other and back again.

Finally pulling away from sucking Chastity's tits, Carl unfastened his belt, undoing his trousers and zip before pushing both trousers and boxer shorts down his thighs releasing his erect hard cock and slowly massaging himself as he admired the nearly naked Chastity.

Chastity had let her legs dangle over the edge of the kitchen counter and was leaning back on her hands while Carl had sucked and played with her boobs, but her eyes were now keenly focused on Carl slowly stroking his cock, the skin moving smoothly back and forth covering the bulbous tip before being pulled back and the stretching the skin flat against his thick shaft. Her mouth automatically watered at the thought of putting that between her lips, imagining the salty taste of his cum as he lost control and fired his load over her face and tits, but once again Carl had other ideas.

Carl easily pulled Chastity forward off of the worktop hooking his thumbs into her knickers as easing them down her legs to the floor. The vision standing before him almost made him cum on the spot, Chastity naked apart from black stockings and still breathing heavily from her orgasm, her body flushed with endorphins and oxygen but not inhibited by the negative effects of alcohol. It was times like this that re-enforced the value of his approach to combining dates with a very limited amount of alcohol intake.

Chastity could see the look of approval of Carl's face as he drank in the sight of her body, Carl kicked off his shoes and stepped out of his trousers moving forward to kiss and fondle Chastity's breasts briefly once more before swapping a long kiss with her mouth. Slowly Carl turned Chastity around kissing her neck and across her collar bone, his hands cupping her breasts and then bending her forward until her arms rested on the kitchen worktop, his cock pressing against Chastity's ass as he nudged her feet apart gently from behind. One hand on his cock and one hand between Chastity's legs Carl rubbed himself against Chastity's wet pussy lips, slickening his hard on with her own juice before he pushed inside her tight pussy. That was stage one he thought.

The first thrust was always the best is Carl's mind, relatively speaking virgin territory, the initial resistance causing a higher friction between cock and pussy, the sensation being the next best thing to an orgasm, just enough lubrication to ease the passage but not enough to dull the sensation. Each thrust beyond that initial entry allowing Chastity's personal lubrication to coat and slicken his invading tool. After three full slow penetrations the main friction was from Chastity's pelvic floor muscles gripping his cock as it slowly scythed in and out for her, his mind registering stage two of his three point release.

Carl began building a slow steady rhythm holding onto Chastity's hips and driving himself deep inside her from behind, he could see Chastity's large tits gently swinging and bouncing underneath her as he casually fucked away. Chastity was now moaning with each slow thrust, slightly too enthusiastically as far as Carl was concerned, either she was exceptionally easy to bring to an orgasm or for some reason she felt the need to fake her level of enjoyment. Carl responded by increasing his tempo. Taking a firmer grip and beginning to slam harder against Chastity's ass, each thrust causing a small jelly like ripple of her butt cheeks as their two bodies smashed together. 

It was only the smallest of adjustments for Carl to move a hand from holding Chastity's hip to touch her pussy. His index and middle finger immediately starting a side to side rubbing motion and applying pressure to Chastity's clit in combination to the hard pussy fucking she was now receiving. As expected the enthusiastic moaning suddenly changed. Now Chastity's noises were cantered on her own pleasure and not linked to each thrust from behind. The thrust timed moans being replaced by deeper breathing and primal groans as the electrical impulses triggered and fired sensations through her body. The dual assault of her pussy and clit working in unison to drive her on. The strength in her arms holding her off the worktop failing under the constant barrage of sensation, Chastity collapsed onto the cold kitchen worktop, her breasts pressing against the chilly, glossy marble effect counter causing extra sensations to tingle in her hard nipples. Her mind was swimming, any second now she knew it would hit her, her pussy felt like it was on fire. Carl was now hammering hard into Chastity, the angle and friction changed subtly when she collapsed and the extra pressure was sending him rapidly to stage three. The genuine screams of joy from Chastity's release pushing Carl over the edge, pulling out of Chastity and pumping his cock just as it spat its first thick creamy wad high over Chastity's naked back. A second and third jet of cum erupted, each with a slightly diminished force as Carl aimed his ejaculate onto Chastity's lower back and ass. The final spurt landing just above her asshole before the small pool of cum slowly slid down between her ass crack.

Carl pushed his cock back inside Chastity moving inside her in a slow and gentle rhythm, her muscles pulsing in time with her own pleasure, griping and releasing him as the waves of her own orgasm continued to ripple out from the epicentre.

Chastity had no energy to move, and the post orgasm euphoria was slowly beginning to fade, being replaced by an acute awareness of the coldness of the worktop and the cum running down the inside of her thigh. With a little wriggle she ejected the rapidly shrinking cock and pushed herself upright off of the worktop. Carl taking a step back away from the counter allowing Chastity to move.

Chastity was a patchwork of colours as she stood upright, her legs covered in dark stockings giving way to her lightly tanned thigh tops and a deep red line where her thighs had been pressed firmly against the kitchen worktop. Then a triangular patch of white where the sun had never been exposed to before her skin colour once again drifted to the light tan that covered the rest of her body. Carl noticed that Chastity's tan included her breasts although they too currently still had a deep pink blush to them from the contact with the cold work surface, obviously a fan of topless sunbathing or more likely a tanning booth judging by the lack of any strap marks whatsoever.

Chastity threw a suggestive look over her shoulder as she slowly walked away, her white bum provocatively swinging from side to side as she went. Firm and round with a glistening hint of his cum splashed over her skin.

Carl's brain did some quick calculations, the chance of more sex divided by the effort he had put in, multiplied by how good the sex was divided by his current level of satisfaction, all on a scale of one to ten. Anything that rated over 4 was worth hanging around for, but Carl adjusted that number too depending on how attractive the girl was. Chastity's score had been around 6 he decided, so with his eyes locked on her swinging ass he followed her slowly down the dimly lit corridor, always in hope.

A light was flicked on in the bedroom, then dimmed to a muted level with a quick adjustment. "Make yourself comfortable" Chastity told Carl before she slipped away into another room closing the door behind her.

Carl wondered into the bedroom, immediately pleased by the lack of stuffed toys and fluffy cushions that too often filled girls bedrooms on every possible surface. Chastity was a little more practical it seemed, a double bed, dressing table adorned with the usual beauty products and a built in wardrobe that covered two walls. Other than that the bedroom was pretty much non-descript. Carl casually scanned the products on the dressing table as he unbuttoned his shirt and slipped it off, laying it carefully over one of the wardrobe handles before he slipped naked into bed.

It only took Chastity a couple of minutes before she re-entered the bedroom, stockings removed and having had a very swift shower Chastity stood in the doorway with a towel wrapped around herself in a sort of vain modesty considering what had happened between them not ten minutes earlier.

Chastity dropped the towel to the floor as she pulled back the duvet cover and slid into bed beside Carl, barely pulling the cover over herself before she felt a hand on her warm and slightly damp skin cupping her ass and pulling her against Carl's body.

The sex was slower and less rushed than in the kitchen, Carl and Chastity both administering oral sex briefly before Chastity straddled Carl bringing herself close to another orgasm but not quite managing to release, and then Carl taking her missionary style, grunting and groaning as he did achieve orgasm, shooting his cum deep inside Chastity's pussy. His movements slowed and stopped as his cock continued to twitch, expelling the last few drops of cum before Carl rolled off of an unsatisfied Chastity, both of them breathing heavily.

Any hope Chastity had of Carl finishing what he had started disappearing as his heavy breathing slowly softened but unfortunately being replaced with a light snoring sound as Carl drifted quickly off to sleep.

Chastity rolled onto her side facing away from the snoring figure in her bed getting herself comfortable under the duvet. It took her two minutes to quietly give herself the relief she had been so close to earlier as she rode Carl. Sleep came quickly after that and despite the intermittent snoring she slept well and had very pleasant dreams.
