 For those who came in late, my name is Carl and I have a fishing addiction. Not that it's a bad thing, but I do like to be on the water with a fishing rod in my hand every chance I get. Some guys chase women. I chase fish. Don't get me wrong as I like women too. 

Home for me is the lowcountry of South Carolina. I do most of my fishing in the creeks, rivers and backwater sloughs in this area. It is not uncommon for me to spend several hours on the water and not see a soul. 

People that know me even a little know of my passion for fishing. Recently, my coworker Catie stuck her head in my office. "Hey Carl, how are the fish biting?"

"Well, I've had better days than last Sunday. I only caught 4 bass, but one was almost 5 pounds."

"Wow, Carl. That's a nice bass. You know I like to fish too. I've never caught a bass that big." 

I should point out here that while I am a pretty serious bass fisherman, Catie is more of a "drown crickets under a bobber" fisherman. Nothing wrong with that... it just ain't my preferred type of fishing. 

"Carl, my mama raised me not to invite myself, but if you ever need company while fishing..."

If you look up cute in the dictionary, Catie's picture is there to illustrate the word. She has short dark hair and a few freckles. She is petite, maybe a shade over 5 feet tall and maybe weighs 110 pounds if she had a big breakfast. I've seen her in a pair of jeans and she has a cute (there's that word again) ass. Her breasts are what you might expect of a petite woman appearing to be small and firm. 

While I would love to see Catie in a bathing suit, there is one minor issue. Since I generally fish in secluded backwaters it is not uncommon for me to work on my tan while fishing. If you're thinking I have no tan lines, you would be thinking correctly. It would be awkward to say the least to tell Catie she could come if she didn't mind a nekkid fishing partner. Yeah, I could pass on nude fishing if I wanted.

"Well Catie, I'll see what I can do about that. Maybe we can get together sometime." 

"That sounds good Carl. Just give me some advance notice so I can get Mama to keep Kayleigh."

Kayleigh would be Catie's adorable three-year old daughter. Catie was divorced, but had managed to maintain a cordial relationship with Kayleigh's dad. 

Cutie bounced out of my office and I went back to work. 

Three weeks passed and I had forgotten about the conversation. That is, until Catie bopped into my office one morning. "Carl, did you watch 'Naked and Afraid' last night? They were in the swamps in Louisiana. There were snakes and alligators and big ole skeeters." For those from north of the Mason-Dixon Line, that translates as big mosquitoes. You may also hear a Southerner refer to big ass skeeters, but I digress. 

Catie continued, "I dont know if I could do that. I mean, I'd be ok with the naked part, but I don't like skeeters." Honestly, I had been only halfway paying attention...until then. With that comment, I pictured in my mind a naked Catie. It was a nice picture. I also thought it was funny while she didn't want to deal with mosquitoes, she didn't mention the snakes and gators. 

"Carl, that's my favorite TV show. I bet some of the places you fish look a lot like the swamp they were in. Speaking of which, are you ever going to take me fishing? And do you ever see alligators?"

Did I mention that Catie is a little hyper and tends to bounce from subject to subject sometimes?

"OK Catie. Stop long enough to take a breath. And you might want consider switching to decaf." 

She gave me a blank look for a second and then punched me in the arm. Hard. "Carl, you're making fun of me."

"Well yeah," I said as I ducked to avoid another punch to the arm. "Tell you what Catie. If you promise to quit hitting me, I'll take you fishing Saturday morning. We will leave my house at 5:30. We'll grab breakfast on the way."

Any thought of her bailing out due to the early start time evaporated quickly. "This will be so awesome Carl. I'll get Mom to let Kayleigh sleep over. I'll bring sandwiches and chips. What kind of drinks do you want? Oh wait, you like Diet Sundrop. I'll bring my fishng rod. And sunscreen. Oh Carl, this will be so much fun. Don't you think so?" 

With that, Catie bounced out of my office. I swear I could hear her chatter all the way down the hall.

Later that day, Erica, the unofficial office Mom, stopped by my office. "Hey Carl, I hear you have a new fishing partner."

I looked up. "Catie tell you?" 

"Of course. But no worries Carl. She only told 7 or 8 other people."

Great...now the office grapevine was hard at work. 

Saturday came quickly. I had loaded and hooked up the boat the night before. The forecast was near perfect with a high of 83, light winds and low humidity. If you don't live in the low country, you may not appreciate what a blessing low humidity is. Just as the eastern sky showed the first hint of daylight, Catie rolled into my driveway. She grabbed a cooler and canvas bag from the back seat of her car and put them in the back seat of the truck. 

Catie was wearing a light pullover and a pair of short shorts that showed off her slender, toned legs. She could barely contain her excitement, "Carl, I am soooo excited. Thank you for taking me." She followed that with a quick hug. I realized that Catie's motor did not have an off switch. Regardless, the hug felt nice. 

Cutie talked for most of the next 30 minutes about various stuff...cute stories about Kayleigh, office gossip and the challenges of finding a good man. "Carl, I love Kayleigh and wouldn't trade her for anything but a three-year old is Kryptonite for guys. Shame there aren't more guys like you."

Say whaaaat???? Is she flirting with me? I admit to knowing fish better than I know women. Maybe it is obvious to y'all, but I can be a little dense when it comes to the fairer sex.

We followed my usual fishing routine by stopping at the diner about 20 minutes from our destination. Mabel, the waitress who was rumored to have been delivered with the original restaurant equipment many years ago, arrived and took our order. She started to walk away and then paused, "Carl, aren't you going to introduce me to your pretty girlfriend?"

Catie hopped up, stuck out her hand and without denying the girlfriend comment said, "Hi, I'm Catie. So nice to meet you. Carl is taking me fishing. Just the two of us." Mabel winked at me and went to place our order.

Following breakfast, we drove to the ramp and launched the boat. We broke out the rod and reels a short time later. I quickly learned that Catie had been holding out on me. In addition to very accurate casts, she showed serious skills working a spinnerbait. The first two bass to flop onto the deck of the boat fell victim to her talents. 

With my fishing reputation on the line, I pretty much ignored Catie. After about 15 minutes later the sun was started to warm the air and I caught my first fish of the day, a nice three-pounder. As I swung the fish over the side of the boat, I noticed that Catie had removed her pullover to reveal a green and white print bikini top. It fit her small firm breasts very nicely. 

"Hey Carl, take a picture. It will last longer." I mumbled an apology for staring when Catie stopped me. "I was teasing Carl. It feels good to have a cute guy checking me out."

I shook my head, grinned and went back to fishing. Several casts later I bumped a crank bait off a submerged stump and felt the telltale tug of a fish on the line. This bass jumped out of the water twice before I swung it over the side of the boat and deposited it on the carpeted deck. I unhooked the fish, weighed it (3.8 pounds) and released it. 

"Nice fish Carl." I turned to tell Catie thanks and saw she had lost her shorts somewhere along the way. And yes, her cute, firm ass did look mighty fine in that bikini bottom. 

Caries switched to a top water bait and ten minutes later put a feisty two pounder in the boat. After releasing the fish and rinsing her hands in the water, she reached in her bag for a bottle of sunblock. Handing me the bottle, she said, "Carl, would you do my back." "Hell yeah," I thought. "And I'll do your front too!" Snapping back to attention, I squirted sunblock in my right hand. 

"Wait a sec Carl. Let me untie my top." 

That got my attention. Catie untied her top, but held the cups in place with her left hand. I rubbed the sunscreen into her back, starting with the back of her neck and working down her shoulders to her lower back. "Carl, I don't want to get sunblock on my bottoms. Would you pull my bottoms down just a little so you can cover all of me that might get burned?"

"So Catie, how many inches is a little bit?"

"Carl! You know what I mean," she giggled. 

I finished applying the sunblock. I admit I fantasized about those firm cheeks mere inches from my hands. I handed the bottle of sunblock back to her and leaned over to pick up my rod. As I raised my rod to cast, I heard Catie, "Carl, you don't mind me working on my tan do you?" 

As I turned to Catie to respond, I was greeted by the sight of a pair of small, firm titties. And a nice sight it was. Catie's boobs were probably a B cup and topped by small pointy nipples. If you looked up perky in the dictionary, you would likely see a picture of a topless Catie. Judging from her tan lines, it had been a while, if ever, since her girls had seen the sun. 

I finally found my voice and stammered, "uh, I guess... I mean yes...I mean no I don't mind. If you want to, that is." Then I grinned, "Do you need some help with the sunblock?"

Catie hit me on the arm, "No Carl, I think I can manage."

I turned my seat to change my casting angle and more importantly to be able to watch Catie. Catie slowly rubbed sunblock all over her white tits, finishing by applying lotion to her pointy nipples. To say I was starting to get hard was an understatement. Since she turned down my sincere offer to help prevent her pale breasts from getting sunburned, I decided to wait to see what happened next.

I continue to cast as I watched Catie. After several distracted casts, I managed to get my crank bait hooked on a low hanging limb. I trolled over to it and as I was reaching for it, I heard Catie, "You know I like Naked and Afraid..." I turned towards her to find Catie totally nude.

Her petite body was beautiful. Her bottom tan lines complimented those around her boobs. Her pussy hair, what there was of it, was dark and trimmed very short. Her lips were easily noticeable. 

"Carl, if the offer still stands, would you please rub sunblock on my cheeks? I don't want them to get burned." Without waiting for an answer, she backed to me and handed me the sunblock. 

Of course, the bottle slipped out of my hands and fell to the deck. I picked it up and squirted a copious amount into my right hand. I dropped the sunblock to the deck and rubbed my hands together before beginning to rub the lotion on her firm cheeks. Catie leaned forward which gave me a nice view of her pert tits and small, hard nipples. I did a thorough job. Being the considerate type, I didn't want Catie to get a sunburn in such a tender spot. I finished with the inside of her upper legs, brushing my hand across her lips in the process. 

As I reached for the sunblock, Catie sat in my lap and wiggled her tight butt on my now rock hard cock. "Carl? Don't you need to lose something?" Not waiting for an answer, she stood up and unzipped my shorts and slid them down, freeing my swollen cock. 

Catie sat in my lap and wrapped her arms around my neck and kissed me. The first few kisses were soft...lips brushing against each other and our tongues lightly teasing the other. Our passion built and the kisses became hotter and longer. My right hand wandered to her hard nipples, lightly brushing the tip. Catie moaned and kissed me harder. I pulled on and pinched her nipple as she squirmed in my lap. 

As we paused and came up for air, Catie whispered, "Carl, we don't want you to get burned." She squirted lotion in her hands and wrapped them around my hard cock. She moved her slippery hands slowly down my shaft, twisting gently round the tip. She did this gently for several minutes before I felt myself getting close. "Catie, i'm getting close. If you don't stop..." 

"Now sweetie, that's the idea. But I have somewhere else I want that big, hard thing." With that, she backed up to me and reached between her legs. She guided the dark red tip of my stiff cock to her slit. She slowly pushed back and eased my shaft into her tight, wet opening.

Catie eased slowly down the length of my cock taking all of me in, then slowly raised up to almost to the tip. She repeated this slowly over and over. I put my hands on her hips and helped raise and lower her. After several minutes of exquisite pleasure, she eased off my straining cock and stood up. Without a word, she turned around and guided my cock again into her slippery tunnel. We continued to fuck slowly, her enjoying my firm cock inside her and me enjoying the slow, wet sliding of my cock inside her tight, wet pussy. My fingers teased her small, erect nipples as a soft "mmmmm" came from her lips. "Carl, this feels so good. I could enjoy this all day, but it's been a long time for me and I need to be fucked hard. Fuck me Carl." 

Not wanting to disappoint the lady, I began to push harder and deeper into her juicy cunt. "Oh yes...stick that dick deep in me." I again put my hands on her hips to raise her up and then ram my cock hard into her. We bounced on the pedestal seat, lost in the unbridled passion. "Carl, don't slow down. My pussy is so hot. Please keep fucking me hard."

The boat rocked as we continued to fuck hard and fast. Catie was moaning and bucking her hips. I was determined to hold out until she came, but I was starting to wonder how much longer I could last.

Cartier must have seen it in my face. "Carl, just a little more... I'm getting so fucking close. Cum with me Carl. Shoot that hot cum in my tight pussy Carl. Keep pounding my hot pussy." 

The boat rocked as Catie rode my cock hard and fast. "Carl, cum now...oh my god...this is so fucking good...fuck me..." Catie moaned loudly and screamed, "I'm cummmmiiinnnnnggggg." She arched her back as I shot a big load inside her wet cunt. 

Catis wrapped her arms around me and held me tight as our breathing slowly returned to normal. My softening cock was still buried inside her as cum dribbled onto the seat. 

We sat there a few more minutes with Catie's head on my shoulder before she looked up and kissed me gently. She then pulled away and looked into my eyes. "Carl that was awesome and I really needed that." She paused before continuing. "I want to do that again, but..." 

Concerned, I looked back at her, "But what, Catie?" 

Caries raised off my cock and stood up. A small amount of my cum dripped from her pussy onto her leg. "Well Carl but first we're going to fish some more. Fish naked of course."