 It had been an incredibly busy couple of weeks here in London. Day after day was filled with endlessly long meetings, and I would be grateful to never again have to sit through another business lunch. Now that my work was all finished I had planned to spend a few days travelling south to Somerset, enjoying all that the English countryside had to offer, before heading back home to other side of the world. Unfortunately the weather forecast was predicting heavy rain and freezing temperatures for the next couple of days across most parts of the UK, and the thought of having to be indoors did not appeal. 

I decided that when in England I should do what the English do, and hop on a flight to Spain. Within an hour I'd organised flights and booked a lovely small apartment on the Costa Blanca in Valencia just outside the town of Denia. It was part of a small group of four villas, with a shared swimming pool, and only a few minutes walk to what looked like lovely sandy beaches. Within four hours I was in a taxi making my way to Denia, and it wasn't even lunchtime. 

The day was sunny and warm, and the drive along the coast was spectacular. The apartment I'd booked was surprisingly, every bit as modern and comfortable as it looked online, and I was soon settled in and heading off to find my small bit of heaven on the sand. I couldn't wait to be basking away all the worries of the past fortnight. 

The beach was quite crowded, but I spied a reasonable spot to lay down my towel between a family with a couple of rowdy boys arguing about who could swim the fastest, and on the other side, a woman in a bikini sleeping face down. The boys were thankfully off to test their theory before I'd even sat down, and I was soon preparing to open the pages of the book I'd had in my suitcase for the past two weeks, and hadn't even begun. 

I was struggling to get through the first page as I kept finding my gaze wandering to the sleeping woman. She was probably in her late thirties, early forties, with beautiful skin. She had the kind of figure that I would describe as perfect; curvy and soft, like a Rubin's painting. But what was particularly attracting my attention was the beautiful soft dark hair I could just make out on her inner thighs growing all the way up to what I was beginning to think was the most stunningly shaped bottom I'd ever seen. She rolled over to reveal an amazingly large pair of breasts that couldn't be hidden beneath her bikini top, and as well, a glorious thin trail of dark hair growing up to her belly button from her bikini bottoms; while I'd been staring, something had been growing very hard in my swim shorts, and I made an attempt to cover my embarrassment with my book, and decided it was time for a swim in the cool blue water. 

Despite the wonderfully refreshing waters of the Mediterranean, I couldn't get this woman's gorgeous body out of my mind, and headed back to my slice of heaven on the sand to continue letting my eyes take in her beauty, but she had disappeared. Perhaps she had noticed my staring, and possibly my state of arousal and didn't want that kind of attention. Another kind of hunger had began to take hold, so I decided to head into town for an early meal. 

I briefly stopped by the apartment to shower and change and then made my way into Denia and found a lovely looking place called Tasca Eulalia. I ordered fish with a small salad along with a glass of house wine, and was seated near the windows looking out onto the street. I didn't mind too much that I was on my own. I was just reveling in the sights and smells as several of the local men stood by the bar talking and laughing with each other, not that I understood what was being said, but somehow still feeling a part of the atmosphere. One of the men had motioned to the others and they stopped talking as one by one their eyes followed a woman who had walked in, an extremely beautiful woman, my bikini clad goddess from earlier in the day, though now wearing a simple summery dress. She went to the counter and enquired about something, I'm not sure what, and the waiter shook his head. She ordered a drink and took a seat at the bar. 

It wasn't long before one of the men from the group sidled up to her and was obviously trying to make a pass. I don't know what was said but he quickly backed off, and as luck would have it she made her way over to the table next to mine. The men at the bar continued eyeing this woman off, and having whispered conversations followed by loud raucous laughter. I could sense she felt uncomfortable, a woman alone, so I leaned across to her and said,

"Would you care to join me? I'm afraid I don't speak any Spanish, I'm just here on holiday for a few days."

I think more out of worry that the other men would possibly keep harassing her, she smiled a thank you, and moved from her table to mine.

"I don't speak much Spanish either," she said. "And I'm not so good with English as well. You can probably tell that."

"You seem to be doing remarkably well," I said, "My guess is from your accent that you're German?"

"It's a good guess but only half right," she smiled. "I live in Germany, but I'm only half German."

"Which half is German?" I said smiling back. 

She looked a bit confused, but then started to laugh, as her face lit up. 

"I'm John," I said. 

"Carla" she replied, warmly offering her hand. 

"Actually, I'm meant to be meeting someone here," she said, "But they seem to have let me down. We'd planned to stay with some friends they know not far from here, and then travel together further up the coast. I've tried calling but no one is there. I'm a bit lost really. I've checked my bags into a cheap hotel close by, but I'm not too keen to stay there."

"He must be crazy to have stood you up!" I said, though trying not to sound too flirtatious. 

"It's a 'she' that's stood me up," Carla said, giving me a knowing look to make clear where her preferences lay. 

"I'm not trying to pick you up or anything like that, but to be honest I'm enjoying having someone to talk to. And you seem to be in an awkward situation with your friend letting you down. I've booked a lovely place a few miles from here, and there are two bedrooms. You'd be more than welcome to stay for the few days I'm there. Maybe your friend will turn up tomorrow, and if not, we can keep each other company."

"That's very kind, and to be honest I don't feel all that safe on my own," she said, glancing across at the group of men. "I can pay you half of the rent."

"No. There's no need for that. If you like you can buy a few tasty essentials as I'm not much good at doing shopping, or cooking for that matter."

"Alright, as you English say, 'it's a deal'."

"Great!" I said. "But I'm not completely English, only half."

"Which half," she said, a big joyous smile spreading across her face. 

We made our way to the hotel where Carla had left her luggage and then headed back to the apartment. It was a lovely warm evening and we sat outside on the balcony overlooking the pool, talking and drinking till after midnight. I had put out of my mind trying to tempt this gorgeous woman into my bedroom given all I now knew, but it was incredibly difficult to be near her and not want her. Eventually we both started to get the yawns, and so it was time to get some rest.

Normally an early riser, I couldn't believe that it was nearly ten when I finally woke up. The sun was streaming in through the window and the smell of coffee and toast wafted into my room. I quickly got dressed and made my way to the kitchenette. Carla had prepared a wonderful breakfast, with fresh fruit and yoghurt, muesli, toast and coffee. 

"Good morning sleepy head," she said.

"Good morning to you too," I answered. "This looks amazingly good! Where did you get all this stuff?"

"Well, I woke up very early, and decided we needed a few supplies"

"It looks delicious... I will definitely want to come to this restaurant again."

As we sat over breakfast we chatted about what we might do with the day. I was keen to spend some more time on the beach.

"I'm going to have a quick shower and head to the beach to do some serious sunbathing if you'd like to come too," I suggested. "In fact I confess I've already seen you in your bikini yesterday."

Carla's cheeks flushed a little.

"Yes, I thought you were that man from the beach who was sitting nearby."

" I um, well, yes, I thought you were asleep actually. I... " 

Now it was me whose cheeks were turning red.

Carla smiled.

"It's OK. I knew when you helped me out last night that you were a nice man. Don't worry about the beach... I have that effect on some men who like a bigger full figured woman. Lucky for me, so do some woman. This morning I'd like to make a few calls to try and contact my friend, but you go and enjoy the sun. I also need to get another couple of hours sleep. When you get back I'll have some lunch ready. I've bought some things to make a salad with some fresh bread as well. This afternoon we can visit an old castle that's nearby here if you like." 

"Sounds great." I said. "Good luck with tracking down your friend."

I'd been out walking for about fifteen minutes. I was hoping to find a slightly less crowded spot than yesterday, when I realised I didn't have my wallet with me. I'd left it sitting on the bedside table. I'd been thinking about picking up a bottle of wine to go with lunch, and besides, I should really have some ID with me. I hadn't got too far away not to quickly go back and get it. As I reached the apartment I noticed the curtains in Carla's room were drawn, and I remembered that she had wanted to catch up on some sleep, so I crept in closing the door as quietly as I could behind me. 

In order to reach my room I had to go past Carla's room, and as I tip-toed along, I could hear some soft moaning sounds. Carla's door was half open and just as I reached the point where I could see inside, I was completely struck dumb at what I was witnessing... 

Carla was completely naked, kneeling with her face pressed down into the pillow and her legs drawn up and spread apart, so that her wonderfully huge ass was pointing straight in my direction. One hand was gripping the side of the bed, and the other was in charge of a large cucumber that she was thrusting in and out of her incredibly hairy pussy. It was quite obvious that she was intensely excited... the cucumber had become a shiny wet missile coated with all of her juices, and I could hear a glorious squelching sound with each deep penetration... I can't begin to describe just how hard my cock had become as I stared completely transfixed on this wondrous sight. Finally after several long deep thrusts, Carla made a deep guttural groaning sound, and released her hand from the cucumber letting it slide out of her pussy and onto the bed, as the twitching contractions of her equally hairy rosebud gave away an obviously intense orgasm. My heart was pounding in my chest, and any thought that I could possibly get my wallet and escape unnoticed had long gone.

Carla continued letting her fingers play over the sopping mess of her pussy as the waves of her orgasm subsided, and now she had brought her free hand underneath to rub her clit, while her other moist fingers were rubbing the slippery pussy juice over her bottom. Then, slowly and deliberately she slipped one of her moist fingers into her ass. Suddenly the silence was broken, as Carla slowly turned her head toward the door... 

"I hope you're big cock is as hard as it was yesterday." Carla's eyes were ablaze. "I think it's time for me to try something completely new..."