 My name is Carla and I'm a thirty year old lawyer living in the Midwest. I will tell you the story about my very special meeting with a former high school friend Darren.

I'm single and have long shiny black hair and I guess you could say I'm shapely and pretty. I have clear white skin and weigh about one twenty. I'm slim and in shape being almost five foot five inches tall. I know I have the ability to turn heads but I spend a lot of time alone with my work.

Darren is a tall blonde guy that almost looks like he stepped off the front page of a beach magazine. I dated him a few times when we were in school but it was in my last year of high school and we never got closer. We went away to different colleges and got separated until now.

We hooked up in the last few months when we ran into each other through some friends and have been to lunch once but, because of our locations we have not spent any real time together. He had a short marriage but was divorced. We have a lot in common and spend many hours chatting when we are not busy. He was an amazing athlete and is now just an older version of how I remembered him from when we were young. 

In one of our chats we got on the subject of children and I told him how I wanted a child of my own but had given up on finding a husband and lover. I was seriously considering the idea of having a baby on my own but I was not at all interested in any of the means of conception available so my plans were on hold and had sort of forgotten it. We talked about it in length and then he asked me if I might some time consider letting him help me to have a baby.

At first I took it as a joke and thought he was teasing me but soon realized he was serious. He went on to tell me about a situation where a friend of his had done something like that for a married friend. He told me how they got together alone and how it was a bit uncomfortable but it worked out for them.

I couldn't help but think about how perfect Darren would be to father my child. However I was sure I would be too shy to pull it off when the time came. Darren was well experienced and I sort of agreed with the idea. It had been a long time since I had sex with anyone and even then it was never with a guy like Darren so secretly I was very nervous. 

I talked to my doctor about our plans and she was very supportive and gave me a complete medical, put me on vitamins and told me I was fine so we began counting, recording and measuring my temperatures. Every month just before my period there came a time that I would show increased lubrication and excitement and some of those days I got so turned on I even masturbated in the middle of the day. She explained how it was obviously the time of ovulation for me and that I should strive to be with Darren at that time.

We decided to go ahead with it and spend a few days together at a resort and just let things take their own course. We agreed that if things weren't comfortable we might not do anything at all and he promised not to push me in anyway and I trusted him so we set it up and made the reservation.

I arrived first and Darren turned up less then half an hour later. He hugged me and I barely came up to his shoulders. I was still amazed at how big a man he was and how good a shape he was in. He told me I looked gorgeous and I liked that but I was still a bit nervous. I wondered how Darren would handle it later so it wouldn't be embarrassing. I imagined we could turn the lights out and just get in bed as that was the easiest way to get it done. We made small talk and then decided to go out for dinner and spend a little time together away from the suite.

After a fine dinner at the resort's dinning room with some nice wine we walked to an excellent club the waiter recommended. I love to dance so I was having a wonderful time. As the night progressed he held me close and explored the contours of my body. I felt my growing heat and knew that Darren was using an elegant, very drawn-out foreplay and we spent much time looking into each other's eyes as we moved across the floor. He was slowly turning me on and I began to feel the excitement building.

We walked back to our suite holding hands and never once mentioned our reason for being there together. He kissed me as the door closed and I melted into his arms. The kiss was wet and urgent and without taking his lips off me he carried me to the large dimly lit bedroom. We were both breathing fast and my dress was on the floor around my ankles and I had to move slightly away from him as I unbuttoned his shirt. He quickly removed my black lace bra and bared my breasts. Then without stopping he slid my panties off and let them join my dress on the floor. My breasts are firm with small nipples that had been getting hard long before he touched them. At the base of my tummy the tuft of soft black hair was small and neatly trimmed. 

He never took his eyes off mine as he undid my hair and let it flow down over my shoulders. He slipped his shirt off and I got to feel his muscular chest against my naked body for the first time and couldnt believe how comfortable he was making me feel. Darren dropped his pants and we were now standing in the middle of our cozy room completely naked together. He brushed one hand across my left breast and moved the other to the junction of my legs and found me very ready. It was then that I looked down.

I couldn't believe the size of his cock and backed away as it scared me. It looked to be well over eight inches long and very thick with a big mushroom shaped head. I knew Darren was a big guy but I never expected anything like that and couldn't imagine him being able to get that in me without it hurting me. The guy I used to do it with was small and not much over five inches long. He knew he had shocked me but said nothing as he calmly held me close and kissed my forehead.

He took his time with me and then slowly brought my hand down to it and helped me slide the loose skin back. I could only just get my fingers partway around the shaft and could feel it throb slightly in my hand. I liked the feel of it as I stroked it slowly and squeezed it gently. He liked what I was doing and went on to touch me between my legs sliding his finger into the crease below the sensitive area of my mound. He found my slit oozing wet from the excitement. His gentle probing finger entered me easily.

The room was warm and Darren lifted me easily and lowered me on my back in the middle of the large soft bed. I slid my hand between my legs and began to masturbate myself as he moved over me and licked his way down my neck and sucked one of my hardened nipples. I held the breast in his mouth for him and he immediately began sucking my fingers. I heard a growling in his throat and knew he was tasting my musky essence. He became insistent and quickly moved down and buried his face between my legs. I gasped in surprise and spread them wide as he licked me and then pursed his lips and sucked right on my clit. That almost drove me wild and I swear I felt my toes curling.

I lost control and moved from side to side as he began spearing his tongue inside me. He was driving me crazy and I arched my back and thrust my hips as he brought me to a numbing orgasm that almost consumed me. I cried out and wrapped my legs around his head and my cry soon turned to a soft whimper. Darren moved slowly up my flat tummy and suckled each of my breasts as drew himself up my body until he got himself into perfect position to fuck me. 

I was still contracting from my subsiding orgasm when he guided his cock into me. He gave me no chance to change my mind as without hesitation he arched his back and powered his strong hips forward pushing the cock up me until I could feel his pubic bone mashing on mine. I was releasing creamy fluid like never before and could actually feel the large veins on his shaft as it rippled inside me. His balls were hitting against me and I knew he would soon spew their contents in my womb where the tip of his cock was. It felt like it was almost alive inside me.

I never expected Darren to seduce me like this. I was in heaven and brought my legs around him and just fucked him until I was out of breath and then the warm feeling came over me and my whole body began to quiver. I raked my hands over his back as he worked me and worked me until he coaxed a long screaming orgasm that left me covered in sweat.

There seemed to be a million nerve endings where our bodies were joined. He continued to pump it in me like a plunger and I could hear the wet sounds it was making. I swear I could feel it swelling bigger. I was still in the midst of the orgasm with my lips pressed to his neck when he forced his cock right into the mouth of my womb and held it. 

I felt his body stiffen and his cock pulsed and I actually felt the hot stream of his thick semen flood me as it splattered the opening of my cervix and was forced down the sides of his cock. I squirmed slowly under him as he spurted and filled me until I could feel the mucous liquid running out of me and across my ass and onto the bed. My mound was matted and I knew there was millions of sperm inside my fertile womb. I had never expected to be inseminated like this.

He held himself over me and lay full length on my sweaty body as I lay perfectly still under him caressing his back with my contractions milking his cock as I let him completely finish breeding me. I had a nice warm feeling that was flowing through my whole body.

We moved on our sides and he pulled a large soft blanket over us. I lay in his arms feeling fully gratified and fulfilled. I was not going to let Darren go and somehow knew already that we had mated. We let our sticky fluids dry on each other as we fell asleep and slept the whole night in each others arms. During our sleep a couple of Darren's potent sperm fertilized my waiting egg that split and from that moment we began our beautiful journey together with our twin girls.

He actually got me the very first time but the six more times we did it turned out to be wonderful. It was a lovely trip. I got my girls and six months later got Darren for my husband.