 All Roger could say about his best friend, Carlotta, is that he has been in love with her since they were teens. She, of course, has never believed that for an instance. They went their separate ways after high school with Roger getting married and moving to California and she moving to central Florida with her new husband. However, they never lost touch with each other. Carlotta and Roger talked constantly on the phone and via text messages.

Roger eventually moved back to Florida and bought a home about 25 miles from her. For several years they would meet occasionally for lunch. It was during this time that they really opened up about themselves and found that neither one of them were getting enough attention from their respective spouses. Both of them wanted more out of their marriages, but, alas, their partners did not return their love in the same measure.

Needless to say their talks and texts got more intimate and revealing. Roger took a chance and revealed to Carlotta that he likes to play light bondage games. Instead of being repulsed like he thought she might, she told him she was intrigued by the notion of it. After that their talks and texts had a decidedly sexual nature to them. It took Roger some time to wear her resistance down so they could put into practice what they had been discussing over several weeks. 

Carlotta eventually came around and they decided to go away for a weekend, ostensibly to meet up with some mutual high school friends. Luckily for them, neither one of their spouses wanted to accompany them, so they would have plenty of time to play out their fantasies with one another. His was to dominate and hers was to submit.

They drove separately to a beachside hotel on Hutchinson Island on Friday night. Roger made sure he got there first so as to setup the encounter. He had a series of folded instructions that Carlotta was to follow upon entering the room. Roger did this so she would stop over thinking the situation since she always over analyzed everything. Roger got to the hotel in record time and set up the room and patiently waited for Carlotta to call and tell him she had arrived so he could give her their room number.

As soon as Carlotta arrived at the hotel, she nervously called Roger to get the room number and he told her the number and said she could pick up the key at the front desk. In addition, he told her Rule #1 was to be silent and follow the directions he had left for her. Carlotta gulped and said okay. She parked and got the key and directions to the room and drove to the location by the sea. She sat in her car for a time trying to calm her erratic mind, racing heart, and quivering pussy. In the midst of her dilemma she received a text from Roger:

*Don't think about it at all. That is Rule #2.

You follow my directions from now till Sunday

checkout*

Carlotta smiled and got out of her car. She got her suitcase out of the back seat and proceeded to the elevator to get to the 4th floor room overlooking the Atlantic Ocean. When the elevator door opened, she glanced at the sign and turned left going to room 401. Taped to the door was an envelope addressed simple Carlotta #1. Taking a deep breath, she removed the envelope and opened it up and read:

FOLLOW ALL DIRECTIONS TO THE LETTER. DO NOT SAY

A WORD UNLESS ADDRESSED OR I GIVE PERMISSION.

FAILURE TO DO SO WILL RESULT IN PUNISHMENT.

KNOCK ONCE AND ENTER.

Smiling now, Carlotta knocked once and used her key to open the door. What she saw was a room lit by a dozen or so candles. On the table in front of the door she saw a glass of wine and a folded envelope marked with a large #2. Opening it up she read:

LEAVE YOUR SUITCASE BY THE DOOR. ENJOY YOUR

GLASS OF WINE WHILE YOU REMOVE ALL YOUR

CLOTHES. PLACE THEM ALL ON THE CHAIR IN THE

CORNER.

An uncontrolled moan escaped Carlotta's lips as thought of getting naked. She practically gulped the entire glass of wine down to calm her nerves. Kicking off her shoes first, she unbuttoned her jeans and removed them. Next she began undoing her blouse buttons. Standing only in her black bra and panties, Carlotta finished her glass of wine and then removed her bra and then her panties. She placed them on the chair and found note #3 taped on the back rest.

TAKE YOUR TOILETRIES AND HIGH HEELS I ASKED YOU

TO BRING AND GO INTO THE BATHROOM AND TAKE A

REFRESHING SHOWER. IF YOU STILL NEED IT, A 2ND

GLASS OF WINE AWAITS YOU. DO NOT CLOSE THE DOOR

AND A TOWEL WILL BE LEFT FOR YOU AFTER YOU ARE

IN THE SHOWER.

Shaking her head, Carlotta got her toiletries and her black heels out of her suitcase and walked naked into the bathroom. Again the room was lit by candles and another glass of wine awaited her. She turned on the water and sipped her wine while waiting for the water to get hot. After a few minutes, she grabbed her stuff and got into the shower. Carlotta washed her hair first and starting soaping herself. As she touched her breasts and nipples, she let out a low longing moan of desire. She wondered what Roger had planned to do to her this weekend, but she thought "What the hell, I am not getting any attention from S----, so I might as well enjoy it." By the time Carlotta got to washing her pussy, she was on fire, but she remembered that she was not allowed to touch herself unless she was given permission. Frustrated and horny, Carlotta washed he legs and rinsed herself off. She pushed back the shower curtain to find a towel on the counter with another note addressed to her. She got the towel first and dried off before reading the next set of instructions.

BEHIND THE BATHROOM DOOR IS WHAT YOU ARE TO

WEAR FOR THIS EVENING ALONG WITH YOUR HIGH

HEELS. GO INTO THE BEDROOM AND LAY DOWN IN THE

MIDDLE OF THE BED AND PUT ON THE BLINDFOLD YOU

SEE ON THE PILLOWS. MAKE YOURSELF COMFORTABLE

BECAUSE YOU WILL BE IN THAT POSITION FOR A LONG

TIME. RELAX AND ENJOY YOURSELF, I KNOW I WILL

ENJOY YOU!!!

Carlotta took another sip of her wine as she went to the door and found her evening attire on a hanger behind the bathroom door. Hanging neatly on a hanger was a black lace see through mini outfit with matching black thong. "No wonder Roger wanted me to bring black high heeled shoes," she said half to herself. It was unbelievable sexy and she almost thought not to put it on, when she remembered his text message to her to stop thinking and follow his instructions. With that in mind she put on the little nothing, thong, and her heels and walked into the bedroom.

Once in the bedroom, Carlotta noticed the candles all over the room, rose petals on the bed, and an ice bucket with a bottle of champagne on the night stand. She thought to herself, "He really knows how to show a girl a good time." Next she saw the blindfold on the pillows and crawled up the bed so she was lying in the center and picked up the blindfold. She got comfortable in the middle and put the blindfold on. "This is it; there is no turning back now. For better or worse, you have put yourself into this man's power to do what he wants to you this weekend," she said softly to herself.

Roger had been very quiet while Carlotta was following his instructions. He was in the bedroom when she arrived and left the towel and note for her when Carlotta was in the shower. He waited until she finished and went into the bedroom. Giving her a few minutes to get comfortable on the bed, Roger then proceeded to the bedroom to be with Carlotta.

Upon entering the bedroom, Roger exclaimed "Lovely" in a voice filled with lust and desire for Carlotta. She was vision of such beauty in her black lace chemise, thong, and high heels laying nervously on the bed.

"Shush, my dear one. No talking from you just yet. Let my eyes soak in the vision I am enjoying with my eyes right now."

With those words sending a thrill from her head down to her toes and back up to the apex of her spread thighs, Carlotta let out a soft longing moan of desire. It had been years since her husband had said anything like what she just heard Roger saying to her. She could feel her desire for release beginning and Roger had not even touched her yet. She remembered listening to him telling her what he would love to do to her and she was hoping that even if only half was true, then she would leave with a weekend of joyful erotic memories.

"Now my sweet girl, are you ready for this, I mean truly ready. This will be the first and last time I offer to let you go," Roger spoke quietly.

"Yes," Carlotta gasped softly.

"Sorry, I did not hear you."

Carlotta cleared her throat and said firmly, but emotionally, "YES, I'm ready for this!"

"Good," Roger replied as he crawled up the center of the bed, careful not to touch Carlotta on his way up. When he was far enough up, he kissed her tenderly on her lips as she responded. Roger then ran his tongue over her lips before biting her lower lip gently. Carlotta let out a moan as her bottom lip was between Roger's teeth while he was tugging on it.

Whispering in her ear, "and so it begins", Roger bit Carlotta's left earlobe as he lowered her straps from her chemise over both her arms, but left her breasts covered for now. Then he took her left wrist and encased it in the soft cuff he had earlier set up on the bed. He then walked around the bed and cuffed her right wrist. Next Roger placed the right ankle and finally the left ankle in their respective cuffs. Moving up to Carlotta's right ear, Roger brushed his lips to her ear and said softly to her, "Now it is too late to leave and you are totally at my mercy."

Beginning at the top of Carlotta's forehead, Roger began kissing his way down her nose to her lips, where he ran his tongue around her sweet lips. He continued down her chin, throat, clavicle, and stopped when he was in between her breasts. Gently, so Carlotta could feel the lace over her hard erect nipples, Roger lowered the chemise over her nipples.

"Ooooooo," Carlotta breathlessly moaned as her nipples were being rubbed by the lace of the chemise as it was peeled off her breasts.

"Your nipples are very sensitive, aren't they my dear?" Roger asked.

"Yes, o very much so," Carlotta whispered.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!" Carlotta cried out as Roger pinched her nipples between his finger and thumb. "Oh my GOD!" she screamed and Roger pulled her rock hard nipples away from her breasts, while twisting them roughly round and round.

Roger next clamped his teeth around Carlotta's left nipple causing Carlotta to squeal as he bit down on it. Next thing Carlotta felt after Roger released her nipple was something being placed around her nipple squeezing it just enough to feel pain, but not unbearable so. The same thing happened to her right nipple as Roger bit down on it and the same object was clipped to nipple.

"Let me know if the clamps are too tight on your nipples?"

Taking a deep breath, Carlotta replied "no they are ok. O, O, Oooooo," she cried out as Roger tightened both clamps a little bit more while pulling on the chains linking the two clamps together to see if the clamps were firmly attached. They were as they stayed firmly attached to both of Carlotta's nipples.

With Carlotta now breathing deeply, Roger resumed kissing his way down to her belly button. At this point, Roger pulled up the chemise up from Carlotta's hips. Then he swirled his tongue around and in Carlotta's belly button. She was in sweet ecstasy already and he had not even touched her for very long. Carlotta was silently willing Roger to go lower. She wanted his mouth and tongue on her clit and pussy so much that she ached to tell him, but she was too nervous to speak as she did not know what the punishment might be for speaking without permission.

Instead of going straight down, Roger veered to Carlotta's left hip and continued kissing his way down her leg to her toes. When he reached her left foot, Roger removed Carlotta's high heel shoe. He kissed each toe and returned to bite each one's fleshy part before kissing his way up Carlotta's inner leg. Carlotta was squirming with desire and she could feel how wet she was getting just from Roger's kisses. And then he stopped.

"NOOOOOOO!!!" Carlotta cried out loudly, "Oh God, don't STOP!"

"Carlotta, you spoke without permission," Roger said gently. "Now I am going to have to punish you for breaking Rule #1." And that being said, Roger tightened the nipple clamps a half turn causing a little more pain to Carlotta's hard erect nipple.

"AHHHHHHHHHH!" Carlotta cried out.

"Now, my dear, all things will come to you in good time. Be patient, relax, and you will experience all this weekend," whispered Roger in Carlotta's ear as he bit down on her lobe.

Now Roger went back to Carlotta's belly button and began kissing his way down to her right hip and down to her toes. He removed her high heel shoe and kissed each toe before biting the fleshy part on each and every toe. This time he trailed little bites up her instep towards her ankle. Roger stopped to allow Carlotta's leg to stop twitching.

"Are you okay?" Roger asked quietly.

"YES, it just tickled me when you started biting me," she replied.

Smiling, Roger started kissing Carlotta's right calf, her knee, and up her inner thigh. With Carlotta panting deeply and trying to push her hips up from the bed, Roger stopped just inches from her soaking wet panties. He then took his hands and placed then on each side of her panties and put his fingers underneath them. 

Roger started slowly and gently caressing the skin moving ever so slowing toward the center. When his fingers met each other at the middle, he began moving them down to Carlotta's clit. Roger parted his hands and began massaging the sides of Carlotta's clit making her moan over and over and over again.

"Tell me, Carlotta, what do you want me to do next?"

"Just make me cum!"

"Are you that ready for me?"

"YES!!!" she cried out breathlessly. "You got me so close already."

Slipping the thong to one side, Roger stared at Carlotta's shaved pussy and marveled at how wet she was already. He lowered his head and brought out his tongue and began running his tongue around her anus and up through her parted lips and reached her engorged clit. Carlotta was whimpering by this time and called out loudly "OH MY GOD!!!" as Roger began suckling on her clit. With her hips buckling wildly, Carlotta exploded in a full body super massive orgasm of epic proportions.

Not letting her relax, Roger plunged two fingers into Carlotta's wet pussy and began pumping them in and out. With Carlotta repeating "YES, YES, YES", Roger kept up a steady pace while meeting Carlotta's upward thrusts of her hips.

"Oh, God, oh God, I'm cumming again!" and with that said, Carlotta again exploded in a g-spot squirting orgasm which soaked the towel that Roger had initially placed under Carlotta's butt. Roger left his fingers in Carlotta's still pulsating pussy while letting her come back down to earth. After a few minutes, he removed his fingers and stuck one in his mouth to savor Carlotta's sweet nectar. He then brought his hand up to Carlotta's mouth and told her to open wide. Placing his finger in her mouth, Roger told Carlotta to suck his finger clean, which she proceeded to do with relish.

Removing his finger from Carlotta's mouth, Roger proceeded to removing the clamps from her nipples causing Carlotta to suck in her breath. Roger gently placed his mouth over each nipple and slowly ran his tongue around Carlotta's nipples.

"Does this hurt?"

"A little, but it feels so good," she replied softly.

After spending a short time licking her nipples, Roger moved down the bed and released each of Carlotta's ankles from the restraints. He told her to lift her hips and when she did, Roger slid her panties off. After they were completely off, Roger moved his head in between her thighs and raising them up, he began rimming her anus with his tongue. Roger could feel Carlotta trying to move to meet his tongue, but in this position, she could get no leverage.

Tightening his tongue into a hard pointed tip, Roger moved his tongue slowing into her back door. With his hands on Carlotta's thighs, he could feel her trying to move to meet his probing tongue. Slowly withdrawing his tongue, Roger began drawing his tongue up to her perineum, which caused Carlotta to buck madly in desire. Smiling, Roger decided to circle this area for awhile to see how much she could take.

Taking pity on her, Roger continued upward and ran his tongue up and down Carlotta's labia. Keeping his forearms on her thighs, Roger spread Carlotta's pussy giving him an open access to her delicious tasting pussy. Running his tongue up and down Carlotta's wide open pussy, he could tell that Carlotta was enjoying herself as she kept thrusting up her hips in an effort to control the pace. Burying his face into her labia, Roger thrust his tongue in her succulent pussy lapping up her flowing juices.

Some of her juices were falling down to her anus. Roger took a finger and rubbed them around causing Carlotta to moan loudly. He plunged the same finger into Carlotta's quivering pussy to coat it thoroughly. He then wrapped his mouth around her aching, throbbing clit and began suckling on it. At the same time, he thrust his coated finger up Carlotta's anus full hilt.

"Oooooooooooooo, Yesssssssssssssss!!!!!" she screamed in ecstasy. 

Licking, sucking, biting her clit was causing Carlotta to lose control. Especially with Roger simultaneously fingering her anus. She thought to herself why she never picked up on Roger's subtle attempts in the past to seduce her. Still thinking and wondering what might have been if she had of taken up with him years ago and the pleasure they could have experienced during that time. Losing herself in the moment, she relaxed her body and let her orgasm sweep over her as she curled her toes tightly.

Releasing Carlotta's thighs, Roger snaked his way up to Carlotta's head and started kissing her mouth and licking her lips. When Carlotta opened her mouth to meet his tongue, Roger thrust his hips forward plunging his rock hard cock deep into Carlotta's well lubricated pussy. 

Crying out in pure pleasure, Carlotta started chanting "Oh God" over and over again as Roger rhythmically timed his thrusts to Carlotta's. They were as one at this moment as two people could be. Carlotta was in a place she had never been before and hoped she could go there again in the future. She could feel Roger hard throbbing cock deep in her pussy as she tightened up to feel every bulging vein as he moved in and out of her. She could feel him getting ready to cum and to her surprise, she found herself getting ready to cum yet again.

Crying out together as they both came, Roger continued to pulse inside Carlotta as she used her vaginal muscles to milk him dry. What seemed like a lifetime, Roger stopped thrusting in her and gently removed Carlotta's blindfold and kissed each of her closed eyes. Burying his face in her neck both continued their deep breathing until each resumed a normal rhythm. Then Roger reached up and released both of Carlotta's bound wrists as Carlotta wrapped her arms around her best friend.

Roger pulled out of Carlotta and moved to her right side. He then sat up and got the bottle of chilled champagne, popped the cork, and poured both of them a glass. Handing Carlotta her glass and looking into her bright eyes, Roger raised his glass and said "Here is to new beginnings." Carlotta smiled as they clicked glasses and said "Ditto."

After drinking two glasses of champagne each, Roger pulled down the covers of the bed and told Carlotta to lie on her stomach. Wondering at what he might do next, she lay back down and rolled on her stomach. Roger got a bottle of massaging oil from his nightstand and dripped it on Carlotta's back and neck. She began to purr and she felt his strong fingers begin massaging her. She felt his hands and fingers all over her neck and back. Next she felt his massaging her ankles and calves while working up to her thighs. Thinking to herself that she could not take any more tonight, she just smiled and began to relax under Roger's expert touch on her body. She vaguely remembered feeling his hands on her butt as he moved back up to her back. The last thing she remembered before falling deep into sleep was Roger whispering in her ear that "tomorrow was another day."