 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me. Your opinions are welcome but your attacks are not. 

*

Out of the three of us, I ended up being the only one who could take off early from work that Thursday, as well as take off the whole next day, to pick up the keys to our shore rental. It meant I'd be down there for a full day without Rob and Jim but that ended up being extremely fortuitous. We'd rented the place for a couple of weeks and, for whatever reason, were able to get in on a Thursday rather than a Saturday or Sunday. Fortunately, my job was flexible enough that I could take off early that Thursday to pick up the keys so I went ahead and took Friday off, too, so I could start my vacation early. I figured it didn't make sense to drive down to pick up the keys then go back to work for one last day then drive back down again. My momma didn't raise no dummies.

The way that it ended up being fortuitous was that, on Friday morning, after a good, peaceful night of sleep, when I was considering how to spend my first full day of vacation, I happened to take a look at Facebook. What caught my eye was a photo on my News Feed taken on a beach that made me think, "I could've taken that" with a smile on my face. Looking closer, it turned out that I literally could have taken it because it was tagged with the location which turned out to be the exact town I was in. The next thing I noted was who had taken and posted the photo: Carmen.

I'd known Carmen as far back as elementary school though I wouldn't say we were ever really close friends. She had been a year ahead of me and I don't know that I could recall ever seeing her again once she'd left for college. It really wasn't a surprise that we ended up in the same seaside resort community and, though I have many issues with Facebook, this was one of the times that I actually could appreciate it. Before I thought too much about it, I shot Carmen a message letting her know that I was nearby and asking if she'd be interested in meeting somewhere to catch up. The next thing I did was go to her photo albums and confirm my initial recollection about her, which was that she was cute and had a nice figure. I also saw that she had a young son which, while it didn't change my desire to catch up, did make me reconsider any potential to explore that body.

Before I'd made it very far through her photos, I received a response to my message asking where I was and if I was on the beach. Not wanting to appear to anxious, though I absolutely did still want to see her in a swimsuit, I looked through a few more photos then sent a reply that I was getting ready to head there and asking if she minded if I came to find her. I set my phone down and did a quick sunscreen application before jumping into my swim trunks and grabbing my towel. Other than that, I figured a bottle of water would be good along with my phone, keys and sunglasses. Her reply was waiting when I picked up my phone again with the cross street where she was on the beach. I took a quick look at a local map, determined that it was only a few blocks away, then told her I'd see her soon and headed out the door.

One of the things that really struck me about Carmen, not just that morning but as far back as when I'd first accepted her friend request on Facebook, was that she really appeared to have blossomed since high school. What I remembered of her from back then was that she was dark skinned and dark haired, not unattractive but not somebody who probably turned a lot of heads. She was in the band and had a lot of friends but we didn't really run with the same crowd back then. In fact, I didn't know her well enough to even know what her ethnicity was, although her parents were very white, so I assumed she'd been adopted.

Now, though, she had long, blonde hair and while I was well aware that it was not her natural hair color, it really worked for her. I couldn't have said what her figure was like back in high school but I could tell in the photos that she had posted, though they weren't revealing, that she looked very fit and her tits looked nice. I was trying not to think as I walked along the beach that dark skin would mean dark nipples and dyed blonde hair might mean a hairless pussy. Not only did I need to avoid these thoughts because I assumed she was married but also because walking along the beach while pitching a tent in my swimsuit was probably not a good idea.

Of course as I was walking along the beach thinking about Carmen, I was also noticing all of the other hotties that were out and about. The funny thing is that, when I spotted Carmen, I didn't realize it was even her at first; I was just thinking that there was another hottie. When I got a better look and realized that it was her, I actually stopped momentarily in my tracks and just stared for a moment. I collected myself before she noticed and headed toward her, wondering momentarily if she'd checked my photos on Facebook so she'd recognize me. I didn't wear my hair long like I had back in high school but I also no longer had the scrawny physique of a cross-country runner. I was in good enough shape that I was comfortable approaching her without having my shirt on. She was wearing a fairly modest two-piece swimsuit that showed her figure quite well but didn't reveal too much.

"Carmen," I said, since she hadn't seen me approach. She turned and broke into a big smile, which was another thing I'd noticed in her photos -- she really had a great smile. She didn't hug me but I did notice, since she wasn't wearing sunglasses, that she gave my physique the once over.

"Hey, look at you," she said, "I don't know that I would have recognized you. No more long hair."

"Yeah, well they seem to frown upon it in the corporate world," I replied, "but it looks like somebody now has my blonde locks."

"Ha, yeah I do, don't I?" she replied, "Well, sometimes a drastic change is in order."

"I like it," I told her, "I think it really suits you."

"Do you remember my mom?" she asked after contemplating what I'd just said for a moment.

"Actually, no I don't," I confessed, as I reached out to shake her hand, "although I assume we met at some point during all of the years that Carmen and I were in school together."

"Maybe," her mom replied, "but parents always seem to know more about who their kids are going to school with than the kids know about the parents. It's nice to see you."

"And this is JT," Carmen said as her son approached.

"Nice to meet you, JT," I said, shaking his hand. He looked to be about 10 or 11 and was very well-mannered.

"If you two want to take a walk along the beach and get caught up," Carmen's mom said, "I can keep JT out of trouble."

I don't know if she saw something that we didn't at the moment or if she was trying to initiate something but Carmen and I took her up on her offer and headed off along the beach.

"So your husband isn't going to mind that you're wandering off with me?" I asked, having noted that he obviously wasn't with them on the beach.

"Ex-husband, actually," she corrected, "What about you? You must have a special girl in your life."

This led to a discussion of my poor luck with women and how, although I'd been in a few long relationships, they ultimately didn't work out. She then filled me in on how she'd gotten married soon after graduating college to a guy who had really treated her well until they were husband and wife. Having JT hadn't helped their marriage but she felt like he was really a blessing in her life. Unfortunately, there were a lot of guys who weren't interested in a single mom, so she didn't have much of a dating life.

"So where did you say you were staying?" Carmen asked during a lull in the conversation. I stopped and looked at the buildings lining the beach until I saw the one that contained our rental, which we'd already walked past.

"Right there," I said, pointing back behind us just a bit.

"So if there is no girlfriend in the picture," she asked, "who are you staying with?"

I explained the situation with Jim and Rob and how I'd been able to come down early but they hadn't.

"It's a really nice place with a great view," I concluded, "You want to see it?"

I actually wasn't thinking about taking her up there to try to seduce her; I was just being polite.

"Sure," she replied, "I'd love to see it."

We turned around and headed back the way we'd just come then cut across the sand toward the building our rental was in. We were still just chatting and catching up so I still wasn't thinking about the fact that I was leading an attractive, available woman back to a private location where I'd left my bed unmade. Once we were inside, I showed her around, including the view. We stood out on the balcony enjoying the scenery from a higher vantage point.

"My mom has a great house," Carmen said, "but she doesn't have a view like this."

"That's one of the reasons we selected it," I explained, "When you're not on the beach, you still want to see the ocean, right?"

After enjoying the view for a few minutes, it seemed like we both turned toward each other nearly simultaneously. I hadn't even been thinking about whether I should try to kiss her or not, it just turned out to be one of those moments where we were both in sync when it came to that. Her arms went around my neck as my hands went to her waist and our lips were soon pressed together. It didn't take long before our tongues had slipped into each other's mouths and my hands moved down to her ass. Given that I was wearing only swim trunks, there was no way she couldn't have felt my cock growing against her abdomen. Her ass felt like it was perfect and I couldn't help pull her against my growing cock as I was massaging and squeezing it.

"Let's go inside," she said, breathlessly, pulling her mouth from mine. I released her and let her go through the door ahead of me so I could admire her ass. Visually it definitely didn't disappoint. I didn't think it was appropriate to lead her to my bedroom and not just because I hadn't bothered to make the bed.

"It's been a long time for me," she confessed, facing me again.

"Let me take care of you then," I suggested. I really wanted to get her naked and check out her body, not just jump on her and fuck her. I figured if I took care of her first, it would give me that opportunity and, if I could get her to cum a few times, I might end up being set for getting laid for my entire vacation. I kissed my way down along her neck while caressing her tits through her bikini top, feeling her hard nipples pressing outward. As I lowered my head further, I slid the straps off her shoulders and lowered her top to reveal her tits and was not disappointed to find that her hard nipples and moderately-sized areolas were as dark as I'd expected. As I started to alternately lick and suck each one, she held my head and moaned.

Moving my hands down from her tits as my lips and tongue continued to work on her nipples, I unfastened her bikini top, now around her waist, and let it drop to the floor. After running my hands over her ass again, I moved one around to caress her pussy through her bikini bottom. It sure didn't feel like there were any pubes there but I was very curious to find out for sure. I dropped to my knees before her and, after a quick glance up at her face, focused on the front of her bikini bottom, then started to slide it down. I ran my hands over her bare ass as I exposed it and, as her pussy was revealed, my suspicion that it was smooth was confirmed. My attention remained on the hairless, light-brown skin as her bikini bottom hit her ankles and she stepped out of it. I wanted to eat her pussy but I needed her to sit down and be comfortable first. Looking up along her body before making eye contact with her again, I couldn't believe that she was standing there naked before me, her tanlines highlighting the best parts.

"Your body is just amazing," I said, looking into her eyes from below, "but please sit down and get comfortable."

She'd blushed but didn't hesitate, sitting on the couch with her legs spread as I positioned myself on my knees between them. I kissed up her smooth, light-brown thighs until I was directly in front of her smooth pussy, which I admired briefly from that vantage point before running my tongue up her slit. She let out a moan that made it abundantly clear that she appreciated having her pussy licked and grabbed my head while starting to hump toward my face. I slurped up her pungent juices before slipping a finger into her and putting my tongue to work on her clit, making her moan even louder. Her pussy was saturated with her nectar and I knew it was going to feel incredible to slip into. I had no doubt at that point that I'd be fucking her before we departed even though I hadn't considered it a remotely realistic possibility earlier that day. Her pussy was so slick that I managed to slip a second finger into her along with the first and she started to sound like she was going out of her mind with lust.

I wasn't sure if it would take very long to get her to a satisfying orgasm when I'd first started but I was perfectly okay with eating her pussy for as long as it took and maybe even longer. I didn't know if she'd given any consideration to us ending up in this position after I'd first contacted her or if it had been entirely spontaneous, so I didn't know whether she'd gotten herself worked up beforehand or if that had all happened once we'd started kissing. Whatever the case, she seemed pretty fired up already when I'd started eating her and her pussy just continued to feel even wetter and more engorged the longer I was licking and sucking her clit while pumping my fingers in and out. At the same time, she seemed to be tensing up a little bit then trying to relax again, which I hoped was a good sign that she was experiencing a significant amount of pleasure. Her moans had turned into gasps and almost like panting and I was pretty confident that it wasn't due to pain or discomfort.

When she finally let out a cry and all the tension left her body as it started to shake, I did feel a sense of relief that I'd been able to make her cum. I continued to finger her pussy while licking and sucking her clit as her orgasm seemed to go on, though I'm not sure whether that prolonged it or not. I only quit when she went completely still, released my head and let out a content-sounding sigh. I sat back on my heels, sucking her juices off of my fingers while continuing to admire her hot body as she caught her breath.

"That was fantastic," she said when she could finally speak again, "Do you have a condom?"

I did but they were in my bedroom so I got up, my swimsuit tented out in front of me, and quickly grabbed one. I tossed it to her when I returned so that she could open it as I untied the drawstring on my swimsuit. She was watching as I pushed them down and my rigid cock sprung out, her eyes going wide. She handed me the condom, which I rolled down my tool, then I sat beside her on the couch and she swung her leg over me. Reaching down, she guided my cock to her pussy and lowered herself onto it. Even through the condom, her pussy felt amazingly hot and slippery as it engulfed my cock. She sat on it for a moment, her eyes closed, as I started to caress her hard nipples. She leaned in to kiss me again then started slowly to move up and down as we were making out. I ran my hands from her tits down over her smooth waist and around to her ass, caressing it as she rode me.

Since she started out slowly, I was able to really savor the feeling of her hot, slippery pussy sliding up and down my cock while also appreciating the feel of her ass against my palms. Even though she was riding me slowly, however, she was kissing me quite passionately which I took as a really good indication of how fired up she was. I wasn't sure whether the fact that she'd already had one orgasm would make having any additional ones even easier or not but, since she'd had that one, I was feeling less pressure and consequently was more relaxed. I could feel my own orgasm beginning to build as a result of how awesome her pussy felt but I didn't think she'd hold it against me if I couldn't hold out until she came again.

The longer we were going at it, the harder and faster she was riding me, and the quicker my orgasm was building. I was pushing up into her, as well, just wanting to experience the pleasure of her pussy on the full length of my cock. She ended up pulling her mouth away from mine and straightening up with her eyes closed while moaning even longer and louder. I was getting close to cumming but it seemed as though she might actually get there again before I did, not only based on the noises she was making but also on the fact that her pussy continued to feel even better the longer she rode my cock. I brought my hands up to caress her hard nipples and I don't know if that helped her along but it didn't take much longer before she dropped into my lap and just sat there. She let out a little cry of pleasure as I felt her body trembling.

While I continued to fondle her breasts and caress her nipples, I was watching the ecstatic expression on her face, feeling sublimely pleased that I had some involvement in putting it there. Her pussy still felt incredible wrapped around my cock but, since she was temporarily not moving, I could feel my orgasm back off just a bit. Despite sitting still on my cock, her orgasm seemed to go on pretty long, her body gradually going from continuous trembling to random twitching before she opened her eyes again. She smiled her incredible smile at me then gave me a quick kiss before starting to climb off of me.

"That was not only long overdue," she said, breathlessly, "but the perfect way to end a long drought."

"Glad to be of service," I replied, eyeballing her body before she knelt on the floor before me. She slipped the condom off of my still throbbing cock then pumped it in her petite fist as she lowered her head to lick my balls. My cock grew even harder and pulsed in her hand as I watched her tongue coursing over my scrotum. She looked up at me and smiled again with a twinkle in her eye, then wrapped her lips around my tool and slowly slid them down, engulfing me in her hot mouth. I moaned and ran my fingers through her blonde hair as she enthusiastically sucked my cock while pumping the base. I could feel my orgasm immediately beginning to build up again and was relishing the level of pleasure provided by her talented mouth.

We'd left the sliding door to the balcony open so I could hear the crashing of the waves and the calls of the seagulls as I sat on the couch and Carmen's blonde head bobbed up and down in my lap. I don't know that I could have conceived of a better start to a two-week vacation and was getting a pretty good sense that this wouldn't be the only experience I'd be having with her during my stay. My attention was on my cock disappearing into her mouth and the pleasure I was feeling as a result while my orgasm continued to build. As my cock became even thicker the closer I got to cumming, Carmen never even hesitated, continuing to skillfully suck me off. Even when I exploded into her mouth with a grunt, she didn't pause and just swallowed my load as her mouth slid up and down. It wasn't until I was completely spent and starting to soften that she let my cock fall from her mouth and looked up at me.
