 Carmen loved to read. Anything she could get her hands on would satisfy her craving for more books. However, her favorite stories were juicy, romantic, steamy stories. Ones where gorgeous hardworking men would do anything for the woman that caught their eye. 

She was a beautiful mocha skinned woman who was quite petite standing just above five feet. And being a bit on the tiny side she also had an attraction to men who were on the shorter side. Men she could look in the eye without breaking her neck. Which was why she was hiding behind the blinds in the office watching the cute Mexican men outside tending to the landscaping. 

This was one of her secret pleasures in life. Standing here imagining one of them would notice her and treat her just like the women in her favorite books were treated. That they would take her away and devour her in passion and tenderness both. In her fantasy it was the wild & crazy taking that she thought more about than anything else. 

She didn't really believe she was beautiful (whether people told her so or not). And feeling a bit "less" she always tried to hide in the background. Why let yourself be noticed just to find you're lacking? So here she stood in the lobby of the office early in the morning. There was a really hot man not 10 feet away from her who didn't even know she was there. He stripped off his shirt, wiped his brow and kept right on shoveling mulch into the bushes. 

Now that was a man, she thought to herself. She let herself imagine for just a minute what it would be like to walk outside and let him know she was there. Would he be startled and tell her to go away? Probably. But ignoring the probably she moved her restless hands over her body for a moment wondering just how his rough hands would feel over her skin. 

She must have made some noise while playing through her fantasy because she opened her eyes to see him standing in front of the window trying to look in. Thankful for the blinds she started to back away and tripped over one of the chairs that was behind her. Crashing back forward into the window not only hurt her head. But also her pride. And of course, crashing into the window meant disturbing the blinds that acted as her protection. 

The man she'd been watching earlier now ran to around to the front door and let himself in. With his thick accent he tried to ask if she was alright but she couldn't seem to form any coherent thoughts or words. It was horrible. This man that she loved to watch was now kneeling over her running his hands everywhere... and he was just concerned. There was no passion... and she was all but glowing red from embarrassment. 

However, no matter how embarrassed she was her body was reacting to the hands touching her face, arms, legs and everything else. Cursing herself again for wearing such flimsy clothes on a day like today she looked down to see her nipples standing to attention and poking through her blouse. 

He seemed to notice as well and his hands stopped all movement. His eyes met hers and she blushed even more. Again, she seemed to be without words as he suddenly lifted her small body, carried her out the front door and took her to the van that the landscaping company had parked out front. 

About ten feet from the van she finally found her voice. "What are you doing? Put me down. I don't even know who you are." She started to kick and writhe around but he just held her tighter and didn't let her go. 

He opened the back of the van and stepped in closing the door behind him. Then he dropped her. Literally. On her butt. But she didn't feel the hard bed of the van, instead she realized she'd been dropped on a pile of cloth sacks. Who knew what had been in them? 

Carmen began to really yell then. One of the words even being help as she tried to scramble past him to the door. As he tackled her back down again she realized he was laughing. This was starting to really scare her. She gave in to the hysterics that were just below the surface and began to cry. 

But then he was kissing her. Gently kissing her face where the tears were falling. Softly kissing her lips. He was whispering something that she couldn't understand. But somehow she began to calm down and realize that as horrified as she was... she was indeed enjoying herself. 

About that time she also realized that she could feel his hardness against her thigh. She glanced down to see that even through his clothes his erection was obvious. Is it possible? Did this sexy man want her? Is this why she was outside in the semi-privacy of his work van instead of still standing alone in the office?

She looked back up at his handsome face again and realized that she wasn't really in any danger. Instead, it seemed she'd been temporarily kidnapped by a sexy stranger who wanted her body. It was just like one of her novels playing itself out just for her. 

Suddenly she was kissing him back with abandon. His hands roamed her body freely now and she didn't stop him. Instead she met him stroke for stroke. He slid away from her and started at her feet. Sliding her shoes off her feet and kissing, nibbling on them. His tongue flicked over her arch making her shiver before he gave the same treatment to her other foot. 

Then he was at her ankles. His teeth scraping lightly and zinging through her. The whimpers she was letting escape didn't even sound like her anymore. It was a sound she couldn't even recognize. But the more that she squirmed and the louder she got the more he teased and tormented her. 

He moved just as slowly up her legs paying special attention to the soft area behind her knees before nibbling his way up both of her thighs. He'd only removed her shoes & slacks so far. But now he was at the juncture of her thighs and her nerves began to return. 

He must have noticed the tense look returning to her face so he leaned up and kissed her full on the mouth. The distraction worked yet again and before she realized what happened he was back between her thighs and her panties were gone. And before she could begin to wonder at that fact his mouth was on her. 

She felt his hands cupping her buttocks and lifting her up. His tongue first just lapping gently at her folds. Then his hands shifted and lifted her higher & wider. His tongue went deeply inside her once, twice and then he wasn't there anymore. But instead nibbling around her folds again. He kept up this torturous pace until finally she was begging him to take her. 

She kept feeling her pending orgasm come so close and then slip away again. He must have known. He must have felt her start to clench and then he'd back away again. But as she begged him again to please push her over the edge he shifted again and this time his tongue & teeth began to work on her hard nub while he was pushing two then three thick fingers deep in her. 

It only took another moment for her to cum hard. She screamed out loud as she came. It was one of the most intense orgasms of her life. Her body spasmed around his fingers and gushed into his waiting mouth. He just kept lapping softly at her as she came down to earth again. 

Then as she lay there slumped on top of the cloth sacks he reared up and stripped himself of his pants. The cock that jumped bounced as it was released surprised her. She'd never seen one so big and beautiful. But again, he never gave her a chance to think. 

He reached down and literally ripped the blouse and bra she was wearing away from her body. The small buttons that had been holding it in place could be heard rolling all over the van. His mouth clamped down on one nipple while his hand rolled and pulled at the other. She arched up under him and in that moment he slid his cock all the way home. 

The shock of being so suddenly filled hit her all at once. But then his hands were on her hips and he was pumping in and out her. Of their own violation her hands reached up and touched him. Her nails dug into his shoulders as she held on and her cries of passion could again be heard filling the van. 

It seemed like an eternity but was probably only a few minutes before another massive orgasm began to shake her body. As her body gripped his so tightly he came with her. His hot juice filling her seemed to give her another mini orgasm before she even had a chance to come down. 

The intensity of all that was happening and had happened didn't sink in for another few minutes as she lay there wrapped around a man she didn't know. Again, he anticipated her and reached up above them. She took the card he then gave her and read it for herself. 

Miguel Hernandez, owner Tip Top Landscaping We conquer all landscaping needs. 555-2384

Her eyes widened. She had a name, number, address... Hell, he was the owner of the company. She glanced at him again and he just smiled at her, kissed her mouth gently again and leaned down to whisper in her ear. 

"Any time you need help with your hills or valleys being filled in give me a call."

He got up, put on his pants and left her there as he went back to finish mulching in front of the building where she worked. Her co-workers were back by now and she didn't even have a blouse to wear back into the building. It looked like she was taking a personal day. But with the way it's started... who knew how it would end up?

She lay back again wondering just what Miguel would do if she just stayed here for a bit. Maybe he could fill in another hole for her before he moved on to his next job.