 After hours of searching, I had finally found it. I've been driving all over this town trying to find this particular library because I was told it had the books I needed to finish up a book project I was working on. The type of research I needed to do was of an obscure nature, and by default, made the information I needed obscure as well.

I got out of my car and looked at the building. It obviously was once a grand old house converted to its current use, and I was taken by its charm. I went inside and was immediately impressed. Each room of the old house had it's own topic, and there was a large table with several chairs in each one.

It was very quiet in there as I walked around, trying to find the room that had what I needed. After several minutes, I asked the old woman at the reception desk if they had what I was looking for. She told me that there were more rooms on the second and third floors. 

I made my way to the staircase and started to walk up. The steps creaked loudly as I ascended, drawing admonishing stares from the other patrons. I reached the landing and began to search the rooms. I peered into one and met eye-to-eye a very attractive young woman that was sitting at the table. She had on a black, low-cut blouse, and a short, black leather skirt. Her sexy, full lips wore black lipstick and her firm, sexy legs wore fishnet stockings. I even caught a glimpse of her garter belt.....

Her gray eyes seemed to go right through me and I suddenly felt very self-conscious. I gave her a quick smile and went about looking in the other rooms. I entered the next one down the hall, and gave the books in there a quick look, but my mind was elsewhere. All of a sudden, my mind was filled with images and thoughts about the girl in the other room......As I turned to leave I heard a crash and quickly jumped out into the hall.

I was just in time to see that very same chick bending over to pick up the books she dropped. I was close enough that I could see down her blouse, and what I saw gave me an instant erection. She had on a black push-up bra on and her ample cleavage threatened to spill out all over. She looked up at me suddenly and I could tell by her playful expression that I'd just been caught. Embarrassed, I quickly moved to help her pick up the books. I reached for one book at the same time she did and our hands touched, hers over mine. My first reaction was to jerk my hand away, but I didn't. And neither did she. Our eyes slowly moved from the book to each other. I was suddenly aware of her seductive perfume, the heat of the hallway, the feel of her hand still on mine, and the electricity now flowing throughout my body.......... 

The moment passed, and I awkwardly helped her with the rest of the books. We both got up and took one more look at each other. I hoped that she didn't notice the bulge now threatening to explode out of my pants. As she turned away, I caught her giving me the once-over. There was no way she missed my erection.........

She started to go down the hall to the stairs that led to the third floor when she looked back over her shoulder and caught me staring at her...again. She smiled and then winked at me. I continued to watch her ascend the stairs; I could tell by the way that she carried herself that she was a very sensual woman. I was transfixed by the way her hips moved, the sexy shape of her legs, the way her blond hair played along her sexy shoulders.

I stood there wondering what I should do next....I had lost all interest in my research now and I was torn between leaving and asking her out. But why would a sexy chick like her give a guy like me a second look? I was about to leave when I heard her walking on the floor above me. The sound of her high-heeled ankle boots on the old, wooden floor seemed to beckon me; I didn't hear anyone else walking around up there.......

I gathered up my courage and began walking up the stairs, creaking as I went up. I reached the top, and looked around. This floor was obviously used very little. It was dusty, and the air was a bit stale. It was quite warm as well........

I walked to the first room I came to and peeked in...no one there. I moved on to the next one, than the next one after that. There were three old people in the next one I checked and they gave me impatient stares for my trouble. Just as I was thinking that she somehow went back down stairs, I turned and there she was...inches from me. Our eyes met , and I became immediately aroused again. She surprised me by kissing me lightly on the lips, then turned around and disappeared into the next room. I quickly followed her in......

We met next to the bookshelf just inside the room.....I grabbed her and pulled her close. I kissed her on the mouth and hungrily devoured her soft tongue. Our hands played all over each other's bodies......I took in every curve, I ran my hands along her back, down to her tight ass. I reached down to her upper thighs and slid my hands up slowly. I then grabbed her bare ass and pulled her close into me. Our breathing was getting louder, and her little moans of pleasure were amplified by the empty room.....

I stepped back a little and pulled off her blouse; I had to suck on those sweet, full tits of hers. I pulled down slightly on the under wire of her bra, and her breasts effortlessly spilled out........I hungrily began to lick and tease her nipples while my hands massaged and kneaded........I began to run her erect nipples in between my teeth, biting down slightly ever now and then. Our breathing was getting louder still, and our movements became more aggressive and forceful..........

I swung her around and pressed her into the table. I helped her up on it then leaned her back. I got to my knees and pulled her crotch to my face. She helpfully spread her legs and moved the skirt out of my way. I urgently began to eat her sweet, tight pussy...I tongued her deep and shallow, around the mouth of her cunt, then deep and shallow again......her moans were becoming more pronounced and her hips ground forcefully into my face...I could feel her hands on my head now...urging me on even more..

I got up and moved to the side of the table, then began to finger-fuck her. I leaned over and began to suck on her tits again. I sucked as hard as I could, her moans and whimpers encouraging me to go on.........I moved my finger in and out slowly, then added another finger...and another. I could hear the squishing of her juices with each push in.......

This was getting to be too much for me........I began to rub her clit with my thumb as my fingers continued to stimulate her......my mouth continued to suck on her tits and neck....with my free hand I undid my pants and pulled them down. She saw what I was doing and edged her head closer to the side of the table. She propped herself up on an elbow, then took me in her mouth....

I have never felt anything as wonderful as her mouth felt right then.....she effortlessly took me deep down her throat, over and over as I worked on her pussy. She was bringing me to the edge of my endurance.......her mouth felt so good........

We didn't notice it at first, but the table was creaking pretty good by now....both of us were gasping in ecstasy as the pleasure in our loins continued to build....she was going to make me come if I didn't stop her quickly, so I reluctantly pulled out of her mouth...she lay her head back down after moaning in protest. I moved back to the foot of the table and resumed eating her. After a few more minutes, she was ready...I slowed down the pace of the licking and eating, and applied more pressure as I did so...........I started to rub her clit with my nose just as her muscular thighs closed in on my head and squeezed.......she began to thrash about as her orgasm washed over her......I could feel her pussy contract with every wave as she struggled mightily not to shout out.

After a few moments her thighs relaxed their grip, and I got up. I pulled her to her feet and pinned her up against the bookcase against the wall. I grabbed one leg and pulled it over my hip, then the other one. I then guided my still-swollen cock to the mouth of her cunt and pressed it in.......she gasped as she easily took my whole length deep inside her. I found her neck with my mouth and began to suck on it hard while my hips began to thrust slowly into hers.........

I worked her pussy gently at first..each passing second brought an increase in tempo, strength and depth......I could feel the tissues of her pussy cling to my cock as I thrust more and more deliberately.....she felt so damn good.......

I could feel my own orgasm building now.....I began to let loose and I fucked her with everything I had.....I was slamming her so hard her hips were banging against the shelves behind her, but I couldn't help it.....I was ready to explode! She sensed it, too....just as I was about to come, she put her hand over my mouth and whispered for me to keep it down. I looked into her smiling, flushed face and remembered about the other people in the next room......I couldn't help but smile as I pumped my cum deep inside her, fighting so hard to keep quiet against the wonderful pleasure that she brought to me ..........