 CHAPTER 1

Car auto technician Eddie White was bent over brushing the driver's floor mat of the racy convertible when someone grabbed a handful of his butt.

Eddie roared, "Fucking gay mechanics," and banged his head on the steering wheel in his haste to get out and drop [punch to the ground] the slimy bastard.

The tall and lean Australian turned, scowling and his green eyes lined up the chin of the offending homosexual when all he saw was a wide-open mouth coated in lipstick.

"Don't hit me, Miss Shanks whimpered.

Christ Miss Shanks was the customer, a university assistant professor, who'd owned the $85,000 Alfa Romeo Spider V6 AWD he'd just finished working on.

"Oh Miss Shanks."

"Oooh Eddie, god you look wonderful when aroused. But I was out of order. Please allow me to say sorry by taking you to dinner this evening."

"Just apologizing is enough Miss Shanks."

"Eddie I never apologize to anyone, I'm a woman," she said, blue eyes twinkling and not for the first time Eddie noticed the twin humps.

He licked his lips, bright enough to know that perhaps more than dinner would be on the table.

That proved correct.

Just after 10:00 that night they entered Anna's ground floor apartment via the kitchen and she lay back over the kitchen table, pulling up her black dress and still holding her handbag.

Through the red haze of passion, Eddie thought he saw two juicy folds of moist flesh midway down her body. Squashed on to the table they looked like two tiny fillet steaks.

"Make me pregnant and I'll marry you," said the 38-year old.

Eddie, who was just thirty, and was quickly rising to the boil, had to assume she was joking. But rising to the occasion he pulled out a sizeable erection and lewdly promised her, "Let me bang this hole enough times and you'll be pregnant."

"I wish," Anna said and closed her eyes while Eddie's dick was pushed and sucked into a very moist vagina that looked good enough to eat, but some other time.

Approximately forty intercourse sessions later, the highly-strung Anna came out of the medical rooms smiling serenely, carrying the look of a woman whose most pressing wish to be told she was pregnant had just been satisfied. There had been earlier indications of course but Anna, being a professional, required a gynecologist to confirm the pregnancy.

Eddie and Anna were married in a tiny church in front of Eddie's immediate family and Anna had invited an equal number of her closest friends, all of whom spoke as if they'd just had major dental surgery. But when speaking to Eddie they tended to sound as if they were speaking pigeon-English and fighting to choose words of no more than three syllables. They simply assumed a car salesman who'd left school at seventeen, was at the level of a street sweeper or farm laborer.

Anna closed her legs immediately after the honeymoon.

"No more sex until after the baby is born Eddie. Your penis is too large. I don't wish to the fetus to be harmed."

"What say if I promised no harm to it or what say we use your butt?"

"Don't be childish. I'll provide women for you."

The university had thousands of female tutors and students and Eddie had a feast because Anna appeared to introduce him to only the most sexually focused. But then, when he'd only scratched the surface of that amazing group of cock-hungry women of various nationalities, Anna was head-hunted by private industry and they left Sydney for Perth on the west coast of Australia, just over 2000 miles away.

"Do you really want to leave Sydney?" Eddie asked, his dick tender from Melissa Wright's teeth scrapes from the previous evening.

"Yes," Anna said. "This is an amazing opportunity to advance my career and the salary is tremendous. I won't wish you to find a job because the position involves international travel and I'll want you at my side because you know I'm a nervous traveler. Don't worry about your sex. There's still a Wild West touch to Western Australia and the foundation where I'll work is well populated by American women and part of their culture is to take it up the butt."

Huh?

Anna didn't explain where she'd gained that information from. Reading too more porn literature perhaps? She'd already had two books published about female sexuality.

The Female Fertility Foundation of Western Australia was populated by 158 employees, mostly females, and Eddie would never forget beginning his mission to fuck every female on the payroll... well why not aim ambitiously? 

On her second day at work, Anna, as head of the sperm testing unit, called her husband and asked, "Would you like to come in and donate sperm?"

"What are you ready to be fucked at last?"

"No silly. Lucy is quite comfortable in my womb without hearing the disgusting slip-slide sound of your dick within me and the noise of you grunting and then your primeval cry as your ejaculate."

"My primeval cry?"

"Forget it Eddie. Just come and be a donor. This is just a one-off visit because I know you'll not the type of person to go in for multiple visits. Anyway it takes about three months plus loads of information from the donor before he's possibly invited to become a regular donor. We don't sell our sperm though because we are not that type of facility." 

"Can't you jack me off in the morning and you take the collection to work?"

"No darling," Anna said patiently. "Ejaculation must be collected on-site and our testers only have a one-hour window of opportunity."

Eddie took a cab to the facility and was a little apprehensive about leaving his sperm for what he suspected would be barbarous treatment. But when he entered the Foundation's facility and noticed just how fuckable every female he saw appeared, he was blown over and his dick rose and appeared to be trying to get a look at those women.

"Ah Mr White please fill out this consent form," said the receptionist. "We are so excited that your wife has joined us. "Dr Cooke-White is such an authority in her field."

"Thanks Miss Tits, er Mrs Waddell," Eddie corrected himself, glancing at her name tag pinned over the left one.

"Oh cheeky Mr White," she cooed. "But I'm glad you like big breasts. Most of the donors we get are wimpy men who only like skinny women." 

With that done, a woman in a gown, face mask and gumboots came towards Eddie, scaring him and he almost ran.

"Don't worry about my appearance," she said, introducing herself as Francis. "This is a project on sterility to compare the sperm count of males deemed to be infertile. 

Jenni said you prefer females with big boobies."

"Jenni?"

"She's our donor receptionist."

"Oh yeah."

"Under this gown are big tits Mr White."

Eddie followed her like a puppy dog.

They entered a bathroom.

"Would you like a magazine or to watch a foul DVD Eddie?"

"A DVD. Will the delay be long?"

"That depends how soon you can ejaculate."

Eddie wondered about the extraction method.

"Do you suck and then spit into a test tube?"

"No you jerk off into this jar. When did you last have sex?"

Eddie calculated and said, six eleven, twelve and thirteen hours ago.

"Ooh, Dr Cooke-White is a lucky woman," she said in error, assuming Eddie's wife had been the woman he fucked some hours ago. "I'm lucky to get it twice a week and then it's over all too soon."

She left and Eddie, very unhappily, looked at the blank video screen. Then the screen lit up and the film showed a brunette woman with a big strap-on imitation penis push into a blonde who had her heels pulled back over her ears, so the camera viewed everything. When that was in and the brunette was pumping, a guy with a long thin dick came up behind her and inserted and then pushed his dry thumb into her anus.

She just growled pleasurably.

But Eddie became bored and fell asleep. 

Francis came in and said tut-tut and the dozing Eddie became immediately alert.

"I'm underwhelmed," he explained. "The artificialness of this set-up has left me cold."

"So what could induce you to come?"

"Firing into a condom while holding a pair of juicy tits."

"Very well then," Francis said, going over and looking the door. "Men have this fantasy about how we collect sperm samples. Well in your case I'll make this exception. When I saw your dick I hoped to get the opportunity to make it make ejaculation easier for you and here we are."

Francis pulled down her panties to the top of her gumboots. She handed Eddie a condom and then reached in between the ties at the back of her gown and undid her bra and then backed into him.

"Only in my anus Eddie, here's a tube of lube. When fucking my ass try not to allow all of the condom to enter, to avoid any likelihood of any of my juices getting into the condom."

Francis bounced up and down on him for twenty minutes, and although Eddie had her cheeks in his palms to assist on the ascending stroke, she was tiring. 

"Eddie, can you try to come? I'm exhausted. I must have climaxed eight times and my fingers are cramping."

"Ah well okay," he said and gave a primeval cry and gushed

Eddie continued playing with her heavy hangers until her panting subsided.

Francis then carefully removed the condom and emptied the trapped semen into the flask and screwed on the lid.

"God I feel fucked," she said using a towel. "Thanks Eddie, you are so masterful. I must get this sample off to the team. Rest and you may leave when you are ready."

Someone knocked at the door.

"Come in."

The receptionist Jenni entered.

"Um Eddie?"

"Has Francis just spoken to you?"

Jenni nodded.

He grinned and stood and her eyes bulged as she saw the rising penis.

"Lock the door and sit on the chair Jenni and undo your bra."

An hour later when Eddie left Jenni was asleep on the chair and as he smiled at the standby receptionist she asked, "Where's Jenni?"

"Sleeping. Give her fifteen minutes."

"Jeepers, Dr Cooke-White is a very lucky woman. Mr White if you are ever asked to return for another sample could you make the appointment for a Wednesday. I relieve as receptionist all day on Wednesdays." 

"Let me feel your tits dear?"

He smiled and said lovely and yes he'd asked Anna for a Wednesday appointment if recalled. 

Eddie never returned to the facility but details of the size of his cock and testicles and comment on his staying power were listed on a staff-only page on the foundation's website with the password given only to females. Also listed was Eddie's photo and phone number.

Eddie was soon tied up, although Veronica was the only one who actually handcuffed him and bound his ankles together. Maggie came to his apartment for sex on Monday morning, Veronica Tuesday morning, Francis Wednesday morning, Jenni Thursday morning and lesbian called Ruth on Friday mornings, leaving Eddie the weekend free. Ruth was doing research for her partner who was writing a textbook about the sexual inadequacies of the male.

Within three months Eddie was dreaming about life that was all about chasing pussy and after a lengthy chase ending up with a couple of nights of bliss before being dumped.  

It really would be bliss compared with the hell he was going through. The women he was carrying on with stayed with him from between three and six hours and demanded full-on sex for at least 50% of their time with him.

He'd become pale and lethargic (concealed during sexual activity), his weight had dropped from 212 lbs. to 187 lbs. and he had three bothersome STDs, although the clinic advised none were deemed serious.        

Because of his failing health, Eddie began arguing with his wife and now seventh months into her pregnancy Anna had no time for that crap. She demanded a divorce and Eddie's weekday women heard about that and they all dumped him. He and Anna reached agreement on a financial settlement agreement after the papers were filed and he left Australia with heaps of money to begin the year-long separation before the divorce could be granted.

Eddie had settled for $1,858,000 from Anna and believed he was worth every cent considering the mess Anna had led him into since their marriage. He wasn't aware that Anna would have agreed to him getting even more money just to get rid of him. He sent air tickets to his parents and joined them at the hotel in Honolulu and consulted a gym fitness specialist for a program to regain his weight and fitness.

The family reunion in Hawaii was less than joyful. Eddie's mom was upset she would get to see her grandson and asked him what had happened. The three of them had been drinking for several hours and so Eddie unwisely told her all.

Gayle unleashed and called him a mongrel and a total disgrace to the White family. Eddie was pleased she hadn't said the Hamilton family because he would have had to remind his mom her father had been jailed for ten years for robbing a bank at gunpoint and fleeing with a miserable $400. She screamed at Eddie to get a life and moved to another hotel, leaving Eddie and his dad, a former marine, to finish out the 10-day break sipping beer and watching porno DVDs.

Eddie's parents, who were originally American citizens, went on to visit old friends and family in North Carolina. Eddie had been born at a military base in North Carolina shortly before his father was posted on guard duties at the American Embassy in Canberra and the family ended up with Australian and American passports. He decided to relocate in America and chose to leave late that night for San Francisco and try his luck there.

Aboard the flight, Eddie thought about what his mom had said: that he needed to get a life.

Well yeah, he hadn't achieved a brilliant career. He had a degree in mechanical engineering that was fairly broadly based and had ended up as a specialist in trouble-shooting faults in computer systems in motor-vehicles. But he'd been going nowhere fast doing that.

Eddie booked into a hotel for a week and began looking for work. 

He emerged from yet another unpromising job interview and virtually walked into a mugging. Two guys, one with a length of l-inch pipe, were threatening a guy in a suit who was in the progress of removing his watch, with one of the guys looking through a wallet.

Eddie shoulder charged the guy with the bar, knocking down both villains. He then bent down and punched the jaw of the weasel holding the pipe and who went out like a light. The victim was struggling to retrieve his wallet from the bigger assailant. Eddie grabbed the punk's arm and twisted it behind his back. They heard the punk's thumb in Eddie's grip crack and the guy howled in pain.

"Come, leave them," the victim panted. "Stay here and we'll be involved with the cops taking statements and then being called to court as witnesses."

Watched by a few bystanders, they hurried off and disappearing around a corner they crossed the street into a bar.

"Thanks pal," said the older man, holding out his hand. "I'm Mike Carol."

"Hi Mike, Eddie White. I'm sorry I hadn't come along sooner."

"You were fine," Mike grinned as they shook hands and he joked, "Don't break my arm. Are you Texan?"

"I was born up the East Coast a bit but became an Australian citizen as a kid."

"Well thanks getting me out of that mess lightly. Name your poison."

"A lager style beer thanks."

"Two Anchor Hummings please miss."

The older man asked was Eddie on vacation.

"No I've just arrived back in the country to start looking for work."

"What do you do?"

"My last job was working on car and light truck electronics trouble-shooting... like making adjustments or replacing faulty bits."

"So you trained as an auto technician."

"Actually my degree is a Master of Engineering Practice, with emphasis on mechanical engineering."

"Hmmm."

They chatted generally, starting by discussing the modern problem of druggies who ran out of cash to spend on dope and then committed crime to finance their drug habit.

After two beers Mike said, "Come back to my hotel for a couple of drinks and then dinner Eddie. Perhaps I can place you in work."

"Hotel... then you're not from here?"

"No I was here on business. I run a golf cart and course equipment sales and servicing business on the Monterey Peninsula south of here. Do you know the area?"

"Just a bit. Mom and dad and I stayed at Carmel a couple of times when he came home on annual leave. It's a lovely and very interesting area."

Over dinner, Eddie accepted Mike's invitation to travel home with him next day because Mike was pretty sure he could get employment in country club maintenance work if only on a temporary basis.

They arrived at an impressive house and a pretty but overweight short blonde ran out to welcome them and kissed Eddie first.

"So you are the Eddie who saved my husband from a mugging. Eddie called me last night. You are staying with us until Eddie can get you placed in work and you are to call me Julie. I'm so pleased to have you as a house guest."

What a great couple Eddie thought as he unpacked one of his bags.

He was pulling on shorts when a younger woman appeared at the doorway and said, "Knock, knock. Oooh I timed my arrival just a little late. I'm Donna Samuels, the naughty daughter."

"Naughty?" Eddie said, unable to conceal his interest.

She laughed and said it's what he mom called her for spending too much time at work and as a result her husband was divorcing her.

"I'm sorry."

"Don't be," she said lightly. "I make the mistake of choosing a too regimented male. I was born to be free."

Donna was tall and dark and tanned like her father, with short-cropped auburn hair and was broad-shouldered with two prominent chest humps. He guessed her legs, presently encased in wide-bottom pants, might look sensational. She looked about thirty, his age. 

"I'm to try to get you employed at the country club where I work. I've come over for dinner to assess you as we are a harmonious group and I wouldn't wish to make an unwise recommendation. We are in need of a 'Mr Fix-it' to boss our two mechanics."

"One to two is an inefficient ratio."

"We have 78 carts, five major mowers and assorted other mechanical equipment for our two courses and the boss also gets his hands dirty."

"Gee that's fairly big business."

"Well yes Sunshine, that's what country clubs are. Come out to the patio for drinks when you're ready."

Mike held out a bottle of Coors to Eddie as he arrived and the visitor then went under a mild interrogation by the family, Donna asking the sharper questions.

He had the sense not to reveal he became close to being fucked to death, although appreciating the family would have been intensely interested in that, finding it difficult to believe. And then instead of saying he'd married an internationally acclaimed researcher on fertility, he simply said he'd married an older woman who was buried in her research into infertility, that she'd dumped him and they had another eleven months to go before being granted divorced.

Eddie noticed the two women glance at each other.

"Oh how sad," Julie clucked.

"Yeah will I truly believe now she married me to become pregnant and with that achieved she had no further use of me."

The trio gaped at him.

"Donna is also ending her married but there were no children and I suspect he was to blame for that."

"Mom."

Eddie thought volunteering to try to impregnate Donna could sound a little inappropriate. Her mom would yell yes and Donna might split his head open with the Vodka bottle.           After dinner when Donna was leaving she kissed her parents and said to Eddie, "A kiss for you too?"

"Oh yeah," he almost crooned. 

She giggled and kissed him lightly and pulling away dragged a breast over his arm. Eddie felt only the stiffness of the bra but was left wondering had she flirted with him?

As they waved her off in her Volkswagen convertible, Julie said encouragingly, "Donna likes you Eddie" but Mike countered with, "The last thing Donna wants right now is another relationship."
