 Author's note: For those new to this series you may seem confused by the sudden leap into an event. Each story takes off from the previous hour or hours. 

Enjoy another moment with two people given one chance to live their dream.

"You and breakfast," he says with a smile and a lift of his brow. "Come on then." He takes my hand and leads me to the kitchen. "Stay put!"

I sit at the table my knotted towel cinched at my breast. I watch him reaching into cabinets, amazed that he knows exactly where everything is. He's never been here before, never walked the footsteps I have, yet he is familiar with my home as much as I am. I rest my elbow on the table and my chin in my palm while he goes about banging pans, closing cabinets, picking out silverware. I move to rise thinking I could get juice or tea for us, he however has different plans. Suddenly he stops, turns to me and says, "Let's go out."

My eyes widen, I think why? Why leave? If we walk out the door won't the wish stop working? Doubt runs through my mind as I feel a grip over my heart. How can he think that the magic would carry itself to the outside world? He sees the shock on my face and comes over to me. Cupping my chin with his fingers and wiping a tear from my eye he presses his lips against each one. His tongue moves slowly over my closed mouth, my lips tremble as I try to hold back the tears threatening to escape. "Hush sweetheart. It will be all right. I promise." 

Looking into his eyes I see the strength there, he seems to have no doubts so I keep my thoughts to myself. He takes my hand and leads me to my bedroom. I sit on the bed as he walks to the closet. My eyes widen again as I see behind the closet doors are not only my clothes but his. I begin to think maybe time is frozen in this life, maybe we can move about and leave the house to venture into the world beyond my door.

He looks over at me and then back to my closet, his hands move along the hangers and he brings to me a tan suede skirt, black belt and cream colored silk blouse. The blouse has been a favorite of mine for many years, it's low cut v-neck exposes the gentle curve of my breast and the thin straps sometime slip down my shoulders. When that happens it makes me feel sexy, as if someone is being given a special treat when I have to slide my fingers up along my arm to bring the strap back in place. I feel the soft suede skirt between my fingers before walking over to my dresser. I open the top drawer and begin to rifle through it. I hear his growl against my ear as he closes the drawer of panties, stockings and bras. "Your kidding right?" I ask him, both of my brows arching, a blush rising to my face as he smiles and winks at me.

I laugh at his retreating back then I hear myself moan as he drops the towel from his body. I run my tongue across my lips then my teeth as I watch him, naked, pull his shorts and shirt from the closet. I notice he has chosen a pair of black shorts with a button fly and a tan colored button short sleeve shirt. I watch as he opts not to wear any underclothing with his shorts and I feel my face flush even more as I imagine his cock free and moving as he walks.

Sitting on the bed I watch him slide his long firm legs into the shorts then sliding them over his ass. I move to help him finish dressing, my hand takes his cock and I gently place it inside the shorts, feeling it grow from my touch. Sliding down to my knees I draw his cock, not yet completely hard into my mouth, I feel it getting firmer as my tongue slides around it. I slide my mouth on it a few times before drawing it out and sliding it wet into his shorts. My fingers move over each button and close his cock off to me. I press a kiss against the bulge and rise up on my legs to button his shirt.

"Mmmm, nice." he whispers into my hair as my fingers slide each button into position. When his shirt is buttoned I slowly walk around him sliding my hands into his shorts as I tuck in the ends of his shirt. My fingers graze his flesh, rubbing against his hips, back, stomach. I let them linger longer then necessary as I finish tucking his shirt in at the front of his body. I reach deep and slide my fingers over the tip of his cock. He grabs my hand and pulls it from his shorts. I watch with passion filled eyes as he kisses my hand then leads me to the side of the bed, slowly removing my towel exposing my body to his eyes.

My body trembles as he drops to his knees and grabs the skirt from the bed. My knees weaken as he lifts one foot then the next, my hands rest on his shoulder to steady my balance, as he slides the skirt up my body. Looking down I see he has paused halfway, his eyes staring at my pussy. My hips voluntarily thrust forward at the same time his tongue licks at my clit. My fingers dig into his shoulders. His hands drop the skirt and come up to my ass, pulling my pussy against his face. His tongue strokes my clit and whimpers of desire and lust escape my throat. My pussy clenches as my hands move to his hair. I grab his head and push his face deeper into me. My hips pump against his tongue as it slides between my lips. Thrusting against him, I can't seem to get enough of his mouth. His fingers slide into me, showing no mercy in the ravishment of my body. "OH GOD!" I cry out as his tongue and fingers slide into the hot wet hole. "OH GOD!" I scream again with each fuck he gives me, each drive into me harder then the last. 

"Cum for me!" he growls before returning to suck and bite my flesh. I hear myself crying out as I hold his face to my body. I feel my pussy ache and squeeze, hardly breathing I hold on to the feeling of his loving. "OH GOD! DON'T STOP!" I cry out again as he sucks my clit. He is all over me sucking, biting, licking, fucking every centimeter of flesh. I call his name over and over, hearing myself plead for him to make this agonizing torture end. I feel his fingers slide from my slick entrance so he can use one hand to open my swollen lips while he hardens his tongue and drives it deep in to my cunt. He licks one side then the other moving his tongue quickly over my vagina. He drives two fingers in and out of me as his tongue licks firm against my cunt. With his tongue sliding over me he puts a third finger into my moist cavern and screws my pussy deeper. My head falls back and I cry out his name, each drive of his fingers rock me. He scraps the sides of my pussy walls. I can feel his nails sliding the juice down my body, faster he moves his fingers as his tongue slides and flicks my clit.

Seconds before my cum hits his mouth, my body tightens and holds itself taunt. My nails still dig into his skin as my hips continue to thrust against his probing tongue releasing my cum for his pleasure. I can't stand, his hands support my ass then move to my back as I slide down to my knees. I hold his face in my hands and slide my fingers over his lips, touching my own juice. I kiss him gently licking his lips clean before taking his tongue into my mouth. His kiss sears my soul and his fingers run up and down my back. "Thank you" I tell him as he wipes a tear from my face and presses a kiss to my forehead. "Your welcome."

Standing he helps me to rise then bends to lift my legs one by one into the skirt, this time he keeps his eyes locked with mine as he pulls it up to my waist. He slides up the zipper and slips in the button. His fingers gently caress each nipple before reaching for the black belt. He feeds the belt through the loops and lets his hand rub across my ass and my waist before bringing it to slide into the remaining loops. He buckles the belt and returns his hands to my hips.

My eyes close just as his mouth closes over one of my pink nipples, hard from arousal and hungry for his touch. He slides his tongue slowly over the hard bud before sucking it in gently. The other is teased and tugged by his fingers, it too desires his mouth but will have to wait its turn. He slides his tongue over my breast covering the entire surface leaving it aching as he moves over to the other nipple. His teeth nip the center of my breast, the peak proudly juts itself out to meet his bite. My fingers toy in his hair and I moan his name again. Looking down on him I watch his tongue lick over my nipple and around my breast. My stomach growls interrupting the sweet moment of loving, moving my hand under his chin I open my mouth to speak, his own words are out before mine, "I know. I know, Breakfast."

I laugh and slap at his shoulder teasingly as he rises from my breast and holds the shirt above my head. I lift my arms into the blouse and feel it pulled down over my head and over my wet breast. The silk clings to my wet nipples, the texture making them harden further. His eyes are riveted to the two bumps protruding against the cloth, again his mouth sucks each one, enclosing the nipple and the silk, wetting each side. Rolling my eyes at the two wet stains on my blouse and the wicked smirk on his face, I move over to my dresser and pick up my brush. Taking it from me he brushes out the tangles, till my hair only slightly damp, curls along my back. Kissing the back of my head he turns me to face him. "Beautiful," he tells me. We leave the bedroom after slipping our feet into sandals, my polished toes peek out as we move to the front door. I stop, looking back at me he smiles, "Trust me." he says before opening the door to the world outside.

Holding hands I follow him through the door. I close my eyes, hold my breath and wait for me not to feel his hand in mine anymore. I hear my breath whoosh from my lungs as I breath deep the crisp morning air. Opening my eyes I look down, his hand is still in mine. Looking up at him I feel my heart sing, my smile huge as I stand on my tip toes and kiss him. His face is transformed by his own smile and I see his own relief, realizing that deep inside he too was worried. Together we stroll down the sidewalk holding hands, my neighbors and friends greet us as if we had always been together and he isn't a stranger to them. What a wish, I think and once again offer a silent prayer to the heavens for giving us this moment. 

We reach the cafe in under 10 minutes and he finds a nice secluded and quiet corner. I slide into my chair and feel his breath against my neck as he pushes me closer to the table. I smooth my skirt and lay my napkin across my lap. My best friend approaches us asking how we have been and what we would like to drink. My jaw drops quickly but just as fast I recover and order orange juice. I watch as friendly banter passes between my lover and friend and again I am awed at the fact that everyone is a part of our wish. She turns to leave only returning to take our breakfast orders, refill our glasses and deliver our food.

We watch the morning slowly go by and I let my hand rest on his thigh. I feel a spark of adventure start to take shape in my mind. Slowly I sneak my hand to his crotch, to press firmly against it. He groans and moves his hand under the table, he winks at me and slides my hand to his knee. I frown a little and look over at him, his eyes darken and widen as my fingers slowly glide back up to his crotch. I see his jaw clench as my hand pushes harder against his erection. He closes his eyes and again moves my hand away. I glare at him, then smile, this time I slowly run my hand three times down the entire length of his bulge and cup his balls at the end of the final stroke. His eyes close for a moment and both his hands work to free the buttons of his shorts. He opens his eyes and looks into mine daring me to continue.

Quickly I look around and see the morning crowd has almost deserted the cafe, turning back I grin at him. My right eyebrow raises as I let my hand grasp his cock firmly. He moans and moves his hips slightly. My hand slides gently over his cock moving slowly at first. I release it so I can reach in and fondle his balls. Lifting them I cradle and feel the weight of them in my hand. They tighten under my touch, my nails skim over his sensitive flesh as I run them back and forth. He quivers slightly and I place a finger to his lips urging him to remain quiet. I hear my own gasp as he sucks on my finger, quickly I drop my hand from his mouth as if it had been burned. "Continue." I hear him in a whispered demand, veiled with heat and passion. 

My hand slides back up to his hard cock. Gripping it I stroke him with long, firm, slow movements. I watch as the skin of his cock slips and slides as I pump the hardness underneath it, bringing the head to a more red and purple color. I lick my lips as I see the first sign of his desire escape him. He runs his finger over it and brings it to my lips, my eyes widen as I lick it off savoring the taste of him. My pussy throbs inside, causing me to squeeze my legs together. My hand continues to work on his cock, stroking faster. His penis jerks and jumps wanting to find release. He moves his hand to the napkins and covers his cock as I pump his cum from his body, my pussy loses some of its juices as it slides between my thighs. I watch the wet spot on the napkins grow, though I do not orgasm my own body feels a thrill at seeing my lover brought to ecstasy by my touch.

His eyes dart over my left shoulder and I wink at him, slowly I remove my hand and shield his body from my friend. I decline her offer of a refill and accept the check, chuckling to myself that even in a wish nothing is free. I feel a hand pinch my ass and I jump, turning to look into my lovers eyes, I smile at him. I kiss him gently on the lips, my eyes rake over his body and take in his repaired state of dress. He stands, drops an assortment of bills on the table and drags me outside barely giving me time to say goodbye to my friend. He pulls me along the side of the cafe, into a deserted alley. Looking in all directions I take in the freshly swept alleyway and the beautiful flowers along the side walls of the shops that form it. My thoughts are swiftly brought back to my lover, pushing me hard against the brick wall of the cafe. My back scraps against its rough surface, my eyes burn into his soul. He slides his tongue into my ear before he tells me he wants to fuck me, needs to fuck me. I growl back at him that his cock is mine and my pussy his, Biting his neck I suck greedily on his body. He grinds his cock, once again hard and firm against me. My leg wraps around his and I press my body tight against him. "Fuck me," I tell him before I bite his neck again.

He quickly turns me, my hands hold myself against the wall, the silky blouse scratched by the rough brick. "Yes!" I tell him hearing my own hunger trying to get out. I feel his hands moving against my ass as his fingers unbutton his fly. I feel the cool air hit my pussy as he raises my skirt to my hips.

"OH YES!" he growls out to me as he drives his hard dick into my wet cunt. "Like this baby?"

"YES!" I yell to him. I feel his cock pumping into me, fucking me fast, fucking me hard. My pussy clenches tight and I feel his cock pushing in deeper, his fingers dig into my hips. My hands push against the wall as he pulls me back against his cock, his balls slap my ass. He brings one hand to rub my breast, pinching and teasing the nipple. Squeezing and pressing my whole breast, then letting his fingers rub my nipple hard. My own finger slides against my clit rubbing it , stroking it. I feel the tremors raging through my body, needing to run whatever path they want. His cock pounds into me, the walls of my pussy feel his hard shaft slide against them. I shove my ass against him, while my finger slides and flicks my swollen nub, pushing his cock in deeper. He pulls his cock from me leaving just the tip pressed inside, my hands curl into fist and push harder into the brick, scratching my knuckles. My pussy feels so wet and hungry it can not get enough of this man. His cock slides back harder and faster the sounds of our juices slipping together and the smell of our joining causes my cunt to release more hot liquid. My lover continues to move our bodies as one; faster, harder, deeper, touching my womb. Screaming his name, I hear it echo down the alley my head drops back and I feel his teeth upon my skin, biting my shoulder, bruising my flesh.

He continues to fuck me, his hard cock stroking long and deep in my hot slick pussy. Biting my lip I grind my ass into him, with one final thrust I feel my cum flow free as his shoots deep inside me. He bites my neck as his cock continues to pump into me. Climaxing over and over, each of us giving into the urge to call out our lover's name. He slides his tongue along my ear as his thrusting slows until it finally ends. My pussy continues to clench and release feeling his cock slowly begin to ease out of my body. Putting my head against the wall I feel his hands slide over my hips and smooth my skirt down. I turn to face him my skin hot and flushed, my lids heavy on my eyes. I watch his hand slide his wet cock back into his shorts covering it from my prying eyes.

He pulls me to him and kisses me hard, my hands wrapping around his waist. "Forever," he tells me as he slides his tongue along mine. "Forever," I answer back.

My hands slide over his back and down to his ass. "We have hours to go love. What would you like to do?" his eyes search mine as he waits for my answer. We both look down at my silk shirt and notice the frayed material brought on by the rubbing of the brick wall. "Well, it looks like we'll need to do a little shopping," I say with a devilish smile and a wicked sparkle in my eye.

(18 1/2 hours to go)

Missed the first hours of this romantic wish? Enjoy 24 Hours 5:30am-8:30am and 8:30am-9:30am.