 It started early in the morning, but I'd been warned well in advance and come prepared. I had brought the ugliest tie I owned back to Cologne from Chicago just for the occasion. I had worn it to the client that morning, walking the mile and a half from my flat. It was Mardi Gras in Cologne, called Carnival. 

Sylvia and Gloria, the two secretaries assigned to our consulting team, arrived promptly at 8 o'clock (they were always prompt). I had been there since my usual 6:30, having passed the six bakeries and nine porno shops that lined my route through the winding streets of the old city. The girls were in costume. Gloria wore a full skirt and petticoats over a white blouse and vest. Sylvia wore a green dress over bright red tights. She looked like a six-foot tall elf. The dress was very short, which meant that the legs attached to her tall frame went all the way to the floor. Sylvia usually wore very conservative, loose-fitting clothes that didn't reveal much about her body. This was different, and for the first time in the five months we'd been in Germany I could see how voluptuous she was. Her shoulder-length black hair had recently gained henna streaks, imparting a redness that came and went with the light. Her hazel eyes were huge. She wore makeup today, which highlighted her eyes and cheeks, and she wasn't wearing her glasses. She looked unusually pretty. She was 27. I was thirty two.

The girls had taken very good care of us while we worked with the client. Coffee arrived every morning and afternoon in a silver carafe. Cookies often accompanied the afternoon serving. They typed for us, ran errands, and made interview appointments. We were the first American consultants the company had used. We had learned from our client how excited the two young women were to be working with Americans. For our part, we decided to fully play the role of Americans. I brought in a jar of peanut butter one day and made the whole Strategic Planning department taste it on wonderful German brown bread. I had to do it because while they were all very nice men, they were, well, a bit stiff and formal. I brought several bottles of the best California wine I could find for our client for Christmas, which he deeply appreciated. And our team adopted a little cowboy swagger. 

The girls often went out to dinner with the team, and helped with choosing places and translating menus. We learned to prefer the little neighborhood places to the fancier restaurants, even though the expenses would have paid the higher tab. They were cozier, and more forgiving of our high-spirits. We all loved Sylvia, who was a wonder woman at cutting red tape and finding ways to get things done. She was sweet, and nice, too. But I never really thought of her as sexy. That was about to change.

I had just returned from a week at home, where my wife had seen fit to spend every evening out, claiming that her job demanded it. My complaints about wanting to see her during the week I was home were ignored or spurned with claims that I didn't value her career, blah, blah, blah. Truth was, she was making less than her secretary as an assistant to a state government official. I spent a week basically alone, returning to Germany hurt and angry. 

Sylvia came into the conference room where our team worked with a large pair of scissors. The rest of the team had arrived, and we were already busy mapping out the day's work.

"No work today, silly Americans!" said Sylvia with a huge smile. "Today is Carnival, and the whole city will be in the streets. Including us!" she said, looking at me during her last sentence. 

Sylvia walked over to me, bent over, grabbed my tie, and cut it off with the scissors. "A trophy!" she said, holding it up to the group. Gloria clipped Hubert's and Rupert's ties, and Sylvia clipped our boss Dick's, who had flown over just for Carnival. We all had worn old ones, having been warned. 

The girls then decorated us with face paint. I became a pirate under Sylvia's ministrations, she kneeling before me and applying a makeup black eye patch and red scar. Hubert and Rupert became elves, and Dick became, well, I'm not sure what. But he enjoyed having Sylvia color his face.

"Oooh," said the 21-year-old, extremely cute Gloria, "Scary pirate." Bachelors Rupert and Hubert lusted after the delightful-looking but temperamental Gloria. She had a great ass, but also knew it and was resistant to flirting and teasing, becoming angry and petulant.

"Now we will go out for breakfast," said Sylvia, "You need to eat fat."

"Why fat?" asked Hubert.

"Because Hubert, fat absorbs alcohol, and you will not get drunken so fast," replied Sylvia with a giggle. Her English wasn't perfect, but her mistakes were charming.

Out we went for sandwiches. Cheese and sliced salami on wonderful German bread and rolls. The streets were already full of revelers. Beer vendors dispensed cups on the street, and for a while we were the only ones without. But that didn't last. I hadn't had beer at 9 a.m. since college.

The day was spent walking the streets of Cologne, seeing the Mayor's ceremony, seeing and being in the parade. Fat Tuesday in Cologne was like nothing I'd seen in the States except on film from New Orleans. We ate at small bistros. I picked up Gloria and grimaced for the team camera: the pirate kidnaps the young wench. She's smiling and laughing. Boss Dick threw Sylvia over his shoulder, the photograph showing his cheek pressed against her red-tighted leg, skirt barely covering her butt. We had a day of many, many laughs. Sylvia rarely left my side, but I was oblivious to it until we hit the dance club after a light supper. There, she pressed against me in the crowd. I felt her hip against mine. At 6'6", I appreciated her 6' frame. I had had a lot of beer that day, although I didn't feel drunk. I did feel my hand slip around her waist, and rest on the flare of her hip. She snugged in closer. We danced the slow dances, her arms wrapped around my neck, mine around her waist.

At last, the others announced that it was time to call it a night. It was about 10:30, and we had partied for over 13 hours. I stood with Sylvia, my arm around her waist, as they told of their plans.

"I think we'll stay here for a little while longer," I said, not looking at Sylvia. Boss Dick looked at my arm quizzically, and said OK. The others left. It was just Sylvia and me among hundreds of dancing, drunken Germans. 

"Dance with me," she said. We moved out onto the floor. Her arms went around my neck, mine around her waist. We danced slowly to fast music. I saw her looking deep into my eyes. She was beautiful. Many thoughts raced through my mind about fidelity. But I was angry and hurt by my treatment at home, and felt as if my marriage was at a dead end. I thought about our consulting project, where we had been putting in 100-hour weeks because our scope had expanded even more. I was the core of the project. I felt totally overwhelmed by it. In sum, I felt totally beyond hope in all areas of my life. And with that feeling, where all hope felt lost, freedom became another word for nothing left to lose. I leaned towards Sylvia and kissed her. It was what she was waiting for, as her tongue slipped instantly into my mouth. We pressed together and I could feel her large, soft breasts pressing against me. I pulled her even closer.

We spent the next half hour necking on the dance floor, remembering to move with the music, but our attention was fully on tasting each other's lips and tongues.

"Let's leave," she whispered in my ear, caressing it with her tongue while she was there, giving me goose bumps and shivers.

"I know," I said, "Let's go to the submarine races!"

"Submarine races?" she looked at me quizzically, "What are those?"

"I happen to know that they are having submarine races tonight on the Rhine," I said confidently. "We can see them from the team rental car in the parking lot."

"Oh," said Sylvia, not quite sure how to interpret everything I had just said.

We walked the streets arm-in-arm, pausing often for deep kisses, surrounded by late-night partygoers who themselves often stopped for romantic interludes. It was about a mile back to the office. The car was parked in the underground garage. The client's office building sat on the banks of the Rhine.

I opened the passenger door for Sylvia, gentleman that I was, and then got in the driver's side. Immediately she reversed herself, and I found her face-up in my lap, her arms snaking around my neck. We kissed deeply.

"Where are the submarine races?" she asked dreamily.

"Silly girl," I replied sternly. "They're right there in the river. Can't you see them?"

"Silly boy," she replied with equal sternness. "We are in an underground parking lot. We can't even see the river. If I didn't know better, I would think you brought me here to take adwantage of me." Sylvia always switched v's and w's when she pronounced English words.

"Maybe I did," I replied.

"No, Honey," she said, laughing, "You brought me here so I could take adwantage of YOU!" and with that, she kissed me and plunged her tongue into my waiting mouth. "I have been waiting for this all day. It was all planned in adwance. Poor Robin. You never had a chance!"

"Planned in advance?" I asked.

"Yes, Honey," she said, lecturing me for not the last time. "I decided I loved you long ago. Gloria and I planned the whole day. It was now or never. Did you notice how I never left your side? How I'm close to you at all times?"

"Well, no," I said honestly.

"It's true," she replied, "And now I have you." With that, she kissed me again. For my part, I surrendered. 

We kissed long. Then she took my hand and guided it to her breast. I caressed it. It was big and soft, and I could feel her nipple erecting under my touch. Her green elf dress had buttons on the front, which I undid to get my hand onto her bra. I kneaded her soft flesh as she moaned through our kissing. I slipped my hand inside her bra and felt her soft skin, working the strap off her shoulder to give me better access. I hadn't made out in a car since high school. Her breast felt exquisite, though. My cock was rock-hard in my pants. I worked my way into her bra on the other breast. She adjusted her position on my lap to give me better access. We kissed and I caressed and squeezed her beautiful breasts.

My mouth worked down her neck, kissing, sucking, and nibbling on her skin. Her breathing was heavy. I took one breast in my hand, the nipple protruding between my thumb and index finger, and kissed the tip of her nipple. Then I took it in my mouth and sucked it. Her breathing became ragged. She took may hand from her breast and moved it down, bringing it up under her skirt and between her legs. I cupped her pussy and kept kissing her breast. I began to rub her pussy through the tights. Suddenly, she arched her back and cried out, pressing herself against my hand. She lurched and lurched as the orgasm coursed through her. She went limp, and then grabbed my face with both her hands and kissed me ferociously.

"Your turn, Honey," she said, looking into my eyes, but with a little of that ferociousness in her voice. She moved off my lap and turned over. Kneeling on the seat she moved in and kissed me again, while her hand moved down to the bulge in my pants.

"Oh, poor Robin," she said, looking deeply into my eyes as the stroked my cock through my pants. "You must be so uncomfortable!"

Her fingers went to my zipper, and down it came. She reached inside and firmly grasped my cock through my briefs. "Mmm. It feels so big and hard," she breathed in my ear. She tongued my ear and I thought I would cum right then. Shivers and goosebumps. She undid my belt and clasp, and opened my pants to give her better access. Pulling down my briefs with one hand, her other gently took my cock just below the head. Her hand wrapped around it, and I thought I'd gone to heaven. I pulled my pants down to my knees. Sylvia looked at my cock while she softly stroked it.

"Poor Honey," she cooed, "I need to make him feel better." With that, she lifted my cock to a full upright position and sank he mouth all the way down its length. I had never been deep-throated before, and she sank her mouth down until her lips were in my pubic hair. I could feel her tongue along my entire length. It was incredible. She came up and popped off my head. Her tongue came out and she licked the underside of my head, all around the rim, and up and down my shaft. Then she took me and sucked on the head of my dick, twirling her tongue around the hole. Then she stroked with her mouth up and down my shaft. After being hard for so long, I couldn't hold back.

"I'm going to explode!" I cried.

"Yes, please," she said, coming up for air only momentarily. She went back to work, sucking and stroking with her mouth, and now stroking the base and shaft of my cock with her hand. It was way too much, and my cum erupted as I arched off the seat, crushing my legs against the steering wheel. Sylvia took me deep inside her mouth, and I could feel the spasms of my head against her throat as I shot load after load. She just held me deep in her mouth as I finished my orgasm, then slowly slipped her lips up and released me, still holding my shaft with her hand. She looked at me and smiled, her breathing a little ragged. It occurred to me that she couldn't breathe with my cock down her throat.

"That was incredible," I said, pretty well spent.

"I'm glad you liked it," she said, "now you have to taste you." And she kissed me. I could taste a little bitter saltiness, but she had swallowed most of it.

"If the submarine races are over, would you like to go to your flat or to mine?" she asked.

"Mine," I said, "because I know how to get there."

We laughed. I pulled up my pants, but kept them undone. I fumbled for my keys in my pocket, and fired up the BMW. We drove as fast and as safely as I could, given that there was a hand wrapped around my dick and a beautiful brunette head on my shoulder.

At my flat, we opened a bottle of sweet white German wine. It was about 2 am. We didn't care how late it was, or that we had work the following day. Sylvia stripped off her little green dress, bra, and tights. I gave her one of my loose-fitting sleeveless T-shirts to wear with her black panties. Partying still made noise in the streets of Cologne. We opened the window to listen. Sylvia leaned on the windowsill, watched the lights and listened to the sounds. I had a great view of her ass in the black panties. My cock, now recovered, stood up. I dropped my pants, took off my shirt, and moved behind her. Squatting down, I put my thumbs on either side of her panties and pulled them down to the floor. Standing up, before she could make a move I placed my cock at the entry to her vagina. She immediately knew want I wanted.

"You are going to make love to me here at the window?" she asked, a little naughtily.

"Yes," I said, "I want the whole city to see us." With that, I plunged my cock into her moist pussy, and grabbed her hips. She moaned and moved back against me, and we started a rhythmic motion of my thrusts and her counterthrusts. I looked out at the lights of the city. I looked down at my cock moving in and out of her. It felt like heaven. It was heaven. We fucked for the city. We fucked for each other. She reached back and grabbed my hips and moved me at the pace she wanted. I squeezed her hips and went along for the ride. My prior orgasm allowed me to last this time, and we fucked away. Then I felt my next wave starting to bubble up. I withdrew and stood her up, turning her to me.

"Is something wrong?" she asked.

"Lie on the floor," I replied.

"Certainly, sir," she giggled.

She went onto the floor and wrapped her legs around my feet, spreading her knees. I knelt, placed my cock at her entrance, and plunged in. I began thrusting in earnest, the brief respite having taken the edge off my impending orgasm. Up on extended arms, I looked down at her magnificent big breasts as the jiggled with my thrusts. On my knees and arms, she was free to move in response, and she did, fucking me as hard as I was fucking her. The sight of my cock moving in and out of her, glistening with her juices, was incredibly erotic.

"Come for me," I said, "I want to come together the first time."

"Yah, yah," she said, thrusting against me even harder.

"Get ready," I said, "I can feel it coming."

"Yah, yah, here it comes!" she said.

All of a sudden I thought she would buck me off, she arched her back so high. That was enough for me and I plunged deep inside her and delivered a full load into her womb, waking the neighbors with screams and cries. We collapsed, me on top, and I just had to cover her with kisses, ending with my tongue deep in her mouth.

We went up to bed and slept tightly in each other's arms. I woke up at my usual 5 am without an alarm. Sylvia was still asleep. I kissed her gently on the cheek and got up to pee.

"Come back soon," she said sleepily.

By the time I returned she was fully awake, and fully ready. She grabbed me and pulled me on top of her, wrapping those long, luscious legs around my back. My cock came instantly awake and pressed against her opening. She moved down and I went in to the hilt, and away we went.

"Fuck me, fuck me fuck me," Sylvia said in unison with our mutual thrusts. I did as she said. Once again I pressed up to extended arms and watch our fucking. It was incredible. Then I withdrew and brought her to her knees in front of me. She took my cock and guided it to her entrance. Then I took over and rammed it home. Now, we screwed like animals.

"Your butt looks so delicious," I said.

"Do you want to try it?" she said. She was asking me if I wanted to butt-fuck! I considered this, but at the moment, momentum had taken hold and I didn't want to break the rhythm.

"No," I said, "Not right now. I want to make you come on my cock." I resumed thrusting, pulling her back onto my cock and ramming it home. Her breathing became ragged.

"Are you coming?" I said, thrusting even harder.

"Yes! Yes!" she replied. Then she screamed and thrust herself back on my cock. "But wait!" She moved off me. "I be on top of you!" she said. I lay on my back and she swung a leg over, straddling me. I could see her entire, wonderful body. She once again took my cock inside her. Sitting up and bouncing on me, I could grasp her breasts and squeeze her nipples. She arched her back and moaned, and her thrusts became more urgent. I thrust up in return. I was rock hard, but nowhere near cumming. That's a wonderful place to be.

Sylvia lay down on top of me, her breasts pressing into my chest. My cock was deep inside her. I held her cheeks in my hand, and we lay there motionless for a moment. We kissed, she hugging my neck again, me still holding her ass.

Then she did something. To this day I don't know what, but she moved in some way. Just one little move of her hips or something. Just one, and I can't even describe it. But it was enough, and from feeling like an orgasm was hours away, instead I poured more semen into her with a mind-blowing cumshot. I couldn't believe it. We rested there, with her on top.

"I'm falling in love with you," I said truthfully.

"I already fall in love with you," she said smiling, her imperfect English tugging at my heart.

We got up and made coffee and rolls with butter. She wore one of my T-shirts. I wore another one. We finished coffee and she straddled me on a chair. Arms around me, she kissed me deeply. It was all I needed. My cock rose to attention and she felt it.

"My, my, Honey," she said, smiling at me, "Aren't we energetic!"

"It's all your fault," I said simply.

"Well, then, let's go back to bed and do something against it," she replied.
