 Author's note: Huge, huge thanks to oldnakeddad for your time and patience to edit my work. Appreciate it very much! 

To Caroline: Hope our paths may cross again one day. 

*** 

I met Carol a few years ago when I'd signed up for a three month trial fitness package. I had retained twenty-two pounds after the birth of my little Ivan, and my boyfriend had conveniently dumped me. Apparently, the flabby sight of my body had disgusted him. I was desperate to get rid of those unwanted curves in order to try winning my baby's daddy back. 

I'd consulted an old school mate, Steve, whom we all knew as an extreme health enthusiast. He worked at a twenty-four hour gym in our neighbourhood, as a personal trainer. I told him I didn't have the time, I'm embarrassed of my body and I hadn't the slightest idea of how to work on any of the equipment. 

Steve explained his gym had twenty-four hour access, with at least one gym instructor on duty at all times. I could go in as early as three in the morning when there wasn't too much of a crowd. He showed me his schedule, which was mostly a permanent night shift, and assured me I'd get comfortable after a while, knowing there'd be someone familiar on duty whenever I worked out. 

I was introduced to Carol the first night I was there. She was one of the exclusive members of the gym. A frequent gym-goer, and possibly another health enthusiast like my old friend, Steve, she often spent hours at the centre. While showing me around the gym, Steve explained how Carol was very helpful with assisting the other ladies. Like me, there were a lot of out-of-shape, older women who were too shy and embarrassed, to seek assistance from the hot, young, male gym trainers. 

I had instantly liked Carol. She struck me as someone who was warm, friendly and stunning at the same time. She was a tall beauty at six feet with fair skin and beautiful, all natural, dark crimson red hair. Her good looks were in honour of her Irish father and Malaysian-Chinese mum. She was a gorgeous woman. I believed her tits were a pair of modest B-cups but they looked perfect on her chest as she had a toned, muscular, slim body with long legs. 

Fortunately, whenever I was there for my one-hour workout, Carol would be there as well. For the first few sessions, my new-found friend had tagged along and guided me on how to use the simplest equipment, such as the treadmill and stationary bicycle. 

We'd chat, while utilising the same type of machines side by side, much to Steve's annoyance at times. During the weeks thereafter, I slowly opened up to Carol, telling her everything about my life...my ex, my son, my low self-esteem and my introvert behaviour around people. 

One night, slightly before two a.m., I slipped into my gym gear and headed to the fitness centre. There was no one around except Carol, who was at the leg press. 

"Where's Steve?" I questioned while looking around. 

She stopped for a moment before explaining. 

"He had an urgent family matter to attend to earlier, and his colleague won't be around until five a.m." 

I signed in on the logbook, as usual, and locked my personal belongings in the locker room. I then proceeded to my favourite treadmill, the only equipment I could withstand and change speed any time I wanted. The cross training and other weight machines almost murdered me in cold blood. 

Over an hour later, Carol and I were ready to leave. We stepped into the locker room, which also doubled up as shower room. I sat on the long bench and started to remove my wet shoes and socks. 

I'd intended to take a warm shower to get rid of my aching muscles and strong perspiration odour. It was then I'd noticed Carol had cautiously moved towards me, as if she were a predator, and sat next to me with her legs straddling each side of the long bench. I felt she was behaving stranger than usual but I dismissed it away thinking, perhaps, I was too tired and imagining it. I jumped as she gently drew a long line along my thigh with her forefinger and slowly cocked her head to one side. 

"How long has it been since you've had sex?" she asked me. 

Still untying my shoelaces and pulling the Nike off of my foot, I casually answered. 

"The last fuck I've had was when I got knocked up." 

"Hmm, that was a couple of years ago. Don't you get the itch*?" 

I shrugged, "There is a reason why I slug myself at the gym, Carol. And no, it has nothing to do with the men here." 

Truth was, and Carol knew about it - I wanted Prakesh back into my life. Not only was he a charming bad-boy but, as any other Indian guy, he had a long, thick dick that never failed to push me over the edge every time it drilled into my wanting pussy. 

Her face came closer to mine until I could feel her hot breath on my cheek. In a low, flat tone, she dangerously whispered, specifically stressing on each word. 

"Sonj, guys are not the only ones who know how to make you cum." 

Starting from my thigh, her hand reached for my dark, raven hair, affectionately combed it and, instantly, I shivered as I realised Carol definitely had something up her sleeve. I tried to avoid any eye contact with her, despite knowing she was gazing, hard, at me. She proceeded to bend her upper torso closer to me and smelled my neck. 

"Have you ever thought of being with women?" 

I jerked backwards, trying to get away but at the same time trying not to make it too obvious. 

"Carol, I'm sorry but I don't think I'm that type of girl." 

Unfortunately, either she didn't hear me or she was totally ignoring me because, in the next second, her lips caught mine. I was caught off guard with my mouth open in an O-shape, to protest, and my eyes were wide open. My red-headed friend must've misinterpreted my being a willing party, considering she'd had her hand behind my neck. She'd pulled my head towards hers as she devoured my lips, forcing her tongue into my mouth. 

At that moment, I was totally confused. I was in an emotional dilemma...if I were to push her away, I'd hurt her feelings. Since I didn't wish to ruin our friendship, hence therefore, I could go with the flow. However, I'd never kissed a girl before and, honestly; the thought of our wet mouths smacking each other grossed me out! 

Finally, after understanding she was very much into kissing me, with her tongue wrestling with mine, I closed my eyes and tried to pretend she was the masculine species. But since her soft moan was feminine, it didn't help and I winced at every oral fluid exchanged between us. I was hoping the smooching would end as soon as it'd commenced so I could finally take a shower and get going, hoping we'd both forget what had happened that day. Unfortunately, things didn't seem to go my way. 

She broke her kiss from me and released her powerful grip from the back of my neck. I heaved a small sigh of relief and tried to rid her taste from my mouth by wiping my tongue onto my T-shirt. I stopped short and slowly gazed up as a tall, dark shadow had cast upon me. Carol had stood up and positioned herself in front of me. All of a sudden, I felt intimidated by her towering figure as she reminded me of Xena: Warrior Princess. 

Without a word, she stripped, dropping her sports bra onto the floor. As I predicted, her breasts were firm and I could make out greenish, bluish veins running under the pale skin. In the middle of each of her bosoms, the small, pink areolas, with their nipples slightly protruding, came into my view as I swallowed. 

The situation began to get worse when I felt excited as soon as she removed her tight gym pants. My heart started to race as more of her silky long legs were revealed. I gasped when I caught sight of her curved ass as she bent over to pull the pants off of her legs. I squeezed my pelvic muscles without thinking and unintentionally squirmed when I felt thick fluid as it flushed out of my pussy. 

Let me remind you, I'm not a lesbian but, believe me, Carol was HOT! 

She helped me out of my gym wear, both of us were still sweaty from the gym, earlier, and she guided me to lay back on the bench, with my feet on the floor on either side of it. I had no definite idea why I did it, curiosity I suppose, but I relented. How good was Carol's kiss? I was surprised it wasn't as bad as I'd first thought. With the two of us naked, she laid on top of me and we continued with our passionate smooching session, our playful oral muscles sought each other. 

I gave myself to her completely for that kiss. Our eyes were closed but our hands were alive. Carol had her forearm above my head, supporting her weight, as she leaned over me and her other hand began to caress one of my 42E knockers. I placed my hands on her back, as support, to keep myself from falling off of the bench. 

A short while later, we heard sounds coming from the gym; it was the instructor who was covering Steve's shift. Nelson had arrived earlier than expected. He must've seen our names signed in, but not signed out, and was checking to see if we were still inside the premises. He called out from outside of the locker-shower room. 

"Carol? Sonja? Are you in there?" 

"Yes, we're in here!" 

"OK," he said and left us alone. 

I think that's when Carol had her impulse idea. 

"Sonj, let's hit the shower. Come on, we'll take the last cubicle." 

She pushed herself up and gently pulled my wrist as she helped me up. 

"Wait, what?" 

I must've sounded very confused, similar to a groggy-headed, drunk teenager on her prom night. Anybody would have if they'd had a passionate, breath-taking kiss with someone from the same gender for the very first time. 

"We'll take a shower together. It'll be safer, in case anyone should walk in on us, compared to getting caught while we're on the bench," she suggested. 

For some reason, I agreed but with a slight reluctance. However, I desired to find out what she could do to me. After all, she was a woman. There was no way she could give me the same pleasure as Prakesh or any of my old boyfriends...right? So there we were, both of us under one shower head. Carol had adjusted the water to warm and left it running. The cubicle wasn't very large so we made do with the room we had. She pinned me against the cubicle's side wall, both of her hands were on me almost instantly, smoothly moving over my shoulders and down over my breasts. 

"You know,Sonj, I can make you cum by playing with your nipples," Carol whispered into my ear. 

She didn't wait for me to say go ahead or stop. She positioned both of my nipples between her thumbs and fingers and started to continuously twist them. Her skilled fingers started to gently tweak and were rough at the same time. Her actions caused an escalating, warm sensation in my pussy. I practically felt both warm inside, thanks to Carol, and outside, thanks to the steam from the shower. My breathing was getting heavier and I was trying to feed my non-functioning brain as much oxygen as possible before it became too deprived. 

I became light headed, I couldn't think and I couldn't talk. All I could do was close my eyes and absorb the continuous tides of pleasure she created in my body. I didn't want her to stop. She took her time to ensure all of her long digits were massaging the two fleshy globes on my chest. I was completely at Carol's mercy. I could've never imagined my body would betray me at the hands of another woman. 

Afterwards, I couldn't remember the full details but we ended up on the cubicle floor. I was on my back and she'd spread and bent my legs at the knees so the soles of my feet were on the floor. She comfortably rested between my thighs as our pelvises rubbed each other and her upper torso bore down on me. She gave me a quick kiss on the lips before, once again, switching her focus to my honey globes. 

"Mm, Sonj! Did you know you have suckable tits?" 

Immediately, her mouth latched onto one of my large, brown areolas and her free hand squeezed the other. She'd switch from sucking to twisting one tit and vice versa. She drove me crazy. I recalled making all sorts of incoherent pleasure noises without holding back. How could I stay quiet? Every time Carol's mouth was on my breast, she'd suck it hard and then get the nipple between her teeth and flick her tongue in and out to tease the sensitive nerves. If that wasn't enough, she'd purposely let me see what her tongue did to my tits. 

She gave long licks on my breast and then, purposely, circled the tip of her tongue around each of my nipples. She gave me a look of confidence and determination to make me reach orgasm. I craved for more. Carol seemed to know what I actually yearned for and what I'd been deprived of. My previous boyfriends were never as attentive, as she was, to make sure I'd received enough satisfaction before they did. Awhile later, Carol paused and shifted her hair to one side, revealing her graceful neck. I noticed her eyes were half closed. 

"Sonj?" 

"Hmmm?" 

"I need you to nibble my neck and make a bite mark on my tit," she whispered between breaths. 

She pointed to the required spot below her ear and my lips obediently abided her request. She gave a steamy groan and started to point her finger to another spot further down. I started to kiss a trail, where she wanted, all of the way down to her right breast. 

"Here, bite here, Baby!" 

I felt excited as my teeth gently pinched some of her skin between them. I was presented with a low, satisfying moan from deep within her chest. Then her legs slightly separated and one of her hands slid underneath and between her legs, I assumed she was rubbing her bald pussy. Her hips started to grind in a humping motion and she gave a soft sigh. When I thought she'd had enough, I pulled myself back to look at the masterpiece I'd made. Actually, I loved the way the redness swelled up on her pale skin when I gave the hickey a small rub. 

"My turn!" she gasped, and lowered herself back onto my chest. 

"No, Carol! Wait! Hold on!" I protested, weakly trying to push her off. 

My pussy was begging for any form of relief but a tiny part of my brain was still pleading to object. I mean, come on - we share the same reproductive organs! Regretfully, my body was listening to Carol, rather than my head. I became vulnerable and Carol was in control. 

She ravished my breasts. She pushed them together and sank her teeth into the tender spot above the sensitive nipple one of my fleshy boobs. She started to get rough as her fingernails left scratch marks on my chest. Next to my nipple, her pearly whites had left two rows of bite marks deep enough to create pain but not deep enough to break the skin. It appeared she wanted me to learn I could experience both pain and pleasure at the same time. 

Her left hand massaged my right breast and pulled at the hardened nipple. I gave a pathetic cry, felt her body and tried to grab her tits. I couldn't reach them so I had to settle for her shoulders, raking and stroking her skin. My desperate attempt to minimise any groans most likely encouraged her to proceed further. For some reason, she understood what ministrations turned me on. 

Her mouth left my left breast for a while before she switched attention to the other breast. I felt her warm mouth on my sensitive nipple, her tongue snaking out to tease it and suck in the flesh as much as much as possible. That triggered an electrifying vibe to flow directly to my clit. The small bud, rich in nerves, immediately triggered signals to every part of my overheated body...my vagina was in need of release and Carol knew it. 

Carol slyly moved her hands, downward, to my slick pussy, pressed her thumb against my engorged clit and slid two fingers in and out of me. While doing so, her thumb circled firmly around my sensitive clit, setting my body to desperate mode. My hips jerked upwards and I tried to close my legs as my fingers clamped on her shoulders. 

Despite her frame being smaller than mine, she was stronger. Her lower torso and her fingers, mated with my mound, made it impossible for me to close my legs. I couldn't help but smell my musky, feminine scent and I definitely heard the distinctively wet, squelching sound of fingers rubbing and fingering my wet, slick folds. I was already shivering and restless and my mind drifted. Unconsciously, I started to move my hips, mindlessly humping her hand and my face was flushed. I heard her chuckle. 

"Fuck, I love the way you look, now." 

I was tethered on the edge of passion when she suddenly stopped. Damn! 

"Sonj, have you ever done a sixty-nine before?" 

"No, I haven't," I answered, fuming through clenched teeth, my clitoris still pounding like crazy. 

"Do you know what it is?" 

"Of course I do. I'm not..." 

"Okay, no time to talk. Just do it!" 

We switched positions and both lay on our sides, opposite each other. Her palms were on my plump, tan ass cheeks, she moved her face nearer my pussy and I did likewise. She hungrily sucked my clit, making me tremble until I had to hold onto the cubicle door. It was so good! She actually put my clit between her lips and sucked it in, hard. With her experienced tongue working vigorously on my sensitive bud, only seconds passed before my climax began to build up intensely. 

Not wanting to be a lazy partner, my tongue dug into her pussy. Hers was a strange, strong scent but still similar to mine. I licked inside her pussy until the walls were nice and wet then I used my finger and to start rubbing her insides. I heard her moan as her hips and thighs gyrated a little. Both of us began to aggressively lick each other's clits. Our oral organs furiously swirled around the hardness, over and over again. Our mouths continuously did dozens of different things, without thinking, as we tried to ascend each other to a massive orgasm. 

Carol pushed up a notch and inserted her whole tongue deep into my love canal. Her rough tongue rolled around and explored my inner walls, making me clench my tummy muscles as I tried to restrain myself from cumming. Not defeated, her tongue dug deeper and she sucked my fluids as they oozed from my inner walls. She also pressed my, already too sensitive, clitoris between her thumb and forefinger, hard, at the same time. 

Then it happened. My whole body exploded into small quivers and shakes as it tried to process the millions of fireworks rippling through my nervous system. I was trembling with pleasure as my pussy milked Carol's tongue. I felt the warm sensation dribbling onto her face as I tried to stall my orgasm. I couldn't remember if I'd made any sounds but I did recall my eyes had suddenly seen white light for a few seconds. When my vision eventually focused on her juicy ass, my mind started to restore to its normal state but I knew my friend's needs were not met. 

My fingers started to drill Carol's pussy more profusely. Her legs started to squirm and every tendon of her strong limbs tightened. I tried to do, to her, what she'd done to my clit, pressing and rolling her precious clit as fast as I could. It rolled only a few times before she finally stopped holding back. I heard her breathe a frantic Ahhh as her fingernails dug into my thighs which, later, I found out were abrasion marks. 

The next second, her legs stiffened and I was caught by surprise when transparent fluid squirted onto my face. I'd never seen another woman squirt before. Both of us were breathing heavily as Carol repositioned herself to face me, side by side, on the wet floor. I looked at her as she lovingly stroked my cheek, with the back of her hand, like a lover. 

"Oh my fucking gawd!" I muttered before we both exploded into giggles. 

I was unable to soak in the realization another woman had made me feel so damn satisfied. My clit hadn't yet recovered and was still tingling with a pins and needles sensation, a reminder of what Carol had done to me only moments ago. She was the first to get up and helped me to my feet. 
