 After leaving college, friendships tend to become more sporadic, with the occasional meeting if those involved can be bothered to pick up the phone and arrange something. It was such an action that led to an encounter with Carol, a strawberry blonde girl with 36DD breasts, and at the time in her mid-20s. Although we had known each other for a long time and shared some intimate conversations, nothing physical had ever happened between us, which led to a certain curiosity about what it would be like if it did. 

That afternoon, we sat talking in her front room, drinking tea. Idly, I contemplated her body; her huge tits were centre of attention, of course, but as she shifted in her seat I enjoyed glimpses of her thighs, having already lusted after her legs. As time passed, my arousal became greater, before it dawned on me that it had been a week since I last masturbated. I knew that after such a period of time, the build-up in my cock would not disappear so easily. 

“Would you like another cup?” I heard Carol ask. An idea struck me. 

“Yes please, that’d be great,” I replied. As hoped, she got up to walk through to the kitchen. 

“All right to use your bathroom?” I called, knowing that once free from her line of vision I could avoid the embarrassment of being caught with a prize-winning hard-on and make my escape to the loo. 

“Yeah, it’s upstairs, you remember?” she called back. 

I made my exit and once in the bathroom, I realised the door had no lock. This gave me a little thrill for some reason but I soon became engrossed in my immediate concern, namely my enflamed member. I undid my trousers and let them fall, revealing my aching shaft. Gripping it, I began to pound it, feeling the firmness and knowing that a week’s worth of spunk would be shot out soon. My mind began to concentrate on Carol, her breasts, what her nipples would be like, how they would feel in my mouth, how she’d react to the touch of my tongue on them. Then I moved down to her legs, those full curves, her knees, the hint of thigh that would become so much more as she let her skirt slide up. By now, my cock was reaching the point of no-return and I was pumping it faster and faster. 

It was then that I heard a noise in the corridor outside. I dismissed it, knowing that the stairs in the house creaked so much that I’d have heard Carol had she come up. I continued to pull myself off. Then the door opened. 

“What the hell are you doing?” 

I turned, still with my cock in my hand, to see the figure of Carol’s mother standing in the doorway. I was lost for words. We stood there looking at one another for what seemed to be an eternity. She was an attractive woman in her mid 40s, with longish curly brown hair and typically Irish complexion. Although still hard, my imminent orgasm seemed to have been given a reprieve. 

Regaining some sort of awareness, I realised that Carol’s mother must have been working the nightshift, as she was wearing a robe. I quickly took in that she was not wearing much underneath either and as she moved slightly her legs were exposed. A fair amount of cleavage was also on display. She spoke again. 

“Why are you doing that in my bathroom?” 

I mumbled something and then decided to be honest. 

“I was downstairs and for whatever reason, I started to get excited. It’s been a week since I last…did anything…. I knew that it wouldn’t just subside, so I thought I’d better do something about it.” 

“I see.” 

She looked as though she was about to leave the room when she glanced down at my cock. As she did this, I found myself looking at her cleavage and then her now more exposed legs. I realised that my dick was beginning to pulsate in appreciation of her show. 

“What made you become excited downstairs? You didn’t say.” 

I didn’t know how to answer and before I could try and articulate some response, she was speaking again. 

“I bet it was Carol. She’s probably wearing her short skirt and one of those tops of hers that leaves little to the imagination. You were sitting there wondering what it would have been like if you’d been with her. Weren’t you?” 

“Yes,” I mumbled. 

“You were looking at her…breasts? Maybe…but I think what finally made you hard would have been her legs. You strike me that way…” 

I nodded, she was right. 

She looked me in the eye. “You know, all the while children are living under their parents’ roofs, I think parents carry some responsibility for their actions.” 

As she said that, Carol’s mother walked further into the bathroom. She loosened the belt of her robe so that it resembled a low cut dress with a split all the way up the front. She placed her foot on the edge of the bath. 

“I shaved my legs earlier. Aren’t they smooth?” 

She grabbed my hand and directed it to her shin. As I made contact with her skin, I felt my cock twitch. I began to caress her leg. Its toned shape felt wonderful as I squeezed it, the calves filling my hands. 

“Do you think Carol inherited her good legs from me?” 

I groaned my agreement and reached for my cock with my other hand. I knew that soon my balls would empty themselves and I needed the release. Carol’s mother took my hand off my cock. 

“Parental responsibility, remember?” 

Before I knew what was happening, she dipped her head down and began to lick the pre-cum off my tip. I looked down her robe, which had now parted so much at the top that I could see her rock-hard nipples and fully exposed breasts. As she engulfed my whole length with her mouth, I reached down and caressed her tits. She began to moan while my cock slipped in and out her. She coated it with saliva, greedily slurping. She backed off for a moment and looked up at me. 

“Fill my mouth,” she ordered whilst stroking my shaft, before taking me back in between her lips and sucking furiously. 

I felt the familiar tingle and began to twitch. Carol’s mother sped up and her head moved in what seemed like a blur. Finally, seven days of cum shot out of my cock and down her throat. My cock kept pumping it out and although she kept her mouth there, a lot began to spill out, running down her chin and onto her tits. With one hand, she began to smear it in. 

Eventually, I finished and she let my still slightly hard cock out of her mouth. She looked up at me with a mixture of pride and “told you so” expression. 

“Thank you…” was all I could groan. 

She scooped some of my stray jism from her tits and put it on her legs. 

“I didn’t fully moisturise earlier. Finish the job,” she ordered.  

I smoothed the cum into her shiny, shapely legs, and up her inner thighs. Before she could object, I kissed her deeply on the lips.  

“I may need some more moisturising some time,” she winked at me. 

She left the bathroom as I began to wonder how I’d explain my lengthy absence to Carol. It suddenly seemed that my occasional reunions with her would become more frequent than they had been.