 I had first met Carol seven years before, whilst teaching her daughter, Samantha, who was then eleven. The first time I saw her at a parents evening, I was attracted by her extremely slim figure and her exceptional ass. She was, at the time, happily married and, being ten years older than me, I assumed that she would always remain just an object of my fantasy.

Seven years later, however, both of us having moved on, we met by chance and she told me that she had split with her husband and now lived alone with Samantha, who had just left school at eighteen. I immediately thought what a dickhead her ex-husband must be, to leave someone as gorgeous as Carol. She may have been nearly forty, but she had kept her beautifully lithe body.

I didn't hesitate to invite her out for dinner, an invitation that she accepted. We had two splendid nights out and then, on the third, she invited me back to her place. She had already told Samantha about her 'new man' and, apparently, she wasn't very happy about it. Carol had told me not to worry, as it wasn't anything personal, she just missed her dad terribly.

* * * * *

Carol and I sat curled up together on the sofa, she was wearing a tight multi-coloured top, which clung to her small tits and a pair of faded jeans. My hands were spending most of the time running through her soft, blond curls or caressing her thighs.

Samantha sat on the chair opposite. When I had seen her, I was amazed how much she had grown up – but then I suppose they do between the ages of eleven of eighteen. She was wearing a loose-fitting beige skirt and a blue top which, whilst not tight, showed that she had grown a magnificent pair of breasts. She had been an early developer; it always used to make me smile to think that she had bigger tits than her mum by the age of eleven.

Since I had arrived, she had hardly said a word and spent most of the time scowling at me. I sat and thought about the sweet girl that I had known seven years ago, with the cheeky smile and the infectious laugh. I remembered the way that she would always sit adjusting the ribbon in her hair and often, unwittingly flashing the white cotton of her panties. There was none of that now as she sat and stared, her eyes boring into me.

* * * * *

Samantha went to bed just before midnight, and it wasn't long before Carol and I followed her up the stairs. Once in the bedroom, she wasted no time in removing her top, revealing her beautiful tiny breasts. I couldn't believe that a seven-year fantasy was about to come true, Carol was removing her jeans and, as I watched, I knew that I was going to fuck her!

I'm normally one to take things slowly, but couldn't help myself this night. I ripped off all my clothes in a matter of seconds and stood there, my nine inches sticking out in front of me like a policeman's truncheon. Carol was down to her white, lacy panties by now, and as I approached her for a kiss, she reached out and curled her fingers around my shaft. I was in heaven. Her fingers began to slowly slide up and down my dick as we kissed, our tongues exploring each other's mouths.

My hands reached for her breasts and I tweaked her nipples, causing her to break the kiss and give a gasp. Her hand moved away from my throbbing member as I moved behind her, cupping each tiny tittie in my hands, rubbing my palms in small circles over her ever-hardening nipples. I began to run my dick up and down the lower part of Carol's spine, which really seemed to have the desired effect as she started moaning loudly and threw her head back against my chest.

I kissed her shoulders lightly, before running my tongue lower and lower down her back, my hot rod now brushing her lower thighs. Her panties were, by now, sopping wet with her juices and I slid them down her legs, revealing her beautiful ass. She turned around, her fanny level with my face. I was surprised that Carol wasn't a natural blond, her dark pubes were neatly trimmed, but all I could look at were her glistening, slightly puffy fanny lips.

Instinctively, my hand came up and began to stroke her gash. I inserted one finger slightly inside her fanny and it didn't take me long to locate her clit, which seemed to be searching for my finger. I wasn't content with this, though; I needed to taste her sweet juices. So, leaning forward, I ran my finger up and down her fanny, flicking it over her clit each time.

Carol's moans were getting louder and louder as she pushed her increasingly wet fanny into my face. My tongue was working furiously by now, my hands tightly gripping her glorious buttocks. Gradually, her moans turned to screams and her legs began to tremble as she shot an unbelievably wet orgasm over my face. She collapsed onto the bed, I lay on top of her, kissing her deeply, ensuring that she knew just how good she tasted.

There was one thing I needed now more than anything, I needed to get my cock into her hot pussy. She seemed to be able to read my mind, as her knees bent upwards and her legs parted. She looked so small and fragile lying there on the bed, her face flushed and her eyes glazed. I couldn't resist it! I carefully positioned the head of my raging dick at the entrance to her fanny, and, in one vicious thrust, shoved all nine inches deep inside her.

I couldn't believe the response, just that was enough to bring her to climax again. Her gasps must have been heard streets away, let alone by her daughter in the next room. Slowly, I began to slide in and out of her beautifully tight hole, my tongue again paying close attention to Carol's bright red nipples. It wasn't long before I felt the familiar tingling in my balls and, as I felt the walls of her vagina tighten as she was rocked by a third stomach churning orgasm, I unloaded into her.

I pulled out as I felt my dick begin to soften, and we kissed again. Soon, my rod was awake again and ready for more action. Carol was, however, completely spent. As we lay together, she soon fell asleep, exhausted, but blissfully happy.

* * * * *

I got up to go to the toilet; Carol was still sleeping soundly beside me. As I passed Samantha's bedroom door, I noticed that it was slightly ajar. Hearing the deep, regular breathing that obviously suggested she was asleep, I couldn't resist a peek. Pushing her door open a little wider, I peered in. It was a warm night, and Samantha was sleeping without any covers; she was lying on her stomach and I was delighted to see that her long T-shirt that she wore to bed had ridden up over her beautiful young ass. From the hallway light, I could just about make out a shadow of dark hair between her legs.

I wasn't surprised to find that my dick was becoming hard again, I just couldn't get the vision of the sweet, innocent schoolgirl out of my mind. As I watched her sleeping, my hand automatically moved to start stroking my dick, soon bringing it to its full nine inches. Suddenly, she moved, I panicked, thinking that she was waking up and I started for the door. It was clear though that she was just moving in her sleep. I was delighted to find that she had rolled onto her back, her legs spread-eagled.

My eyes immediately moved to the glorious eighteen-year-old cunt looking up at me. Two beautiful lips, slightly open, covered by a mass of dark brown hair. Samantha was still asleep, gloriously unaware that her one-time teacher was standing there staring at her pussy. I began to stroke my shaft furiously, imagining what it would be like to thrust it into that wonderful hole. The fantastic thought of taking the mother and daughter within the space of an hour was bringing me to new heights. But, of course, I knew it couldn't happen.

It wasn't long before I felt that familiar feeling in my dick, I had to be careful, I didn't want to wake her with my moans, but I couldn't tear myself away from the beautiful sight before me. Suddenly, I realised that I had reached the point of no return and my second load of the night sprayed out all over the sleeping Samantha. I looked on in horror as some of it shot onto her face. She began to stir and I noticed her tongue instinctively lick the corner of her mouth, where some of my come had landed.


There was nothing I could do now, and I quickly headed for the door again. Too late, Samantha was awake.

"What are you doing in here?" She spat at me.

"Sorry, I just came in the wrong room by mistake." I couldn't help smiling to myself at the unintended pun.

"Yeah right!" Samantha had just wiped her hand over her face and, realising what the warm, sticky stuff was, she looked at me with pure hatred.

"Err, Sorry." I mumbled, completely inadequately. I started to move towards the door again, but Samantha leapt up and pushed it shut.

"Oh, no. You've had your fun, now I'm going to have mine." She had a wicked smile on her face and I wondered what she had in mind. I knew what I hoped she was thinking, but surely not.

Samantha stood up and, in one fluid movement, pulled her T-shirt over her head. She now stood there in front of me, completely naked. I couldn't take my eyes off of her enormous tits; the comparisons to her mother's made them seem even bigger. Her nipples were getting hard, and I couldn't stop myself reaching out for them, but Samantha pushed my hands away before I touched them.

I realised that she was staring at my still hard dick.

"You are a big boy, aren't you?" She said with a grin.

To my amazement, but sheer delight, she dropped to her knees and took the end of my dick into her mouth. That was it, I almost passed out there and then as I felt her tongue flick over the end of my throbbing member. She reached round and clamped her hands onto my buttocks, her nails digging into my flesh. She began to slide her mouth further and further down my shaft, I was amazed at how much she was able to take, I couldn't believe that I was being deep-throated by an ex-pupil; and she had obviously done it before.

Samantha began so slide her lips up and down the length of my hot rod, sucking furiously, she might have been angry at me watching her sleep and wanking over her, but she was clearly enjoying giving me some of the best head I'd ever had. The way that she was still gripping my buttocks suggested that she didn't want me to withdraw before I came, that suited me fine. My balls must have wondered what was happening, as it was only a short time until another wad of my creamy spunk was shooting down Samantha's throat, and she was gobbling it up like a pro.

She pulled her face away from my dick, stood up and kissed me. It was my turn to taste my own juices and, I have to say, I enjoyed it. Finally, I managed to get my hands on Samantha's fantastic tits. It took both hands to hold one of them properly and I used both thumbs to squeeze and stroke one of her beautiful nipples. This, combined with the feeling of her surprisingly tiny tongue exploring my mouth, was enough to keep me hard.

Suddenly, I could take it no more. I broke the kiss and pushed Samantha down onto the bed and laid myself on top of her.

"What are you doing?" She gasped.

"I think that's obvious isn't it?" I said with a smile.

"No," she said, "I've never been fucked before…and I won't get all that inside me."

"Oh yes you will," I growled, as I began to rub the end of my dick along the length of Samantha's slit. "And don't give me that virgin shit, you seem to know exactly what you're doing."

"No," she said again, "I've sucked plenty of dicks, but I've never been screwed."

"Well then, it's about time you were isn't it?"

Samantha smiled and kissed me as a sign of consent.

"I heard you fucking mum earlier," she told me, "and she seemed to enjoy it."

I moved my hand to her sopping wet fanny and began to search for her clit. It didn't take much to find it, and I began to caress it between my thumb and forefinger, making her squirm. I realised that she was already close to orgasm, I grinned inwardly as I realised that, like her mother, it wasn't going to take much.

Samantha's moans grew longer and louder and her juices were flowing down my hand. I knew that she was ready. Re-positioning my dick, I pushed in the first couple of inches, making Samantha squeal. I leant down to kiss her again, aware that I didn't want to wake Carol in the next room. As my hands fondled her breasts, our tongues entwined and my dick was sliding relentlessly into her fanny.

I soon discovered that Samantha hadn't been lying when she had said that she was a virgin. As the end of my knob touched her hymen, I broke our kiss and placed my hand over her mouth to muffle the scream that I knew was about to come. With an extra hard push, I ripped her hymen and slid the rest of my beast into her. In the quietness of the house, her scream seemed deafening, despite the hand over her mouth. I was still afraid that we would wake Carol, but I had too many other things on my mind at that moment.

Samantha's pain soon turned to pleasure as I began my long deep slides in and out of her amazingly tight pussy. Each time I slid almost completely out, before slowly slipping right back in to the hilt. Samantha was groaning, I was sure that she was trying to say something, but she was in no fit state to talk.

Her arms were wrapped around me, and her nails were digging into my back, ripping it to shreds. Her breathing suddenly started to become faster and shallower and her moans turned to squeals, I knew that she was close to coming. I picked up a bit more speed and I felt Samantha's whole body tense, her fanny gripping my dick even tighter as she came. Almost at the same time, I shot yet another load deep inside her.

We collapsed in a heap on the bed.

"I'd better go, " I told her, "your mum will be wondering where I've got to."

Samantha looked up at me, her pupils dilated, her face flushed. "I've wanted you to do that for the last seven years," she told me, "thankyou."

"Don't thank me," I smiled, "You were fucking superb, or should that be superb fucking."

Samantha gave a sigh as her eyes closed and she fell asleep.

* * * * *

Exhausted, I crept back to Carol's room and was relieved to hear her steady breathing. I climbed carefully back into bed and snuggled up to her. Suddenly she pulled away and sat up.

"You've just fucked Samantha haven't you?" She asked calmly.

I didn't answer.

"Well, was she any good?"

I was a little taken aback; Carol's tone of voice didn't seem to show any annoyance. Perhaps she didn't mind.

"Oh, yes," I eventually answered, "you were good, but she was fucking amazing! Unbelievable."

* * * * *

Ten minutes later, I was in my car, driving home. The side of my face still stung from the force of Carol's ferocious slap. She didn't seem to mind the fact that I'd popped her daughter's cherry, but she wasn't happy that I'd thought Samantha better than her. The truth hurts at times, I suppose.

I never saw either of them again, but the memory of that night is as fresh as day it happened.

(This is based upon a true story, I hope you enjoyed it. If you did, send me some feedback, I'll guarantee a reply if you want one and leave your email. If you did enjoy this story, make sure you check out my previous submission, 'Michaela's Lesson'.)