 "Gloria, can you come in for a minute?" the boss called from his office door.

What now? thought Gloria, as she sorted out some paperwork.

It was Thursday evening and, as a marketing manager in the agency, Gloria had been very busy in the past few weeks with some projects, so another job was the last thing she needed.

She stretched her full 5'9" figure and walked to his office. She was aware that Rick, the marketing director, would always position himself to view her coming toward him, but she was at ease with that. She knew she was good looking and attracted most gazes when she walked with her long stride, so what the hell?

"We have a little problem," he said when she came in. "Denzil has been taken ill and can't make the presentation in New Orleans. We need someone to take his place. You had some dealings with the project and I need you to cover."

"Wow," said Gloria. "There's a fair amount of paperwork in that."

"I know," said Rick, "you can take young Carol with you to help out. She's keen and wants to progress. Make a weekend of it."

Gloria's mind raced. The job wasn't a problem, she knew with help she could bring the strands together. It just so happened that Babs, her long term friend from college, had contacted her ten days ago about visiting her in New Orleans so here was a golden opportunity.

"Okay," said Gloria.

"Fine, get the travel department to fix the pair of you up and get there at least by tomorrow."

For some minutes, back at her desk, Gloria thought of the possibilities of seeing Babs. They had been at school and then to college together and were really bosom pals. She thought of the things they had got up to during those years. They had been so close until Babs got a good job down south five years ago. They had only seen each other once, at a class reunion, since then. Each making promises, but unable to keep them because of their respective careers. Now here was a gift of an opportunity.

She immediately searched for Babs's number.

After an interminable wait the phone clicked. "Hi," Babs answered in a slight southern drawl which she had acquired .

"Wheeeee, I'm coming to see you this weekend," Gloria yelled into the phone.

There followed a series of whoops and hollers form both ends. Then they settled down and arranged that after the convention Gloria would come to the house and they would take it from there.

"Oh, I forgot. I will a have one of the girls from here with me at the convention."

"No problem," said Babs, "bring her with you, particularly if she's good looking. Mal likes being surrounded by nice women."

"This hunk seems to be keeping you happy," said Gloria.

"Wait till you see him!" cooed Babs

After some more banter, they rang off.

Gloria didn't know Carol very well, just that she was competent; they didn't mix in the same circles.

She went down the corridor to Carol's department and went into her office. Carol was standing at the window and turned as Gloria came in.

Gloria then realised how striking Carol was. Petite with very pale skin, and long black hair, her features were perfect contrasts. She had a very good figure outlined by a silk blouse and long skirt.

"Hi," said Carol. "Rick has just been on and told me. Nice to really meet you, it will be nice to work along with the most beautiful woman in the office."

Gloria blushed under her black skin. "Well thanks for the compliment. We will make a good contrast as you are as white as I am black. We'll stun them better than Denzil could hope."

They made the necessary list of requirements, organised their travel and arranged to meet at the airport the next morning. A lot of study was required in the meantime.

PREPARATION

Gloria was so excited on the way to the airport, more of the fact of catching up with Babs than with the convention.

She thought of some of their escapades, like who could lose their virginty first, when they were sixteen. Babs won by half an hour in a back shed, at least Gloria was in a bed. Babs had had some steady relationships whereas Gloria never seemed to settle. Her affairs never lasted more than a month. I wonder why, she thought.

Sex was never a problem, she knew there were many willing when she needed it, but she had not yet felt like committing. Babs on the other hand seemed to settle down after college and had only two relationships and it appeared that, with Mal, she was so happy.

She got out of the cab and immediately every head turned as she knew she looked good. Her black trouser suit, cut tight, made her legs look as if they went on forever and the white shirt stood out against her dark skin. Her waist-length hair swept back from her face by a clasp accentuated her height.

Carol was waiting for her and looked almost plain in contrast. When she saw Gloria, her heart jumped, making her feel uncertain. She had always admired Gloria for the time they had been in the office, but she suddenly felt in awe of her. Then she was really confused as Gloria came over and gave her firm kiss on the lips. Carol's legs wobbled as she felt a rush of heat run up her body. 

"Come on then and get the show on the road," smiled Gloria, as they went to check in.

The flight was uneventful and, after preliminary chitchat, they got down to preparing their brief. Carol was impressed by the speed at which Gloria got all the facts together, but also felt an unusual warmth in her body sitting so close to her. She dismissed the thought as she too got involved in their work.

That evening and most of the following day was hectic making presentations and discussing various problems with potential customers. 

RELAXATION

Late Saturday afternoon, the briefing finally ended and, as Gloria packed up the last papers, her mind focussed on meeting Babs. She sank into the soft settee in the foyer and ordered a long iced drink from a passing waiter. Carol appeared from one of the rooms and Gloria called her over. 

"The party's over so now let's party," she said.

Carol slumped down on an adjoining seat. "I certainly feel like doing that," she said.

Gloria called the waiter to make the same drink for Carol. She looked intently at Carol. "You did very well, you'll go places."

"Thanks," said Carol, suddenly getting that warm feeling again from Gloria's intent gaze.

"I am going to a friend's house tonight and you are welcome to come," said Gloria.

"I wouldn't want to be in the way," said Carol, as she realised that she hadn't really thought about her plans for the evening other than maybe some sightseeing.

"Tell me about yourself."

Carol haltingly told her of her family and background till the time she had come to New York five months ago.

"What do you like doing, have you a partner?"

"I like sports and art, and no, I haven't a boyfriend. I have been very much a loner," Carol stammered, feeling slightly uncomfortable.

She suddenly realised that over the past several years she had been so engrossed in her studies and, following an unsettling experience, she had not talked to anyone about herself. She had this strange feeling that was both uncomfortable and relaxing at the same time. It was as if Gloria had radiated a cloud of intimacy around both of them.

"How can a beautiful girl like you exist without male comfort?" Gloria laughed.

"I'm afraid I haven't really thought about it,"rebutted Carol.

"I imagine there must be hordes of men wanting to get into your knickers," cajoled Gloria.

Carol felt her cheeks blushing and squirmed on her chair at this turn of conversation, but somehow she felt at ease.

"I have had an occasional attempt, but I just didn't feel it was right, apart from..." she trailed off realising that she was getting into an area she didn't want to visit.

"Apart from what?" persisted Gloria.

When Carol didn't answer, Gloria realised that Carol was covering something painful.

"Don't worry, girl, you can trust me. If it's been done anywhere, I've done it. Let's get freshened up, changed and go and meet Babs. I'll guarantee we'll have fun. You'll love her and with luck we might meet her mate," she winked. "She tells me he is some hunk."

With that Gloria stood up, leant over and gave Carol a soft kiss full on her lips. "See you here in about an hour and a half."

Carol was transfixed as she watched Gloria stalk away to the elevator. Stalk is the only way to describe her walk. She felt she had never been in the company of such a beautiful woman. The effect of that kiss which was so soft yet firm, lingered with her for ages and her feelings were in a turmoil. She felt a spasm run through her body and particularly between her legs where she suddenly realised that she was very moist. She had never felt this way when with any boyfriends, so could she possibly be a lesbian? These confusing thoughts raced through her mind as she went to her room. Once inside she quickly undressed, turned on the shower and dived in. The initial cool water had the effect of heightening her senses, rather than as she expected settling them down. As the water warmed, she felt every part of her tingling and without realising it, her hands went to the warm mound between her legs and she slowly relaxed as unconsciously her fingers set up a rhythm between the lips of her most sensitive area.

She was woken out of her reverie by the phone ringing. Grabbing a towel she reached the bed. 

"Wear something nice, Mal will be home later," said Gloria, and rang off.

Strange, thought Carol, why wouldn't I? 

Only then did she realise how long she had been in the shower and how warm her sex felt. She looked at herself in the mirror and realised she glowed. This trip was certainly having an effect on her.

She then pondered about what to wear. Hump Mal, she thought, it's Gloria I want to impress. 

THE ADVENTURE

Gloria was waiting for her in the foyer. Carol had decided that a white wrapover blouse and a slim black skirt would be the best outfit she had which could show herself off to Gloria, but when she saw Gloria standing in the middle of the foyer with everyone passing a glance at her she felt a tremble and a little shaky.

Gloria was stunning with an off the shoulder emerald green dress which hugged every contour of her body. Her long hair flowed down her back. This was the sexiest person Carol had ever seen.

Gloria turned and looked at her with such an intensity that Carol felt that she was being undressed in public.

"You look fantastic," stammered Carol.

"You look pretty good yourself. Wait till Babs sees you."

She leaned into Carol and gave her a kiss on the mouth. 

Carol nearly swooned with the feeling of warmth and the sweet smell of Gloria's perfume which enveloped her.

The taxi was waiting and she climbed in; Gloria didn't really climb, more flowed in.

Gloria chuckled as she sank back in the seat, fully aware of Carol's nervousness. "I think we need to educate you a little. You have been asleep too long," she said.

"What do you mean?" murmured Carol, but already knowing the answer by instinct.

"Wait till we get to Babs's."

The journey continued uneventfully in silence till they pulled up at nice looking house set back from the road on an avenue lined with trees.

Having paid the driver they had hardly taken ten steps up the path when the front door shot open and, with a shriek, what seemed like a whirlwind to Carol, ran down and flung herself into Gloria's arms. They clung together for what seemed an age.

"Am I glad to see you," the athletic beauty finally spoke.

Arm in arm they went inside and Carol felt she was almost ignored. Just inside Babs turned around suddenly and yelled, "Oh, God, my apologies, we are very rude," and ran to her and gave her such a hug that Carol almost couldn't breathe.

"This is the lovely Carol," said Gloria, introducing her.

"Come in and make yourself comfortable. I see what Gloria means," said Babs mysteriously.

The front door opened into a large room with deep pile carpet and two large settees facing each other with a small table between which had a large tray of sweet cakes and biscuits. On one wall was a TV screen which was one of the largest that Carol had ever seen. Babs ushered them in to sit and then offered, without seeming to expect any refusal, rum cocktails for all.

Babs sat beside Gloria and conversation proceeded with a large amount of hilarity about their various adventures and escapades since they had last met, which to Carol's ears seemed to generally revolve around men. The glasses emptied and were refilled and Carol realised that her capacity was being taken to a new level. She felt warm and slightly unfocussed. She had hardly said a word since she came in and, although she found the tales interesting, she was detached.

As if on cue Babs suddenly said, "And what about yourself, Carol, how has your love life been?"

Carol hesitated, having been taken off guard by the previous run of conversation, which had centred around the length of some man's cock.

Gloria, seeing Carol's hesitation, explained to Babs what Carol had already told her about herself. "She's not terribly familiar with men having had a bad experience."

"Oh, do tell," said Babs. "We can sympathise and maybe make you feel better."

"I haven't had much experience, I just seemed to concentrate on grades in college and wasn't very interested in boys."

"Are you a virgin?" asked Babs, with such simplicity that Carol almost didn't react.

"No, and that is partly the problem. I did fall for this guy in college, but we didn't do much more than kiss and cuddle." Carol suddenly realised that the memories were coming back to her and she started to cry.

Gloria immediately came over and sat beside her putting her arms around her. Babs did likewise on her other side, and Carol felt such a feeling of warmth that she just blurted out the story.

THE HAPPENING

This guy Brett had taken her to films and concerts and she had liked his attentions. The evenings had ended generally with a kiss and a hug. Although Carol was not a prude she was innocent and didn't expect anything else unless marriage was intended. This was the way she was brought up and she didn't question it, despite overhearing other girls' conversations.

One weekend after a particularly bright party/concert they joined some friends in a local bar. Drinks flowed, but Carol managed to pace herself. As the evening got late the group made plans to go back to a guy's apartment. Carol noticed that some of the girls were well over their limit. 

When they got to the apartment which was a bit out of town, music was put on and beer and spirits suddenly appeared in abundance. Brett had been quite a bit more familiar with her than previously, but Carol put that down to the alcohol. They danced a bit very close and she felt a little uneasy. Brett at some point took her hand and led her along a corridor. She didn't object, but when he brought her into a bedroom she began to protest.

"Shush," said Brett, "we both need this." With that he pushed her onto the bed and lay on top of her. He kissed her roughly and with one hand grabbed her breast. Carol struggled, but couldn't move with his weight. She tried to cry out, but his mouth just pressed hard on hers and it was no longer a kiss. He was so much stronger than her that she had little chance of moving him. Then she felt his hand between her legs pulling her panties down. She tried to scream, but was so shocked that nothing came out. His fingers moved roughly inside her as she tried to kick him away, but to no avail. How he managed it she did not know, but suddenly she felt something enter her and she knew it was his penis.

A sudden push into her and she screamed as the pain was unbearable. He thrust and pushed and she felt as if her whole insides were being torn apart. He groaned loudly, and she felt an unexpected warmth creep up her insides which, mingled with the pain, caused her some confusion. She was so worn out that she stopped struggling and the world seemed to go into a haze.

After a while she became aware that she was alone in the room. She gingerly sat up and reached to the floor for her panties and realised she was bleeding. She had a sudden feeling of panic. How would she get out? What did she look like? Where was Brett? She took hold of herself and became practical. She wiped the blood off her legs with her panties, put them on, straightend her dress and hair and searched around the room for her purse. Finding it under the bed she went to the door and looked out.

All she wanted to do was to get home so she quickly went back down the corridor and through the main room. Others were smooching and singing to the music, but didn't seem to notice her. Through the door and down the road she ran, not knowing where she was or what time it was. As luck would have it a cab was on the road and she got home, slinking through the house to her room, which had its own attached bathroom. All she could think of was to soak away the memory of the evening in the shower which she did for nearly an hour and eventually fell into bed thoroughly exhausted and painfully uncomfortable.

"You poor thing," said Babs. "Did that rapist get what he deserved?"

"That's the unfinished part," said Carol. "I never saw or heard of him again. It seems he left town to go north.

"What about your parents?" asked Gloria.

"I never told them. I was too ashamed. As far as I was concerned, once I came to terms with it, I put it behind me."

"So you didn't get pregnant."

"No, that was the lucky part, but I had some treatment on my vagina afterwards and I have taken the pill ever since."

Carol felt a great weight had lifted off her and whether it was that or the drink she didn't know, but felt lightheaded and strangely at ease.

Gloria and Babs took her in between them and held her for such a long time. It felt so good that she didn't want it to end.

THE ADVENTURE

Gloria then almost whispered in her deepest voice, "Sex is the most beautiful thing and it's a shame that you had to experience it like that. I think we can help you enjoy the experience. You have a beautiful figure and I for one would love to use it."

Carol hesitated, "What do you mean?"

"When Babs and I didn't have a man we found the next best was between ourselves. Next to a male sex machine, Babs and I gave each other more good times than you could imagine. That is why I feel so much for her, and she for me."

With that Gloria put her lips to Carol's and softly moved her tongue between her lips.

Carol was overcome with a feeling she had never experienced. Slowly her tongue met Gloria's and a sweet sensation raced through her body. She had never been kissed like that before.

Just as suddenly Gloria moved back. "Nice," she said.

Carol did not know whether it was a statement or a question but automatically answered, "Lovely."

Babs then put her hand to Carol's chin and turned her face to her, and also kissed her. Her kiss was different, more firm but no less enjoyable.

"Relax, girl, you are going to enjoy yourself and have fun tonight. Let's get some more fairy juice." 

She got up and went to the kitchen to prepare more of the cocktails or "fairy juice" as she called it.

Carol felt on a high and wondered if more would make her tizzy. She also had a little apprehension about what might follow considering the girls' remarks. The apprehension faded a little as the evening went on with more alcohol and merriment brought about by the increasingly risqué stories the girls related of their past.

A rattle at the door brought Babs to her feet.

"Mal is here."

The door opened and Mal came in. 

He was 6'4" and built in proportion. In a short sleeved vest and jeans, he looked obviously well tuned. His hair was cropped short and, if Gloria and Babs were black, he was nightshade. His grin was from ear to ear.
