 This a ghost story. Almost all the characters are figments of my imagination, except for one - Susan, who is my wife. She is a blonde and was a tour guide, amongst other things, which is what prompted me to write this story. 

Susan was sitting at an outdoor restaurant in the old part of the city, sipping a glass of cold white wine and contemplating her trip so far. It was the tail end of summer and the weather was turning chilly, but that meant there were fewer tourists to mar her stay. Her job as a tour guide allowed her ample opportunity to travel and occasionally, she was able to jump on a trip as an extra passenger to visit places she hadn’t been to before. This had been an enjoyable trip, if a little lonely and she was looking forward to the flight home the following afternoon.

As she sipped her wine, she wished she had worn something warmer as her blouse was thin and did nothing to keep the cold out. She was, she knew, the quintessential California girl. She was very attractive, with blonde hair down to her shoulders and had that sunny disposition that girls that grow up in the sunshine always seem to have. As usual, she wore no bra and she felt her nipples were reacting to the chilly air in this east coast town. She idly wondered whether she should go back to the hotel and get a jacket.

She was startled from her reveries by a loud voice.

“Caroline? I don’t believe it!” 

Susan looked up and there was an attractive-looking man looking quizzically at her.

“Its been, what, three years! What brings you here of all places?”

Susan smiled at him, wanting to say that he’d made a mistake, but finding it hard to get a word in edgeways, such was his enthusiasm at apparently finding the elusive Caroline.

“Well I….” she started to say but her companion interrupted her.

“This is fantastic! When you left, you didn’t leave an address. I tried to get in touch with you, but no luck. I’ve got a new apartment, it’s just close by, do say you’ll come and see it?”

He looked earnestly at her and she hadn’t the heart to say no to him. Besides which, he was quite attractive and maybe an evening with him would be pleasant. She had nothing else planned. And, truth to tell, who hasn’t thought of being someone else just for a day?

He generously settled her check with the waiter, who obviously knew him well, and they left the bar. He chatted on about the town, his apartment and his surprise at seeing her there. Susan looked at him as they walked. He was about her age, very attractive in a rugged kind of way wearing a black polo-neck sweater and gray trousers. They soon arrived at an old building that had been converted into apartments. He opened the front door and led her up to his apartment on the second floor. It was attractively furnished in a bachelor style and he animatedly showed her around the two bedroom place. 

“I must make a quick phone call. Make yourself at home. What can I get you? Glass of wine?” he asked.

Susan nodded and smiled as he almost ran into the kitchen in his enthusiasm. Whilst he busied himself with a bottle and glasses, she wandered about the living room. Something caught her eye and she stopped to take a closer look, just stifling a gasp when she realized what it was she was looking at. It was a framed picture of herself with two men, each with an arm around her waist. One was her host, but the other she didn’t recognize. It certainly looked like her in the picture, the same blonde hair, same look, but she didn’t recognize the location and knew it couldn’t possibly be her. It must be the elusive Caroline, she guessed, which would explain his excitement at seeing her in the bar. She looked closer and there was a note in the corner of the picture that said “to Jim and John, love Caroline.”

Just then, he arrived back with two glasses, and seeing her looking at the picture, put them down and came behind her and put his arms around her waist and leaned his head against hers. It was a very affectionate gesture and Susan was beginning to envy Caroline.

“Do you remember where that was taken?” he asked.

Caught, Susan didn’t know what to say, so she turned and put her arms around him and kissed him. It was a long slow kiss, full of times remembered and things left unsaid.

He was the first to break the kiss. He stood back, her hands in his, and said “I phoned John and he will be over in an hour. I know he wants to see you too.”

Susan guessed that John was the other man in the photograph, which meant that her host must be Jim by process of elimination.

“We have a little time to ourselves. Come with me.”

Susan allowed herself to be lead into the bedroom. Jim turned to her and started to unbutton her blouse. 

“Oh!” thought Susan, as she watched his fingers undo each button, then impatiently ripping the blouse to reveal her breasts. Buttons popped as the material parted. She watched his face as he looked down at her breasts, his hands carefully caressed her skin and she closed her eyes as she felt his fingers on her nipples, teasing them into hard little points. 

“I hardly know this man, but then its not really me at all that he’s playing with” she thought to herself, “I’m Caroline, not Susan and what he wants is Caroline.“ 

She opened her eyes, reached out and started undoing his shirt, starting slowly then faster as he put his mouth on her left nipple and started to nibble at it, his left had still squeezing and playing with its right hand twin. She pulled his shirt out of his trousers and undid his belt and then he put his arms around her. He undid the zip on her skirt, sliding it off as she fell backwards onto the soft cover of the bed. He took off his shirt then lifted her legs fully onto the bed. He stood back and he pulled his underpants off, letting his cock spring free. She looked down at it, knowing that his 8” of circumcised hardness would be hers if she said yes. She looked up at him and saw the determination in his eyes. She knew that look - he had to have her right now. She reached forward and took his cock in her hand, then slowly rubbed it back and forth. She looked up at him as he took his shirt off, then Susan lay back and watched him, knowing that she had made her decision, she was Caroline and she would give him what he wanted. 

He positioned himself carefully between his legs and slowly entered her. Susan lifted her legs to make it easier for him and put her arms around him. He needed no further encouragement, he worked his cock further inside her until it was as deep as it would go. Then he slowly withdrew, then pushed forward again, setting off a steady rhythm that Susan began to enjoy. He leaned down and kissed her as his cock continued to push into her. She felt herself relaxing, lifting herself up to meet his thrusts. She felt him start to tense, then suddenly, felt his cock pulse inside her as he came. He kissed her as he withdrew from her. Susan felt slightly cheated that she hadn’t come too but perhaps there would be time later, she thought. He was rather attractive and she wouldn’t mind doing that again with……Jim, that was his name.

Jim said “I can’t tell you how long I’ve waited for that!” 

And then he leaned forward and kissed her again.

“You can take a shower if you like, its through there on the left.”

“Thanks,” she replied “I’d love a shower!”

“I thought you‘d say that! Follow me!”

Before Susan could say “wait a minute!”, she found herself in the shower with Jim. He soaped her all over, washing her back, touching, feeling everything. She felt his fingers exploring, touching, playing with her nipples, a finger inside her here, another inside her from behind there. She lost herself in the feeling that she was Caroline and this is what they did everyday.

Stepping out of the shower, he gently dried her with a big fluffy towel. She felt pampered and spoilt. She envied Caroline.

“I kept some of your clothes when you left, they’re in the closet by the bedroom door” he said as he pulled on a pair of trousers.

“What on earth did you keep stuff for?” she replied.

“Oh, I don’t know, just missed having you around I guess” he said smiling, as he wandered into the kitchen, tucking the shirt into his trousers.

Susan looked for her clothes. The blouse was history, the buttons having parted company with the silk so she opened the closet door. There were about half a dozen things in the closet. A gray dress, a skirt and a matching jacket, a couple of silk blouses and some trousers. She chose the skirt and a matching silk blouse. She put them on and looked in the mirror at herself. Unconsciously, she had chosen the outfit she had seen Caroline wearing in the photograph.

Just then, the doorbell rang. Susan jumped, caught in her own thoughts. 

“That will be John!” said Jim as he went to open the door.

Susan emerged from the bedroom just as Jim was saying to John “look who I found!”

John turned, first with a look of disbelief, then with a big smile and came over to her and gave her a huge hug and a kiss. Not a sisterly kiss, a very passionate kiss that spoke volumes of their relationship. Susan did not hold back. She knew that Caroline wouldn’t have either.

John was the first to break the kiss. “See, I told you!” said Jim to John. “Now, as its my turn to cook, why don’t you make yourselves comfortable and I’ll rustle up something back here in the kitchen. If you could set the table for me, that would be great.

Susan and John pulled out the dining table from the wall and set three places. Jim came in and produced a candle from somewhere and the table was set. 

“Dinner will be about twenty minutes” Jim announced, “pasta and shrimp okay for you guys?”

“Sounds good to me” said John as Jim retreated to the kitchen.

“Me too” said Susan. 

As Jim left, John turned to kiss Susan, nervously at first, and then increasingly passionately. Susan’s mind was in whirl, trying to guess at Caroline’s relationship with the two guys. She was saved from further thought by John taking her by the hand and leading her into the bedroom. He started to unbutton her blouse but Susan stopped him with a look towards the kitchen.

“Don’t worry!” whispered John, “he knows, he always knows!”

He finished unbuttoning her blouse and began playing with her nipples as he kissed her again, his tongue exploring, sensuously touching his fingers just grazed the tips of her nipples. Susan was very turned on by this and didn’t protest at all as he lowered her onto the bed and lifted her skirt. He unbuttoned his trousers and let them fall and without waiting for any word from her, positioned his cock and slid it inside her. Susan reacted immediately to the urgency of his thrusts, lifting herself for the second time within an hour to the feeling of a hard, insistent cock inside her. She felt him getting close and then the pulsing of his cock as he came inside her.

He kissed her as he withdrew and he held her hand as she sat up.

“I can’t tell you how long I’ve waited for that” he said.

Just then, the door opened a crack and Jim said “dinner is on the table!”

“Ready!” said John.

“Let me get tidied up” said Susan, “then I’ll be right out!”

“Okay! John, you want to open a bottle of wine?” replied Jim.

John left to help out and Susan tried to make herself look presentable. She really needed to change her clothes yet again as her latest outfit was somewhat crumpled after her recent encounter. She was rapidly running out of clothes! She looked in the wardrobe again and chose another blouse and matching skirt. She looked at herself in the mirror and checked her make-up. The blouse she had chosen was much thinner than the one she had discarded and there was no doubt she was wearing nothing underneath it. Her breasts and nipples were very visible. She shrugged to herself and thought “what have I got to hide? They have both seen everything at least once!”

She took one last look in the mirror, and liked what she saw. The outfit really was rather sexy. So she joined John and Jim in the living room.

Dinner was fun. Both John and Jim were good company and they took great trouble to make her feel welcome and wanted. Nothing much was said of times past, for which Susan was grateful, not knowing what to say. 

At the end of the meal, Jim said “do say you’ll stay with us, we’ve missed you so much!”

“I can’t!” replied Susan, “I have to catch a plane back to L.A. in the morning.”

“But you have to stay!” said John.

“You know I can’t”

“You must!” insisted Jim. 

“Why not?” asked John.

Increasingly uncomfortable, Susan suddenly blurted out “because I’m not Caroline!”

There was a pause and then Jim and John looked at each other.

“We know” Jim said.

“You know?” said Susan, a little bewildered.

“But…..”

“You can’t possibly be Caroline” said Jim

“But how…..”

”Because Caroline doesn’t exist!” said John.

Now Susan was really confused. 

“We made her up” said Jim.

“But you approached me…..there was a photograph!”

“Ah, that was a nice touch, I thought” said Jim and he and John exchanged a smile.

“But how?”

“Oh, it was simple really, it was your face, but the body belongs to my sister Samantha. We took your picture at the hotel. Its amazing the tings you can do with Photoshop!”

“The clothes!”

“Samantha’s, except for the blouse you are wearing now, and I bought that with you in mind.”

Susan looked down. Her breasts were clearly visible, her nipples prominent. Oh! She thought for a moment. “But you both….”

“We know.”

“But that’s…..”

“We didn’t hear you protesting! You thought that is what Caroline would do!”

“But that isn’t legal!”

“Neither is impersonating another person!” said Jim.

“Oh!” said Susan and she sat back in her chair.

“The point is, Caroline wouldn’t have done that either, except in our dreams, and Caroline was a very much our dream girl. And she, or rather you, lived up to all our expectations” said John.

“I should probably leave now” said Susan, rising from the table.

“But why?” said Jim “the point is that you enjoyed yourself so why not stay the night and we’ll be really nice too you and we promise to get you to your plane on time. Plus we have champagne!”

In the face of logic and a nice invitation, Susan wilted. Jim and John rose from the table and each took her hand and lead her towards the bedroom.

They had undressed her together, kissing each part of her body as her clothes were shed. 

Then they took their clothes off and Susan was able to compare cock sizes. They matched, an even pair, she decided, and definitely worth a girl‘s attention. Then Susan lay back against the fluffed-up pillows, an arm around each of the guys as they each nibbled at her nipples. She always like being played with, but having two guys do the work was definitely interesting. She decided she could get to like this. As their lips continued to tease her nipples, she felt their hands drift down in unison, gently stroking her until they reached her mound. A finger slipped inside her, but she couldn’t tell who’s but she did feel Jim sliding down her body and then move her legs apart as he slid between them and started licking her. He was very good, she decided, and closed her eyes as his tongue played with her clitoris, John obligingly holding her nether lips open for him. Jim’s fingers were too busy, exploring inside her, front and back. His tongue flicked back and forth on her clitoris, faster and faster until she felt the familiar stirrings that built and built until she finally had her first orgasm of the evening. 

“Oooh, that was so nice!” she said when she had recovered.

“My pleasure” said Jim. 

“Mine too!” said John.

Susan slid herself down the bed and put her hands out to reach for their cocks. She was pleased to find that they both appeared to be in perfect working order and ready for action. She twisted herself around and started sucking on John’s cock as she stroked Jim’s. Then she turned her attention to Jim. 

Then she decided that what she would really like is both at the same time and so she turned over on her hands and knees and started giving John a really long, slow licking up and down his cock. Jim got the idea immediately and got behind her. He gently pushed his cock into Susan as she took John’s cock in her mouth, as far as she could. She grasped it too with her right hand and held onto it as Jim began to pound into her from the rear. He held her hips in his hands to steady himself as he thrust into her. Each time he pushed her forward, Susan took more of John’s cock in her mouth. Jim went at her faster and Susan’s hand massaged what part of John’s cock that wasn’t in her mouth. She felt Jim begin to tense and stop thrusting and she felt his cock begin to pulse as he came inside her just as she felt her second orgasm of the evening hit. At the same time, John’s cock spewed into her mouth and she swallowed the salty liquid. 

They all collapsed together on the bed in a warm sweaty heap. 

“Hmm, that was good!” said Jim and John almost together.

“It was pretty good for me too!” said Susan and they all laughed and hugged. “If its alright with you guys, I’m going to take a shower. And thanks, I think I can manage!”

Jim and John collapsed back on the bed with rueful grins. Susan had a hot shower and felt completely refreshed when she emerged only to find the boys had fallen fast asleep. They looked very peaceful and she hated to disturb them so she quietly put on the outfit she was wearing at dinner and, gathering her bag, gently closed the bedroom door. As she tiptoed towards the front door, she stopped by Jim’s writing desk to leave a note. 

She wrote “Thanks boys for a great dinner and for the entertainment. I hope you really do find the Caroline of your dreams. She will be quite a girl.”

She took one last look about the apartment, making sure she hadn’t forgotten anything, then turning back to put the note down on the desktop, she noticed a newspaper cutting that was tucked into a corner of the blotting pad. She pulled it out and glanced at it casually, then looked again. It was a picture of her! The story referred to a car crash late one night on a country road and that the sole occupant of the car had been killed instantly. 

The picture was of the girl in the car. Whose name was Caroline.