 Me and Caroline had been friends for what seemed like forever, we'd met at secondary school when we were just 11 and had been drawn together by a love of the outdoors. We got older and our tastes became more adventurous, this not exactly being the fashion amongst our friends we ended up regularly climbing together and now today as twenty somethings we still spend many of our weekends together on mountain sides.

There had never been anything more than friendship between us, we never said it but thought of each other as the siblings neither of us had had and indeed both of us had relationships elsewhere from time to time. Despite this brotherly relationship I was aware though that she had a pleasant athletic build that I always secretly thought about exploring. Given the amount of outdoor stuff she did this was inevitable. This thought I had always put to the back of my mind, always convinced that it would never happen and never be a good idea either.

A few weeks ago all that changed!

Both of us had been single for sometime and I for one was feeling pretty frisky. We had spent a day out climbing together and were camped on a remote mountainside. As we settled down to sleep I had a raging hard on, brought on by nothing more than sex starvation. I was lying on my side while Caroline wriggled settling down. As she did so her shapely and glorious firm arse pushed against my groin and she felt the unmistakeable bulge of my penis, hard and long. She paused for a moment, seemingly shocked but and then said quietly, but in a very meaningful way,

"Is that what I think it is?"

I was embarrassed and said nothing, for once in my life lost for words. After a few seconds though she clearly lost patients waiting for an answer and started to rub her arse up and down against it again and again to get her own answer. Even through two sleeping bags this felt dam good and I let out a little whimper of pleasure.

"It's exactly what I think it is" she said with a tone of quiet satisfaction.

"Oh, please don't tease," I pleaded, although not really meaning it, "Or I'm not going to want you to stop."

And she did stop, but she then rolled over to look me straight in the eye. It was still half light in the tent and I realised just how amazing she looked, smouldering dark eyes and long wavy black hair cascading over her shoulders. I always knew she was fit but now she was incredibly beautiful as well, and the look on that beautiful face was one of deep rooted desire and lust, an epic turn on for me, my bulge growing even harder at the sight.

"Who said I was teasing?" 

Her tone was soft and expectant and with that she leaned forward and kissed me full on the mouth. Her lips parted and her tongue rolled lazily in to my mouth, soft, warm and full of unlocked desire. It probed and penetrated, gently but firmly exploring every corner it could reach and the moment it slipped out I returned the favour her mouth moist and inviting.

This was clearly going to be more than a goodnight kiss now and as we shuffled closer her hand reached out and undid the zip on my sleeping bag. Her soft hands wandered across my torso, tracing the outline of the muscles, stroking the fuzz of chest hair, her nails brushing over my arms, giving me goose bumps of anticipation. Eventually her hand ran over the outside of my shorts where my penis, now hard as concrete strained to be released. Her long supple fingers tantalised and teased on the outside before finally she started to push them down inside. I wasted no time in pushing them right off, leaving 7 inches fully exposed to the air.

Her hand gripped the shaft and pulled up and down slowly, using the first drops of my pre cum to lube it up. I let out a moan of sheer ecstasy, I hadn't been touched full stop for months and never with such wonderful soft hands as these that felt like they might just extract every ounce of cum I had to give.

Hungrily I unzipped her sleeping bag and slipped my hand up her t-shirt, stroking her curved flanks, letting my fingers explore her tummy, finally pushing higher to find that the bra I had expected was not there! Her milky white breasts were firm and her nipples hard as peanuts. I ran my fingers softly over those fleshy curves and as I ran my finger tips over her hard little buds she moaned out in pleasure and ripped off her top all together.

I buried my face straight away in her tits, kissing, licking, sucking, cramming them in to my mouth like I was starving. They were warm and supple and just the perfect size. Meanwhile Caroline pushed off her pants and thrust my hand down towards her woman hood. As my hand slipped lower I found that she was perfectly shaven, smooth and fresh as I could have ever imagined. For a minute I teased her, brushing my fingers playfully around the top of her thigh, stroking her pussy lips and running my finger nails ever so gently over her pert little arse. Finally I put her out of her misery and slipped a finger insider her tight and by now very wet pussy. In it went further and then I pressed it hard against the front wall and began to stroke, first fast then slow and the fast again. I knew from experience that this could drive girls wild and I was not to be disappointed! She moaned out loud yet again, becoming wetter by the second.

By now she had started rubbing the head of my penis, gripping the shaft with one hand, running the palm of the other round the head with the other, nice and slowly, and I could feel it burning with pleasure, each circular movement sending pulses through my body, she seemed to know by instinct how to drive me mad as well but she was now getting similar treatment and she cried out in pleasure, arching her head back, my lips and tongue kissing and devouring her milky neck.

There was a connection between us, something primal, something chemical, we knew what the other wanted by instinct and they were going to get it and then some!

I changed angle, my finger still at it, her pussy now more or less dripping with her juices but now using my hand as well, rubbing her clit round in circles. She couldn't help herself, she ground her hips back at me, pushing her clit harder against me, jerking, rubbing, groaning, desperate for a release. It went on for what seemed like an eternity, both of us riding a rollercoaster, approaching something explosive but each time backing away. She needed more and took it!

Pushing me roughly on to my back she straddled me, her athletic legs taking a firm grip astride me hips. She gripped my penis again and guided it in to her soaking wet flower. Entering her was like an exquisite oil and I gasped at the sensation, her pelvic muscles taking a rock hard grip.

Caroline wasted no time, she rocked her hips back and forth, riding up and down on me, oblivious to all except this uncontrollable lust. She leaned forward for me to take a breast in my mouth and suck, her gasps and whimpers turning me on even further making me thrust my hips up as she pushed down, driving my penis deeper and deeper in to her aching canyon.

I could feel myself peaking and so could she, her hips moved faster and faster, totally out of control, slamming down harder and harder on to me, I could feel pussy juices running down my hips, just stimulating me further, the look of lust on her face turning me on and driving me further yet in to her.

And when we did cum, together, it was like nothing on earth, she grunted like an animal, threw herself backwards, bending backwards, jerking herself off against the rod of iron buried deep within her, using me like a toy. I felt a torrent of cum flood in to her, splashing and slurping, every muscle in my body contracting at once, every nerve ending burning, every desire fulfilled, her body shaking and jerking, a deep throaty moan coming from within her.

As our orgasm subsided she leaned back forward, my penis still buried deep inside her, and kissed my deeply, her tongue seeming to have expanded, almost reaching my tonsils.

"Thank you," she said with a smile, "I've been waiting to do that since we were 11! And as for that rock climb tomorrow, lets just say I have other ideas about a different rock I want to be straddling......"

To be continued..........