 This is my own work of fantasy fiction, created in my mind for your reading pleasure, hopefully. If this writing resembles you or someone, you know it is one hell of a coincidence. So either read on, or not your choice. If you leave comments, please be kind, I am trying. This story cannot be duplicated in any way, without written from myself. I would like to thank De, for her editing of this story.



Carolyn Johnston sat in her living room watching the snow fall through her picture window while sipping a hot cup of fresh coffee. The snow was piling up at a rather rapid rate and she began to wonder how much would cover the ground before it was over. She loved the sight of fresh snow but she disliked the cleanup that followed. "That's all right", she thought. She had all day to clean off the drive and walkway. Mark, her husband of twelve years, wouldn't be home until six or later. Hell, he didn't care if it snowed as long as he could get to work. Actually, he didn't care what the weather did, or when.

It was his garage that kept him separated from Carolyn. Their marriage had been on the downhill slide for some time. She had tried to put some spark back into their sex life and marriage more times than she cared admit. Mark rarely responded to her changes, he was either too tired or busy for her. 

During the first years of their marriage she would dress up and go on her days off. To Carolyn it felt like ages ago. She knew she could still turn heads. Women were still envious of her polished appearance. Her body was still in great shape with few changes over the years.

She thought back to how the mechanics would all eye her up and down when she visited Mark at the garage. A few just stared. She liked it! A LOT! She felt sexy when they leered at her. Mark didn't like her disrupting his employees or the business. Once in a while, Mark would give her a good hard fucking after one of her visits to the garage. Punishment he thought. Carolyn secretly loved it and hoped it would continue. Unfortunately, it didn't so she fantasized a lot. Mark's interest was in growing his garage business; Carolyn was no longer at the top of his priority list. 

TGIF she thought as she watched the snow and sipped her coffee feeling deliciously lazy. She was so thankful the hospital offered her of a four-day work week option that included Friday through Sunday off every week. She loved her long weekends, especially during the summer. She loved working outside in the sun tending to her flowers, yard, anything outside. Making things neat and attractive made her feel better inside, despite the troubles in her marriage.

Her dreaming came to a gradual close as she heard the sound of a machine outside. Looking up, she saw a tall well, bundled up man coming down the sidewalk with a snow blower. The snow had almost stopped and he was making short work of the sidewalks. 

Carolyn, still in her nightgown, scooted down some on the couch. She didn't know who this person was but she was thankful for him cleaning their walk out by the road. He had obviously caught a glimpse of her as he approached their house, because he gave her a little wave as he went on past to the neighbors. She then realized he was doing everyone's walks on her side of the street. What a nice fellow she thought, but who was he? Scooting around she watched him clean much further down the street. It wasn't long before coming toward her again, cleaning the other side of the street. When he looked her direction this time, she waved generously with a nice smile. Nodding he proceeded down the street. Curiously, she watched him work. Then he started cleaning a driveway two doors down, across the street. It took him a few minutes and then he retrieved mail from the box and went into that same house. 

Now she remembered! He had moved in earlier this year when it was still warm out. She was certain they were never introduced. However, she did remember seeing him out in his yard. For an older guy, he was attractive. He was lean, tan, and smiled a lot. 

Thinking back he had watched her in yard a few times. Her mind drifted, had he watched her doing yard work, when she was bent over in her shorts. The thought excited her. Had she unknowingly teased him? This line of thought had her nipples hard. She looked his way. He smiled and waved back. 

Reality set in. She decided to get her shit together. Carolyn finished her coffee, rinsed her cup and headed to her bedroom. She pulled her nightgown over her head and threw it on the bed, pulled on a sweater, a pair of tight jeans and socks. Out in the utility room she pulled on her snow boots and winter jacket.

Entering the garage, the snow blower sounded much closer than it had been. Looking out the garage door window, she saw him cleaning her driveway. She quickly pushed the door opener. As the door move overhead she watch him walk the blower right into the garage. He smiled as he turned the machine around and shut the engine off.

Carolyn got her first up close look at her neighbor. She liked his rugged good looks. Despite his mustache and bushy eyebrows being icy from blowing snow he didn't appear to be cold. As he swept his protective hood off his head he revealed a head full of white hair in its disarray. She was even more impressed. Removing his glove, he stuck out his large muscular hand out in a friendly gesture. Her hand almost disappeared in his. She felt his strength immediately as they shook.

"Hello, young lady." He said.

Carolyn was progressively feeling better about being home alone this Friday. She could possibly be arrested for the thoughts that filled her lonely, horny mind. Looking him over from boots to hair. Why in the hell hadn't she walked over and introduced herself to the man and checked him out before now.

"Hello and thank you for cleaning our sidewalk off out front. You saved me and our neighbors a lot of work."

"I'm Michael by the way. I live across the street and down a couple of doors. My friends call me Mike." He said.

"Well "Mike", I'd like to be one of your friends, especially on days like this. For the record I'm Carolyn. My friends call me CJ."

"OK, CJ. Hell, I got nothing else to do so I bought this thing. I was hoping to help my neighbors out on occasion. Sure didn't think I would need it this early in the year but what the hell. "If you don't mind, I'll go ahead and clean your drive off?"

Carolyn was looking at the drive; trying to avoid his eyes. She realized a second ago his eyes were a mesmerizing very deep sky blue. Her eyes went from the snowy drive to his. 

He was looking at her 34D tits, which were clearly on display. She hadn't bothered with a bra and her coat was unzipped at the top. She felt warmth come to her face. The cold and his gazing had caused her nipples to harden into protruding points in her sweater. She did nothing to cover herself. In fact, she stood a little taller. He didn't miss the move and smiled at her. More warmth moved through Carolyn at that moment and she welcomed it. God, she felt like a young girl seeing her first male hunk. 

Flashing her warmest smile in a while, she looked into those eyes and said "Mike, I sure do appreciate you doing this for me; you must let me pay you something for doing all this hard work. I have a little cash on hand, or I could write you a check."

"Oh Lord no CJ. I do this to have something to do. I get bored as shit sitting around the house. OH, please pardon my language I'm not use to talking with such a pretty young lady. I'm sorry. I'll try to keep it cleaner."

The compliment went right straight to Carolyn's horny pussy. "Pretty young lady" or horny older slut, he was pushing her buttons. He was pushing all the right buttons. 

Would he talk dirty during sex she wondered? Her need for a coat was dwindling fast.

"Don't think a damn thing about it, Mike. I've heard it all and said my fair share of it. I like to think I'm old enough to know better but too young to resist."

"Well shoot, I'm much older than you by far but I still get around pretty good; I can still get the job done, and pretty well I think. I haven't had any complaints in a while. I haven't had any compliments lately either, so I guess I'm doing OK."

Carolyn thought seriously for a few seconds about what he had just said. Did he mean what she thought he meant, or was it something entirely different? Was her brain stuck on sex? Could he influence her that easily with his blue eyes and rugged looks? Damn he was a very attractive mature man; she had to give him that.

"Can I ask you a question Mike?"

"Sure, what is it?"

"Would you mind telling me just how old you are?"

"I'm going to be fifty-two my next birthday, which is several months away, thank you. She opened her eyes wide and smiled at him (her warmest smile yet). Her first guess was off by almost ten years. He was tall, healthy and strong. Most fifty year olds she encountered in the hospital didn't come close in comparison to him.

"Well, I'm going to get your drive done now. I want to get a few more drives cleared before I quit to get a bite to eat for lunch. It was nice talking with you, CJ. I do hope our paths cross again."

He pulled the starter rope and engine roared to life. It appeared effortless for him. Pulling his hood up covering his head full of white hair, he headed out of the garage with a nice smile towards her and slight nod.

Carolyn watch him make a trip down the drive and back before closing the door. She wanted to reward him with another view of her big tits and hard nipples before going inside. She showed. He looked. She got wet, leaking wet before closing the garage door. 

Standing inside behind the door, Carolyn rubbed her hard nipples making wetness increase. For the first time, she seriously thought about fucking someone other than Mark. Could she do it? Just sex nothing else? Would he do it? There was little doubt about him. She, on the other hand, had a lot to consider. There was a lot at stake.

What excuse could she come up with to see him again? Suddenly, it occurred to her, lunch. Why not make him a sandwich and take it over for his lunch. 

In the utility room, she removed her boots and coat. Rushing down the hallway she passed a mirror. Sliding to a stop, she leaned back and slightly flipped out. She looked like she had just crawled out the sack. Which is exactly what had happened. Hair and makeup were not going to help her shovel snow. Shit, she thought, Mike had seen her like this and he said she was "pretty". Well, Mike was in for a surprise. 

She glanced at the clock. She had hour before noon but wondered when would he be done? She grabbed three burgers and threw them on the George Foreman. 

She headed for the shower. Twenty-five minutes later, she had shaved her legs, trimmed her bush and scrubbed squeaky clean. Her hair was done and she applied very little make up. 

She put the burgers into buns and sandwich bags with chips and all the fixings in her basket. She went to window to see where he was. He was just crossing the street, heading home.

She wore a light jacket, sweater and tight ass jeans with heeled boots. Under that outer shell she wore a sexy bra and panties set as she headed out the garage door with lunch and a warm friendly smile. Half way across the street, Carolyn started to realize everything that was wrong with what she was doing. What in the hell did she think was going to happen here. She knew Mike was not married. What if he had a girlfriend? Or a casual lover? He did say "lately" right? OH shit! Am I about to make a complete ass out of myself? Too late, He had seen her. He was holding the garage door open, waiting. She smiled while walking right up to him.

"I took the liberty of making some burgers for your lunch. I thought it was the least I could do for you considering what you have done for all of us. I'm sorry if I'm intruding. I just wanted to return the favor."

"Well thank you CJ. You didn't have to but thank you. Right at the moment, I'm cold as hell and I want to take a hot shower. Would you like to come in? It won't take me long. Then we can eat and talk some more. Your call. I would like the company. Especially the company of a pretty, young woman who took the time to get all spruced up to bring me lunch."

CJ listened to his words, looked into his eyes, felt the warmth travel through her and mentally said fuck it.

"You go get yourself warmed up with a nice hot shower, I'll get lunch set up in the kitchen. Then we can get better acquainted."

A big smile spread across his weathered face when she said, "better", mischief mixed into that smile. Carolyn ducked under his raised arm, grinned a devilish grin and headed towards a walk-in door. She knew he was watching her ass in motion, so she added a little extra, just a little. Inside, she was thoroughly impressed. For a bachelor, his house was clean and orderly. Mike slipped down the hall in stocking feet while she sought out plates and utensils for them to use. Shortly, she heard the shower door close and water running. She couldn't help herself, just a little peak. Quiet as a mouse, she eased the door open to find a lot of steam and some frosted glass shower doors. Damn the luck, she thought. She was easing the door shut...when...

"CJ, will flip the fan on while you're there, I forgot it, slipped my mind with all those pretty smile you been showing."

She all most peed down her leg at the sound of his voice. Busted. Finding the switch, she turned the fan on, closed the door and left. Her face felt like it was on fire from embarrassment. The thought of just getting her coat and walking out, seemed like a hell of an idea, at the time. Finding an excuse for what she had done, wasn't working either, the shower stopped. Taking several deep breaths, she relaxed some, what could be the worst he would do, spank her and send her home. The mere thought of him spanking her a little caused her pussy to tingle and grow even wetter. Shortly, he was walking down the hall whistling, Jesus, he seemed very cool about it all, she thought. Entering the kitchen, Carolyn was even more impressed. White ankle socks, long muscular tan legs, above the knee shorts and a white v neck t-shirt that was it. He looked real good in it and smelled great. Mike was not making this any easier and he knew it. 

"Hi." Was all she could come up with, besides a smiling mouth?

"Hi, but I thought we had that out of the way earlier. Are we ready to eat? I'm famished. So you'll get to see me make a pig of myself. I'll try not to embarrass myself, no promises."

Loving his since of humor, she laughed out loud. He was putting her almost too much at ease. The kitchen was a little tight. He rubbed across her ass while making his way to fridge. Her body temperature went up five degrees in one second. He didn't apologize for it and but did it again after getting his drink, then again while asking her what she wanted to drink. Telling him the same as he was having, then he wrapped his arm around her body and handing her the drink. Taking his hand and drink at the same time, she deliberately rubbed his forearm across her tit and nipple. It got even warmer in the tight space. As if nothing happened, he rounded the corner and placed himself on a stool where she had set up the food. She watched him, watching her as he bit into the burger. It took a lot of her will power not to leap across the counter and attack his hunky ass.

"Yum mm, CJ, you make a mean burger. This is real good. I guess I should have told you I was a vegetarian before you made these though."

CJ turned red from the neck up. Damn, she thought I should have asked, no wonder Mike is so lean and muscular, no meat no fat, she thought.

"Mike...I'm sorry...I didn't know." 

Mike just couldn't contain himself any longer, snickering he waved his hand back and forth at her, already ducking from the aggression he was anticipating. CJ picked upon his little joke immediately. She rounded the end of the counter and jokingly slapped at his head and arms for his verbal prank. Turning and facing her as she attacked him, wrapping her up in his long strong arms. Holding her tight against him, face to face he looked deep into her beautiful brown eyes. He leaned in slowly, kissing her long soft neck. Moaning, she relaxed and melting into his arms. Kissing her neck was a trigger spot, her wetness increased. Carolyn pulled back after he had her weak kneed and wet as hell. They kissed softly, the passion rose between them, hell she was nearly panting when they separated. 

Mike was the first man to kiss her like that in a very long time. She liked it. She wanted it. No she needed it. He kissed her again with passion, gentle yet firm, she wasn't used to this, but she would learn. Relaxing his hold on her, he gave her the option to retreat. She didn't move. Instead, CJ wrapped her arms around his neck, crushing her tits between them. All apprehension she held earlier was gone. Carolyn Johnston wanted Mike to take her to bed and make mad passionate love to her. She felt more alive in the past hour than she had felt in years, and she wanted desperately to show her appreciation to him.

"Where's your bed room Mike?" she whispered into his ear.

Hands on her sides he extended his arms some, looking into her beautiful eyes again. He loved her beautiful brown eyes, hell he loved everything about her, even though she was married to another man. The expression of need on her face was priceless, but he needed to ask her; Give her the chance to stop and think.

"CJ, are you sure you want to do this. You have a lot riding on this and honestly I have nearly nothing."

"Mike, if we don't go have sex right now, they'll put a needle in my arm in a few years, because I'm going to kill your ass if you don't take me in there and make me whole again. I am a forty-two year old wanton woman right now. I want you and you had better be up for the task. Now let's go."

Grinning like a lotto winner, Mike spun her around, pulled her sweater up over her head in one swoop. Before it hit the floor he had her bra undone and was sliding it off her outstretched arms. Turning her back around, he cupped her tight ass in both hands while attaching his lips over her hard and erect right nipple. Moaning deeply, she tried forcing her whole tit into his mouth. His bushy mustache brushed her exposed tit flesh as she whispered to him to suck her nipple hard; she loved it and needed it. He complied with her request. Moaning even more deeply, she was encouraging him as her hands found his manhood. She gasped slightly as her seeking fingers closed around his manhood for the first time. "Impressive", she thought to herself. Seeking his cock flesh, her hand went up his leg inside his shorts. The arrogant bastard, she thought, as she discovered no underwear. Filling her hand with his thick hard cock, pushed her conscience aside, she wanted him to fuck her, and now.

Pulling her hard wet nipple from his hot sucking mouth, CJ backed up, only to grabbing the waistband of his shorts, pulling him to his feet.

"Please Mike; I can't take much more of this teasing. I'm yours to do with as you please. I just need you to fuck me, to hold me and then fuck me again. Can you do that, for me?"

Pulling her face to his, they kissed again. CJ turned pulling him along, heading towards the bedroom, where ever the hell it was. Playfully spanking her ass, he got the squeal he wanted from her. He instructed her it was the second door on the right. Mike maneuvered CJ off to the side of the bed before flopping down on it. Facing her way he gives a twirling motion with his finger.

"Dance a little for me baby, I want to watch your beautiful tits sway as you strip off the ass hugging jeans."

CJ sighed like she was disgusted. It had been a long time since she had stripped for Mark or any man, but she really liked to doing it, there just weren't many opportunities. Swaying her ass to the imaginary music, she massaged her big tits while pulling and teasing her large nipples, never loosing eye contact with Mike. Twirling around, her ass towards him, she bent and removed her short boots. Turning back to him, Mike had his hand inside his shorts, holding his hard cock. Gesturing with her eyes 'I want to see it', but he shook his head no. 
