 This is my own work of fantasy fiction, created in my mind for your reading pleasure, hopefully. If this writing resembles you or someone, you know it is one hell of a coincidence. So either read on, or not your choice. If you leave comments, please be kind, I am trying. This story cannot be duplicated in any way, without written from myself. I would like to thank De, for her editing of this story. There will be more parts to follow, without so much delay. I hope.

*****

CJ eased open her eyes slightly, peaking at the sun drenched window. Feeling the weight of Mike's arm draped over her body, she looked down at his large tanned hand cupping her right tit. Thinking about earlier how Mike had sucked her nipples, she had loved it. Just the thought of his mustache teasing her skin caused her nipples to harden. Thinking he might be asleep, she moved slightly to see if she could ease away, she had to pee something terrible. Mike moved his hand up onto her cheek, moving the hair away that partially covered her beautiful face.

"Welcome back to the living world he whispered into her ear. You really sleep soundly after you've been laid good, you know that? I wanted to wake you for another bout, but decided you might need your rest much more."

"Mike, as much as I don't want to move from your arms, I have to, I really need to go pee. I'll go pee and I promise to come right back. We can talk in a minute."

He rolled away from her gorgeous body, but not before giving her tit a nice squeeze. She didn't realize how comfortable she had been until he had moved away. Lying on his back he watched her move around the bed. CJ's big tits swayed around in rhythm with ass as she walked around the bed, heading for the bathroom. God she was beautiful, big pointy tits, a smooth round ass with legs that were made for endurance sex, perfect he thought. His cock stirred as she left the room. 

Returning she looked around the room, searching for her clothes. Picking them up, she sat on the opposite side of the bed from him. Scooting over to her side he said. "You're one beautiful woman CJ."

"Thank you Mike, you're a good looking man, and I just love this big thing." She lifted his semi-hard cock off his thigh. "I'm going to need a little time to recoup. I'm a little sore from being stretched but fuck it sure felt great at the time." Keeping eye contact with him, she bent down and kiss his cock, causing it grow a little bigger.

Carolyn kissed his cock and licked the length of it he was hard now as she wrapped her hand around it, stroking him a little. Her pussy juices mixed with his cum inside of her. Without a doubt she needed to head home and give this whole situation some serious thought. But, the longer she looked at his dick the hornier she became. Fuck it she couldn't help herself. Bending down closer she slid his big hard cock right into her sucking mouth. Grasping onto just the head with her lips, she penetrated his pee hole with her tongue, seeking pre cum. Previous thoughts abandoned, she took him deeper, gaging a bit as she a lot of his dick in her mouth and throat. Feeling him completely hard in her mouth made pussy leak their combined juices down onto her thigh. Know on her knees. Carolyn was taking as much of his big cock as deep as she could, she wanted him to cum in her sucking mouth. Sucking and jacking his cock proved to be too much for Mike.

"OH fuck, CJ I'm going to cum baby. God baby your mouth feels so good, suck me CJ suck me. Damn woman, stop now or you're going to get a mouth full."

Her actions were going to get her exactly what she wanted and so she kept the onslaught up. Feeling him grow even bigger in her mouth, she sucked harder until the first spurt of his cum hit the back of her mouth. Sealing her sucking lips around his spurting cock, he pumped stream after stream of his cum into her mouth. Once he was done cumming, she sucked hard while easing her lips up off him. She didn't want to lose a single drop. Sitting up and facing Mike she made sure that he watched her swallow his load. He surprised the hell out of her after she had his cum all swallowed. Mike pulled her to him and kissed her deeply, something she had not expected, but admired. CJ knew she had to vacate now, or she'd end up spending the rest of the day.

Picking up her clothes, she stayed next to the bed and dressed. There was both excitement and anxiety in the air as he watched her dress. He didn't bother with clothes instead he lay naked watching her. If he noticed, he didn't say anything about her not putting her panties back on. All dressed and ready to walk out, CJ leaned over picking her panties off the floor. Reaching over the bed and dropping them on his cock, with devilish grin on her face.

"I have to go; I've already been here longer than I expected. The sleep and all. You can keep those if you want, kind of a trophy I guess."

As CJ turned to leave Mike left the bed holding his 'trophy' in hand, bring them up to his nose, sniffing them deeply. She laughed. His second surprise made her laugh even harder. Sitting back on the bed he pulled her panties on, almost tearing them in doing so, but he got them on. CJ had tears in her eyes from laughing so hard. The outline of his big cock in them made her juices leak out of her horny pussy. If she didn't leave now things could turn out bad for her at home. Heading out the door Mike was a step behind her.

"Are you interested in cleaning my house on Fridays? I do need someone, and because you know the lay out now, you would be a shoe in."

CJ was about to respond when she seen a picture sitting on a table. Hesitating to get a better look, Mike picked up on what she was looking at. The picture was of him and his twin brother Matt. Mike picked it up and handed it to her.

"It's me and my twin brother, Matt. Were the same age...I'm older by a minute" he said.

"No shit, if you're twins you're the same age. You're identical right?" She asked.

"Not exactly, there's, three distinct features that separate us. His eyes are hazel, his hair is grayer than mine, and his dick is bigger than mine. I know because we use to shower together after track years ago."

CJ tried to hide her enthusiasm, but it didn't work. Mike raised his eyebrows when she grinned and trembled a little. 

"Does he ever come see you? She asked.

"Once, a couple of months ago, before it got cold. We try to get together every few months and catch up. He lives in Texas so it takes some effort. Would you want to meet him?"

"Yeah, sure if he gets a chance to come up here and see you. That is if you want me to and things work out. Yeah, I'd like that very much."

"Well, we could double team you, you know. Wouldn't be the first time we fucked the same woman at the same time. We did it a few times during college, when we could find a willing partner. You know one in the pussy and one in the mouth, or ass your call on that."

CJ's body, give her away like a confidential informant. Her pussy juices leaked into the crotch of her jeans. She could feel the wetness, as her nipples hardened right before Mike's eyes. She knew that if he looked, he would see the wet spot developing in the crotch of her jeans, she couldn't help it and he did look. CJ felt her temperature rise as her face flushed. Mike took her hand and pulled her towards the kitchen, wearing just her panties, she laughed again. He started talking over his shoulder.

"You want the cleaning job? It would be every Friday and it pays a hundred a week. You may have to cook for me once in a while, but I'm simple so nothing crazy. It would be an all day job, cash at the end of the day, and no laundry, but windows when it's warm enough. If you want I can get you a uniform to wear."

"You're serious about this aren't you?" She was having a problem taking him serious while he was wearing her panties.

"Yeah, I need a woman's touch around here and who better than you. If you want more money, that's negotiable, as are the services you provide. Money talks, bull shit walks." He said with devilish grin on his face.

"Mike, I don't know. I would love to do it, but I have to confess, it scares me a little. I'm not talking about my husband, its other things."

"CJ, you don't have to do anything to you that you don't want to do. Its house cleaning for money, what's wrong with that?"

"I know, but I'm afraid I don't trust myself, OK. Mike I'm forty-two years old and a few minutes ago I did something I've never done before in my life. When I swallowed that load a little bit ago, I had never done that before. I liked it, I'm glad I did it, but I'm scared I'll end up doing other things."

"What other things? Like I said, what you do is up to you. I'm not going to rape you each week."

"Mike, you can't rape the willing. You talked about you and your brother with one woman. I've never done that either, Mike I've never had anal sex before and I not ready to try it. I'm just not sure about myself."

"OK, CJ you clean, no sex, period. You come over clean and you go home."

"Like that's going to happen, you fucked me with that big dick of yours and I'm hooked. You deny me and I'd go nuts knowing it's here, but I can't have it."

"But you can have it, just come over take your clothes off and we'll fuck, we get done and then you clean, that simple."

"Damn you, you make it sound so simple but it's not and I...oh hell...I'll try it, it's not like I'm going to lose my virginity before prom night. I'm going to trust you. You have my best interest at heart don't you?"

Mike picked up a note pad and pencil. Wrote his phone number down, give it to her and told her to call him early next week with her answer. Either way he would like to remain friends. He knew that might be a little difficult to do, but they could try. If she wanted the job it was hers, no strings attached. CJ left, giggling about him wearing her panties, but still very impressed with his package.

All weekend, every chance she got CJ looked over to Mikes house. It was cold out and so she didn't see him, or any sign of him. Sunday evening she dressed up to arouse Mark, she was horny again. This time it worked, and they had sex. It was just as disappointing as before and left her more frustrated than before.

By noon Monday, her mind was made up. Just before leaving to go home she called Mike to tell him she would clean for him on Friday. They would talk then while she did her job, she told him to leave things for her to do. He said he would leave everything that she was going to earn her money. CJ casually mentioned to Mark that she was going to clean the old guy's house across the street on her days off. Just to help the old guy out. He asked how she found out he needed help. He posted a request at the hospital asking for help. Mark shrugged it off and told her it was OK with him, before he went off to work on his garage's books.

For the next three days CJ couldn't get her head around her work. Mike was on her mind a lot more than she would have liked. There were a so many unanswered questions. Mark had given her his OK to clean for Mike, little did he know and what if he found out? Every time she thought she should just let go and forget about Mike, she would think about his big cock. Thursday after work CJ pulled in her drive way and saw a package was next to the garage door. Driving past it and into the garage, she went back and picked it up. Addressed to her with a return address of Ultimate Uniforms, Mike had said he would get her a uniform to wear. She smiled, he was maybe serious about her doing work.

In the house CJ went about her normal routine, when done she decide to check out her uniform. There was so little of it and at first she was a little upset. As she held it up and looked at it a smile came to her beautiful face. Her uniform was one of a teasing school girl. A white sleeveless top that would barely hold her tits, bare midriff, a red pad skirt that would not cover her ass, a very small panties that she knew her ass crack would absorb. The moisture and heat in her pussy increased dramatically. Just thinking of walking around and bending over in front of Mike in this little outfit made her feel slutty. Heading for the bedroom, CJ realized she would need stilettos or come fuck me pumps, black. On the top shelf she found them, black four inch pumps. Mike wanted teased, she tease the hell out of him.

Mark got home, they ate supper and then CJ went to take a bubble bath and shave, everything. Done prepping for the next day, CJ went to bed early, telling Mark she was extremely tired for some reason. Alone in bed, she couldn't help but to play with her smooth hairless mound a little. For the first time, her fingers explored her little asshole for pleasure, not cleanliness. She liked it, actually more than she thought she would. Mike's big cock filled her head with arousing thoughts. The desire to fantasize and masturbate was dissipated when Mark came to bed early also. A goodnight kiss, nothing, he just faced away from her and went to sleep. CJ finally fell into slumber, wet and horny as hell.

She slept in until after eight the next morning. Jumping out of bed and heading for the shower. Mark was already gone and she was pissed at herself for not getting up and getting ready on time. The more she thought about it, they hadn't set a time. Taking a long hot shower eased some of the tensions, anxieties of about what she was getting herself all primed up for. A shopping bag containing her 'uniform' and pumps and a carrier of cleaning supplies she proceeded to Mike's house, stomach full of butterflies.

He opened the front door just as she was about to knock. T-shirt, shorts and moccasins was it, other than tanned muscles, a smile and those mesmerizing blue eyes. Twenty-five degrees warmer than their last day together, CJ's nipples were instantly protruding long and hard into her shirt. "Do come in CJ, I just happen to look out and see you in the driveway." Easing past him and into an immaculately clean living room, she knew she had been set up. Sitting her things on the coffee table she turned and glared at him. "You cleaned the house. I'm supposed to that Mike. So now all we're going to do today is look at each other?" She asked. "You're only looking at one room, woman, got to keep up appearances if someone shows up. The rest of the house is a fucking mess." Her coat removed; disappointment shown on his face, no uniform. CJ didn't miss a beat, picking up her sack of tease. "I'll look at the rest as soon as I'm changed." And away she went putting a lot of motion in her ass movement.

Screeching as she entered the bedroom. "Mike, what the hell happened in here?" The room looked like hers when she was a defiant teenager. Disarray was a kind word, to say the least. "Oh, that, well I had company yesterday and last night. I knew you were coming today so I said fuck it." Turning to him she shook her head. "Jesus, who won, because there must have been a fucking war going on?" she said. She turned her back towards him. Wrapping his arms around her from behind, he cupped her big pointy tits in his hands and squeezing her nipples. "I did, fucked the shit out of both of them, they got in a fight over who was going lick my asshole and who got so suck the cum out of my balls." CJ's face turned red and she spun around in his arms, only to find shit eating grin on his face. She flushed with embarrassment.

Trying her best pound Mike's chest with her fist, he held her tight and kissed her with more passion than she could ever remember. "You're an asshole you know that?" Their lips separated. "Yep and speaking of which." He was running his long fingers between the cheeks of her ass, through her jeans. CJ had always kept that area off limits to anything other than soap and toilet paper. His finger give her the same thrill as she give herself the night before, but couldn't let him know that. "Oh no you don't you sex maniac, that's exit only, buster." "We'll see." He said. CJ thought about how big Mike's cock was and how he filled her pussy so full. No way was she going to let him or anyone else close to her little pink opening, or at least no yet. Reaching back she pulled his fingers from between her ass cheeks. Seconds later she wished she hadn't done that just yet, his little massage felt pretty good after all.

"Get you butt out of here mister, I've got a lot of work to do in here, and you're nothing but a distraction, so move it."

Still playing with her nipples he gave them a good squeeze and she moaned deeply before smacking his hands. Letting her go and stepping around her, he went to the far side of the room and started picking things up and putting them away. Watching him closely, in a few seconds it dawned on her. The sneaky shit had staged everything in the room. He had simply dropped clean clothes around on purpose. "Your ass is in trouble for this, you know that don't you." She said. "Well, you wanted something to do, get your ass dressed or undress and help me. Dropping a pair of socks back on the floor, he laid back on the bed, looking at her upside down. "I'm going to watch you put your uniform on woman. I need to make sure it fits properly and that you wear it correctly." CJ just laughed. "Yeah, right you dirty old man." Regret filled her thoughts immediately, and he could see it. Rolling over, he looked into her beautiful brown eyes. "You are correct CJ, I am an old man, but I can still fuck you like I don't think you have ever been fucked before. Am I right?" 

CJ dropped the items she had picked up and walked around to Mike's side as he rolled over watching her. Dropping to her knees and pushing his long tanned legs apart. Seconds later she had is big dick in her hand and was licking at its big round head. CJ could feel her pussy juices leaking into her panties as she sucked as much of his dick into her mouth as she could get. Mike now had her hair wrapped in his finger as he guided her head down and his hips up. He fucked her mouth as aggressively as she sucked his dick. They both knew he wouldn't last long going at each other like this and Mike made the decision, pulling CJ up off his dick. Pulling against him, she tried to get her mouth back on his dick.

"No CJ, you did that the last time and as much as I enjoyed it, it's not happening this time, not yet anyway. Change your clothes, we got a kitchen to clean up, and I want to see your beautiful ass in that uniform." 

Mike was up off the bed zipping up his shorts as CJ was getting up off the floor. Her head full of lust and her body wanting sex, she reluctantly changed into her 'uniform'. Tying the blouse tight, pushing her big tits up and out, her hard nipples clearly visible. The tiny skirt covered nothing, the thong she purposely pulled between her oozing pussy lips, in her pumps and to the kitchen she went. 

Down the hall half way she caught a glimpse of her attire in the hall mirror; stopping she took a good look. Old memories surfaced, she used to dress sexy for Mark, and he'd fuck the hell out of her for it and she loved it. Gazing in to the mirror, CJ pinched and pulled her nipples, hard, making them standout even more. The dormant slut in her rose to the surface, her perspective changed, she needed this.

She walked in to the living room, as different person. Right up to Mike's chair, putting her foot up on its arm. "Does your personal slut look appropriate enough to clean your house SIR?"

Mike's expression was priceless to her. He looked at her black pump, up her creamy smooth leg to her shaved pussy and smiled even more. CJ looked incredible and she wanted him to approve of her attire. Eventually getting past her pussy to her smooth belly, those big tits with large hard nipple to her sweet beautiful smile, fuck yes she looked appropriate. Mike reached between her legs, rubbing the back of his hand over her pussy lips, her juices leaked on to it. To her disappointment he moved it, but when he licked her juices off his hand, she shivered. Done licking, he stuck his middle finger deep into her very wet pussy, wiggling it around. CJ spread even wider and started humping his finger, god she was wet. 
