 This is nothing more than fantasy fiction that I have created in my mind and is for your reading pleasure, hopefully. If this story resembles you or someone you know it is one hell of a coincidence. So either read on or not, your choice. If you leave comments, please be kind, as I am trying. This story cannot be duplicated in any way, without written permission from me. PS. Sorry it's been a long time coming. 4 will come soon I hope.

*****

Looking into CJ's half closed eyes filled with lust, Mike smiled. Her beautiful face distorted some as he wiggled his middle finger slightly. Moaning deeply she thought it would encourage him to probe deeper into her ass, as she slid down towards the digit. Her expression showed a little discomfort, yet her anal ring pulsed around his intruding finger. Mike hadn't yet determined which of them was enjoying this more. Teasing her even more, he pushed his finger slightly deeper while rotating it just a bit. CJ's anal ring stretched more and she groaned while closing her eyes tight. She started rocking to and fro thinking he would fuck her ass instead of just toying with her stretched and eager asshole. 

"OOHH FUCKING, hot damn Mike, it hurts a little, but it's a good hurt, I like it, no oh shit I fucking love it. Your finger feels amazing in there. I've never had a cock in that ass, yes my virgin ass, not yet, but I want yours in there please. I've only started playing in my butt recently. I like it and you're way beyond where I stopped. More please, deeper, I'm ready please finger me more." 

As he started moving his finger in and out slowly he felt her sensitive ass loosening a little more. Carefully making sure to go no deeper into her butt, he wasn't done teasing her just yet. Without any warning Mike pulled it from her asshole completely, he watched it close shut. CJ let out a low moan of disappoint; as she wiggled her ass trying to chase after his finger. 

"No, Oh shit Mike; don't take it out, damn it. Your finger felt good and I want more, so don't pull it out for Christ sake. Put it back damn you, I was enjoying it as much as you enjoyed doing it."

Teasingly he gently circled her now closed up hole with the pad of his finger. She in turn pushed her sensitive asshole against his finger trying her best to open up so he would continue this playing. This was new to her she enjoyed it and wanted him to continue. He was going to do just that, but he wanted to hear her ask for it, he knew she would eventually. 

"OOHH God Mike, do me some more, please, push it back in, please." 

He did, in as far as the second knuckle and stopped, rotating his finger slightly. 

"OOHH shit yes, I love it. Jesus Mike, I had no idea my asshole could make the rest of my body tingle all over. Please don't remove it again and you can go deeper, I love this, your finger feels amazing, it's the perfect size. I could cum from you stretching my little butthole. Do you want me to cum for you, I will, I'm close, I will cum hard as you finger fuck my married virgin asshole." 

Before she completed the 'married virgin asshole' he had pulled his finger from her ass. CJ's eyes quickly open.

"NO, NO, OH, damn you Michael. Please, don't stop, please Mike put your damn finger back in my ass, pllleeeaaassseee I'm begging you now, it that what you want you want me to beg you to finger fuck my ass. Please I'm begging you teasing shit. I was close, oh so close to cumming and you just fucking stopped, why?" 

He couldn't help but snicker. CJ had hinted she wanted him to play with her butt, she longed for it, she just didn't realize it would feel so good and so nasty at the time. Raising her ass off the chair she pleaded for him to return it to her ass. Bending forward he flicked her clit with his tongue before sucking on it hard, pulling it with his lips, rolling it around like piece of hard candy. Her long fingers entwined in his hair; she pulled him tight against her pussy as she ground his face and her wanton wet pussy together. Desperately she wanted another orgasm by any means possible. Releasing her clit; Mike moved down licking her drenched pussy lips a few times before going lower. With the tip of his tongue he teased her asshole, licking around it, teasing her before pushing more of his tongue into the wrinkled little orifice. After several second of probing her ass, he quickly moved up to her body to her mouth where he kissed her hard, offering her a taste her ass from his tongue. She responded by sucking his tongue and pulling it into her mouth. They kissed with a passion that she had not felt in a long while. Abruptly he stopped kissing her lips raised up kissing her forehead and stood without a word he turned and started walking away from her.

"Where are you going? Jesus Michael, you can't play with me like I'm a pet or something, get me all fucking worked up and ready to cum and then just walk away. Damn you come back here or you might just end up getting hurt." 

Her voice revealed her anger. Mike laughed as he got to the hallway. Turning he grinned at her. 

"I have to take a leak before we move on to more enjoyable things." 

CJ exited the chair in a hurry catching up to him quickly she wrapped him up in her arms, pressing her big tits into his back. 

"All is forgiven; go." 

She said pushing towards the bathroom. Stumbling along together down the hall laughing, acting like juveniles. She was walking in stride with him while playing with his cock as they entered the bathroom almost as one. 

"What are you doing you crazy ass woman?" 

Excitedly she said. "I want to help you pee. Well not pee, but I want to hold your dick while you do it." 

"I been doing this for years, what the hell makes you think I need help now?" 

Holding his dick firmly she started stroking him slowly. He was growing more with each stroke someday soon she'd ask him if she could jack him off until he cum for her. Mark never let her do shit like that to him. 

"Well, I've listened to Mark pee lots of times, but I've never really seen him do it, and well hell I'm curious. He's funny about personal shit like that." 

"Curious about what, hell it's no big deal, I just point it at the toilet and pee." 

He laughed. CJ was still stroking his cock and it was growing harder in her soft warm hand. 

"CJ damn it stop that." 

He slapped her hand. 

"I mean it, stop that, you get me hard and I won't be able to pee at all."

"Really, I didn't know that. See I've learned something from our little anatomy venture here." 

"Jesus, woman you're crazier than I though." She dug her nails into the sides of his hard dick. 

"OUCH, shit that hurt. Now you're going to have to kiss it and make it better." 

She giggled. "Oh, I'll kiss it all better as soon as you're done peeing." 

Holding his dick delicately now, CJ started pointing it up down and all around while making a very sorry sound like a siren. 

"Jesus woman, I haven't fucked you real good yet and your brains are already loose. He laughed. 

Mike thought about this goings on and realized that he hadn't this much fun in years with anyone. Finally he held her wrist in his hand and eased them towards the bath tub. 

"We're using the tub for target practice because your aim won't be for shit, and I don't want to have to clean up the mess you're going to make." 

Picking up on his move she followed his lead until they were at the shower/tub. He was concentrating on trying to pee when she was now playing with his balls with her other hand. 

"Damn CJ, this is bad enough you holding my dick, now leave my balls alone or we never will get my bladder emptied." 

As his stream started to flow, CJ raised up on her toes to kiss his neck whispering into his ear. "Thank you Mike this is one for my memoirs." 

He just shook his head and smiled. His too, he thought. Done peeing he told her to shake it a couple of time to get the last few drops out. "But if you shake it more than twice you're playing with it, or at least that's what I was told years ago." 

Instead of shaking his dick, CJ bent around him taking his now flaccid dick in her mouth. As she sucked him into her mouth, her first taste was some of his pee. As she swallowed it she realized it wasn't all that bad, but quickly she thought that her brazen act might turn Mike off. Soon he was growing hard in her mouth and she felt better. Seconds later his hand was on the back of her head and he slowly started fucking her mouth. He started getting more forceful and she relented more as used her mouth as he pleased. A minute or so later he stopped and said.

"Suck me CJ I love that hot mouth of yours." 

She did as his words encouraged her. She swallowed while pulling his ass towards her face forcing his hard dick into her throat until she gaged. His expanding dick closed off her air which was making her pussy even wetter if that were possible. She always loved sucking cock from the first time she ever did it and now she loved sucking Mike's especially when it grew hard in her mouth and eventually into her throat. The pleasure of her warm mouth sent Mike's knees a notice he eased them both towards the stool where he gently sat down. Never releasing his dick, CJ maneuvered around and was now bobbing up and down his rigid cock as her cheeks caved in around his dick. She was using everything she knew about sucking a cock to pleasure him. She worshiped his hard dick, licking it up and down, sucking just the head at times causing him to moan in approval. Eventually she looked up into his blue eyes as she attempted to get all of him deep into her mouth and throat. She gagged as tears formed in her eyes they slowly rolled down her cheeks. She wanted him to know she loved his big hard cock and that she would do almost anything for him. For the next several minutes CJ gave him her best blowjob skills she had, while gently playing with his semen filled balls. It's when he started talking to her; tell her she was a good slut a great cocksucker which was music to her ears. Her fingers slid deep into her pussy and shamelessly finger fucked herself to orgasm while sucking Mike's cock. Mark never talked during sex. Mike encouraged her with nasty talk because he picked up early on the fact that she liked it. She responded well to it and he liked the response. Soon he realized that it wasn't going take much more of her wonderful mouth before he would give her what she wanted, a mouth full of his cum. Now holding her beautiful face in his hands, reluctantly he pulled her sucking mouth up off his dick. CJ's face expressed her disappointment when. 

"Why won't you cum in my mouth, I want to taste and savor your cum, please, I'll do all the nasty fucking shit you just talked about, please."

"As much as I love your wonderful mouth and what you're doing to me, if you continue I'm going to end up cumming in your mouth." 

With a look of astonishment on her face. 

"Well no shit, Michael. The purpose of me sucking this beautiful dick is to get rewarded for my efforts. You want to tell me why you're going to deny me that pleasure?" 

Leaning down, he kissed her gently, before patting her cheek, and saying. 

"Several reasons you gorgeous sexy as hell woman. However the one that really counts is that I'm not twenty years old anymore, so I have to make my releases count." 

CJ leaned forward to retrieve his cock with her mouth again. With his hand on her forehead he gently pushed her away and stood up. Mike offered her his large hand helping her off the floor. Following her out the door he could help but to spank her round ass a couple of times. 

"OUCH, you fucking brute, keep your fucking hands to yourself or I'll call the sex police and report your ass." She felt the breeze from his hand as he took another swing at her ass just after she stepped ahead of him. "Missed me, you big brute!"

CJ jumped onto Mike's bed laughing and scurried to the headboard. Turning to face him she sat spreading her creamy thighs wide; displaying the wet fulfilled pussy between them. Her uniform wrinkled and in disarray, tits half out with no panties to hide her wetness. He stood in the doorway watching her, thinking how fucking lucky he was. CJ playfully covering her face with fingers spread wide. 

"Jesus you dirty old man, at least you could cover that hard cock before entering a girls room. You must be some kind of pervert or something?" She laughed. 

Teasingly she moved one hand to the shaved treasure between her legs, spreading her pussy lips wide before pushing a finger into herself. She was so wet from her orgasm her juices run down and over her asshole. Mike watched her intently while gently stroked his cock for both their pleasures. CJ scooted down some spreading her legs wider as she spread her juices around her asshole probing it slightly before pushing her finger deep into her leaking pussy, shortly she added a second finger as she openly finger fucked herself in front of him. 

"That's it baby, put on a show for me you slut. Show me what you do when you're alone, when you're in need to give that sweet pussy an orgasm. Tell me what kind of perverted sexual shit you fantasize about when you're alone and finger fucking that wonderful pussy to orgasm."

Removing her two wet fingers she put them in her mouth, provocatively sucking and licking them clean. 

"You are a dirty old pervert aren't you mister big dick, wanting to watch a woman do her most private thing, all the while making her reveal to you her deepest darkest sexual fantasies and secrets. Is that what gets your dick hard, as hard as it now." 

Her fingers went to her hard left nipple which she twisted hard as she pulled out. Quickly she was duplicating that same move on both her nipples, she loved it. He wasn't surprised, Mike knew she liked a little pain with her pleasure. Releasing her right nipple, CJ moved her hand to between her legs, where she spanked her open pussy hard several times moaning deep with each spank. As her fingers went back into her pussy he watched her rub her clit hard with her palm as she finger fucked her wet pussy. Slushing sounds filled the room announcing how wet she was while her moans told him she was enjoying this display immensely. Shamelessly CJ fingered her pussy harder and fast showing him that she would be his slut. Keeping eye contact she moaned while raising her ass off the bed thrusting her sloppy wet pussy in his direction. Panting hard while thrusting her fingers into pussy she looked into his eyes. 

"I fantasize that you'll make me do nasty, nasty, sexual things, things that I should be repulsed by, but would love simply because you made me do them. I fantasize that you'll fuck me out in public or in front of someone. Will you? Will you take me in front of a stranger or strangers? Showing them that I'm your bitch, your personal fuck meat, to do with as you please?" 

Her hand was like a blur, fingering herself fast and hard as she shamelessly watch him jacking off. 

"But Right now, I'm thinking about eating your cock cum out of another woman's pussy after you've made me watch you fuck the shit out of her. You want me to do that for you? After you fuck her, I eat her pussy clean of both your juices. You can make eat me after you fuck me and dump a load in me. She'll do that, she's fucking crazy as hell, and a sex maniac." 

To him that was a vision that he could get his mind around, a threesome with this woman and a friend of hers, a sex maniac no less. Stepping to the bed he clutched each of her ankles and pulled her to him. Spreading her legs wide opening her pussy lips at the same time, she was soaked. CJ's fingers never left her pussy as she openly masturbated for him. 

"Taste," she asked? 

Holding her wet hand up for him, he did just that making production of sucking each finger clean of her tasty juices. Reclining back CJ pressed his cock against his belly with her toes as she started jacking him off with her foot. Standing still he let her pleasure him for a minute before gripping her ankles again. Bending her knees up to her big tits, he eased onto the bed between her spread thighs. His hard cock resting on her mound, she squirmed in his grasp trying to get his big dick to enter the hot juicy pussy. Teasing her, he pushed himself hard against her clit rubbing it, she gasped before she started begging. 

"Jesus Mike, please just fuck me, please stick your hard fucking cock in me. I need it in me deep, deep and hard as hard as you want, just fuck me. Fuck my pussy like you own it. You do own it, use it anyway you want, but please for God's sake do it now." 

His big cock firmly in her grasp, she tried pulling him into her pussy. Slowly he eased forward until his cock pushed her wet pussy lips apart, CJ pulled him harder and moaned louder. 

"Fuck me, Sir." She pleaded. 

He pushed into her body in one long slow steady movement until he reached her cervix. While she wanted him in her pussy, this was almost too much too quick as she felt her pussy stretching to accommodate him. She wasn't going to complain in fact she moaned and begged him for all of his huge cock. 

"Fuck yes, OOHH fuck yes, that's what I want."

He pulled out just a bit and then pushed back into her fast hard and deep bottoming out inside her. After a few of these CJ got her legs around him, pulling him back into her after he had pulled mostly out, trying to get him to fuck her faster and harder. They were in a struggle with each other. Her wanting his dick harder, him wanting it to make it last longer to savor the feeling of her warmth and wet pussy. Finally he looked down at her wanton face. 

"Beg me more CJ, beg me to fuck you hard and fast, beg for it "bitch". 

The "bitch" went from her ears directly to her swollen clit and her wet pussy. 

"Yes Sir, I'm your fucking wanton "bitch". Please Sir, fuck your "bitch" anyway you want. Fuck your pussy hard and fast, slow and easy, but please Sir, just fuck me, OOOHHH shit, shit, shit, fuck me." 

CJ had never talked dirty to Mark before, but begging Mike and talking nasty pushed her deeper into sexual bliss. She continued, begging, pleading as Mike now fucked her like she wanted it hard, deep and fast. Sweat was dripping off his chin. CJ opened her mouth and caught the droplets as he pounded into her body. The few minutes of getting pounded like a sex slave seemed like hours. He fucked her like she had never been fucked before, knowing it couldn't last long because Mike couldn't last and that she couldn't take it. 

As their torrid rhythm of fucking decreased CJ moved out of the zone she had entered. The mind altering orgasm she had had subsided slightly when she felt him pump his cum into her. Never had she cum like this, so hard so completely from any kind of sexual act in the past and just as Mike was pump her full of his hot cum. For time her world seemed too have stopped, it was as if she were suspended in one long orgasm. As she was returning to reality, Mike was kissing her, she returned his kiss with as much passion as she could muster, CJ was spent. Mike lay down on top of her heaving chest as he tried to get his own lungs filled with life giving oxygen again. CJ wrapped her arms around his body, holding him to her relishing what they had just shared. Her thoughts wondering to the future, would they be able to repeat this bliss again? If so, how many times and what would it take to get them there when suddenly she thought fuck it, enjoy it for what it is right now and hope it happens again. Mike raised his head and kissed her. Yeah she thought fuck it.

When Mike rolled off her sweaty body, she felt the cool air but that feeling disappeared quickly when he pulled her close to him and into his strong arms. CJ snuggled in close so she could feel his naked body. 

"So, CJ tell me about this woman you want me to ravish in front of you, only to then instruct you stick this beautiful face between her legs and have you clean our mixed body fluids from her used pussy." 
