 Kellie and I had been neighbors for the last seventeen years; even though there had been almost ten years between us, we had become close friends within the last year or so after her parents had died and she'd gotten their house. Before that, she'd just been a pesky kid that had driven me nuts over the years prior to our friendship.

For being only twenty-five, Kellie was very mature for her age, not to mention growing up from a shy, chubby little girl I had met all those years ago to one voluptuous, sexy young woman. 

At least I thought so, but I love my women with a little meat--no size 5 skeletons for me.

To the casual observer, Kellie seemed to have the world at her feet, but her luck with men seemed not so stellar. 

Still, we would laugh about her dates from hell and would often go places together in between, of course, just as good friends.

But one night would stand out forever.

I had been up late when I heard Kellie come home from yet another date; the door had slammed, which gave me the indication that this latest venture of hers hadn't worked out either. 

I picked up the phone and dialed her number. "So buddy, how did it go?"

She sounded as if she was ready to cry. "Oh, London," she complained. "What is wrong with me? Why do I always get the losers? It's nights like this I wish I had been a lesbian."

"No you don't, kiddo," I teased, trying to lighten her mood. "You love looking at us guys too much. You think I don't see you checking out their asses?"

"You are terrible!" she managed to giggle. "Can you come over? I could use some good company."

"Now there is an offer I can't refuse. I'm always ready to keep a good buddy company."

I had been naked in bed, but now I got up and pulled on a pair of shorts, not even bothering with underwear or shoes. It was just Kellie, after all, and she'd seen me like this before.

"Hey, girlie," I grinned when she answered the door.

She had changed into a nightshirt and though she had panties on, I could see that her full, 34D tits were braless. 

Kellie brought us sodas, and we sat on the couch for awhile and chatted about her evening. By the time she'd finished the recap, both of us were howling with laughter.

Then she got quiet.

"Something wrong?" I finally asked after a few minutes of silence.

"London," she began. "People think since my folks passed, I have everything. But there is one thing missing that I always wanted."

"Sure, the right man," I nodded. "You're a beautiful lady, Kellie. You're still young and will meet the right guy."

"It's not just that," she sighed. "What I really want the most is to have a child of my own. I don't care about a guy, really. You know....just have sex so I can get pregnant. The guy wouldn't even have to be involved with me or my baby."

"Wait," I said. "You want to find a guy to fuck so you can get knocked up?"

"Well, my dating and relationship record is nothing to brag about," she said. "So why not just find...well, basically, a stud?"

"Wow....that's the first I've heard a woman say that."

Kellie placed her hand on my leg. "London," she asked. "Would you do me a favor?"

"What?"

"I want you to fuck me. You know, just a friendly sex thing."

"And get you pregnant."

"That too. Would you? You're a good looking man. That facial hair you grew out makes you look darker and sexier. I've always been...attracted to you a little, but now I'm like 'wow.' I've also noticed that you have a little bounce in your booty, and it looks like you aren't lacking in the package area either."

"You've been looking at MY ass too?!"

"You have a great body. I think if you got me pregnant, I'd have one beautiful child!"

Kellie's hand had gone from my leg and moved up to my crotch, which she stroked gently.

"Oooh, and you aren't wearing any underwear," she purred as I began to grow aroused under her touch. "You know, it's been awhile since I slept with a man."

I got up and peeled off my shorts in front of her, showing I was indeed naked underneath.

"I can make it worth your while, baby" I said, displaying my full erection before her.

Wordlessly, Kellie came over to me, knelt down and took my entire cock into her mouth, starting to suck me as I groaned with pleasure above her.

She then dipped her head down to lick my balls before running her tongue under my shaft and licking the head round and round.

Holy shit, this woman certainly knew how to give a good blow job!

Suddenly, my cock was back in her mouth and practically down her throat, Kellie sucking it like an expert. 

I knew if I let her keep this up, I would cum before I was ready to.

Hesitantly, I pulled her off my still-hard cock before she stood up and flung off her nightshirt and panties.

"I think I'm ready to fuck now," she purred sexily.

"So how do you want it first, baby?" I asked.

Kellie climbed back on the couch face down and her rounded ass in the air. "Fuck me doggy, London."

Wanting to get her really hot, I buried my face in her shaved cunt from behind, tongue fucking her until her orgasm began to ripen and she exploded.

I knew she had finished cumming when she panted, "You can really make a woman cum! God, London, I never had a man make me have that kind of orgasm."

"I got something else that will give you a good orgasm too," I leered, getting up and giving my cock a few strokes. I then pressed the tip of my cock just inside of her pussy.

"Mmmmm," she teased. "I like that. You going to give your Kellie a little more? Are you going to fuck me good with that nice big dick and get me pregnant?"

"Oh baby, I will be happy to oblige," I growled before sliding my manhood slowly into her.

"Yes!" she cried as I began to pump in and out of her, grabbing her hips for leverage. "London, fuck me!"

As I continued pounding her pussy harder, Kellie screeched at me to fuck her deeper, harder, faster. 

Grabbing her ass cheeks, I then plunged my cock all the way to the balls into her, fucking Kellie like she would be the last woman I would see in my life.

"Oh fuck!" she screeched. "Come on, London, do it to me good!"

God, did she have a tight pussy; but given my sexual experience with women of size, I had yet to encounter one that didn't, and the tightness of Kellie's own cunt had turned me on even more.

I sped up the assault on her from behind, speeding up the tempo even more, both of us enjoying every moment.

"You love this, don't you, baby?" I panted, not missing a stroke.

"London...ooh..it feels so good...I haven't been fucked for so long...."

"God, I never knew you were such a hot woman...."

Kellie came again, and this time, it seemed to take an eternity to come down from her orgasm. Once she had, she pulled forward, my cock sliding out of her, and crawled forward a little.

"What's the matter, baby?" I asked, totally lost. "Did I hurt you?"

She rolled over. "No. I'm ready for another position, lover boy. Think you can handle more of this tight pussy?"

"Mmmmmmmmm," I groaned. "Only if you ride my cock, sweet stuff."

"You like a woman on top?" she asked, a look of pure lust on her face.

"Ride me, baby. Let me feel that tight little pussy ride my cock."

It didn't take long for her to climb on me and straddle my hips, lowering her full, sexy body on me and bounced up and down on my cock. I was in pure heaven

"Oh God that feels so fucking good!" I hissed, bucking up my hips to meet hers. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh..." Kellie moaned. "Your cock feels so good inside me, London."

She began to cum again; riding me even harder right through her orgasm until she came down from it.

My cock still inside her, I rolled over until I was on top of Kellie, putting her legs on my shoulders and fucking her the old fashioned way. Her moans grew louder with each stroke I had slamming in and out of her pussy.

"Fuck me, London. Fuck me harder," she ordered.

"You sexy bitch," I panted. "You are so fucking hot! I'll fuck you real good, baby. I'll fuck you so well, you'll beg for more!"

With every dirty word she hissed and cried under me, I sped up the pace even more, soon feeling heat rising in my balls and ready to shoot those baby makers into her at any given moment.

"I'm going to cum, Kellie," I said, speeding up the strokes in and out of her as I hard as I could while I grasped her ankles tighter. "Are you sure you want this?"

"Yes!" she cried. "Please cum in me....get me pregnant, London."

Within minutes, once I had felt one last orgasm from Kellie, streams of white-hot semen let loose deep inside of her beautiful pussy until my cock was completely empty. 

My now-soft dick still inside her, I let go of Kellie's legs and leaned down to kiss her, our tongues dancing together.

"God, London," she panted once we broke the kiss. "That was great! You were right; you did make it worth my while."

"Only doing a friend a favor," I grinned. "So did we make a baby or do you want me to hang around tonight just in case we need to try again?"

"Mmmm," she said, stroking my limp cock again. "Maybe you should spend the night just to make sure the deed has been done."

We would have sex twice more that night. 

Nine months later, I was with Kellie when she delivered our beautiful, eight-pound daughter, Winter. 

Even though the initial plan had been for me to be nothing more than a sperm donor of sorts for Kellie to have the child she wanted, our relationship grew during her pregnancy and I couldn't pass up being in my little girl's life after Winter was born.

And next month, Kellie and I are getting married. Who knew that doing a favor for a friend would have such great rewards?