 He was sitting at the bar of the club when I went to get myself a drink. He had a serious but kind face, with grey eyes that looked a little sad, a slightly overlarge nose, and lips that were a little thin. Cute, but not gorgeous. He was wearing a suit and I thought to myself that he was just another out-of-town businessman looking for a girl to pick up. He tried to strike up a conversation but I was offhand with him. Then, strangely, he said what I was thinking:

"Look, I know you think I'm trying to pick you up, but, honestly, I really am interested in finding out more about your city. My buddy and I are gonna be working here for about six months, and we wanna find out more about life here."

As if on cue, his buddy came back from wherever he'd been and confirmed it. I've always been a sucker for helping people, so I invited them over to our table. I was slightly ashamed to realise that they really were interested in finding out more about our city, what to do, where to live, how to live. As the evening wore on and we drank a little more, the conversation flowed more freely and I found myself really liking this guy with his unpretentious manner and his genuine smile.

Some salsa music started playing and he stood up and asked who would dance with him. My friend, who takes classes, accompanied him onto the dance floor. His buddy told me my serious-faced man also took classes. It showed. He moved with assurance, making his partner go just where he wanted, moving her body in sync with his. As I watched them turn and sway with the music, I could feel myself becoming aroused. I knew I wanted him.

He sat back down next to me and I put my hand on his thigh and leaned towards his ear. "Come outside with me."

He turned his head to look at me and his forehead creased in the middle. "Why?" he asked.

"Please?" I replied.

I stood up, bent over to tell my roommate I was leaving and walked off to get my coat, without looking back. As I pushed open the door of the club, I felt him come up behind me and take the weight of the door from my arm.

Outside in the crisp autumn air, he asked me where we were going.

"Well," I said, still striding down the street, "I was sort of thinking we could go back to your hotel and have a night of wild sex."

"Wow!" he exclaimed. "That's some offer!"

He seemed undecided though, so I thought maybe I'd made a fool of myself. "Look, maybe this was a bad idea, forget it. I'll just get a taxi and go home."

"Hey! Stop!", he said, grabbing my arm.

I stopped and looked into his eyes. His forehead was creased again and his grey eyes were searching mine. I put my hand up to his chest and pushed him forcefully against the wall of the building that lined the street, then pressed my body up against him and kissed him. His mouth opened to mine and his tongue flicked out and caressed mine. Our lips crushed together and our tongues rolled around each other. I felt his hand on the back of my neck, his fingers gripping me hard. His other hand was on the small of my back, pushing me against him. Our breathing came quickly and a shiver ran down from my tongue, behind my navel to my pussy.

Then suddenly he put his hands on my shoulders and pushed me away gently. He looked down at me, still frowning, "I don't think this is a good idea."

I tilted my head to the side and waited.

"Don't get me wrong," he hastened, "you're hot as hell...." He paused, seemingly unsure of whether he should continue. "I really like you - but in my experience, wild sex never makes for lasting relationships. I don't wanna screw this up."

I nodded, "Okay. Walk me back to your hotel and I'll get a cab from there."

We strode the couple of blocks to his hotel, not really speaking. When we got there, I told him to invite me up to his room so we could talk.

He laughed and shook his head, "You don't take no for an answer, do you?".

I shrugged, "Life's too short to fuck about. Carpe diem and all that."

In his room, he poured us whiskies from the minibar and we sat in the two chairs facing each other. I stretched my legs out and caressed his ankle with my booted foot. My short dress had ridden up exposing the lacy tops of my hold-up-on-their-own stockings.

"So, tell me again why you think wild sex is a bad idea," I challenged.

He smiled, showing perfect teeth. "I don't think wild sex is a bad idea," he said, "it's just that I'd like to get to know you better. My life's a little complicated, right now. I can't help thinking that if we do this now, that'll be it, we'll just be those two ships passing in the night. I don't think I want that. You know I'm coming back here; there could be more - a future." 

I sighed with frustration. Since when had it been this difficult to get a guy into bed?

I stood up and bent over him, bringing my face close to his, and my hand to his cheek. "Hey," I said softly, "maybe there is a future in this, but unless we grab the moment now, we may never know. You're gonna go back to your city at the end of the weekend, and maybe you'll look me up when you get back here for work. But maybe you won't. 

"You're thinking about the future - fine. I know what I want in the future, but I also know what I want now. I want you. We can take the future one day at a time."

I kissed him deeply and felt his hands on my waist then around my buttocks. His touch made my insides squirm and I could feel my juices seeping into my panties.

I pulled away and pulled him up to standing, pressing against him, feeling his cock jerk upwards and push at the front of his pants. "How do you want us to get to know each other?" I whispered. "We can do this any way you want," I told him as I gently bit his lower then upper lips.

"What are my options?" he croaked.

"Well, we could go fast and furious," I said as I began to unbutton his shirt, "slow but sensual," as my fingers wrestled with the button near his belt, "down and dirty," as I started to pull the shirt from his pants, "or... romantic but raunchy. You choose."

I ran my hand under his shirt, feeling the muscles in his back, running my finger up that little gulley that marked his spine. I could feel him swelling, pushing against my belly.

"You have a way with words," he whispered.

"Hey, I'm a writer, remember? So what's it to be?" I questioned again as I ran my tongue over his collarbone.

He swallowed. "I think I'll go for romantic but raunchy, though I'm not sure what that means." 

"Don't worry, I'll show you," I said as I pushed the shirt from his shoulders. I led him towards the bed then turned and faced him. "This is about getting to know each other better, remember?" I reminded him.

I started to kiss and lick his chest and shoulders, biting into the muscle. I ran my tongue around each of his nipples in turn and teased them with my teeth. As my hands slid down his sides, my lips and tongue slid down his torso, and my still-clothed chest bumped into his erection trying to push through the front of his pants.

I stood up and ran my hand around his waist as I circled him to work on his back. It was nicely muscled but not overly so. His shoulders weren't broad but gently sloping. I caressed his shoulder blades and ran my thumbs, then my tongue, down his spine. Then I pressed myself against him, crushing my chest against his back as I slid my hands round to the front of his waist and started to unbuckle his belt. I pulled the waistband to the middle to undo the catch and slowly slid the zipper. I felt his hardness spring up to the middle, and I teasingly ran my finger down the fabric-covered shaft, feeling his buttocks contract against my belly and hearing his sharp intake of breath.

I ran my hands back around his waist and pushed them down the top of his pants, inside the waistband of his shorts to cup his buttocks. I squeezed, digging my nails into the softest part, which contracted against my touch.

I moved my hands round to the front again inside his shorts, pressing my fingers on either side of his pubic bone, moving my hands up to the waistband and pulling out and down so his cock was freed. In one swift movement, I pulled his pants and shorts down, then tugged on his shoes so he lifted his feet out, (thank God he wasn't wearing lace-ups), and whipped off his socks as he raised each foot.

I stood up, kicked his clothing to the side, and turned him around by the shoulders. I ran my gaze and my index finger from his now dilated eyes, down his nose, over his lips, his chin, his collarbone, his chest with its little tuft in the middle, his abdomen and his navel, till I alighted on his proud cock with its shiny head.

"Hello," I said. "Pleased to meet you." And I put my thumb on the dewdrop on the tip and rubbed the juice around the head. Putting my hand flat against his chest, I pushed him firmly back onto the bed.

He propped himself on to his elbows and watched me as I brought my arms mid-thigh, grabbed the bottom of my dress and pulled it over my head. Looking at him lying there on the bed, his cock standing to attention, his slightly-sad grey eyes looking hungry, I felt the inside of my pussy ache and wanted to just whip off my panties and get him inside me. But no. Not yet.

I stepped forward and knelt between his knees, bringing my head level with the bed. I looked into his eyes as I gently licked his balls, up the underside of his shaft and round its head. I wanted to take him in my mouth, and his closed eyes showed me he was anticipating that. But instead I pushed myself up off my knees, licked down the other side, caressed its length with my ample cleavage and lay on top of him to kiss him.

"I know you pretty well now," I breathed as I caressed the rim of his ear with my tongue and nibbled his lobe, "your turn."

***

He turned his head towards my mouth, gripped the back of my neck and kissed me hard, taking my breath away. He rolled me over so I was on my back and set his lips and tongue to work on my neck. My breath was coming hard and fast and I moaned as he breathed into my ear, sending a shiver through my body, causing me to arch my back, and sending more juices flowing into my already sopping knickers.

Suddenly his weight lifted from me and he flipped me onto my front. I raised my arms above my head, gripping the sheets as I felt him undo my bra and rub his hands all over my back and down my sides. The touch of his tongue running down my spine, his teeth on the side of my waist were making me whimper and press my pelvis into the mattress.

I felt his fingertips pulling gently on the top of my panties and I raised my buttocks slightly so he could pull them over my ass. It proved a little tricky getting them over my lacy stocking tops and knee-high boots, but he managed. Not looking at what he was doing was building anticipation inside me. My heart was thumping against my chest. My insides were contracting. Then I felt his tongue slide between my buttocks, over my anus and right to the entrance of my love hole. I lifted my buttocks again, inviting him in and his tongue darted forward obligingly two or three times, earning him a mouthful of sticky juices that surged forth again from my body as I groaned with pleasure.

Then I felt his teeth in my buttock as he sucked my flesh into his mouth. The mixture of frustrated anticipation, (that would teach me to be a tease), and the new, slightly painful sensation made me gasp and grip the sheets frantically. Then he flipped me onto my back again and I opened my eyes as he pulled off my bra.

His legs were straddling mine, and he lowered himself towards me, pushing his cock between the tops of my thighs, sliding the lips of my pussy apart, sending jolts of pleasure through my body as his shaft passed over my clitoris. I tried to open my legs but his knees kept them together. His hands pushed my tits together and his fingertips rolled my nipples between them, connecting them to my clitoris by some invisible energy net. His shaft slid easily up and down, up and down, as it became coated in my juices, rubbing my clit and my inner lips, making me writhe and moan, and push more juices from my swollen pussy. His serious face looked into my eyes as I bit my lower lip and my shoulders lifted from the bed with the contractions of my stomach and pelvic muscles.

"You're beautiful," he whispered as I came, white light exploding behind my eyes and electricity pulsing through my body.

He'd stopped moving and was tonguing and sucking on my nipple as I lay there panting.

"Oh God," I breathed. "Oh God, that was amazing." He looked at me and smiled. His grey eyes no longer seemed sad, but bright with lust. "Fuck me," I whispered.

He pushed himself up and used his knee to push my legs apart. Settling between them, he ran his hand under my buttock pulling my stockinged and booted leg up to his shoulder. I might have started out dominating the situation, but it was he who was well and truly in control now. The thought was electrifying and my body was shuddering in anticipation.

"Guide me in," he murmured.

I reached my hand down and caressed the length of his shaft, holding it just below the head between my index and middle finger. I made the most of the opportunity to rub my clit a couple of times, then slide him down through my inner lips to the entrance of my aching, swollen pussy. He started to push and I let go as he slid his hard length into my wetness. As he pushed against my cervix, he groaned, and I couldn't stop myself from moaning loudly.

I looked down to where our bodies met and watched his hips sway rhythmically and his cock, glistening with my fluids, slide slowly in to the hilt and slowly out to just below the head. He moaned with each inward stroke, and I did too. Just as when he danced, his eyes fixed mine. There wasn't much I could do in this position, but like when he danced, he made me go where he wanted, pressing against my raised thigh so I moved in rhythm with him.

"Move down slightly," I gasped, and he obliged, stroking my g-spot better.

I ran my hands through my hair, kneaded my breasts and gripped the sheets, all the while staring into his large grey eyes. I bit my lower lip as he began to stroke more quickly, his balls slapping against me, and alternately contracted and expanded my vaginal muscles.

"Harder!" I ordered through my panting, and he rammed his swelling member against my cervix once, twice, three, four times while I pushed the walls of my canal against his hardness until I came, gushing over his groin and squealing with ecstasy. His eyes widened in surprise and then he blinked rapidly and creased his forehead in the middle as he came in turn, grunting and pushing into me with each spurt of his cum.

He let my leg down and lowered himself on top of me, and we kissed languorously. When our breathing had slowed a little, he looked into my eyes again and said, "Wow! That was certainly both romantic and raunchy."

I smiled up at him, "Hah! Now you're wondering what the other options would have been like." 

"Maybe...", he said, tracing my face with his index finger. "Maybe...."

"Well, wait a little while and maybe you can find out," I teased before kissing him again.