 As I made my way up the brick driveway I noticed the Greek inspired fountains on either side. Jets of water sprayed from the mouths of Sea Nymphs and Sirens as they carried their shells and sang.

The estate was the largest job to date in terms of square feet and I was happy to start working in the Hollywood Hills. Many affluent people lived in this area and I was happy to rub shoulders with them if only to clean their carpets.

I stopped the van and rang the doorbell. After a moment a man answered and escorted me to the owner of the house.

‘Are you the carpet cleaner?’ the woman asked putting her hair up in a ponytail. 

‘Yes, I’m a little early. I hope it’s all right.’

‘It’s fine. Let me show you what needs to be done.’ Her speech seemed hurried but she walked slowly towards the back of the house stopping ever so often to admire the paintings on the walls and to look out the windows. I followed three or four feet behind holding my clipboard. The fabric covering her buttocks swayed slightly meeting her muscle movements and I found myself admiring the sight. This woman was in great shape. Probably from the using the in-house gym I passed on the way in.

We walked through an atrium and into a master bedroom with a row of French doors along the far wall which opened out onto a private courtyard. The room was clean but cluttered. The pictures on the wall hung slightly off level unlike the rest of the house. The room was carpeted with an expensive west-coast brand. I looked about and started running over the amount of chemicals I would need in my mind. I would need to be careful not burn out the color.

The owner twirled around slowly pointing at the floor as she explained the entire bedroom needed to be cleaned. My attention drifted back to her buttocks and the swaying of the thin white material covering it. She stopped in front of me biting a fingernail while looking over the room quickly. She seemed nervous.

My attention remained on the curves of her waist. I could now vaguely make out a dark coloring under the thin white dress material just above the soft v intersection between her legs. She turned back to me. 

‘Can I show you an area that needs some special attention?’

I came back to Earth. ‘Yeah, yes.’

A spray of dried droplets formed a circular pattern at the foot of the bed. The owner knelt down and pointed at the stain.

‘I opened and can of coke and it fizzed up and dripped. Can you do something about this?’

I smiled to myself on the inside. I’ll play this game and be professional.

‘Yeah. I can take of that. This happens all the time. This is no problem at all.’

‘If you take care of this by the evening I’ll give you a little something extra for your trouble,’ she said with a smile. She walked out into the courtyard and into the sun. There she laid on a deck chair and covered her eyes with a pair of Jackie O's. A servant brought her an umbrella and a cold drink.

I shook my head and scribbled some notes on my clipboard then walked out to the van. Mixing the chemicals didn’t take long and after and hour I’d cleaned the general bedroom floor. I asked the servant to open the front door to allow a breeze in to air out the fumes. 

The owner sipped her drink and watched me from her lounge chair. Must be nice.

Kneeling down I set my spray box to my right side and opened it. The spray box was a tackle box I kept with me to do jobs that required more finesse. It holds chemical solutions and a family of brushes to handle a spilled Coke or anything else that has dripped on the carpet. I don’t want to make cleaning carpets sound like an art form but there is something to it.

Two hours passed and the stain was almost all gone. I set up a pair of oscillating fans around the edges and packed up my equipment. 

The owner breezed in from outside holding a drink and looked around the room. She wore a yellow string bikini and a finely woven grass hat above her Jackie O's. 

‘You do wonderful work,’ she exclaimed. ‘I do have one more thing to ask of you. I see in your brochure you clean carpet and even sell carpet. Tell me, do you munch carpet?’

I stared at her as if some kind of power failure occurred.

‘Do you munch carpet? Eat pussy?’ she reiterated while pulling her bikini aside to reveal a cleanly shaved area with a single tuff of curlies floating above like a small cloud.

I took her drink and placed it on the bedside table then pulled her close. My hand slid around the small of her back. This excited her causing her to breath in deeply heaving her breasts against my chest. I kissed her deeply braking her bikini strings with my free hand.

She moaned and ground her hips against mine. I pushed her back onto the bed. She opened her legs for me as I unbuckled my belt. 

‘Let’s try keep this on the bed, okay?’ I said. She laughed.

I descended into her valley and feasted on her sex. She raised her hips and tried other ways to encourage me. I inserted one finger then two more. I lapped and licked her shell savoring the taste and texture of her folds.

She pulled a pillow over her face to muffle the sound of her orgasm. Her sex glistened not unlike the fountains outside.

I raised myself to my knees and dropped my boxers. The head of my erection looked angry as though aroused suddenly from a deep sleep. She leaned back resting on her elbows and smiled at my hangdown. She took her hat off but left her Jackie O’s on. Crawling closer she took me in her mouth and swallowed me down to the root. I leaned back slight and closed me eyes. My fingers slipped over the scrunchy that held ponytail in place and provided her a bobbing rhythm. I could tell from her moans she was enjoying herself. She found my shaved balls interesting and kissed them her approval. 

After a few moments she laid back and brought her legs up in upwards V. 

‘Those Pilates workouts really pay off,’ she said laughing.

I smiled and gently but firmly took each ankle in hand and moved closer lining ourselves up. She guided my cock into her sex and moaned. I sank in further and dropped one her legs to remove her Jackie O’s. Our eyes met as we fucked slowly. I slid in and out building a momentum of friction and pressure. She threw her head back into the pillows and screamed. ‘Oh, yes, oh, yes, oh, yes!’ 

I sensed my time was short and picked up the pace. I placed my hand under and above her hip and slammed her hard. She jerked upwards arching her back and flailing her legs. I pulled out and painted her cloud with my seed. A jet trailed its way over her belly and splashed just below her neck.

She laughed and pulled me onto her. We laid there and kissed for a moment with the sweet stickiness between us.

‘Shit. My mom’s gonna be home soon,’ she said looking at the clock next to her drink. 

‘You mean, you’re not?’

‘The owner? No, I’m Jenny. I’m 24. My parents are coming back from vacation today. I had a girls-only party last night. You’re the clean up guy.’

‘So if I help you finish up can I stay for dinner?’ I said.

‘Yeah. But you have to move your van,’ she said kissing me. ‘Oh, and one more thing. That was a Coke I spilled on the carpet.’