 This story is a fantasy based on real people and actual events. The names have been changed to protect the innocent.




I have had more than my share of jobs in my life, and with it has come all sorts of commutes. I've had twenty minute drives along county roads, five minute drives right up the street, hour long commutes down the interstates, and so on. The commute for one particular job I got in the spring of 2003 took me over a bridge. It would usually take me a half an hour to get to work in the morning, but going home was a different story. Sometimes there was no traffic and it would be a breeze. Other times it would take me an hour just to creep over the bridge. There was no rhyme or reason to it, either. You would expect to see all sorts of flashing lights and bodies strewn across the road, but usually the traffic would just dissipate and leave you wondering why your evening was ruined. But I digress.

One recurring theme of my jobs was that for some reason I never lived particularly close to any of my co-workers. This job was an exception in that I lived in the same town as this girl Vicki. It didn't matter, really, until one week in the summer of 2003.

Let me tell you a little bit about Vicki. She was an attractive girl in her mid 20's, with a pretty freckled oval face, green eyes, a button nose and full lips, shoulder-length blonde hair that she usually wore in a bun, 5'4 and petite. She liked to wear what I always considered to be men's dress shirts that seemed a little tight on her, but with them pulled tight they accentuated her boobs. Judging by her last name she had Dutch ancestry. We started about the same time and hit it off as friends. I was single and she was single. We would frequently eat our lunches together. I remember one lunchtime conversation where we got to talking about how we'd each had our noses broken once, and how sensitive the spot of the fracture on the bridges of our noses had become. So there we were, sitting in the middle of our company's lunch room, rubbing each other's sensitive noses.

I know what you're thinking, why didn't we hook up right away? I was in my late 20's at the time, going through a string of almost comically bad dates. Well, besides the old adage 'don't dip your pen in the company ink,' I wasn't sure that Vicki was really my type. She was the kind of girl that talked too loud, and laughed too loud. She had a way of saying the wrong thing at the wrong time. You know the type. It was a little bit off-putting. So, we stayed friends.

The real story begins one Monday morning in August. Vicki came over to my desk. "Could you do me a huge favor?" She asked.

I was never one to turn down a damsel in distress, I thought to myself. Did she need help moving some boxes or something? "Sure," I said.

"I got rear-ended over the weekend and my car is in the shop all week long," Vicki said, "I have a ride to work all week but I need a lift home. I was wondering if you could drop me off on your way home."

I paused. I knew where she lived, more or less, with her folks. It was on my way home, but I'd have to pop off the main road to get to her street. It was probably a ten minute detour. I probably gave it more thought than I should have because I was obsessed with "my time" in those days and the extra driving would eat into my evenings a little bit. I thought I should throw that bit of neurosis at you, if you were wondering why I was single at the time. Even the dashing young heroes of the stories have their flaws. In the end I couldn't say no to somebody who needed my help, and I agreed.

I almost came to regret it that very first day. We were in my car on the way home. I drove home the way I always drove home, with the windows open and the music blaring. We had just gotten onto the bridge when Vicki spotted two motorcycles riding alongside us. "Yeah, badass!" She yelled, and unbuckled her seat belt and stuck her entire upper body outside the window, shouting and shaking her fist at the bikers. Oh my God, what was wrong with this girl? I wondered. Lucky the bikers were probably wondering the same thing, and we all survived, but I was thinking it was going to be a long, dangerous week.

Vicki unexpectedly ended up taking off from work on Tuesday and Wednesday, reappearing on Thursday. The drives home Thursday and Friday went much more smoothly than Monday's did, and I found myself sitting in Vicki's driveway around 5:30 on Friday afternoon, sitting in my car and chatting. Vicki lived with her parents, but there were no cars in the driveway. Vicki said that they went away on vacation, and she had the house to herself.

After about fifteen minutes of sitting in Vicki's driveway I started to get hungry. I was about to try to excuse myself so that I could get home for dinner, but Vicki had other plans. She unbuckled her seatbelt and said, "I wanted to thank you for driving me home this week." I thought that was it, and she was on her way out of the car, but instead she leaned over and kissed me.

If I wasn't still strapped in I probably would've jumped right out of my seat, I was so surprised. She grabbed my head with both hands so that she could pull me closer to her. As we kissed my mind raced. This wasn't a very good idea. We're co-workers! She's not really my type! But, she's hot! I mentioned that I had been on a string of bad dates. Before that my last relationship was long-distance and crashed and burned spectacularly about a year before, so it had been a while since I had any kind of physical contact. That was probably the main reason I let it continue, because I was hard up. I was thinking, maybe we kiss a little, she goes inside, I go home and jerk off, and hopefully things aren't too awkward around the office on Monday.

Vicki was now trying to undo my seatbelt. I heard the button click, and the strap slid off of me. Vicki broke our kiss and smiled at me, and I felt her hand moving toward my crotch. Her hand found my hardening cock through my slacks, and gave it a squeeze.

"Mmm... I've wanted to touch it since the first time I saw that bulge in your pants," Vicki whispered to me. She now had both hands in my lap, fumbling around for my zipper. She found it and pulled it down and reached inside to pull my cock out through my underwear. I was still thinking about putting a stop to it right up to the point where I felt her hand grab my cock and pull it out. I looked down, bemused by the sight of my hard cock sticking out of my slacks. It didn't look like much, really. I was seven inches, and only the last couple of inches were poking out. Of course I had only seen this type of thing happen in pornos, with men so endowed that their dicks would be resting on the steering wheel, so I was probably over-reacting.

Vicki seemed impressed. She wrapped her small hand around it, and it helped to make it feel a little bit bigger for me. She gave it a few strokes, and then leaned over and began to lick and suck on the tip.

I became acutely aware that I was getting a blow job in the middle of a driveway on a summer afternoon. I started looking around, but I couldn't see any other people. As it was, being distracted about the possibility of being watched was probably a good thing, because it kept me from thinking too much about the blow job I was getting, and cumming right then.

After about a minute Vicki pulled away and sat up in my passenger's seat. "Would you like to come inside?" Vicki asked seductively. Her hand went to her neck and she slowly unbuttoned the top two buttons of her shirt, exposing her neck and clavicle. 

No, this is madness, sheer madness! That's what I should've said, but instead I nodded dumbly at her and stuffed my cock back into my pants. We got out of the car and I followed her into her split level house. I called home on my 2003 model cell phone and told them I was invited to eat dinner at Vicki's. I felt like I was 13 years old making that phone call. No, scratch that. I felt like a 16 year old sneaking into my girlfriend's house while her parents were away to fool around.

Vicki gave me a quick tour. When I mean quick, I mean she stood downstairs and gestured to where each room down there was, and then took me by the hand and led me up the stairs. At the top of the stairs she led me straight into her bedroom. It seemed like a typical girl's room to me. It was tidy, smelled nice, and there were stuffed animals on the bed.

"Are you hungry?" Vicki asked me, her hand fingering the highest button on her shirt that was still undone, between her breasts.

Actually, I was. I was a creature of habit, waking up at the same time every day, even on weekends, eating my meals at the same time, going to bed at the same time. It was dinnertime and I was starving. My stomach was actually growling, and part of me was clamoring to ask her if we could stop for dinner right now, at the risk of ruining my chances of ever having sex with Vicki. Luckily the other part of me was being controlled by my cock, which was hard and wet from being sucked on. Being hastily shoved back into my pants didn't help, either, because it was sideways and pressed right up against my thigh, making me even more aware of it, and it was tingling and clamoring for more attention. That took precedence over my stomach. "Yes," I answered dryly, leaving the double entendre hanging in the air. I absent-mindedly started to loosen my tie.

Vicki undid the button she was fingering, revealing more of the freckled skin of her clavicle and just a hint of bra. I closed the distance between us, eager to kiss her exposed flesh. I met her lips instead, and as we kissed I pressed her against me, feeling her body against mine.

I pulled away from her to begin my journey down her neck with my lips, and Vicki began to undress me, pulling the knot out of my tie and tossing it aside. She unbuttoned my dress shirt, undoing all of the buttons and pulling it apart. On these hot days I didn't bother wearing an undershirt, and Vicki began to run her hands along my hairy chest as I kissed her neck and clavicle. I reached out and started unbuttoning Vicki's shirt where she had left off. When I reached the bottom we pulled apart so that we could both pull our dress shirts off of our bodies. I stared at her white lace bra and her taut belly.

Vicki grabbed me and pulled me down onto her bed, climbing on top of me and kissing me. She kissed my neck and shoulders while I ran my hands along her bra-clad back. I went up and down, up and down, up and down, and finally stopped and undid her bra. She paused to shrug her bra off of her shoulders and toss it aside. She sat still and gazed down at me, as if she knew that I would want to pause to get a good look at her breasts. They were small but firm, a good fit for my hands, with small pink nipples. I could almost hear those nipples calling out to me, begging to be sucked. I reached up to Vicki and gently pushed her over onto her back beside me. I took a breast in my hand and kissed around it, eventually working my way around to her nipple, which I gave a long lick before I took it into my mouth and began sucking. Vicki gasped and arched her back. Like most women with small breasts, she had very sensitive nipples. I sucked the one nipple until it got hard, and then I went to her other breast, kissing, licking, and sucking that nipple hard as well. I started to alternate between her breasts, trying to keep both nipples hard.

"Mmm... you do that so good," Vicki moaned. When she had her fill, she reached out and gently nudged me onto my back. She straddled me and kissed me, her hips grinding against mine. It should have felt better than it did, but the way my cock was hastily stuffed back into my pants it was tangled up with my underwear. It felt a little uncomfortable. Luckily the dry hump was over quickly as Vicki began to kiss her way down my chest. As she reached my belly button she reached down to undo my belt buckle and slide it off. Then she undid my slacks for the second time in fifteen minutes. She pulled my slacks off (we left our shoes at the front door) and freed my cock from my underwear. She gave my cock a few strokes while I watched her expectantly. Was she going to continue the blow job? I think for a few moments she was trying to decide for herself. Deciding against it, Vicki undid her own slacks and pulled them off of her, leaving herself in a pair of lacy white panties. She climbed back over me and kissed me while pressing her panty-clad pussy against my exposed cock.

I could feel her warmth against my shaft, and it was making me crazy. I didn't want to end up cumming like that so I rolled her over onto her back. I kissed my way down her body while caressing her breasts, placing kisses along her taut belly and all around her belly button. I reached her waist and placed slow kisses and licks along the waistband of her panties. Vicki was moaning and thrashing about. She either felt really good or I was tickling her. I took hold of her panties and began to slide them down, revealing first her dirty blonde bush, and then the folds of her pussy. I kissed her newly exposed skin as I slid her panties down and off of her legs. Vicki placed both of her legs over my shoulders, and I kissed my way up and down her thighs, settling on the insides of her thighs, teasing her with licks and kisses inches from her pussy. Vicki began letting out little oohs and aahs and was subtly trying to nudge my face into her pussy with her legs.

I finally eased her suffering by taking an index finger and sliding it along the folds of her pussy, feeling her clitoris and the wetness between the folds of her pussy. Vicki let out a sigh and arched her back. I followed my finger with my tongue, pausing to take in her odor, and then probed along her folds with my tongue. I used my fingers to pull apart her inner lips and pussy hairs and began to lick at her clitoris. Vicki responded by moaning and bucking her hips. I could feel my cock twitch in sympathy with her arousal.

Vicki placed her hands in my hair, trying to push me deeper into her and increase her arousal. I took a finger from my free hand and slid it into her pussy. She was tight and very wet. She began to move her hips as I licked her clit and finger-fucked her.

"Oh my god that feels so good," Vicki whispered. I was aware of her legs moving, sliding her feet back and forth along the bed, thighs rubbing against the side of my head, trying for more stimulation. I decided to use a trick to increase her stimulation, and I placed my lips on her clitoris, and blew a gentle raspberry, my mouth acting like a vibrator on her pussy. Vicki shouted in surprise and began bucking her hips. I could feel her pussy spasming against my finger as she orgasmed.

After fifteen or twenty seconds Vicki pulled my head up and towards her. She kissed me, tasting herself on my lips. "Thank you," she whispered.

"My pleasure," I said, and we kissed some more.

"There are condoms in the top drawer," she whispered to me.

"Okay," I whispered back, and climbed off of her. I went to her dresser and found a condom. I rolled it onto my cock and climbed back between her legs. I slid my hardness along her clitoris a few times, and then lined my cock up against the entrance of her pussy. She was tight but very wet, so I slid into her without too much difficulty. I moaned and she gasped as I slid myself in as far as I could go, my pubic bone pressing against hers. I was extremely hard and her tight pussy was pressing against me. I could already tell I wasn't going to last long. I tried to prolong it by going slow, moving in and out of her in long, slow strokes, but Vicki had other plans. She wrapped her legs around my butt and began bucking her hips against me, increasing my stimulation and dictating a faster pace. I could feel my orgasm building. With a grunt I buried my face in her neck and began to fuck her for all I was worth, shooting load after load of cum into the condom buried in her pussy. I was disappointed in how quickly it was over, but Vicki was bucking her hips and gasping as she had a second orgasm.

"Oh my God, you're so big and hard," Vicki gasped as she came back to her senses.

"You're so hot I couldn't hold back," I whispered back to her.

"That's okay, it was amazing," Vicki whispered back, "You'll last longer next time," she added, patting me on the back.

I lifted my head to stare at her. So, this wasn't just a thank you for driving her home? This was the start of... something? "Next time?" I asked.

"Well, yeah," Vicki said, "You didn't think this was going to be a one-time thing, did you?"

Actually I had no idea, I thought to myself. I wasn't the type to be satisfied with a one-night stand, but I also knew that getting involved with a co-worker could be awkward, especially if it doesn't work out. But we had already slept together, so things were going to be awkward one way or the other. I wasn't going to argue if she wanted it to continue. "Okay," I said, "But can we have dinner first?"

Vicki laughed at me.