 Don’t try this at home. Stories about one-night stands and unprotected sex are fun to read but dumb to try. Always protect yourself.

* * * * *

Dave stopped at the bar for a beer because a friend had told him they played excellent jazz music. He quickly learned that there would be no jazz that night. The bartender put rap in the CD player and turned the volume up too loud. Dave was ready to leave when he saw her sit down at the bar. She was a cool drink of water to say the least. Nearly as tall as Dave’s 6’1” she was statuesque., blond, and solid. She wore a gold satin shirt that hugged her body and showed just a hint of midriff. Tight black satin pants hugged her hips and left little to the imagination. She had been on the dance floor a few times with some friends and moved in a most enticing way. 

She was finishing a glass of wine when Dave walked up and sat down beside her at the bar. He was surprised at a college girl drinking red wine but was certainly intrigued. “Can I buy you another?” he asked. Dave turned on his best smile to compliment his rugged good looks. 

She returned his smile and checked him out. “Normally I would say yes but I think I am getting out of here before the music drives me nuts.”

“Well we have that in common. I know a place where the music is always great and the wine selection is excellent.”

“Where might that be?”

“My place.” Dave knew it was risky to go for broke this quickly but he was getting tired and did not feel like working for half the night to find out if she would hook up with him.

She looked at him for another moment as if sizing him up and replied, “I guess we won’t know if that is true without giving it a try. I’m Carrie” She extended her hand as she stood up.

They drove to his place and Dave went into the kitchen as she sat down on the couch. He quickly returned with a fine bottle of cabernet and two glasses. When he walked into the room he saw her remove her ID and a few dollars from her bra strap and placed it on the end table. Dave poured them each a bottle of wine and turned on the stereo. Soothing synthesizers and saxophones filled the room as she took her first sip. “You are as good as your word. Both the music and the wine are excellent.” She kicked off her heels and pulled her legs up beside her as Dave sat down.

They made small talk about school and life in a college town. She was a business major and was full of questions about his graduate program and his years spent working as a policeman before coming back to school. A lull in the conversation was punctuated by her leaning ever so slightly toward Dave. He closed the distance and kissed her tenderly. She returned his kiss and their tongues began to mingle. He ran his fingers through her hair and down the side of her neck. Things had gone well so far so her dropped his hand down to cup her full right breast. She moaned and pushed the orb tighter into his palm. 

Dave massaged the right breast and then the left until she sat up and pulled the gold blouse over her head. The lacy demi bra disappeared just as quickly. She had wonderful, firm breasts. At least a c-cup sticking straight out from her chest. Dave leaned forward and sucked her long nipple into his lips. She moaned even louder and pulled his head even tighter to her bosom. He continued to thrash one nipple with his tongue and then lavished attention on the other. 

Dave picked her up in his arms and carried her to his king-sized waterbed. As soon as he placed her on the bed her pulled her pants down. The sheer black panties nearly drove him mad with desire. It was obvious she shaved all the pubic hair off her body leaving only the pink gash behind. Dave quickly removed his clothes and placed himself between her legs. He pulled her panties down with his teeth until her hairless mound was revealed. She was already wet with moisture and her breathing quickened as her kissed his way up her inner thighs. Her tight abs tightened when his lips and tongue first grazed her pussy lips. As he parted her lips with his tongue they began to swell and her desire built. He delicately probed her folds and then more aggressively worked her clit with his talented mouth. Dave ate her to a small orgasm and she began to cry “Yes, yes, ohhhhh God.” 

Carrie started to come down from her orgasm as Dave kissed his way up her body making a short stop at her breasts and placing his cock at the entrance of her gash. She reached down and grabbed his ass with her hands and pulled him into her. Dave slid into her pussy in one fluid motion. He could not believe the heat. He couldn’t remember a pussy that tight ever. He began to move back and forth in long strokes. She wrapped her legs around him and he continued to pump in and out. Dave kissed her face while he fucked her and saw her eyes tightly closed in pleasure. She began to squeal and writhe under him. He knew she was close and began to drive with short jabbing strokes. He felt a new flow of pussy juice as she cried out in ecstasy and felt her pussy tighten even more. She held him tightly in the glow of her second orgasm and eventually rolled him off her. 

“Wow. No guy ever made me come that hard that fast. You are incredible.”

“Anything for the cause. I’d hate for you to leave disappointed.”

She grinned. Oh, I’m not disappointed; and neither will you.” She moved down his body and grabbed his cock with her hand. After a few quick strokes she placed her lips over the tip and applied hard suction. Dave moved his hips up and forced more of his throbbing cock into her mouth. She knew what he wanted and sank all the way down until her nose was buried in his pubic hair. He throat seemed to massage his cock and he could feel his nuts begin to bunch. The vigorous fuck had put him at a high pitch and he knew he would not last long. Carrie moved back and forth on his rod. Occasionally using her teeth in an erotic way, she took Dave to the edge of pleasure again and again.

“I’m gonna come.” He was pretty sure she was going to swallow but wanted to give her the option. She pulled back to the tip and jacked the root of his cock with her left hand while her right hand massaged his balls. The manual stimulation and her warm mouth put him over the edge and he fired seven full shots of cream deep into her belly. She made wonderfully lewd swallowing sounds and kept his cock in her mouth until he began to soften. She smiled as she moved up to lie beside him.

“I love a man who can deliver a big load. It’s so sexy to be with someone so virile.”

“Let’s just say that you’re inspiring.”

“You haven’t seen anything yet. I want your next load in my pussy.” She placed her leg on his body and began to rub her tits and cunt all over him. Dave could scarcely believe how fast he became hard. She placed her slot over his cock and sat down on his hard pole. She began to ride. Her hands pushing on his chest and her eyes locked to his was the most erotic experience he could remember. He glanced down to watch his cock appear and disappear in her body. She lay on top of him with his cock still in her.

“I’m so close.” She said breathlessly. “Give me a good pounding fuck and I’ll come again.”

Dave rolled on top of her and began to drive with a vengeance. Long solid strokes brought his balls against her incredible ass every time. She cried out. “Oh Dave! Its gonna happen.” He felt her cunt contract around his meat and she had another orgasm. 

Dave kissed her lips while his hard cock was still inside her. “Can you come again?”

“Not for a while. Take me as hard and fast as you want.” Dave began to pound her pussy like this was his last fuck. His strokes became erratic. Carrie knew he was close and began to whisper in his ear. “You feel so big inside me. I want to feel your hot come.” Dave felt it happen and drove his cock as far in as he could get it. She tilted her hips to give him maximum penetration. He began to fire another huge load into her. 

He pulled out after the second shot and placed his spurting cock over her. She reached between them and began to jack him off as his cum landed on her tits and belly with the final drops coming to rest on her hairless mound. She new men loved coming on her body. She reached down and scooped a small amount of Dave’s cum off her bare mound and sucked it off he finger. 

Dave’s cock gave a small flex when he saw her little show but knew it would be awhile before he could go again. Dave collapsed beside her and began to tenderly kiss her. He hoped she was going to be around for a long while.