 It started with a phone call. A portrait for her husband. Simple you say? Read on for the real story of what happened.

Carrie appeared at my door nicely dressed in a business suit, high heels, nylons, and a scarf. Her breasts looked like they were going burst from the blouse. The suit kept everything together for her.

I had a green velvet chair that I thought would be a good choice for posing her but this business suit had to go.

"I think your attire is all wrong?" I said. We'd do better with something else? Do you want him to see you in daily attire?

"I had something else in mind," she said. "I want a high-quality nude shot of myself in black and white."

"Do you know a little about photography?"

"I took photography in college," she said.

"I have an 8x10 portrait camera that will be perfect for us," Tom said. "We need to get it right on the first shot. The 8x10 makes a perfect 8x10 no enlarging necessary. A 16x20 is only enlarged two times which is the equivalent of a wallet size photo from 35mm. If you posed in that velvet chair we could do a full length nude of you that you'll be happy with."

"I want two pictures. One front and one rear. He'll want to see all of me."

"I can do that," he said, "Why don't we get started?"

"Can I use your bathroom for my clothes?"

"Of course you can. Are you shy? I have a robe if you like. It's in the bathroom."

Carrie went into the bathroom while Tom prepared the camera for shooting. He moved the green lounge to the end of the background paper and got it where he thought it would be best. He turned the lights (Strobes) on with the power supply. Tom had an 8x10 Polaroid set up so he could do a test shot before he took the picture.

Carrie came out of the bathroom with the robe, way too big for her. Carrie was 5'6" with curly auburn below shoulder length hair, very white, hazel olive eyes, physically fit and in good shape. She had nice legs, full lips, and no makeup except for lip gloss.

Tom made some final adjustments to the tripod, camera, and lights.

"I'm going to do a Polaroid first. How do you want to pose?"

"You're the photographer," she said, "Come over and pose me."

Tom came over to the green lounge, pulled the robe off of her, and gasped at what he saw which was the most beautiful pair of breasts he had ever seen in his life.

"How big are you if I might ask?"

"I'm 36DDD," she said.

"You've got quite a pair there."

"Go ahead and touch me if you want. I don't mind at all. In fact, I like it when men touch me."

Her breasts were large but firm with beautiful areolas pink and distinct on her pure white breasts. The nipples were like pencil erasers sticking out at attention ready to be sucked or bitten. The shape of them was like cantaloupes in size and shape and there was very little if any sag in them at all. The pure white and the dark pink color stood out. They were the size of cantaloupes and just as firm.

Tom moved her around and sat her on the lounge so the shaved pussy showed as well as a clear view of her perfect breasts. Her hair was neatly combed, the lipstick nicely put on, no wrinkles to speak of. It would make a beautiful portrait. Satisfied with the pose he went back to the ground glass and used his magnifier to get sharp focus on her. He was allowed to use F64 for extended depth of field and strong strobe lights. Her legs were spread slightly and her back was arched a little bit to enhance her breasts a little more, not that they needed any.

Tom loaded his holder with the Polaroid fine grain black and white and shot his test. He put the film in the processor to develop it, waited the proper time and revealed a very nice shot of Carrie. It was perfect for a Polaroid. Tom brought the print over to Carrie to see and she was all smiling.

"The film print will look even better. The whites and blacks will be better making for a more erotic photo."

"I'm amazed at the detail," said Carrie, "Everything is so clear."

"That is the world of 8x10," said Tom. "Your beautiful so your going to look good. Flaws are also magnified."

"Can I keep the print?" Carrie asked.

Tom nodded and set the print down. He went over to her and looked at her as a quality control project.

"I think we should make your nipples more erect. It will make for a better picture," Tom said.

"Why don't you come over and bite them?" Carrie said. "That will make them hard." 

Tom leaned over and bit down on the cranberry size nipple and both felt it in their pussy and cocks. He bit down again and she gasped at the biting. He bit her once more and then pulled on the nipple to make it even more erect. Carrie leaned over a little and Tom bit the other one and got the same reaction from her again, a groan. He bit down two more times and then pulled on the nipple as he did on the other one.

"My husband doesn't know how to bite me. You do very well."

"I better take the pictures or they won't get done."

Tom pulled again on the nipples, got up, and went back to the camera. He asked Carrie to move a little, readjusted his focus, put the loaded film holder in the camera and snapped the picture. One down and one to go.

Carrie turned over revealing her ass and back. Both were pure white and nearly flawless. He positioned her so that the side of one of her breasts was visible, adjusted her ass, and moved her back. He adjusted her hair and went back to the camera. He repeated the routine and took the second picture.

"You can relax now Carrie," Tom said.

Carrie turned over, arched her back, held her breasts in her hand, and smiled.

"Finish biting my breasts, Tom. I'm horny for you and your cock."

The photography was done and I couldn't wait to get at her. First I wanted those perfect breasts and then her pussy. She laid down on the lounge in the missionary position and I got on top of her. I grabbed each breast and began kneading the alabaster flesh and sucking on her nipples. The nipples turned to raspberry size. They were so erect and waiting for his mouth. The breast flesh was so firm in his hands, they were made to be kneaded and often. The blue veins were clearly visible on the alabaster mounds. 

Carrie moaned, "Bite my nipples, Bite them hard for me. It turns me on. Play with my clit. Make me so horny I can't stand it."

Tom continued on his attention to her beautiful breasts. They were certainly addicting and he continued feeling the soft breast flesh, the big cranberry-colored nipples that he could feel them in the palm of his hands. The weight was out of this world, probably 15 lbs each. The only sagging came from the weight of the breasts.

Tom moved down to her pussy and spread her pussy lips outer ones and licks them. They were wet with juices from her pussy. The inner lips were wet as well and Tom licked it clean before attacking the clitoris. He used his tongue to lick the clitoris, licking it to orgasm. Carrie was very satisfied with the treatment she was receiving.

"My husband doesn't do these things. It's wham-bam 10 minutes and he's done. You've spent an hour with me and we haven't fucked yet."

"You're a beautiful woman Carrie. What you have to offer is a dream come true to any man."

"Fuck me hard Tom. Fuck me fuck me, fuck me."

Tom lifted her up, took her place on the lounge, and invited her to sit on his throbbing cock. She sat on it slowly, letting it go slowly into her pussy inch by inch. She went in deep and began to grind her pussy on his cock. She rode it well bucking up and down feeling the beautiful cock ride in and out.

"Tom I want you to come on my tits. I want to feel that hot cum all over me."

"I'll come good for you. Can I fuck them first? "

"Isn't that what cleavage is for?"

Tom pulled his wet cock out, switched positions with her and slid the pussy wet cock into her cleavage and began to fuck her beautiful breasts slowly grabbing onto to them and sliding his cock back and forth watching the head disappear and reappear again with precum on the head which Carrie licked off and more.

Tom took his cock out and rubbed them on her nipples making them even more erect than they already were. He slapped his cock hard on each breast and then slid his cock back into her cleavage and slid it back and forth again.

Carrie was getting horny again from the breast attention she was getting from Tom. 

Tom was getting closer from all the activity his cock was getting from Carrie both in her pussy and between her breasts, both stimulating.

"Fuck my titties. Cum on them for me. Make me wet with your cum," she said.

"I can't wait much longer," said Tom.

"Fuck em fuck those big tits. Give it to me."

Tom continued his titty fucking, hoping it would last forever but he was going to cum. He pulled his cock out and shot rope after rope of cum, covering her nipples and breasts with white cum. The nipples were starting to drip cum off her nipples onto her breasts.

"That hot cum felt so good on me. Naughty but nice. You like my breasts don't you?"

"They are so nice Carrie. Wait until you see the picture of them."

Carrie went into the bathroom to get dressed and cleaned up while Tom got dressed and cleaned up the studio. When she finished she came out and started to leave, she paused and

"When will my prints be ready?" Carrie asked.

"A couple of days, I'll phone you as soon as I get them," Tom said.

Tom went over and kissed her on the cheek. He thought to himself what a nice encounter.