 *Author's Note - Thank you for all the positive feedback regarding my first story, and at your request, I have begun writing another. I hope you enjoy it!*

*******

He sat, watching her closely. The way her clothing clung to her full-breasted figure, the way the coffee she was drinking slipped delectably past her pouty lips. Raven locks of hair fell gently to her shoulders, and innocent blue eyes blinked as she noticed he was watching her. Slightly self-conscious, she crossed her arms across her chest. Not like it did any good. It hugged her heavy breasts together, pushing them slightly out of the scoop-necked shirt. His mouth opened slightly, and he turned his head. She was a vision of beauty. It was hard for him to keep his eyes off her.

Closing his eyes, he tried to concentrate on his work. But the image of her stayed in his mind as he daydreamed. The flavor of those lips, the look in her eyes as he touched her; the images haunted him until the end of the day. As he got into his car, he noticed her walking up the street. She must live nearby. Maybe he should ask her if she wanted a ride home. She noticed him driving past, smiling and waving shyly. She was amazingly sexual and still demure; he wondered if she knew how lovely she really was. Driving home, he felt his sex stir through his dress pants. Damn.

He entered his apartment, locking the door behind him, and sighed. He could feel her influence through his body, pulsating. She was like a drug; he craved to explore every inch of her soft flesh and show her what it was to be worshipped. For now, the issue at hand was the hard-on, and he could feel his cock tearing at his zipper. Hurriedly releasing himself from his clothing, he settled down on the couch with the remote control. He pressed "Play" on the VCR and sighed contentedly as Nikki Tyler and Jenna Jameson flashed across his big-screen TV. As the male actors licked and nibbled the girls, he closed his eyes and imagined her.

Slowly, his hand felt his way down to the focus of his sex, and he began to slide his hand up and down as he imagined what it might be like to taste her, to feel her nipples harden in his mouth and what her cries of pleasure might sound like. Images raced like wildfire through his daydream, and his hand picked up speed. As in his mind she reached her climax, he released his pent-up sexual frustration into a nearby towel. He leaned back against the couch and sighed. If working with her was going to produce this effect every day, he had to start trying harder to ignore her luscious sensuality.

As he arrived at work the next morning, she had already started on work he had left the previous evening. His heart skipped a beat as he noticed what she was wearing. The dress was fit tightly around every curve, the back low cut and the front dipped dangerously low. The curves of her breasts swelled gently out the top of the dress, accented with a necklace that hung just between the soft heavenly flesh. She glanced at him, nodding a quick hello. Just the sight of her beauty stirred his cock.

"Carrie…why don't you come into my office for a moment?" He couldn't believe the words had actually come out of his mouth. But she stood, and followed him into the plush office. He closed and locked the door. She looked at him questioningly, and sat obediently in a soft leather chair. He sat down behind the desk, unable to speak for a few moments.

"Do you have any idea how lovely you are?" Christ, slow down Jared. Let her react.

"Excuse me?" Her voice was like a sweet melody. "Mr. Parker…you can't mean…"

"Mean what Carrie? That you have a beautiful body? That I fantasize about you every day?" She blushed, and he knew she'd never been the focus of such attention before. "Look. I've wanted to touch you from the day they assigned you to be my secretary. I can't take this anymore." She seemed to study him for a brief moment, as if sizing him up. He didn't consider himself out of shape or unattractive in any way, but under the scrutiny of her gaze he felt three inches tall.

"Jared?" It was the first time she had addressed him by first name, and he felt his knees go weak. Suddenly, he was glad he was sitting down.

"Yes?"

"I've done the same about you." Those five words rang in his ears for what seemed like fifteen minutes. The gorgeous creature he dreamed of day in and day out had been dreaming of him too. He could hardly bring himself to stand and walk over to her. Trembling, he traced her delicate cheekbone softly, gazing into her eyes and trying to quell any fear she may have. His touch was soft, and he could see her tremble slightly. His cock jumped. Leaning forward, he kissed her gently, letting her feel the warmth of his mouth against hers. He slid his tongue between her slightly parted lips and suddenly he could feel her returning his kiss.

His hands slid to the shoulders of her dress and gently pushed it down her arms, to her hips. Bringing her to a standing position, he pushed the dress all the way over her hips and to the floor. He sat her down on the edge of the polished wooden desk and stared at her beauty. Clad only in a lace bra, he let his fingers play with the clasp before freeing her breasts from their confinement.

They were fuller and heavier than in his dreams, and he cupped one gently, taking the nipple between his thumb and forefinger. As he rolled it gently, she inhaled sharply, indicating pleasure at this action. He stared in wonder as the soft nipple grew hard between his fingers and her breasts began to flush. She leaned back on her hands and began to enjoy the sensations of being touched and caressed. His hand moved to the other breast and repeated the action, tweaking her nipple until it was hard between his fingers. He had to taste her breasts, feel their fullness in his mouth.

He leaned forward, taking the nipple gently between his lips, and sucked on it softly. A cry of pleasure arose from her and he sucked on it harder, watching her squirm underneath him. He moved to suckle on the other breast, leaving both nipples hard and sensitive. He kissed down her slender waist and flat stomach, pausing to flick his tongue around her bellybutton. He dropped soft kisses all the way to her clit, circling the pleasure button until she cried out in pleasure. He dipped his tongue into her sweet pussy, noticing she was already wet. His cock nearly burst from his pants.

He slid his jacket off of his shoulders and undid his tie, leaving both garments on the floor. She sat up suddenly, and leaning forward began to nimbly unbutton his dress shirt. He sighed in pleasure, and let her slide the linen from his body, relegating it to the floor with his other clothes. Her hands hesitantly fondled the bulge in his pants and he moaned softly. She undid the zipper and slid his pants to his ankles, allowing him to step out of them. His cock sprung from its confinement and she gazed at it in wonder.

She touched it gently and he fought to stop himself from coming too soon. Brushing the hair from her eyes, he bent down and kissed her again, pushing her shoulders back against the desk. A soft whimper rose from her, "Please…"

"Please what?"

"I want to feel you in me…" The words were music to his ears and he gently placed the tip of his cock against her waiting pussy. Her soft pussy lips were engorged with blood and he audibly moaned. He slid the tip of his cock up and down her pussy, finally sliding gently into the soft folds of woman flesh.

The sensation was unbelievable as he slid his entire member into her tight pussy. She moaned as he entered her and her hands moved to her sensitive nipples, rubbing her hands over them as he began to fuck her slowly. He pushed his cock in and out furiously, watching her hands pull at her nipples and her back arch, trying to squeeze more of his cock into her eager pussy. She began to moan loudly, the pleasure coursing through her body like electric shocks. His cock slammed into her faster and faster, her body pushed into the desk with every hard thrust.

One of her hands strayed to her clit and began rubbing it in a circular pattern as the other continued rubbing her breasts. He could tell she was close to coming, and he desperately wanted her to come first. Suddenly, she arched up off the desk, shoving his whole cock into her, and cried out loudly as waves of orgasm showered over her. Seeing the look of pleasure on her face, and hearing her desperate cries, he came violently into her pussy, shooting stream after stream of hot come deep inside her.

As she came down from her sexual high, Carrie slowly opened her eyes and smiled softly. He watched her with interest, waiting for her reaction. She was damnably silent as she picked up her bra and dress, putting her clothing back on and fastening the straps on her sandals. She said nothing as she picked his clothes up from the floor and placed them on the desk, making her way to the door. As she walked past him, she leaned close to his ear and whispered, "Meet me at 7:00 outside my apartment complex." Then she demurely eased out the door, locking it from the inside on her way out. He stared at the closed door dumbfounded, as if he was still in some wild dream. Looking at his limp member, and the droplets of come on the desk, he realized that it was no dream. He had just fucked his secretary.

********

to be continued... 