 She couldn't believe it had gone this far with Wade. She spent many of evenings in the comfortable house about fifteen minutes away from hers. She had formed countless excuses for why she missed dinner. 

They were never very original, but they always sounded legitimate.

"Five page paper due Mom. Thankfully the library's open late." 

"Jessica just broke up with her boyfriend, I have to be her shoulder to cry on."

"Rally for the basketball team's game tomorrow night."

Each time she'd hop in her Ford Tempo and zip over to Wade's place. She couldn't be more pleased. Of the lovers she had, Wade by far surpassed all. Especially her ex-boyfriend. He, compared to Wade, was a joke from Barney & Friends. 

After their romp in the classroom, Wade and Carrie went to lunch at a local Cafe. She had been planning a surprise for Wade for the longest time. She just had to figure out how to go about fulfilling her plans. She wanted to be with Wade as more then just a lover. She wanted to be his girlfriend. 

"You know," she said leaning over the table closer to Wade, " I feel like I'm your mistress sometimes." 

He looked in her eyes and saw a small pout form on her lips. 

"You don't like that?" 

"I hate having to leave at night, and what if you find someone else?" the sentence rushed out of her lips before she had a chance to stop it. 

Wade took her cheeks in her hands and pulled her face close. He leaned in and placed a silent, slow, blood boiling kiss on her lips. Her eyes fluttered open, piercing his. 

"Don't worry" he assured her. She just smiled at him. 

"Bite me Wade." Her smile broadened. Her favorite saying. 

"You know Carrie, one of these days, you're going to get exactly what you ask for." 

The waiter served them their plates. Carrie glanced at Wade and started twirling her tongue around her straw to catch the attention of the waiter. They both heard the waiter take a deep breath. Carrie licked her lips and smiled. She and Wade laughed as they began their meal. When Wade and Carrie were finished, he drove her back to her car in the school parking lot. 

She ran her mouth and teeth against his neck to distract him, moaning noises of lust. While he wasn't watching, she slipped his automatic garage door opener into her purse. She leaned over and gave Wade a quick kiss and jumped out of his car. She knew Wade had a meeting with his publisher at 5 p.m. and it was almost 4:30. She figured he'd be out for at least an hour. She drove from school to the grocery store. She picked out the menu for the evening. And this time she intended to stay.

Wade pulled into his driveway at a quarter till 7. The meeting had gone well. His latest book was to be out with in the month. He bought a bottle of soft red rose wine to celebrate. Hoping that Carrie would make a visit tonight. He reached up to his sun visor to activate his garage door, but came up empty. He looked up. No remote. 

That's odd he thought to himself. He searched his car for five minutes and gave up. He walked to his front door and found it open. His first instinct had him clutching the neck of the bottle of wine intending to use it on the perpetrator that broke into his house, when he saw his living room softly lit by candles, he eased the tension on the innocent bottle of soft rose red. He walked from his living room into his kitchen area. The table was set. Roses in a vase. And Carrie, smiling as always. His mind was reeling. Trying to recall if a woman had ever done this for him. No, no one had till now. He set the wine down. 

"What is all this?" he asked. 

"Now Wade, I thought you were an intelligent man, I cooked for you, my surprise. I wanted you to know that I care about your latest book as much as you do." 

He stood there astonished. She stood up and walked over to greet him.

She wrapped her arms around his neck, nuzzling into him. 

"You like?" she asked. 

"Yes, very much" 

He pulled her away and held her at arms length and drank her in. She was wearing a strapless black dress that came down right under her knees. The sash was tied in a sassy bow at the side of her waist. She was almost as tall as him in her high heels. Her hair was swept off her neck. Wade turned her in his arms. He pulled her back to him, facing away, and started to rub his lips on the back of her neck. She squealed in laughter at the feeling, he pulled his fingers down her sides, further tickling her, till she was full out squirming in his arms. 

"Enough!" she pleaded. And pulled out of his hug. "Sit," she commanded. He did so. 

Taking his place at his dinner table. She came back from kitchen carrying two plates. "Chicken Gratella, mashed potatoes, and salad. Homemade," the teen said setting them down on the table. He was very glad that she was Italian. This automatically made her a great cook. Wade did the honor of pouring the still chilled wine. She sat across from him and raised her glass. 

"To us" she whispered. And they clinked glasses.

Carrie enjoyed her glasses of wine. She managed two of them and was pleasantly giddy. Wade enjoyed watching her. She had slipped off her heel and was slyly rubbing Wades cock through his pants with her foot under the table. She smiled over the rim of her wine glass. 

"Wade...?"

"Yes, Carrie?" 

"Now..." 

She got up and grabbed his hand and led him to the bedroom. She had him sit on the bed. He noticed the difference in sheets immediately. She had remade his king size bed with silk sheets.

"I 'borrowed' them from my older sister," she whispered in his ear. "Shhhh...don't tell," her breath buzzed along his ear. Sending shivers up his spine. He reached for her. She pulled away. 

"Uh uh...not yet." She smiled. She went to the bag she brought from home and pulled out one of her silk scarves. She went to put on Wade's face. She was shocked when he stopped her. 

"Why not?" She demanded in a full pout. She was about to protest again when he put the blind fold on her. She giggled. 

"This was supposed to be your surprise Wade. Not mine." 

"You've surprised me enough" 

"Bite me, Wade." 

She felt his teeth on her neck, a gentle firm nibble. She gasped. 

She immediately was on fire for him. The blind fold was driving her crazy. She felt his fingers trace from the curve of her neck, over her open shoulders, down her arms. She shivered a bit.

"Cold?" 

"No, quite the contrary." 

"Good."

Carrie was still floating on soft rose red wine when Wade placed his lips on hers. He loved her full soft lips. He kissed her. And moved away. Laughing lightly when she ended up kissing air in the absence of his lips. 

"Don't pout Carrie." 

He grabbed her shoulders lightly and turned her. 

"Carrie, how the hell did you get in this dress?" 

"Easily," She retorted playfully.

"Okay, how do you get out of it?"

"You sort of have to ...peel it off" 

If the blind fold wasn't on, she'd have seen the pure lust in Wade's eyes. 

He ran his finger around the top of her dress. Around her back and the swell of her 34C breasts. She just stood there enjoying. He slipped his fingers under the top of her dress, and released her from the top. It hung loosely around her waist. She stood there waiting in her black satin strapless bra. Wade traced his finger around her stomach and watched her react. She moaned lightly. The ticklish sensations being replaced with erotic ones. He stood in front of her and pulled her closer. He ravished her mouth with his. Tongues dancing wildly. His arms came around and unclasped her bra. She sighed lightly at the freedom. His fingers went down her back, and pulled back up. She gasped. She felt him laugh on her lips. He loved driving her wild. Her arms were around him. He lifted her and placed her on the bed. He kneeled at the side of her. He peeled the rest of the dress of her hips. She sucked her breath in. Fully Exposed. She had neglected panties again. Wade smiled. 

"Carrie, I think you have a problem getting dressed" 

"I think of it as an assistance to getting undressed Wade"

He nipped her on the side of her thigh. He pulled the rest of her dress off her body. 

"Wade. Take off your clothes." 

He did as she asked. She waited patiently and when she felt his weight shift on the bed she reached for him. He took her hands in his and ran them down over her breasts and stomach. She felt his breath run down her body. Then he was at her passion. As soon as she felt his tongue on her clit her body spasmed. He ran his tongue in circles around her clit, running his fingers down her slit at the same time. He slid two fingers inside her. 

She raised her hips off of the bed to meet his hand. She began to moan in time with his tongue and fingers. She wasn't quiet at all this time. She felt the sweet tingle in her pussy again. Wade sucked on her clit, fastening his mouth to it, not letting go. He wiggled his fingers inside of her. She voiced that she was going to cum. He sucked her clit as hard as he could and thrust his fingers faster. She squeezed them hard w/her pussy and came all over his hand and mouth. He waited for her to come back down to earth. She reached again for him. He moved over her body took her hands and pinned them down with his own and moved his hard cock between her legs. 

He teased. Running his head over and over again on her clit. He slid his shaft up and down her slit, and back to her clit. She was pushing against his hands, getting ready to cum again. He kissed her deeply. Their tongues massaging each other. Her nipples rubbing hard against his bare chest. He slid his cock down to her entrance. He pushed and she accepted him inside of her. She moaned deep. She was teetering on the edge of a massive orgasm. She pulled and squeezed him from inside as hard as she could. Trying to cum. He pushed into her harder. Faster. He moved his hands from hers. She wrapped her legs around his waist, and her arms around his neck. She raised her hips to meet his. Grinding on him. He angled his cock upwards giving her clit a workout. That's all it took. She was screaming his name and thrashing around on the red silk sheets. Her contractions were doing a number on Wade. He pulled out and took the blind fold off of her. Her eyes opened slowly. She searched his eyes, smiled, and pushed him on his back. She raised herself over him and began to lick down his torso, down his belly button. His cock was glistening with her juices. He began to gently caress her swollen passion with his tongue. She sank his cock into her mouth. She ran her fingernails down the inside of his thighs. She grasped his balls lightly and massaged them. She traced her tongue all around his cock head, down his shaft, and under to take his balls in her mouth. She sucked them lightly. She went down on him for a few minutes and then turned around and settled down on his cock. She sat there with him inside of her. She leaned down and kissed him.

"Wade, I want to be with you" 

"You are with me, Carrie."

"No Wade, I want us to be together" 

"I think we can work something out, Carrie" 

"You're just saying that because I'm sitting on your cock, Wade"

"Get off and I'll say it too" 

She leaned down and kissed him again. She rode him slow and deep. Rotating her hips around his cock. She tossed her head back, reached behind them and massaged his balls. 

"You wanna cum, Wade?" 

"Yes Carrie, of course" 

"Okay." She got off of him and moved onto her hands and knees. Lion Style. Wade came up behind her and slid deep into her pussy. He made love to her with long slow strokes. She began to egg him on. Begging him to cum deep inside her. She was pushing back against him. He began to feel it. He leaned over her back, kissed her, and told her he was ready to come.

"Do it," she breathed. And squeezed him from inside as hard as she could. He groaned and breathed out her name. He pushed as deep as possible and forced his cum inside of her. She could have sworn she felt it deep within. They both collapsed on the bed. He rolled over and was on top of her again. 

"Wade? Can you go once more?" 

"If you want to"

"I want to fall asleep with you inside of me."

"Can't, you'll have to wake up and leave"

"Not tonight, Wade. My parents have gone to visit my sister for the night. I'm staying the night with that girl Bethy from class. If they want to get in touch with me, they have to call me on my cell." 

She reached down and guided him into her one more time. They loved slowly. They came together this time. She turned into his arm and whispered to him. 

"Things are looking up for your prostate. Goodnight. Sweet dreams. Sleep sweet, Wade."