 Carrie, an eighteen year old college freshman, lucked out in the housing lottery and ended up sharing a three person suite with two other girls. Their suite had three bedrooms and a shared kitchen, bathroom, and living area with couches.

Carrie is 5'6" and curvy. She is a full figured girl but definitely not fat. Her hair is strawberry blond hair and falls just down to her shoulders. She never understood why so many girls starved themselves to death for their body. She liked having a little meat on her bones.

Carrie had only had one serious boyfriend before going to college but broke it off with him because she was afraid that she was missing out on something by staying with her high school crush.

She had always been a good student and was well behaved. Her teachers loved her because she always did all of her work and never acted out. Even at home she always followed the rules.

Halfway through her first semester she was dying to have some fun and let her hair down. She had still only had sex with one guy and she wanted to change that. She didn't care who it was but she knew she was going to have sex with someone.

The only obstacle was her shyness. Carrie was a very pretty girl but couldn't bring herself to break out of her shell and meet new people. 

After thinking it over she decided that her best bet would be to get drunk. Every time she drank, which wasn't very often, she would open up more. She figured that all she needed was a little push to break out of her shell.

As the weekend approached Carrie was dying with anticipation. She picked out an outfit, but everyday decided on something else. She was a mess of nerves at the prospect of going out and having sex with someone she didn't even know.

She liked her roommates but they almost never went out anymore. She tried all week to convince them to come out and party with her but they just wanted to stay in the dorm with their boyfriends and get drunk.

Friday finally came around and she made one last attempt to get her roommates to go out with her, but they again turned her down. Instead they suggested that she stay in with them and drink in their suite.

Since getting drunk was part of her plan she decided to hang out with her roommates for a little before going out to the party. The five of them sat around in their living room playing drinking games until the beer ran out.

Her roommates were the only ones with fake IDs so they left to get more beer. When they left Carrie went to her room to get ready for the party, leaving the two boyfriends, Mark and Jeff, alone in the living room.

Heading to her room Carrie realized that she was already a lot drunker than she thought.

For her big night out Carrie picked out a simple floral print dress and a set of matching pink satin bra and panties. As she put on her high heels she started having second thoughts about her outfit. 

Not again...

"Why don't I just ask the guys which dress is better?"

Carrie walked back into the living room wearing the floral dress and carrying two other, one in each hand.

"Guys, I need your help picking out an outfit. Which dress do you like better?"

"Come over here so we can see you better"

Carrie walked over to them and stopped right in front of the couch to show off her outfit. 

"Ok, now turn around."

She did a little twirl and waited for their decision.

"It's hard to say. I like what you're wearing now, but I need to see you in the other dresses to decide."

Carrie felt her heart racing as a naughty thought slipped into her mind. The beer must have already broken down her defenses because she decided to change right there in front of the boys.

She hung up the two dresses on the back of a chair and reached up to unzip the one she was wearing letting it fall to the floor. 

Her heart was pounding in her chest standing in front of her roommates' boyfriends wearing nothing but underwear and high heels. 

Her high school boyfriend was the only guy she had ever undressed in front of before.

A chill ran through her body and suddenly she didn't feel shy, she felt empowered watching the way that they ogled her plump body.

Enjoying the moment she took her time stepping out the dress on the floor and slowly picked it up and folded it before putting it down on the table next to her.

Just as slowly she walked back to the chair and picked up another dress. This one was a simple short black dress. Sliding it over her head she realized that it had spaghetti straps and so she couldn't wear a bra with it. 

After the dress was on she reached back and unsnapped her bra pulling it through the arm hole of the dress and tossing it to the side.

"I like this one better"

"Yeah, me too. Turn around again let us see the back of it."

Carrie was relishing the attention and instead of a quick twirl she slowly turned her back to the boys. With her back to the couch she leaned over and grabbed her ankles with her hands. She could feel the soft material of the dress slide up the back of her legs and over her butt as she bent over. She knew that her pink panties must be clearly visible to the guys at this angle and lingered while shifting her weight from side to side before standing back up. 

Carrie slowly brought her body back up letting her hands trail along the outside of her legs until they reached the hem of her dress. Her fingers kept moving up a little bit further, pulling up the sides of her dress before she finally turned back to face the guys.

She would never forget the expressions on their faces. Their mouths hung open and their eyes were as wide as saucers. 

Without even waiting for them to speak she said "Ok, one more to go."

She reached up and unzipped the dress letting it fall to the floor just like the last one. 

Except this time she wasn't wearing a bra. 

She stepped backwards out the dress and slowly leaned forward giving them a good view of her large breasts as she leaned over. She again took her time folding it up and placing it on the table before getting the next dress.

The third one was a tight red dress that hugged her ample curves. She pulled this dress up her legs and made sure to wiggle around as much as possible while sliding it on. 

Smoothing the dress out over her body she decided that panty lines would be unsightly so she reached up under her dress and pulled her panties down. In the process her dress was hiked up around her waist and offered the boys a clear shot of her hairy light red bush. 

She bent over to pick up her panties and tossed them off to the side with her bra. 

Standing up again she ran her hand across her pussy and gently massaged it for a moment before pulling the dress back down.

She nonchalantly asked them what they thought of this dress.

She saw that they were speechless and loved every second of it.

"Oh wait, I didn't show you the back of this one."

Carrie slowly turned around once again and with her back to them she spread her legs apart and bent over grabbing her ankles. This dress was a little shorter than the last one and with her legs spread apart it slid up over her round ass fully exposing her moist pussy to them.

"You don't think that this dress shows off too much do you?" She asked coyly.

"n.. n.. no not at all."

"You look great Carrie."

Slowly Carrie let her hands drift back up her legs. This time her hands came up the insides of her legs and lingered on her pussy. 

The air was perfumed with her scent as she rubbed herself in front of her roommates' boyfriends. Carrie pushed one finger inside of her wet pussy causing her to let out a little moan.

"So, which dress should I wear out tonight boys?"

"They all look good."

"What kind of party is it?"

Carrie slipped another finger inside of her pussy.

"uhhhhh, I don't know yet. I was... unnnhhhh.... just going to go to frat... unnnggghhhh... ... row..."

Carrie's body trembled as an orgasm swept over her body. Short of breath she stood back up and turned to face the guys on the couch with her dress still hiked up leaving her dripping pussy on display.

Realizing that she had a perfect opportunity right in front of her Carrie ripped off her dress and threw it on the couch between Mark and Jeff.

"I don't know about you guys, but I'm very horny right now."

She walked up to Jeff leaned in to pull off his shorts. He lifted his butt up to help her and she flung them across the room.

In an instant she had crawled up onto the couch and was straddling Jeff's lap. She brought her mouth to his as she lowered herself onto his hard cock.

"ohhhhhhhh...."

Their lips met but Jeff immediately came inside of her before Carrie even knew what had happened.

"Well, that sucked."

Turning to Mark she said "I hope you've got more in you than Jeff."

She pushed herself up off the couch and moved over to Mark who had already taken his pants off.

Carrie again assumed the position on Mark's lap letting his hard cock slide right into her waiting pussy.

"Oh Mark. Your cock is so much bigger than Jeff's"

She was enjoying the power she over the two of them and wanted them to know who was in charge.

Carrie rocked her hips into Jeff's and leaned in to kiss him. Her large breasts were crushed against his chest as they kissed.

He pumped his cock deep inside of her.

She had never before felt this level of sexuality.

Every touch, every movement was turning her on more. 

Her moans increased with every thrust of his cock into her but they were muffled by his mouth.

She felt herself on the edge when he finally erupted inside of her. Mark's cock shot wave after wave of hot sticky cum into her sopping wet pussy. 

The first blast of cum inside of her pushed her over the edge and her body shuddered as she came again. Her pussy wrapped around his hard cock. Their spasms alternated; following each burst of cum from Mark's cock Carrie's pussy clenched tighter around him.

She sat on his lap waiting for them both to finish when she heard a key in the door.

Her roommates!

She jumped off the couch and quickly grabbed her clothes before dashing back into her room with Mark and Jeff's cum dripping down her legs.

Minutes later she reappeared in the same tight red dress with no visible panty lines. 

Her roommates asked if she wanted to hang out some more, but she said that she had a party to get to.

With her two roommates in the kitchen she blew their boyfriends a kiss as she walked through the suite and out the door ready for her big night out.