 It had been six months since I had seen my lovely wife of six years, Carrie. I was now heading to Bulgaria for some much needed rest, and she was to meet me at a hotel there. She had flown in the day before from the States in order to give her some time to recuperate from the long flight and jet lag.

As the bus pulled up to the hotel, my heart was pounding. The anticipation of seeing her was killing me. Carrie has a knack for surprises and I tried to guess what was going to be waiting for me. One time before she had worn a set of camouflage underwear that she really looked showed off ber beautiful body. I had to put my carry on over my waist area to hide the hard on that I had been sporting for the past hour. I thought my cock was going to rip through my pants. 

After a small briefing on the do's and don'ts, I was given the room number, and was told that she had been given the extra key. The elevator seemed to take forever. I couldn't get there quick enough.

I knocked on the door. A sweet sultry voice on the other side asked who it was. She was toying with me but I replied that it was me. She opened the door just enough to let me in, but why was she behind it? As I entered the room I could see why. She was dressed in a two piece candy bikini, and the first words were, "Do you want to eat me?" How could I refuse an offer like that, sol, I shut the door, pushed her up against the wall and we fell into a long passionate kiss. She moaned softly as I pushed my pelvis into hers. I stroked her smooth body and nipped and licked her neck. She reached down to both unbuckle my belt and to feel my hard cock through my pants. She could tell that I was glad to see her.

Making our way over to the bed, my clothes went flying. Kneeling between my legs as she sat me on the bed, her top came off exposing her beautiful 34C breasts. She loves having her nipples played with so I did this as her warm and inviting mouth kissed and licked my shaft; her soft hands stroking me all the while. I was seeing stars.

I laid her on the bed. Starting at Carrie's neck, I trailed kisses down her shoulders. I pushed her tits together and nibbled on her hard nipples. She let me know that she liked what I was doing. I removed her candy panties, then straddled her and pushed my cock into her very wet pussy. To tease her, I pulled out of her, put the head of my cock just inside her and waited for her to push me all the way into her. I had no intentions of finishing this way. We looked at each other in lust as our bodies grinded in rhythm

I whispered in her ear that I wanted her to sit on my face. I rolled over on my back and anxiously awaited my wife's very tasty pussy. As she mounted my face, she leaned against the wall for support and I started right away attacking her clit while pinching and caressing her breasts. It was fun feeling Carrie writhe all over, soaking my face with her juices. 

Carrie slid off of my face and turned around, mounted my face again, bent over and started sucking my cock. I gasped as she wasted no time engulfing me completely. I had missed the way she makes me feel. Several times I had to slow her down or I was going to burst. My tongue darted back and forth on her clit as her tongue swirled over the head of my cock. We came at the same time and we were quite loud. Carrie swallows but I knew that there was no way she could handle all of my cum. I could feel it dripping down my shaft. I took a deep breath and closed my eyes for a second. When I opened them, Carrie was in my face mouth closed. She kissed me deeply. The thought of tasting myself may have sickened me before, but I was in such afterglow, that I had no trouble responding.

The whole 3 ½ days we spent together were filled with much of the same intensity of sex.