 Carrie was leaving on vacation. She had a whole week to be by herself and she was happy to get away from everything. She had been very stressed out lately and she needed to get everything off her mind. She was 35 years old, though she could pass for 18. Age had never worn her down. Her skin was still smooth and flawless, her breasts still sat up proudly on her chest, and her ass was still very tight. The saddest part about her life was she was still a virgin in every since of the word. She had never been into masturbation and had never found a man interesting enough to have sex with. 

Her flight was leaving at 5:45 in the morning and she hadn't been able to sleep that night. She was always nervous when it came to flying and had tossed and turned all night. At 2:00 she had to force herself out of bed. She had already packed but the drive to the airport was two hours long and she liked to get there early just incase they was a cancellation or change in the scheduling. As she showered and dressed she cursed herself for being so organized and prepared all the time. If she had some spunk and spontaneous then she could have laid in bed for at least another hour and gotten there right when the plane took off. She finished dressing and looked one last time in the mirror to make sure her long hair was in its proper place and that her make-up looked all right. 

Once satisfied, she picked up her suitcases and carried on bag, went out to her car and wished then that she had worn a light jacket. It was a very chilly morning for being June. "Oh well," she thought to herself, "Maybe the air will wake me up and I won't need a jacket at the beach anyway." At the thought of where she was going she got happier. She was from Kansas and had never seen the ocean before and now she would get the chance. She was going to Hawaii. Her thoughts turned to happy ones about the tropical breezes and beaches that she would be enjoying there and the fact that she would know no one at all. 

When she got to the airport it was practically deserted. She really didn't like the sound of her high heels clicking on the floor; it was like a scene right out of a horror movie. Lone beautiful women walking down a deserted hallway, the only sounds are her own heartbeat and shoes. She giggled and said to herself, "Carrie, my girl, you let your imagine nation run to wild sometimes." She continued on to where she was to turn in her luggage and show her ticket humming a tune the whole way to keep the bad thoughts out. After her luggage was turned in she still had about an hour before the flight would take off. Luckily, there was a little coffee shop open and she went in. 

She wasn't happy that they didn't have just regular old coffee so she settled on some hot chocolate and a large blue berry muffin. She went over to where the condiments for all the different flavored coffees where and got a weird look from the clerk as she began to pour half-and-half into the chocolate. She could never drink coffee, tea, or cocoa without cream or milk. It was always to hot for her taste and she liked to drink it down quickly instead of waiting for it to cool on its own. She didn't acknowledge the girls look and sat herself down at a table that faced away from the door. She had never been the type of person who was interested in looking up to see every single body that walked through the door. 

After peeling back half the paper on the huge muffin she reached into her purse to produce her new novel that was bought solely for this trip. She opened the book and began to read. She had gotten so into it that she had forgotten about her food and drink. Then all of a sudden she heard someone say "You going to eat that muffin? It looks rather lonely sitting there all by itself." She just about jumped out of her seat and the book fell out of her hands. Which she was annoyed with since she had no idea what page she had been on. She looked up to see a very attractive man standing directly in front of her. His own muffin and drink in hand. "Jeeze you scared the crap out of me!" 

She said. "I'm sorry, didn't mean to do that to such a pretty young lady." He said with a sly smile on his handsome face. "Young, whatever. It's all right, just next time tap me lightly on the shoulder when you have an inquiry about my lonesome muffin." He then without an invite sat himself down at the table. She looked at him surprisingly, most men that crossed her path would give her a second glance and a pleasing smile but none had been so bold to just come and sit with her. "So, what's your name?" He asked. The playful smile still on his face. 

"Carrie, what's yours? Oh great muffin saver." With that he laughed. He had a nice laugh not to loud or to soft but just right and she had to admit to herself kind of sexy. He had a low pitched voice with a very subtle timbre that made everything he said sound like the most important thing in the world. Still chuckling he told her that his name was Rick. After they had gotten all the normal small talk out of the way, where each other lived, where they worked, and of coarse if each one was single, they annonced that the flight Carrie was on would be taking off. She apologized and got up from the table. Rick got up with her, being the gentleman he was, and give her a small peck on the cheek. "Have a nice flight, Dear I'll see you soon." She was taken back up that statement but had no time to ask further questions. 

She went to her terminal and was again surprised to find that she was the only one boarding. When she was aboard the plan she looked around and only saw about 20 other people on the plane. She thought to herself that it was nice to not be crowded in and settled down comfortably in her chair. She again fished into her purse to produce her book and while rummaging around heard that all to familiar voice say, "Did you forget something?" She looked up to see Rick standing over her, her book in hand. "Well, again you come to the rescue, first my lonely muffin and now my book." She said smiling. "How come you didn't tell me you were on the same flight when I got up to leave?"

"I thought it would be a nice surprise." He said that sly smile coming back on to his face. "It is a very nice surprise, I must say." Carrie said, feeling her face flush at the same time. He again smiled down at her and sat himself in the seat next to hers. "Is that where you are suppose to be?" She asked teasingly. "I'd be anywhere you are, my Dear." She again felt the blood rise in her face. She bent her head down to hide her embarrassment from him. She felt his fingers go under her chin and slowly raised her head back up. "Do not hide that pretty face of yours from my all to admiring eyes Carrie." 

All she could do was nod her head. He let go of her and turned his attention to the stewardess who was giving them all last minute instructions on what do to if the plane should go down. Carrie hated this part and chooses to find her place in her book and focus on that. She felt Rick's eyes on her again and she looked up to meet his ice blue eyes. "Why are you not listening to the instructions?" He asked her with a teasing smile. "I hate this part." She admitted. Then proceeded to tell him how she hated flying in general. It really scared her to death. He looked at her, grabbed her hand and said "Do not be afraid for you have me, the great muffin saver, to be with you on this flight!" Carrie couldn't hold back and started to laugh. The girl in front of them giving out the instructions looked over to them annoyingly but they both ignored her. "Well, as long as I have you I guess I can't be scared. If you can save a lonely muffin, then you can save this lonely woman too."

"I can and I will, you lovely little thing." They fell silent then, hands still entwined. Carrie asked if he minded if she read for that was really the only thing that calmed her nerves. His reply was pulling out his own novel and showing it to her. They both began to read. She'd glance up every now and again to look at him, asking herself if this one could finally be it. Is this the man that her virginity would be lost to? She sure hoped so. 

About an hour and a half into the flight she felt his gaze on her. She pretended not to notice and kept on reading. Then to her surprise he felt his hand on her knee. She thought about looking up then but kept staring at her book. Slowly his hand went up her leg and rested on her inner thigh. She thought to herself, "How far is he going to go?" She kept looking at the pages. She was hoping he'd go further but didn't acknowledge the fact that he was even touching her. Further and further his hand slid up her skirt. She felt a sensation go through her body that she had never felt before. She felt her own juices start to seep out of her aching pussy. She wanted badly to hurry his process along but still kept staring at her book. Finally after what seemed to take forever for her, she felt his fingers flick her hard clit. Her body shook and she could no longer ignore him. She looked up from her book, her own crystal blue eyes blazing with passion, her face red from desire. He smiled at her, his own face showing what he wanted. "That's a girl Carrie, I want you to cum for me."

"What about you?" She asked in short breaths. "You can worry about me later, right now this is all for you." With that he began to rub at her clit harder, coming down to moisten his fingers then swiftly back up to her bud. It did not take Carrie long to cum. She had to bite down on her lower lip and grab both arms of the chair hard to keep from screaming out as her orgasm took over her body. Her head thrashed from side to side as she fought hard to keep her moans back. Her body shook violently in the chair and she was happy then that no one had sat behind her. The chair shook with her as the last wave came to her. She felt her cream shoot out and then fell limp, her head coming to rest on Rick's shoulder. He pulled his hand away and looked at it. "My, my that must have been one hell of an orgasm!" She looked at his hand and saw her juices dripping from his fingers. "It was actually the first one I've ever had." She said a bit shyly. He just looked at her and smiled. "You had better go and clean your hand up." Still staring at her, he brought his hand up to his mouth and began to lick them clean. She stared at him with amazement on her face but to watch him do this turned her on greatly. "Mmmmm you taste so good Carrie, I can't wait until we land." I can't wait either, she thought to herself. She looked down then and saw his hardness. "I feel bad, look at you! You're all worked up. Are you sure there is nothing I can do for you?"

"Well, you could if you so wanted. Would you like to follow me back into the bathroom?"

"Yes, I would, anything to give you the pleasures that you have just given me." She stood up to make her way back to the tiny stall they called a bathroom. "Hold on a minute Dear." Rick said. She watched as he put his hand in his pants and adjust himself. "Wouldn't want anyone getting the wrong impression you know?" She giggled and proceeded to the back of the plane. Making sure none of the staff was watching they both entered the bathroom. It hardly fit both of them in there and she really didn't know what she could do for him in such a small space. She looked to him for guidence. The thought crossed her mind that he would make her give him oral pleasure and she got scared. She had never done anything of the sort and she didn't want to hurt him in any way. As though he read her mind he said, "No, Carrie I will not make you give me any head. You'll have to learn how to first." 

Relieved she asked him what he wanted. He told her that a good old fashion hand job would do for now but when they landed she had better believe that he'd pin her down and fuck her right. She sat down on the toilette and unzipped his pants. She freed his cock and began to stroke it. Teasingly at first slowly massaging the tip then bringing her fingers all the way down his shaft to his balls to massage them gently. "Faster girl, or people will start to wonder and spit on that hand of yours to lube up this hard dick." Rick said through clenched teeth. She took her hand away and brought it to her lips. She noisily spit on it and brought it back to his organ. She began to jack him hard and fast. Telling him to cum for her. "Here it comes, Carrie! Catch at all in your mouth!" She brought the head of his dick to her mouth and took it in, while she stroked him she sucked greedily, wanting to taste him. She felt him explode and almost choked on all the hot sperm that flowed from him. She swallowed it down, not missing a drop, bringing her tongue up and sticking the tip of it in his hole to ensure that he had been drained dry. He pulled away from her, patted her on the head and said "Good girl, I feel much better now." She smiled up at him, happy to have pleased him. He opened the door and once again looked around to make sure the coast was clear. They got back into their seats and sat quietly for the rest of the flight. 

When they landed they both went to retrieve their luggage. Carrie asked, "So, where are you staying?"

"Wherever you are Love." She liked that very much. She had wondered on the plane if they'd go there separate ways afterwards. After they had all their bags they took a cab to Carrie's hotel room. She began to settle in but Rick had other plans. He came up behind her as she was bending over her suitcase. "May I say that you have a very nice ass?"

"Well, you already said it so I guess the answer is yes you may." Carrie giggled. "Take those clothes off. I'm dying to see you naked." Carrie turned around and began to slowly shed her clothes, dancing a little as she did so. Her shirt slowly slipped from her shoulders to reveal the sexy black bra she had on underneath. "Nice, very nice! Give me more please!" Rick said. She reached behind her and unhooked her bra letting it slid down until it fell off. Her full breasts were exposed, her nipples became hard immediately. She brought her hands up and massaged her own tits, bringing her nipples in between her fingers and pinching little while still swaying her hips. "Yes, yes! More please Carrie, I've got to see that pussy!" She took her skirt down showing off the matching thong to her lacy bra. She turned around to show Rick her ass and slowly brought her panties down, bending over until her head almost touched the ground. Rick hurriedly shed his own clothing and caught her in the same position.

He brought his around to her tits and began to fondle them while he thrust his cock in between her tightly closed legs. She felt his tool start to rub at her clit and spread her legs wider for him to have better access. He teased her pussy with his dick for a while and then told her he was ready to enter her. She braced herself as she felt the head go into her tight virgin pussy. She whimpered a little at the pain as the rest of him slid into her. "It's all right baby, take deep breaths. Tell me when you're ready and I'll begin to move." He let his dick stay inside her fighting his own desire to fuck her, letting her get use to the size of him. She told him she was ready and he began to gently move, bringing his cock in and out of her cunt slowly. She loved the feel of him and wanted him to go faster. "Come on Rick fuck me! I want to cum all over you!" He moved faster slamming his stomach into her ass, fucking her as hard as he could. He knew at this pace, with her pussy so tight he would not last long. He felt her tighten even more and knew she was going to cum. "That's it Carrie cum for me again, soak my cock with your cream." She began to scream loving to hear him talk to her as she was cumming. "I can't hold off anymore, I'm going to cum too."

"Oh yes! Cum in my pussy Rick, I want to feel you fill my cunt up." He made one final thrust and let himself go in her. She moaned when she felt his seed shoot into her twat. He pulled out and she turned around to face him. "How was that? Sorry, I couldn't last longer but you are way to tight."

"That's fine, it was great, wonderful, the best thing that ever happen to me!"

"Okay, okay, thank you!" Rick said with a smile. 

Carrie went into the shower to clean up. When she came out she put on her bathing suit and wrapped a towel around her waist. Rick had fallen asleep on the bed and she came around and kissed his forehead. He opened his eyes and looked up at her. "Is it morning already?" He asked that playful smile once again coming to his face. "No, silly. I'm going to the beach care to join me?"

"Let me find my trunks." Rick rummaged through his very disorganized suitcase and finally found his shorts. "AHA! I was beginning to wonder if I had forgotten them!" Carrie giggled at him, something she found herself doing a lot now. She had never really been a giggler before. After slipping into his trunks they left the room and went down to the beach. It was still early so not many people were out. They found a nice spot to put down there towels and sat staring out at the beautiful blue water. Rick turned his head and looked at Carrie, "I bet I can beat you to the water."

"I bet not! You might be the all mighty muffin saver but I can run a whole lot fast then you!" They both jumped to their feet running as fast as they could to the water. Carrie was in the lead and beat Rick to the water. "See I told you!"

"Yeah, okay you have me beat in running, but never will you beat me in muffin saving!" This made Carrie giggle again. She loved the way Rick made her feel. She told herself not to be falling for this guy because it probably wouldn't last. She began to swim out and let the waves carry her back. The feel of the salty water exhilarated her skin. The water was very warm and for some reason just floating on top of the water was making her horny again. Rick came up beside her and grabbed her around the waist. He brought his lips to hers and kissed her deeply. "You turn me on so much Carrie, I don't think I'll ever get enough of you."

"I don't want you to." She said before he planted another passionate kiss. As the waves lapped around them they began to stroke each other, both hungry again. Rick lifted Carrie up and she wrapped her legs around his waist. He moved her bikini bottoms over and pulled his shorts down. He entered her with no warning this time and she gasped at the enjoyment of his dick once again working out her cunt. As they fucked each other in the water more people began to arrive. They had no idea of what was going on between them and Carrie heard an older lady swim past them how nice it was to see to young people so much in love. Carrie and Rick both almost laughed but kept quite as they continued on. "I'm going to cum Rick. Your cock feels so good in my hot pussy."

"Good, I love to watch you cum. You're face is so pretty when filled with all your desire for me." Carrie wanted to hold back. She knew he wouldn't cum as quickly as before but she couldn't. She pressed her body tighter to his and again had to bite down on her lip so that she wouldn't make a sound. She felt the release of her juices and a slight moan escaped her lips as she was once again taken by her orgasm. "You are such a good girl for me Carrie." I'm about to be any even better one." It was Rick's turn to look confused. Carrie pushed away from him and drove under the water. She found his organ and placed it in her mouth. She knew she could hold her breath for at least a minute and a half before having to come up. She didn't think that that would be enough time to cum but she knew that he'd enjoy it. She was a little scared again. She had never done this before. 

She thought to herself, "How hard could it be? Just make sure your teeth don't catch it." She sucked his dick as best she could, taking in as much as she could handle without choking herself. She sucked him in hard. She wanted badly to taste him again. His hands came down and he placed them on her head. Holding it tightly to him. She could only guess that he was going to cum soon and hoped she could hold her breath long enough for it to happen. He thrusted his cock hard into her mouth and she tasted the first squirts of his jizm. She had to come up for air and released his hands from her head. As she came up she grabbed on to him and felt the rest of his cum go into her hand. "Now it is my time to ask…how was that?"
