 Another story based on a game. This one's based on Knights of the Old Republic. If you have never played it, it might behoove you to skip to the end. Either way, I hope you enjoy it.

*

Carth's back was to Callista as she approached him. He was pretending to be busy but it was obvious that he was distracted and not fully paying attention to what he was doing. Callista hesitated, then spoke. 

"Carth." 

He ignored her. 

"Carth, can we please talk?" 

She saw his shoulders relax, ever so slightly, from the guard he had put up. 

"What," he said, in a completely flat tone. 

"Please at least look at me. I can't talk to your back." 

He sighed, and turned to face her. His expression was impassive, but she had known him for a long time now and been through a lot with him, and she knew he was hurting. His jaw was set in just that way. 

Callista sighed, and tried to gather her thoughts in the face of his coolness. 

"Carth. Carth, I know you're hurt. Everything you ever feared came true. I am who you were afraid of - a traitor to my own people. I was...Revan. I was the embodiment of so many nightmares, and I did everything they said I did. I was responsible for the deaths of so many people. 

"But, Carth, I am not that person anymore. My name is Callista now. I don't even remember that past. I swear to you I didn't even know. You know the Council wiped all of my memories and I started anew." 

He spoke up, finally. "But how am I supposed to believe that, Revan?" He said her old name with such venom that she flinched. "All of this time, you've been listening to our plans, practically spying on us. How do I know you won't run back to your old master Malak in a heartbeat?" 

"I won't do that. I don't want anything to do with Malak. Haven't I been working with you all this time? Have I shown any inclination to do anything the way Malak likes it? You're being unfair." 

"I'm being unfair! You can take your unfair and keep it. You're the one who's practically a sleeper agent! And on that note, tell me, did you sleep with Malak? Is that how he became so powerful in your cabal?" 

She reacted as though she had been struck. It certainly felt like it. The question hung in the air for a second, as her jaw dropped, and then she responded, as icily as she could, "That's just like you. A woman in power, and all you can think of is, did she fuck around? Did she fuck her second-in-command? And you know what the fucking sad thing is? I can't even deny it, because I don't remember!" 

And with that Callista turned and headed out. She managed to keep her composure until she reached the sleeping quarters in the ship, and shut the door. She sat in her bed, in a rage, and then the tears came, and she couldn't control them. Callista laid her head on her knees and wept bitterly. 

Out in the main room, Carth lingered by the viewscreen, idly flipping switches. He felt badly, but he had too much pride to admit it. He didn't really think Callista would betray them, but he had just lashed out in his rage. 

He paced up and down once or twice. Finally, sighing, he got up and headed down the hall to the crew quarters. The door was shut, so he stopped to listen. No noise came from inside, so he knocked gently. 

"Yes?" came Callista's voice from inside. 

"Callista? It's me, Carth." 

There was silence for a moment. Then, "Come in." 

He opened the door and stepped inside, closing it behind him. The room was quiet. Callista was in her bed, knees tucked up against her, head resting on her knees. Her face was hidden by her hair...come to think of it, Carth realized he had never seen her with her hair down before this point. She always kept it in a neat braid, and it was always knotted back before she even came out of the room she stayed in with Mission and some of the other members of the crew. 

It was down now, and it was beautiful. Jet black, it fell in heavy curls across her neck and side, and suddenly, with her hair down, she looked very vulnerable. 

"Callista." 

"Hmm?" The voice was slightly muffled. 

"Can I sit down?" 

She shrugged. 

He considered, and finally sat on the opposite end of the bed from her. 

There was silence for a moment, and finally he reached out and gently rested his hand on her foot. She lifted her head, slowly, and looked at him. It was clear she had wiped her eyes but they were still red and puffy and Carth felt contrite. 

"Callista. I'm...well, I'm really sorry. It was a shitty thing of me to say."

She sniffed. "Yes, it was, Carth. But you were right, too." 

"Sorry?" 

She looked so sad as she said, "I don't know who I am. Maybe I am Revan. Maybe I'm everything you said - a traitor to us all." Callista sat up. "I just can't remember anything. I really wish I could." 

His hand tightened around her foot. "I think you're wrong. And I think I'm wrong." 

Callista looked up at him. "What makes you think that?" 

"I've been wrong before," he laughed, "on occasion. But it's more than that. Callista, I lashed out at you out of fear, you know that, right?" 

"At the heart of every word said in anger is a kernel of truth." 

"Yes, you're right, there. The truth is I'm afraid of what's going to happen. Of what the future will bring, and yes, of what you will do. But..." and here he looked down at his hands. "I fear because I really care about you, you know? I wasn't able to protect my wife. I couldn't get there in time. I know it's not my fault...but it still eats at me. If I'm to go forward at this point, if I am to find a life beyond my wife at all, it has to be in protecting you. In taking care of you. And I shouldn't drive you away. I am lucky to find a beautiful, smart woman like yourself...even if you are extremely stubborn." 

He looked up at Callista, who was watching him, and listening raptly to every word he said. 

"So...can you forgive me? I know I come off as kind of an...ogre sometimes. I guess that's a good word. What do you say?" 

Her eyes met his. "You think I'm beautiful?" 

Carth laughed. "I guess I'll take that as a 'yes'." 

She smiled at him, and it lit up her whole face. Moving closer, he reached up and tucked a stray lock of hair behind her ear. She smiled at his touch. 

"So...what do we do now?" 

He laughed again, and leaned forward, putting his arms across her knees, only inches from her face. "I have no idea. It's been a long time since I've been in this position." 

"What position would that be?" she asked coyly. He was only wearing a light t-shirt, and it fell open slightly as he leaned forward, allowing her a glimpse of the dark hair on his chest. 

"This position. Well, you know." 

"No. I don't. I can honestly say I don't. Or at least I don't remember....if I've ever been in this situation." 

"Well." He was forced to concede the point - she was right there. "That would be this particular position." And so saying, he leaned in and kissed her. It was brief and it was gentle, but it sent tingles up both of their spines. She shivered. 

"It's funny that in my memory, at least, that's my first kiss." 

"Mmm. How does it feel?" 

She shrugged. "I don't know." 

Carth blinked. "You don't know?" 

"Nope. Can't tell." 

"What on earth..." but she had reached out and covered his mouth with her soft hand. "Relax, Carth. I was only joking." 

"Dammit, woman, you can be the most infuriating person I have ever known. I've half a mind to take you over my knee." 

She raised an eyebrow. "Is that a promise?" A playful streak had entered her. 

"Uh...I'm not even going to go there." 

"Now you're chicken, huh?" 

"What? Am not." 

"Well, then?" 

"Are you serious?" 

She turned her head to one side, her hair falling in front, silkily. "That's for you to decide, Carth. You know. Being the ogre and all."

His eyes darkened. "Don't push me," he mock-growled, sitting up. 

In answer she turned and looked sharply at him from under her lashes, and then.... reached out with her bare foot, planted it right in the middle of his chest, and....pushed. She gave him a challenging look. 

Carth felt his blood boil...and his cock stiffen, at her challenge. He considered only a second before he reached and, catching her hand, tumbled her forward into his lap. She yelped, and fought him, and he brought his other arm to bear. She was giggling, actually giggling, something he had never heard her do, but fighting him fiercely at the same time. For a few moments there was no sound except for his grunts and her giggles.

Callista was having fun, which was unusual enough, but as they squirmed together, she in his lap, his arms around her, trying to pin her down, she felt herself beginning to get aroused. How could one not? Carth's body was hard everywhere she was soft, flat belly, muscular thighs, strong arms...and was that his cock, pressed against her thigh? But in the next second she had squirmed away from him again, fighting furiously. How far was he going to take this, she wondered?

And would she mind, were he to go as far as he had intimated? 

Carth's only advantage was that he was stronger than her, and that she really didn't want to hurt him. Once he got her wrists in his hands, he thought it would be all over, but she still fought, causing him to hold her wrists much tighter than he had wanted to. But eventually, the fight went his way, and suddenly she was across his lap, face down into the bed, and he had her wrists held tight behind her. 

"Let me go, Carth!" she said, trying to kick him. But try as she might she could not break free. 

He didn't answer right away, just ensured he had a good solid grip on her wrists. He had never noticed that she was actually a rather small girl. She wore loose clothes and had a personality that was larger than life, but his hands were large enough that he could grip both of her wrists in one hand. 

She continued struggling, but he leaned heavily on her, and spoke. "You stop that right now." 

"Oh, yes, you say it and I obey, O Master. Don't you know me better than that?" 

"Oh, you'll listen." And with that he dropped his free hand heavily onto her bottom. She gasped, feeling it press against her lightly. Immediately all her movement stopped. 

"I told you not to push me."

"Carth? Carth, you're kidding. I was just joking. Look, I'm sorry, really. Please?" 

He hesitated for one second. If he hadn't judged her right...but then he had seen the look on her face when he had mentioned taking her over his knee. "Hmmph," he said, and raised the hand and brought it down on her ass. 

WHACK! 

She jumped. All was silent. Carth could feel her taking it in.

God, that had felt surprisingly good, she thought. It had stung - he hadn't been gentle - but at the same time, it was incredibly erotic, being pinned down like this across his lap. She could feel his heavy cock leaning against her hip, and knew it was affecting him, too. 

This wasn't how you started a new relationship, though, was it? But then again, she had quite never followed the rules before, why start now? Still, that was no reason to let him know. At least not yet. 

"Carth..." her voice was dangerous now, and unsurprisingly, very sexy. 

"Yes?" He waited for her to start to answer, and, just as she did, raised his hand and brought it down on her ass again. 

WHACK! This one really stung. 

Suddenly she started fighting him, really fighting, and wriggling to get out of his grasp. Even at this moment she was being careful not to really hit him, so he played along, pinning her down, and getting a good firm grip on her, before bringing his hand down on her ass one, two, three more times. He wasn't gentle, some of the frustration from before had come back, and besides, it felt so *good*. 

It felt so good in fact, that he didn't stop at three, and continued spanking her...yes, that's what he was doing, spanking a grown woman, spanking the woman who had been Revan, who had been the Commander of an army, who had been the dirge of so many stories. And what was more was, he thought by her movements she was beginning to like it. She still fought him, but her struggles had lessened, and had that been a tiny little moan he heard? 

Finally he stopped, resting his hand on her bottom. Both of them were panting. Callista lay limply across his lap, though he did not let up the hold on her wrists. Her ass was stinging but and warm, and she felt moistness between her legs. 

"I am going to kill you, Carth Onasi." 

"Oh, yes?" 

"Oh, yes. I think my ass must be all red and sore. I'm way too old for this." 

"I disagree. You're quite young yet. As for the other, shall we check?" 

Silence. Then, "What?" He wouldn't, really, would he? 

"Check." His breathing was coming even faster now. Would he have the courage? His free hand moved to the top of her pants and slid his thumb inside, against her bare skin. 

He heard Callista inhale sharply. "Carth..." but her voice was changed now, more anxious and uncertain and almost young. 

"Do you trust me, Callista?" 

The answer came back promptly. "Not in the least." Pause. Then, she whispered, barely audible, "Completely." 

"Then relax." 

He hooked her pants with his fingers, careful not to also grab the panties he could feel underneath, and began to pull them down, slowly, giving her a chance to speak up and tell him to stop. 

She did not. She shivered, though, as he pulled them down. She could not remember a time when anyone had touched her, gently, or otherwise. 

First her panties came into view. Unsurprisingly, they were silk - he had expected no less of her. Unexpectedly, however, they were pink. 

"I thought you'd be more of a black silk girl," he murmured. She hid her face and murmured something he didn't hear. 

"What was that?" 

"I liked them." 

"I like them, too." 

If he had had any doubts about her wanting to do this they were removed when Callista's pants snagged on her hips, and she obligingly lifted her hips for him. Her wrists were still twisting, trying to get loose of his hands, but she let him continue to work her pants down until they were around the tops of her thighs. 

Her panties were indeed pink silk. No thong here, but they were high-cut on each thigh and a little bunched up from her struggles. On either side he could see soft pale skin. 

Carth suddenly became aware of her breathing again, which was coming quickly. He placed his hand on her panties, and suddenly she grew completely still. 

"Where does it hurt?" He ran his hand over her backside, feeling how delightfully firm and full it was. "Here?" He moved his hand. "Here?" He squeezed, gently, experimentally. "Here?" 

Her voice was almost too faint for him to catch. "All over. It stings all over." His touch was inflaming her skin more than the spanking had, to be honest. 

"Is that so?" He let his hand continue to move over her bottom, exploring it, stroking it, and occasionally squeezing. 

"What happens if I want to make it sting more?" 

Callista turned her head, ever so slightly, and he could see her profile, her hair partially obscuring his view, and he could see her, considering. Shutting her eyes, she decided to take the leap. She let her head drop back down, and in a fairly clear voice which only trembled a little, said, "Why don't you try and see what happens?" 

Carth almost groaned with arousal at this. His cock throbbed again against her hip. He gripped her ass once, and felt her tense in preparation, and raised his hand again to spank her. When his hand met her ass she jumped, and gasped, but did not fight him. 

He smacked her firm round bottom, thinking of all of the lip she had given him, all of the playful arguments. Her ass moved underneath his hand. 

She desperately bit her lip, not wanting to give him the satisfaction. And truth be told, she didn't know, if she opened her mouth, what would come out - a cry of pain or a moan or pleasure? 

On the third whack she could not hold it back any longer and yelped. On the fourth whack she squirmed to try and get away, and by the fifth one, was in regular motion to try and move away from his hand. She cried out regularly, but it was mixed in with moans, and did not induce him to stop. Her twisting was causing her pants to slide down her legs, too, exposing more of her creamy thigh to him. 

As she moved she arched her back and pushed her bottom up right as he was bringing his hand down, and his hand landed partially between her legs. He stopped, dead; her panties were moist. 

She was panting, heavily, but she also became silent as she realized where his hand was. She dropped back down on his lap, dislodging his hand. 

"You like this, don't you?" 

"No, I don't." The answer came too quickly. In truth, she was soaking wet and incredibly turned on. 

"Of course not." He put his hand back on her ass, and soothed her and stroked her for a moment, until he felt her calming down, and then, without warning, he caught the top of her panties and yanked it down, roughly, exposing her bottom to him. Carth immediately put his hand flat on her ass, and she actually moaned, softly. 

"Your ass is all red." He ran his hand tenderly over the marks. Her skin was very white, and indeed it showed up well. Occasionally he could even see a handprint. And from the angle, he could just see the curve of her sex. Her legs were tightly held together. 

Was his hand really on her naked ass? Was she really in this position? And worse yet, was she really enjoying it this much? 

"Shall I make it better?" 

She nodded. "You had better." 

"Of course." He began to stroke her bare ass, running his fingers over the white skin, and exploring her curves. She began to relax, and as she did, her thighs parted slightly, and he could see more of her pretty girlishness, completely hairless, her pussy lips already swollen and even glistening slightly. When his hand finally came to rest, he let his last two fingers drop between her legs, and stroke gently along the length of her slit. He heard her gasp. 

"When was the last time anyone touched you, Callista? Do you remember?" 

She shook her head. "I don't have any memory at all. I think someone must have, but..." she shrugged. 

He let his fingers trace her shape. "I'm going to let go of your wrists, now, Callista. You're not going to cause me any trouble, you?" 

He actually saw her blush as she shook her head again. "No. I won't." God, no. She didn't want to do anything to make him stop. 

Carth did let go of her wrists, and she gently slid her arms out from her sides. She examined her wrists.

"You left marks." She accused him. 

"Sorry," he said, but whatever she was going to say in response was cut off as he slowly slid a finger into her wet cunt. 

"You are soaking wet, you know that?"

"I can't help myself," she sighed, then closed her eyes as he began to move his finger inside her. "Oh, Carth," she whispered. 

Carth let the rest of his fingers uncurl and he cupped her sex, letting his finger rest against her clit, which was swollen and aroused. He began to stroke it, in time with his movements. 

She was leaning on her elbows, her head down in the bed, and he stroked the back of her head with the hand that had been holding her wrists. To his surprise, she turned her head into his hand just like a kitten. Her eyes were closed, and her mouth open, and as he watched, she bit her bottom lip.

His hand felt divine between her legs, penetrating her. She moaned and no longer fought her instincts but opened her legs to him, giving him full access. Her nipples were hard, rubbing against her bra, her cunt was hungry for him, and she hardly cared that this was the first real physical contact they had had, and his fingers were already inside of her. 

He thought her response was sad in a way - had she been so starved for attention that she responded like a kitten to the merest of caresses? But then again he couldn't complain, since it was his touch she was responding to so amorously, and he was sure she hadn't let anybody else get close to her since she came back. 
