 The chronological order of my stories is as follows:

Todd & Melina series, Interludes 1-5, Sperm Wars series, Russian Roulette series, Case of the Murdered Lovers series, Case of the Murdered Chessplayer series, The Swap series, Interludes 6-10, Case of the Black Widow series, Teresa's Christmas Story.

The Case of the Black Badge, Ch. 1

Feedback and constructive criticism is very much appreciated, and I encourage feedback for ideas.

This story contains graphic scenes, language and actions that might be extremely offensive to some people. These scenes, words and actions are used only for the literary purposes of this story. The author does not condone murder, racial or racist language, violence, rape or violence against women, and any depictions of any of these in this story should not be construed as acceptance of the above.



*****

Part 1 - The Black Badge

"Don, have you ever heard of a 'Black Badge'?" Paulina Patterson asked as I strode into the MCD room. Cindy Ross and Martin Nash were also in the room. It was a beautiful mid-February day, sunny but very cold. Just the way I liked it.

"Is this some kind of trick question?" I asked as I sat down. "Our newly-forming SWAT team will have black badges on their combat-ready uniforms so that bright metal won't become a target, but other that that I have no idea what you're talking about."

"It's not a trick question." Cindy said. "Martin heard about 'black badges' a couple of weeks ago, said an informant said something about a 'Black Badge' gang when Sergeant Sharples asked the perp about it. But the reason I ask is because we have a perp in Interrogation-1, some real low-life, and when Martin and I began talking to him he said he was one of 'us', that he was part of the 'Black Badge'. We realized something was up, so we tried to play along, but I think he got suspicious and said he wouldn't talk anymore without his lawyer present."

"Hmm, who was in the room at the time?"

"Me, Martin, and Patrolman Gunn. Gunn insisted on staying in the room and said he was there on Captain Malone's personal orders. And since a uniformed officer has to be present at all interrogations - thanks to Ikea's strong-arm tactics in the past - and we couldn't find Morton, Rudistan or Hicks right away, so we couldn't make Gunn leave."

"Oh, shit." I said. Patrolman Tommy Gunn (yes, that's his name) was a mean-spirited cop who looked English with sparse hair and a jaw that angled to a sharp chin. He seemed to just blend into the Force, his facial features almost nothing in a crowd.

But he hadn't disappeared from my radar, and I'd had my eye on him as a possible mole or dirty cop for whatever organization that appeared to be infesting the Department. "So Gunn said that Captain Malone personally told him to stay on duty there?"

"Yes sir." Martin Nash said. "We took the low-life back to a holding cell, and McGhillie and Johnson are holding the line there for us. Morton and Rudistan are coming back in from their patrol, as well." Martin Nash said.

"Good. All right, here's what I want to do." I said. "First, I need my brown trenchcoat and glasses..."

--

I entered Interrogation-1 from the "front side", the perp side from where a lawyer would be expected to enter. I did not look like a policeman in any way. I was wearing a fedora hat like the Press wears in the comic books, a heavy trenchcoat over what looked like a suit, and heavy gold rimmed glasses that no one else knew were plain glass and had no prescription. I walked in with what looked like a legal portfolio full of papers, borrowed from Paulina.

The perp was already there. He was white, his dirty blonde hair stringy and unkempt. He was young, early twenties, and he looked like he was by no means the sharpest tool in the shed. Something about his face and hair reminded me of "Big Alex", the well-hung young stud that was murdered by Ned ((Author's note: see 'Sperm Wars: Elizabeth Strikes Back!' for more on Big Alex)), but this man was not nearly as physically large as Alex.

"Hi buddy." I said as I sat down beside him, knowing that Cindy, Martin and Paulina were watching from the other side of the one-way mirror. "Have they treated you well?"

"Uh yeah, sure." the guy said. "Uh, you're not our normal lawyer."

"He's busy." I said. "Patrolman, you can wait outside." 

"No sir." Patrolman Gunn said, his voice quiet but menacing, and certainly challenging. "I'll stay right here. You should have no problem with that, should you?"

"It's okay." the perp said as I glared through the glasses at Gunn. "He can stay."

"All right." I said, wondering if Gunn had recognized me yet. I lowered my voice into a conspiratorial whisper. "The reason I'm here, buddy, is that the word is out that you've broken the honor of the Badge."

"I'd never do that!" the perp exclaimed. I cautioned him to keep his voice down by putting my finger over my lips, then glancing pointedly at Patrolman Tommy Gunn.

"The Badge was the biggest honor of my life. I'd never break that!" the perp said, whispering but very agitated.

"That's the word I'm getting from the punks in the holding cell." I whispered. "That's the word I hear, friend."

"I'm not just a Friend, I'm an Associate!" the perp whispered a bit too loudly, still a bit agitated.

"Okay, okay. Listen, buddy, I'll tell you what." I said. "I'll spread the word that you're good and didn't break the honor of the Badge. Stay here for a minute, I'll be back."

I had given a signal by tapping my pen on the table a certain way. Senior Patrolmen Morton and Rudistan came into the room from the police side as I got up. We were not going to leave Gunn alone with this perp in any universe that was reality-based, so Morton was going to stay in the room with them.

Rudistan and I exited back into the perp side and went down the hall towards the front of the Headquarters building. At the desk where arrested suspects had to turn in their personal belongings, I had Rudistan go back inside and retrieve the perp's bag of stuff, not asking the Duty officer to do it.

I examined the wallet that had been taken from the perp. Inside were a few dollars, a drivers license and a couple of worn business cards. I took photos with my iPhone of the cards, then felt around the wallet and felt something hard. It was not difficult to find the hidden compartment. From there I extracted a small, black metal disk which looked like a policeman's badge.

The Town & County Public Safety badges, worn by Police, Fire, EMTs, Deputies and Court personnel, were a gold five-pointed star with a wreath circle around the outer edge, and the Public Safety Department's Great Seal in the middle. By way of contrast, New York City police badges are a 'sunburst' formation of rays coming out from a center circle, and this badge from the perp's wallet looked more like that, except it was not gold but nearly solid black with gray lettering, and a perfect circle of sunburst rays.

I took pictures of the Black Badge, noting that the Seal in the center denoted a closed fist with lightning bolts emitting from it. The inscription "Order of the Black Badge" was printed across the top of the inner circle in gray, barely legible. The word "Associate" was printed on the bottom portion of the circle.

I said to Rudistan "If I didn't know better, I'd think this was some sort of silly child's game run by people who had not grown up and had too much time on their hands. But badges like these cost $50-100 or more to make, so this isn't playing around."

"Yes sir." replied Rudistan, "I'll be on the lookout for more of those."

I placed the Black Badge back in the wallet where I'd found it. I instructed Rudistan to make sure that this particular perp was well-guarded, as his life might be in danger. Then I went around to the front lobby of the Headquarters and made my way back to MCD.

"Excellent work!" Paulina said as she and the Detectives entered the room to join me. "But what does it all mean?

"I don't know." I said. "But this may be the break I've been waiting for to find the moles inside the Police Force. I left the Badge in the guy's wallet so that hopefully this gang won't be tipped off that we're onto them. Guys, let's not say anything to anyone about this. Especially not to anyone in Vice, and double-especially not to Sharples."

Part 2 - Valentine's Day Matings 

"Hell of a time to go give a speech somewhere." I said, needling my wife as she packed her suitcase. "So much for my Valentine's Day plans for you... especially the hours of steamy sex I was going to throw into you."

"Yes, darling," said Laura, "and I'm looking forward to getting my brains absolutely fucked out by you when I get home. But I hope you really didn't have plans for us; this has been on my schedule for weeks."

"I know." I said. "So why Denver in the winter?"

"Because the National Association of Sex Psychology has members that like to go skiing." Laura replied. "They'll go to Vail and ski during the day, drink in the bars at night. By the way, Michelle Schelle, the woman who was murdered in your 'Swap' case, she attended this event every year until she fell out of shape. She used to love skiing."

"I remember something about her being an English professor that studied sexual literature of the past, so why was she in a Sex Psychology association?" I asked.

"She was interested in the psychology of sex in olden times, which led to the writing of the literature she studied." Laura said. "I have to admit, I'm curious about it also, though my research doesn't go there."

"So what else do you do at this event?" I asked. "Gonna pick up any hot young studs off

the slopes while you're there?" I asked suggestively.

"That'd be nice, but the Association members will go ski and then come hear my speech that evening after dinner. Then we'll hang around the hotel bar, drink a lot- except for me since I'm pregnant- and shoot the shit. But as to me getting picked up? I seriously doubt it." Laura said.

She continued: "Melina is coming with me, she's my right-hand-woman giving presentations these days. And just between us, I'm going to be observing her a lot in a setting away from home. Daniel's concerned that she doesn't seem to give the baby enough attention. He says she even has slept through the baby's crying in the night a couple of times."

"Unusual for a mother, if you're any indicator." I said. "Think there's a problem?"

"I don't know." Laura said, "But in the meantime, I probably won't be picking up any college studs. Enough of those around here trying to get into my pants. You know Nick Eastwood, the varsity quarterback, he's made a point to run into me twice in the last couple of weeks. Even asked me if he could buy me coffee."

"Gonna accept?" I asked. "You have my encouragement to do so. I hear he's hung like a horse. You like those young, tall, light-haired men." Nick was a dirty blonde, and my hair is strawberry blonde, a.k.a. light red, so it wasn't hard to deduce Laura's likes in men.

"Well!" Laura said, somewhat playfully but also sarcastically, "since I have your permission, I just might go for it. And speaking of 'going for it', I think your Valentine's Day plans are going to be very, very good. I hear that Cindy's sister Molly has to burn some vacation time or lose it, so she's going to take a couple days and come up to visit... visit her sister, that is. Of course, she may want to spend some time with you, too."

"I'll be sure to satisfy her... requests." I said, grinning. Laura didn't know that I already knew, but my wife had set it up for me to get laid by Cindy's lovely sister.

--

"Ohhhhhhhhh!" Molly moaned as she undulated her hips as my throbbing, iron-hard cock drove up into her. The lovely platinum blonde and I were totally naked, and she was sitting on top of me on the sofa in The Cabin, her tight, wet cunt impaled on my hard male meat. She had just climaxed after riding me, and I was still moving my hips with hers to keep my cock pumping in and out of her steaming hot twat.

While Cindy had nice sized breasts, from what I'd observed from her competition photographs, Molly's were a bit larger as I was observing them with my eyes and mouth. They were totally natural but big melons, with large, light pink nipples. I tremendously enjoyed sucking Molly's teats as I fucked her. I let my mouth slide up to her neck, which I would nuzzle as she moaned while fucking me. Our mouths frequently met in deep, tongue-twining kisses that seared my soul to the core. Molly was one absolutely delicious fuck, and while I would sometimes wonder if Cindy was this good in bed, Molly was becoming something special to me.

"Oh God, Don, that's so fucking good..." Molly gasped as I nibbled at her ear, feeling her cunt clamp down hard on my cock as another of her mini-orgasms rippled through her. "Oh, how I've missed you... and that beautiful hard dick of yours! God, I've missed having this thing inside me!" We kissed deeply again.

"It's all yours, baby." I said, breaking the kiss and moving down to suck her breasts again, letting my hands clutch her asscheeks then slide over her thighs and down her calves...

 "Ohhh, I like it when you massage my feet like that." said Molly. She was sitting on me in a way that allowed the tops of her sweet feet to rest on top of my thighs, and I immensely enjoyed the feeling of that. I'd been letting my hands hold and rub and massage her feet several times, and she seemed to enjoy it as much as I was.

"I love your sexy feet, baby." I whispered into her ear. "I love everything about you."

"I love you, Don." Molly said, her eyes boring into mine as she said it before plastering a hard, deep kiss onto my very willing mouth. "I want you to come inside me, Don. I'm fertile, and I want you to come inside me and knock me up... I want to have your baby, Don!"

I didn't say anything, but let my eyes lock with hers. We continued our hard, deep fuck, staring into each other's eyes as Molly rocked her sweet ass on top of me, trying to rock my world... and succeeding. I felt my nut rising, and began pushing up harder into her to meet her downward thrusts. I heard her moan as my orgasm overtook me, the painful ecstasy of the release overwhelming me. My eyes clenched shut as I blasted my hot seed deep into the blonde beauty's climaxing cunt.

"Mmm, this is one fantastic Valentine's Day." I said, relaxing after my climax. Molly was still on top of my, our loins still coupled, her head lying on my shoulder and her big breasts pressed against my hard chest as we breathed deeply in post-coital bliss. I was remembering the Valentine's Day just one year before, the emotionally disastrous night in the company of Laura, Todd and Melina. What a difference a year makes! I thought. I'm the father of a beautiful baby girl, I have the most wonderful wife a man could ask for, and I'm making love with another incredibly hot woman that I very much respect and feel for...

"Yes, it is." Molly said. She had told me that she had her ex-husband had separated some years before, after a Valentine's Day fight that had nearly turned physically violent. "We're making some really good memories."

"I hope we're making a lot more than that." I said. Molly knew what I meant. She wanted a baby, and I really wanted to put a bun in her oven. With that thought, I took Molly's face in my hands and brought her mouth to mine in a deep kiss. Our tongues did pleasurable battle as we made out hotly for long minutes.

I picked Molly up and carried her upstairs, to my marital bed. We spent almost all of our time there for the rest of the weekend...

--

Monday morning, Molly and I went into Headquarters together at 6:00am. As we entered the MCD room, we found only Cindy Ross present. She took one look at us and pretended to scowl.

"Young lady, you were out very, very late last night." Cindy said to her sister Molly. "I'm going to have to let our parents know that you've been a very, very bad girl."

"Yes indeed, I was as naughty as I could get." Molly replied cooly as she accepted the cup of coffee Cindy was offering her. "Just don't tell anyone that I was fucking a married man." Cindy had to grin at that one.

As other Detectives came in, they greeted Molly warmly and soon the discussion was about what was going on in Midtown. The State Legislature was in session, and already some brutal political battles were underway. Of course all conversation ceased at 7:00am... the only person speaking to us then was Bettina!

"This is Bettina Wurtzburg, KXTC Channel Two News!" said the lovely redhead reporterette. "State Senator Nathan Allen formally announced his campaign for re-election to the State Senate yesterday. Senator Allen's poll numbers have dropped considerably since his son received a sweetheart legal deal after a vehicular homicide that left a mother and two children dead, but he says he remains confident that he will win in spite of what could be strong primary and general election challenges."

"God! I hate that son of a bitch!" exclaimed Molly. "He's the dirtiest motherfucker in the Legislature. Don, why haven't you pinned something on him and busted his ass?"

"Patience, my dear." I replied. "The Wheels of Justice turn slowly, but they do turn." The truth was that I'd been looking very hard into Senator Allen, whose name was constantly coming up in my researches of other criminals and issues, such as Ward of Ward Harvester. I really wanted to bust his chops for driving Teresa Croyle out of my Department when all she did was give the bastard's son Dean the ass-whipping Dean so richly deserved.

But so far there had not been anything I could pin on Senator Nathan Allen. He was extremely well-connected and powerful, too much so for just a State legislator. It would take some doing to break Nathan Allen, but I intended to do so...

Part 3 - Blasts From The Past

At 6:15am on a Tuesday morning some days later in February that promised more cold but clear weather, I was drinking a very tasty cup of coffee and chatting with Detective Cindy Ross when I was called into the Chief's office. Chief Griswold and FBI Special Agent in Charge Jack Muscone were waiting for me.

"Hi Jack." I said. "How was Colorado?"

"Good." Jack said. "Denver is a nice city, but I had no chance to get any skiing in. I was working the whole time."

"That's too bad." I said. "Chief, what can I do for you?"

"Crowbar," said the Chief, "do you remember Sergeant Carroll?"

(Author's note: See The Case of the Murdered Chessplayer Ch. 03 to refresh your memories on Sgt. Carroll.)

"Sure." I said. "He became a problem during the Kurchikov case. That was nearly a year ago. What about him?"

The Chief nodded to Muscone, who replied "Carroll found a police job in Colorado, but he was fired a few months ago, in early November. He immediately found work with a police department in Arizona, a Phoenix area suburb town. He disappeared from there some days ago; the last time he was seen was on Valentine's Day."

"Was he fired?" I asked.

"No, he simply disappeared." Muscone said. "The local police there notified the FBI and DEA, along with State authorities in Arizona. They were originally concerned he might have been kidnapped by a drug cartel."

"Any reports of Carroll being involved in drugs, in Colorado or Arizona?" I asked... and then noted a slight gleam in Jack Muscone's small, dark eyes.

"He got the attention of the Internal Affairs Department of his Police Force in Colorado." Muscone said. "He was making contacts with local drug distributors out there. Rather than watch him, turn him, or sting him, they just fired him. But there was nothing at all in Arizona to do with drugs." I could tell he was holding something back, and I thought I knew what it was.
