 The Case of the Executed Evangelist, Ch. 01

by TheWifeWatchman

The order of my stories to read is:

Todd & Melina series, Interludes 1-5, Sperm Wars series, Russian Roulette series, Case of the Murdered Lovers series, Case of the Murdered Chessplayer series.

Case of the Executed Evangelist series.

Feedback and constructive criticism is very much appreciated, and I encourage feedback for ideas.

This story contains graphic scenes, language and actions that might be extremely offensive to some people. These scenes, words and actions are used only for the literary purposes of this story. The author does not condone murder, racial language, violence, rape or violence against women, and any depictions of any of these in this story should not be construed as acceptance of the above.

There is a lot of background information mixed in with the hot sex. Please bear with it, as the information is important to this story as well as upcoming stories. Thanks in advance.

Also, I have received private comments that have been very complimentary of my writings. I want those commenters to know that I am deeply grateful for the kind remarks and positive feedback! - WW.



Part 1 - Prologue

The man grunted as he thrust into the young woman beneath him, fucking her with raw power. Sweat trickled off his back and her legs as they copulated with deep intensity. 

"Oh Jonas!" the eighteen year old beauty sighed, running her hands through the man's thick black hair as he pumped his cock into her virgin-tight cunt with merciless abandon, his thrusts getting harder and faster as he neared his climax. Even in the throes of lusty sex, he made sure to think of the sinful actions he was performing, acts of defiance of the spectacle that he had become in the eyes of the world.

The Reverend Jonas Oldeeds was considered the Nation's top tele-evangelist and seen by some as a near saint. But the Public did not know the man's truly dark side. He always enjoyed seducing young girls, girls that looked at him with eyes full of worship, taking advantage of their trust and love to bed them. He had popped many sweet young cherries in his years as a Messenger of the Lord God. And that was just the tip of the iceberg. The thoughts of his deeds and his true nature gave him a surge of sexual pleasure as he pounded his meat into the teen babe rutting beneath him.

Unknown to the young blonde girl, the physically fit tele-evangelist's gorgeous wife Vicki was secretly watching their intense coupling, fingering her sopping wet pussy as she enjoyed the site of her husband's cock sliding into the girl's tight cunt, seeing his balls swinging and thudding against the girl's ass as he fucked her in sinful adultery. 

The beautiful blonde wife didn't feel jealous; indeed, she knew she'd be getting plenty of young college cock during the upcoming visit to the University and the hell hole of a town next to it. She also was thinking of her public image, of the sweet, loving wife totally devoted to her loving, incorruptible husband. The deeply sinful actions she and her husband enjoyed committing gave her a deep sexual thrill. Her reverie was broken by the harsh rasps of her husband's voice as he fucked the girl beneath him.

"Oh baby, do you feel it? Do you feel the Lord's spirit filling you as we make love? Do you feel the Lord's power flowing through you?" Oldeeds grunted, his voice in rhythm with his powerful, hungry thrusts.

"Oh yes... oh yes, Jonas! Oh YES!" the girl cried out as another orgasm exploded inside her. Her clamping cunt was too much for Oldeeds. He drove his meat as deep as he could into her teen pussy and began pumping his load against her cervix.

"Oh yes, take it! Take the Lord's offering into your sweet body!" Oldeeds gasped as the pleasure of his climax flooded up his back and through his whole body...

--------------------------

The girl had left some time ago, after Jonas Oldeeds had cuddled with her for long minutes, telling her that their mating had been the Lord's will. He was always amused at how these sweet young girls believed every word of it, that they would fuck like whores on his cock thinking they were feeling the blessings of God. 

"So, was she as good as the last one?" Oldeeds heard his wife say, her voice a languid drawl, as he dried off after his shower and entered the bedroom of their luxurious home.

"She was okay." Oldeeds replied. "Like most of those young sluts." He came up to his wife and slid his arms around her waist. "Nothing compared to you, though, baby."

"Mmmm, I'll bet." the blonde replied as she shared kisses with her immensely wealthy husband. "So, why are we going to this hell hole of a town for a Revival for a few old ladies and a school Protestant student group?"

"Oh, there'll be tens of thousands at the football stadium service the last night of our trip, giving us generous donations." Oldeeds replied. "But it'll be good publicity to do the small appearance, too. And I've got some business in that Town I need to get done. Serious business, baby. Our little empire might depend on it."

"That important, huh?" Vicki Oldeeds said. "I guess I'll find a couple of college studs while you're preaching. I heard that benefactor of yours, the one that died, Douglass something-or-other, has a grandson at that school who has a really big cock."

"I heard that too." Oldeeds said. "And that reminds me, we've got to keep Douglass's son Don very close during this trip. His successes are starting to stir up talk in our 'professional' circles. Maybe you can... distract Don with your feminine charms?"

"Sure, baby." she replied, not really eager for the task, but willing to do whatever it took to help her husband's cause: their personal enrichment. 

A thought occurred to her: "What about Don's sister, Elizabeth? Think you can find her and fuck her? Like you were fucking her under her daddy's nose all those years?"

"Baby, that's past history." Oldeeds said, maneuvering his wife towards the bed. "Let's just forget about the past and create some new sex memories..." Their kisses deepened as Oldeeds began removing his wife's clothing from her smoking hot body...

Part 2 - Promotion

"Congratulations!" the chief said as he handed me some papers in one of the small Lieutenant offices across the hall from MCD at six o'clock in the morning. "You are now officially the Supervisor of the Major Crimes Department."

It was actually a Lieutenant's position, and the Supervisor rank simply allowed me to fill the position with some semblance of authority. Tanya Perlman, also a Supervisor and too young to officially be a Lieutenant, had one of the other offices. We officially did not yet have any Lieutenants in the Detectives division.

"Thank you, sir." I said. "I'm still in charge of I.T., also?"

"Yes, for now at least. We're close on the Lieutenant bar for MCD, though." the Chief added. "Councilman Lewis is willing to take some bait offers. Adams is still against you, but she's nothing without help." 

Councilman Reginald B. F. Lewis was a black man and a skilled politician who represented the mostly black areas of Town. He was sincerely concerned for the people of the district he represented, especially when it came to racial relations. Councilwoman Malinda Adams was virulent in her politics, and made her disdain for "peace officers", as she called the Police, well known.

"Uh oh, what's the bait?" I said, knowing. The Chief cut me no slack.

"Precincts, of course." Chief Griswold said, his voice a growl. I groaned, having put forth many a debate point for why this Town and County did not need police precincts, and that we did not need our Police Force divided. But Councilman Lewis did make some good points that a precinct primarily in his district and those around it would be helpful in relationships between blacks and police. Malinda Adams simply wanted to divide the Force and make it hard for us. 

Ironically, it was Captain Harold Malone, who held considerable sway among some Council members, who was most stridently against precincts. I knew of course that Malone simply didn't want to do anything helpful for blacks or racial relations. He also wanted to keep his concentration of power within one Police station. And I also knew that he was working to force me under his control. 

Captain Malone was technically over all Detectives. But when I had taken the job with the police, the "Powers That Be", the powerful people that had brought me in, had arranged that I would pretty much answer directly to the Chief, since the chain-of-command over I.T. was unclear, and since Malone pretty much paid attention only to Vice, leaving MCD somewhat rudderless. I had filled that void in MCD, but it was now chafing Malone. And Chief Griswold was putting me into a Lieutenant office just to chafe Malone even more.

"Don't worry, Don." the Chief said, his eyes twinkling a little bit and his big mustache quivering even as his voice maintained the growl. "Lewis thinks you're great, and he knows you're no friend of Malone. He just wants to talk about precincts in exchange for supporting your early promotion. It's all politics, and Lewis is good at politics." 

Then the Chief brought up his next subject. "Keep thinking about more staffing for the MCD Department. Get with Captain Forsyth." I understood what he meant: with Tanya Perlman promoted already, and with my desire to also promote Cindy Ross as well as to get Hugh Hewitt leading a S.W.A.T. team, I knew we needed to bring in some more Detectives, either by promotion or hiring from the outside.

Douglas Forsyth was a longtime veteran of the Town Police Force, having served most of it in Personnel and Records, of which he was now Captain. He had brown hair and a somewhat sour disposition. Though seemingly fit enough and not fat, my observation of him was that one day he was going to have a massive heart attack. 

I also didn't like him: he aspired to the Chief's office, was extremely political and would throw anyone under a bus to advance his own ambitions, and he would be strongly considered for Chief of Police when Chief Griswold retired... but in my opinion he had no "connection" with the men and women, the officers of the Police Force, and never tried to make such connections nor understanding of what police officers deal with on a daily basis. One consequence of his political games: he was called "Captain Brown Nose" behind his back.

It did not take long to move my few personal items from the basement IT office to the new one. I told Myron Milton to make as much use as he could of my old office, a hint that he needed to consider the I.T. Supervisor job. Once installed, I sat down in my new office, wondering just why a Lieutenant's office was so much smaller than my old one. At least I had a window, a small one, but a window nonetheless. 

Looking out the window, I saw that the sun was just rising on a beautiful late Spring/early Summer Monday. School had let out for the semester the week before. Things were settling down quite nicely, except for my impending divorce, of course. 

Even that was going as well as could be expected, with no contesting of property divisions, and my lovely lawyer Jeanine Olivet had told me that it might be only a matter of days before it was finalized. I had not seen Melina in some days, but Laura had more than filled that void in my life. I already was making payments at the jewelry store for the engagement ring I'd picked out for Laura.

I reached for the morning papers. The Town paper headline immediately caught my full attention. It said that the Reverend Jonas Oldeeds was coming to Town in two weeks to lead a "Spiritual Revival". That such a world-renowned tele-evangelist as Oldeeds was coming to our relatively small Town for such a relatively small event seemed very out of the ordinary to me. After a moment of thought, I reached for the phone and called Laura's office. She was already there.

"Good morning, darling." she said huskily and sweetly, perhaps thinking this would be a flirtatious personal call. 

"Good morning, Professor." I said, letting her know that this wasn't ordinary. I could almost feel her coming to rapt attention on the other side of the line. "I need to ask you a rather professional question: Are you or your department doing anything in particular two weeks from now?"

"Uhh... why yes, we are." Laura replied. "Our series of symposiums is going to be here at the University.... why? Is there some kind of threat to the symposium?" Laura knew that some religious-based groups did not like the sexual research that she was doing, nor the seminars that were being held. 

There had been no trouble in San Francisco, but the one at the University of Georgia had been marred by protests from religious groups, and the recent one scheduled for Salt Lake City at the University of Utah had been cancelled due to strong protests within the school and the city. Laura told me that she had never understood why they'd tried to schedule a symposium on sexual subjects in heavily-Mormon Utah, and was glad that one had been moved to Las Vegas: it had been much more fun during the evenings.

"Check the morning paper." I said in reply. Laura said she'd call me back. In the meantime, I read an online news service usually read only by police, and paid attention to the ongoing investigation of the strange murder of the wealthy gambling magnate and Korean national Soo-Yung Kim in Las Vegas. The FBI had been called in, and could not add any explanation to how the man was shot dead with one well-placed bullet to the head while standing on the balcony of a penthouse during a party. 

The nearest tall building was about 800 yards away and the place Kim was shot was at a bad angle to it. That nearest building, the hotel where Laura and Melina were staying during the symposium that same weekend, was very secured. Even Hugh Hewitt, who said that only someone as well-trained as an Army sniper could've made that shot, was at a loss to explain how a military sniper rifle could've been sneaked into the building and extracted without getting caught. 

And then there was the mysterious death of Professor Al-Saheem in Athens, Georgia. An autopsy had come out showing no evidence of poisoning, which had been the first thought of the authorities there. He was a guest speaker at Laura's symposium there, discussing Middle Eastern sexual habits and mores. I had drily remarked to Laura that his speech would be very short considering Islamic suppressions of women there. 

Professor Al-Saheem had collapsed at the dinner banquet the last evening of the three-day seminar, and died at the hospital the next day. I'd heard the name of Professor Al-Saheem before; he'd caught some flak protesting the University of Georgia's mascot, which was a bulldog. 

Apparently Islamists don't like dogs very much... and certainly UGA fans did not like their beloved mascot being besmirched. I thought to myself that I personally would rather face an entire army of Islamist terrorists than Georgia students and alumni angry at the insult to their mascot.

Still, something about these murders was bothering me... and I also wondered why I was noticing them in the first place. I had more than enough to deal with right here in this good ol' Town. And as if on cue, the phone rang.

"I see it." Laura said when I answered the phone. "Your friend Jonas Oldeeds is coming to town. Some coincidence, huh?"

 "My friend? I don't think so." I said, knowing Laura was teasing me, if a bit too roughly. "But you're right, it's not a coincidence."

-----------------------------

"How's the new office?" I heard that sweet but mischievous voice say.

It was Tanya Perlman. It was 9:00pm and she was checking in on me as she left her office right across the way from mine.

"Just fine." I said, glancing up at her, then doing a double take. "Wow, you look fine tonight. What's the occasion?" Tanya was wearing a tight, form-fitting black mock turtleneck blouse that really outlined her big, high-riding breasts and her tight body, a gray skirt that matched the gray jacket she had draped over her arm, no stockings and black pumps... much higher heels that she normally wore.

"Well..." Tanya said, entering the room.... and locking the door. As she approached my desk she said "I want to be the first woman to help you break in your new office... by fucking your brains out." She came around the side of the desk and stood between it and myself. Sitting down, I was inches from her torso... and her cunt, barely concealed by the skirt.

"Well, I think I can take you up on that offer." I said, standing up as Tanya perched her cute ass on the desk. "And as hot as you look," I said, sliding my arms around her waist and giving her mouth a deep, hard kiss, "I can't think of anyone I'd rather break in this office with, right now." 

Our kissed deepened as Tanya's hands nimbly went for the zipper of my pants, opening them and fishing out my cock as it began to lengthen and harden. I was kissing her mouth and nuzzling her neck, enjoying the taste and smell of the lovely woman as our sexual temperatures soared quickly.

"You're hot tonight, baby." I said. "How long has it been since you've been fucked?"

"Days!" Tanya replied, her voice a mixture of need and exasperation. "I was going to call Pete Feeley if I didn't get some dick soon."

"I think you're sweet on that guy." I said, teasing her as I kissed her and roughly massaged her breasts through the blouse.

"He's better than nothing." she said, and I knew she was hiding deeper feelings. "But I want your big dick inside me right now, Don. Fuck me, baby!"

Tanya brought her legs up until her heels were planted on the desk right next to her pussy. She was wearing no panties, and it was a very easy, quick move for me to step up and, with her guiding my size, penetrate her and sheath my meat to the hilt in her soaking wet twat.

"Oh God damn, that's good!" she gasped. We continued to kiss and clutch at each other as I pumped her with short strokes, unable to get a real good rhythm going at this angle. After a couple of minutes, I slid my cock out of Tanya's cunt and sat down in the chair.

"Baby, this desk is never going to be this clean and free of papers again." I said in response to her confused look. "Why don't you lie back on it. I want to eat your pussy!" 

Tanya wasted no time in complying. She lay back, lifting her luscious legs high up in the air and pulling them back. Still sitting in my chair, I eased forward and buried my face between the lovely policewoman's legs. Inhaling the musky scent of her womanhood, my cock throbbed as I eased between Tanya's legs and began licking.

"Oh sweet God!" Tanya gasped, trying to keep quiet, but unable to completely control herself. Her hands massaged her breasts through the blouse, then ran through my hair, then back up and down her body, often squeezing her own breasts.

For myself, it was heaven. Tanya's cunt was delicious; I knew she'd been eating lollipops and sweets all day, and the sweetness definitely enhanced the taste of her. Eating her cunt was like eating a sweet, juicy Georgia peach, I thought to myself as my tongue delved deep into her quim. Then I licked her slit and roughly tortured her clit as I drove one, then two fingers into her wet hole, making her moan.

After several moments of orally enjoying that truly delicious pussy, I stood up and guided my throbbing cock, achingly hard with desire, to Tanya's twat. Fitting the thick cockhead between her swollen labes, I drove forward, once again burying my hard male meat balls-deep inside her.

"Ohhhhh yesssssssss!" Tanya hissed as I plunged into her. "Oh yeah, fuck me with that big thing!" I guided Tanya's legs so that her ankles rested just over my shoulders. I did make sure to turn my head and get several tasty licks and kisses of her feet and ankles, taking off her shoes one at a time and sucking on her heels. Tonguing a woman's feet while fucking her was one of my hottest fetishes, and my cock was throbbing as I held Tanya's hips and vigorously fucked her.
