 The chronological order of my stories is now listed in WifeWatchman's biography.

Feedback and constructive criticism is very much appreciated, and I encourage feedback for ideas.

This story contains graphic scenes, language and actions that might be extremely offensive to some people. These scenes, words and actions are used only for the literary purposes of this story. The author does not condone murder, racial language, violence, rape or violence against women, and any depictions of any of these in this story should not be construed as acceptance of the above.

*****

Part 20 - Flight of The Valkyrie 

Thursday, November 5th, 9:00pm. The Assistant Commissioner of the Conference (CAC) sat in his office in the Conference's Headquarters offices in the City, awaiting his important guest. Finally, he heard the door to his assistant's office open and close, followed by his own office door being opened.

"Come in, come in." said the CAC. "Thank you for coming by tonight."

His guest extended a package to him, and he pulled out a bottle of Scotch, single malt, eighteen years old. "Ah, thank you, my friend." said the CAC. "You know Scotch is my favorite, and this is an expensive brand. Can I pour you a glass?"

"Of course." said the guest. The CAC poured two glasses, giving one to his guest. They toasted and drank, the CAC downing his first. Fortunately, it wasn't his day to die, and his guest also drank. The CAC poured more.

"It's getting late," said the CAC, "so allow me to directly ask how I may be of service to you?"

"Are you ready to go with the investigation?" he asked.

"Oh yes, yes sir." sad the CAC. "Tomorrow morning at 9:00am, we'll be announcing our intent to investigate Commander Troy's abuse of the rules as a booster by sending that video to the Wildcats. Thanks to your people, we have copies of the tape though the Wildcats tried to erase all traces of it. And we'll be subpoenaing Commander Troy's cellphone."

"Yes, that is absolutely the paramount goal." he said. "We must get that cellphone, and its contents. The codes on it will lead us to the codes on his computers, then to the servers that contain the encrypted files I need."

"Yes..." said the Assistant Commissioner. "And we get the Iron Crowbar back for his humiliation of our Conference in helping keep that bastard Coach Marshall from taking the fall for the PED scandal. And now my friend Coach Brian Harlan is dead, his name stained, sullied forever."

"We shall remedy that--"

*BRING!* *BRING!* *BRING!*

"Forgive me, I must take this." he said. He answered. "What?... Call it off? Are you kidding me?... Kath--... Jesus Christ... no. NO! We are not calling this off!... Fredricson?... oh for God's sake... to hell with that bitch!... *sigh*... okay, all right... we'll speak more of this later... good night."

"Trouble?" asked the CAC.

"No, there should not be-- what was that?"

"Quickly, go through that door." said the CAC. "I'll handle whoever it is." The guest left through the side door, but left it cracked open. His hand was on the revolver in his pocket, fingering the loaded firearm... a dangerous habit.

"Who's there?" asked the CAC as the front door opened. "Oh my God! William! How good to see you! May I offer you some Scotch? Eighteen years old."

"Hello, Charles." said Jack Muscone's boss, the FBI Deputy Director, his full power devoted to this mission. "I'm sorry, I can't stay. I only came by because I have to ask you to not open that investigation into the Wildcats, Bulldogs, and Commander Troy."

"Are you kidding?" asked the CAC. "That's a done deal. It's already in motion."

"No, it's not a done deal." said the DepDirector, keeping his voice smooth. "You can stop the nonsense, end the whole thing. It's not going to do anyone any good."

"I don't know if I agree with you there, William." said the CAC. The DepDirector happened to see the Scotch bottle on the table behind the CAC. And he understood.

"Okay, Charles," said the DepDirector. "I'm not going to waste time on this. I'll just be clear. It is in the FBI's best interest that you do not start this mudslinging operation over such little shit. But if you do, if you hold that press conference tomorrow morning and open that investigation, then one hour later I will be on national television... in front of the entire Nation, Charlie... and I will be telling the world that the FBI is beginning a criminal investigation of the Conference, and you in particular, for covering up the PED abuse at the University, at State U, and at State Tech."

The CAC's face showed open shock, then fell into skepticism. "You wouldn't do that." he said.

"Won't I?" said the DepDirector. He extended a file, which contained only a few papers. "Here's just the appetizer... we know that reporter Tim Dawdle gave you significant information on the University and its coach, Brian Harlan. You suppressed that information. And need I add that Dawdle was murdered."

"That wasn't us!" shouted the CAC. "That was that serial killer... er, uh.. the 'Black Widow' or something like that."

"That's not what I'm going to say at my presser tomorrow morning." said the DepDirector. "We will be looking very hard into the possibility that you hired the now-deceased Black Widow to murder Tim Dawdle. And we'll show the PED cover-up in all its criminal glory. And then a lot of former players will... 'cooperate' with us. In order to keep their NFL careers from going to shit, of course."

"William, what the hell is this?" asked the shocked CAC. "Why are you doing this to me?"

"Because, Charles," said the DepDirector, "you are giving me no choice. So what is it going to be?"

"We've been friends for 30 years." said the CAC, his voice hardening with anger. "But no longer. I'll think about it, and you'll have my answer at my press conference tomorrow morning. Now get the hell out of my office, and I don't ever want to see nor hear from you again."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

With the FBI DepDirector gone, he came out of the other room. The Conference Assistant Commissioner was white as a sheet, immobilized in his chair.

"Relax, Charles." he said. "We'll call this one off. I've received other news, as well as this visit from your former friend. The Federal Government is way too interested in this, and it's getting way too deep. We'll... we'll have to find another way."

"Are you sure?" asked the CAC. "I'm ready to go through with it, and may God damn the FBI!"

"I'm sure." he said. "And may God damn the Iron Crowbar!"

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

With the party over and everyone else sleeping, Cindy Ross and I got into my Police SUV and drove into Town.

"Rudistan, Morton, Barnes, and a cameraman are going to meet us there." Cindy said. "Sure it'll be enough?"

"Oh, yeah." I replied. "This is just a simple execution of a warrant I got earlier."

We arrived at our destination, an apartment complex just south of the Bus Station, across the street from the northern parts of the University campus. Sergeant Rudistan and his small team were waiting for us.

"Okay guys," I said as we gathered, "apartment number 209 is Ben Knight's, and it's still under our control as part of the investigation of Bishop's murder. What we are looking for under this fresh warrant are bugging devices. Okay, let's go."

Rudistan unlocked the door with the key we'd taken from Knight when we was arrested. We went inside and I flicked on a light, putting my finger over my lips in a 'hush' sign. The cameraman, actually our female Korean photographer, began filming as I used my 'official' police-issue bug tracking device, not my more powerful personal one. It still did the job.

I found two bugs in the main room, two in the guest bedroom that was being used mostly for storage, one in the hallway, secreted in the light fixture, and no less than three in the master bedroom. We took all of the bugs into evidence. The Crime Lab would deactivate them and render them useless back at the Crime Lab building when they arrived.

"Wow." Cindy said as we got back into my SUV to go home. "Shades of that parole officer case."

"Yes." I said. "I realized Ben Knight's home must have been bugged when we interrogated him. He said that he was going to call Bonita, they'd get together 24 hours later, and then flee to Florida. And that is how the Consultant found Bonita: she got that phone call, but it wasn't really from Ben... but from people with the intent to do her permanent harm. The bugs are also how the Consultant knew that Ben and Bonita were going to fuck him over and run with the money instead of giving him his proper cut... which would've been most of it."

"Damn." said Cindy. "I guess we can start checking for bugs at any crime scene where you think this bastard is involved?"

"That's Iron Crowbar thinking, there." I said. "Not a bad idea at all..."

Part 21 - Ink By the Barrel 

"This is Bettina Wurtzburg, KXTC Channel Two News!" shouted the lovely redheaded reporterette at precisely 7:00am, Friday November 6th. "Channel Two News has learned that the Assistant Commissioner of the Conference is going to speak at a press conference in the City at 9:00am. For the details of this breaking story, we go to Nick Eastwood. Nick!"

"Hi, Bettina!" said Nick Eastwood from in front of the Conference Headquarters in the City. "The Assistant Commissioner called this press conference yesterday afternoon, and the Conference Press Office released a statement that it would be about the ongoing story that the Wildcats received videotape of a Bulldogs practice. As you know, Bettina, the Wildcats annihilated the Bulldogs 70-0 last Saturday, and Coach Russ Bronson was fired Monday. Channel Two Sports has also learned that Coach Bronson has retained legal representation, and may file a lawsuit against both schools as well as the Wildcat alumnus who allegedly sent the videotape. Back to you, Bettina!"

"Thank you, Nick!" shouted Bettina. "In other news, there have been no new leads in the murder of Bonita Bishop in Midtown. Bonita Bishop was the former wife of Quintus Bishop, who was killed in his pawn shop here in Town by his security guard, Ben Knight. KXTC reached out to Commander Donald Troy, who issued a statement that he believes the Bonita Bishop murder is not related to the killing of Quintus Bishop, and that the former husband and wife being murdered in such a short time span is just a coincidence.

"And speaking of Commander Troy," Bettina said with a brighter smile on her face, "yesterday was Guy Fawkes Day in England, and someone here in the States remembered that." Footage appeared, showing me running with the ROTC cadets in my Guy Fawkes mask as Bettina said "Yes, Anonymous came to Town yesterday, and that is Commander Troy himself running with the University's Army ROTC cadets while wearing a Guy Fawkes mask."

The MCD room was full of laughing Detectives, some of them clapping for me. I wasn't nearly as amused that KXTC had shown that. Bettina had gotten one over on me, though I knew that her real reason for shooting that footage had been stymied.

"Commander," asked Joanne Cummings, "do you really think the Conference is going to open an investigation of you?"

"From what I just heard," I said, "I think not. But we'll watch the KSTD newscast at 8:00am, and that'll tell me more."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"This is Priya Ajmani, KSTD Five-Alive News This Morning!" shouted the lovely Indian reporterette into the County's ears as she appeared on the television in my office at 8:00am. Cindy's eyes turned a bit dreamy as she watched. She had similar memories of Priya that I had of Bettina.

"Five-Alive News is bringing continuing coverage of our lawsuit against the Town & County Council over the Jack Burke sex tapes scandal. Five-Alive News has learned that the Appellate Court is going to issue its ruling next week. The case had gone to the State Supreme Court, but was remanded to the Appellate Court for additional review."

Priya continued "We are also bringing continuing coverage of the search to replace Harold Bennett as Chief of Police. Chief Bennett resigned unexpectedly to take a new position with the State Department of Justice as a Regional Administrator over State facilities and SBI operations in our Region. The plan was announced by Governor Jared over the weekend."

"And speaking of Governor Jared," said Priya, "the race for his seat in the Governor's Mansion is on! State Senator Sean Stockton is set to announce his candidacy for Governor on November 11th, which is Veterans Day. Early polling shows him ten points behind SBI Director Lewis. And now let's go to Jeff Hull for Sports. Jeff!"

"Thank you, Priya!" said Hull, who was in his early 30s with a head full of perfectly coiffed black hair. Cindy and I leaned forward to listen.

"The Bulldogs will be taking to the field under the direction of Interim Coach Reb Groves, and everyone wants to know how the Bulldogs will do after last week's humiliation at the hands of the undefeated Wildcats! The Wildcats also reached the top of the polls, and will take their Number 1 ranking into their game..."

"Okay, that's enough." said Cindy. "It's bad enough that your team is ranked Number 1. It's worse to have to hear about it." I just laughed, and we listened to the rest of the broadcast anyway.

After it was over, Cindy looked at me and said "Well?"

"I'll predict a stunning reversal." I said. "And that there will be no investigation. KXTC didn't mention my name when they were talking about it, and KSTD didn't mention it at all. I have no idea why, but it's been beaten back."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"What do you think?" asked University President Wellman as he sat behind his desk in his office on Campus.

"We'll see." said the Head of the Department of Psychology, Professor Laura Fredricson. 

"At least KSTD shut up about it." said Wellman. "You must've put the fear of God into that Ajmani woman. KSTD called me and apologized, and asked to be allowed to film on campus again. They also begged for all charges to be dropped against their crew. Police Commissioner Dexter Robinson agreed, and the TCPD also agreed to not press further charges."

"Good." said Laura. "Ah, it's 9:00am. Let's see what happens." Indeed, all eyes and cameras were upon the Assistant Commissioner of the Conference as he took to the podium at Conference Headquarters in the City.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"Thank you for coming." he said. "After a preliminary investigation, as well as consultation with the Presidents of the Conference's twelve schools, it has been decided that there will be... no further investigation of impropriety that might have occurred during the week before the Bulldogs-Wildcats game."

An audible gasp filled the room, camera shutters clicking furiously as the Assistant Commissioner went on: "The Conference does not believe that such a minor incident requires the expenditure of the large amounts of money that an extensive investigation would take. I will be taking no questions. Thank you very much." He walked off the podium as reporters shouted questions at him, to no avail.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"Congratulations!" Sheriff Daniel Allgood said to me as he came into my office at 9:30am. "Melina texted me and told me to tell you how happy she is for you. Me, not nearly so much, but I'm glad we don't have the distraction any longer."

"You and me both." I said as Daniel sat down in one of the chairs in front of my desk. Cindy Ross was in the other one, and she and Daniel exchanged greetings.

"So," said Daniel, "you said it was important. Let's get right to it."

"Captain Ross and I were discussing it yesterday," I said, "and we agreed that Chief Bennett may not have his head fully in the game as Chief of Police. Worse, he might be giving SBI Director Lewis information on our investigations, though I have no hard proof of that. Ergo, we think it might be a good idea if you take it up with the Council to make his resignation effective a bit earlier that scheduled... like essentially right now."

Daniel smiled. "You are not the first persons I've heard that from, and a couple of Council members have discussed it with me as well... though their goal is likely to force Robert Brownlee into the Chief's chair. But in the overall, I agree with you and your sentiment. We're going to discuss it at the next Council meeting, next Tuesday. But that, of course, begats the question: with whom do we replace him? You better have a name ready to go."

"I do." I said. "Hell, I have the nominee all ready to go, and he can be present for an interview with the Council on Tuesday."

"Good!" said Sheriff Allgood. "Excellent! And I know who you're talking about." He then turned to Cindy and said "Captain, may I have a moment alone with the Commander?"

"Uh, sure." said Cindy, who got up and left. While that was going on, I furtively turned on the bug-blocker.

Daniel turned to me and said "Any repercussions over what your wife did on your behalf?"

I admit I was confused. "What do you mean?" Daniel then looked confused.

"I thought you knew." he said. "Laura put the fear of God into Priya Ajmani over filming you on campus. Melina told me that Laura said it was brutally ugly."

"I... didn't realize the extent of it." I said. "My wife doesn't always tell me what's she's doing at the... Company level, if you know what I mean."

"Well," said Daniel, "I doubt we'll hear any more on it. They obviously got to the Conference, too. But be careful out there, and don't let any rumors fester. The Press hates you enough as it is."

"Don't I know that." I said. "Thanks, Daniel." With that, Daniel made his goodbyes and left, leaving me to contemplate what was going on behind my back... and if I really wanted to know...

Part 22 - Issues and Answers (i.e. the Solution) 

It was in the back room of John Colby's Country Breakfast Diner that we gathered at 12:00pm for a meeting. The doors were closed off, I swept for bugs (finding none) and still had the anti-bugging device on, and we sat down and ate before getting into the meeting. Present were: myself, SBI Inspector Brittany M. Maxwell, FBI Special Agent in Charge Jack Muscone, FBI Special Agents Sandra Speer, Eduardo Escobar and Lindy Linares (all of Jack's team), Captain Cindy Ross, Lt. Tanya Perlman, Lt. Teresa Croyle (at my personal and especial invitation), Assistant District Attorney Paulina Patterson, and Sheriff Daniel Allgood.

"I've called you guys here," I said, "to tell you what has been going on with these Fake Badges cases. I'm going to lay it all out for, then we must decide what to do, with representatives of the Feds, the SBI, and the Town & County's Law & Order teams here."

"You've solved it?" asked Tanya Perlman, with something of a gleam in her eye.

"Well," I said, "as far as the murders and their reasons, yes. As to who planted the badges? Not so much. And as far as getting convictions? We're barely getting started there. But let me tell you the facts as I see them."

It got quiet as I began: "We first had the murder at the Pawn Shop. It looked simple enough, and my excellent MCD team solved it quickly without me even being present to participate in the fun." Everyone smiled at Cindy and Tanya.

I then said "It would've ended right there, with some further research into who was Ben Knight's benefactor, but there was an anomaly... a badge belonging to State Housing Authority Director Louise Belfort."

I continued: "I considered that Richard Norris left it before he went home, which would've inferred that he knew Knight was going to commit the crime, and therefore Norris was part of it. That also made sense when we found the Norris/Belfort connection. I also considered that Knight himself left it. However, as the investigation went along, I discounted both."
