 The chronological order of my stories to read is:

Todd & Melina series, Interludes 1-5, Sperm Wars series 1-4.

Russian Roulette series 1-2 (may not yet be published)

Case of the Murdered Lovers

So.... let's see if soap-opera-police-dramas with sex are of interest to Literotica readers...

This story contains graphic scenes, language and actions that might be extremely offensive to some people. These scenes, words and actions are used only for the literary purposes of this story. The author does not condone murder, racial language, violence, rape or violence against women, and any depictions of any of these in this story should not be construed as acceptance of the above.

Feedback and constructive criticism is very much appreciated, and I encourage feedback for ideas.



Part 13 - An Unexpected Event

4:00am, Tuesday morning. I groggily woke up the the incredibly pleasant sensation of my cock being sucked by my wife. Melina had awoken to the alarm and had rolled over and begun performing her "morning duty", as she called it. 

After several moments of fellating me to hardness, she began sucking hard at the head of my cock while her hand vigorously jacked my cock. I didn't try to hold back as I could tell she wanted to finish me quickly, so I just let it go and came in Melina's mouth after a couple of minutes. As usual, she swallowed every drop of my semen.

"I've got to get to the gym." Melina said as she quickly dressed. "I'm sure we're unbelievably behind." I understood and dozed back off as she quickly left, not having to get up for another hour.

As I left for Police Headquarters at 6:00am, I stopped by Laura's office on the way to pick up my notebook. The building was empty and Laura's office door was locked, so I opened it with my key, thinking it was empty. To my shock, Laura was there, standing behind her desk. She obviously had gotten up as I jiggled the lock and then opened the door. 

And she was not alone. A man sat on the other side of her desk in one of the chairs. He was tall and slender with a head full of ash-blonde hair with some gray mixed in; he looked fit and vigorous for a man in his late 50s or early 60s. I recognized him. He was Henry R. Wargrave, billionaire, alumnus of the University, rather mysterious, and the most influential Trustee and booster of the University.

"Uh, I'm sorry to barge in." I said. "I didn't know you were here, and I need to get my notebook." I hurriedly picked up said item from its perch on the table by the sofa... the sofa upon which I had fucked two beautiful women the night before.

"That's quite all right." Laura said, but made no move to introduce her guest. I hurried back out of the room, but my mind was blazing... not due to jealousy, but why Dr. Laura Fredricson needed to meet an alumnus and Trustee of the school at this hour of the morning. I also expected to feel some real heat from my lover for barging in like that, even if I had legitimately expected for no one to be in the office.

At 6:30am I walked into Police Headquarters and headed straight to the MCD room and turned on the TV. I grabbed the papers to start scanning headlines. I knew that I had exactly one half hour to get caught up. There was nothing new in the morning papers about the murders; that was good. There was no new information from Myron. I called Lt. Britt Maxwell at her University Police office and was pleased to hear her tell me that Myron had just gotten there and they were beginning their hunt for the elusive Johnny Arugula. 

Part 14 - Media Matters

By 6:45am my entire team was in the MCD room, loading up on coffee at my suggestion. At 7:00am I was surprised to see ADA Paulina Patterson walk into the room, her face somber. Just as she stepped in the room, at the top of the hour the television newscast began, and was exactly what I expected but did not want to hear.

"This is Bettina Wurtzburg, KXTC Channel Two News!" blared the redhead reporterette. She was attractive but she was wearing a bit more makeup today, I noticed, and her jacket was a bright red today. An attention-seeker with a big story today, I surmised with what might have been a groan if expressed out loud.

"Channel Two News has learned that several of the women that were dating Jack Burke in the weeks prior to his death will be questioned by Town & County Police. Warrants are being sought to compel these women to provide information to Assistant District Attorney Sanders--"

Sanders. He was an ADA like Paulina Patterson, but very much in with Malone and particularly Steven Ikea. I looked over at Paulina and got a confirmation look back: the bastards in the DA office were now sniffing around the case and would be shutting her down and pushing her to the back of the bus soon. And I use "back of the bus" in the very meaningful sense of which it was intended...

"Channel Two News has also learned that Timothy and Jeanine Olivet of--" Wurtzburg named the Olivet's address, "--will be asked by authorities to assist with the investigation." Oh crap, this bitch reporter just named two potential witnesses AND gave out their address. What the fuck was she doing?!?! I made a mental note to get the chief to call her editor and bitch... and it would be no problem getting the chief into a bitching mood. And it got worse.

"Channel 2 News has also learned" continued Bettina Wurtzburg, "that wealthy businessman and University Trustee Joe Arruzio, husband of socialite Marie Arruzio who was murdered Friday night, is not, I repeat not considered a suspect in this case. Police have confirmed that Mr. Arruzio was in the City at the approximate time of the murders and has been cleared of suspicion in his wife's death." 

That was my leak; I wanted the Press to report that, but not what came next: "Police are still investigating to see if someone associated with Mr. Arruzio or his past business dealings might've held a grudge against Mr. Arruzio, a grudge that turned deadly, or perhaps there was another love affair that Mrs. Arruzio might have been having. This is Bettina Wurtzburg reporting for KXTC Channel 2 News." the reporter ended with a pleasant smile, as if enjoying the salacious details she was reporting.

The 9:00am conference was just MCD people; just myself, Ross, Hewitt, Perlman and the chief. As we assembled in the conference room, Tanya Perlman rushed in and turned on the TV. "They went into commercial saying that they would have something breaking in two minutes." she said.

"But they sure won't cut off their advertising to get their 'breaking news' out, I see." I said drily. I also realized that they were prepping the reporter for the camera. Sure enough, the anchor went to Bettina Wurtzburg, her makeup very fresh and her lipstick glossy.

"This is Bettina Wurtzburg, KXTC Channel 2 News, with a breaking story. Channel Two News is investigating a story concerning the past life of Jack Burke, who was recently found murdered along with socialite Marie Arruzio, wife of wealthy University Trustee Joe Arruzio. Sources tell Channel Two News that Mr. Burke was arrested on a charge of rape just weeks before his college graduation, and while the charge was dropped, Mr. Burke left school and did not graduate, nor did he return to school later to finish and obtain his degree. Investigators are looking for one Ivy-- ", it was everything I could do not to bolt out of my chair, "--who filed the original rape charge and then dropped it. Investigators want to know if this woman might have any connection to the current case. This is Bettina Wurtzburg, KXTC Channel Two News."

"Damn leaks." the chief said as he walked into the room, his face reddening. "So what do you make of that last bit? I haven't heard anything about this woman." 

"It's not a police leak." I told the chief, very certain. "Did you notice how Wurtzburg used the word 'investigators' instead of 'police' or 'authorities' when she spoke of that? I don't know who these 'investigators' are, but they're using Wurtzburg to try to flush out this woman, is my guess." I noted the murmur in the room; the amazement that I'd caught that and figured it out so fast, but I realized I'd said too much and that if any of these otherwise good detectives were my mother, they would realize that I knew way more about that than I was telling.

"Is this an angle we need to be working?" the chief asked.

"Not at this time." I said. "This murder is about Marie Arruzio, not Jack Burke. I'm hoping to hear from Myron soon about that." My team was looking at me; this time they were realizing that I knew more than I'd told them. The chief noticed it too, and got me off the hook.

"I'm not holding you to silence any longer. Go ahead and tell them," Chief Griswold ordered, but first admonished everyone that none of this could be discussed with anyone else out loud. I told them about Johnny Arugula and that I had reason to believe he was essential to this case. But just as I began to piece together the case, the TV blared out again.

"This is Bettina Wurtzburg, KXTC Channel Two News!" the redhead reporter dictated into her microphone, this time from in front of the Courthouse. "Channel Two News has learned that warrants have been issued by the Court to search the home of Timothy and Jeanine Olivet, as well as to bring the Olivets to Police Headquarters for questioning. Channel Two News has a mobile camera on the way to the Olivet's home and will bring you live footage of any developments there!" Which meant, of course, that the Press would eagerly show this young couple being led out of their homes in handcuffs.

"Who the fuck is doing that?" growled the Chief. "Meeting's over!" He got up swiftly, went to the door, and pulled it open. To our shock, Captain Harold Malone was right outside. (Shit! I hope he didn't hear any of my discussion of Arugula! I thought.) Malone was standing with his feet slightly apart and his hands crossed in front of him, barricading our way, and he was smiling devilishly. I swiftly moved up to be in front of the Chief, just looking for an opportunity to start a fight with Malone.

"We're going to get this case solved, Chief, and it's our best detectives doing it while your guys are sitting in their chairs!" Malone said, joyfully but sneeringly. "My best man is bringing in the Olivets right now."

Part 15 - The Wrong Direction

Senior Detective Steven Ikea of the Vice Department knocked on the door of the Olivet home, with Vice detectives Teresa Croyle and Ted Geiger, four uniformed patrolmen and a gaggle of media cameras waiting breathlessly for the door to open.

It didn't.

More knocking and calls to "Open up!" worthy of the best television police dramas followed, but no answer. Ikea was asking two of the uniformed police to kick down the large, solid oak doors, when Teresa Cunt sneeringly suggested that he try the door to see if it was locked. Ikea gave Croyle a withering sneer in reply, but tried the lock.

It opened. 

The police walked into the abandoned home, a beautiful mansion decorated simply but in nice Feng Shui style. Only the maid was home, a pretty, young Latina woman named Dolores, who Ikea wasted no time placing under arrest.

Once confirming that no one was home, Ikea called into headquarters to have an APB put out on the Olivets, that they were to be found at all costs. The Press, extremely disappointed by the failure to apprehend the wealthy couple in their luxurious home, began packing their mobile equipment away. As Croyle and Geiger and the uniformed police went to their cars, Bettina Wurtzburg stepped up to Ikea.

"Just a couple of questions for confirmation." Teresa Cunt vaguely heard Wurtzburg say to Ikea. Then, surprisingly, Bettina lowered her voice as if speaking confidentially. The reporterette talked to the arrogant detective for a few minutes, then Ikea came to the car. Teresa didn't know why, but her "spidey sense" told her that something important had just happened.

-----------------------------------

Sometimes in police work, things are quiet and move along routinely enough... and then there are the times that all hell breaks loose and everything happens all at once. This day was such a day.

First, personal business: once safely ensconced in my IT office, I placed two orders for a dozen red roses each, one to be delivered to my wife Melina at her gym; the other to Laura in her office. Laura called me first.

"That's sweet," she said as I apologized for the morning miscue. "I appreciate the roses, but you didn't have to go to all that trouble. I explained to my guest that you were discreet, and it's okay." I did note that Laura had just essentially told me to keep my mouth shut about the guest, which I had no problem doing. And then she continued, "Why don't we have lunch today and I'll share some juicy tidbits with you." I readily agreed, since I would be headed to the Campus anyway to check up on Britt and Myron's progress.

Melina called a half hour after my call from Laura, gushing about the flowers and how surprised she was to get them. After some typical hubby-wife love talk, she told me "I've got one great night planned for you, mister." 

Second: Right at the moment I hung up the phone rang. It was the chief, letting me know that he and I were expected to be at an evening "reception" at the home of University President Wellman. There would be a few Town & County Council members present, as well as some of the University's Regents. 

"This is where the cheeks get toasty." Chief Griswold said. "This is really a damage control meeting. The leaks are killing us." 

Town, County -AND- University politics. *groan!* 

I had Hewitt and Ross examining Marie Arruzio's bank records. Tanya Perlman was at the Coroner's Inquest, which would bring back the unsurprising verdict of willful murder. Tanya wouldn't admit it out loud, but she loved those grisly details. She had watched the autopsy of the two bodies while munching on a lollipop, then immediately went to lunch afterwards and ate heartily. 

Speaking of lunch, I told my team I was going to the University campus to check on Myron and for them to go out for lunch while things were at a lull right now. At the University Police station, I found Lt. Britt Maxwell in my tiny IT office at the very far end of the hall. She was sitting next to Myron, who was working busily at the computer console. Britt's eyes were twinkling merrily as I walked in. "Whaddya got?" I asked them after the door shut.

"Notagoddamthingsir" mumbled Myron, not looking up from the screen, continuing to type furiously. 

Britt added "Nothing we didn't already know. Nothing until New York, then the City, small time hood."

"I'm not surprised, but I'm more interested in where he is today. Anything at all?" I asked, as I watched Myron reach over for the telephone and begin dialing a number.

"Let's go get coffee while he's on the phone." said Lt. Maxwell. The breakroom was two doors down. Once there, she said "Nothing yet. The guy's popped up in some past drug investigations. Myron is tapping two sources he has in the City to see if we can get anything quietly." At that moment, the door flung open and Myron waved for us to come in.

"Finally!" he exclaimed, once we were inside. "I talked to a confidential friend in the City IT department, sort of my alter ego over there. He told me that the City Vice squad got interested in the murder case a couple of days ago. But first: I talked to 'someone else' over there." By 'someone else', Myron meant he did not intend to divulge this source, even to me. "This guy was undercover late Friday night. He reported that Arugula came into the bar he was at, half drunk, flush with money and buying people drinks and stuff. Said drunkenly that he was in the catbird seat and his ship had come in and all the other cliches. Didn't say what it was about."

Myron continued. "Now back to my IT guy: the City Police know this guy Arugula, but he's been so small that they don't really bother to keep track of him. But their Vice squad looked at him twice when a couple of drug deals went down. The times he's come up have been these dates." Myron handed me a small sheet of paper with two handwritten dates.

"Ah, the very times Arruzio was in financial trouble." I said. "It's a thin thread, but it's a place to start, so let's--" I was interrupted by Britt's cellphone ringing harshly. The speed with which she grabbed the phone and answered it showed me that it was of importance.

"Right." she said. "Keep him in the waiting room. When I call, show him into my office." Hanging up, Britt said "Agent Fred Dixon of the FDA is at the front desk. Wants to speak to me, knows you're here and wants to talk to you also."  "Myron, stay in this room and keep the door locked." I said, then added, having a sudden insight: "And run a LexisNexis search and see if Arugula's name comes up, especially in any offhand press reports."

Britt and I quickly snuck up to her office through the back hallway and arranged ourselves in seats. We wanted to get a psychological upper hand on Fred Dixon. When he walked into the office, he found us in chairs staring at him. I'd remembered him from the case with Todd and Ned that brought me to this town the first time. He was wearing khaki pants, and white button-down shirt and blue sports coat, exactly as he had the last time. He looked like he was in his mid-twenties, but was more likely at least my age. I think he was especially surprised to see me in the room instead of waiting elsewhere.

"What can we do for you, Agent Dixon?" Britt asked, her voice polite but extremely professional. Dixon peered at us a moment, then took a seat without being offered, attempting to gain a semblance of ascendancy.

"Thank you for skipping the unnecessary pleasantries." Dixon stated. "First, the DEA has asked me to pass along a message that they do not want to see University computers accessing their servers again." He looked meaningfully at me. 

"I'll make sure they don't ever see such a thing again." I replied. Dixon grinned, realizing that I was in no way promising that their computers wouldn't be hacked again, just that they would not see it again.

"And second," Dixon said, "I'm here to give you a heads-up and ask for your cooperation. The State and Feds are looking into Johnny Arugula. The DEA would like to know why you're interested in him, in an idle sort of way. And the State Narcotics Task Force wants you to take a backseat and let them work on their drug cases about him."

Britt's face was a mask of worry as she looked over at me, totally giving away our interest in finding Arugula. So we were fucked on that one. Time to make lemonade out of lemons.

"Tell your fellow agents at the DEA" I said to Dixon, very sure of who he really was working for under the guise of being with the FDA, "that I'll be glad to hand over Arugula to them just as soon as I find him. But he is vital to my murder investigation and I fully intend to find him first." Dixon gave a visible start when I mentioned his DEA connection, then his face relaxed into passivity as he realized I might not be a dumb local hick.

"Okay. And the State?" 

"The SBI can go fuck themselves, as far as I am concerned." I said clearly. "If they fuck up this case, I will have their heads on spikes in front of the Press before they can turn around twice." Dixon grinned heartily; he had no love for the SBI, either. Britt's face looked fairly shocked, and I couldn't tell if it was at my language or at what I thought of the SBI.

"Fred," I continued, using his first name to try to get some friendly trust from him. "I need 48 hours."

"No can do." Dixon stated. "City, State and our guys are on the move. It's a race to get him now. The best I can do is get the DEA to let you talk to him, if we get to him first.
