 The chronological order of my stories is as follows:

Todd & Melina series, Interludes 1-5, Sperm Wars series, Russian Roulette series, Case of the Murdered Lovers series, Case of the Murdered Chessplayer series, The Swap series, Interludes 6-10, The Murdered Football Player Series, Case of the Black Widow series, Teresa's Christmas Story, The Case of the Black Badge series, A Case of Revenge series, Teresa's Summer Race, The Trilogy series, Dark Side Of The Force series, Caught In The Act series, Case of the Murdered Bride series, The Credit Card Caper series, The Hot Wives Investment Club series, Seriously Inconvenienced, Ch. 1-5.

Case of the Paper Trail, Ch. 1.

Feedback and constructive criticism is very much appreciated, and I encourage feedback for ideas.

This story contains graphic scenes, extreme language, and actions that might be extremely offensive to some people. These scenes, words and actions are used only for the literary purposes of this story. The author does not condone murder, racial or racist language, violence, rape or violence against women, and any depictions of any of these in this story should not be construed as acceptance of the above.

Part 1 - Adulterous Liaisons

It was the Friday after Thanksgiving, also known as 'Black Friday'. The Town & County Police Department was busy handling traffic accidents, and there were a couple of arrests for disorderly conduct, particularly around the malls where fighting for parking spaces occurred outside, and fistfights over toys occurred inside.

I got back from my visit to the City's FBI offices around noon, and heard from Captain Charles about our preparations for the big game tomorrow against State Tech. I also was wrapping up odds and ends, including the final report of the strange break-in at Frank Freeman Funeral Home. I knew that my wife did not involve herself in the craziness of Black Friday shopping, but she did say that an appointment would keep her from joining me for lunch.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Laura had sent Gayle Roberts home at noon, and the rest of her clinic staff had been given this day off. She was waiting in her office, alone.

She found herself checking her appearance over and over again, looking in the mirror, slimming down her off-white dress that clung to her shapely figure. She was wearing very high stiletto-heel black sandals with a very thin y-strap over her heels and the merest thin straps over the base of her toes, showing off as much of her elegant, shapely feet as possible. Her black hair was in it's new hairdo of tight drilled curls around her lovely face and down to her shoulders; her husband had liked it, but it was not for him that she'd taken the time to style it that way.

"Come in!" she invited her guest, hearing the knock at the door. The door opened and the handsome, broad-shouldered frame of Nick Eastwood filled the doorway. His eyes lit up at the sight of the beautiful older woman.

"Lock the door." Laura ordered, and Nick complied. They began walking towards each other. Nick was wearing a black sportscoat and slacks and a royal-blue shirt; he had been at a press conference with the Sports Media.

"Mmm, you look gorgeous, baby." Nick said as Laura came into his strong, young arms. She slid her long, slender arms around his neck as their lips met in a soft kiss. Nick slid his lips and tongue along Laura's full, lipsticked lips, resisting the urge to kiss her more deeply, teasing her.

"Thank you." Laura breathed. "You look very handsome yourself in that suit. Take it off." Nick chuckled then pressed his mouth into Laura's in a deeper kiss that turned nasty and hot as their tongues twined and battled inside the beautiful woman's mouth. She let Nick slide his tongue as far down her throat as he could, using her own tongue to massage his in her mouth.

"Mmm, Professor," said Nick as he broke the kiss and began nuzzling her neck, "I've been waiting for this."

"Mmmm, me too." Laura moaned. "And call me Laura when we're alone like this... and making love like this."

"Sure thing... Laura." Nick said as his hands began working the zipper of her dress.

"Tell you what." Laura said, backing out of the young stud's grip. "Let's go into the little bedroom before we get undressed, okay?"

"Sure. Lead the way." the stud ordered. Laura complied, taking Nick's hand in hers and walking towards the door to the clinic and bedroom areas...

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

The nurse known as 'Nurse Ratchett' secured the large bottle of morphine sulfate from the University pharmacy and hid it in her personal bag. She said goodbye to the other nurses at the desk, having secured a half-day off weeks before. She went to the elevator and stepped into it alone.

Instead of the lobby floor, she took the elevator down to the basement levels, where the morgue and labs were. The exit doors to the morgue weren't guarded by University Police, and she knew her bag would not be searched. While unlikely, it was a possibility if she left through the employees' exit upstairs.

Getting into her car, 'Nurse Ratchett' drove to the northern parts of Town, to a shopping center dominated by a Kroger grocery store. She saw the old brown car waiting for her in the parking lot, some distance from the buildings. She pulled up alongside, driver-side-door to driver-side-door. After a few words of greeting, she handed the woman in the other car the bottle of morphine sulfate in its brown paper bag. After farewell wishes, she and the other car drove off in their separate directions.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

The dress fell to the floor in a puddle as Nick Eastwood kissed Laura Fredricson deeply and his hands roamed over her naked flesh. He broke the kiss to look down and admire the older woman's figure, toned by yoga and other workouts, but retaining the graceful curves of her femininity. Laura was all woman, and Nick felt the surges of lust in his body for her.

"Mmm... God, you're beautiful." Nick whispered. "I have been waiting for this moment for so long..."

"Me, too..." Laura said, her hands unbuttoning Nick's shirt as his hands explored her magnificent body. "I can't wait to feel you inside me." As his shirt came off and was flung to the floor, Laura admired Nick's broad shoulders, his hardened muscles of his chest and the 'six pack' of his abs. Fiery flames of lust coursed through her loins as her hands slid over Nick's abdomen, heading for the zipper of his rapidly tenting pants.

Their mouths met again in a deep, hard kiss as Laura unfastened her young lover's pants, allowing Nick's huge cock to spring out. His cock was throbbing, waving between their bodies. Laura's hands grasped the huge shaft and gently jacked it. He was a full ten inches long, at least as long as Todd Burke's cock, and equally as thick. The helmeted head of his circumcised cock was flared out, the taut skin shining in the lights of the room.

Laura saw the large drop of clear pre-cum forming in the piss-slit of Nick's huge prick, and she felt a moment's twang of sadness: she was not able to provide an egg for Nick's potent, virile sperm to fertilize. Laura felt that Nick, as she felt of all handsome, powerful men like her husband and his nephew and others, were meant to fertilize the waiting eggs of beautiful woman as often and in as large numbers as possible.

At least I can provide this young man some pleasure and practice at being a really great lover, she thought to herself as she felt the young superstud Nick Eastwood cupping her large breasts. He bent down, his tongue circling the areola of her left breast, then kissing and sucking her long teat. Mother's milk shot into his mouth, surprising him.

"Damn!" he gasped. "No wonder your tits are so large!"

"Have some more." Laura offered. Nick eagerly accepted, sucking her left teat for a moment then moving to her right teat, sucking the milk out of it. As he feasted on her breast milk, she let her hands roam over his hips and thighs, then over his rock-hard asscheeks. Laura had heard many college girls gushing over how hot Nick's ass was; now she was feeling his powerful glutes in her hands. Then Nick slid his hands over her magnificent, rounded, heart-shaped ass, grabbing and squeezing the globes of her asscheeks.

"Mmmm, let's go to bed." Laura murmured. She moved over to the bed and slid into the middle of it, then watched as Nick eased onto the bed from the foot of it, coming up straight between her spread legs, unerringly seeking the sopping wet treasure between them...

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Getting back from lunch, Lt. Tanya Perlman went to her tiny hole of an office. She was not tall and her body was slender and sexy, thanks to exercise and her normal high energy, but it was still an effort to get behind her desk.

"God damn this office." she breathed to herself. "The Commander has got to help me out on this!" She went to see if the Iron Crowbar had returned to his office, but he was not inside.

As she went down the back hallway of the building, she saw ADA Jenna Stiles's punk assistant, Gor-don, sitting in what was supposed to be the ADAs offices, not his. Once again anger welled up inside her, and the Police Commander did not yet know that he was in for another shouting rant from one of his best officers...

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"Ohhhh!!!" Laura gasped out as shocks of electric pleasure coursed from her clit and up her spine. Nick Eastwood was face deep in her crotch, his mouth plastered to her cuntlips, his tongue delving deep inside her honey hole. His powerful hands and arms were pushing her thighs and knees back into her chest and shoulders, her feet high above them as Nick expertly munched her carpeted cunt.

"Oh Nick, that's so good!" Laura gasped out, letting the pleasure flow through her. "I need you inside me now, I need that big cock of yours inside me. Please, Nick, don't make me wait any longer!"

Nick grinned evilly as he rose up and mounted Laura, easing his fit body on top of hers. He deeply kissed the older woman again, letting her taste her own cunt juices on his tongue. He felt her hands reaching between them, grasping the aching shaft of his huge cock and fitting the helmeted head inside her swollen labes. He felt his meat sinking into her, and he pushed forward with all of his might.

"OH MY FUCKING GOD!" Laura cried out as Nick's cock entered her and drove in, impaling her, sliding in smoothly on a slick layer of hot cunt oil, splitting apart the walls of her wet vagina until the cockhead poked the back wall of her cunt and his huge balls smacked against her 'taint' just below her cuntal opening.

"God damn, girl!" Nick gasped. "You buried it. Ten fucking inches! God, you're incredible!" He slowly slid his meat out of her until just the head was inside her lips, then drove forward again. Laura's body rose to meet Nick's thrust, and as he withdrew and plunged forward again and again, she was meeting each thrust and taking him all inside, their rhythms matching perfectly.

"Oh God, Nick, that feels so fucking good!" Laura moaned as she wrapped her long legs around her young lover's muscular back and ass, the heels of her feet and the stilettos of her shoes pressing into his ass to urge him to fuck her with relentless power. 

"Jeez, baby," Nick gasped, "I've never felt a pussy as good as this! You're are something else, Laura, something special!" He leaned down and kissed her mouth, sliding his tongue deeply into her throat in time with the thrusts of his huge, hard male meat into her glorious, clutching cunt.

The hotly rutting couple fucked each other in a smooth, steady rhythm, blissfully unaware of anything except each other and the intensely hot mating that they were performing together. Each strove to work Nick's cock more deeply into Laura's pussy, to meld their bodies even more tightly together, though they were as united as they could possibly be. 

Their coupling was deep and wet as they made love passionately. Despite his youth, Nick's experience and prowess in fucking woman gave him the stamina he needed to not be premature in his climax, but Laura's clutching, sucking cunt was the hottest challenge his throbbing hard cock had ever had.

Laura's own climax was swiftly building. Her love of sex, combined with her enjoyment of a new man, added to her pleasure, but her deep desires to mate with Nick Eastwood were fueling even deeper fires of lust inside her. She felt her orgasm rising from deep within her loins, a hard orgasm that even her husband did not always trigger inside her. She fucked her pussy hard onto Nick's thrusting cock, driving herself to achieve that climax.

"OH MY GOD!" she cried out as her clutching cunt clamped down hard on Nick's cock. The power of her orgasm overwhelmed her, and she was swamped both mentally and physically by it, losing control completely.

Nick felt the hot woman's cunt gripping him, the feeling being one of attempting to push his cock out of her. He responded by pushing even harder into her, which only added to both lovers' excruciating pleasure. Even as Laura came, Nick felt his own nut rising, and he could do nothing about it.

"Awk! UNNH!" Nick cried out. "I'M COMING!" he screamed as the first powerful jolt of molten sperm jetted into Laura's depths. "UH! UH! UH!" he gasped and grunted as more spurts of hot semen were ejaculated into the beautiful woman beneath him. For a second he felt as if he had no more consciousness, his vision fogging even as the pleasure of the spasms of his climax raced through his entire lower body. It would be long moments before the lovers caught their breaths and were able to snuggle in post-coital bliss... 

Long moments later, after sharing deep, loving kisses, Nick Eastwood raised up, his cock hard again. "Mmm, do you want me to suck that big cock of yours?" Laura offered.

"Not yet." said Nick. He sat on his knees just over Laura's sperm-filled loins, sliding his cock along her wet labes. He grasped her ankles in his hands, bringing her sexy feet to his mouth, kissing and licking the sides and tops of shapely feet and then up her ankles. He removed her high heels, and began sucking her toes, then her heels, first of her right foot then of her left.

He slid his cock into her, enjoying the sound of her loud moan. As he lightly pumped in and out of her, he rubbed the bottoms of her feet against his hard pecs. Laura slid her feet up and down his chest and along his shoulders and neck, though letting him control her feet and enjoying the sensations of his lips and tongue on her toes and heels, then along the sides of her feet as he reveled in the hot foot worship he was giving her.

His cock throbbing, Nick looked down at his beautiful lover and said "I want your ass, baby. I want to fuck you in the ass."

"Mmmm," Laura said, "if you want my ass, you have to win tomorrow. Beat the hell out of State Tech, and I'll let you fuck my ass... and you can go balls-deep and come in my ass, too, Stud."

Nick didn't last too long during their second fuck, either, the thought of coming in Laura's ass making him come deep in her pussy a second time...

Part 2 - Crushing Blows

Saturday. The big game against State Tech was at noon, which suited me just fine. Visitors would migrate out of the Town relatively early, leading to less issues for my Police Force to deal with. Restaurants preferred later games, as people would stop to eat, and maybe even stay overnight.

"Crowbar," said the Chief in his office that morning, "you've been working a lot, not to mention all the issues you've had recently with that Corrigan Cell and your house burning down. I want you to take it easy this weekend. Go to the game with your wife. Captain Charles has the Uniformed Officers deployed, Lt. Croyle has volunteered to be on call if anything comes up for the Detectives to handle."

"Okay, sir." I said. "Your orders, combined with those of my wife, give me no choice. I'll have to go to the game. Good thing I can watch the Wildcats tonight on TV. They're going to be in the Conference Championship game next weekend, and tonight should be a tune-up against their in-state rivals."

"This Town is hating your Wildcats right now." said the Chief. "Especially after the disaster of a season the University has had this year. Harlan may die any day now, and this is Nick Eastwood's last game. I--"

Just then there was a knock at the door, and the Duty Desk sergeant was admitted. "Gentlemen," he said, to include both of us, "I just got the word that Coach Brian Harlan died earlier this morning. Lt. Croyle responded to the call."

"Responded?" I asked, confused. "Why are we needed? The man was very sick with cancer."

"The Medical Examiner was called in two hours ago." said the Duty Desk sergeant. "He called in for us to investigate. He thinks the death is suspicious."

"Crowbar, get over there and handle this mess." said the Chief. I understood what he meant.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

The beautiful Karen Warner Harlan was wearing a black dress and veil, and she was staring daggers at me as I entered the quiet home of the late Coach Brian Harlan. "My condolences, Mrs. Harlan." I said simply to her as Lt. Croyle led me upstairs.

Coach Harlan's body was still in the bed, covered by a sheet. Next to the bed was the pump and I.V. system to deliver drugs intravenously, which was now shut off. There was also a bag inside an evidence bag, and a couple of my Crime Lab technicians looking around.

"Commander, what are you doing here?" asked the Medical Examiner. It sounded like an accusation.

"Preventing you from making a big mistake." I said. "So why are any Police here at all?"

"There's morphine in the I.V. bag." said the M.E. "Looks like someone put enough into the bag to kill him in his sleep."

"For crying out loud," I said quietly, "the man is near death, someone takes away his pain in his final hours, and you're trying to bring a murder case here?"

The M.E. was visibly startled and upset at my attitude. "Commander, I'm shocked to hear that from you. This is not a death by natural causes. Coach Harlan was murdered by a lethal amount of morphine being introduced to his I.V. bag."

I pulled back the sheet covering Brian Harlan, seeing the emaciated face whose even-sharper angles reminded me strongly of his cousin Angela, and the now-tiny body of what had once been a vigorous, athletic man and leader of others.

"Looks pretty damn natural to me, if cancer is natural." I said, replacing the sheet over the dead man. "Lieutenant Croyle, walk with me." We went out of the death room into the hallway, and I made a point to shut the door in the face of the M.E., who was trying to follow us out.

"Croyle, do the right things, take the evidence, cover our asses." I said. "But there is no way in hell I'm going to waste resources on this."

"Understood, sir." Teresa said. She accompanied me downstairs, where everyone was gathered.

Sally Wellman was there, as well as was Katherine Warner Wilson, Karen's aunt. The nurse who had tended to Coach Harlan in his final days, who I could tell from one look was the one who had administered the pain-killing and life-taking morphine dose, was standing to one side, as was a house staff person. Dr. Wellman was in the home, along with the Athletic Director; however, they they were in another room at the moment, waiting for me to leave in order to give their comforts to the widow and perhaps make some preliminary funeral arrangements.

"Can't leave a dead man's family in peace, can you, Commander Troy." Karen Warner Harlan said, her voice dripping with venom.

"You underestimate me, Mrs. Harlan." I said coldly, then looked right over at the nurse as I continued speaking to Karen: "I'm here to suggest to you, Mrs. Harlan, to tell everyone involved to take the Fifth, to answer no questions from the Medical Examiner nor Coroner nor my officers, and then I can let your husband as well as all of you rest in peace. Of course, Mrs. Harlan, if you still want to pitch a fit and have me come in full-force with my investigational team, by all means, keep up the crap."
