 The chronological order of my stories is as follows:

Todd & Melina series, Interludes 1-5, Sperm Wars series, Russian Roulette series, Case of the Murdered Lovers series, Case of the Murdered Chessplayer series, The Swap series, Interludes 6-10, The Murdered Football Player Series, Case of the Black Widow series, Teresa's Christmas Story, The Case of the Black Badge series, A Case of Revenge series, Teresa's Summer Race, The Trilogy series, Dark Side Of The Force series, Caught In The Act series, Case of the Murdered Bride series, The Credit Card Caper series, The Hot Wives Investment Club series, Seriously Inconvenienced, Ch. 1-5.

Case of the Paper Trail, Ch. 1-2.

Feedback and constructive criticism is very much appreciated, and I encourage feedback for ideas.

This story contains graphic scenes, extreme language, and actions that might be extremely offensive to some people. These scenes, words and actions are used only for the literary purposes of this story. The author does not condone murder, racial or racist language, violence, rape or violence against women, and any depictions of any of these in this story should not be construed as acceptance of the above.

Part 6 - May-December Relations

"Oh, that soooo good!" Phyllis groaned as the large cock sank deep into her aching quim.

The mature beauty and young Seth Warner were lying on their right sides like spoons on the bed, and he was pumping her from behind with his nine inch weapon of lust. She felt Seth's left hand gripping her large left breast, squeezing and mauling it as he pistoned his meat in and out of her with hard, driving thrusts. She turned her head as her left arm reached back to pull his face to hers, and they deeply kissed.

"Oh yeah, baby, fuck me!" Phyllis gasped as her eyes bore into her young lover's, her hand running through his thick mane of longish black hair. Seth shoved his long, thick prick into her sopping wet, well-lubricated mature pussy again and again, amazed at how good it felt to fuck a woman in her sixties, and wanting to make the older woman climax hard and then go limp with utter pleasure. Phyllis groaned, and even as they were fucking, she was remembering what had led to their hot mating...

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"Are you going to your sister's husband's funeral?" Jeanine Olivet Burke had asked as the four of them were eating dinner at Todd and Jeanine's house. Todd had invited his grandmother to visit, and Seth had come to talk about his legal case with Jeanine. The babies were put to bed and were peacefully sleeping.

"No." said Seth. "My sister is as bitterly angry at me as anything I've ever seen from anyone. Hell, she tried to get him to kill either me or Shayla Belle, and she probably would create a scene and have me thrown out if I tried to go. She's got to be hating it that I'm on the verge of winning the case."

Indeed, Seth had gotten the report that the Court hearing for the next month was not going to be postponed, which Karen Warner Harlan's lawyer had asked for when it became apparent that the judge was not going to rule in her favor. 

"We're a bit shocked ourselves," Jeanine said, reporting on behalf of her partner Tina Felton, who was working this case brilliantly and expertly. "Tina went the route of breaking the will, due to the fact that heiress Karla Warner conspired to murder her husband. And it looks like it's going to work, and to Seth's advantage."

"But won't the family still inherit?" Todd asked. "And since you, Seth, and your sister are not Warner's children, that pretty much gives it all to your Aunt Katherine..." He let the question linger.

"Karen and I were formally adopted." Seth said. "So we do have those family rights. But from what Tina told me, if the judge breaks the will, he can declare that my dad, meaning Anthony Warner, died intestate. That will give the State jurisdiction over the company. And State Law will allow the Board to make the ultimate decision about the company, and I have them backing me. They'll sell the company to BOW Enterprises, take their money, and run as fast as they can to the Bank."

"And that's good for all of us." said Todd, who secretly had his own reasons for wanting to secure Dynacorp for BOW Enterprises...

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

After dinner, Phyllis was all over Seth, flirting with him, stroking his thigh as they sat together. Drinks were flowing freely, and Seth allowed himself to see the attractiveness of the older woman. Phyllis worked out, her body was toned and shapely, and her legs still looked very good for a woman of any age.

Soon, they were making out, just as Todd and Jeanine were in the preliminary stages of foreplay themselves. Seth didn't know it, but Todd and Jeanine were acting like teenage lovers in order to entice Seth to get hot and randy with Phyllis... and it was working.

Phyllis had just gone for it. She had opened Seth's pants, easing out his large half-hard cock. She jacked it to hardness as she told Seth how big his cock was and how she was going to fuck him because he was so young and handsome. Then Seth moaned as Phyllis eased down and began sucking his huge cock.

"Unnh!" he'd moaned, and then glanced over at Todd and Jeanine. The beautiful lawyer had her young husband's enormous cock out and she was sucking it like there was no tomorrow. The feeling of Phyllis's mouth on his cock coupled with the sight of the other couple made Seth all the harder.

When Phyllis stood up and let her dress fall to the floor, Seth had gaped at her, especially her large, natural breasts and her gaping, fur-lined cuntlips. She quickly got him to slide his pants down and off his legs, then she mounted him, facing him. As Seth sucked Phyllis's tits, she reached down and guided his long, thick meat into her cunt... which she had made sure was generously lubricated.

Seth looked over as Phyllis rode him hard, her moans of lust filling the room. Jeanine had mounted her husband, but reverse cowgirl, and Seth could see Todd's massive member sliding up into his wife as she rode him like a whore on payday. Jeanine was one beautiful woman, he thought as he watched her ride Todd's cock. Phyllis was hot, too, and he realized he'd never fucked a woman as old as Phyllis was, in her early 60s. Geez, Phyllis was fucking hotter than most women half her age!

That led Seth to think about his affair with his Aunt Katherine. Katherine Warner Wilson had been deliciously hot and far and away the best fuck Seth had ever experienced. He realized that his desire for Katherine was due to the fact that he'd fallen deeply in love with her, and his desires were not just physically sexual...

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"Yeah, I was in love with her." Seth said as he and Phyllis cuddled in bed, in the guest room. "And it really hurt when she betrayed me." He was talking about Katherine and her decision to go with Karen and Karla in trying to oust him from Dynacorp.

"Mmm, a handsome young man like you needs a lot of sex." said Phyllis. "We need to find you a good woman. I can wear you out only every so often."

Seth laughed. "You're damn good in bed, Phyllis... but to be honest, I've realized that I'm not like you and Todd and Jeanine and your son, doing all the swinger and multiple partner stuff. I'd be better off with just one woman, one that I can love and trust."

"Well, we will have to work on that." said Phyllis. "This weekend is the Policeman's Ball, and you are going to it as my date. No, I'm not taking 'no' for an answer, we're going to go and have fun... and who knows what might happen there, who you might meet..." 

Now as they fucked in the spoon position, Phyllis groaned in pleasure... partially from Seth's cock driving hard into her womanly depths, but also from her plans for him... oh yes, wonderful plans...

Part 7 - Continuing With The Case

The Tuesday morning meeting at 10:00am brought a lot of information. Myron was giving most of it, and he had it arranged in fairly chronological order.

"First, I'll talk about Harmon Biller." Myron said. "He's a process engineer at BigPharmaCorp, technically retired at the end of last year, but they have him on retainer as a consultant/contractor type. He also is part of a cooperative farm just across the Coltrane County line, which is north of The Vision's property. Some of the young people from The Vision work on this farm, growing organic vegetables and stuff, and Biller was very big into that 'clean living' stuff--"

"Any associations with P. Harvey Eckhart?" Tanya asked.

"Not that I know of, Lieutenant." Myron said, his face not concealing his dislike at having been interrupted. "Biller does does travel to Germany several times a year, though." Myron continued. "His credit card records show that he does not spend a lot there, but he does make an effort to buy some of that stationary like that that Edna's note was written on. They don't export it, so he picks some up while over there. Several people at BigPharmaCorp use it, so he expenses it to the company."

"His paper trail is paper, literally." Cindy quipped. I smiled at her little joke, though it seemed to sail over everyone else's heads.

"Does his wife travel with him on his trips to Germany?" Tanya asked, and I was relieved that I didn't have to butt in and ask that myself.

"No ma'am." said Myron. "As far as I can tell, she has never been over there with him. Now she has been on a couple of those river cruises over there, but she did not go at the same time he did, nor anywhere near the location he always goes to."

"Did she travel to Europe with the Davises, or with Charleen?" Tanya asked.

"No." said Myron. "They've never traveled outside the US, that I can tell. But before I talk about them, let me tell you about the Biller's finances." Myron had his storyline prepared, and did not want to deviate from it. I made a mental not to speak with Tanya about that: she needed to learn to roll with Myron's whims.

Myron said "Mr. Biller has put a good bit of money into that farm cooperative, and it's left them without any real savings. Edna does not spend a lot overall, but did spend a decent amount on clothes. As I said, she did occasionally travel with friends, and without her husband. But nothing serious, no major debts that I can find. What was interesting is what I did not find: no credit card receipts for alcohol, either in package stores or at bars. If she was drinking, she was spending cash when doing it."

"Makes sense," said Martin Nash, "if she was trying to hide her drinking from her husband."

"She didn't take out large cash advances from her credit cards, either." said Myron. "So if she was getting cash to buy liquor, I'm not finding large amounts of that, at least not yet."

"If she even was drinking." said Joanne Cummings. "We only have Mr. Biller's story for that; no confirmation." I held my tongue but smiled brightly, as I was very happy to hear Joanne make that excellent point.

"Okay, Myron, what else do you have?" asked the Chief.

"Moving to the Davises." Myron said. "Bill Davis retired from King and Ebenezer Food Industries, and had set up his own retirements so that he wasn't badly hurt when they went bankrupt. He also has the beginnings of Alzheimers, and he may be past the 'beginnings', if you know what I mean. It's likely he'll have to have permanent care or be in a home within a few years. For now, his wife is spending most of her time taking care of him. If she ever leaves him for more than a couple of hours, she has someone, usually a friend from her church, come in to sit with him."

"Did Edna ever stay with Bill Davis?" asked Joanne Cummings, most astutely.

"Mr. Davis said 'no'," replied Tanya Perlman, "but his memory is untrustworthy. We're going to have a nice, formal re-interviewing with Mr. Biller later this afternoon. I'll ask him about that."

"Any life insurance policies?" asked the Chief.

"Yep, on all four of them." said Myron. "Bill Davis's policy is a whole life. He had another whole life policy that he converted to an annuity, which was paying for the rest of his lifetime, but would not continue if he dies before his wife. The insurance policy he still has is for one million dollars plus whatever has accrued through investments minus withdrawals, and will go to his wife when he dies."

Myron went on: "The other three also have policies. Mrs. Davis's is mostly one of those that will take care of final expenses. Mrs. Biller's is a life insurance policy with a medical and disability benefit; that's all the rage these days, but I think they're a bit scammy."

"You and me both." said Cindy Ross.

"Yes, ma'am." said Myron. "But the life insurance itself is for half a million. Mr. Biller's is for one million dollars, but he's never really put more than just above the minimum, so it hasn't built up much. He does also have his pension from BigPharmaCorp, having been with them when they were still giving pensions."

"Certainly not much there. Unless you find something else, I don't see how money can be a motive, here." asked the Chief. "Myron, any tracing of their whereabouts at the relevant times?"

"That's where none of this makes sense, Chief." said Myron. "Charleen Davis's cell phone went to Kroger with her, stayed at Kroger for several hours, then came almost straight back to her home around 9:30 that night. Edna's phone also sat in her car, then found its way to the Davis home at the same time Charleen's did. The text came from the cell tower nearest the Davis home."

"I think the Iron Crowbar would say that that makes plenty of sense, if he were involving himself in this case." the Chief quipped, looking over at me. It was clear he wanted me to jump back into this thing, but I merely shrugged my shoulders and remained silent... to Tanya's great relief.

Part 8 - Bodies of Evidence

Two hours later, as we were about to go to lunch, the call came in.

Two bodies had been found, not far from the County Jail that was also going to be Precinct 3 Headquarters. When we got out there, we found the bodies about 30 yards from the County Jail on the farm land that was next door. There was an east-west dirt road there, and we got some good tire impressions. The bodies were partially enclosed in plastic wrapping.

Precinct Captain Susan Weston was there, and paying a lot of attention to me. I understand kissing up to the boss, but she was taking the cake.

"Who found this?" Lt. Perlman asked, taking the lead as I would expect her to. Captain Weston ignored Tanya, however, and instead talked only to me.

"Our guys spotted some carrion birds landing here, Commander." Weston said to me, trying to keep her voice quiet enough that Tanya couldn't hear her. "They checked it out and found these--"

"Did anyone touch the bodies or move them?" Tanya asked as she squatted down by one of the plastic-wrapped set of remains, eager to get started on the investigation before more damage was done to the evidence.

"I'm talking here, Lieutenant!" Captain Weston exploded. "And to the Commander! Wait until I'm finished!"

"As you were, Captain!" I said, instinctively using military language, a bit shocked at Weston's attitude. "Lt. Perlman is in charge of this murder investigation, and I strongly recommend you cooperate with her."

"Yes, sir." said Weston, but her actions after that were to walk away from us, telling one of her Sergeants to '"look after the Commander's needs".

"She got something against you, Tanya?" I asked quietly as I walked up to my MCD Lieutenant.

"Hell if I know." Tanya replied. "Thanks for taking up for me, though."

"My pleasure." I said. "And her asschewing from me is not finished yet. Okay, we've got two middle-aged women, and I've got one red crowbar that suspects they are Charleen Davis and Edna Biller."

"Your red crowbar is good." said Tanya. "No wonder it gets all the results, and you get all the girls!"

I laughed, more of a short bark, then left Tanya to her work. I examined the scene as the Crime Lab worked efficiently, then as the Medical Examiner came out and did his work. He avoided me as much as he could, not wanting to incur my further wrath, but I made a point to compliment his efficiency as he carefully catalogued forensic evidence and worked with the Crime Lab team to make sure everything would pass legal muster. He was learning, and I was reeling him back in.

The bodies were partially wrapped in plastic, and there was some evidence that animals had gotten to the extremities at the ends of the sheeting, the heads and feet. But the damage was not too bad, and I noticed that plenty of blood had flowed and frozen in little puddles in the plastic and on the ground at the edge of the plastic.

"Lots of blood." Tanya said. "Looks like they were killed here, or else that plastic caught the blood and leaked it all here." I just nodded in agreement.

"I've gotta go over to the County Jail and speak with the Precinct Captain." I said, knowing that that situation was much more on my mind than the crime scene. I told Tanya to keep up the good work as I walked out with a purpose.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"So," said the Chief, at 3:00pm that Tuesday afternoon, "what did you say to Precinct Captain Weston?"

"I told her in the privacy of her office that I didn't know what that stuff with Tanya was about," I replied, "but if she ever did that again to one of my MCD Detectives, much less the Lieutenant in charge of MCD, that she wouldn't be a Precinct Captain much longer. She said that she felt disrespected by Lt. Perlman, and after she ignored Lt. Perlman's first question, I do understand that Perlman interrupted her the second time, but it was understandable as there was a crime scene in front of us that required speed to process, and Lt. Perlman was in charge at the scene. I made it clear that I considered it to be Weston as the problem, rank notwithstanding, and that Weston had better shape up. She got apologetic, but I could tell she didn't mean it. She's done a good job to this point, but now I'll have to keep an eye on her."

"I'm glad you were there." said the Chief. "I don't understand it either, and I've 'invited' Precinct Captain Weston into my office tomorrow morning to explain herself. By doing that, it makes her spend the night thinking about it. Meanwhile, let's go to the meeting."

Once seated with the MCD team in the main conference room, the Chief said "Okay, Lt. Perlman, what have we got?"

"The DNA tests are a day out, but we're pretty sure these bodies are those of Charleen Davis and Edna Biller, from dental records and partial fingerprints, as well as their clothing and jewelry." Tanya said, her face still showing a trace of anger at what had happened at the crime scene. "The Medical Examiner is making a point to expedite the autopsies. Seems he got the word that one certain Iron Crowbar was most displeased with him at the home of Coach Harlan... whose funeral is happening now, by the way... and he wants to make amends after the Iron Crowbar complimented his work at the crime scene today."

"You're making friends and influencing people, Commander." said the Chief, a bit dryly.

"Yes sir." I said, not rising to the bait. "Tanya, how did they die?"

"Badly, sir." said Tanya. "Their throats were slit by what appears to be a hunting knife, from left to right, suggesting a right-handed person from behind. They would've bled out quite a bit, with blood spray from the carotid artery, unless the murderer paid attention and had some kind of cloth to cover the would as it was being made. That suggests to me they were killed near to where we found them, but not right at that location. Here's a couple of photos." Tanya began passing around photos of the deceased women, causing many in the room to get squeamish looks on their faces.
