 Usual disclaimer -- the following contains erotic material that may not be suited for everyone. People in the story may or may not engage in safe sex. Regardless, you should if you indulge at all.

Chapter 1

Well I saw her first in the Williams Sonoma store. She was browsing around in the high dollar cookware section and examining things at length.

Her hair was that beautiful Julianne Moore red color, fine and thick. She was blue eyed and a slim, but by no means skinny 5' 5". She looked to be a B cup bra size and her nipples appeared to be large as they were prominently visible through the tank top in the coolness of the cooking store. She also wore a short denim skirt that came to about mid-thigh and framed her beautiful rounded ass.

She was looking perplexed at the display of All Clad cookware, wavering back and forth between the stainless and the MasterChef 2. I kinda sauntered up and raised an eyebrow and looked at both the displays.

"I really don't see much difference between these," she said looking up at me. "The stainless is much more though." 

I was hooked! She had the most beautiful eyes in a cute if not overwhelmingly beautiful face. She had a large mouth with wonderful lips, which I confess I was trying to picture wrapped around my cock. I know, totally chauvinistic, but I had yet to talk to her.

I spite of my excitement/preoccupation I calmly said, "Actually the stainless is more for looks or if you have induction cooking. From a purely functional standpoint, the MasterChef 2 has the better heat transfer and it costs less. Of course it isn't as striking as the polished stainless exteriors of the other line and will show its age sooner."

She thanked me for my opinion and went back to studying the cookware. I had started away when she said, "I'll take this set of MasterChef 2. You know, you have saved me quite a bit of money and I appreciate it."

"It's my pleasure, I assure you," I replied.

"Would you like to have lunch or a cup of coffee or something? My treat," she asked.

"I can't think of anything I'd rather do than have lunch with you. Your treating me isn't necessary. The pleasure of your company will be payment enough," I said.

We went to a little eatery in the Mall and ordered drinks and salads. We learned that our names were Mike and Casey and that I was an early retired 50 and she was a freelance writer. As the afternoon wore on, we were talking like we'd been friends forever and continuing to order a drink periodically. She was animated and smiling and her eyes were looking into mine and I was lost.

Casey would occasionally put her hand on my arm or on my leg. That got my attention and my cock started to stiffen some. Fully hard it's almost 9" long so it makes an uncomfortable bulge. Long about the third time she touched my thigh under the table her thumb brushed the expanded lump of my cock. She didn't stop speaking, but glanced down at her hand partially concealed by the tablecloth and I saw her eyes widen and she swallowed hard.

Pretending not to notice where she had looked or the hand so close to my cock I just dropped my hand to her thigh just below the hem of her skirt which had ridden up quite high when she sat down. I made some brilliant remark about something to keep the moment going and hoped she wouldn't slap me for being too forward. After all, the touch on my cock could very well have been accidental.

Nope. She put her hand fully on my cock and squeezed. This brought it to almost full attention.

"Is all of that for me?" she whispered into my ear. "It feels huge."

"All for you," was my somewhat strained reply.

She continued to whisper in my ear, "I want you to notice that my panties are very tiny and absolutely soaking." As she spoke she pushed my hand up under her skirt until my fingers encountered the gusset of her panties.

They were tiny, and black and wringing wet with her juices. I slipped a finger in through the leg band and felt the soaking wet slickness of her pussy lips. My finger then slipped into her a couple of joints and I rubbed up on her to find the G-spot. She moaned softly and I pulled the finger out to run it up to her clit. I felt it and was shocked. It was huge! I rubbed it for a moment with my cum slicked finger and watched her face as her eyes closed and her breath came faster. Within a minute she moaned, "Oh my. I'm cumming," and she bucked her hips slightly as the orgasm took her.

I stopped the manipulation of her engorged clit and pulled my hand out from under her skirt. I licked her copious spendings from my fingers while she watched in surprise. Then she excused herself and went to the ladies room.

When she returned I said, "We've got to get out of here now. I must have you and I can't wait any longer. Do you live nearby?"

"Yes," she replied. "In fact I walked over here today."

"Well, we'll take my car to your house if that's okay," I said.

"Lead on, then," she said.

We went out into the parking lot and walked down the rows with our arms around each other. We got to my car and I opened the door for her and she entered in such a way that I got a perfect view (which she held for several seconds) of the prettiest pussy I have ever seen. She must have taken her panties off in the restroom because I was looking a s small racing stripe of red hair crowning pair of shaven pink lips. They were spread apart because of her position and I could see the cunt cream around her hole and just the top of her cute anal pucker. This sight hit me right between the legs and I just about came right there in my pants. 

"The sooner you stop looking and start driving, the sooner you get to see it up close and wet," she smiled. "Get in and let's go. I don't want to waste any more cream on a seat when I can have your mouth instead."

We drove to her place and went in. The door hadn't even closed yet when she was dragging my cargo shorts and briefs down around my feet. She then squatted in front of me and was staring at my eight plus inches of very hard cock with the precum coated head. She didn't stare long, however. Grasping my cock with her right hand, she squeezed and pressed up toward the head. This brought a gasp from me and some additional precum to the slit of my cock. Without further ado, she licked the cream off the end of my dick and then sucked the head into her mouth.

"Mmmmmm, Mike" she moaned. "It tastes soooo good." 

She looked up at me and pulled off my cock and said, "We're going to fuck and fuck, but right now you are too hot. I'm gonna take this monster into my mouth as far as I can and suck you off. Don't hold back, just cum when you are ready and fill my mouth up."

And she did. She sucked my cock to the back of her throat, licking the bottom with her tongue. She bobbed her head several times, sliding those tight, large lips up and down and continuing to lick with her tongue. The fingers of her left hand gently scraped against my balls. Then she just kept sliding down. I felt the large head of my cock squeeze past the constriction of her throat and slide towards her stomach. She moaned as it went in and made swallowing motions to further stimulate my cock, looking up at me all the while.

Then she drew back and held my cock up, stroking it with her hand while her tongue started bathing my balls. She licked them and then gently sucked one into her mouth tonguing it gently. Repeating this on the other she watched as I was groaning with the feeling of it. Then she licked under my balls a little and prepared to return my cock head to her mouth. I was jerking and moaning.

Looking up as she gently stroked my dick she said, "Ready?"

All I could do was moan. Her response was to grab my butt with both hands and to slide my cock all the way in till my pubes were smashed against her nose and my balls were against her chin. Then she began pulling back till just the head was in and driving down again faster and faster. I couldn't hold back. With a scream of lust I cried, "Cumminnnnng. Now Oh yes." and I grabbed her head to continue to thrust.

But she had other ideas. She pulled back till she had about 2 inches of my cock in her mouth and was sucking and tonguing. I started to spurt and pumped about 3 tablespoons of hot, thick cum into her mouth. She just kept up the sucking and squeezing my balls gently until I subsided and softened slightly. Her left hand had dropped between her legs and she was rubbing her clit frantically, which produced yet another shuddering orgasm for her. She then pulled the cum coated head of my cock out and rubbed it around her lips. She smiled up at me and opened her mouth to show me the entire load of my cum that she still had in her mouth. Then she swallowed and licked the remaining cum off my cock and used her fingers to gather up the cum from her face and licked that off too.

"I just love the taste of your cum," she said smiling. "I would like to taste more of it, too."

I couldn't believe what had just happened: the best blow job of my life! I took her head in my hands and leaned down and kissed her strongly, licking her teeth and tongue with abandon, tasting my cum in her mouth. She started in surprise and then kissed back hungrily.

I pulled her up to her feet and pressed her to me with both hands under her skirt cupping her ass cheeks. I squeezed them and kneaded them as she moaned into my mouth.

I broke the embrace saying, "Bedroom. Where's the bedroom?"

Without answering she grabbed me by the still tumescent shaft of my cock and led me down a hall to a nicely furnished comfortable bedroom, the chief component of which was a king sized bed.

I reached down and grabbed the bottom of her tank top and pulled it up over her head. It (being one of those with a built in bra) caught on her tits for a moment and then released, leaving her bare breasts bouncing slightly. As I continued to pull the tank over her head I couldn't help but be mesmerized by what I saw. I could tell why her nipples were so prominent, even through the bra'd tank. The aureoles were dark pink and about an inch and a half across. The nipples, fully hardened and erect were a shade or two darker and just enormous. They stood out at least an inch and were almost a half inch in diameter. My mouth was just watering to suck on them.

We kissed again, my tongue exploring her mouth and hers fighting its way into mine, our bodies crushed together and held there by our hands grasping each other's butts. I broke the kiss and stepped back and removed my shirt, then toppled us both into bed.

I was just dying to suck on those huge nipples, but I decided to make her wait just a little. I kissed and licked in the hollow of her throat and down into the cleavage between her breasts. I licked here and then under each breast, squeezing gently on the other as I tongued her. Then I licked around to the side of her right breast with little suckings, not enough to raise a hickey, but enough to note an increase in her breathing and moaning. I switched to the left breast for the same treatment began gently stroking the nipple of the right with a moistened finger. She loved it.

Finally I had to do it. I licked my way up to her right nipple and began stroking the left. I took the nipple in my mouth and started gently sucking on its hugeness. If anything, it got harder and bigger. I trapped it with my lips and flicked it with my tongue.

"Ohhh, Ohhh, more of that. Bite it gently please, please," she moaned. "I can cum from this if you keep it up."

Biting at the base of the nipple and drawing my teeth gently up the sides as I lashed the tip with my tongue brought further moans and small screams of delight. Needles to say, I couldn't ignore the other nipple and started in on a similar treatment of its hard pink flesh. I began tweaking and gently twisting the other between my thumb and forefinger, repeatedly wetting them first from my mouth and then holding them up to hers for wetting which she did with more moaning.

Sure enough in just a short time she began to buck her chest at me and moan loader, "I'm cumming, God damn it, oh shit I'm cummiinnnng."

Knowing that there's no time to increase the pleasure like when the pleasure's at a peak, I reached down to her furry mons. She spread her legs and I dipped my fingers to her cunthole. It was awash in pussy juice, hot and slick. I literally grabbed a handful and rubbed her clit with it. She screamed and arched up, the orgasm just kicked up a notch by the clitoral stimulation. God I love to watch a woman cum.

"Enough, enough," she said weakly. "Give me a moment to recover. Kiss me you wonderful man."

You don't need to invite me twice. I gathered her up in my arms and began kissing her face. I pulled back and tried and experiment. I brought up the fingers still soaking with her juices and fed them to her. She licked the fingers eagerly. Then I kissed her again commenting, "You taste so sweet and hot and good!"

She just sighed and whispered, "I'm glad you like it. I hope you'll want more in a little while."

With that she drifted off to a light sleep. I couldn't get over the intensity of her orgasms and the obvious fact that she was incredibly sensual. Her whole body seemed to be an erogenous zone, a condition of which I approved highly.

Chapter 2

I guess I must have dozed for a little while because I started awake. It took me a moment to get my bearings and realize where I was and with whom. There was Casey lying on her side being spooned by me. I gently disengaged myself from her and got up to go to the bathroom. I got a glass of water and washed my hands and face.

Returning to the room I found Casey sitting up in bed with her knees drawn up and out. She was squeezing a nipple with one hand and slowly working two fingers in and out of her cunt with the other. Her hand was soaked.

"I missed you when I woke up and you were gone," she said. "I got all horny thinking about you and I had to start without you. Can you come here now please?"

I looked at the almost glazed look in her eyes, her mouth open and tongue on her lips, her nipples, reddened and hard still from our activities before and her beautiful pink lined cunt just dripping cream and I was in between her legs in an instant.

"I need to eat this gorgeous pussy, Casey," I said, my tongue actually feeling "thick" in my mouth. I want to suck up that sweet cunt cream and make you cum again."

With that I lowered my head till I was just above her mons. I could smell the musky scent of woman in heat and it near drove me crazy. Pulling her down from her sitting up position, I pushed her thighs back to her tits with my forearms and pulled her labia open with my thumbs. She was completely exposed to me from behind her asshole to her clit and the gorgeous strip of thick red pubic hair crowning her vulva. I licked the crease where her thigh joins her groin on both sides and she murmured "Mmmmmm".

Then I sucked each of the outer lips into my mouth and rubbed my tongue on them. My face was already wet with the constant dripping of her hot juices. Then I started behind her anus and, in one long slow passage, licked across that dark rose pucker, on up across her cunthole to the huge bulge of her clit. I took a second to admire this giant among clits. It was about a half inch in diameter and was a good inch long, tapering to a dull point. I licked around and around it and then flicked my tongue across it. She started cumming again and I had only just begun my worship of the most magnificent cunt I had ever seen.

I left my thumb in contact with her clit while I moved my mouth down to her hole. she was creaming steadily with her orgasm and I began to suck this delectable sauce into my mouth, swallowing as needed. She was like a faucet left on. Only this faucet was bucking and moaning and cumming again and again.

Thinking I could catch the juices easily a little further down I went a little lower and again tongued that pretty rosebud anus. It flowered slightly and she moaned again, "Yesss. Oh yessss. I love that. Please don't stop."

Well I suppose I would have to some time, but not now, that's for sure. I took my thumb that I was rubbing her clit with and put it into her cunt with the flat of my hand by the index finger rubbing the clit. Her cunt spasmed around my thumb. As it relaxed her pretty little asshole relaxed against my tongue and I pressed it into her ass, licking in a circle. 

She shrieked, "Yesss oh yess. Suck my asshole, tongue fuck me. Don't stop. Don't stop...", and her voice became incoherent as my tongue worked in deeper and circled harder. She had a huge orgasm, bucking her hips up hard and producing a real stream of girly cum from her cunt, which I sucked up and swallowed.

At this point, my cock could no longer be denied. I pulled back and rubbed the bulbous head of my dick against her pretty cunt hole to wet it and pushed it in in one smooth stroke. She was tight and hot. Hotter than any cunt I'd ever been in before. Her hips raised and kinda circled and she stroked my cock with the educated walls of her pussy.

"That's it, That's it," she gasped. "Fuck my pussy hard. Let me have it deep. Oh God it's so damned big and it's stretching me hard. Ohhhhhh. Fuckkkk."

I figured that this was going as well as could be expected and I was in such a state that I knew I would not last long, great blow job notwithstanding. So I pumped that cock into her in long hard strokes from just the head inside to buried balls deep and back again. She was cumming pretty much continually now, moaning, pulling at my ass with both hands to insure deepest penetration. 

I reached under her ass and wet my middle finger in the juice leaking constantly from her cunt and pressed it slowly, but steadily into her asshole. She bucked up and screamed out, "Oh shittt. I'm cummminnnnnng, again." 

And her cunt began squeezing my cock and her asshole my finger and that was it for me. I started cumming in that cunt like I had never done before and I roared out, "Ohhhh me too. The best, the best, oh I'm cumming so hard."

Five, six, seven squirts of my hot cum were deposited into that inferno that lies between her legs with me reared up and just holding the cock as deep as I could inside her.

Then all my strength was gone and I collapsed on my elbows kissing her eyes and nose and mouth and neck. I just couldn't get enough of her. It had been the most amazing sexual experience of my life. I didn't know what I would have to do to continue seeing Casey, but I would do it and more. There was no way this was going to be a one timer.

I rolled off to the side, my still large, but flaccid cock dragging a stream of our mixed cum across first her and then my thigh as I turned on my back. I put my arm around her and pulled her head to my chest. As we lay there for a moment, I could feel cum still leaking out of my cock onto my thigh.

Casey traced little curlicues on my chest with her finger and looked at me and said, "At the risk of sounding silly and going too fast, that was the best tonguing and fucking I've ever had."

"Same here," I said. "I hope this isn't too much too soon, but you are just flat out wonderful. Not only gorgeous and sexy and a great conversationalist, but an eager and amazing lover. We need to learn more about each other and get comfortable with each other in a non-sexual way too."

"I think so too," she replied, "but there are some matters that I need to clean up first."

At that she got to her knees and worked around till she was between my legs, never losing eye contact with me. Then she lifted my cock with her hand and licked the cum off of my thigh that had been dripping there. Her eyes closed and she licked her lips and said, "Oh yes. That's so good."

Then she took my cock in her mouth and began sucking and licking it clean. After a few seconds she looked at me, took my cock from her mouth and said, "We taste good together."
