 As another long day at the dinner comes to an end Cassandra, exhausted from being on her feet all day, heads home to get ready for the nights events. 

Although hesitant from work and nights of restless sleep, she told her friends she would meet them at the local club. She lays out her black dress and heads for the shower. The heat feels really good as it runs over her tiered body, relaxing her muscles, drawing her closer to the desire of calling it an evening and just going to bed. But no she has to meet her friends. She did promise after all.

She sits on the end of her bed, knowing she has to get dressed, glances at the clock wishing she had just a few minutes for herself; she lies back on the bed and closes her burning eyes for a moment.

She looks in the mirror one last time to make sure she is ready. Letting out a heavy sigh she grabs her purse and heads out to meet her friends.

Upon arriving Cassandra's friends are no where to be found. Frustrated with this she begins to search for them. Distracted by her search she does not see him standing there until she nearly runs him over. Turning to apologize, she is frozen from the disbelief that it is him standing in front of her, even though they have not yet met. She knows she belongs to him even without knowing him. He has taken her and claimed her many times before, even if he does not know it.

Until now, she was unsure he even existed anywhere but in her mind. She's loved him and known him in every way many times before. Still she knows it is him, perfect in every way just as she has imagined him in her minds eye.

At a loss for words, her mind wanting him to take her in his arms, yet hoping he doesn't notice. This all seems so familiar, though she doesn't even know his name, but she knows she knows him. 

It cannot just be a dream!

2

She can feel the heat in her loins rising. Her body flushes with passion, her heart beating wildly out of control. She can not look away from him, his eyes holding her captive. A blue like nun she's ever seen before with faint swirls of green and the light within them is like bright stars against a dark night sky. The need to run her fingers through his thick golden hair is almost over powering. 

She could hear nothing save the blood thrumming in her ears. Every nerve in her body alive with electricity, the air between them charged and thick with desire. Cassandra knows he feels it as intensely as she. His body tens his gaze locked with hers, her breath catches in her throat. Unable to breath she gently wets her lips with her tong and her lips part as if in invitation to him. 

He steps closer to her, so close she can feel his breath on her skin. With out word or warning he pulls her into him, and captures her lips with his. As she feels his arms encircling her she knows she should not allow him to do this, but can not bring herself to stop him. 

As his arms close tighter around her she feels herself being lifted slightly up and deeper into his embrace. He deepens his kiss crushing her lips beneath his. As if of a will all there own her arm link together behind his neck. 

She can feel him moving but does not concern herself with where he is taking her. She is so consumed with the passion of the moment her mind can not form the thoughts, where or why. Her mind and body knows only that the feel of him against her is so intense and so perfect that she can not bring herself to do or say anything that may ruin this moment.

With one hand locked tightly around her waist he reaches for a door with the other. Opening it he sweeps her into a small room. The room has little more then a candle glow for lighting, soft pale colored walls and a small but lusciously covered bed.

Cassandra no longer knows nor does she care where they are or how they got there all she knows is the perfectly almost dream like state he has already brought her to. The anticipation of what's to come is almost more then Cassandra can bare. 

Cassandra knows her mind is no longer in control of her body or its actions. It is as if he has taken complete power and control over her, and she is willing to give it to him. 

His lips slowly part from hers as he lays her down on the bed. Cassandra can feel the emptiness the separation leaves and softly sighs from the desperation left with in her. She feels his lips against the soft skin of her neck, his hands coming around to slowly roam over her body. The pleasure with in her rises to heights she never knew existed before now. She moans with pure pleasure coursing through her entire body.

She feels his lips moving slowly down her throat and across the top of her chest as his hands find the buttons of her dress. He undoes her dress and gently nuzzles it away from her breast as his fingers move the straps from her shoulders. His hands continue to slide her dress from her. His mouth comes down to capture one of her nipples within it. As he lavishes her nipple within his mouth he flicks his tong across it and brings it to a tingling hardness. Once he has her nipple to a firm tingling little pebble he moves slowly across her chest. Kissing and tasting every inch of her until he reaches the other nipple and then begins to suck, lick and tease that one, as well until both of her nipples are taught and tingling and aching for more.

With his lips, his tong, and his teeth teasing and playing against her nipples her body arches up toward him offering him more of her, she moans with the delight of all he is giving her. As she arches her body toward him he slides his hands beneath her removing her dress completely fully exposing her to him. His fingers roving over her entire body, exploring every curve, every dip, and every inch of her. With her nerves tingling, she can feel the fire of his touch lapping at her skin. 

She slowly moves her fingers through his thick hair. She smiles as she thinks of how the scene reminds her of a lion stalking his prey, a prey that is ever so happy to be over taken. He starts to move over her body with his mouth as well as his hands now. His mouth sears her flesh as he moves over it. His breath is hot and moist against her skin. He moves down her body kissing her abdomen, her thighs, her calves, and her ankles. He stops at her ankles and she cries out as he gently nibbles at them. Cassandra had never before known that that could feel so wonderful.

3 

Cassandra moved so she could help remove his clothing, she now ached to feel his skin bared against hers. Once she had him naked and fully exposed to her she could only stare in amazement. His body was perfection. The sight of him was enough to make any women melt with desire. At the sight of him before her she could feel her body grow tight and moist. She flushed at the feel of her thighs becoming damp with her desire for him. He moved to cover her body with his and the weight of him on top of her felt so right. 

She could feel his desire pushing hard against her. She moved her legs to allow him entry to her. He slid his hands down her thighs and placing his hands under her thighs he opened her more fully to him then, he moved to place his mouth over. She cried out with pleasure as his tong dipped in and out of her, lapping up her sweet desire for him. His tong flicking over her sensitive little nub, His mouth eagerly claiming her, taking her higher and higher, bringing her precariously close to the peak of passion. Just as she thought she could take no more he slowly released her and as she pulled back from that brink she moaned and softly sighed wanting him to continue. 

His hands moved against her replacing his mouth, his fingers moved in small circles sending tiny sparks of electricity through her body. With her body softly quacking with pleasure he moved up her body and covered her once again with his. Keeping his hand on her he stroked and played with her until she was writhing and moaning with pleasure beneath him.

He covered her lips with his capturing her breath, her cries of pleasure with his mouth. He moved his thighs to open her up to him and claimed her fully as his own. As he interred her Cassandra cried out with pure ecstasy. Within moments she felt as if she was floating high above the world in a world that held nothing and no one except the two of them. As her body began to tighten around him and shudder with the climax and release of their passion Cassandra could feel his desire and power release within her. 

4

Cassandra feels her self slowly returning to awareness and sighs with the feeling of fulfillment and at the same time she feels strangely empty and alone. Her body felling heavy and her mind fuzzy she tries to under stand the strange feeling encompassing her. She moves and feels a strange dampness covering her thighs and wetting the bed beneath her. Cassandra slowly moves her hands to feel the moisture her thighs are covered in and realizes just what it is. Slowly recalling what has happened she sighs in disbelief. She moves cautiously turning to look at the clock. She realizes she has been asleep for over an hour. Her only thought is, how she could have let this happen, she is running so late now.

She grabbed her things and ran out the door hoping to still be able to meat up with her friends. She arrived at the local club and began to search for them. As Cassandra searched the crowded club she ran into some one. As she turned to apologize to them, she froze and her lungs suddenly seemed to refuse to work and all thought of finding her friends disappeared. It was him. She knew those eyes, they where absolutely unforgettable. Cassandra thought she must be dreaming again, but no this was real, this was hear and now and she knew it. As he stepped closer to her Cassandra's body trembled with the anticipation of what was to come.