 Fantasy I had during my history class my senior year of high school. My boyfriend and I were 18 and horny as hell. Hope you enjoy it! 
-Cassandra

"God, what I wouldn't give to take him into my mouth and suck him dry," I thought as I sat in my History class looking at my boyfriend. He has the most beautiful green eyes, that enchant me. I was so horny, I was ready to put my hand in my panties and rub myself right there. I think he had the same idea, because I could see him staring at my breasts.

I tear off a little piece of paper and write, "My house, after school?" He responds with a nod, and I smile a seductive grin. That obviously excited him, because when I reached into my bag for a notebook, his cock was at attention in his pants.

I went through the rest of the day anticipating the final bell at 3PM. 

When it finally came, I rushed to my car and drove home as fast as I could. 

In a few minutes he was there. I met him at the door with a smile, and I pushed him against the wall, and began to kiss him, fast and rough. I ran my hands down his body pressing my fingers hard on his flesh. He picked me up and wrapped my legs around his waist as he carried me up the stairs.

Once we were in my room, he tossed me onto the bed, and pushed himself on top of me. He ran his hands underneath my shirt, pulling it further and further up until it was over my head, and he licked and sucked his way down my neck, making me feverish until he reached my heaving breasts. He sucked hard on my nipples using his teeth to nip just a little. All the while I was stripping him down, throwing his clothes into a pile on the other side of the room.

He began to move his head lower and lower as he licked his way to my inner thighs. He sucked and licked all around my pussy, but wouldn't touch my hot, wet slit. And then finally he plunged his tongue deep within my snatch. My juices were flowing and he licked and sucked them out with his tongue and lips. Then he ran his tongue up and down the length of my slit, and then lashed his tongue around my swollen clit. I ground my hips into his face while he ate my cunt. I bucked and bucked almost to my amazing climax, but he stopped just short. "I want to save this for later..." he said.

With that, I pushed him onto his back, and rubbed my tits around his shaft which was beaded with precum. And then I dove onto his cock, my tongue running up and down the length of it. I sucked and licked the head until his hips came up of the bed. I bobbed up and down his rod and then rammed every inch I could manage into the back of my throat. He began to pump so fast and short into my mouth that I knew it was time. I pulled my mouth off and jammed his cock deep into my pussy.

We wrapped our arms around each other and he pumped slowly in and out. 

I ground my fingers into the flesh on his back and screamed, "HARDER!" he responded, pounding every inch of his cock into me. "Oh GOD, FASTER," and we slammed flesh together, my ass meeting with his thighs, harder and harder with every pump of his cock until finally I could feel his hot cum streaming into me.....

"Cassandra!!! What was the treaty that ended the war of 1812, for the last time?!?!!"

I realized that I had been daydreaming in class. I answered the question and looked down into my notebook. A little piece of paper was sitting on it. I unfolded it and it said,

"Your house after school?"