 I was browsing in the mall one afternoon when I literally ran into a girl that I hadn't seen in a while. Her name was Cassi. I had first met her through her parents when she was only fourteen, but that was five years ago. She had always been an annoying girl who couldn't stop talking about herself. I had always been moderately polite to her despite my dislike for her. Okay, maybe not polite – more like tolerant. This day wasn't much different. As I listened to her update me on her life, I started to realize that this annoying girl had grown up into an annoying woman with a great body. She had long, curly blonde hair, a short and petite body with small but perky breasts, at least from what I could see. She wore a pair of black dress pants and a beige top which showed her tight stomach. Over that she wore a black jacket which hung open to allow me to observe those other details. She talked for what seemed like half an hour without pause, even though it was probably more like five or ten minutes. As she spoke I came to the conclusion that, despite what I thought of her as a person, I would love to get this young woman naked. The problem with this idea was that I had no desire to lead her on or make her believe I wanted to date her. I decided that the only way to accomplish that would be through a direct approach.

"Listen," I said, interrupting her, "do you want to get out of here?"

"And go where?" she asked with a smile.

"Back to my place," I replied.

"Are you saying what I think you're saying?"

"Absolutely."

"I'm not that kind of girl," she said. Strike one. She sounded like someone in a high school sex education video.

"What's wrong with two people having a bit of fun and giving each other pleasure?" I countered.

"I don't think my boyfriend would like it if I did that," she said. Ouch. Strike two.

"I'm not going to tell him," I said. "Are you?"

"No."

"Did you drive here?" I asked, not giving her a chance to say no to my proposal.

"No, I live in those apartments across the street."

"Then come with me."

She didn't protest at all as I took her by the hand and led her to my car. My house was only about a five minute drive away, but I didn't want to give her any opportunity to start yapping again, so I immediately moved my hand up her thigh and started rubbing her pussy through her pants. She responded like the slut I thought she was, reaching over and immediately undoing my pants as I pulled out of the mall parking lot. Within ten seconds she had pulled my cock out of my pants and was rubbing it as I drove us to my house.

"I want to taste it," she said. I moved my hand out of the way, taking it off her crotch, and she bent over and began sucking the tip of my cock. I had to focus in order to drive safely as Cassi gradually worked more and more of my cock into her mouth. By the time I pulled into my garage, she was sucking about half of my eight inch cock into her mouth.

As I shut off the car, Cassi sat up. I tucked my throbbing cock back into my pants and silently led her into the house. I wanted to fill this girl with my fat cock so bad that I didn't even bother to take her to the bedroom. I led her into the living room, then stopped her in the middle of the floor.

"Why don't you take off your clothes so I can see that hot little body of yours?" I sat back on the couch as she followed by directions. I pulled my cock back out and started to rub it as she dropped her jacket on the loveseat. She peeled her shirt over her head, then unhooked her bra and let it fall from her small but perfect tits. She undid her pants and pulled them down, removing her socks at the same time and leaving her wearing nothing but a pink thong that barely covered a thing. This she removed as well, revealing her pussy, freshly shaven and noticeably wet.

"Get over here and suck my cock some more," I said to her. She knelt down in front of me and took my cock into her mouth, making loud slurping noises as she sucked it. I managed to remove all of my clothing without forcing Cassi to take her mouth off of me, then I proceeded to push her head down on my cock, fucking her face. My thrusting became faster and harder, making her gag as I fucked her throat harder than anyone had ever fucked her pussy.

"Yeah, that feels good!" I said. "You're such a nasty little slut!" My comment didn't seem to phase her, although it would have been hard to tell given the fact that she couldn't do much other than gag. "Get up on the couch," I said a few minutes later. "I want to fuck that tight little pussy of yours." I had her lay down on the couch on her side, then I pushed her top leg out of the way, giving me access to her bald cunt. She cried out as I pushed my cock into her as hard as I could. I immediately began pumping into her as hard as possible, making loud slapping sounds as our bodies collided with each thrust.

"Holy shit!" she screamed. "My pussy is so wet!" I kept fucking like that for several minutes, listening to her moans get louder and louder with each passing moment. Just as she was about to cum, I pulled out.

"Get on your hands and knees," I said. She obeyed my command, sticking her ass in the air as I knelt behind her on the couch. I pointed my cock at her dripping snatch and shoved it in deep. I grabbed a handful of her hair and pounded her hard, giving her tight ass the odd slap here and there. After a few minutes I heard her building up to an orgasm, but this time I decided to let her have it.

"HOLY SHIT!" she screamed. "I'm fucking cumming! Your dick is so fucking big!"

When her orgasm died down a minute later, I pulled out and pushed the head of my cock against the entrance to her ass.

"What are you doing?" she said, pulling away but not turning around.

"I'm fucking your ass, what do you think I'm doing?"

"Be careful," she said.

I decided to be nice at first, slowly pushing my cock into her ass and easing it in inch by inch. As soon as it was fully buried in her ass, however, I began my assault on it. She moaned somewhere in the range between ecstasy and pain as I pulled back on her hair and pounded her ass.

"That feels good up your ass, doesn't it, you little whore?" I asked. Her moans were the only answer she gave. Within a few minutes, however, she was screaming out in an amazing orgasm. As she came, I decided that it was my turn to cum next. I pulled out of her ass and pushed her onto her back. I pulled her towards me so that there was room up by her head, then I knelt down on the other end of the couch.

"Open your mouth, bitch," I said as I rubbed my cock, pointing it at her face. "I'm gonna cum all over that slutty little face of yours!"

"Yes baby!" she cried. "Do it! Cum all over me! Make me your slut!" As she finished speaking she opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue just a bit.

"Get ready, you little cunt! Here it comes!" With that I shot my load all over her face, literally covering her. A couple of shots even made it as far as her tiny tits. As I finished cumming I grabbed her shirt from the floor and threw it onto her face. "Clean yourself up," I said. She got a bit mad when she realized that I had gotten cum on her shirt by throwing it on her face, but she didn't show it too much. She went into the bathroom and cleaned up as I got dressed. When she returned, I let her put her clothes on then I drove her home. We said very little to each other on the drive to her place, but when we arrived, she kissed me on the cheek.

"Give me a call sometime," she said, hading me a piece of paper with her phone number on it. "I'd love to do that again."

I haven't called her yet, but I've kept her number just in case I'm in the mood one day for a good, hard fuck.