 Cassie used two fingers to gently ease apart the slats on the Venetian blind at the window of her first floor office; she peered down to the car park beneath to watch Daniel walk from his car to the factory entrance beneath her. This had now become a daily ritual for her ever since he had started working there two months ago. She stood motionless at the window as if even the slightest sound or movement would alert him to her; she even held her breath so as not to steam up the glass when she exhaled. Cassie watched as he locked his car and started towards the building, Daniel was around 20 years old, a couple of years younger than Cassie, he had cropped mousy brown hair and a slim, athletic build. He had covered almost half of the short distance to the factory entrance when he suddenly looked up towards Cassie’s window, she remained motionless, frozen, if she made the slightest movement now he would surely know that he was being watched. Suddenly a loud voice from behind her asked, ‘See anything you like out there?’

Cassie almost jumped out of her skin and let go of the blind, it hit the window with a dull thud as she quickly spun around. If Daniel hadn’t realised that he was being watched before, he almost certainly did now. Sue, the office accountant stood in the doorway to Cassie’s small office holding 2 cups of coffee with a smirk a mile wide across he face.

‘How long have you been standing there you cow’ asked Cassie.

‘Long enough, I suppose you were watching young Daniel again’

‘Might have been’ replied Cassie in a jokey, matter-of-fact tone, ‘There’s no law against it is there?’

‘There are laws against some of the things I would do with that young man if I was a few years younger myself’ said Sue, grinning. ‘Just stop messing around and get on with it, it’s getting painful to watch you’ she added.

‘It’s not easy you know, I keep dropping hints to him that I like him, but the boy is terminally shy, he practically runs away whenever I come near him’ said Cassie.

‘I think you need to be a little less subtle with him, try to get him on his own, I know he likes you because I’ve heard the guys on the factory floor tease him about it, he just can’t pluck up the courage to ask you out, especially with those dickheads all around him’ said Sue as she set one of the coffee cups down on Cassie’s desk and left her office.

Daniel was a real fish out of water in the factory, he was totally different to all the other workers there, they were all older than him and a lot rougher and he stuck out like a sore thumb amongst them, a genuine rose amongst thorns. He was painfully shy and very quiet and he suffered for it greatly as his brash, unsubtle co-workers constantly teased him. Cassie often wondered how he managed to endure it, day-in day-out. The worst of them was the factory foreman, he could be a real bully if your face didn’t fit and unsurprisingly Daniel’s didn’t, probably something to do with the fact that Daniel was obviously quite an intelligent guy, which to his Neanderthal-like colleagues was almost a crime and the foreman, not being the most academically gifted person ever to walk the earth, obviously felt a little threatened by someone much younger and brighter than he. They would mock almost anything the poor guy said when he tried to join in their half-witted conversations around the table at break time, so most of the time Daniel elected to say nothing and spend his break times alone.

It was mid June and the factory was hotter than hell and time almost seemed to be standing still. Daniel glanced up at the clock on the wall, all morning the hands had been moving painfully slowly around the clock face. Daniel began to wonder if there was a factory somewhere else in the world that manufactured evil clocks to torment workers, clocks that only ran at half the normal speed and stopped dead whenever you looked at them, maybe by some incredibly cruel twist of fate that’s what he was helping to make now, after all, the small, nondescript metal parts that left the engineering works by the ton could be for anything.

Eventually Daniel’s idle thoughts were interrupted by the siren to signal lunch break and he made his way to the wash room as the foreman and his merry men filed past him, out of the factory in the direction of the nearest pub.

It was a beautiful day so Daniel grabbed a chair from the empty canteen and sat out in front of the factory in the sun to eat his lunch, a paperback book giving him an invaluable temporary escape from the misery of his daily drudge. After a short while an ice cream van pulled up opposite the factory as it did most days and Daniel looked up from his book to see Cassie, the only bright point to his working life, walk past him on her way to get ice creams for the office workers. On seeing Daniel she called out

‘Can I get you one Dan?’

His mouth went dry as it did every time Cassie spoke to him

‘No, I’m fine thanks’ he replied, his voice wavering slightly.

Daniel watched Cassie as she took her place in the queue for the ice cream van; she wore a thin summer dress that clung to her figure, perfectly describing her shape as the gentle summer breeze blew it against her. He continued to watch, as she paid for the ice creams and turned, now silhouetted against the sun as she started back towards him and the office. It was as if he had suddenly acquired x-ray vision as the bright sunlight went through the fabric of the dress leaving just the outline of her slim figure.

He quickly looked back down to his book as she drew closer, savouring the stolen glimpse of her before looking up to meet her gaze as she passed him, smiling. Daniel’s concentration went back to his book but moments later the office door swung open behind him and Cassie appeared with a chair of her own and placed it next to Daniel.

‘What are you reading?’ she asked

‘It’s a collection of short stories’ he replied, looking up from the book ‘mostly sci-fi’ he added, sounding slightly embarrassed.

‘Cool’ said Cassie ‘I love to read but I barely get the time these days’

Daniel watched as she sucked her Popsicle, the heat of the midday sun was already taking its toll on it as Cassie fought to keep up with the sticky rivulets that ran down it onto her hand as they chatted idly.

Daniel soon found that Cassie was very easy to talk to and his usual shyness seemed to desert him as they chatted, He learned that they had much in common and that Cassie’s uncle was the owner of the factory. Time flew past and before too long the short lunch break was over and his brain dead workmates could be seen close by, returning from the pub.

The foreman always seemed slightly disturbed to find Daniel reading, as he often did at break times so he quickly secreted the book in his overalls as they drew closer. 

‘Can you come and see me in my office after work Dan?’ asked Cassie as they gathered themselves to return inside the factory.

The foreman was within earshot now and before Dan could reply he pitched in

‘What do you want with him’ with an air of scorn in his voice.

Again, before Daniel could say anything, Cassie replied

‘Not that it’s any of your business, but I need to go over Dan’s bank details for the payroll records’

The foreman just starred, he wasn’t used to people being short with him and he didn’t know how to react, Cassie was the niece of his boss and he just wasn’t equipped with the communication skills and mental agility to form a reply to her.

‘Will that be OK with you, if Dan can spare me 10 minutes of his own time after work’ enquired Cassie; her tone was as if she was speaking to a child.

‘Yes, do what you want’ replied the foreman, clearly fazed.

‘Twat’ muttered Cassie, quietly, but loud enough for him to hear she hoped, as he walked swiftly away.

If the morning had dragged by for Daniel then the afternoon seemed practically fossilised. All afternoon the foreman had given him the crappiest and most pointless jobs his limited intelligence could devise, but Daniel took it all in his stride, replaying the exchange over and over again in his head. He couldn’t help thinking about seeing Cassie at the end of the day; his stomach tied itself in knots every time he thought about her (which was pretty much constantly that afternoon). Eventually the five O-clock siren sounded and the workforce made it’s way to the washrooms with newfound enthusiasm. Daniel quickly washed the oil and grease from his hands and made his way up to Cassie’s office, passing the other office staff on the stairs and wishing them good night as they departed for home.

Daniel tapped gently on Cassie’s office door as he slowly pushed it open. She looked up from her desk and her face lit up when she saw Daniel enter the room.

‘Hi Dan’ she said as she stood from her desk and walked around to the front of it, where he was standing.

‘Hi’ he replied ‘you need me to look at something?’

‘Yes please’ replied Cass, sitting down on the edge of the desk in front of him.

Daniel noticed that she had undone the first two buttons that ran down the length of the front of her summer dress, and as she sat speaking to him she was absently fingering the next button down as if she meant to undo it too. Cassie had positioned the portable air conditioner in the corner of the office to blow directly at the desk, Daniel couldn’t help noticing as the thin materiel of he dress was blown against her breasts, the cool air causing her nipples to stand out prominently as the material flapped against them.

‘Come closer Dan, I won’t bite’

He took a couple of steps closer to her just as footsteps could be heard climbing the office stairs.

‘No prizes for guessing who that is’ said Cassie with disdain, rolling her eyes back.

Moments later the foreman appeared in the doorway. Cassie ignored him at first as she grabbed two sheets of paper from the tray on her desk.

‘Check over all the details on these sheets please Dan, and if they are correct will you sign the bottom’ She said, smiling at Daniel before turning her attention to the Foreman.

‘Can I help you’ She enquired.

‘Are you two going to be long’ he asked in a surly tone, ‘I need to lock up’

‘I’m quite capable of doing that myself, I have my keys with me so you get yourself home’

Daniel had his back to him the whole time but he could almost fell the foreman’s gaze cutting into him as he glared at them both from the doorway. The air conditioner cut out with a throaty rattle, emphasising the silent pause all the more. After what seemed like forever the foreman gave a resigned grunt, turned on his heel and stomped back down the stairs, mumbling to himself all the way to the bottom.

Cassie went to the window and watched him get in his car and pull away with an angry screech of his tyres, leaving them alone in the factory. Daniel continued to study the paperwork in front of him, naively wondering why there seemed to be nothing relevant to him on it, they were just a couple of old sales reports. Cassie walked from the window and perched herself on the desk alongside Daniel, as he looked up at her she pulled the paperwork away from him and returned it to the tray.

‘That wasn’t what I wanted you to see’ she whispered.

Daniel took a step back from the desk and looked at Cassie, she began to slowly undo the remaining buttons on the front of the dress, one by one, all the time maintaining eye contact with Daniel. When the last button was undone Daniel stepped forwards and slipped his hands inside the thin fabric, parting it so that it slid silently from her shoulders as their lips met. Cassie’s tongue probed Daniels mouth as they kissed hungrily, she slipped her arms from the short sleeves of the dress and placed a hand on the back of his head, giving a muffled moan of pleasure as his hands found her bare breasts. Daniel felt Cassie’s skin turn to gooseflesh as he gently squeezed and stroked, he could feel her nipples harden against his palms. Cassie broke off the kiss and leaned back on her elbows, pushing Daniel’s head downwards until his lips found her rosy pink nipples, she moaned and shuddered in ecstasy as Daniel sucked and nibbled each one in turn, he would tease her by slowly circling the bumpy areola then lightly flick each nipple with the tip of his tongue, it soon became too much, she didn’t want to come like this so she reluctantly pushed him away. Cassie then reached forwards, grabbed the bottom of Daniels T-shirt and pulled it up over his head, his arms dropped back to his sides and he stood for a second or two taking in the sight of her body, he could see his oily black finger marks all around her small but firm breasts, they glistened with his saliva and he could see where it ran down her chest and tummy in little rivulets. She was now almost naked, the dress was spread out flat beneath her on the desk and all she had left on was a tiny pair of white panties. Daniel reached forward and placed a hand on each of her thighs and hooked his thumbs under the gossamer thin sides of her briefs and began to slowly pull them down. Cassie lifted herself up slightly as they slid from her, revealing a small tousle of wispy blond hair above her shaven pussy. Cassie sat up and began to undo Daniels belt, she could see his hardness pressing against his trousers as she slowly unbuttoned him. She let the jeans drop to the floor and pulled down his boxers, allowing his stiff cock to spring free. She took his hard cock in her hand, gripping it softly she pulled him towards her, spreading her legs in anticipation as his hands slid down behind her and pulled her to the edge of the desk. Cassie desperately wanted to see his thick, hard cock slide inside her pussy but she withheld the urge to push it inside her, instead she gripped it with her slender fingers and held it so that the tip of his cock was pressed into the soft flesh of her pussy lips and she began to stroke it, moving it around in a circular motion so that it rubbed against the fleshy nub of her clitoris. Daniel enjoyed the warm, wet sensation on the tip of his cock as Cassie pressed it against her; she went slowly at first gradually building up speed and applying more pressure. It was becoming too much for Daniel and it took all he had to stop himself coming and he had to steal himself away from the delicious sight of Cassie pleasuring herself with his stiff prick. He could see now that she was flushed all over and a thin sheen of perspiration glistened on her naked body, he enjoyed watching the expressions on her face and the little grunting and moaning noises she was making, completely lost in ecstasy as she ground his cock against her clit. His pre-cum and her own juices had made it slick and he could hear a wet slurping sound as she moved the head of his prick around and around against her slippery clit. Eventually he could hold back no more and cried out, Cassie felt his cock twitch as his hot come gushed out, they both looked down to see it spurt out against her engorged pussy lips, a second wave shot forth against Cassie’s tummy, oozing down into the tangle of her pubic hair.

They both remained silent for a while, Daniel rested his head against Cassie’s shoulder, her hand kept wrapped around his cock while it’s twitching and pumping gradually subsided. Eventually he lifted his head and placed a kiss on Cassie’s forehead, she looked up at him and smiled gently before softly kissing his lips.

Cassie stood up from the desk and wheeled her chair around to where Daniel stood and gestured to him to sit down. She kneeled down in front of him and removed the rest of his clothing from where it was tangled at the bottom of his legs and turned her attention to his now semi hard cock. Cassie softly gripped him in her right hand and bent forward, putting it to her lips. She began to slowly circle the end of his cock with her tongue, enjoying the taste of herself as well as his seed. Daniel moaned with pleasure and she could feel him getting harder again in her mouth as she bobbed her head up and down, gradually taking in more and more of him. Her free found its way down to the folds of her pussy, she could feel his cum on her belly and matted in her pubic hair, but most of it had ended up on her pussy lips making it feel slick and slippery as she pressed a finger tip to her clitoris, moving it around in circles. 

Cassie would have been happy to continue until Daniel came in her mouth, but this time she wanted him inside her, She was close to coming again so she moved her other hand away from her clit and placed it in Daniel’s lap as she continued sucking his now fully hard cock. Daniel reached down and took her hand, raised it to his mouth and sucked her fingers. Cassie stopped sucking him, pulled away from him and standing, she took two steps towards the desk. Daniel followed and as he neared Cassie she turned her back to him, resting her hands on the edge of the desk with her legs slightly apart. He came up behind her and began to kiss the back of her neck, his hard cock resting in the cleft of her buttocks as he reached around and took her breasts in his hands.

Cassie leaned forwards until Daniel could no longer reach her breasts, she swept everything from the surface of the desk with one swift motion and lay forward on it, her breasts pressed against it’s cool surface, her arms stretched out across the desk gripping the far edge.

‘Fuck me hard Dan’

He needed no further prompting; Cassie purred as he slid his hard cock into her wet pussy, he gripped her buttocks tightly as he rhythmically thrust it into her.

‘Harder’ Cassie cried out.

Daniel began to thrust harder and harder, the desk shaking with his efforts, he worried that he might be hurting Cassie but she screamed for him to go faster still, until eventually he felt her start to shudder and the slippery walls of her pussy spasm and constrict around is cock as he too came, her whole body was wracked by a powerful orgasm as he pumped her full of his hot semen.

Daniel watched Cassie as he slowly dressed, she had barely moved, still laying across her desk, her hair was matted and sweaty, stuck to her forehead. Her skin was flushed red and she had a big stupid grin on her face. Daniel walked around to her side of the desk and placed a kiss on her forehead and quietly slipped out of the office.