 I had been working as an administrative assistant for Camelot Construction going on about two years at this point. The job wasn't an especially difficult one, but it did have its trying moments; being leered at by less desirable construction workers was one of them. Now don't get me wrong, they weren't all bad looking, and sometimes I got quite worked up knowing that they would've happily fucked me if I gave them the chance, but I still never really liked to be ogled. To cope with this, I dressed conservatively. No cleavage (not that this mattered much, since my large, pert breasts attracted attention anyway), no tight fitting clothing, and I maintained a relatively brusque manner that I hoped would indicate that I wouldn't put up with any shit. 

None of these things really seemed to discourage the looks I got or the crude comments I overheard when they thought I was out of earshot. Things like "Did you see those jeans she had on today? I'd like to bend her over and get a piece of that hot, young ass!" and "I bet she sucks good dick! I'd make her swallow my whole load!" Little did they know that I did, in fact, give great head- I loved a hard cock in my mouth- but if they knew that it would only fuel their fire. I generally just pretended I was completely ignorant of all of it and focused on my work.

The only one who showed no interest in me, other than on a completely professional level was my manager, Mr. Decker. I never caught him looking at my tits or ass like all the other guys did, which was probably why he intrigued me so much. He was a good looking man in his early 40's, about 16 years my senior, with dark, wavy hair, just starting to lightly streak through with gray, and dark eyes. He was well-built with strong arms, a bit on the short side for a man, but he still seemed to dwarf someone as petite as me. And he was the moodiest man I've ever met. I think this was partly because of the recent separation he was going through, but I couldn't help but think that most of it was just his personality. Some days he was quiet and pleasant, other days he stalked around the job site, scowling at anyone and everyone he came across. The worst were the days he was the most irritable and he drove around the site, barking orders and making everyone else just as miserable as he was. Today had been one of those days. 

I had been trying to make myself scarce all day. I just wanted to get through the day, punch the clock, and head home. Unfortunately, just as I was finishing up and shutting everything down, a set of blueprints that we had been waiting for for a few days was delivered. I groaned inwardly. I knew what was coming next. 

"Cassie," Mr. Decker growled, "I'm going to need you to stay late to review these with me. We need to submit any changes immediately so this project isn't delayed any further."

"Fuuuuuccckk meeee!" I thought. Normally I wouldn't mind staying late with this sexy man, but he had been in a shitty mood all day and the last thing I wanted was one on one time with him! 

"Sure thing, Mr. Decker!" I said aloud as I glanced longingly out the window at everyone piling in their vehicles and heading home for the day. 

I grabbed the tube of blueprints and a notepad and pen and brought everything over to the conference table. Mr. Decker came over as I rolled the prints out and we leaned over the table as he began discussing the changes that might need to be made. I was jotting everything down on my notepad, when I noticed he had gone silent. I waited a second for him to continue, but when he still hadn't said anything, I looked up. What I saw made my jaw drop slightly. He was staring at me, hungrily, with eyes that seemed much darker than usual. I had never seen that look on a man's face before, like he was going to devour me at any second. I inhaled sharply at the sight and that small noise, that tiny gasp of air, was all it took. He was on me in a heartbeat, his mouth covering mine, hard and lustful. 

Caught completely off guard, and frankly, incredibly turned on, I returned the kiss with similar fervor. I parted my lips and out tongues met, sparking something electric in me and weakening my knees. His large hand grasped my rib cage, his thumb directly below my left breast, thick fingers curling into my back. I could feel the need emanating from his body and at that moment, I wanted to do everything in my power to satisfy it. My panties were soaked. 

He pulling his lips from mine. "Get on your knees!" he commanded. 

I dropped to the floor and looked up at him expectantly. He undid his fly and pulled out his cock. It was huge. It wasn't the length that was impressive, even though it certainly wasn't lacking in that department, but it was definitely the thickest cock I had ever seen. My face must've given away the shock I was feeling because when I looked up at him, he was grinning sardonically.

"What's the matter, Cassie?" he asked mockingly, "Is this bigger than all the little boys you're used to fucking around with?

I looked him defiantly in the eye, opened my mouth wide and stuck my tongue out. I wasn't going to let him intimidate me. 

He slapped the head of his cock on my tongue, but when I went to close my lips around it, he withdrew.

"Good girl, now take your shirt off."

I obligingly pulled my shirt over my head, my tits practically spilling over the top of my bra because of the way my chest was heaving with anticipation. I reached out and took his cock in my hand, impressed by the weight of it. I wasn't sure how I was going to fit this thing in my mouth, but I knew one thing for sure, I was going to try! 

I started slowly, licking my lips and sucking just the head of it, stroking the sensitive underside with my tongue. I heard him groan. Encouraged, I ran my tongue on the underside from base to tip, trying to lube it with as much of my saliva as possible. When I got back to the tip, I engulfed him, swallowing him as much as I possibly could. I felt him hit the back of my throat and I knew he was too thick to go any farther. I pulled back and went at him again, using my hand as a continuation of my mouth, even though my small hand wasn't even close to encircling his massive girth. On and on I went, sucking and pumping him with my fist like my life depended on it. I wanted it farther. I wanted more. He started thrusting into my mouth and with every thrust I tried to take him deeper. 

"Ohhh you're a good little cocksucker aren't you?" he mumbled, "Relax and inhale."

I did and he slid in farther, down my throat slightly. I couldn't breathe- he was blocking my airway! I panicked and tried to pull off. He grasped the back of my head. 

"You aren't getting off that easily. You wanted this so you're going to take it! Breathe through your nose." he commanded.

I exhaled and then inhaled a deep breath through my nostrils; with the air I took, I also smelled the muskiness of his manhood. It drove me on. I inhaled again and focused on opening my throat more. He pushed in farther. His pubic hair touched the tip of my nose. I was almost there. Suddenly I felt his hand on the top of my breast, he pulled my bra down and rolled my nipple between his fingers. A tingling feeling shot straight to my pussy. I moaned as much as I could around his cock. I inhaled again and took all of him. 

"Holy shit!" he whispered hoarsely. 

We stayed that way for a second, him buried to the hilt in my throat, my hands gripping the sides of his naked hips, his hand still tightly grasping the hair on the back of my head. Then slowly he began thrusting in short deliberate thrusts. 

"Oh yeahhhh!" he groaned, "Do you like that fat cock in your mouth? I bet you do, you little slut!"

To show him that I was indeed thoroughly enjoying what he was doing, I pulled his hips towards me, plunging his cock down my throat hard. He grunted and started fucking my face in earnest. 

My throat was sore, my lips were stretched to capacity, and tears were running down my face. I had never been more turned on in my life! I wanted to make this man cum in the worst way. I didn't care where he did it, I just knew I wanted to be the one to make it happen. 

But then all of a sudden he was pulling out! I squealed in protest, lunging at his cock and beginning the sucking/pumping combination I had been doing previously. Grasping his cock in one hand, he pulled me off of it by my hair with the other. 

"You're an eager little cocksucker aren't you?" he said, chuckling as he rubbed the tip of his cock across my now swollen lips. "Well it's time to see what other surprises you have in store for me! Take off your bra."

I reached a hand behind me, undid the clasp, pulled the straps off of my shoulders, and let it fall to the floor. I had always been pretty proud of my breasts, they were full D-cups, firm and perky with prominent pink nipples. I squeezed them together and rolled my nipples in my fingertips. 

"Those are beautiful." he murmured almost imperceptibly.

"Thank you." I replied huskily, my voice hoarse from deepthroating his cock. 

He pulled me to standing position by my hair and let it go. His hands were immediately on my tits. He cupped them, pushing them up and bent down to flick one of my nipples with his tongue. This sent a shiver down my spine. He took the whole thing in his mouth, sucking hard and rolling it roughly between his teeth. I gasped, then tilted my head back and moaned. I ran my fingers through his hair as alternated between nipples, sucking and nibbling on them.

"Ohhhhhh," I moaned, "fuck me! Please! I want you so bad right now!"

He pulled off my nipple with a slight pop and looked at me devilishly. "Take your pants off." he growled.

I turned around, unzipped my pants and looked over my shoulder seductively at him as I shimmied out of them, bending at the waist so he could get a good look at my supple ass. Then I started slowly sliding my thong down, giving him his first glimpse of my shaved pussy, slick with my own juices. 

With my thong around my calves and my legs shoulder-width apart, I leaned on the table with one of my forearms and slid my other hand between my legs. I slowly started circling my clit with my fingertips, gently at first, then gradually harder. I moaned and inserted my two middle fingers as deeply as I could into my wet pussy. I plunged them into myself over and over, crying out loudly in ecstasy. 

My orgasm was building quickly. Between the stimulation and the fact that he was watching me, I knew I was very close to cumming. I couldn't see him, but I was picturing him standing behind me, stroking that enormous cock of his. Then, suddenly, he was right behind me! He pulled my hand away from my pussy. I whimpered in frustration and disappointment. 

"Please?" I begged. 

"You really are something," he sounded amazed, "but if you're going to cum, it's going to be because of me."

I exhaled a sigh of relief. He was finally going to fuck me! He spun me around and I noticed he had taken off the rest of his clothing. He had a thin coat of coarse, black chest hair across his strong, wide pecs and a thin line of hair running down the center of his stomach to his pubic region. With his thick, manly thighs and well developed calves, he was the epitome of masculinity; I had never wanted a man more. 

"Slide your ass onto the table." he ordered me. 

I complied and leaned back, expecting penetration. Instead, I watched him bury his face between my thighs and felt his hot, wet tongue, urgently lapping at my clit. 

"Oh my God!" I groaned. 

I laid back on the table, sliding my feet outward so my legs were spread wide open, giving him full access. He latched onto my clit, sucking on it and flicking it with his tongue. He started sliding one of his thick fingers into my waiting pussy.

"Fuck! You're so fucking tight!" he exclaimed.

I mumbled something incoherent in response, lost in the moment of having something in my pussy besides my own fingers. He worked my clit with his mouth, flicking sucking, and nibbling, while he pumped his finger in and out of my pussy. He began slowly at first, then increased speed until he was slamming his thick digit into my dripping pussy. I writhed on the table, moaning and rolling my nipples between my fingertips. 

"I'm gonna cum!" I cried out. 

He pulled his finger out of me. At that moment, I fucking hated him. I went to sit up, I was going to hit him, scream at him, anything! But his strong hand forced me back down. 

Before I could say anything, I felt his tongue flick across the entrance of my pussy. The feeling gave me goosebumps. He lapped at my juices, then with a stiff tongue, he penetrated me. His tongue twisted and wriggled inside of me. I was in ecstasy. To keep me from bucking too wildly, he pressed one of his hands on my belly, using his thumb to stimulate my clit. My jaw clenched, my eyes squeezed shut. This was it. I was going to explode. 

All of a sudden, I felt unexpected pressure on my virgin asshole! He using one of his large fingers to slowly enter it! I tried to protest, but all managed was a pathetic whimper. I was too far gone to care. He ground his thumb hard and fast on my clit, as he gradually slid the length of his finger into my ass. 

At that moment, a huge orgasm wracked my body. I shuddered and shook. I could hear someone in the distance making alarming animal-like sounds, then vaguely recognized it as my own voice. I don't know how long this went on for, but when it ended, I was spent. 

"Holy fuck!" I whispered, not even entirely sure I said the words out loud. 

He lifted his head from between my legs, grinning wickedly, his finger still embedded in my ass. Now I could feel how uncomfortable it was, but I was too drained to do anything about it. I could feel the wetness from my pussy trickling down my ass crack. He slowly slid his finger out and when it was gone, I found that I almost missed the sensation. 

Then I felt the tip of his huge cock at the entrance of my pussy. All of a sudden I was nervous. He was so much bigger than anyone that I had been with before. Then I recalled sucking his cock, the enormity of him filling my throat and stretching my lips. I recalled how intense and arousing it had been. I was ready for him to fill me again. 

He began to enter me, got about halfway and had to pull out and start again. Even as wet as I was, he was having trouble because of his size. 

"Fucking Christ, this is a tight little cunt!" he growled. 

After three or four more strokes, he was completely in. I was afraid to move. He felt like he was splitting me in half. He started moving in short, gentle strokes, trying not to hurt me. 

"You need to relax," he said, once again using his thumb to stimulate my clit, "or this isn't going to be enjoyable for either of us."

I let out the breath I didn't even know I was holding and closed my eyes, focusing on what he was doing to my clit. I began to relax and he began to take longer strokes. The more strokes he took, the easier it got and the more I began to enjoy it. 

"Atta girl," he murmured, "just lay back and enjoy this big dick in that hot little pussy."

With that, he thrust into me with a little more force. I cried out, but it wasn't out of pain. He did it again. I moaned, my chest heaving. Soon his cock was pistoning in and out of me. He lifted my legs to his shoulders. I reached down and held onto the edge of the table to brace myself, my tits bouncing with each thrust. 

"Oh fuck yeah! You like that big cock, Cassie? Tell me you like it!" he bellowed. 

"God yeah, Mr. Decker! Give me that big cock! I want it all! Fuck my tight little pussy until you cum!" I screamed.

"You fucking take it, you little slut!" he roared, slamming into me harder. 

"Ohhhh fuck me hard, Mr. Decker! I wanna cum all over your big fat dick!" I whined. 

He grabbed my legs by the ankles, spreading them wide. I reached down with one hand and rubbed my clit. I was so close to cumming again. He was thrusting deep inside me and I could feel him getting harder. He was close too. 

Feeling the effect that I was having on him pushed me over the edge. I released an inhuman scream and dug my fingers into his hips, pulling him into me as hard and deep as possible. I could feel my pussy spasm around his thick cock and he obviously felt it too because he pulled out of me and spurted hot cum all over my tits and stomach. 

"Fucking shit!" he groaned as he staggered backwards. 

My legs felt like jello and I couldn't breathe. My pussy was sore and I was covered in cum. I was happy. 

It was quiet for a few minutes and I must've drifted off because the next thing I remembered was feeling something gently rubbing my stomach. I looked down and Mr. Decker had grabbed a towel from the breakroom and was cleaning the cum off of me. 

"Come on, Cassie," he said softly, "it's time to get going."

I slid off the table and redressed, stuffing my bra and panties into my purse. I was had a hand on the door knob, ready to leave, when I stopped and looked at him over my shoulder. 

"Mr. Decker," I purred, "Any time you need me to stay late again, just say the word!" Then I walked out the door to my car.