 Author's notes: This is the follow up to "The Subway" but I included part 1 again with this piece due to the glaring errors of my first submission. I am on my knees to all my military readers I offended. Please enjoy. 

*

A major traffic jam had forced Dr. Ryan to take the subway to the museum. Looking at the map while she waited, Cassandra grumbled, realizing it was going to be a long ride. She hated the D. C. metro system.

The tram pulled up and she entered with the rest of the crowd. She stepped to the left, near the back, hoping no one would bother her. A group of men in fatigues jumped on at the last minute, surrounding her as the car pulled away.

At least I have a nice view now, Cassie thought, smiling at a few of the men who nodded to her. Her stomach dropped when she looked up at the last soldier.

A wall of muscles with high ranking sergeants' stripes caught her gaze as he approached. Cassandra held her breath when she felt his large hand go to her waist.

"Excuse me." He said quietly in a deep voice. His hand gently moved across her stomach as he passed, sending a thrill through her entire body. 

Dr. Ryan closed her eyes and faced forward. She had a weakness for men in uniform, and the man behind her was the paradigm of her fantasies. She imagined him turning her around, pressing her back against the car wall and ravaging her in front of all the passengers.

The car lurched, slamming her back into reality and against the well built soldier. Cassandra turned her head to apologize and found her face only inches from his. Steel blue eyes looked down at her, rendering Dr. Ryan speechless. She could only give a weak smile and turn away.

The second time the subway jolted, the Sergeants' hands went to her hips to steady her. She was pleased when he didn't remove them immediately, and gasped when she felt one of his knees press between her thighs.

Slowly, he opened her legs wider and wider. Trapped by his men, she couldn't move, but Cassandra wasn't sure she wanted to, the fantasy of him taking her right here and now was too enticing.

Looking ahead, she saw that she was blocked from most of the other rider's view. She jumped when one of his large hands slid up her inner thigh. He stroked her through her lace panties. The feel of the rough fabric and the stranger's touch excited her. 

The Sergeant did not stop when the tram came to the next station. He continued caressing her as people exited and entered. Cassie tried hard to be silent, but reluctantly emitted little moans as his strong fingers worked her.

A few patrons tried to push their way past the soldiers but the wall of military men around her held strong, barring anyone from passing by.

The handsome soldier's index and middle fingers lightly rubbed her now soaked slit. Dr. Ryan gripped the solid arm around her waist with both hands, her breathing labored. She cried out softly when he gently pinched the hard bud of her womanhood.

"Shhhh..." he hushed in her ear, "you'll draw attention."

His hand moved faster despite his warning. As the car pulled away, he pushed her panties aside and inserted two fingers up inside of her. Cassandra inhaled sharply, biting her lower lip trying to keep quiet.

A cry of disappointment escaped her lips when he suddenly abandoned her. For a moment, her mind whirled. The loss of his touch was almost painful. Cassie found it hard to breathe until she felt him close again, dragging her skirt up behind her. Firmly, he pulled her hips back to him, rubbing the head of his free cock against her center.

Red faced with shame and excitement, Cassie wiggled against her living fantasy, encouraging him inside of her.

Securing one arm around her middle, the other came up between her breasts, resting on her throat. The mysterious soldier pushed his way past her tight walls.

Cassandra couldn't help but whimper as he pleasantly stretched her insides with forceful strokes. Once again, her eyes darted around the tramcar, certain everyone knew what was happening, but to her relief no one looked their way, not even the nearest soldiers.

The Sergeant's men were tall, blocking most of the view of their shameless act. Dr. Ryan closed her eyes as she eased into his rhythm.

Her entire body jerked when deft fingers slid down her front, gently massaging the inflamed bud until she thought she'd scream. His hot breath tickled her neck as he quietly grunted in her ear, his pace quickening faster and faster.

She nearly collapsed when her orgasm hit, but the strong Sergeant held fast, pounding out the beginnings of his release. She gently bit the hand that now covered her mouth as his hot fluid filled her.

The announcement of her station awakened Cassie from her daze. Dr. Ryan was still trembling when she felt his grip loosen and his hands slid down her body to help straighten her now rumpled clothes.

"We wouldn't want our museum curator to look like she's been ravished now do we?" He asked playfully in her ear still holding on to her.

Cassandra whipped around in shock and confusion. How did he know her title?

Before she could think to ask, the tram doors flew open allowing the barricade of soldiers to start filing out, as if on cue. The Sergeant placed a soft kiss on the back of her neck and winked as he left the transit car.

"Hurry, you wouldn't want to be late for work." He gave a knowing smile as the doors closed again, trapping a bewildered Dr. Ryan inside. 

Part 2

Completely frazzled, Dr Cassandra Ryan arrived 45 minutes late to work. Sneaking through the Museums' shipping entrance, she stealthily made her way to her office. The assault on the subway still fresh on her mind.

Assault? Could she call it that? In no way did she resist the uniformed stranger. 

Stunned, Cassie didn't move from her desk until a colleague came to retrieve her for an exhibit meeting.

She walked alongside Tom, feeling as if all eyes were on her. Everyone knows, she thought. They can see it written all over me, they can see where he touched me.

Cassandra wasn't even listening as Dr. Stolz named off the gentlemen arriving from Fort McNair. They ascended the stairs on to the crowded main floor. Normally, she would stop and talk to the groups of school children that visited, but today she felt so dirty she kept walking.

The pair made their way to a restricted section for the upcoming antique military weapons exhibit. When Dr. Ryan glanced up, all she saw was army fatigues standing around. Her mind flashed to earlier and her step faltered.

"You ok, Cass?" Tom asked looking concerned. "You don't look so good."

Cassie slowed her step, trying to come up with a quick excuse to leave....it was them. He was here! Her stomach lurched.

Turning to Dr. Stolz, she muttered, "I forgot, I need to..."

"Dr. Ryan, Dr. Stolz. We're going to walk thru the space first before going down to storage." Another curator called to them, halting her escape.

The men in uniform turned her way. Cassie thought she would faint if they met face to face here in public. But to her surprised disappointment, the blue eyes she sought were not in this group.

Trying to recover, she greeted the men and her fellow peers before focusing on the upcoming project.

Back in her office, Cassandra stared at the wall trying to process today's events. The intercom broke her reverie.

"Dr. Ryan, Master Sergeant Hummel is here to see you."

"Send him down." She replied absently. He must be one the men from the meeting. Several tried chatting with her afterword but she couldn't be bothered. Not today.

A sharp knock made her stand but before she reach the door, it swung open revealing her hulking assailant from the subway.

Cassie froze, yet he didn't seemed surprised. In fact, he almost leered as he looked her up and down, closing the door behind him. She swore she heard the click of the lock, but couldn't see past his big frame.

"Miss me?" The Master Sergeant asked playfully.

His cockiness broke her trance. She narrowed her eyes, taking a step back.

He advanced.

Cassandra was unable to speak. Time slowed as he approached her.

"Have you been thinking about me?"

Cassie looked down, not wanting him to know the truth.

"I haven't been able to concentrate all morning." He confessed, hooking a finger under her chin forcing her to look up. 

Soft lips descended upon hers, stealing her breath and any thoughts of resisting him. Their first kiss, despite the morning's events.

She moaned as he slowly walked her back against the wall, his mouth never leaving hers.

Breaking for air, Cassie ran her hands up his chest and over his shoulders, sliding his jacket off. Reason began to fade as she took in his scent, needing to feel him against her. She went to lift his shirt but he stopped her, shaking his head no.

His hands began unbuttoning her top while her brain screamed at her to be sensible and stop this perverseness. He let her blouse fall to the floor, her skirt followed.

She now stood before him in only lingerie and heels with her eyes downcast.

"Look at me." He ordered in a husky voice.

He stepped closer, closing the gap between them, running his warm hands up and down her body. His hands then came up her back and unclasped her bra. Cassie stiffened when he discarded it to the floor and then began sliding her panties down her legs.

"Leave the shoes on." He told her as he kissed his way up her thigh. He teased, licking her between her legs lightly then started up her stomach. Cassie jerked she felt his tongue brush her center, his short hair tickled her thighs.

She tried to free herself, but he held her firmly against the wall. Standing to his full height, Master Sergeant Hummel wrapped her toned legs around his waist , raising her up so he could capture a breast with his mouth easily. 

With just a few long strides he carried her to desk, making a trail of kisses up to her neck as he did so. He cleared it of all her belongings with one swift stroke of his arm. Gently, he laid her down on its cold surface and stood between her thighs.

Once again, she was exposed and at his mercy. Slowly he ran his hands up her sides and down her body. He then leaned on the desk and over her, running his tongue in lazy circles around her navel while he freed himself. 

Cassie squirmed and tried to raise up but he prevented her by holding her legs wide and thrusting himself deep inside of her. He held still for a moment, grazing his lips along her throat up to her mouth. 

He then began moving gently in and out of her. One hand slid up her stomach, capturing and squeezing a soft breast. She moaned with pleasure as he gently caressed one then the other. 

Her body jerked when he pinched her nipples, but she wrapped her legs around him tightly, wanting more.

"Do you like that?" He asked trapping her naked body beneath him. The rough feel of his clothes exciting her more. 

Cassie turned her head, it was difficult to hold his intense gaze.

"Answer me." He commanded, turning her face back to his. 

She timidly looked up at him, replying, "Yes, Master Sergeant."

He paused seeming surprised by her response. Hummel reached above her head, gripping the edge of the desk with both hands. He lowered his mouth to hers, growling against her lips. Unable to hold out any longer, the Sergeant began thrusting with long, deep strokes.

His pace quickly became harder and faster, making it difficult for Cassie to remain quiet. Her cries would surely be heard by anyone passing by her door. The desk shook with the force of his strokes, she raised her hips to match his pace. 

Cassandra arched her back, lifting them both as her orgasm hit. He wrapped his arms around her shoulders, keeping her close as he came, burying his face in her neck. 

They collapsed back onto her desk, Hummel making sure to keep his weight off her. He kissed her then rose, helping her stand as well. Gallantly, he draped his jacket over her shoulders and sat her in the oversized chair. 

Her eyes followed him as he composed himself then brought her clothes to her. He leaned over, cupping her face with one big hand, kissed her breathless then whispered, "I will be back for my jacket tonight."

A spent Dr. Ryan could only watch as he unlocked the door and left her sitting naked with only his coat covering her. A mix of excitement and fear nearly overwhelmed her as she wondered when he would return for his jacket... and how he would take it from her.