 As I drank my morning coffee, ready to head for the office, I looked out the window at my back yard, not knowing what to do about the tall grass, the bushes growing out of control. When I bought this house back in January, I somehow imagined I'd never have to deal with these things that were completely out of my experience. But now that it was July, I was in over my head.

I should back up a little. My name is Cassie, and I'm a 26-year-old single professional - an accountant, to be exact. I had moved from my parents' condo in the city, to my dorm at college, to an apartment during grad school, directly into this perfect little house in the suburbs. It was a great investment, and a nice quiet getaway from the hustle and bustle of my downtown office, but I had absolutely no experience with taking care of a house.

Luckily, everything inside had been updated by the previous owners, so it would likely be years before any work would need to be done. Unfortunately, though, the grass and trees weren't being so cooperative - they were expecting attention, even though I didn't have a clue. Oh, and did I mention that I didn't own even a pair of pruning shears, not to mention a lawnmower? And, just to top it all off, neighbors who expected things to be well tended? I would have to deal with this one way or another, couldn't just let it slide.

A thump on the front porch interrupted my train of thought - the newspaper had arrived. Oh, wait, hadn't I seen that same young man working on lawns in the neighborhood?

"Hey, um, Josh, isn't it?"

"Yup, that's me," replied the recent high school grad, turning around and walking back towards my door.

"I didn't realize you were delivering papers now, too - haven't I seen you mowing lawns for some of my neighbors?"

"Yeah, I've been doing that for years now. The paper delivery thing is just for this summer, I'm trying to put some extra money in the bank before heading off for college in the fall."

"So, um, any chance I could hire you to work on my place? I'm desperate - I know it's in bad shape, but I work long hours in the city, not to mention I'm clueless about lawn care!"

"Yeah, sure, happy to. I should have time to get over here within the next couple of days - how's tomorrow?"

"Yeah, that's great. And you have your own mower and stuff? I'm afraid I don't have anything. This is my first house, I haven't had time to get around to that yet."

"Hey, no problem - I'll take care of everything. So, I'll be back here tomorrow, say, just after noon?"

It was a huge relief, as I headed off for that Friday at work, knowing that this confident young man would be taking care of my lawn the following day. I realized after I got to my office that I hadn't asked him how much he would charge, but figured I didn't need to worry, since I'd seen him do work regularly for several other neighbors.

The next day, he arrived in early afternoon just as promised, pulling up in a pickup filled with lawn equipment just as I was finishing up my lunch. "Hi Josh, I'll just be inside, let me know if you need anything."

"Will do, Cassie," he said, pulling on his earphones and starting up a gas-powered edger. I picked up a book to read, but couldn't get past the first few pages before I started feeling guilty, a perfectly able-bodied young woman incapable of mowing her own lawn after a fairly pampered upbringing. I found myself watching Josh through the window, as he effortlessly moved from one piece of equipment to another, clipping, trimming, edging, mowing.

It was a very hot afternoon, and before long Josh's shirt clung to his skin, damp with sweat. That was easily remedied, as he stopped the mower long enough to pull the shirt up and over his head, tossing it into the back of his truck. I couldn't help but notice that he was an impressively fit young man, about 6'2", with dark hair and tanned skin from all his work outdoors.

I caught myself daydreaming about his body, and realized, suddenly again the responsible adult, that he was probably thirsty, working outside with the hot summer sun directly overhead. I went to the fridge, and finding nothing to drink but juice and white wine, instead poured a big glass of water with ice and took it outside to him.

I stood on the porch until he noticed me, turned off the mower, and walked over with a smile. "Hey, thanks, that's just what I needed!"

I was sure he caught me watching him as he gulped down the cool water. When his blue eyes met mine, I blushed, quickly trying to play it off as a response to the heat as I pretended to fan myself with my hand. 

"Thanks again, Cassie. Well, I'll get back to work. I should be done in about another half hour." And now I was equally sure that he was checking me out as well, his eyes focusing on my chest rather than my face as he spoke.

"OK, well, I'll just go back inside, you let me know if you need anything!"

Once back inside, I had to pinch myself. This was the first time I'd ever hired someone to do work for me, and I felt guilty. I knew I'd be paying him for his time, but somehow that didn't seem like enough. And here I was, seeing him as an object, daydreaming about the beads of sweat glistening on his skin!

Oh well, I would try to distract myself, move on with my afternoon. I turned on the radio, sat down on the couch with my book, and put my bare feet up on the coffee table. My sundress fell away from my legs as I stretched them out in front of me, leaving my long legs pleasantly bare. The fabric clung to my chest, tightening around my 36C breasts with each breath, as I again became bored with my book and decided it would function better as a fan than as literature.

I must have dozed off, as the next thing I remember was Josh standing over me, gently tapping my shoulder to wake me. My eyes met his, and again I flushed with embarrassment, this time at being caught asleep in the mid-afternoon heat, after he'd been working so hard for the past few hours. I flushed redder as I stood up, my eyes briefly falling to his crotch, where I noticed a distinct bulge in his shorts.

How long had he been standing there, watching me? Was he daydreaming about me, just as I had been about him, or was this all just in my imagination? I decided the best thing to do was to quickly bring things to a professional level. "So, Josh, what do I owe you?"

He quoted me what I thought was an extremely fair rate, and I grabbed my purse to count out the cash for him. "Anything else I can do for you before you go? More water? I'm sorry I don't have anything more interesting to offer you to drink - I'll have to get something else in the fridge before the next time you come back!"

Laughing, he replied, "No, that's OK, Cassie. But I do have one favor to ask if you don't mind. Could I possibly use your shower?"

Suppressing the image of this young man naked in my shower long enough to answer, I said, "Sure, help yourself."

"I wouldn't normally ask, it's just that I need to drive straight from here to meet some friends, and I sweat like crazy in this heat today!"

"No worries, really, go ahead, it's down the hallway there, first door on the left."

As soon as that door closed, I quickly followed down the hallway, listening at the door as he stripped, turned on the water, and stepped into the shower. As soon as I heard the sound of the shower door closing, I quietly opened the bathroom door enough to give me a clear view, his body only slightly fuzzy behind the steamy glass.

At first, I was just admiring his athletic body as he soaped it up. But before long, it was obvious that his hands were returning again and again to his cock, which was growing. Soon, I could hear him moaning gently, and then strained to listen as he began talking quietly to himself, "Oh, yes, Cassie, that's it. God, you are so hot."

I froze, shocked to realize that he had been fantasizing about me just as I had been feeling guilty about admiring his body. Suddenly, I had an epiphany - there was one very simple way that I could repay him for all his hard work that afternoon. I quietly walked into the room, unbuttoned my sundress and let it fall to the floor, and slipped out of my bra and panties.

Just as quietly, I opened the shower door. Still focused entirely on his cock, he had no idea of my presense. Waiting for just the right moment, I finally spoke, gently, just a few inches from his ear, "Can I help you with that?"

He jumped, froze, and slowly turned, his hand still on his cock. He opened his mouth and began to form an apology, until realizing that the fact that I was naked probably meant I wasn't upset. I could tell he was in shock, his mouth hanging open, his eyes permanently fixed on my tits, and decided it was time to take control.

I climbed into the shower and pulled his hands away from his cock, placing them instead on my breasts. My hands then replaced his, the soapy water making it quite easy to begin stroking him. In his youthful eagerness, he clutched my tits firmly, squeezing almost too hard, and I responded by stroking him faster. My head fell against his chest, and his hands dropped, one finding my ass and grabbing it to pull me closer, the other awkwardly stroking at my clit.

I decided to put him out of his misery for a moment, and dropped to my knees to finish him of with my mouth. I turned him into the stream of the shower just long enough to wash the soap from his cock, then turned him back again and quickly took in as much of his length as I could handle. I wrapped one hand around the base of his shaft, the other gently massaged his balls, and I began bobbing up and down with enthusiasm.

"Oh, god, Cassie, yes!" He wrapped his fingers in my long blonde hair, gradually becoming brown as it grew wetter, and pushed me down onto him, the tip of his cock pressing further into my throat even as I kept one hand on his shaft. Just as I was getting a rhythm going, he jerked and shot a load of cum into my throat. I smiled to myself, realizing that his stamina wasn't quite what it would be with more experience, but also hoping that he would regain his composure soon enough to fill my waiting pussy with that big cock of his.

Swallowing his load, I stood up, pressed my body against his, and slowly, sensually, washed the rest of the soap from our wet bodies. As soon as I began to feel him growing again, I looked up, lust in my eyes, and asked him whether he was up for more. "Are you ready for round two? Would you like to follow me into the bedroom, and fuck me properly?"

"Oh my god, Cassie. That would be a fantasy come true."

"Well then, follow me."

I stepped out of the shower first, took his hand, and led him out of the bathroom, down the hall, and into my bedroom. I motioned for him to sit on the edge of the bed, and I stood in front of him, dancing gently to the music that still played on the radio in the living room, showing him how a woman pleasured herself. One hand played with my tits, pressing my hard nipples up to my mouth to reach my tongue. The other hand began to explore my pussy, pushing the lips apart and seeking out my oh-so-sensitive clit.

His cock jutted out from his body as he watched, and before long a hand reached down to begin stroking it. "No, just watch. I'll take care of your cock soon enough."

He reluctantly but obediently pulled his hand away, and watched as I plunged two fingers into my pussy, groaning with pleasure as they slipped into my juicy hole. After a few moments of this pleasure, I pulled the fingers out, glistening with my juices, and stepped forward, pushing them into Josh's mouth. As he eagerly licked my fingers clean, I pushed him back until he was lying flat on the bed, and climbed on top of him, straddling his cock.

After rubbing the tip of his cock against my pussy lips a few times, I let my weight fall, taking him in completely. We both cried out - me, because I'd never felt so full of cock; Josh, likely because I surprised him with my agressiveness. It had been a while since I'd been with a man, and on top of that I was revelling in the sense of power that being with a younger man gave me. I began fucking him with abandon, riding his cock fast and hard, talking dirty as I never had before, asking him to fuck me harder, fuck me faster.

Just as I was about to cum, he turned the tables, taking control. He pushed me up and off of him, climbed out from under me, and flipped me over. Before I knew what had happened, I was on my hands and knees on the bed, and he was taking me from behind, his cock filling me even more fully than it had in the last position.

"So you want me to fuck you hard and fast, Cassie? Is that what you want? I thought you were a serious woman, but you're actually a cock-loving slut, aren't you?"

"Yes, yes, god, please give it to me!"

"You want me to fuck you hard, fuck you until we both cum?"

"Ungh, yeah, that's it."

He pulled out of me again, climbing off the bed and encouraging me to do the same. I looked back at him, whimpering at the loss of our rhythm, but I quickly got the idea. He was going to take me from behind again, but this time with our feet on the floor. I put my hands down on the bed and spread my legs for him, and he spread my pussy apart even further with his hands, before once again plunging his cock in.

This penetration was the deepest of all, and I was immediately pushed towards a huge wave of pleasure. He began slapping my ass as he pounded into me, panting as he too came closer to a huge orgasm. "Fuck yeah, Cassie. God, you're so hot. I love pounding your tight little pussy."

"Yes, yes, yes, yes, that's it - I'm cumming!"

Just as I let go, I felt his load shoot deep into my pussy as well, as he jerked and spasmed behind me. He continued sliding in and out of my pussy, although more gently now, as we both came down from our highs, before finally allowing me to fall to the bed beneath him as he stumbled down next to me.

"So," I asked once I remembered where, who, and why I was, "same time next Saturday? I'm sure the lawn will need mowing by then."