 It'll make the most sense if you read part one first.

*

It was one week after Cassie's accident, when I'd stopped to help her at the scene and stitched a large and nasty laceration in her left leg fold. I stopped after work at the Red Lobster restaurant. I wanted to get some shrimp and a cold beer at the bar.

As I entered I went towards the bathrooms. I heard some commotion in the adjoining dining area.

"Look, ma'am, we're going to have to insist..."

"I'm sorry; I just don't have my wallet, or my phone. I must've forgotten to pick them up when I got my other purse. You can check in my purse yourself if you'd like," said a small and timid voice.

"That's at least an original one," a more officious voice stated sarcastically. "I have to admit I've never heard that one before."

"If you'll just let me call someone, I'm sure we can settle this..."

That small and timid voice...I knew it sounded familiar. Cassie??

I peaked around the corner and, sure enough, there was my Hispanic bank teller buddy on the hot seat. A manager-type person was sternly standing over her with three wait-staff people for support.

She looked adorable, but very vulnerable. The V-necked blouse she wore plunged to show her pink bra below her breasts, showing ample cleavage. Her soft, wavy, shiny, brown hair surrounded her brown eyes. She wore a concerned expression on her face. Her immaculate expression was pale with worry, and her five foot tall 110 pound body was nearly quaking. She had a little guy of about five years, her son, in the seat next to her eating some French fries and being completely oblivious to the crisis ensuing. 

I thought quickly about what I could do to help my little buddy. I walked boldly into the fray.

"Oh my goodness, Cassie, I can't say I'm sorry enough times. Can you forgive me for being late? I got held up at work," I said, loud enough for all to hear.

"What? Oh, Doctor, I was...," she stuttered.

"I know that's a limp excuse and I've used it before but, please, I really am sorry."

Well, Cassie is nothing if not really sharp intellectually and caught onto my scam quickly.

"Well," she pouted, "it's about time."

"It looks like you've already eaten, so will you at least let me make it up to you? Have dessert with me?" I looked her little guy right in the eye. "Some ice cream on a brownie sound good?"

Now I had an ally. "Can we, Mom?" he asked. "Can we get dessert now?"

"I don't want dessert," declared Cassie.

"Have a drink with us while we do?" I asked, leaning towards her little son and winking at him.

"Please, Mom?" he begged.

"Okay, but just one," she replied.

Acting somewhat surprised, I looked up at the staff still standing beside our table. "Can someone let us see a dessert menu, and get the lady a drink? And what's this?" I asked, taking Cassie's dinner check out of the manager's hand.

"Here," I said. "Let me take care of this, like I should have done already." I paid with a handsome gratuity. After all, I'm nothing if not a gentleman.

While the staff moved away I again noticed how pretty Cassie was. She had turned in her seat a bit, probably to regain her composure, and her skirt slid up her thighs. Her panties were pink to match her bra. Her arms were back and her tits threatened to pop out of her blouse. 

Looking up and smiling at me, she put her hand on my thigh and said, "What am I going to do with you? How can I ever thank you?"

"Are you okay?" I asked her.

"I'm just about embarrassed to death," she said.

"Well, don't be. You're among friends now," I said.

She smiled wider and moved her hand on my thigh. Her skirt was almost to her lap. Her nipples were all that were still concealed by her blouse. And my dick was really getting stiff and hard.

"Wait a minute," she said. "Is this that date we talked about at the bank?"

I laughed. She'd criticized me during my bank visit for having too much money in my account and I'd threatened to spend it on a date with her. Just funning, at the time.

"No, this can't be an official date, because I didn't ask for one yet," I said.

"What about if I asked?"

"I'd rather you didn't," I said. "I'm old-fashioned enough to think it ought to come from me--like maybe now. Carrie," I asked humbly, "may I please have a date Friday night? Maybe for dinner?"

You would've thought she won the lottery. She beamed, but just as quickly it passed and she, with a clouded visage said, "I'd love to, but I don't know if I can find a babysitter for Friday."

"You mean for this guy?" I asked, nodding at her son. "Why don't you introduce us?"

"Doctor," said Cassie very formally, "this is my son, Jose."

"Hello, Jose, I'm Doctor Dougie," I said and shook his hand.

He giggled and wrinkled up his five-year-old nose at me. "What kinda name is Dougie?" he wanted to know.

I chuckled. "I don't really know," I replied. "People started calling me that when I was about your age and somehow it stuck."

"The doctor was nice enough to take care of our car for us," she told Jose. Turning back and forth to talk to us caused those gorgeous tits to wiggle and those little pink panties to blink at me. I was stone hard but really having a good time. Her hand was still on my thigh. 

"By the way," she asked, "how much do I owe you for the car? Erik said it was already taken care of."

"Well, then, that's that. Consider it a gift."

"Uh, I don't know; I think..."

"I think," I interrupted, "that we should get back to our date this Friday. Dinner? Please? And absolutely bring Jose, too. Then maybe I can take out those stitches for you."

She looked stunned. "You mean you don't mind that I have a son? And you want to include him, too?

"I think it's great, and he seems like a pretty cool dude." Turning to Jose, I asked, "Are you a cool dude?"

"Cool dude," he repeated, but with added expression.

Turning back to Cassie I asked, "Why is that a surprise?"

"Are you kidding?" she blurted. "Most of the guys I know run for the hills when they find out I'm a mom."

"Not me," I said, always the gentleman.

"Okay," she said. "Friday for dinner and stitches removal. As long as you promise not to hurt me."

And as if to seal the deal she made a large effort to pull her skirt down. Really, all she managed to do was lift it to give me an unbelievable look at her pink-pantied crotch. I almost came in my pants.

"Six o'clock is good for you?" I asked.

She had a pen and napkin. She wrote her phone number and address on it. Leaning onto me as she passed it, and resting her hand on my thigh high enough to feel my super hard dick, she smiled very brightly.

"Oh my goodness," she said leaving her hand on my stiff cock. "Is that my fault?"

"You betcha," I whispered back.

The days dragged by. Finally, it was Friday morning. I was in the cardiac cath lab. My cell phone buzzed. I didn't recognize the number. 

"Hello?" I said.

"Hi, doctor, it's Cassie," she said. "Is this a bad time?"

"I am pretty busy, but never too busy for you. I have to tell you, I'm really excited about taking you guys out tonight."

"Uh, that might be a problem. Jose got into some poison ivy and is taking benadryl for the itch. It makes him sleep the sleep of the dead."

"So, what, you're welching on our date?" I teased.

"Not if you want to come over here. Can I cook dinner for you?"

JACKPOT!! 

I love home cooked dinners and "nights in" best of all.

"Wow, that would be perfect," I said. "By the way, how'd you get my cell phone number?"

"I got it from the bank. Don't tell or I'll get in trouble, okay?"

Fat chance of that!

"So will six o'clock be good?" she asked.

"What can I bring?"

"Just yourself, doctor. And whatever you use to take stitches out. These're starting to itch."

"That means they've healed. See you at six."

Cleaned up, showered, freshly shaved (including my head), with a large mixed bouquet of fresh flowers in hand, and two bottles of wine (one red and one white, covering all bases!), I was ringing her doorbell at six o'clock.

She opened the door for me and almost every prayer I could think to pray was answered. She stood with her perfect heart-melting smile in a very light cottony sun dress, buttoned (but not all the way up to the top nor all the way to the bottom) in the front. I started to hand her the flowers when suddenly I became aware of Jose's artifacts. A large ball and some sort of toy space gun were right in the doorway.

My last prayer was answered. When Cassie squatted to pick up the toys her knees widely spread, showing me she had no panties on. I think my heart stopped. I stood open-mouthed staring at that puffy, pudgy, minimally-haired pussy a little too long. She looked up and caught me.

"I took my panties off because they were bothering my stitches," she explained. "I hope you don't mind. I'll try to wear them if it matters."

I guess I tried to answer her but just mumbled incoherently. Bother me?!! No way.

She stood up, stretched onto her tiptoes, put her cheek next to mine, and whispered in my ear. "Not really. I dressed this way hoping it would please you. And, by the way, no bra, either."

And with that, for the very first time between us, she stepped up and very gently, tantalizingly, and sweetly kissed me on the mouth. I prayed please, God, take me now, because it doesn't get any better than this. Or does it?

We went inside where Jose was stretched out in front of the TV playing video games. I'd brought some shortbread cookies and vanilla ice cream. I really made a friend for life.

She loved the flowers. "Do you know you're the first guy ever to bring me flowers? Ever?"

Wow, I thought, you've known some very stupid guys.

Dinner was a roast with parsleyed potatoes and a lovely salad. We had red wine with dinner (white for later), and ice cream and shortbread cookies with coffee for dessert. I couldn't keep my eyes off of her the entire time, and she knew it.

After dinner, visiting, and getting trounced by Jose on the video screen, he got another dose of benadryl. His eyes got heavy. Cassie and I nearly had finished the white wine.

It was bedtime for Jose. I asked him (when we were tucking him in) if we could pray together, and did the "Now I lay me down to sleep" thing. It's a good thing he had his eyes closed, because Cassie was sitting on the floor next to the bed, and I could look directly into her pink pussy. She smiled at me with little tears in her eyes, feet and butt on the floor but her knees up to support her chin.

Returning to the living room she said," Can you get those stitches out now?"

Wow.

She lied on the sofa and pulled her skirt above her waist. There was that pussy again. My hands were trembling, and I removed the stitches carefully so not to hurt her. I cleaned up my stuff and went to sit in the middle of the sofa.

Cassie had waited long enough. She walked up to me unbuttoning her dress all the way down. She straddled my lap. She kissed me again.

"Are you for real?" she said. "You saved me from the accident, got my car fixed for me, helped me out at the restaurant, asked me for a date, invited my son, and then played with him, then prayed with him. All the while you haven't asked for one thing from me. What gives?"

"I don't know, Cassie. I have to admit I think you're really special, but the rest is just being nice, I guess. Isn't that okay?"

"Tonight," she said, "I'm going to show you what's okay."

And with that she opened my zipper. My cock popped out and hit her on her pussy. Just from touching her wet vulva my cockhead was damp.

There really was something more I wanted. I literally picked her up off my lap and laid her on the floor. Moving between her legs I licked, sucked, kissed, tasted, and loved all around and in her pussy. I licked and teased her little clit. She gasped and sucked air.

"Good God," she moaned. "Nobody ever did that for me before. It feels so good...I'm cumming...I'm cumming...I'M CUMMING..."

She soaked my face with her juices. She clutched my head between her thighs, rigidly shuddering through an intense orgasm.

When she finally started to relax I could stand it no more. I pulled my pants down (not even off!) and slammed into her hot, velvety pussy. It didn't take me long and I emptied my seed into her womb.

We lay together, caressing one another. I must have dozed, for the next thing I know she was rubbing my dick lightly, and it responded. Noticing I was awake she whispered, "Now it's my turn to do the work." With that she climbed aboard my prone body, put my dick in her pussy, and rocked lovingly through the love thing. She squeezed my cock with her pussy muscles, and went nuts on me when I started to cum. She was wonderful.

When we finally finished I dressed and got up to go. 

"You're too good to be true, Dougie," she said. "What're you doing this weekend?"

"Working," I said. "And would you please let me ask for the dates?"

"Okay," she said. "When will I see you again?"

"Soon, I hope," I said.