 Please feel free to comment and vote. Note: Any suggestions will be listened to but these stories were written for my girlfriend foremost. Enjoy. ^_^

*

Cassius was walking across the campus boardwalk area when he hefted his backpack up onto his shoulder and looked around. Fountains and some odd statues littered the area, along with several trees and bushes. His classes were done now so he traversed the area to take in the view. He took a deep breath and fog issued from his nose as he exhaled and the cold air washed over his cheeks. He carried a fairly hot cup of hot chocolate in his hand and sat down to sip it gingerly, making sure not to burn his tongue by taking in a blind gulp. He steadily felt the sinking cold ebb away with the short sips of hot fluid dribbling down his throat. 

It wasn't but a few minutes before he spotted Kearse, a short and petite girl from his Literature class who was so much better than him at it. He smiled at her and inwardly grimaced at how bad he was in that class. He wasn't exactly too proud, but it was embarrassing that he excelled in every other factor of academics and when trying to deconstruct the views of Shakespeare in King Lear, he basically went blank. It was annoying trying to read someone's mind when they were dead for 500 years. No one will know what he thought nor can he tell. 

Cassius brought his mind back and watched Kearse pass him. Her hair fell to her waist, if not lower, and some bangs created a veil of black/brown hair in front of one of her eyes. Those hazel eyes were so lovely and burning with intensity. Some eyes are deep and draw people in like an ocean. Some eyes are piercing and seem to see right through people. But there are those extremely rare few who have intense eyes that remind Cassius of looking into a fire when everything has burned out and the glowing coals remain. Such gentle warmth comes from it without the fiery blaze and Kearse had that in her eyes. His eyes slowly raked down her body, staring at everything in turn. Those small and pink lips fit her pale and smooth face. Her breasts swelled out lightly, but the way they were pressed together made Cassius believe she might be wearing something too small for her breasts. Her figure lightly curved and flowed into her hips, adding the image of her being petite. Her ass swelled out some too and filled Cassius with the animal urge to touch and fondle her. Her legs were so lovely though, filling out her stockings so well and her thighs looking so smooth where they didn't cover effectively. She was wearing a cute skirt with rippling folds and little hanging chains that spiraled around it. Cassius was glad Kearse wasn't one of those girls with toothpick legs. He wasn't obsessed but he loved legs and especially Kearse's. It was all the more reason to love her legs since he loved her deeply as well. 

Kearse stopped walking and sat down several feet away next to another classmate and her friend, Nina. It allowed Cassius to continue looking and he hoped he wasn't being too weird. He had talked to her plenty, visiting each other's houses for study sessions and such. They even went out a few times, though with friends, and went to restaurants as well as the movies and other places of entertainment. When he visited her house, Cassius noticed she liked odd books. Some were normal, others being definitive girl books, and a couple seemed to be about dark stuff or old black magic stuff. When he asked her about it, she mentioned thinking it was interesting for some odd reason, making him laugh. 

Several hours later, Kearse, her friend Nicki, and Cassius were together at Nicki's house to study and just chill out. They argued over many subjects and had papers spread out over a large square coffee table. Nicki was a bit of a dark girl. She had a darkly colored room and odd candles and books that made Cassius think of a demonic chamber and smiled inside. The lights eventually were necessary as the sun set and candles weren't enough. Nicki reluctantly turned them on and blinked at the light. 

Her parents were out so it was the three of them and eventually, Cassius excused himself to go use the restroom. Nicki's eyes shot back and forth between the door and Kearse, who looked down oddly. 

"Finally!" Nicki exclaimed. "Now we can do the thing I mentioned earlier today. Hehe." She had a devious smile as she pulled out a book and opened it, while using a pastel to draw a few symbols on the table. Then, she drew a symbol on Kearse's hand, while chanting some odd string of words. This went on for something near a minute before Nicki stopped.

"Now I hope I've done it right but your emotions and pleasure and.... lust..... should flow into the guy you love," Nicki explained with a proud grin. Just as she was about to explain more when she opened her mouth, her cell phone went off and she picked it up. There were a lot of "yes" and "okay" coming from her before she got up and told Kearse about a game she needed to go to and pick up her brother from afterwards. It had just started and could be a couple hours. 

"Hope it goes well and just give Cassius my thanks for helping with that sciency stuff," Nicki said as she slipped out the door. 

"I will," Kearse simply replied meekly. She was looking back and forth around the room with her hands shoved between her thighs. 

My lust will affect him, she thought to herself. Her fingers accidently brushed over the part of her panties clinging to her pussy. Kearse breathed out slowly and leaned to look through a crack in the door. She could see the light down the hall from the bathroom. Her fingers slipped underneath the fabric of her panties as she touched the swollen lips of her pussy, rubbing and pressing in on her skin. Her long hair fell in locks over her face as she started to sweat a bit, and her pussy started to drip juices out and make a stain on her panties. 

Meanwhile, in the bathroom, Cassius was just about to open the door to leave when something like a burning heat washed over him. He instantly felt fuzzy and groped at the wall as he fell to his knees. He started breathing raggedly and felt extremely horny suddenly. 

"What... the hell... is wrong with... me?" Cassius asked himself between gasps. He could see his pants bulging out from his dick. He stood up weakly and took off his pants to watch his dick spring out and grow twice as long and thick as it usually was, pushing 13 inches long and probably 7 or so around in girth. The problem was it was still growing and Cassius didn't see any other choice but to wrap his hands around it and feebly try to sate it by stroking the thick mass. 

While Kearse was still in the other room, she started fingering her pussy roughly and soaking her fingers in juices as she then pinched and pulled her own clit. She placed a hand over her mouth as she pinched her clit hard and started spitting out so much sticky juice as she came hard. A muffled moan sounded from beneath her hand as her legs tensed and her toes curled. She was already on her knees with her legs spread and bent back behind her. Her nipples stood out, flushed with blood and rubbing painfully on the fabric of her bra. 

As she came, Cassius was writhing around inside the bathroom as his dick surged in size once more, growing to nearly 18 inches long and likely 10 inches around. His fingers spread apart as the veins became more and more noticeable. His balls also grew oversized as they reached the size of grapefruits. He tried desperately to rub his dick and cum as much as he could but precum just spurt out all over and he couldn't actually reach that stage of cumming. He resigned to stuffing the massive thing inside his shirt and leaning down to hide it. 

Lucky I'm wearing loose pants, Cassius thought as he hefted one of his balls in his hands and pulled up his pants. They still bulged out somewhat but it was something he could deal with. He then exited the bathroom and went back to the room, and was surprised to see only Kearse there. 

"Nicki had to leave for a couple hours and let us do as we please," Kearse explained. He nodded his head in agreement and they set to work continuing their study session. Cassius was far too unfocused to see that Kearse's face was blushed and her chest was heaving in short breaths. He was having troubles of his own with the steadily thickening beast. 

After several minutes of trying to study, Kearse started to notice the bulges in his pants and shirt. She tried to look and reached for his shirt, making Cassius a bit scared as he reacted by grabbing her wrists and pinning her down. With his body leaned down over Kearse, his shirt slid down and revealed the over enlarged dick he was trying to hide. His face was one of shame at first, then turned to confusion as Kearse gasped and blushed, sending shivers through Cassius. Her lust affected him once more, forcing his dick to surge bigger in size, reaching over two feet long and reaching Kearse's lips. She readily sucked on it, taking away any fear he had and making him lose all control. 

He thrusted his dick recklessly into her mouth as it kept growing. Then, Cassius grabbed Kearse's body with surprising strength and lifted her up to press those swollen, wet pussy lips to his own, sucking and licking her roughly as she moaned loudly. He lapped up her juices greedily as her legs involuntarily wrapped around his neck. Her fingers also dug into his hair as she squealed and whimpered helplessly. 

"Wait," Kearse could barely squeak out before moaning loudly, "I can't... ah... take anymore..." Cassius couldn't do anything to restrain himself anymore. His dick pressed against her ass as the length went just past two and a half feet. He positioned her dripping pussy right above the oversized and giant tip as it swelled with blood, and he dropped her on it. Kearse squealed with clenched teeth and the tip split her apart but only went in halfway. Cassius was too big but he couldn't figure that out anymore. He instead just thrust harder and harder, eventually getting the tip to slip inside her and another foot of the shaft followed. It wasn't long before he bottomed out against her cervix, pounding against it with reckless abandon. Kearse was uncontrollably cumming over and over from having her womb slowly pierced by the massive object pulsing inside her small pussy. 

With some pulling on her hips and long thrusts back and forth inside her, Cassius found his way inside her womb and the rest of the shaft slowly sank into Kearse. His balls swelled and filled with cum until they were the size of soccer balls. Then his dick grew longer and thicker until it was passing three and a half feet long. Her pussy sucked him deeper until her blushed pussy lips closed and tightened around the base, with Cassius enormous balls pressing against her thighs. He pushed her over and stood up with Kearse's legs dangling above the floor. Her toes curled inches above the floor as her petite body was pierced and invaded by Cassius's monstrous dick. Cassius thrusted in fast and long strokes as Kearse's legs flailed under her. His balls twitched as he gasped and breathed harder, with his dick swelling as it filled with warm cum and bulged out the underside. Kearse's legs straightened out as her toes curled harder and she came, spurting and spitting out juices all over his and her thighs. Cassius thrust as deep as he could one last time and pumped a loudly moaning Kearse full of cum. Her belly swelled up noticeably as he spurt deep inside her womb for several seconds with one long stream of thick cum. Then, stream after stream spurt inside Kearse as she whimpered in pleasure at being filled. Her belly swelled more and more as his seemingly endless supply of cum was pumped into Kearse. 

Cassius finally pulled out and spurt the rest all over her body as her body was able to touch the floor again and she collapsed, moaning and whining. Her body steadily became covered in a thick sheet of cum as her legs, ass, breasts, hair, and face were coated in it. Cassius's finally softening dick hung between his legs, with the tip swinging between his ankles as he laid beside Kearse and she kissed him deeply. 

They both cleaned up and showered before heading to Cassius's house for a sleepover, which ended up being that both of them cuddled like animals in the same bed.