 I had been studying the Art of Witchcraft for over ten years. I had always been fascinated by the occult and when I found "The Book of Shadow" browsing through Granny's bookshelf, I was hooked. She made it imperative for me to learn from the best teachers and not to fall back into the easier "Black Magick". Granny took me in hand and soon set me along the road to prowess. 

Soon I had to move on to higher learning. Grans was getting old and found such a natural talent in me, she couldn't keep up anymore. Presenting me to her friends in the occult domain to give me a chance to absorb as much as possible. I was a learning machine, always hungry for more. I was initiated in to Voodoo, clairvoyance, spiritualism, psychic healing and more. I had tried a little of everything but no single type of Magick appealed to me, as of yet. 

Granny sent me to one of her friends in Asia, Yingli Chu. Chu taught me meditation, trance and the depths of my own mind. A few months were spent with her, every moment enjoyable but I didn't feel completely comfortable in that Magick. 

Then, in Europe, I spent some time experiencing my ancestor's spirituality, Celtic Magick and Druidism with the help of Cawley Russell. I took a year in Scotland to get comfortable with my Celtic roots. I had the greatest experiences there, doing rituals at sunrise in stone circles, praying and meditating on the cliffs next to the ocean. I found my place, my home and my path in my Scottish roots. 

Last year I met another powerful Witch, Vicki. I was at a local bookstore and ran into her, both of us dropping our books from the shock. I picked up her books and I noticed a book on Shamanism. I was a little intrigued since I hadn't delved into Amerindian tradition yet. I asked her a few questions about it. She noticed my Element Magick books and was also intrigued about my Witchcraft. Our friendship began that day. We shared rituals, spells, books and life experiences. Together we extended our magickal horizon. I shared some of my Asian knowledge with her while she showed me the art of Shamanism. 

I begged her to teach me OBE (out-of body experience) and astral projection. After repeating over and over again what were the implications, she finally agreed. Vicki knew how curious I was and that I would never throw myself into something without doing the proper research and gathering a maximum amount of information on the subject. I think that's why we got along so well. We both respected our personal limitations, the unspoken rule of magick powers and we both knew the danger of unprepared magick. 

I was at her place, reading one of her dream books and sitting on her couch eating a cream cheese bagel. Vicki was getting ready to go out on a date. 

"Don't you have a place of your own?" she asked, mockingly. I had spent a lot of time at her place recently. 

Still concentrated on the book, without raising my head I replied: "Hey, you're the one who insisted that was taught here..." I took another bite of my bagel. "Mmmm... Vic?" 

"Yes... Hey! You're going to get crumbs everywhere on the couch!" she grabbed me by the ear and pulled me into the kitchen. 

"Argh! You are such a neat freak. I think I am going to try tonight..." 

"Mmmm?" she distractedly muttered while brushing off the couch with her hand. 

"You are not listening to me..." I insisted. She raised he head and looked at me, puzzled. "I'm going to try to control my dreams tonight." 

"You think you're ready?" she asked, concerned. 

"Yes, I've read everything about it and I collected all the ingredients to cast an empowering spell and..." 

Vicki cut me off in the middle of my sentence to mother me once more, "Just make sure you take it step by step. You won't be able to master the astral projection right away and don't be too disappointed if your dream control doesn't work right away, either." She looked at me, put her hand on her hips and smiled. "If you feel you're ready, and I know you do, you'd better call me first thing in the morning to tell me everything!" she said, pointing a finger at me. 

"Yes mom!" I laughed, "what do you say we have breakfast instead?" 

She grinned. "At The Little Tea Pot?" 

I agreed and left her to get ready for her date. 

The Little Tea Pot was our favorite hangout, when we were both deeply mired in our books we would camp there. We'd show up for breakfast and become so involved in our books or our debate that we surprised ourselves quite often by getting out of there very late in the evening.

Later that night I purified myself with a warm bath containing myrrh oil. Sanctified and prepared, I was ready-- I started to cast my circle. First I gathered all my instruments and placed the elements towards the cardinal point that empowered them. Since I needed to enhance my psychic abilities for the night, I needed the water element to be foremost. Therefore, the best place for my chalice was to the east. Ginger incense sat south, my purple candle west and a plant north. All my elements and quarters being represented, I was ready to cast. 

I invoked the Celtic Goddess and meditated, absorbing her powers. I thanked the Spirits for their help, closed my circle and then went to bed. Lying on my bed, I meditated on my goal. Slowly I drifted into slumber. 

As I sank deeper, I sensed my essence being pulled out of my body. Light and free, I floated along. I looked at my hand; it was an ice-blue color, ghostly and almost transparent. I was seeing my aura! I smiled; happy my efforts had been successful. 

Gently my feet touched a floor somewhere and I glanced around, trying to figure out where I was. It was dark but a ray of light coming from the window helped me see two beds each containing a man, deep in sleep. I slowly approached the first bed. A man was lying there, on his back with his face turned towards me and an arm tucked behind his head. The bed sheet covered him from the waist down. 

I watched him for a moment. He looked vulnerable, yet strong. His long brown-auburn hair seemed so soft and his lips were slightly open. Breathing softly, just perfect for kissing shaking my head, I chased that thought away. 

My eyes continued the exploration of his throat. I had always had something for strong necks and his was particularly stunning with a prominent Adam's apple. Mmmm... I bit my lower lip, I couldn't! Although it was a dream, my conscience was wide awake and restrained me from doing what I would normally do in a dream where I didn't have any control. He had lovely strong arms and an inviting chest. There was a thatch of thick chestnut curls down to his belly. Oh, I could just run my fingers through his chest hair! An internal struggle raged; I had the urge to touch him, to feel him but my good girl side was telling me to behave. 

I glanced over to the other bed. There was a bump under the covers, showing me the other man was turned away from the first... It is a dream, right? So, if the other one wakes up it doesn't matter, right? A girl has needs too, after all. 

It wasn't hard to convince myself. "What the heck!" I thought and sat next to the first man. My thumb caressed down his jaw line to his bottom lip. His beard was rough and bristly but his lips were very soft. Strong urges moved me-I needed to taste those lips! I gave him a soft, light kiss and tasted him. "Mint, must be from his toothpaste," I thought. I smelled his neck with the hint of musk and strong soap. Then and there I lost all common sense. I started kissing his neck, licking his throat. But when a soft moan came out of his mouth, I stopped, scared. 

Oh, for the Goddess' sake! What was I thinking? I shook my head to clear it. It's just a dream; I'll go if he wakes up! I continued the journey with my mouth, nibbling on his earlobe, kissing down his throat again while my hand explored his chest. I gently caressed his nipple with two fingers, making him sigh but he didn't wake up. My arousal was growing, hot and feverish down below. 

I kept kissing down his chest to nuzzle his chest hair, god, he felt really good. My hand reached under the covers and down his belly. This one was meaty, just the way I like them! I wasn't surprised he was sleeping in his birthday suit; it's MY dream after all. 

I continued to kiss my way down his chest, flicking his nipple with the tip of my tongue and pulling the sheet aside to make my way down. My hand crept down to his cock. He was already hard, good! Not extraordinarily long but a reasonable length and wonderfully thick, again just the way I liked it. My dream was getting better and better. 

When my face brushed his genitals, I gently blew on the head of his cock while holding it with one hand, the other caressing his balls. He groaned again when the tip of my tongue took in the head. Ah, the sign I was waiting for! My mouth enveloped his penis, covering it completely. I started sucking it, losing all my inhibitions. With my tongue, my hands I played with him, getting as much pleasure out of it as I was giving. His large hand rested lightly on my head, pushing it down on his cock. He groaned loudly, but still didn't wake up. I devoured his penis- he tasted so, so good and I wanted more. I licked his balls, the base of his cock; every inch of his cock was given lavish attention. He was groaning more and more. "Oh, please wake up," I thought. 

I closed my eyes, tasting his pre-cum. My hand chased my mouth with the back and forth movement and he copied it with the thrust of his hips. His groans were getting louder, and I understood he was about to come when I heard a ring. I opened my eyes and I was back in my room, fully awake! It was my damn phone ringing. The walls rang with my OWN curses! 

Drained of color, Ted was staring at Alan. Alan woke up at the moment he came. He looked at Ted and blushed. 

"Sorry man, I just had the greatest dream..," Alan blurted out. 

" A...a... the...a...I...I just saw ... I just saw..." 

"Yeah, yeah! You just saw my dick! So what? Get over it!" 

Ted seemed terrified. "No, dude! It's not that--I, I just saw a ghost sucking your dick!"



I finished telling my dream to Vicki while staring into my cup of coffee. I couldn't look at her at first, I was blushing too hard. Not like I wasn't used to it with my milky white skin. I had blushed at everything my entire life... When I finally met her eyes, she was as red as I was. 

"You did what?" she said in shock. I was a little surprised at her reaction. Vicky was certainly not a prude. "I can NOT believe you did that! Melissa, you know better than that! You're a VERY powerful witch and you used your power for that? I know you can be an airhead sometimes but this is too much!" Her voice spiraled up the decibel scale and I became insulted. 

"Oh come on! It's not like you've never had an erotic dream before," I shouted then realized people were staring at us. I lowered my voice, "Relax, it was just a dream, I was in control at all times!" 

"No, it was not!" Seeing my puzzled look she asked, "Was it in full-blown color?" I nodded. "Did you see yourself, your aura?" I nodded again. "Did you feel EVERY single thing?" 

"Yes... what's your point?" I asked, helplessly. 

"Well sweetie, guess what? That wasn't a dream you controlled... I'm sorry to tell you that was an OBE! You actually left your body and entered another's room AND privacy! I still can't believe you did that," she put her head in her hands. 

"You mean... those... that man is real?" I asked, in shock. When I saw her look I started to panic. "Oh no! Oh my! What have I done?" 

"It wasn't me that taught you success on your first attempt! Melissa, you are a far more powerful witch than you realize. Do you know where you were? I mean the exact location?" I shook my head that I didn't and she tried to reassure me. "Okay, don't panic, the chance that you'll ever run into that man again is slim to none. He never woke up, right? Everything will be alright, just promise me you won't do it again." 

"Oh that's for sure, I won't disturb anyone ever again when I'm having an OBE!" 

We finished our breakfast and got ready to leave when Vicki posed the question I had been expecting. "So, you had to finish the job on your own?" she was dying to know. 

I looked at her, laughing, "I won't answer that! How did your date go last night?" 

"Argh! Don't let me start on that jerk... it's over! Hey, what are you doing tonight, besides not dropping on anyone while in OBE?" 

"Dunno, I have nothing planned... why?" 

"Well since I broke up with Paul, I have an extra ticket for the show tonight, wanna come?" 

"Sure, want me to pick you up?" 

"No, dear... we need a cab. Because we are getting trashed tonight!" she dropped me off at my place, a devilish smile on her face. 

I spent the day practicing astral projection. I was able to master it a little but the only way I could tell is that I was able to scare my dog. Poor Tavie! I might ask Vicki to be my test subject tomorrow... 

I got ready for our girl's night out and since my hormones were already so high I decided to wear a killer outfit. My low cut black skirt, a medieval emerald shirt that showed more than enough cleavage and of course, my high heeled leather boots ought to do the trick. I grabbed my leather jacket and met Vicki at the bar. 

She whistled when she saw me. "Whoa! Someone is out to get some tonight! I can't remember the last time I saw you so sexy!" I blushed a little and thanked her. 

We entered the bar and Vicki greeted a few people there. Obviously, she was well known in the place and I noticed a few heads turning as she walked. I smiled, thinking of all the hearts she'd broken so far. We sat down at a table to the left side of the stage and as soon as we were settled, drinks were coming from everywhere. Vicki gave me a sheepish look and shrugged. Conversation before the show was difficult as we were constantly disturbed by one or the other of Vicki's "friends". I found it quite amusing. 

A tall man came on stage and began singing a song that I didn't know but seemed the rest of the crowd did. They were all singing along at the top of their lungs. The rest of the band came on stage but I kept my gaze on the singer. He was charming with his little glasses, his deep voice and a very soft face. I picked up the chorus very quickly and started punching the ceiling with each HEY! Like everyone else. 

Everyone applauded wildly at the end of the song. I leaned towards Vicki to tell her how cute the singer was when I saw him on the center of the stage. My heart skipped a beat. This can't be happening! My jaw dropped as all the color in my face left. 

"Hey all! We're Luckey's Guinness and we are here for a good old Kitchen party!" he said in the microphone before starting a new song. 

I felt Vicki patting my arm with a worried look on her face," Are you alright? You are even whiter than usual!" 

"Vicki... That's him..." 

"Don't tell me you have the hots for Alan, too!" she joked. 

"No, no... I mean... That's the man I... um... visited!" 

"You blew Alan Davis!? Oh... Melissa, I take back everything I said before, I am so proud of you!" She finally acknowledged my panic, "Don't worry, he can't see you from here and remember, he never saw you, so just enjoy the show." 

I agreed and relaxed. She was right, he only felt me. He couldn't possibly identify me, no one could. The show was very energetic; I did enjoy it a lot. We got up to dance many times then sat down for the slow songs. Alan, now that I knew his name, was singing a very sad song about leaving a loved one to go back out to sea. I got caught up in the moment and left my mind drift. I pictured myself caressing the back of his neck, caressing his nape with the tips of my fingers while kissing his throat. I let my hand go down his back, along his spine to his ass, gently caressing and squeezing while my mouth was going down his chest. I vividly imagined kissing and nibbling on his nipples. 

I felt Vicki taking me by the shoulders and shaking me. "Snap out of it!" she yelled. "No astral projection here, that's the reason so many witches were killed! They weren't careful enough." 

I suddenly realized that I had been in a trance. The sound returned to my ears and I could hear how off key Alan was singing, muttering incomprehensible lyrics. I took a quick look on the stage and he was squirming, twisting his legs like a little boy who needed to pee. He looked very worried and kept glancing our way.

*************************************************

Vicki and I started talking about what had happened during the show. 

"Melissa, you must work on how to separate daydreaming from astral projection! As clumsy as you are, you'll cause a riot!" 

"I know, I know. It freaks me out too, I never meant to project myself like that," I apologized. 

"Don't worry, we'll work on it. Just don't let your imagination drift away again before you can master it. Maybe you should go back to your friend... what's her name again, Ying a lang?" 

"Chu!" I protested. 

"Bless you!" 

I turned around to see what jackass found himself so funny and it was one of the Luckey's Guinness guys, whathisname with the butt-ugly shirt. He waved at Vicki and gave her a huge smile. 

"You know him?" I wondered. 

"Yeah... That's Steve... We had a thing... a while back..," she mumbled. 

"Hey Vicki! Eric's waiting' for you!," he bellowed. 

"Alright Steve, thanks!" She turned back to me, "Mind if I leave you alone here for a bit?" 

I raised my eyebrows, "A bit? Take your time and get that Steve guy a new shirt, my! Even Tavie wouldn't shit on it!" 

She went backstage laughing at my remark. I got up, took my coat and walked over to the bar. Sitting on a convenient barstool, I waited for the bartender to see me. She was way down at the other end of the bar and looked so tiny. For a second I thought that they had hired a teenager. She walked by me so fast I hardly had time to react. I noticed she put an empty bottle in the recycle bin and I thought, good! they care for the earth! When she turned back to face me, both of us stared at each other, stunned for a second. 

"Ilene?!? Ilene Russell! What are you doing here?" I couldn't believe my eyes. 

"Melissa, Oh my god, hi! I work here now... This is so strange seeing you here, I was just thinking about you the other day. I can't believe this, wow! Dude, it's been so long.... My dad asked me if I'd seen you since I moved here, but I explained that California is way bigger than the highlands and running into you was practically impossible," she blurted out without breathing. I'd forgotten how hyperactive she was. "But I'm working as a bartender, here at O'Malley's, an Irish Pub, me, a Scott, imagine that? Did you like the show? They were nice, uh? They come here quite often, I always enjoy their music. Are you alone? Can I serve you anything? It's on me, for old time sake..." Finally, she took a breath. 

"Oh my lanta! You haven't changed at all!" I chuckled. "Okay, I loved the show. They were very nice. I'm with a friend and I'll take a Harps, please. I am so surprised to see you here, why did you leave Boston?" 

While serving my beer she started another rampage, "I needed a change of scenery. It was getting crazy there, I was working way too much, with the school and all that shit. I thought, hey dude, let's try California! And here I am! I found this job as soon as I got here and I love it. I get to see great shows, meet terrific people and as you can see, the crowd is quite friendly. What about you? When did you leave Montreal? Why California? Where's your friend?" 

"Hum, I left Montreal about a year ago -- you know me, can't stay in one place! Since Granny passed away I felt awkward in that big house by myself, so I sold everything and moved here. Why California? Good question, a feeling I guess, I was drawn here for some obscure reason. My friend is backstage, some guy from the band, uh, Eric wanted to see her." 
