 Setting:

A luxurious suburban home towards the end of a rainy day, the smell of the moisture filling the air, the windows open letting the fresh air in, the drapes fluttering in the breeze, the lights in the house dimmed to brighten up the shadows cast by the setting sun.

Your day has ended and you are home, laying on the sofa, reading a novel, relaxing from your long stress filled day. You have slipped into something more comfortable, your mind drifts into the fantasies of what you want to happen tonight, you bite your bottom lip, while your imagination runs wild, you picture yourself being made love to, the man of your dreams on top of you looking straight into your eyes, you start touching yourself just imagining what he’s doing to you. Your book falls out of your hands as they start to roam your body, squeezing your breasts and trailing down reaching your neatly shaven pussy, your legs tighten together as your fingers tease your slit. You bite your lip harder, imagining more and more how you are being made love to, the man of your dreams is kissing your neck, licking it in the right places, making you moan, his strong hands roaming your body as he is grinding his hips against yours. You rub your clit furiously as your imagination gets more and more intense; your body is squirming, longing for an orgasm.

You hear a rustle at the front door, and look at the clock, its time for me to be home. You straighten yourself out as you precipitate to the door to greet me with your warm embrace. You throw your arms around me as I walk through the doorway, and passionately kiss me, I drop the objects I was carrying. You whisper in my ear: “I was thinking of you” and you start kissing me again, I lock my hands on your waist and push you against the wall in the entry way, kissing you roughly, our tongues playing together, my hands under your shirt running up and down your body.

I break the kiss and let my lips trail towards your neck, licking and kissing it, with the occasional bite, you tell me how much you’ want me, I press my body against yours and slowly lift your shirt over your head, exposing your beautiful bra covered breasts, I put my hands on them, and rub them, you wrap your leg around me as I kiss your upper chest and collar bone, my hands grabbing your butt, kneading it gently. I kiss in between your breasts. You moan as I lick a trail back up to your neck where I suck on it and gently bite it, I cup your buttocks in my hand and lift you to my waist, you wrap your legs around me, and I push you against the wall, I grind my hips into yours, while kissing your lips passionately your hands are behind my head, pulling me into your kiss. My hands kneading you hard my embrace gets rougher, I break the kiss to suck on your neck again, biting it a little harder.

You kiss my ear, taking it in your mouth, my hard cock is pressing through my pants onto your wet panty covered pussy, you make an effort to rub up and down my bulge. You put a hand on it, between your hips and me, pinching the head. You whisper to me to take me to the bedroom, now. I take you from against the wall, with your legs wrapped around me, and we gently walk towards the bedroom, where I let you slide off me on the bed, and I get on top of you, I kiss you passionately roaming my hands on your tummy, chest and your panties. I break off our kiss and trail my lips down your neck, over your collarbone, feeling your breasts with my hands; I slide the strap off your shoulder and let your cup fold over a little, I lean my head in a little and graze your nipple with my lips, my tongue slides out of my mouth and circles your nipple, scooping your nipple into my mouth, I close my lips around it, and start sucking on it, making you moan, and squirm. My hand is rubbing your clit outside of your panties, fingering you up and down your slit, my mouth still locked around your nipple, making you shiver for more. My other hand is on your other un-cupped breast, pinching it and rolling it in my fingers. You push your hips against my hand grinding your wetness on my fingers. I suck on your nipple harder at this point, making your moans become louder. My hand working on your slit, pushes your panties aside and I let one of my fingers gently glide into you, you let out a yelp as my finger stretches your wet hole.

I kiss down from your breast and lick around your belly button, kissing a trail from there to your panties; I push them to the side, exposing your bare pussy I lower my face onto your lips and start licking around them, I take both your lips into my mouth, and insert my tongue down your slit, my finger still sliding in and out of your hole, your hands are cupping your breasts and kneading your nipples as my tongue circles your clit gently, I push my head into your pussy harder now sucking on your clit, tasting your steady flow of juices, one of your hands finds its way to the back of my head, and you caress my hair pulling me into your pussy, I start sucking the juices out of your hole, my finger pumping in and out of you faster and faster, I slip another finger into you, you scream, my two fingers pushing in and out of you, making your juices flow down your pussy coating your ass.

My tongue still circling your clit with my lips sucking on it, my fingers making you wetter and wetter, your body starts shaking, as you feel an orgasm coming on. My fingers keep their penetration as my tongue starts sending your orgasm ripping through your body, you moan harder and harder while pinching your nipple, your juices start flowing more abundantly, I remove my fingers and lick you clean, I put one of my fingers in my mouth and suck it dry, I feed the other one to you. You suck on it drying it up.

I get on my knees and scoot over to you, you undo my pants and un-tuck my shirt, your reach inside my pants and pull my cock out, your lips wrap around it, I lean my head back and moan, you start taking my cock in deeper, I moan, your tongue goes around my head, licking off my pre-cum, I put my hand in your hair and pull your head towards my growing shaft, you cup my balls in your hand and start kneading them as well as playing with them, I rub your head with my fingers, and gently pull your hair while my cock slides out of your mouth. I pull your head in again sliding my cock all the way into your mouth, your lips reach its base, my pre-cum releases into your throat, coating your mouth as well as my shaft, I caress your face as you look up at me with my dick in your mouth.

You take my cock out of your mouth and tell me how much you want to feel my shaft in your pussy, you want to feel it slide in and out of your tight hole, you want it to make you cum hard. I moan as you slide it back into your mouth and keep on bobbing your head up and down, I moan harder as your circle the tip with your tongue, licking down the shaft, you suck one of my balls into your mouth, then the second one. Your hand sliding up and down my shaft my moans increase, I reach down and cup one of your breasts, kneading it, you look at me and sigh deep-throating my shaft again I rub your nipple and roll it in my hand, I reach behind you and undo your bra, while you suck on the head of my cock, I remove your bra, one of your hands playing with my balls.

I reach down further and I start rubbing your clit and putting my fingers back in your pussy. And I pump them in and out, your head bobs up and down at the same frequency as my fingers go in and out of you. You take my cock out of your mouth again and look into my eyes as you say:

“Mmmm baby, I want you to fuck me, I want you to fuck my tight pussy with your big cock, let me feel you spread my slit and pound me hard” I reply.

“Ok baby, I hope you’re ready, cause you’ve made my cock so hard, I’m going to make you cum all over it.”

I slide my body onto yours and i look into your eyes, leaning down to kiss you passionately, I rub my cock up and down your slit and lips, you reach down and take it in your hand, you bite your lower lip and you pull me forward, lowering my hips making my shaft sink itself into you, spreading your pussy, you close your eyes and let out a deep sigh, I start pumping my cock, in and out and in and out, thrusting into you, you feel my balls gathering your moisture and starting to slap against your ass, I look at you in your eyes, your arms on my shoulders, I pick up the pace a little your tits bouncing up and down with my thrusts, I bend down a little and take one of your breasts into my mouth, and suck on your nipple long and hard, you run your fingers through my hair and tilt your head back as you moan, I pick up the pace some more.

I back off your breast and look at you, you look back at me, my cock making you moan, our sweat mixing as we continue making love, my hands roaming your upper body, cupping your breast, kneading your nipples. Your panties simply pushed to the side, your legs wrapped around me pulling me in with each stroke, you are shaking lightly as my cock keeps up its pace of going in and out of you, I kiss your face, bite your lip.

My thrusts slowing down, I put my whole body into the movement of making love to you, you start scratching my back, and biting my ear, pulling my body into yours, my shaft simply sliding in and out of you. Your wetness dripping down your ass. I kiss you. I keep up this pace for a while, you start moaning louder and louder, getting more aggressive with your nails in my back. I increase the determination of my thrusts your body shaking and your pussy getting wetter and wetter, I know you are about to cum, your eyes are closed, my cock is being milked by your pussy, I kiss you and you start cumming, you bite my tongue gently, as my shaft slides in and out, your pussy releasing its juices all over me.

We kiss some more and I slowly slow to a halt and remove my cock from your pussy, and lay down next to you, you turn your back towards me and push your ass on my shaft. you spread your legs a little and wiggle my cock into place at your opening, I thrust forward burying myself into you, you let out a little yelp, I put my hand on your hip, and hold on to it I start pumping in and out, faster, my balls hitting your clit when I push it inside of you. I increase my speed, my hand roaming your body again, reaching around and cupping one of your breasts, you put your hand on my hip and pull me to you at each inward thrust. I play with your nipple as I continue thrusting into you, my hard cock spreading your walls, I feel your juices leaking all over my crotch, we are both breathing together, I lean in and kiss your neck, sucking on it and biting it, I nibble on your ear.

You motion us to roll over me on top and you on your stomach facing the bed, I straddle you with my shaft still inside of you, I keep on pumping it in and out of you, putting my hands on your shoulders, I lift myself off of you a little, letting you scoot back onto all fours, and with my cock still inside of you, I start pumping away at your pussy letting you feel my cock in you and my balls slapping your clit, my hands on your hips, pulling you back, helping you slam your hips into mine, I rub your buttocks, while pounding you with long hard strokes, I reach around you and cup your breasts pinching your nipples and pulling them. You moan louder, my thrusts intensifying, plunging my cock deeper and deeper with each stroke. You look back at me, holding yourself by putting a hand on your butt; I reach forward and play with your hair, pulling it lightly and rubbing your head, caressing your face.

My hand reaches around your waist and my fingers part your pussy lips, and start circling your clit, I part your lips so that my balls hit it when I thrust inwards. Your moans intensify. You turn your head to me and say:

“Mmmmm, baby give it to me harder, I want to be taken to the shower and fucked senseless, I want to feel the rushing water on my body while my orgasm rips through my body.”

“Ok baby lets go.”

I withdraw from you and we both stand up, I put my hand on your butt as we walk to the shower. You take your panties off and the drop to the floor, we start kissing passionately in the bathroom, your hands around my shaft jerking me off gently, I lean over and turn the shower on, the steam immediately rising from the water, we continue our kissing, I lean you back on the counter and you scoot up on to it, I kneel down kissing a trail down your upper body, over your breasts, your tummy and finally in between your legs, where I part your lips and suck on your wet pussy, juices are all over your crotch, and a little on your butt I lick them clean. I get up and you get on your feet, pushing me against the wall, you start kissing down my body, your hands roaming around my cock, you take it in your hands and pull the skin back, you then engulf it into you mouth deep-throating me, taking my whole shaft into your mouth your lips graze my hips. The taste of precum filling your mouth as you keep on sucking my cock.

I motion you to get up as you look at me, you walk sexily into the shower and signal with your finger to follow you, you get on your knees as I step in the stall and you engulf my cock in your mouth once again, sucking up all my precum, you put your hands on my ass and knead it. Your head bobbing up and down on my cock you look up at me, water splashing all over your body, you put one hand around my shaft and the other is rubbing your clit in circles, occasionally pinching it, you keep looking at me, I reach down and cradle your face in my hands with my cock in your mouth, you take it out and get up, we kiss passionately I can taste the precum in your mouth, I push you back against the wall and kiss your neck making you moan, moving up to your ear nibbling on your lobe, you rub your thigh up and down my side, I take it in my hand and you reach in between us and you put the head of my cock at your entrance, I slowly push myself inside of you, inching my way into you, your eyes closing in ecstasy, your hands gripping my shoulders as you try and accommodate my large member, I start pumping myself in and out of you, you start moaning, your wet hair sticking to your face, my shaft buried in you. Your face showing pure lust. I increase my rhythm, rubbing your leg while I penetrate you, you press your back against the wall and lift your other leg on me, you wrap your legs around my hips and start moaning harder as my cock burry’s itself deeper into you, my hands on your butt kneading it and holding you in place for my hips to crash into you. You feel an orgasm ripping through your body, you nuzzle your mouth in my shoulder and bite me gently as you start releasing your orgasm, your legs shaking as your pussy is cumming on my big cock.

I hold my cum in, you are making it harder and harder for me to hold it back, you put your arms around me and hold me while you come down from your orgasm, I let you go as you slowly start to slip off my hips, you put your hand around my cock and turn around to bend over, you pull my cock towards you and you let me slide it in, I lean forward and kiss your cheek, my hands on your hips, we’re both standing, the water rushing on our bodies, my hard cock deep within you. I start pounding you with a harder rhythm, holding your hips as my shaft plunges deeper and deeper, your moans are intensifying, my hands once again roam your body, cupping your breasts, I pinch your nipples, my balls launch themselves at your clit, hitting it just right, your put your hands up on the wall and hold yourself up, my hard cock pounding you, you look back at me, your eyes filled with lust, you tell me you are ready to be filled up, you are ready to get all my cum inside of you and that you want to cum with me.

Your words trigger a reaction in my loins your pussy clenching to my cock, milking it for all its worth, you feel your orgasm coming, your moan deepens as I pound you harder and harder. Full of determination. You start releasing your orgasm which in turn triggers mine and I start to shoot my white liquid up your tight little pussy, pumping my cum deep inside of your pussy, you feel my head thicken as it gets ready to shoot yet another quirt up your pussy, I hold your hips and lean in to feel your skin against mine, your stand up and let my cock out of you, you turn around and we hold eachother, you look up at me and we kiss passionately, your hand on my lipening shaft you kiss my chest and I caress your body, we kiss again and step out of the shower, you feel some of my cum dripping down your legs. And you hold me.

THE END