 It was getting late. In fact, it was a little after 6:30 p.m. "I really should get out if here," Cat mumbled to herself as she stretched at her desk. Her legs and feet ached from racing from meeting to meeting. She kicked off her heels and wiggled her nylon covered toes. "But," she continued. "I really need to get this expense report submitted."

The rest of the office was dark. Most everyone had gone home. Cat pulled her long hair back and twisted it into a messy bun, holding it in place with a spare pencil she had on her desk before starting back to work. It was the fourth time she had been through the expense report. The numbers just weren't adding up. She knew she was missing something. Something easy. Her tired body just wasn't letting her see it. 

She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. She smiled. She knew who could help, if he was still in the office, that was. She picked up the phone and punched the numbers. The phone rang, but went to voicemail. "Damn it," she cursed as she hung up the phone. "I guess I'm on my own." She just finished muttering the words when her phone rang, startling her. She was so on edge, she about fell out of her chair. Cat looked at the ID. It was him! 

"Hey! Good, you're here! Could you come to my office and help me with something?" She asked. 

She smiled as she hung up the phone. She had always had a thing for Chris. She always looked for ways to get him in her office. He was just an average guy, average height, average build. Nothing special, in fact, he was someone most girls overlooked. But to Cat, there was just something about him. Maybe it was his smile. His quietness. His shyness. Or maybe it was the smell of his cologne. Even the slightest hint of it made her pussy tingle. She never could quite put her finger on it. She had always hoped he would make the first move, but it had been over a year and nothing had happened. 

There was a loud knock on her office door. Cat jumped again. She giggled nervously. "Chris! You scared me!"

"Sorry about that," he said blushing.

"Well, don't just stand there, come over her and see if you can figure this out, I really want to get out of here tonight. It's Friday. It's my birthday. I really don't want to spend it here!"

Chris chuckled and flashed her a smile. "Well, happy birthday! Let's see if we can get you out of here and on to celebrating!"

Chris walked around behind Cat and stared at the computer screen.

"Everything looks ok there. Scroll down a bit."

Cat did as he asked. But was a little overzealous and scrolled too far.

"Oops, hold on. Here, go back up," Chris said as he leaned in and reached for the mouse. She closed her eyes and inhaled his scent. She could feel his breath on her cheek. Cat's hand was still there. A shock went through her like electricity when his hand touched hers. Her pussy tingled and she almost instantly soaked her panties. Her nipples hardened and strained against the satin material of her bra. Her body shivered slightly. 

"Oh, umm, ah, I...I'm sorry Cat," Chris stammered as he pulled his hand back. 

"It's ok," she said as she giggled like a school girl. "What did you want to see?"

"Oh, ah, right there. Back up about three lines. It looks like the numbers are transposed."

In just a few clicks, the expense report was perfect. "Oh thank God! You are a lifesaver! Thank you so much!"

"No problem," Chris said with a smile as he walked back around her desk and headed for the door. "You know where to find me if you have any more issues."

Cat was going to call out to him, but stopped herself. She just watched as he walked away. She went back to finalizing the report. Just a few more clicks were between her and celebrating her birthday. 

She quickly finished and was about to shut down her computer. She closed her eyes. Her mind was still on Chris. His smell. His touch. She needed his touch. A thought popped into her mind. She opened her chat window and started to type.

"This probably won't work," she mumbled as she hit send.

Chris had just gotten back to his desk and began working on finishing his own expense report when the chat popped up.

"Hey!"

"Hey!" He responded 

"Oh, good, you are still here."

"Yes, going to be for a bit longer."

"Oh..."

"Everything ok? Need a hand again?"

"No, everything is ok. I just finished and was going to get out if here. Thought maybe you would join me for a drink for my birthday...and maybe dinner. No one is getting back to me and I'd hate to celebrate alone..."

There was a long awkward pause in the chat. Cat's heart raced as she anxiously awaited a response.

"Going to be awhile. Don't want to keep you."

"How long?"

"Half hour, at least."

"Good, meet me at Porter's Pub in a half hour. And don't stand me up on my birthday!"

Cat quickly closed the chat and logged off before he could respond and made her escape from the office.

A half hour felt like an eternity. She had already finished one beer...or was it two, and started on another.

Forty five minutes passed. She had accepted the fact that Chris wasn't coming. She was looking for the waitress so she could order when she saw him come through the door.

Chris waved as he made his way over to her.

"Sorry, I'm a bit late. Damn expense report!" He exclaimed with a nervous laugh. They were quickly interrupted by the waitress.

"Something to drink while you look over the menu?" She asked.

"Sure, bring us two of whatever beer she is drinking," Chris said smiling both at the waitress and Cat. Cat felt that tingle again...or maybe it was all the beer going to her head...either way, she knew she needed to eat or there would be trouble.

There was a bit of an awkward silence as they waited for their drinks and looked over the menu. That was the last thing Cat really remembered. It was morning. She awoke in bed. A bed. A strange bed. She panicked for a minute but relaxed when she smelled a familiar smell. The smell of that cologne. She had a vague idea of where she was.

"What did I do?" She wondered aloud as she pulled back the blanket and sat at the edge of the bed still fully clothed from the night before. Her head ached. Everything was a blur after dinner. She remembered ordering, but nothing else. She sighed heavily. "What did I do?" She repeated, hoping this time someone would answer her. 

Cat's shoes and purse lay neatly on a chair in the corner of the bed room. She quickly gathered her things and tried to make her escape. Unfamiliar with her surroundings, Cat slowly made her way from the bedroom down the hallway to the living room. Chris was asleep on the couch. The blanket he was using had fallen to the floor. She could see he was wearing only his boxers and a tee shirt. Cat watched him for a moment. She could see his chest rise and fall rhythmically as he breathed. She was sure she could escape. She could see the front door just on the other side of the room. She had no idea where she was, but she'd worry about that on the other side of the door. Still carrying her shoes as to not make a sound, Cat crept past a sleeping Chris. Her hand reached for the doorknob. She wanted to look back, to see him one more time, before she left. In her mind, things were ruined, they would never be the same for them. She hesitated for a moment.

"Well good morning! Can I at least make you a post birthday celebration breakfast before you go?" Chris asked sleepily as he stretched and sat up on the couch. "You had quite a night, you better eat."

Cat froze, too embarrassed to turn around. "Good morning," she said quietly. "I think I'd rather just go."

"Nonsense! I was up earlier. The coffee is already ready. Come with me to the kitchen. We'll eat, then I can take you home."

Cat's head rested on the door as Chris headed for the kitchen. Her hand reached for the door knob. She stopped. The smell of bacon and coffee filled the air. She looked back towards the kitchen. She was hungry. And the food did smell good...and she had no idea where she was. She took a deep breath and headed for the kitchen.

She stopped at the doorway. She smiled when she saw him. He was still in his boxers and tee shirt cooking for her. 

"Glad you stayed. Can I get you some coffee?" Chris asked without turning around. When he didn't get a response, he looked over his shoulder at her. Cat was leaning against the doorway. Their eyes met and she giggled as she quickly looked away. She could feel her skin flush.

"Sorry, I'm not used to having anyone else here," Chris said realizing he hadn't put on any more clothes. He hurried past her and headed to the bedroom.

"Sit," he said as he returned wearing a pair of jeans. "Breakfast is almost ready."

Cat took a seat at the table as he plated the food. "Thank you," she said as he placed a plate in front of her. She put her hand on his and gave it a gentle squeeze. "For everything."

Chris smiled at her and joined her at the table. There was an awkward silence. Cat couldn't take it anymore. "Chris? What happened last night?" She asked. "I'm a little embarrassed to admit I don't remember."

Chris chuckled. "Well," he began. "Let's just say you were making the most of your birthday celebration. By the time I got you out of there and to the car, you had all but passed out. I had no idea where you lived, so I brought you here and got you in to bed. Once I knew you would be ok, I crashed on the couch. Honestly, I didn't expect you to be up this early."

Cat's eyes never left her plate the entire time he was talking. She was too embarrassed to look at him. "I'm sorry I ruined your evening," she said.

"You didn't," he reassured her placing his hand on her arm. "It was your birthday. You were celebrating. Thank you for inviting me. I'm glad I got to spend it with you," he said reassuringly as he gave her hand a squeeze.

She looked at him and could see the sincerity in his eyes. That was the moment she knew for certain she wanted him. She needed him.

Cat leaned over and kissed him. Just a quick peck at first to gauge his reaction. What she got wasn't the reaction she had anticipated. She expected him to pull away. But instead, he pulled her back to him and kissed her passionately.

They broke their embrace. Without speaking a word, Cat took his hand and lead him back to the bedroom. She pushed him back on the bed and slowly she removed her blouse and skirt. She stood there in front of him in just her bra, panties and stockings. She could see the bulge in his pants staining to be released. She straddles him on the bed and pulled his tee shirt off over his head. She slowly ran her fingers down over his chest. Goose bumps formed on his skin. She could feel his cock twitching against her thigh through his jeans. She fumbled with his belt for a minute as she kissed him again, finally getting it unbuckled with his help. Cat didn't waste any more time. As soon as the belt was free, she unbuttoned his pants and in one swift move, she removed his pants and boxers. Chris lay on the bed, completely naked, his cock throbbing in anticipation of what was about happen. 

As quickly as she removed his clothes, Cat stripped off her bra and panties. Cat straddled him again. She leaned down to kiss him, teasing her dripping pussy as she did, rubbing it on his cock. It slid easily between her pussy lips. Chris grabbed her ass and spread it wide. "Damn it Cat, fuck me already!" He begged. 

Cat smiled. "He's cute when he's forceful," she thought. "You don't know how long I've been waiting to hear those words from you," she whispered as she slowly lowered herself on him. They simultaneous let out a moan of pleasure. Neither moved. Cat could feel his cock twitching inside her, Chris could feel her pussy rhythmically squeezing his cock. He closed his eyes, he felt like he was truly in heaven. 

Cat ran her fingers down his chest. He shivered. "Mmm, Cat, that feels good," he cooed. "Don't stop." She teased him a bit longer continuing to run her fingers down his chest, then his arms. She reached behind her and gently squeezed his balls. They tightened and Chris raised slightly off the bed, trying to bury himself deeper in her. "Damn it Cat!" He shouted in ecstasy. "FUCK ME!"

Cat smiled. She was wrong. He wasn't cute when he was forceful, he was hot! And she need to fuck him! She slowly started to raise and lower herself on his throbbing cock. God he felt good in her. Better then she had imagined those countless nights she lay in bed fingering herself thinking about him. Her pussy ached to be fucked hard. She couldn't deny herself, or him for that matter, pleasure any more. Cat picked up the pace, fucking him harder and faster. His cock was perfect in her, it hit all the right spots. She was going to cum, and going to cum soon. 

Her hand wandered to her clit. She began teasing it as she rode his cock. It was too much, she quickly went over the edge. Her pussy clenched tight on him as she came. Her body shook. It was the first time in a long time that she had a full body orgasm. The kind that takes your breath away. She collapsed on him, struggling to catch her breath, his cock escaped her pussy's grasp. Chris held her tight and kissed her tenderly. She hugged him, she never wanted to let him go. She could feel his hard cock between them. As much as she wanted him in her again, she just couldn't. Her pussy was just too sensitive. She kissed him before rolling off on him. She could see her cum on him, milky white. His cock was covered with it.

She looked at him. His eyes were closed, there was a smile on his face. He looked content. Cat was surprised by his selflessness. He was the first lover she had had that seemed content even though he didn't cum. She nestled her head on his chest. He stroked her hair. Cat lay there basking in the afterglow of her orgasm. Yet, she still felt guilty. Last night. This morning. Just now. Everything he did, he did it for her. This had been her best birthday, ever.

"Thank you," she whispered. "For everything. You are simply amazing!"

He kissed her on top of her head and they both drifted off to sleep.