 My name is Catherine Moncrieff. And if there was a word that implied more than hectically busy, that would be my life. I am a 23 year old woman, I am working on my Master's degree, I work 30 hours a week as a Secretary, and I have a 4 year old at home. My life is never my own. However, this particular night, it is the end of the semester, I have gotten my grades, and my son is staying with his grandparents for the weekend. Since it's Friday night, I doll myself up and decide that I need a night out. 

I have no idea where to go, so I drive downtown toward the harbor. I park my car in the parking deck and walk around a bit. I spot a Jazz club with a terrace that overlooks the water and decide to go in. As soon as I enter, the atmosphere engulfs me. This is not your usual Jazz club. The beat from the band is alive, deep, and mellow. However, the sensual way that the couples dance have filled the air with heady sexual tension. 

I sit down at the bar and order a Bay Breeze since I'm such a lightweight when it comes to alcoholic beverages. As I sip my drink and listen to the music, I begin to feel the tension of the last year begin to ease from my body. As I begin to ponder my schedule for the next week, a man sits down next to me. However, I am so involved with my drink that I don't even notice that he is one of my old professors. 

"Hello Catherine." He says. His voice deep and dark.

As I turn my head to see who has just spoken, I almost drop my glass when I see that it is Dr. Brody Jacobs. I took his Marketing class 2 years ago. The first 2 months of the semester I was a total mess. One look from Dr. Jacobs and I would cream my panties. Whenever he would fix his stare on me, I would squirm in my seat, trying to gain some semblance of relief. In the end, I switched to the online version of the class, else I would never have passed.

"Hello Dr. Jacobs." I replied, as nonchalant as I could manage.

He was positioned sideways on the stool, as if he only sat down to speak with me. 

"How have you been?" He asks.

"I am just fine Dr. Jacobs."

"Yes, Catherine. You are." He replied with cool certainty. Of what he was certain of, I had no idea. 

"Ha. I guess I walked into that one." I chuckle, clinking the ice in my glass. 

"Well you are, cliché as it may sound. I was quite shocked when you stopped attending class. Care to tell me why?"

"I had some personal issues Dr. Jacobs. So don't get your precious male teacher ego all in a knot." I quickly retort. 

"There is no need for all of that hostility Catherine. And please, you are no longer my student and we are not at school, please call me Brody."

Dr. Jacobs is so calm through this whole process. He just stares at me with a look of fire. I look directly into his eyes and can feel myself being drawn into their dark chocolate depths. It isn't until he tilts his head questioningly that I look away, turning back toward the bar and staring at my drink. 

"Also, my ego wasn't bruised. I wanted to know why the object of my fantasies all of a sudden disappeared from my class. I was rather disappointed that the girl I envisioned every time I stroked my cock was no longer around."

As he said this, I choked on my drink. I put the glass down, sputtering and coughing all over myself. As I grabbed a handful of napkins from the bar to catch the rest of my coughing spree, I feel a rather large hand softly land on my back, tapping slightly. My face burned with embarrassment. 

"She's alright. I've got her." Dr. Jacobs says as he waves off the bartender. 

"Come on. Let's get you some air." He says, as he uses his palm to guide me off the stool and outside on the patio. 

I am still coughing and slightly wheezing as I say, "You are very blunt Dr. Jacobs."

"Brody, Catherine." He growls out. "I told you to call me Brody. I am not your teacher anymore and I have absolutely no desire to be." As he says this, he moves to a lounge seat in the corner and has me sit next to him. 

"Yes, well...Brody, you are very blunt." I say, still gathering my breath. 

"Life is short, you should go after what you want." He says, sitting distractingly close to my body. 

"And what exactly do you want, Brody?" I ask, slightly turning my head to look at his face. In the dim light on the terrace it creates shadows on his face that make him even more delicious to look at. I haven't had sex in almost 3 years and my body is in desperate need of some good old fashioned lovin'. The more he stares at me with those dark chocolate eyes, the wetter my panties become. 

"I want you, Catherine."

"Yes, I understand. But exactly do you want from me?" I query. His face is now inches away from mine as he continues to stare at me. 

"Everything!" He says. He grasps my face and leans in to kiss me. His lips are tender and exploratory, as if he is waiting for me to respond. 

I jump up and walk over to the railing, in desperate need of gaining some distance from the predatory male right behind me. I run my tongue over my lips, reveling in that just kissed feeling. I stand at the railing and look out over the water. I close my eyes and take several deep breaths, trying to steady my heart beat. 

I have always been a good girl. I don't just run around kissing men I have never even dated. But this man, from day one he has set a thirst in my body that nothing appears to be able to quench, including my little magic wand I keep under my mattress. As I begin to take my 5th deep breath, instead of clean, fresh, salt water air, I receive air filled with the scent of his cologne. 

I have never been partial to scents on men, but this one is intoxicating. It wraps around my brain and takes away all sense of reason. Pussy juice floods my panties and I struggle not to outwardly moan. I can feel the goosebumps rising on my neck and arms, he is right behind me. 

"Catherine....."

"Please, just call me Cat. Catherine is just so...formal. And you make it sound...delicious." I say, trying to shake away the arousal that is threatening to override my rational thinking. I hear Brody chuckle behind me just before arms wrap around me. 

Brody is about 6' 3", so that makes him about 6 inches taller than me. He wraps his arm around my waist and bends slightly to whisper in my ear. 

"Catherine." He says in a deep and sultry voice. "Do you like the way I say your name, Catherine?"

"Yes." I say, as shudder in his arms. 

"Good. I like your honesty. You don't play games." He says, just before he presses his lips to my collar bone. 

This time, the arousal is too much to bear and I moan out loud. I hear Brody chuckle again as he slowly presses his lips over my collar bone and up the column of my neck. I tilt my head to the side and backward, resting it on his shoulder. As I hold on to the railing, Brody grips my body tighter to him. I close my eyes and relax, letting the sensations wash over me. 

My conscious mind recedes and lets my hormones take control. Tonight, I don't have to be in class in the morning, my son is taken care of for the weekend, and I have nothing that needs my attention at this moment. "I deserve this pleasure." I think to myself. Tonight, I'm letting go. 

"That's it, Cat. Just relax for me. Let me show you how good we can be." 

Brody inches his thumbs up the bottom edge of my shirt, his thumbs making slow circles up to my lace covered tits. He slips one hand beneath the fabric and cups my flesh. I shiver in his arms, my breath hitching. The contrast between the heat Brody has stoked within me and the cool night air is sobering. 

All of a sudden, I remember that we are outside a club and situated right near the water. Anyone that walks onto the terrace or passes by in a boat can see us. I jerk up and step away, back toward the benches we sat at before. As I sit down and try to find my self-control that seems to have deserted me, I watch Brody. 

He grips the railing in front of him and is breathing deeply, as if he was trying to regain control. I see him run his hand through his hair before he turns and walks back to where I am. 

"I apologize that I moved to fast. You just...damn!" He says chuckling. "I lose my head when I'm with you."

"Same here." I counter, smiling. "Anyone could have walked out and seen us." I say, laughing.

Abruptly, Brody stops laughing and pins me with another of his deep soul searing looks. 

"Now here I am worried that I moved to fast for you, but all you were concerned about was that someone would see?" he questioned.

Losing all of my humor, I stared at the bench. "I'm not this girl Brody. I'm not the girl you just pick up at the bar, have a good night with and then disappear on in the morning. I'm sorry."

"You have nothing to be sorry for, Cat. You shouldn't change anything about yourself for anyone. But if it's any consolation..." Brody says, before using a finger to lift my face to look directly in his eyes. "I don't want you for just one night. If this is a fling, then we should let it run its course. But I think this is more. And I hope you will give us a chance to fine out."

As I look in Brody's eyes, I can see the emotion in them. He wants my body, yes. But he also wants ME. And since I am free for the weekend, I think he deserves a chance to show me. 

"Look, my life is crazy. As if a child and school wasn't enough, I work as well. Do you really think I will have time for us? Because I won't sacrifice time with my son, Brody. That is non-negotiable."

"Do you mean you are actually considering this?" Brody says, a hopeful gleam in his eyes. 

"You have the weekend to convince me. It won't be easy. I have walls Brody. Walls that are meant to protect me from getting hurt again. My sons father..... Never mind. We shouldn't do this. I should go."

I get up and move to walk past Brody, but his hand shoots out and catches my wrist. He holds it there. Not pulling or squeezing, just letting me decide. I stand still. Not moving forward or back, just staring at his hand. Just slightly, I begin to feel a slight tug and I let myself be pulled into Brody's lap. I sit on his knee and stare at my hands clasped in my lap. Neither of us say anything. 

Eventually, Brody moves his hand up my back, rubbing slow circles across my shoulder blades. "I know you have been hurt Catherine. I have seen it in your eyes. I saw the tears you tried to hide in class. Every time I would see them I wanted to pulverize the person who would dare to make such a caring, strong, and beautiful woman that sad. Even now I see the hesitation in your eyes. I just want you to trust me not to hurt you. Do you...can you....trust me?"

"I think...."

"No!" Brody says forcefully. "I don't want you to think. You think too much. I want you to feel, Catherine. Tell me what you feel."

"Yes." I say quietly. "I feel that I can trust you."

"Good." Brody says, nuzzling my face. 

"But I also feel something else." I say, wiggling in his lap to demonstrate what I mean. His arms tighten around me as he growls in my ear. 

"Stop that or I will not be responsible for what happens next."

"What are you going to do, spank me?" I laugh. 

"Hmm. That does sound like a good idea. But I think we'll save that for another time."

Suddenly, one of his hands is drifting up my leg. My long skirt covers his hand as it travels further up my leg. 

"Brody!" I hiss. "Someone will see!"

"I don't care, Catherine."

I shudder at the dark intonations he puts on my name. When his fingers brush my panty covered mound, I let out a half sigh half moan. 

"So wet and all mine." He says before sucking in an ear lobe. 

My earlier concerns now abandoned, I slightly part my legs to grant him better access. It's as if he know which of my buttons to push. I wrap my arm around his neck for more stability as he continues to lick and suck on my neck and ear lobe. After reaching my cunt, Brody nudges my panties to the side and slides a finger into my wetness. I moan my appreciation and squeeze my thighs around his hand. 

"Fuck!" I hear him exclaim. Swiftly, Brody removes his fingers, places both hands on the chair, and slides us backward into the furthest corner, darkness covering us. Quickly, Brody wraps his arm around my thigh, grabs my ass, and turns me so that I straddle his body. I am so shocked from the sudden movement of the chair, that I barely even registered being moved. 

When I finally get my bearings, I am straddling Brody's lap, my arms around his neck, my skirt pushed up to my waist, his hands gripping my ass cheeks, and pushing me into his ever growing erection. We both softly pant as arousal courses through our veins. I take several deep breaths, trying to ground myself. 


"Stop!" Brody commands. "Don't think. Just feel." He says, rocking my body against him. 

I nod my head, take a deep breath, close my eyes, and let myself go. I moan as my soaked panties rake across his jean covered cock. I feel his hands leave me, but I continue to rock against him anyway. He leans forward and whispers in my ear, "Hold still." I stop moving and feel cold metal against my hip. I inhale sharply as I hear a snip on both sides of me. Slowly, Brody shows me the small scissors on his keychain multi-tool. 

Once the tool flips away, he slowly pulls my panties forward, dragging them across my aching wet slit. He pulls them free and stuffs them in his pocket. 

"Those are mine." He says with a smile. 

I am too aroused to care at this moment. I continue to rub my now naked cunt over his jeans, the friction driving me crazy. I am in my own world when I faintly hear a zipper. Suddenly, I can feel flesh nudging right at my entrance. I am mewling and moaning now, begging Brody to end my misery. 

"SSShhhhh!" He says into my ear. "You have to be quiet or someone will find us."

At this point I am beyond caring. My body is in sensory overload and I am just missing one piece to be able to tip over the edge. Brody reaches back into his pocket, pulling out my panties.

"Open!" He says. 

I comply and he shoves my panties in my mouth. I can taste my own arousal and it filters through all of my senses. Brody pulls my body to his chest, my head cradled between his neck and his shoulder. He positions himself at my entrance and lets me take control. 

I slowly make my decent, his cock head stretching me open. I must have been going too slowly, because before I knew what was happening, Brody gripped my hips and slammed me down. I screamed around the gag in my mouth, pleasure making me dizzy. We stayed like that for several seconds before I began to move, pistoning my hips up and down, over and over again. 

I threw my head back to the sky, arched my back, and held on to Brody. He used his hands to lift up my shirt, his mouth finding my nipple through the lacy fabric. All it took was him biting down on one to make me cum. I screamed around the panties in my mouth, my fingernails digging into Brody's shoulders. 

All of my muscles squeeze tightly at the same time, sending shudders through my body. Finally, I slump against Brody and try to return my breathing to normal. I can still feel him deep inside me, throbbing with his rapid pulse. I can feel him straightening my clothes. My hair has fallen like a curtain around my face and he sweeps it all to one side. 

"Come on my Kitty Cat. We need to go. We seem to have attracted some attention."

At this, I sweep my head up and rush to right our clothes in morbid embarrassment. When I get up and turn around, there is a couple leaning on a wall about 15 ft from us. The woman has her back to his front and he sucks her neck and fingers her while she watches us. 

"Please, don't stop on our account." The woman says. "We haven't had this much fun in ages." She says, laughing softly. 

I am utterly mortified and can barely form a coherent sentence. Thankfully, Brody speaks up. 

"If it's all the same to you mam, I would much rather continue our little rendezvous somewhere a bit more private. Unfortunately we just got a bit carried away." He chuckles. "We will leave you two to...continue. Have a wonderful evening."

"You as well." The woman responds. 

"Oh, I definitely intend to." Brody replies as he guides me toward the terrace exit. 

Through the whole interaction, I could do nothing but look at the ground as my entire face flamed to fire. 

Once we were away from the couple, I realized that Brody was heading toward the marina entrance, not back toward the street. 

"Brody? Where are we going? I thought we were going back to your house?"

"Eager to get me in bed, huh?"

"No....well yes but...oh dear god what have I done. I don't even know you and I just had SEX with you outside of a damn jazz club!" 

Brody pulled us to a stop and back me up against the wall of a nearby building. Grasping my hand, he forcefully placed it over his cock. 

"This is what you do to me woman. I could have kept going, I could have made you scream many times over and taken my own pleasure too. But for your sake, I thought you might want something a bit more private. Do not question what you feel. Just feel it. Now....do you want this....or not. Because once we get to my house, there is no going back Kitty Cat. I won't force you into something you don't want, but I have a feeling that you do want this, but your heart has been hurt, and you are leery of these feelings."

I stare at Brody for several moments before I nod my assent. "Yes, I want you. I want this."

"Good." He says, grabbing my hand. We walk into the marina and stop at a boat. A boat named 'The Kitty Cat'. I am staring in awe and wonderment when Brody turns to me. 

"Last chance, when I sail out of here, I will not come back until Sunday. Will you give me the weekend to show you how much I want you?"

"The boat..." I begin. "How did you name the boat?"

He smiles and looks at me with a cross of love and lust. I got this boat a year ago, about a month after you disappeared from my class. I sold my house and bought a house boat. Since I couldn't have you, I named the boat after you. You go everywhere with me Cat.

With tears in my eyes, I wrap my arms around his neck kiss him deeply. He wraps me up in his arms and squeezes me to him. As I pull away, I look deep into his eyes. 

"So where are we going?" I say, grinning from ear to ear. 

"The middle of the ocean. So you can scream as loud as you need to." He says, bearing a predatory grin. 

We board the boat and he begins to prepare to take off. As he fires the engine, I sidle up next to him. 

"You know, I believe that there is a problem." I say, Brody glancing at me nervously. I saunter up behind him and wrap my arms around his waist, laying my head against his shoulder blade. Slowly, I reach my hand into his pants and cup his cock and balls. "You never got to cum. We should remedy that." I say. I walk around and kneel in front of him, careful not to impede his steering. I unbuckle his pants and slide down the zipper. As I look up at him, he smiles big and wide. 

"This is going to be an amazing weekend." Brody says before thrusting the boat into gear.