 As we cruise out of the Marina area, Brody stands at the helm and I kneel on a padded cushion in front of him. The walls of the boat are high enough that no one we pass on the shore would ever know what was going on just below Brody's waist. 

"Is this ok?" I ask, looking at Brody for confirmation. 

"Damn straight it is!" Brody says laughingly. "Who wouldn't think so?"

"My ex." I respond quietly. Brody stops laughing and places his hand on my head, caressing my cheek. "He said it was dirty. That it made me a common whore and I might as well just go sell myself on the street instead of bringing that into our bed." I hear the boats engine sidle down. Brody lifts me to my feet and looks into my eyes. 

"Nothing that ever happens between us during sexy time will ever make you a prostitute. Now I may call you a whore or slut during our play..." Brody says with a smile. "But that is just because I know you are mine."

"Ok." I respond sheepishly, smiling. I return to my knees and begin to unbuckle his pants. 

"You don't have to do this if you don't want to." I hear Brody say above me. 

"Oh but I do. I want to do this.....very badly."

I unzip his pants and am delighted that there are no boxers to fumble with. I pull his cock out and it stands at half mast, bobbing in front of me. Tentatively, I reach out with my tongue and lick the head. I hear Brody inhale sharply. I settle myself more comfortably on the cushion and wrap my mouth around it. 

I hold just the head of Brody's cock in my mouth as I caress his ball sack with my hand. I roll them around, feeling the weight of each one. Brody's cock is ever hardening in my mouth. I bob my head down and later it with my saliva. I pull back so that I can nibble and suck down his length. 

Suddenly, Brody grabs my hair and forces me to look up at him. 

"Suck me. Stop teasing." He growls out. I smile, loving the fact that I could affect him so much. 

"Yes, Sir." I say, laughing. He lets go of my hair but keeps his hand firmly on the back of my head. I swirl my tongue around once more before quickly taking the entire length into my mouth. 

"Yessss." I hear Brody hiss. 

I keep him inside of my mouth, using my throat muscles to massage his head. I quickly bob up and down his length again. Then, after he is nice and coated, I use one hand to hold the base and I suckle his head like it's my last meal on earth. I pump my hand up and down his shaft in time with the sucking motions on his cock. 

"Ohhhh fuck Yesss." Brody grunts. With one hand on my head and the other on the steering wheel, he pumps into my mouth and releases his seed down my throat. 

I lick him slowly as he continues to drive the boat. He slowly softens in my mouth as I clean him. Finally satisfied, I stand up and kiss him on the cheek before walking away. As I walk past him, he swats my ass firmly. 

"That was for teasing." He says with a smile. 

I chuckle and go to sit in one of lounge chairs. As I curl into the comfort of the chair, I stare at the sky. We have moved away from the city and the lights are far behind us. Darkness is everywhere. It is all around. The only light comes from the half-moon and the safety lights on Brody's boat. 

As I stare at the stars in the sky, I ponder how quickly things change in life. Before tonight, I had no hope of romantic prospects and I was stressed to my core. Now, as I relax under the night sky, the soft rocking of the boat beneath me, I feel totally relaxed and safe. The man I yearned after all those years ago wants to try and be with me. I just might let him. 

These are the last thoughts I can remember as I close my eyes. 

**********************************

(Brody)

I cut the motor to the boat and drop the anchor. Since we are in the middle of nowhere, I keep the safety lights on in case any other boats drive by. After securing the boat, I stand and stretch for a minute before I go in search of Cat. She's not the type to just wander around, so I figure she must still be topside. 

As I head toward the back of the boat, I can hear snoring. I smile as I find her curled up in a lounge chair, hair draped over her face. She is curled into a ball, seemingly cold. So, I grab a blanket and drape it over her. 

She looks almost angelic with the moon shining down on her. I kneel beside her and stare, mesmerized by her. She isn't one of those thin little waifs that always try to hang around after class to entice me into giving them a grade they don't really deserve. No, she works hard at everything. 

Awake, her eyes always look haunted, clouded by the past that is hard for her to shake off. Asleep, all of the pain is gone. Her eye lashes rest lightly against her cheek and all of the tension in her forehead has gone. I'm cocky enough to think I had something to do with that. 

I smile to myself as I kiss her cheek. I tuck her hair behind her ear as I whisper, "My Kitty Cat. All mine."

She lightly stirs as I kiss her lightly on the lips, rolling over onto her back. This makes the blanket ride up as she stretches out her legs. I move to kneel in front of her and I slowly run my hands up the outside of her legs. When I reach her hips, I grab and slowly pull her to the edge of the chair. 

"Ummmmm." She moans

She starts to wake but I smooth my hands over her hips and waist, trying to lull her back to sleep. She is still sans panties and I can feel the heat wafting up from her puss. I slowly lift the blanket and push up her skirt. I need to taste her, I need to taste her now. 

************************************

(Cat)

Warm. Warm and wet. As I slowly wake from my brain fog, the night events come crashing back to me. Pleasure. I feel pleasure too, centering right on my clit. 

"Oh god!" I moan. I sit up and am met with the sexiest thing I have ever seen. Brody's face is smeared with my juice, his hair is rumpled from being under my skirt, and his eyes are sparkling with the light from the moon. 

"Hello beautiful." He says, smile wide on his face. 

"Hi." I say, sleep still clouding my voice. "Where are we?"

"Exactly where I promised you. Middle of nowhere. But if you want a little more accurate description, we are about 12 miles from shore."

"Ummm. I like 12 miles from shore. It comes with complimentary oral wake up calls." I say, lying back on the lounger. 

"Oh really? Well there are rules 12 miles from shore Miss Catherine."

The way he says my name floods my cunt with another rush of juice. 

"And what would those be Mr. Brody?"

"No clothes allowed and have fun." He replied, grinning from ear to ear. 

"Well..." I say, standing up. "If no clothes are allowed, I better get rid of these." I shimmy out of my skirt and quickly pull my shirt over my head before I lose my nerve. I pop the back of the bra and throw it down with the rest. I am now naked in front of Brody while he still kneels in front of me. 

He isn't saying anything and my earlier confidence begins to shrink. "What if he doesn't like big women? Will he care about my stretch marks? My boobs sag too much. I should cover back up." All of these things go through my mind and I try to grab for my clothes. Brody's hand shoots out to stop me.

"What are you doing? No clothes allowed, remember?" He says with a smirk. 

"Well I thought...I thought maybe once you saw me....I should cover up."

"No! Do not cover a single thing. I want you just....like....this." He says, punctuating each word with a kiss to my thighs. 

I sigh, some of my confidence returning to me. Brody continues to kiss my legs. He wraps his hands around me to cup my hips and ass. He kneads and squeezes me as he kisses and licks and sucks. I thread my finger through his hair, loving the caring touches he is giving. 

Suddenly, Brody stands up and drops his shorts. I am mesmerized by the bobbing cock in front of me. I reach out to touch it but Brody grabs my hand. 

"Not yet. Right now, it's about you. Come on, let's go below. You are shivering and I fully intend to warm you up."

Grabbing my hand, he walks off toward the stairs that lead below. As we walk through the galley area, I can see that this is indeed a house boat. He has a full kitchen, bathroom, and a sizeable bedroom. He guides me to the bed, flips back the covers, and has me lay in the middle. 

I can feel my confidence falling again and close my legs and fold my arms over my chest. 

"Why are you hiding your body from me Cat?"

"I am not like the other girls you talk with in class. I have a mommy body. Complete with fat, and stretch marks, and saggy tits from breast feeding. You won't like the way I look. You may tolerate it at first, but eventually it will disgust you."

Quickly, I feel a hand yank my chin so that I am looking directly at Brody. 

"Don't you ever say that again! Do you understand Catherine? You don't get to tell me what I do and do not like. You do not talk down about yourself. I want you. Do you understand that? I didn't pick up one of those girls at the club, I want you. Those skinny little twats weren't the ones I was thinking about when I was rock hard behind my lecture podium in class. They weren't the ones who I fantasized about every day while I jerked off. It was your mouth I envisioned around my cock, your face I saw contorted with pleasure as I made you cum with my mouth, your body that I wanted to touch and kiss as you rode me hard. I WANT YOU WOMAN!"

I swallow hard and slowly nod my head. I can feel the elation sweep though me, but I am still nervous. 

"I know what you need." Brody announces. He gets up and goes to a closet and retrieves a black tie. "Do you trust me?"

I slowly nod my assent and he secures the tie around me eyes.

"Now scoot back and lie down." He commands. 

I lie back and immediately relax into the bed. It is the most comfortable thing I have ever slept on and the sheets feel like silk. I sigh and try to relax my mind. 

"I want you to grab the headboard, and I don't want you to move your hands, no matter what I do, understand?

"Yes."

"Good. Now just relax, and enjoy."

I can feel my legs being spread. I try to relax and just let Brody do his thing. There is a mouth on my inner thigh, sucking and nibbling. 

"You may be nervous, but damn if you aren't wet as a lagoon in the rainy season."

I smile and murmur a small "ummm," but it is hard to concentrate on speaking words when Brody's tongue is doing delicious things to me. 

"You taste so damn good." He says. 

I feel my legs go up and over his shoulders. His tongue reaches out and takes a long lick up my slit before diving between my folds. I moan and my legs tighten around his head. 

"Don't forget, do not let go of the headboard." Brody reminds me. 

I grip the headboard harder to stop from grabbing his hair. My body is on fire. He slowly kisses his way up my body, licking and sucking. He stops and draws a nipple into his mouth, biting is ever so softly. 

"Yessss." I hiss in response. I arch my chest further up, silently wishing that he would suck harder. He switches nipples, giving the other the same treatment. His body is positioned right on top of mine and I can feel his erection throbbing between us. He wraps his arms around my waist and continues to give my tits all of his attention. 

Giving each one its turn, he sucks and bites all over them, drawing each moan from me. Suddenly, I feel pressure on both nipples, and it's getting stronger. 

"Oh for heaven sake! WHAT is THAT!?!?! Oh! Dear god that is amazing." I exclaim. 

"No." He whispers into my ear. "My name is not God, its Brody." I can hear the smile in his voice. He quickly kisses my lips before continuing to lick and suck my torso, making his way back down between my thighs. 

"By the way, what you're feeling, that would be my version of nipple clamps, basically padded binder clips. Now, lay back, and enjoy."

Just as my head returns to the pillow, Brody sucks my clit into his mouth. 

"Ahhh Fuck!" I yell. 

"That's it baby. Be as loud as you want. We have all night."

Brody puts my leg back on his shoulders and inserts his tongue into my hot, juicy love channel, licking and suck up every drop of cunt juice he can. I am delirious. I thrash my head back and forth, trying to prolong the sensations that Brody is pulling out of my body. 

"Brody, please. Don't make me cum yet."

"Well I declare. Never has a woman told me not to make her cum." He say, humor light in his voice. 

"I can never cum more than once in several hours. I have never been able to. I want to cum with you inside of me."

"Sweetheart, I don't know who you have been fucking, but I can guaran-damn-tee you that you are going to cum many times. Like I said, just enjoy." 

Brody goes back to feasting on me like a man possessed, driving me higher and higher. 

"Brody....Brody....BRODY! OH FUCK YES! FUCK! FUCK! FUCK! OH...Oh.....oh......ohhhhhhh yeaaaa. That's nice." I say, relaxing back onto the bed. I feel the bed dip as Brody comes to rest beside me. He trails his hands up and down my body. The soft contact feels wonderful and relaxes me right down. 

"You are so damn beautiful when you cum. Come here." Brody says. He wraps his arm around my waist and shifts me so that he is now in the middle of the bed and I am straddling his body. He removes my blindfold and the sight that greets me is gorgeous. 

The light from the moon filters right into the porthole window and emblazes the bed in a soft, ethereal glow. Brody's hands are on my hips and his eyes are looking directly at me like he can see right into me. His cock is rock hard and sits between us, hot and throbbing. 

"It's your show Catherine. What do you want?"

"I want this." I say, positing myself over his member before shoving it inside me in one swift motion. 

"Oh fuck yea!" Brody exclaimed, as he gripped my hips in his hands. "Ride me baby."

I place my hands on his chest and slowly undulate my hips up and down. He closes his eyes and I stop. 

"Do not stop Kitty Cat. Please do not stop."

"Are you sure it's me you want riding you, or is it someone else you are imagining?"

Abruptly, Brody's eyes flew open and he turned us over, pinning me beneath him. My breath flew out of me in a whoosh. His cock never even left my body. 

"Didn't I express that you were to have no more doubt about who I want in my bed? I want you."

He punctuated his statement with a hard thrust into my body. 

"Ah!" I screamed

"I want you to understand me this time Catherine." He said thrusting again. "I want you!" THRUST. "Only you!" THRUST. 

My eyes have begun to roll back in my head, pleasure mounting in my loins. I grip Brody's shoulders to hold on for the ride he's giving me. Every single time he thrusts, he bottoms out in my cunt, shaking my whole body. This mainly has an effect on my tits. With every thrust the clamps shake. It pulls my nips tight and releases another gush of pussy juice. 

"Look at me Cat." Brody says softly. "I want you. So so so much I want you."

I can feel the steady build of my orgasm again. I can't believe that I am about to cum again. Brody shifts back and brings me into his lap, his cock still embedded in my body. Smoothing my wild hair back, he stares directly into my eyes. 

"If I told you I loved you, you wouldn't believe me and you would probably run from me. So feel, listen to your heart, listen to your body, and feel."

Slowly, Brody rocks us back and forth on the bed in time with the waves on the water. My orgasm builds and simmers just below the surface. When Brody kisses me, sucking on my bottom lip and teasing it with his tongue, I am lost. I wrap my arms around him and drown in all the love he gives to my body. 

When Brody reaches between us to circle my clit with his thumb, I shatter in his arms. I scream my release, digging my fingernails into his back, I'm sure. I can only faintly hear him groan his own release, but I feel it. I feel the warm cum splatter deep inside, driving my orgasm longer. I must be hurting his back, but he holds onto me, whispering in my ear. 

"I've got you, I've got you. Shhh. It's ok."

I collapse against his shoulder, trying to regain control of my breathing. It isn't until I can breathe regularly that I realize I am crying. Tears of joy, of relief, of elation. I lean back away from Brody's shoulder. He cups my face and uses his thumbs to wipe my tears. 

"Please don't cry, Kitty Cat."

"I'm ok." I sniffle. "Just exhausted." I offer with a smile. "You are amazing Dr. Jacobs."

"As are you Ms. Moncrieff."

"Oh no! Please don't call me that." I say with a giggle. 

"Fair is fair. I told you no more Dr. Jacobs."

"Fine! No more Dr. Jacobs."

********************************************

(Brody)

She looks so beautiful sitting in my lap. I'm amazed at how this goddess of a woman has not been snatched up yet. Her eyes are beginning to drift closed, so I lay her down on the bed. As I shift to lay beside her, I notice the clamps still on. 

"Let's get these off huh?" I ask. 

A drowsy "Umhm", is all I get before she starts drifting off. 

As I move to remove the first clamp, I notice a creamy substance around the clamp. Upon inspection of the other side, it is around that one too. 

"No!" I think to myself. "She can't be lactating. Her child is too old." In disbelief I stare at the substance until I decide to remove the clamp. I quickly attach my mouth so that I can ease the pain that comes with their removal. However, I am quickly rewarded with the sweet luscious nectar that only a nursing woman can produce. 

With the first suck I receive a mouth full of Cat's milk. I am quickly intoxicated. However, after only 3 tugs, that tit is dry. I remove the second clamp and give the next side the same treatment. She never even wakes up. She just mumbles in her sleep. 

"So good Brody. So good."

"Oh yes. It is very good sweetheart. And I fully intend to get more tomorrow."