 There had been flirtations back and forth all night; slight caresses of an arm or side of the breast...a hand lingering on a thigh for a tad too long and a bit too high up...at one point when I thought no one was looking, I leaned in like I was going to whisper something to you but instead licked the curve of your ear. By the time we get to the car, we are both so turned on that we spend a good five minutes leaning against the car kissing and caressing. Finally, you open my door to let me in and rush around to the driver side. 

 As we are driving, you take the flirting up a notch by reaching over and slowly caressing my thigh, getting closer and closer to the edge of my dress. As you fingers begin to slide under my dress, I move my hips a little further down on the seat and slightly part my legs. I have my arm draped across the back of your seat and am lazily caressing the back of your neck as you drive. 

 The feeling of your hand getting closer and closer to my center has made me very wet. I rest my head against the seat, when you look over you notice my chest rising and falling rapidly with each excited intake of breath. I open my legs even more just as I feel you touch the outside of my lips. You're not surprised to find that I'm not wearing underwear but it still causes your breath to catch. You feel the heat emanate from my pussy, making your cock even harder than it already is. I can't hold back a moan as I feel you fingers spread my lips apart and you begin to flick my clit back and forth. 

 My hand slides from your neck to your lap and I stroke the outline of your cock as it presses against the material of your pants, a small wet spot has begun to form. My other hand has snaked up to my chest and I begin squeezing my breasts, making my nipples stand out so I can pinch them. You are going back and forth from rubbing my clit to inserting a finger into my pussy. 

 You can tell from the sounds I'm making that you are bringing me closer and closer to the edge. Just as I think I can't take it any longer, you pull into the driveway and stop the car. I am on edge and am wondering why you stopped what you were doing. 

 You lean over quickly to kiss me and open my door. "Let's finish this inside." 

 As I shakily get out of the car, I notice you put your finger into your mouth to lick my juices off. 

 We stumble into the house, kissing and fumbling with clothes. By the time we make it half way through the room, I've already got your shirt unbuttoned and your belt undone. I am trying to unbutton your pants but you push me up against the atrium door with my back to the yard, putting your hands on my arms so I can't lift them. 

 You begin kissing my neck and shoulders as I squirm trying to touch you. Slowly you work your way to the top of my breasts and kiss them lightly as you squeeze them together. You tell me to lift my dress, and kick my feet a little further apart as your hand finds my clit again. I'm panting and it's getting harder to focus, each time I reach out to touch you, you push my hands back to the window. 

 Working your way down my body, you end kneeling in front of me and I can feel your hot breath on my lips. As I try pushing your head to me you again grab my hands and place them against my side. I'm so turned on that I have thrust my hips towards you, causing my clit to peek out. 

 I feel your touch on my legs as you lean in and quickly flick your tongue out, causing me to jump and whimper. You moan into my pussy and begin flicking your tongue back and forth as you separate my lips for better access. As you suck my clit into your mouth and work your tongue over it, you slip your middle finger into my pussy and begin slowly pumping in and out. I have begun rocking my hips slightly to meet each thrust, enjoying the extra stimulation. You pace quickens and you begin crooking your finger, finding my G-spot which gets another moan out of me. My legs begin shaking and I can feel the pressure building. I can't seem to keep myself from thrusting my hips towards you but you are able to keep up. 

 Suddenly, I cry out and begin shaking as you feel my pussy contract on your finger. My hair is hanging over my face, ears ringing and thighs shaking as you softly lick a few last times causing sharp intakes of breath. You stand up and give me a crushing kiss, making me smell and taste myself which only turns me on even more. As you pull away you notice I have a wicked smile on my face and know that now, it's your turn.

 I lean in and kiss you hard again. I tear your shirt off and run my hands down your chest making sure to pinch and twist your nipples as I work my way down to your pants. As your pants drop to your ankles and you step out of them I order you to sit on the couch. While you sit with your cock hard and resting against your stomach, I make sure you have a perfect view of me while I strip off my dress and slowly take off my bra. 

 I am now naked and make a show of caressing my breasts with my legs slightly spread, causing your cock to twitch. You lean forward, trying to grab me but I don't want to rush so I push you back against the couch. I straddle your knees and sit as far from your cock as I can. I want to tease you a bit before going any further.

 As we kiss, you alternate putting your hands through my hair and running them down my back. I turn your head and kiss your neck working my way to your ear, as I breathe around it I notice goosebumps travel down that side of your body, causing another cock twitch. I finally wrap my hands around you and give you a few strokes just to hear you sigh and watch as you lean your head back. Getting off your knees I spread your legs and kneel between them. 

 With one hand pressing against your chest and another one encircling your cock, I lean in and flick my tongue across the tip. I palm your cock, flatten my tongue and slowly lick you from the base to the tip, wetting all sides of you. 

 Finally, I open my mouth and take almost 3/4 of your cock down my throat. My lips meet my fingers that are now wrapped around the base and I begin sliding my mouth and fingers up and down your cock in a slow rhythm. As I'm going up and down you can feel my tongue, working around the tip, adding even more stimulation. With my other hand, I cup your balls and gently squeeze them. I can hear your breathing become more ragged and you now have you hand on the back of my head. You're trying so hard not to push my head down, afraid that you may hurt or gag me. 

 Taking this cue, I open my throat as wide as I can and take as much of you as possible until my lips are finally at the base of your cock and my nose is against your stomach. I begin swallowing and using my throat muscles to massage your cock and enjoy hearing you whimper. When I come up for a breath, a trail of saliva and pre-cum stays attached only adding to the lubrication. I do this a few more times until I feel your hips beginning to buck. You tell me you're going to cum if I keep it up.

 Although that is obviously my goal, I have other plans so I give you cock a few more strokes then stand up and swiftly sit on your lap. You can feel my wet lips and some of my pussy hair tickling your cock, all you want to do is fuck me but I'm just out of reach. I'm having too much fun teasing you while I kiss you passionately and rub my breasts against your chest and face. You take one of my nipples into your mouth and I feel your hand sneak around me to press a finger against my ass. 

 Finally, I sit up and taking your cock I lower myself onto you in one smooth motion. You groan and grab my hips as I begin to bounce on your lap. We work into a good rhythm that quickly has us both panting. I love the full feeling of having you all the way in me but want a little bit more stimulation, so I decide to try a position I've never done before. 

 Without warning, I climb off you and tell you to move your hips closer to the edge of the couch then I turn around and lower myself on you so that I am facing out, providing easier access to my clit. You hold my hips and begin pumping in me while I lean back and put both my arms behind me for support. You feel amazing in this position and we are both enjoying the pace. 

 As you're fucking me and getting more comfortable with the position, I feel your hand move off my hip and reach up to fondle my breast. You squeeze my nipple so hard my pussy contracts and I cry out. You're getting closer to cumming and have picked up the pace. You want to feel me cum while you're inside me so when the pace gets to the point where you can't take much more, you reach around the front of me to find my clit. I moan as you begin to rub my clit in time with your fucking. I can hear you grunting with the effort its taking for you to hold back.

 Suddenly, I cum when your other hand sharply tweaks my nipple, causing me to fall over the edge. Feeling me contract on your cock and hearing my cries, you cum with one last pump and cry of your own. As we both come down from the high of fucking, I rest myself against your chest and we sit like that for a few minutes while you slowly grow soft inside of me.