 My wife and I have been married for ten years. We love each other very much. Unfortunately, my wife had become disinterested in my sexual needs, or maybe she just lost interest. My sex drive however, was as strong as if I were eighteen years old. I maintained a monogamous relationship in spite of the situation for the ten years. My eye had been wandering for several years but I never had the courage to jeopardize the relationship I felt I had worked so long and hard to build. That was, at least, until I met Kitty.

Kitty was a young, beautiful, adventurous, girl I had met at work. Our relationship started as just casual conversation. One thing led to another and before we knew it we were passionate lovers. We would sneak off at lunch or on an occasional weekend to make hot passionate love. Kitty realized my situation at home and was always very understanding, patient, and undemanding. She was happy with our sex and expected nothing more.

One cold February afternoon, I used poor judgment and brought Kitty to my house for a roll in the sack. Making love to Kitty was always a long slow process. Lots of kissing and soft touching that slowly lead to hot, steamy, loud and hard screwing. Kitty and I were well on our way to our second orgasm when I thought I heard the front door open. My wife was not due in until later that evening. We paused for a moment, not wanting to loose the orgasm we had worked towards. We listened for a moment, and did not hear a sound, so we continued our love making. As we came, Kitty was screaming "Oh Yes, Fuck Me, Yes, Fuck Me Hard, Oh Yes." In between the "Oh yes, Fuck me harders" I heard the front door slam with a loud crash. In a panic Kitty got up and was on her way out the window half dressed. I got up, tried to stuff my swollen cock into some pants, and went to see who had come in. To my surprise, the house was empty.

That evening my wife came in on schedule as expected. She was pleasant and friendly as usual. We had our normal dry conversation and dinner. After dinner the wife retired to the couch with a book, and I to our room for a much needed good nights sleep.

The next morning, when I got up, there was only a note on the couch where I had last seen my wife the night before. The note read something like this: "You have been bad and must be punished. You love me, I know you do. But, you must pay for your infidelity. I will not be home tonight. If you want me back, you will do the following things perfectly, with out question. 1) Take off from work tomorrow. 2) Go to the store and buy a dog collar big enough to fit around your neck, and leather leash to attach to your collar. 3) Buy a training whip or belt you want to be punished with. 4) After you have these things, go home and clean the house from top to bottom. Don't forget to wash those dirty sheets. After the house is clean, cook me dinner, and have it on the table at 6:00 p.m. sharp. Take a shower and give your self an enema, be clean from your head to your toes. Blind fold yourself, put your collar on, and wait for me, naked and on your knees, by the front door. Absolutely, do not speak to me when I come in. Any resistance from you will only compromise any reconciliation."

The entire day I was tormented by my wife's note. I called every place she would normally be, but I could not reach her. That night I did not sleep a wink. The next day, I took off the day off from work and did exactly as I had been instructed.

The house was clean and dinner was ready. The wine had been chilled. I waited, naked, on my knees, at the door blindfolded, just as I had been instructed. Finally, after what seemed like hours the door opened.

She walked in and said "Do not look at me or speak to me with out my permission. Take off your blind fold. Now go and pour me a glass of wine, and role me a joint. Put them on the coffee table and return to your position." My wife went to the bedroom and closed the door. I went about the task she had assigned and returned to my position by the door. A few minutes later I heard the bedroom door open and my wife move about the room. She had lit her joint and was walking about the house inspecting the cleaning job I had done. After a few minutes I felt her presence next to me. She said, "You have done a fair job cleaning up, but not good enough. Put my dinner on the table and return to your position" I did as I was told, with some apprehension and anxiety then awaited my next task.

As I sat by the front door, I could not help but think what an erotic situation I was in. I tried not to allow my cock to get hard but it was hopeless. I could hear my wife eating the dinner I had prepared, and wondered what would come next. About that time, she noticed my erection, and in a stern voice said, "you will regret that hard on you ass hole, where is your leash and whip?" "In the bedroom" I responded. "Bring them to me you bastard and keep your eyes lowered when you do" she said. "May I remove my blindfold to find them?" I asked. "Yes but be quick about it" she said. When I brought her my leash I could not help but look at her. The vision was more erotic than I had imagined.

She was dressed in black. Her long dark hair was pulled tight in a ponytail above her head. Her makeup was thick and enhanced her dark angry eyes. She wore a black, biker style jacket tied at the waist, but open in the front, revealing a tight black satin bra and the sensuous skin of her chest and tummy. Her panties were black and crotchless worn over a black garter supporting sheer black hose. Her slender feet were encased in black stiletto heals. She was a true vision of sensuality and power. I felt nervous and excited.

As I approached her with the leash in hand, she caught me gazing at her. I tried to look away before she saw me but it was too late. She was instantly very angry. "How dare you look at me without my permission! On your knees! NOW!" she said. As I dropped to my knees, she pulled the leash from my hand and proceeded to lash out at me with it. I tried to move away from her lashing but this just seemed to make her impossibly more angry. The lashing lasted for only a minute or so but long enough to get the message across, not to resist any additional demands she would make. When she calmed down, she attached the leash to my collar and pulled me back to my corner. She told me to assume my position on the floor. Then she used the leash attached to my collar to secure my hands behind my back. Then several pairs of dirty panties were pulled from the pocket of her jacket and shoved into my mouth as a gag. She then blind folded me and instructed me not to make a sound or suffer the consequences. She then returned to the dinner table to finish her meal.

After she had finished her dinner she untied my hands and told me to clean the dishes, role her another joint, and return to my position when I was finished. My blindfold was removed and she watched to see that my eyes remained lowered as she retired to our bedroom. I did as I was told.

After about thirty minutes she came out of our room, grabbed my leash and pulled me across the room to the end of the couch, then laid me across the back of the couch with my ass in the air. She again tied my hands behind my back with the end of the leash. Once she had my hands securely tied, she began roughly rubbing the cheeks of my ass. As she rubbed my ass, she told me how much my affair had hurt her and that she planned to physically punish me as an outlet to the anger she felt towards me. As she spoke about the emotional pain I had caused her, she slapped my ass hard with her bare hand. After a few minutes of this humiliation she pulled me up off the back of the sofa and told me I would have to work very hard to regain her trust. She then lead me around to the front of the sofa, sat down in front of me and spread her long sensuous legs, and pulled me down to my knees directly in front of her. She pulled her dirty panties from my mouth, grabbed a hand full of hair, and shoved my face into her crotch. "Lick my clit soft and slow and steady you bastard! Ease my pain" she said.

I reached out with my tong, and pushed through the soft fur that covered her love button. The sweet aroma of sex excited my groin. As I lapped in the blind at her sex, she lit the joint I had rolled and smoked it as she relaxed and drifted towards her first orgasm. I love giving my wife head it is one of my favorite past times. She tried to make it an unpleasant experience by calling me names, whipping my ass and back, and jabbing me in the groin with toe of her shoe. But, this just added to the excitement. I was beginning to enjoy the act of being a sex slave. When she was finally ready to cum she took a deep drag off her joint and pulled my head tight against her love box and said "suck my clit like a big cock you fucking slut. Suck it deep and hard." When I sucked her clit between my lips and into my mouth she let out a deep sigh and shuddered all over as she came. After her orgasm was over she pushed me over on the floor and shoved her foot into my groin and said, "get rid of that hard on ass hole! Tonight your punishment is for my pleasure." She then proceeded to whip me as I lay tied up and helpless on the floor.

"Stand up on your feet" she said as she whipped my bare flesh. I struggled awkwardly to my feet. She then grabbed me by the collar around my neck and lead me through the house to our bedroom. Once in our room she again stuffed my mouth full of her dirty panties. She then untied my hands and handed me a large hook to install in the ceiling. She obviously had the night well planned out. As she gave me specific instructions where to install the hook directly above our bed. While I worked at installing the hook she found great enjoyment tormenting me with the whip. Randomly stinging me here and there with out warning. Inspite of the distraction I managed to accomplish the task.

Once the hook was installed, I was put face down on the end of the bed, head towards the pillows, just below the hook. She had me pull my knees up under my chest and spread them apart as far as I could. She then tied my ankles to the corners of the bed and my hands behind my back. A cord was then attached between my hands and to the hook in the ceiling. The cord was pulled tight raising my arms awkwardly upward and behind me. She truly had me is a vulnerable position. Once she was satisfied that I could not escape the restraints, she questioned weather I had given myself an enema as instructed. I nodded my head yes and began lubricating my ass hole. Then, with out warning she shoved one of her fingers in my ass. She probed in and out in relaxing motion for a minute or so. The anal stimulation was something new and quite exciting. My cock began to get hard. She noticed the erection and removed her finger from my ass saying, "Your ass is actually clean. You did something right for a change. I'll give you ten good hard spankings as a reward."

She used a hard paddle and gave me the hardest spanking of my life. Each smack was so hard that I was in tears after the first three. After the fifth I wished I had never even thought about another woman. When she finished she pulled the dirty panties from my mouth and asked me to thank her. I forced out a thank you and she immediately stuffed the panties back in my mouth. A minute or so later she was wiping my burning red ass with what smelled like rubbing alcohol. This felt so cool and refreshing to my burning red buns. But, then she grabbed my cock from behind and poured the rubbing alcohol down the crack of my ass. The alcohol ran down the crack of my ass over my balls and down the shaft of my cock. It made my crotch feel like it was on fire. She then left me hanging there is silence telling me to think about the pain and distrust I had brought into our lives.

A few minutes later she made her presence known with another hard smack to my ass. She then pulled off my blindfold and told me to look at her. There she stood beside me in her wonderful black outfit, only she had added a large black strap-on cock to her costume. She asked me if I liked what I saw. I shook my head no. But she just climbed on the bed and knelt down in front of me with the large cock hanging out in front of my face. "Now" she said "suck my cock like the hungry slut you are." She grabbed me by the hair, pulled the dirty panties out of my mouth, and replaced them with her new toy. She then fucked my face with her new artificial manhood.

She told me she was going to fuck my tight virgin ass. In my mind, I was scared but my cock began to get hard. She pulled my face down the length of her cock by my hair while she was fucking my face. Shoving her cock down my throat, just like I had done to her so many times before. She said over and over, "Suck my cock, bastard. Feels great to have a cock shoved down your throat doesn't it." After about five minutes of this abuse she withdrew the artificial cock from my mouth and began passionately kissing my lips. She ended the kiss by biting my lip, which caused it to bleed. She then whispered in my ear that watching me suck her cock had made her very hot and she was going to fuck my ass until she came.

She positioned herself behind me and liberally spread lubrication over my ass hole, placed the tip of her rubber cock at the entrance began to apply pressure. As she pushed the dildo into my ass my initial reaction was to resist the intrusion. My ass hole got tighter the harder she pushed. But her force was more than I could stand. The dildo penetrated my ass and a pain ran through me I had never imagined. It felt as if I had been ripped in two. I moaned involuntarily. She continued to slide the dildo into my ass until it was buried completely inside me. Once her hips were firmly planted against the buns of my ass, she reached around and stuffed the dirty panties in back in my mouth. She then fastened a belt around my waist and used it as a handle to ride me like a cowboy rides a bull. Slowly she withdrew the artificial cock from my ass its full length and pulled herself back in as hard as she could. She fucked my ass slow but hard while cursing me for my infidelity. The longer she was at it the better it felt. The pain was gone. I could feel the thick cock sliding in and out of my ass, filling my bowels, stimulating my cock from the inside out. As she fucked me, the strap that ran between her legs, of the harness to the dildo, rubbed at her clit. The harder she fucked my ass the more she got off. As she reached orgasm, she thrust inward one last time, clenching at the flesh of my ass, screaming obscenities, bucking her hips like a wild stallion. As her orgasm came to an end, she withdrew the cock from my ass, slapped it one more time, untied the rope from the ceiling and left the room.

A few minutes later she returned with a lit table candle and placed it on the bedside table. She then untied my ankles from the bed corners and told me to roll over and sit up on the edge of the bed with my feet on the floor. Awkward as it was, I managed to do as instructed. As soon I was in a sitting position, she again placed the blind fold over my eyes. Then she removed the belt from around my waist and tightly secured my arms behind my back just above the elbows. This forced me to sit up straight with my chest extended. She then sat down beside me, lit another joint and offered me a puff. We shared the smoke without a word being said. When the smoke was finished, she left the room and did not make another sound for about fifteen minutes. 

She made her presence known by putting a glass of wine up to my lips and offered me a drink. By this time I was very thirsty and I drank as much she would allow me. As the wine ran down my throat it made my burning insides even warmer. After I drank all I wanted, she commanded me to spread my knees apart so she could play with cock and balls. As she was doing that, she took the candle and dripped hot wax onto my nipples, chest, belly, cock and balls . Not expecting the pain I let out a groan. She immediately slapped my face and told me not to make another sound. She then stuffed the panties back into my mouth and told me they should keep me quiet. 

"I want your cock hard" she said as she fondled my cock and balls while dripping the hot wax across my nipples, chest, and belly. Once I was good and hard she positioned herself between my legs and took the entire length of my throbbing cock in her mouth and then slowly withdrew it. "Don't you dare come" she said as it come out of her mouth. She then proceeded to lick and suck my cock just to the point where I was ready to come and then she would stop splash hot wax on me and do it again. She must have done it at least ten times. By the time she stopped I was ready to cry I wanted to come so badly. After the last time she did it she stood up and without a word slapped me across the face. 

"Look at you" she said, "you're a mess. Now we have to clean you up." She then proceeded to slowly pull the dried wax off. She seemed to get great pleasure from pulling off the pieced stuck in my chest hair as slowly as she could. When she had finished pulling off the dried wax, she offered me another drink of the cool wine, released my restraints and told me to go take another shower and clean myself up. I obediently walked towards the shower as she slapped my ass one more time.

I turned the shower on nice and hot, hoping it would calm me down. I felt weak in the knees and a little shaky all over. The warm water felt refreshing as it ran over my face but intensified the burn of the tender spots where the hot wax had been and the rising whelps on my flesh from the whippings. I lingered in the shower for a while wondering why I had betrayed a woman full of passion, mystery, and complexity. I washed from head to toe trying to wash away the dirty feeling of my actions. Not from the activities of the evening but from the guilt of my previous activities. I finally gave up turned off the water and got out to dry.

When I stepped out of the shower my wife came in and took away my towel. She said I did not deserve the luxury of a lush towel and would have to air dry. The air was cool giving me goose bumps all over. She then told me to clean my filth out of the tub, scrub it and make the tub shine. While I was down on my hands and knees scrubbing the tub, she removed her clothes, sat naked on the bathroom stool and removed her makeup. Occasionally reaching out and with her long leg and kicking me in the ass with much enthusiasm, enjoying knocking me off balance.

When I finished cleaning the tub she told me to go get all the candles in the house, place them around the edge of the tub, light them and draw her a hot bath. When the candles were lit and the tub was full she got in and told me to go and bring her a glass of wine and roll her another joint. After I had brought her the wine and lit the joint for her she told me to assume my position by the front door and come promptly if she called for me. I knelt by the front door still wet and chilled to the bone with the exception of the burning whelps on my skin and a raging hot erection. After about fifteen minutes she called for me to come in and bath her.

I started by washing her long beautiful hair. I filled a small bucket by the tub with warm water and poured it over her head careful not to let the water fall over her face and into her perfect almond shaped eyes. I then shampooed her hair by massaging her head for a good fifteen minutes. Soothing every fine curve, muscle, tendon and bone of her head and neck. Then I rinsed the shampoo out by tilting her head back while reeling in the joy of her beautiful face. I lathered my hands with facial soap and washed her face. Smoothing the soap around her forehead, around her eyes, over her cheekbones, chin and down her long sensuous long neck. Lingering there feeling her beauty in every nerve of my hands and fingers. Then filled the bucket with warm water again and rinsed the soap away. I slid down into the tub behind her, lathered her shoulders, back, chest, and long slender arms with soap and lightly scrubbed her skin with a terry wash cloth filled the bucket with warm water and rinsed again. We must have been in the warm tub for over an hour and never said a word to each other. When I had finished by washing her legs and feet she simply said get my bathrobe and put it in the dryer to warm it up. Then assume your position by the front door. Getting out of the warm bath and waiting cold and naked by the front door was a terribly hard and frustrating thing to do. After I had gotten out she drained the tub and rinsed off in a hot shower. When she was done she called me in to dry her off and wrap her in a warm terry cloth towel. Then told me to go and turn down the bed cover. She watched as I did this. When the covers were back she removed her robe and laid face down on the bed and told me to get the skin lotion and give her a massage.
