 My first submission on this site. Enjoy! 

------

I awoke after some strange dreams when a sound just on the edge of my perception roused me. The house was empty and dark, save for the street lights filtering in through the windows and casting the house into a contrast of yellow patches of light on impenetrable shadows. At this time of year I didn't need air conditioning or heating so it was completely silent. I opened one heavy eyelid and scanned the room. Nothing was moving, nothing out of place and nothing that wasn't there when I went to bed. I figured it must have been the dog, so I closed my eyes and settled back into the pillow. 

Then I heard it again. The sound of something being moved. Very carefully. Coming from the next room. 

My blood froze. Someone was in my house. My first concern was why the dog hadn't barked, and then I remembered she was boarded at the vet's for observation after being spayed. I carefully removed my sheets and crept out of bed as quietly as I could. I retrieved the shotgun from under the bed and gingerly padded to the door, lightly stepping toe to heel and keeping my weight evenly distributed and my head level. 

Each step I stopped and listened, finger on the safety and ready to immediately move to the trigger. The carpeting in my room and the tile floors in the hallway silenced my footsteps. My ears were straining for anything they could pick up. My eyes scanned the shadows for any signs of movement. 

I crept around the corner and found what I was looking for, but hoped I wouldn't find. Someone was crouched in front of my safe. It wasn't particularly well-hidden, simply being inside a cabinet, but if you were going to try and break into it you still had to know it was there, while ignoring more obvious items like my Xbox, blu-ray player and other things that were smaller and not bolted down. 

I shouldered the weapon and introduced myself by disarming the safety. I saw the thief flinch. "Put your hands in the air and stand up real slowly."

The thief complied and stood. He was dressed head to toe in black.

"Step away from the safe and turn around."

As he did so I moved to a light switch and flicked it on. My eyes strained under the light for a moment and when I could focus again I discovered my thief was female. Very female. I kept my gun trained on her and admired her figure. Easily done thanks to the tight pants and sweater she wore. She had a slender, toned body with a tremendous pair of breasts that looked pretty heavy. A toned torso connected them to a curvy pair of hips and long legs.

"Take off the mask."

She did so and I liked what I saw. Her skin was caramel colored and her eyes were blue. Her short hair appeared to have been colored blonde so I couldn't tell what race she might have been. Her lips were a little on the thin side and her face was youthful with a sharp chin. She was beautiful, despite the contemptuous glare she was giving me.

I had to figure out how to keep her still while I went for a phone. As soon as I lowered my aim or took my eyes off her she would bolt or even try to kill me. 

I nodded towards a coat closet. "Get in there while I call the cops."

"Make me," she dared. 

"I'm a great shot with this thing."

She snorted. "You'll just go to jail for murder. I'm unarmed." 

"But you're breaking and entering."

"Unnecessary force used against an unarmed intruder by a civilian. I've read dozens of cases like that and they never end well for the homeowner. Unless you're a cop and I know that's not the case." 

"So what, I should just let you go?"

"It would be your safest option."

"Like hell. You went straight for my safe so you must know what's in there. You'll just come back and try again next time I'm on vacation. Get in the closet." 

"No." I was getting impatient. The girl was stubborn and smart to boot. Then I remembered the alarm panel. I could type in the silent alarm code and have the police here in minutes. 

"I changed my mind. I think I'll just use the silent alarm so I can keep an eye on you."

Her face was calm up to this point. A slight tremor around her eyes told me I'd just eroded her confidence a little. She took a deep breath, which caused her breasts to rise and stretch the fabric of her sweater.

"Look, I don't want to go to jail, and you just want me out of your house. Can't we work something out here?"

"Can you guarantee you won't come back here?"

"I can not." 

"Then we still have a problem."

My eyes roved over her figure. Goddamn, how did she not get picked up by a modeling agency? Or she could have at least made a living as an actress. Heck, as a porn star she would always have work. Why on earth did she turn to crime? A gleam appeared in her eyes.

"You like what you see?"

"Yes, actually. What's a pretty thing like you doing breaking into homes?"

"Frankly, it's fun. I tried modeling but they told me my boobs were too big."

Thought so. "Really?"

"They didn't say so, but I knew they didn't like curvy girls like me on the catwalk. I wasn't getting a reduction, and I sure as hell wasn't going to end up as a trophy wife. The rest of the story is private."

"I'd love to hear more."

"Well," her voice became oily and seductive. "I might be inclined. If we can work something out that sees me going free." She shifted her hips and stretched her neck, emphasizing her feminine curves. 

I pointed my gun. "Take off your sweater." 

She grabbed the hem and pulled her sweater up over her head. I was surprised to find her breasts were bound with gauze. She still had on a pair of gloves that extended up her forearms.

"Keeps them in place better than a bra," she said. Sure enough, they were tightly bound. Even now they were already bigger than my hands. I could feel my erection growing in my pajama pants.

She looked down. "Definitely likes what he sees," she cooed.

"Come closer," I said, still keeping my gun trained on her. She approached until she was in arm's reach of the muzzle. 

"Closer." She stepped right up to the gun. "Take off the bandages." She smiled and began unwinding the layers of gauze. When it was loose enough, she let it fall to the floor. Her breasts expanded to their full volume, a pair of smooth brown melons that stood out proudly from her chest. She squeezed them and sighed. 

"That always feels good." Her breasts dwarfed her hands and I swallowed. She looked at me, her blue eyes burning with seductive power. She placed her fingertip on the muzzle of my gun.

"Do we really need this?" I lowered the weapon. "I promise I won't run if you don't call the cops."

I leaned the gun into a corner and she closed the gap between us. She pushed her chest out and I felt her warm breasts spread across my chest. I wrapped my arms around her waist and pulled her into me. 

"So the deal is, we have sex, and I let you go?" 

"Sure. I noticed how you were looking at me. And I'm a good lay."

"Do you do this often?"

"I usually don't get caught."

I brought our lips together and squeezed her tight. Her breasts seemed to resist me and she moaned. 

"Does that hurt?"

"No. They're just big." She brought us back together and her hands explored my arms and back. My hand slid up her side and she pulled back a bit to let me feel her breast. It was heavy and surprisingly firm. Easily twice what my hands could hold. She moaned and started pushing back into me.

"So sensitive," she hissed.

"You're a chatty one," I said as my hands roved over her smooth skin.

"Just wait 'till we get in bed." 

I started pulling her back but she resisted.

"Can you turn off the lights first?"

I flicked them off and she threw herself at me. We dragged each other back to the bedroom, petting and squeezing and kissing until I dropped her onto the bed. She crawled back onto it and raised each foot so I could slip her thin-soled shoes off. I started to crawl up to her and paused to take in the sight. The street lights caused her skin to glow and threw her curves into sharp relief. Her breasts heaved as she lay back, spilling to either side of her ribcage and resting on her biceps. 

"Hey."

"What?"

"What's your name?"

"Erin."

"Erin, I'm Steve."

"Pleased to meet you, Steve." She pushed her huge breasts together up high on her chest. "Now come get a feel."

I cradled her breasts with my hands and pushed them together. Her cleavage grew and shrank with my ministrations and she closed her eyes and cooed. Her breasts were so big I couldn't get my hands around them. I brushed her nipples with my thumbs and she responded positively.

"I love it when a man plays with my breasts."

"They're amazing. I can see why you strap them down."

"They get in the way otherwise. But now," she took my hands and made me squeeze more forcefully, "not a problem." 

I loved feeling the flesh mould to my hands. Their warmth surrounded my hands like a pair of gloves as my fingers sank into her flesh. Her breathing shallowed and she writhed under my touch, arching her back to press her breasts more firmly into my hands. 

"They're going to be all bruised if I keep this up," I said.

"Do it," she moaned. Instead I decided to ease up and lowered my face to her breast. I took her left nipple into my mouth and sucked. She held her breath as I held on, and she released when I did. I pressed my face firmly into her huge globe and she placed her hands on the back of my head.

"You smell so nice," I muttered from her chest.

"I try not to smell at all," she squeaked. "I know some thieves who got caught because the owner smelled them."

I kissed my way between her breasts and tried to work my way down to her chest. Her arms were pressing them together, impeding my progress and nearly suffocating me. I pulled out and lay on top of her to kiss her again. I felt like I was floating on her breasts as our lips met. She slipped her fingertips under the waistband of my pants and gently caressed the tops of my buttocks and the edges of my pelvis. 

"So you say you're a good lay?" I asked between kisses.

"Nine out of ten men would agree."

"What about the tenth one?"

"I drugged him so he fell asleep before the fun stuff happened." 

She thrust her hips against mine and ground against my erection. I raised myself up on my hands and hers went around front, brushing the tip of my erection. She stuck her hand down my pants and grasped my erection, which was beginning to leak.

"I like what I feel there."

"I think I know where you'd like to feel it."

"Then come on."

She raised her hips and I dragged her pants off. Her flat stomach curved down to a smooth, shaved pussy and toned legs. She spread them and I could smell her musk from here as she squeezed her breasts again.

"Get those pants off and do me."

I wasted no time getting my pants off and crawling back on top. I settled between her legs and squashed her breasts as our lips met. Our hips ground against each other as we searched for the right angle to let me in. My shaft found her lubricated slit and rubbed along it. She gasped and assisted with the rhythm. I could feel her pussy becoming moister as we ground together. I nibbled on her neck and she pulled me tight. 

"I want you inside me," she said between breaths, her voice throaty and dripping with desire. "I want you to fill me up."

I pulled up and felt the head of my penis line up with her opening. I gently pushed forward and parted her willing lips, smoothly burying my cock inside this beautiful thief. She inhaled as I penetrated her and exhaled as I settled back onto her. She rolled her head back and laughed as she took me in.

"Ohhh, that's so good."

"You really like sex, don't you?" I asked.

"I love having a man's penis in me, and his hands on my big, bursting breasts. What do you like?"

"I like having a woman's legs around me as I pound away in her, and watching her breasts bounce all over her chest." 

Our voices were razor-sharp with desire. I could feel her snug vagina adjusting to me, her warmth and lubrication sucking me deep inside as she held me to her beautiful brown body.

"That only works with big-chested girls like me," she rasped.

"And you've got the biggest I've ever seen."

"Outside a porno?"

"Outside a porno."

She grabbed my arms and sucked a breath through her teeth. "Oh god, start fucking me. You're driving me crazy."

I started thrusting. My shaft slid smoothly along her interior walls as I pumped in and out of her. I kept her body pinned beneath mine, reluctant to part with the sensation of her breasts rolling across my chest. I wrapped my arms beneath her back and could feel her breasts squeezing out the sides and pressing against my arms. We stayed like this for several minutes and worked up a fine sweat, which helped reduce the friction between our bodies as I rode her. Her shallow breathing was making it hard to keep our lips together, so my mouth usually hovered over hers, our tongues reaching for each other as we breathed into each other and stole contact when we could spare a gulp of hair. 

Her hips pushed into mine as she matched my rhythm. Her pelvis was solid but still soft as I plowed into her. We stayed like this for several minutes, taking it easy and enjoying the feel of each others' bodies.

"Go faster," Erin whimpered. 

I complied and increased my tempo. Her breathing fell in step with my thrusts and soon we were covered in sweat. I locked eyes with her as we rutted and in the semidarkness I saw two beautiful pools of desire, begging for more. I propped myself up on my hands and drove myself into her harder. She bit her lip and moaned as I pounded her vagina. 

"Hold on a second," she croaked. I paused.

"What is it?"

She lifted her hips and slid a pillow under her. 

"That'll get the angle better." 

I pushed myself in slowly and she sighed.

"Yeah, that's better. Hits all the right spots."

I gradually brought the speed back up until I was pounding into her hard. Our bodies slapped together and Erin was beside herself with pleasure. Her pussy was slick and tight, and we both smelled of musk and sweat. Her elevated hips caused her breasts to roll up towards her face, and the pounding I was giving her made them bounce like crazy. She squeezed them together with her hands, but they still jiggled generously from our lovemaking.

"Ah. Aah! AAH!" She wrapped her arms under her breasts and lifted them to her face. 

"Mmmmmgh! I feel so full! Don't stop fucking me you stud!"

I grabbed one of her breasts and pulled it to my mouth. I sucked hard on the nipple and then switched to the other one. 

"Oh god, I feel like I'm going to burst!" She said, running her hands through her hair and squeezing her legs around my waist. "Talk to me, please!"

I released her breast and looked into her eyes. "How do I feel? How does my cock feel inside your hot little pussy?"

"Better than any vibrator. Ooh, I think you're the biggest I've had."

"Figured a hot thing like you could get any stud she wanted."

"I've got standards, okay?"

"You're getting fucked by a guy who's house you broke into and you talk about standards."

"You should feel so lucky. I'm hot stuff." 

"I don't have problems getting women."

"I'd like to see you try getting me without a gun."

"Too late for that now."

I made a long, powerful thrust and tried to bury myself in her as far as possible. She wailed and sighed.

"I think you're all the way at my cervix."

"Am I?" "I think so. Mmh!"

"How does it feel?"

"Like I want to let you get me knocked up a few times."

"Really?"

She giggled. "Not quite. But you are one incredible fuck."

I kissed her hard and ground into her. "Takes one to fuck one." I started noticing we were making less and less sense. This could go some odd places. I resumed our pace and she grunted and gasped to my thrusts.

"Hey," she breathed, her voice labored.

"What?"

She wrapped her arms around my neck, her eyes shut tight. "I'm about to come."

"I'm not there yet."

"Good!" Her whole body tensed up and she clung desperately to me. She threw her head back and let out a guttural groan and I felt her vaginal walls collapse and spasm around me. She spasmed a few times before she relaxed and let herself fall back on the bed. Her breasts heaved as she fought to catch her breath. I laid down on her and decided we both needed a breather. 

"You're not going to leave yet, are you?"

She nuzzled my neck and stroked my arms. "Not yet. I've still got another in me, I think. And I want to get you off before I go."

"That sounds kind of selfless for a thief."

"Well, breaking into your safe is kind of a bust now. So I might as well make the best of it. Besides, you've been good to me. I think you deserve it." 

Her breasts rose and fell against my chest as her breathing calmed down. We were soaked in sweat and the sheets were damp. I ran my hands up her flanks, caressed the curve of her breast and down her legs. 

"You said you might be inclined to tell me how you got into this business."

"I did?" She looked at me dreamily. "Well, I never said how, did I?" 

"I figured screwing your brains out might do the trick."

"I've got all my brains intact, honey. But, you did give me a nice orgasm. And I love the way you play with my breasts." As if to confirm it for her I reached between us and gave one a squeeze. She smiled. "Roll over. I need to be on top for this."

I pulled my still-had erection out of her and rolled onto my back. She straddled me and leaned over, kissing me tenderly. Her breasts brushed heavily against my chest as she settled into position.

"First tell me something." She whispered, her face an inch from mine, wearing an eager look.

"What's that?"

"Tell me about your first time."

"Why?"

"I'm a little spent. It'll help get me back in the mood."

I closed my eyes for a moment and cleared my thoughts, thinking back to my first time. When I opened them she was looking at me expectantly, straddling my hips and hovering her body over mine with her huge breasts pressing against my chest.

"It was my junior year in college."

"Mmm, late bloomer."

"It was a holiday, so we planned on going to a park to do some hiking."

"Sounds fun. What was she like?"

"She had long, brown hair, hazel eyes, taller than you, small breasts, great legs."

"Go on. How did you lose your virginity?"

"I came over to her apartment early. I started helping her clean up a little, made coffee, and put on a movie to watch. We cuddled in the bed and kind of lost track of time."

Erin leaned over and started planting kisses on my chest.

"We started making out. I'd let her suck me off before so it was nothing new when she did that. We loved the feel of skin on skin so we ended up naked with her on top of me."

Erin nibbled on my collarbone and moved to my neck. She started rubbing herself on my erection. She pressed my shaft between her wet folds, sliding slowly up and down its length. She felt unusually gentle and sweet for a criminal. "Then what?"

"She started sliding on me like you're doing."

"Uh huh."

"And eventually I felt my penis start going in."

"What did you do?" 

"I asked her if I was going in, and she said it was, a little bit." Erin leaned forward and eased herself back on me and I felt the tip of my penis start to breach her folds.

"Then?"

"She asked if that was okay and I said yes, so she let it all the way in."

Erin sighed as she let me back inside. I gave an involuntary thrust and we settled back down. "Then?" 

"I came after like thirty seconds."

"No protection? Naughty boy."

"She was on the pill." 

"Well at least one of you was responsible."

"And what do you call this?" I asked, thrusting up into her.

"I'm a thief. Responsibility is not in my vocabulary."
