 I awoke the next morning after more strange dreams. I dreamed I'd had sex with a mysterious and sexy intruder. She had a small, tight body, brown skin and was incredibly well-endowed in the chest area. At first she wore a form-fitting unitard, which she unzipped and peeled from her shoulders, letting her fantastic, round breasts free before letting the rest of the outfit fall the the ground. Her blue eyes invited me closer, and she held my hands to her smooth, supple breasts. I wasted no time scooping her up and impaling her on my cock, lowering her to the bed and plowing her fervently until I filled her with cum. As my consciousness exited the dream state, I could still feel her warm skin on mine and her smell continued to linger. A movement against me finally jolted me out of unconsciousness and I became aware that I was spooning with the intruder from my dreams. 

My mind recalled last night's surprise. She'd broken into my house and was trying to break into my safe when I successfully snuck up on her. Despite my threats to call the police and the shotgun in my hands she refused to cooperate with me. Instead, she offered sex in exchange for letting her go. She enthusiastically held up her end of the bargain, and I was surprised to see her still here. 

Her hair still smelled a bit musky. My arm draped over her warm body, half-covered by the bedsheets. Her ass pressed against my stomach and she held my free hand in hers. I carefully propped myself up to get a look at her face. She looked even more beautiful in full sunlight with her eyes closed peacefully the sun shining in her blonde hair. 

Her irresistible breasts bulged from her chest and I helped myself to a feel. They were heavy and had just the right balance of softness and firmness, and were easily double what my large hands could hold. It was enough to rouse her and she stirred and opened her brilliant blue eyes. 

"Good morning," I whispered.

"Sorry," she said, her voice dry and sticky. "I thought I'd be gone 

by now."

"I'm not complaining." 

She smiled and turned over, and I leaned in and kissed her. Her breath smelled like omelets made with bad eggs and too much onion, and I told her so.

"Yours is worse," she retorted. 

I pulled her onto me and she crawled on top, squashing her breasts to my chest and adjusting herself so they bulged upwards and gave me an eyeful of deep cleavage. She traced a finger along my collarbone as I stroked her ribs and the sides of her breasts. 

"I can't believe I actually did this."

"Having regrets?"

"Sort of. I mean, this is very unprofessional of me." She smiled. "Worth it, though."

We stared at each other, lazily touching and listening to each other's breathing. Erin was hypnotic. Lying together like this, I realized I knew very little about her save that she was a very sexual being. I consider myself an enlightened, forward-thinking man in terms of gender relations, but it was hard for me not to think of her beautiful face, smooth body and juicy breasts solely in terms of how each one gave me pleasure. The soft pressure from her breasts was bringing back memories of last night and my penis started growing in response. Erin rubbed her thigh on it and smirked.

"Ready to go again?"

"What about you?"

She responded by kissing me, moaning and rubbing her body against mine. 

"I thought you had to go," I said between kisses.

"No rush," she whispered. 

Our mouths rejoined and and we made out while my hands explored her nubile body. I slid them up and down her smooth back giving her firm ass a healthy squeeze and sliding them back up her sides to caress her ribs and the abundance of flesh at the sides of her breasts. Erin straddled my waist and repositioned my penis between us, grinding her soft mound against my engorging and increasingly sensitive member. She held my face in her hands and kissed me greedily as my penis grew to its full length. Erin let it settle between her labia and began panting as she rubbed herself up and down its length. Her breath was hot against my lips and teeth, and her pussy warmed and lubricated my aching shaft. 

I pushed myself up and held her in my lap. She wrapped her legs around my waist, pulling herself closer to me and squeezing those magnificent breasts between us. We held each other like that for a bit, gazing into each other's eyes while breathing heavily. From this position my chin practically rested atop her breasts.

"Whenever you're ready," I said.

Erin nodded, her eyes hazy with lust. She lifted herself up, reached between us and took hold of my penis. She kissed me and raised her hips, brushing the tip of my erection against her entrance. She guided it into her pussy, then eased herself down, sighing "fuck me" as her body engulfed my penis.

Her eyes smoldered with lust and her gyrations squeezed her breasts into my chest as I held her by the waist. I was captivated watching this gorgeous woman copulating in my lap. Her face bobbed inches from mine, our lips periodically meeting for a few moments before she leaned back to focus on her ministrations. Her tight, slick vaginal walls slid up and down my penis, milking it from head to base. I heard her labored breathing, her breath hot on my neck and thick with pleasure. I slid one of my hands up her smooth leg and squeezed her firm ass, eliciting a giggle from Erin.

"How are you feeling, baby?" she panted while greedily impaling herself over and over.

"Like a lucky man." I grunted. "You're so hot."

"Mmh, your cock feels really good."

I kissed her hard and slid back on the bed, leaning back against the headboard and putting some pillows behind my back. Erin scooted up and reseated herself. I relaxed and watched her pleasure herself. I held her hips loosely and she braced herself against my shoulders. Her tantalizing breasts bobbed in front of me as she worked her brown body up and down my shaft. Her naked body was art in motion as she worked her hips in an elliptical motion up and down my cock. Her eyes were half-closed as she exhaled with each downward thrust, focusing her attention on the penis lodged inside her body. I'd been with a few women, but I couldn't say if any of them looked as amazing as Erin did right now. We continued like that for what felt like hours, though only about five minutes passed before she took my hands and placed them on her breasts.

"Don't forget to play with them."

Erin moaned as I groped and fondled her big, soft globes. I really believed that I had never had the privilege of handling such a nice pair of breasts as hers. I thumbed her stiff nipples and roughly massaged her chest as she continued to ride me more urgently. She gasped and I felt her insides tighten up around me, making my vision blur with pleasure and provoking a familiar 

pressure from within my balls.

"Gonna come," I grunted.

She put her lips next to my ear and whispered her command through her teeth. "Come inside me."

She clung to my shoulders and I pulled her hips tight against me as I succumbed to my base urge and blew my load into her hungry body. She held her breath as my semen soaked her insides, exhaling only after the final pulse deposited itself within her. I felt an immense sense of relief as the final pulse left me with our mingling fluids beginning to leak out and a naked, pleasured woman in my lap.

She relaxed her hold on me and I fell back onto the bed. She continued to straddle me, staring at me while we caught our breaths. Her face was flushed with post-coital afterglow and framed by her disheveled hair. Her breasts rose and fell with her breathing. She eventually leaned over and kissed me, gentle and deep.

"I could make a habit of this," she purred.

"Me too."

I rolled her over onto the bed and we kissed and relaxed, gently touching and massaging each other's bodies as we came down from our sexual high. I shamelessly fondled a breast while kissing her sweet lips. God there was nothing I liked better than having this woman's body pinned beneath me. 

"I need to shower," she whispered.

"Can I join you?" I asked.

She smiled and kissed my nose. "Not this time." We rolled over and she gave me a long, probing kiss with her slippery tongue. Regrettably, she pulled away and kissed me one more time before leaving the bed. I watched her butt wiggle as she strode to the bathroom with a spring in her step. She blew me a kiss and shut the door behind her.

I lay in bed for a few minutes to collect my thoughts. Erin was a vibrant, sexy woman right out of my wettest dreams. I also knew she could be my worst nightmare. I did not need to get caught up in the criminal underworld. As much as my dick wanted her to stay, my brain overruled and declared that she had to go and soon. My stomach growled and demanded breakfast. Sex burns a lot of calories. I got up and knocked on the bathroom door.

"Hey Erin, you want breakfast?"

"Yes! I'm starving!" she replied. 

I put some pants and a t-shirt on and checked the safe on my way to the kitchen. The drawer was open, but she had yet to get the safe open, thank god. There were irreplaceable case documents in there, which were likely her target. Next to the safe lay an unrolled tool pouch with a variety of tools snug in the organizer pockets. I spun the dial a few times, left her things alone and went about gathering the ingredients for fritatas. 

Erin returned shortly after I placed the mixture in the oven. She wore my bathrobe, which was far too large for her. The sleeves were rolled up a few times and she carried the tail in one hand to avoid tripping over it. Despite the oversized robe, she still left the front halfway open, offering a nice sample of her generous breasts. She sat down at the bar and brushed her damp hair out of her eyes as I slid a cup of coffee to her.

"How do you feel?" I asked.

"Between a hot shower and getting laid? I haven't felt this good in years."

"This is not how I pictured a break-in ending up."

She sighed and leaned on the bar, pressing her breasts into the marble and increasing her cleavage. "There's usually a shower involved, but not getting laid."

"That's a shame."

"I know. And thank you. I needed that more than I thought."

"You're welcome. And if you want to stick around..."

Erin smiled. "Thanks, but no. I should leave soon." She stroked her stomach. "Need to hit a pharmacy before too long."

A chill ran up my spine. "I can spot you some cash if you need it."

"I'll be fine." 

I changed the subject. "So you never told me how you got into this business."

"You still want to know?"

"You promised."

Erin adjusted her robe, flattening the front against her chest. "I got into crime for the same reason most people do: I couldn't make ends meet and I got pretty good at it."

"Don't take this the wrong way, but someone like you shouldn't have had a problem with that, even if it meant just marrying some rich man."

"Some girls like me don't want to end up as trophy wives." She gave me a dark look. Clearly a touchy issue.

"School? College?"

"Did terrible in class."

"Surely there was something out there."

"Sure, my looks opened some doors, but I didn't get along well with others." She stared at her nails. "Not a team player."

"Where did you start?"

"I started with the basics. Stealing food and clothing, hanging out in shelters when I could, finding safe places to sleep and trying to hide the fact I was a young woman on the streets. I'd sneak onto trains when I needed to skip town or hitch hike. Those were rough days. Eventually I moved up to breaking into homes, going after money and valuables. Then I met some local rings and graduated to cars and small businesses. That's when I met my best friend."

"What's she like?"

Erin thought for a moment. "Well, she likes dogs and exercise, and she likes cocktails and solving puzzles. She's got a bad eye from an accident and changes her hair color pretty often."

"What does she do?"

"She's an assassin."

I choked on my coffee. "A what?"

"An assassin. Hit man. Gun for hire. You know, kills for money?"

"I know that!" I glared at her uncomfortably. 

Erin smirked. "Relax. I can't afford her rates and she doesn't owe me any favors."

We shared a laugh, mine more nervous than hers. I changed the subject.

"So what happened then?"

"She noticed me while staking out a contract of hers. I botched a job and found myself on the run from the cops. She helped me escape and offered me a chance at a real career in a guild."

"Guild? Like a thieve's guild?"

"Sort of. I can't say anymore other than I've had a pretty good career." She sipped her coffee and narrowed her eyes at me. 

"Until you came along."

"You entered my home, babe."

"All you had to do was stay asleep!" she exclaimed, leaning at me aggressively and slapping the counter. "Anyway," she tucked her hair behind her ear. "What now?"

The oven timer went off.

"I think we'll have breakfast."

Having finished breakfast, we commenced with more light conversation, though I could only listen to half of what she said when the robe parted to reveal one of her smooth legs. I stared at her provocative curves, knowing I probably wouldn't see them ever again. It didn't take Erin long to notice.

"If you need a picture just say so," she smirked. 

"The last thing you need is photographic evidence of where you've been."

"For the best, I suppose." She paused and looked at me thoughtfully "I could do a neck down if you want. Against a blank wall?"

I touched her knee. "I don't know. It's not the same without your face." My fingers started sliding up her thigh.

Erin blushed. "You think I'm pretty?"

"I was thinking beautiful."

She looked into my eyes. I could see hesitation in her blue orbs. "Steven?"

"Yes?"

"I should go. It's getting late." 

"Yeah." My hand slid under the robe, closing in on the space between her legs. She involuntarily raised her leg to give me better access. Her breathing became heavier. My fingers found her labia and lightly stroked her lower lips. Her eyelids fluttered and her lip trembled. I slowly leaned closer, teasing her lips with mine as I intruded on her personal space.

"Don't you need to leave?"

"I...still have some time."

I kissed her. She kissed back. She held onto my head as I picked her up off the stool and she wrapped her legs around me. I set her down on the dinner table and we slowed down, our feverish kissing becoming slower and more tender. My right hand slid up her leg and grasped the belt, tugging it and untying the knot. I pushed the robe off her shoulders and looked her exposed body up and down. Her breasts heaved with anticipation and she licked her lips.

"One more time," she said. "Something to remember me by."

My gaze drifted between her legs. Her pussy was shaved and swollen with anticipation. I realized then that despite fucking twice we'd done little if any foreplay. I touched her bellybutton and trailed my fingers down her stomach to the fleshy slit between her legs.

"What are you...oh." Erin watched as I inserted one finger and started probing her warm interior. She moaned as I swirled my finger around, feeling the slick contours of her vagina. Erin tilted her head back and closed her eyes, propping her feet up on the table so she could get some leverage and press her pelvis more firmly onto my hand. I inserted a second finger and pressed them as far in as I could before curling them and stroking her from the inside, eliciting a gasp from Erin.

"Oh!" she exclaimed. "A little to the right...yeeess!"

The inside of Erin's vagina was warm, velvety smooth, slippery and soft all at the same time. Like the rest of her, alive. The tightness and contours change based on her responses, and when I touched her in the right spots her inner walls trembled and seemed to suck on my fingers. She whimpered and bit her lip. I continued stroking the spot she guided me to and her hips began bucking in response. She propped herself up on one hand and used the other to squeeze one of her magnificent breasts. I leaned forward and kissed the other, rooting around until I found the nipple and took it into my mouth. I tried to keep a regular rhythm with my fingers, stroking the bundle of nerves hidden away in her flesh. Her breathing grew heavy and her voice strained.

"Steven! Ugh! I'm gonna come!"

I pulled my fingers out moments before she climaxed and she looked at me.

"Why did you stop?" she said between breaths. 

"Just relax," I said as I dropped my pajama pants and let my aching penis free. Erin smiled at me and relaxed her legs. I lined the head up with her slit and gently pushed it past her swollen lips. They parted and the head of my penis disappeared between them, followed by the rest of the paler, veiny flesh slipping into her warm, wet insides. She placed a hand on the back of my neck and pulled me in closer as my cock found its home inside her warm flesh. When we were completely fused, I nuzzled her neck and she purred while grinding her hips into mine. 

"I'm so glad I took this job," she said.

"Me too. Who are you working for?"

"Trust me, you're better not knowing."

"Was it one of my colleagues? A client?"

"Steven," she said, holding my jaw and looking into my eyes. "You're safer not knowing." 

"But-"

"Shh," she placed a finger on my lips. "Let's just enjoy this."

I kissed her hard and laid her down on the table. Her breasts flattened across her chest and spilled onto her arms as she reclined. She gave me a smoky, daring look as her chest rose and fell and she licked her lips. I took hold of her hips and began pounding into her. I tried to memorize her every feature. Her huge full breasts bouncing and rippling on her ribcage. Her brown skin, and her beautiful face that was awash with pleasure. Despite knowing her less than a day, I was going to miss this woman. I drove into her for all it was worth, firmly groping her breasts, kneading them and feeling their warmth between my fingers. Erin moaned and arched her back.

"You know how to treat a lady."

We were both panting hard now. "You've made me a very happy man today."

"You're welcome."

I redoubled my efforts, slamming into her pelvis and making her body shudder with each impact. Erin gasped for air and continued egging me on, begging for another load of my seed. I felt a feverish tension growing between my legs and I knew I was close. Thoughts of paternity lawsuits and alimony were replaced with a more primal urge to plant my seed in the beautiful stranger's womb.

"I'm almost there," I panted.

"I can't wait," she replied. "Whenever you're ready."

Semen surged up my shaft, seeming to pause three quarters of the way up and build pressure as I continued pumping in and out of her. Finally I pressed myself deep inside her and fired a fresh load of hot semen into Erin's pussy. I felt her insides constrict around me as she hit her climax and Erin let out a deep sigh. I collapsed on top of her and we made out as my final pulse entered her body and my cock began relaxing. 

We reluctantly broke off the kiss and stared into each other's eyes. Her face was glowing in post-coital bliss, making her appear even more beautiful than ever.

"Why did you have to be a criminal?" I asked.

"Why did you have to be a lawyer?" she countered.

I kissed her and reluctantly withdrew from her body, pausing to kiss each breast before helping her up. I noticed a trickle of semen running down her leg.

"Let me get a towel for that."

I turned and felt something prick me in the neck. Turning around I saw Erin holding a syringe.

"Erin? The fuck?"

"Sorry. I'm pushing my luck here in a lot of ways. Don't worry. It's just a sedative."

I felt weak. My vision clouded and a gray mist started encroaching the edges of my vision. Erin led me to the couch and helped me lay down. 
