 Author's note: Coach Fish has just had sex the second time with his student Kylie, and was aware that her best friend Shannon was watching them. Fish is on edge about it, but Kylie is in favor of the two of them hooking up. Shannon's thoughts are unknown.

*****

Nope. No way. It's Friday, the day after Kylie's and my second tryst - the one Shannon watched - and she and Shannon walk into my classroom at lunch. There is absolutely NO WAY I am going to try and talk with them normally in front of the other students hanging out here, so I ask if they can come see me during 6th for some privacy.

"Shannon can't. She's got choir. I shouldn't either...I've missed a lot of PE. How 'bout we talk at my house after school?"

Shannon nods, and it's good for me. A couple of hours later, and we're all sitting in Kylie's living room drinking Starbucks.

"Is this about yesterday?" Shannon asks, a little tense. 

"Not for me," I say, "I just wanted to shoot the shit with you guys somewhere we don't need to be careful what we say. I'm hungry...you guys want some pizza?"

They both brighten up. "I'll go get it if one of you guys call it in."

"I'll call. What do you guys want." Kylie picks up her cell (it is ALWAYS close). 

Shannon stands and starts walking down the hall, "You know what I like Kyky. I played B Ball at lunch, and I'm all yucky...I'm going to go shower first."

Kylie looks at me, I answer "Anything you want. Except anchovies - fish shouldn't be on pizza."

Kylie snorts a laugh, and I head out back to my car. She runs out the back door, and yells at me "Angelo's!". Now I snort - I guess I was just going to drive around and hope I found the right place.

Half an hour later, I'm back in the living room staring mournfully at my piece of vegetarian pizza. My own fault, I told them anything would be fine. Kylie is still wearing her school clothes - light pleated skirt, button up yellow tank...she's kicked off her sandals. Shannon comes out of Kylie's room wearing a big white terry cloth robe while brushing her hair...walks up to the pizza box, and grabs a piece and stuffs half of it into her mouth as she sits on the loveseat. I'm in a chair picking off the broccoli, and Kylie puts pizza on a plate and sits on the floor cross legged as she leans back against my legs. I stroke her hair with my hand, then go back to trying to fix my pizza.

We eat in silence for a while. Kylie nibbles her one piece, I decide it's too much work and don't go back for more...and Shannon wolfs down 3 slices and is eyeing the ones that are left. Deciding she'll wait till later, she picks up the box and puts the rest in the fridge. Kylie scoots over till she's sitting next to my legs, then leans on my thighs and caresses my calf. I go back to stroking her hair, and Shannon comes back and flops back down on the loveseat.

"You two are too much" she says.

"Yeah," Kylie comes back, "we should get a room." The two of us laugh, Shannon looks at us like we're crazy, then slowly joins in.

"We had a room yesterday...sometimes they're not as private as you think." I say. Wow, where'd that come from? 

Shannon looks at Kylie, then back at me and says "Did you mind?"

"I don't know. I've never had an audience before..."

"You should! You guys looked like porn stars."

"You could have made a video yourself. I saw you sitting in that same place yesterday." Am I trying to bed this girl? I didn't think I was in favor of it yesterday...but I seem to be flirting with her now.

Shannon looks at me and says "Yeah...Kylie told me you saw me. Was I naked?"

"No, still fully dressed...just had your hand down your pants."

She smiles. "You saw me early. If you'd looked later, you would have seen more."

Without thinking, I reply "Well, I wish I'd seen you later." Bam! I guess that answers THAT question. A long, slow smile spreads over Shannon's face - and Kylie's hand freezes on my calf. 

"Cool," Shannon grins. And Kylie's hand resumes it's stroking.

"You know, " Kylie breaks the silence, "it's not fair. You and I have seen each other naked for years...and you saw Coach yesterday. But he's never seen you. It's just not fair."

Shannon looks at her friend. "Well, how can we fix this?" she asks, looking to me with a twinkle in her eye. 

"Only one way" Kylie says, and she gets up to sit across my lap. Putting her arm around my shoulder, she whispers "you're gonna like this" in my ear. I whisper back "what have you two been up to?" But she just smiles and shrugs.

Shannon stands up and slowly turns around. Even in her bulky robe, she could stop a train. Tall and lean, with swimmer's shoulders and protruding breasts, her bathrobe belt cinches her waist. Below, her wide flat hips descend into the longest pair of legs I have ever seen. Blond hair with a touch of brown, grey eyes in an oval face that could be on the front of a magazine - her skin seemed to be perpetually tanned. As she turned her body away, she untied the belt and shrugged the robe off her shoulders, twisting her head back to look at me.

Her shoulders were strong and smooth, and had a series of lighter tan lines across them. She WAS tanned, and she seemed to have a few different bathing suit styles, causing the patterns. Dropping the robe even further, it was now being held up by her elbows...half her back was now exposed, shrinking down to her still covered waist. 

Kylie has one arm around my shoulders and her other resting on my stomach, and she looks at me and says, "I told you!"

"She looks like a fashion model!" I can't take my eyes off of her.

Kylie smiled at me and quickly nodded her head...and Shannon smiled too. Slowly, she started turning back toward us. Her naked back tilted to show more arm, and then her left breast...starting from the protruding nipple, to the smooth paler flesh, she was full and round and firm. The lighter color showed she didn't sunbath nude, and as she kept turning her chest and other breast came into view. The paler skin almost made it look like she was wearing a strapless bathing suit top now...except the skin was so shiny smooth, and those two large tan colored nipples. Still holding the robe around her lower half, she paused...presenting herself to us. 

Her breasts are spectacular. Not huge, but perfect for her frame, and obviously blooming and firm. Wide shoulders leading up to her graceful neck, beautiful face with a knowing smile. She was timeless.

"See?" Kylie pinches my leg.

Shannon loses the smile and grabs the front of her robe. Staring into my eyes, she verrrry slowlllly pulls it open. Even though she's exposing her self to me slowly, the first place that shows is her center - heart to belly button to pussy. And that's where my eyes drop...like unstoppable gravity, I couldn't have looked up if I'd tried. 

Pale skin again, in the unmistakable shape of bikini bottoms, down to a small patch of soft pussy hair - blondey/brown - that lightly ringed her flesh colored pussy. At this angle, I couldn't see much of it...but it looked like she had thin outer lips and an evident clitoral hood. As she kept opening her robe, she uncovered her wide flat hips, leading down to a pair of powerful tan thighs that went on forever. A couple of small scars on her knees (childhood and sports, brave girl can get hurt), and smooth strong calves. Her feet were covered, because she had just dropped the robe, which lay crumpled at her feet. Tall, with an hour glass figure, she was a blonde goddess.

Totally naked, Shannon posed for us for a moment. 

"Well?" She asked me.

"I...uhh...I...you're beautiful!" I blurt out.

She beams as she starts to rub the skin of her thighs and shoulders, like she was putting on sun block...all the time looking in my eyes. I should have known yesterday - she loves to watch me watch her. 

"I told you!" Kylie is triumphant. "We've been having sleepovers since middle school, and she didn't have those then!" 

I start to realize that most of what Kylie sees as beautiful about Shannon is her large breasts. They're not really large - but they're a LOT larger than Kylie's...and I wonder if she's felt bypassed by her friend. I lean over and kiss her hair, and say:

"Yes, Shannon is gorgeous." I look intensely at the goddess, and say "You are." Then back to Kylie, "and I can't believe I'm sitting in this living room with the two most beautiful women I have ever seen."

They both smile, and Kylie gives me a hug. Shannon's hands have now begun to roam up the sides of her firm breasts and around her neck, over her shoulders...then caressing down over the front of her tits, pausing for a small squeeze. She was starting to oh-so-slowly rock her hips as she swayed a little...never taking her eyes off of me.

Kylie gave me one more squeeze, then sat up in my lap and looked at her friend.

"It's still not fair. You got to see us come yesterday. He should get to see you come too."

Shannon's hands stopped moving, and she looked at her friend. Conversation flies back and forth between their eyes without a word being said. Well well well - something they apparently had NOT agreed on before hand. I didn't know what their eyes said to each other, but I soon found out the decision. Shannon raises her chin, looks proudly - almost disdainfully - at her friend...then turns her back and bends over to pick up the seat cushion behind her. Responding to Kylie's challenge, I wonder how many of those little scars - and how many lovers - she's gotten from not being able to turn down a dare.

As she bends over, I see that her ass is fantastic. Wide and athletic, her cheeks have a small bikini tan line...and a much brighter one circling her waist and diving down into her crack. This girl likes thongs, and thinking of seeing her long lean body barely covered with a couple of scraps of fabric at the beach makes me wonder how the guys there can hold it together. Added to her fearless, forceful personality, it's easy see how she's been able to acquire so much experience in her short 18 years of life. 

She props the cushion up against the front of the loveseat, spreads the robe on the carpet in front, and smoothly sits down on the floor, leaning back against the cushion. Stretching her legs out in front of her and crossing them at the ankles, I can only see her little patch of pussy hair. Well trimmed and kind of sparse, it looks soft and curly as it dives down into her pressed together thighs. Watching me watch her, she cups her full breasts and starts to softly stroke and pull on her nipples, then drops her hands to rub the top of her thighs, then back to her tits. Opening her mouth a little, she starts to breath faster, and slides her feet back on the ground towards her butt - bending her legs with her pressed-together knees pointing at the sky. 

Her eyes get intense, and she stares into mine - as she slowly lets her knees fall apart. Again my eyes drop with a click onto her pussy, and I can see I was right about the visible hood. Her sparse pussy hair dribbles down the sides of her cunt, petering out half way to her hole. Her outer lips are thin, and look like regular skin that ends in a long slash. Inner lips are the same color, and run parallel the whole way, finally diving under the triangular hood on top. She tilts her pelvis up a bit, and the little button of her clit peeks out from under the hood. Widening her legs, she brings her hands to the sides of her pussy and spreads it apart - showing me her long red gash. Moist but not soaking, she brings one hand to her mouth, licks her finger, brings it back down again, then drags it up the length of her slit. She moans, looks at Kylie, then gives her a little nod.

Kylie jumps off my lap, says "be right back", then heads down the hall. We hear drawers opening in her room, all the while Shannon and I stare at each other as she slides two fingers up and down the outside of her slit. Kylie comes back in a minute carrying a vibrator and small bottle of lube. I haven't seen either before (god knows Kylie doesn't need lube!). She walks over and hands the lube to Shannon, putting the vibrator on the coffee table next to her before returning to my lap. Facing away from me, she straddles my legs, sits her tiny butt into my crotch, and leans her body back against me - resting her head on my shoulder. Grabbing my arms and wrapping them around her, she appears to be enjoying this as much as I am.

Shannon opens the lube, then drips some of the viscous fluid down onto her pussy hair. With her other hand, she smears the lube up and down the length of her slit, then two fingers inside her crease, oiling the whole area. Now, she gets to it: one hand back up to her tit, the other placing the flats of her two middle fingers right above her clit, and starts to rub little circles on the hood. 

Kylie starts to squirm her butt on my crotch, and takes one of my hands and brings it up to message her little tit. Seeing this, Shannon gives a moan and presses into herself a little harder. She then slides those two middle fingers down, then up the length of her slit, leaving her first and pinky fingers out to stroke her outer lips. Back to the circles pressing down on her clit for a while, then slide up and down, over and over. 

By now, Kylie has unbuttoned her tank, and unhooked the clasp on the front of her bra, freeing her titties to the cool air and my massaging hands. Squeezing her A cups, pulling and twisting her nipples, she starts to slide down my lap while softly moaning. Her skirt rides up as she slumps, and I take a moment to pull the front up to her waist. Thin see through white panties, her whole crotch is spread open and visible except for the double white fabric covering her hole. I place one hand on her mound, slowly rubbing her up and down through the cloth.

By now, Shannon is working hard, and when she slides her fingers down her slit, she slips the middle one into her pussy. Swirl and swirl, palm against her cunt...then back up to rub her clit. Breathing heavy now, she slides her finger back down into her hole, and pushes her palm onto her pelvic bone as she swirls her finger in her hot depths. Pretty quiet up till this time, her soft moaning starts as she finger fucks herself.

Kylie is beside herself by now. One hand squeezing the breast I'm not holding, the other trying to reach underneath her to grab my dick, my leg...anything. My other hand has been busy on top of her panties, and her juices are leaking out as she whines and moans her passion - my little baby has never been quiet when she's excited.

Shannon pulls her finger out of her pussy, then reaches over and picks up the vibrator. Long and white, it looks like a hand held microphone topped with a soft round rubber head. As she drips some lube onto it's head, Kylie takes my hand and slides it down inside the front of her panties. Over the soft skin, past her bald little mound, till I dip a finger into her slick little slit. "Mmmmmm" she coos, slowly rotating her hips against my finger.

Shannon turns the vibrator on to a little hum, then brings it down to the top of her clitty hood, barely touching the skin with it. As she holds it there, an "ooooohhh" escapes her lips, and she lifts her knees higher and spreads just a little more. Take the vibrator away, wait a moment, then back down for another feather touch...she repeats this a half dozen times. Looking into my eyes, she shudders a little bit, then presses the head down onto her clit firmly. "OOOOHHHHH!", her shoulders curl inward as her knees flex and pump, and she pants "Heh Heh Heh" for a few moments before taking it away and relaxing some. 

Kylie is nearing the edge. It's obvious she's as turned on by what we're seeing as I am, and nearly as much as Shannon is by having us watch her. Squeezing and pulling on her naked titties, finger in her hot little slit rubbing her clit, she's starting to tense up and lift her legs up as she spreads them. Seeing this, Shannon turns up the vibration and starts to push the vibrator head firmly onto her clit. Watching her best friend beat off, my skillful hands, possibly the sound of the vibrator working harder...whatever it is, it sends Kylie over the edge.

"Oh oh oh Oh Oh Oh OH OH OH OOOOOOHHHHHH!!" she bears down, grinding her teeth as her legs kick and shake. I hold her as her tight body freezes through her orgasm, till she eventually starts to melt and go limp. Shannon's eyes have finally left mine as she sees her best friend explode in pleasure, and her hand on the vibrator is pushing harder and harder into her clitty. 

"Nnnnn...Nnnnnnn...NNNNNN...", as Shannon starts to rub the vibrator up and down - HARD - on her clitty, Kylie starts to recover and sit up. Still panting, she turns to me and says "She's close. Watch this...specially watch her pussy."

"NNUUHHH...NNUUUHHHH...NNNUUUHHH..." Spreading her legs as far as they can go, both hands grinding the vibrator onto her pussy, Shannon's legs start to jerk. Not shake or tremble like Kylie's...she looked like she was reacting to short electrical shocks. Every shock ripped an "AAHHH!!" from her lips, and those shocks and groans are coming closer and closer together. Finally, they join together into an all out wail of pleasure.

"AAAAGGGGHHHHHH!!" she screams as her whole body jerks. She drops the vibrator, clutches the couch with one hand and the coffee table with the other, and jerks and hiccups as the waves roll over her. With nothing blocking the view, I can see her pussy flex and open, flex and open...like a little mouth smacking it's lips - matching the jerks that keep hitting her body. This goes on for a good 15 to 20 seconds, slowly diminshing as she starts to curl down into herself, looking at the ground.

Breathing hard, she raises her head and looks at us - smiles a tired smile, then slumps back against the couch. Kylie untangles herself from me and gets up on unsteady legs...skirt and panties akimbo, bra and shirt falling off - and walks over to sit by her friend and hug her around the shoulders. Next to each other like that, the differences in their bodies are enormous. Kylie's tiny soft titty smushed up against Shannon's larger firm breast...Shannon's tan skin and lighter tan lines contrasting to Kylie's all over paleness...her hairy and long gash compared to my baby's bald little slit...they were like bookends marking the limits of feminine beauty.

"That was incredible...you are amazing! Oh my god...I can't believe what I just saw!"

Both girls look up at me and smile, then I go over and sit on Shannon's other side - so Kylie and I are hugging her in a sandwich. It suddenly strikes me...this is the first time I have held Shannon! I can feel her muscles under her shoulders, but also a little tremble of exhaustion. As her breathing starts to return to normal, Kylie leans over and kisses her cheek, and I do to. She turns and gives each of us a little kiss back, then slowly gets to her feet, and stumbles down the hall.

"She always does that. As soon as she cums, she has to go to the bathroom. She said it's one of the two things boys don't understand about her when they first hook up. The other is her pussy - did you see it kissing while she came?" I nod uh huh. "Well, it's really sensitive during and after her "O", so she can't stand to have it touched. When doing it with a boy, she has to shove him out of her the moment she cums, so he usually has to finish by himself. On first dates, she says it makes the boys think she doesn't like them."

'First dates.' Where the hell were girls like her when I went to high school?!

"I don't know...if she let me do that to her on her first date, I wouldn't be too worried that she didn't like me."

"Boys are stupid...you're not." She smiles a wicked smile at me, and says "Who knows...she might!"

Shannon comes in wearing a small red silk robe - obviously borrowed from Kylie and fitting like you'd expect, and says "Might what?"
