 Author's Note: This is the conclusion to the story of Kylie, Shannon and Coach Fish. I have never written a fictional story before...haven't written anything longer than a letter since school. I don't really know if it reads very well - when I read other's stories I stand back in awe. If you liked it, or have any input, I'd be interested in your viewpoint.

*****

Tuesday morning, and I'm getting through the stuff the substitute left me from yesterday. Always busy when you come back from missing a day, today is no different...except for the images that keep flashing through my brain:

Shannon's eyes boring into me, standing in the ocean up to her shoulders, her chest rising and falling as she breathes hard after our race. 

Her face and full breasts silhouetted against the cliff face and blue sky above as she boned me on the sand in the hidden alcove.

The speed and power she fucked with - total concentration, no foreplay or 'distractions'...how open and accepting her warm pussy was when she was ready.

I smile to myself when I remember she owes me one. "Anytime, Mr. Fish", as I recall. The smile sticks around as I get ready for the day.

Classes are busy, with Thanksgiving break coming up next week. With that whole week off, we'll only have a couple more weeks to finish the semester. I haven't seen or talked to Kylie since Sunday morning, so I'm looking forward to 4th period. I spot her as the students come in...yet when I smile at her, she gives me a peeved look. What's wrong? Is she mad at me...Shannon...us?

She sees my confusion and smiles ruefully as she looks down at her outfit. Black strap 2 inch heels, skin tight jeans, leading up to...an old baggy prep rally t-shirt. She got dressed coded! Whatever she had been wearing, an administrator decided it was too racy and she had to cover it up.

Class was busy, so we didn't have time to talk...and same with lunch - lots of folks needing help. She catches my eye and says "6th" as she goes for the door, and I nod.

She walks in my classroom a few minutes after 6th period started wearing that spirit t-shirt, and as I smirk at her she says:

"Don't you laugh...this is all your fault."

"My fault? I didn't dress you today."

She looks around to make sure we really ARE alone, then says, "Yeahhhh...sort of...you did."

"Oh. Vicky's Secret?"

She nods quickly, starting to brighten up as she describes her new purchase, "It's reallllly sexy with beautiful fabric that's soooo fine and has all this lace but it's realllly tight and I always get padded but you say you love them so much so I didn't and it fits me so well and it looks so pretty and mean old bitch Mrs. Talon who's just jealous 'cause she's such an old hag made me put on this shirt and...and...it RUINED my outfit!" She stamps her foot, and glares at me - I control myself so I don't smile...it would be disastrous.

"But, you still have your...whatever it is. You can still wear it later."

She looks at me with a glint, and says "I'm still wearing it now."

"But, I thought Mrs. Talon..."

"I had my big white peasant blouse over top, but she said it was too see through." (She's right...I know that shirt, and it IS too see through). "So, they made me switch shirts." She looks at me coyly, and says "Wanna see?"

My blinds are always closed, because my windows look out onto the girls bathroom...it's surprising the number of teenage boys who just want to stare at that building. Front door is closed, but not locked...but the interior door to our shared common room is open. Four classrooms open into that space, but only teachers are (supposed to be) allowed in it. By 6th, my neighbor Jesse is usually the only one left, and she rarely leaves her room. Go for it, I think...just make it quick. I nod at her, and lean in standing next to her, our arms at our sides brushing. 

Looking at my face, she pulls the top of her baggy t-shirt out, making it easy for me to look straight down her shirt. I thought it would be a new sexy bra, but I was wrong - it's a pretty little see through camisole. It's pretty dark inside her shirt, but I can clearly see her sweet little titties being caressed by the almost clear white fabric. Patterns of lace roam throughout, yet do nothing to hide or obscure - one lace flower covers her right nipple, but even in the darkened shirt I can see the pink of her little bud. Hard to tell, but it looks like it has little laces down the front...or maybe that's just a little bow on the top between the tiny thin shoulder straps. 

No shit she couldn't wear this visibly at school.

"What dya think?"

"Oh honey...that's beautiful! You look so amazing in that." I'm still staring down her shirt. As she moves a little, a bit of her flat lace covered belly comes in to view. The cami ends just where her slim hips start to curve out.

"Soft too. Here, feel." She takes my hand with hers, and slides it up inside her shirt and places it on her belly. Soft it is, but I'm looking for something softer. Sliding my hand up, I cup her little breast while leaning into her body. She moans and leans back, and we both lock out everything but the feel of my large hand smoothing and stroking, feeling her beautiful soft titty through the gossamer fabric of her lingerie. 

"Wait - what the hell are we doing?!" I pull my hand out fast, step away and say "I'm going to be at your house in an hour. Show me then." She gives me a mischievous grin, takes a fast look around, then a quick kiss on the cheek and she's out the door. 

Two hours later, we're laying in her tiny bed, holding each other and drifting in the afterglow. As our breathing returns to normal, I think how much wear we are putting on this old quilt we cover her bed with (I pulled it off once by mistake, Kylie said she had to wash the sheets twice to make sure her mom wouldn't know). 

"So...what did you think?" She asks, rubbing my thigh with hers.

"Amazing honey. Didn't you hear me gargle there at the end?"

She giggled and snuggled closer. "I thought you were choking. I was going to jump on your chest to Heimlich you."

"How about you?" I ask.

"Right. Like you have to ask. I can't hide when I cum, and you make me cum a LOT! No...I meant what did you think of my new outfit?"

Her camisole had small curve seams sewn right under her breasts, and the fabric bloused out just a tiny bit...forming soft little transparent nests to hold her lovely little breasts. It came with a pair of matching see through white panties, sporting the same pretty lace that did nothing to make them more opaque. Utterly beautiful, utterly impractical...Kylie had bought a stunning set of fuck-me lingerie. She was so proud of it, she wouldn't let me take it off her, and instead folded it on the chair before she came over to suck my cock.

"You're getting better at that," I say, "I had to stop you or it all would have been over too soon."

"Cool! I thought that's why you suddenly pulled it out and started on me." 

"Honey, I love every part of you...but I would much rather be in your pretty little pussy than your pretty little mouth."

"Good! Me too."

We hug in silence for a while, then she says: "How was it yesterday? With you and Shannon."

I worry here. I know these two girls tell each other everything, and I'm sure she already knows...but...it's hard to talk to one woman you're fucking about another woman you're fucking. Well, raise the pinky and dive right in:

"Wild. Really wild. She's kind of like a force of nature. We almost crashed on the way over, had what seemed to be a race to the death within 5 minutes of getting there..and she laid me down and fucked me silly on this tiny hidden beach. Wild."

"Yeah, she told me she played with you a little too much on the drive. And of course she raced you to the death! This is Shannon we're talking about...she couldn't give up if she wanted to. She said she thinks she could beat you in a short sprint, but you just never slowed down. That really turned her on, by the way...watching your shoulders pumping as you powered on by."

I smile. Cool.

"No," she fidgets, "what I meant was, how was it while you were fucking?"

"Uhhh...I don't know how to answer that. It was good."

"'Good'. Sweet, I'll tell her you said that...I'm sure it will brighten her day."

"She knows how I feel, we talked the whole way home."

"Yeah, but I mean...how does she do it different? She's seen me do it...I haven't seen her."

"But, I don't want to be telling stories about a woman I just made love to!"

"Made love? The way she tells it, you guys fucked like animals 3 times, but you each only came twice. She said she owes you a lay, but would do it anyway even if she didn't."

Well, that settles that. I guess I can tell her what she wants to know. 

"OK...you sure you want me to tell you this? All right. First, I've gotta say that you - and everything about you - is what I want right now. If I say Shannon's hair is pretty, that means that yours is twice as fine."

"Cool it Coach. We aren't jealous of each other, and I know that what you and I have is a fling - not a lifetime. You've told me that enough times. I just want to know how YOU felt yesterday...to see how a man sees it."

"Well. She likes to fuck hard, and right away. She's not much into kissing and foreplay, and her pussy is always ready...long as you have something for lube. She took me inside her in a single stroke each time. She likes hard, steady pressure on her clitoris. Her clit is the door to her orgasm...everything else is just window dressing."

"I saw that, when she was teaching me how to use the vibrator. She pushed it in really hard and held it there...but when I tried, it was too much."

"And when she comes, get the hell out of the way. I've heard of women who can't stand contact during an orgasm...but never as strong as this. On the other hand, maybe that's related to how strong she cums...she screamed hard both times yesterday."

"She's always been like that. She said you were really good about that yesterday. You let her do it the way she wanted to." She looks down at her feet, rubs them together, then quietly asks, "Do you wish you could fuck me that hard...do it like that with me?"

"Oh Honey. I love the way we fuck. I love to kiss you and stroke you as we both get excited. I love to talk to you and look at you and see the changes on your pretty face. I adore your beautiful breasts, and I have never in my life seen a pussy more indescribably delicious than yours. I love how tight you are, and how wet you get and always open up for me. I love how your legs shake and you tell me when you're coming. You are the complete package, MY complete package, and I wouldn't trade what we do for anyone, anytime."

"Except her blowjobs." Pinky extended.

I nod in defeat. "Except her blowjobs."

She hugs me as she cuddles against me. As we lay there, a thought occurred to me - and in a careless way, I just thought it out loud:

"She likes to fuck like a teenage boy. No talking, fast and hard, always ready. Likes to be in control, and when she's done you're done. I wonder if she likes to do it with girls?"

Kylie freezes next to me, and says "That's gross."

"What's gross?"

"Two girls. Lesbos. Gross."

Hmmm. Really? "Sooo...you two haven't ever..."

"No. We like boys."

"But...you've seen each other naked.

"We've known each other since we were 12. We've watched as our bodies changed, and showed and talked to each other the whole time. Yes we've seen each other naked."

"You've kissed. Frenched."

"When we were in middle school, to practice so we would know what to do with a boy."

"You watched each other masturbate. Talked and helped each other. She's watched you fuck, and you both talk about every single sexual event that happens to you."

"Yeah, but that's all pretend. As long as we don't touch each other's pussys, we aren't lesbos." So THAT'S the cut-off.

"There's nothing wrong with lesbians, and I don't think you guys are anyway...you've both fucked my brains out recently. But, a lot of people are 'bi', and are happy with either. I was just wondering if you guys..."

"No! I told you. We like boys."

Drop it. Hug her, kiss her forehead, "Well, that's DAMN good news for me...and half the population on the planet." A little more chat, a little more skin to skin time...then time to get dressed and head on home.

That night, my wife and I are talking about our plans to go to my brother's house for Thanksgiving...he and his family only live an hour away, and we don't see them enough. She mentions she wants to spend some time with Nana, and is going to go up to see her the day after the holiday. Stay for a long weekend, and come back Sunday night. I ask if Nana is doing OK...this is my wife's third trip up in 2 months, and she usually doesn't like driving that much. She looks away, says yes she's fine, just gets lonely sometimes...then changes the subject back to Thanksgiving. Part of me wonders if anything is wrong, the other part is excited about asking the girls to spend the weekend.

Towards the end of lunch the next day, the three of us are huddled at the front of the room, and I ask them if they could join me next Friday. "Yeah!", "Sure. We'll be back from my aunt's by then." 

"Awesome! Bring clothes for the weekend, and I'll get the quads out and we can do some four wheeling." I own 5 acres of brushy hillside adjoining my house...the last of the 20 acres my dad passed on to my brother and I. Worth a lot of money in Southern Cal by now, I don't want to sell it and watch the houses sprout up next door, so I just leave it wild and use it for riding. 

Kylie and I can't make our usual rendezvous tomorrow...the Thursday before break and I have too much work to do. She's leaving Saturday morning with her mom and Shannon to go up to Van Nuys to stay a few days with her aunt. Shannon's parents don't celebrate Thanksgiving (or any other holidays really, for that matter), so it's become normal for her to spend them with her bestie. That means we won't see each other for a week, so Friday 6th period before our break they both come to say goodbye. We set up plans to meet next Friday afternoon at the park, then I give Shannon a big hug and Kylie a deep kiss...and they're off.

I spend the early part of the week working around the house, and clearing some brush to open the trails leading around my property. The weather's beautiful; sunny and warm in the day, then clear and cooling off fast at night. It feels good to work hard outside in the sun; sweating and grimey, mind running over everything from past to possibilities...and always about the girls. 

The three of us are going to be together for days - sex will be ever present, and I wonder what permutations will develop. I know I'll be fucking Kylie, and Shannon too...but what will the other one do when they are the 'third wheel'? I think Shannon would join in for a three way...but don't know how Kylie would react. She seems to be pretty freaked out about being a 'lesbo'. Ah well...we'll know soon enough. 

Thanksgiving goes well enough. I drink beer with my brother watching football and playing with his kids while the wives get dinner ready. We eat way more than we should, Dave and I clear the table and do the dishes while the ladies get a chance to rest. Hugs, kisses, 'see you at Christmas', and my wife and I are driving back to our house. As usual, we don't talk much, and an hour later we pull into the garage and go up to bed. 

My wife wakes up early Friday, obviously excited about her trip up to Santa Barbara. Flurry of activity, clothes flying as she packs...we eat an early lunch and she's off to her grandmother's. I clean the place up, shower, then call Kylie's cell to tell her all's clear. She's just finishing packing (whispers into the phone "I need different clothes than I wore to my aunts", then giggles), and says she knows where I live, so they'll be over in about half an hour. I grab a beer, turn on some college game and sit down letting my mind race - I've never been with two women at once, and right now the two most beautiful girls I have ever known are coming over to spend the weekend. Holy Crap.

I wait outside till they get here, the garage door open so they can park in my wife's spot. As I see them drive up, I motion them into the garage, Kylie parks and they jump out. In a blur, Kylie is in my arms, hugging me and kissing my face. I hug her back for a moment, kiss her on the lips, then open the hug by reaching for Shannon, who was standing by patiently. We do a big three way squeeze, grab their bags and head into the house. Kylie and I start giving Shannon The Tour, but the bags are heavy (what the hell did they pack for just 3 days?) so I tell Kylie to continue tour guiding while I go put them in the bedroom. I have no idea what sleeping arrangement the girls want, so I just put everything in the master bedroom and come back down.

The girls are sitting in the living room - Shannon in the easy chair, Kylie on the couch next to her with her feet pulled up under her. Both are drinking beers that I recognize from my fridge. "I see you've made yourselves comfortable," I say, as Kylie pats the seat next to her for me to sit down. I sit, she leans into me as I put my arm around her, and the three of us talk about our holidays as we sit drinking beer.

Kylie has been getting a little 'handsy' while we've been sitting on the couch. Her hand on my leg has been stroking closer and closer to my bulge, and she leans in and presses her whole body against me as her wet little lips whisper in my ear. "Let's go upstairs...I want to show you something." She stands up, and taking my hand leads me out of the room...smiling at Shannon who grins at us and gives us a little wave.

As we enter the room Kylie turns and grabs me tight, rubbing her little body up and down mine. Her hands stroke my back while she presses her pelvis into mine, saying:

"Oh God Coach...I have missed you so much! It's been a whole week and I'm so horny I need you so bad. Do me coach...make me ready real fast so you can do me right now."

No need to ask twice - it HAS been a whole week. I lift her up and toss her on the bed, climb on top of her and use my body to press her down into the mattress. Holding her arms out with mine, tongue swirling in her mouth, I use my legs to spread those thin thighs and push my crotch up into hers. She's spread eagle on the bed, pushing back against me while kissing and moaning...and I realize she is wearing WAY too many clothes.

Letting go of her hands, I reach for her tank. She lifts her shoulders and head as I take it off - oh...that's what she wanted to show me. Her beautiful new bra, flimsy and blue...sorry, no time! It's on the floor in 5 seconds, joined by her shorts and panties (matching!) in 5 more. I pull off my shirt and Kylie starts on my zipper...but no time! I go down on her sweet titties, hands on one and mouth on the other. 

She usually loves this, but this time she stops me. Pressing my head down towards her pussy, she says "Hurry Coach! Get me ready". She spreads her thin legs while I use my hands to spread her tiny pussy, and I'm licking her little crease like a melting ice cream cone.

"Unnhhh. UnnnHHH! God Coach that feels good! Use your finger, put your finger in me...Ohhhh GOD! Oh, Oh, Oh," she's chanting as I slide my finger in and out of her tight teenage pussy. I lean my tongue in to her gushing slit, and start licking and sucking on her erect little clitty. "OHHHHH...OOHHHHHH!!" She's moaning and thrashing, and rubbing her pussy against my mouth - when she takes my head in her hands and pulls my face up to look at hers. "Fuck me Coach. I'm ready...fuck me now!"

"You get on top. I don't want to hurt you."

"Fuck me NOW!" she shakes her pretty head. Grabbing my dick tight with both hands, she spreads her legs wider and pulls me up to her hole. With the grip she has, I can either follow her lead or have my dick removed from my body...not a hard choice. Keeping firm hold on my dick, she dips me into her hot little well, stirs me like a spoon, then pulls me back out. Another dip, and inch or two deeper, stir and back out. She keeps doing this, gripping my dick with both hands and using it like a dildo. Pretty soon she's got me thrusting inside her (but only half way, her hands on my dick keep me from entering her all the way). 
