 Susan arrived at the airport early. The flight would not arrive for another 35 minutes. She paced nervously, as she thought about Mike. She had met Mike in a chat room her first week on literotica.com. They had a pretty steamy conversation which included her giving him a cyber blow job. They exchanged yahoo screen names and continued their conversations on an almost daily basis. 

Mike was a 22 year old single fireman recruit from Chicago. Susan was 19 years his senior and married. Her marriage had been unstable for quite sometime, lacking passion in the sex department. She stayed in her marriage for the stability and for financial reasons, but had taken up chatting with young guys as a way to fill the passion void she felt. Mike was different than the others though. They chatted about a variety of things, not just sex. She felt comfortable with him and loved his sense of humor. 

When they had steamy conversations, she would find herself really wanting to meet him. He became an addiction to her. She yearned to chat with him daily, and imagined him sitting at his computers in his boxers. She loved the pictures he sent her. She would fantasize about his full lips encircling her nipples and his mouth eagerly working her pussy. 

As she paced the airport remembering how they "met" and their conversations, she became even more nervous. What if he did not like her? What if he did not show up? What if even though she felt a tremendous sexual chemistry online, what if she felt none in person? What if he was a freak? How should she greet him? Should she give him a friendly hug? Or was it OK to hug him passionately and give him a long deep kiss? So many questions went through her mind. She decided she needed a drink to curb her anxiety so she walked over to the airport bar and sat down. She ordered a margarita on the rocks with extra salt. 

As she sat there – sipping her margarita, she started imagining the next three days with this young man she had never met. She wondered if it would be as exciting and sexually fulfilling as she hoped, or if it would be a total let down. Three margaritas later, she looked at her watch and saw that it was time. His plane should be here now. She paid her tab and quickly walked over to the gate. People were already coming off the plane. She stood there nervously waiting – wondering if she would recognize him from his pictures and if he would recognize her from hers. Then, there he was. Those gorgeous lips – she would recognize those lips anywhere. He saw her and their eyes locked. She could see the lust in his eyes, as she knew he could see the lust in hers. He walked over to her, dropped his bag to the ground and opened his arms to hug her. They hugged tightly and he kissed her softly – and then more passionately. She felt his manly excitement press against her as her pussy grew warm and moist at his touch. She could not wait to have him. She had wanted him so many times while they chatted on line. 

Luckily, they did not have to wait for his luggage since he only had a small carryon bag. Susan did not think she could have waited on the luggage to be unloaded from the plane – she wanted him and she wanted him now. They exited the airport terminal and went to their awaiting car. Susan had hired a limo to take them back to the condo she had rented on the beach. 

Sitting in the back seat, as the driver pulled away from his parking space, Susan turned to Mike and they embraced. As his kisses left her lips and trailed to her ears, she could not wait any longer. She reached down and unfastened and unzipped his jeans. He lifted his hips slightly as she eased his jeans down to his ankles. Her hands were on his swollen dick in seconds. She loved the warmth and hardness of it. She rubbed it against her cheeks gently while fondling his balls. She turned her head and gently kissed the tip of his penis. She lowered her head down and took his balls in her mouth one at a time – gently sucking them. She licked him hard from the base of his dick – all the way up his shaft. She looked up at him and grinned as she licked the pre-cum off the tip. She repositioned herself on the car seat so that Mike could reach her pussy. She pulled her skirt up – revealing to him that she was wearing a black garter belt and stockings – with no panties. Her pussy was already so wet. 

He reached his hand down to the warm wetness and she moaned. As his fingers glided across her wet lips, flicking her clit, she began to buck her hips forward, wanting more. By now she had his entire cock inside her mouth – swirling her tongue and sucking. He moaned and with each moan, she became even more aroused, sucking even more fervently. Her body shook as he brought her to an orgasm with nothing but his dancing fingers. She whimpered as she came and could feel his cock twitch in her mouth and then she felt him spew his cum deep in her throat. She swallowed his manly gift and looked up at him coyly as she licked one remaining drop from the tip of his cock. 

Mike winked at Susan and pointed to the limo driver who was at that moment, experiencing his own climax. Susan had not realized that they had reached the condo parking lot a few minutes ago and the limo driver had been enjoying the show and pleasing himself. Susan giggled and said she guessed she would not have to tip him. As they rode the elevator up to the rented condo, Susan smiled. She had no more anxiety; she knew the next few days would be every thing she hoped for – and more.