 Traci was trying hard not to be depressed, although if she knew what was in store for her, it would have made that task a lot easier.

She had just received a call from her best friend at work, Julie, and now she had a big decision to make. She and Julie had made plans to go camping for a few days in a remote area of Pennsylvania about an hour away that they had checked out last month.

But now Julie wasn't going to be able to go along. She had gotten a call about 30 minutes ago from her dad, telling her that her mom had been rushed to the hospital with heart problems. She told Traci that she was really sorry, but she'd have to go home to New Jersey to be with them.

Traci certainly understood, but now she had a decision to make -- cancel the entire trip, or go alone?

At 29 years of age, she was not in a good place in life. Her boyfriend of about five years had broken things off about three months ago, which kind of saved her the trouble of doing it herself. They lived too far apart and didn't have enough common interests to keep it going.

But she was worried about how her life was headed. She had a decent job, working as a nurse in a hospital, and she had some good friends like Julie. But she was getting concerned -- when was she going to find Mr. Right?

She'd never been one to go out much, and being in the relationship with Donnie had wasted other opportunities. 

Traci and Julie had discovered that they both loved to fish about a month ago, and had cooked up this trip to get away from everything. Julie believed Traci just needed a pep talk to get her head on straight before she got back out into the dating scene.

After all, Traci was still desirable, unless you liked tiny women.

Standing about 5-10, she had shoulder-length dirty blonde hair, a pleasant face, long legs and a beautiful heart-shaped butt, even if it did carry a few extra pounds. But men were mostly drawn to her best assets, her breasts.

It was pretty much impossible for Traci to dress in a way that hid her 34 D boobs, although she tried very hard to do so at the hospital. From the looks and attention of her male patients and the doctors, she didn't quite succeed.

Eventually, Traci decided that she needed to go get away from everything, even if she would be alone.

-----

Traci arrived at the small, family-owned campground mid-morning on Sunday. It was the middle of May and the camp was not crowded, so Traci was able to claim a spot that was perfect for her needs -- it was furthest away from the center of camp, it was close to a couple of streams and it had a decent-sized grassy area in case she wanted to catch some rays.

After setting up her tent and arranging the rocks just right for a campfire later, Traci ate lunch. She decided since it was a nice sunny day in the mid-70s, some sunbathing was in order before she broke out the fishing gear.

So she set out her lounge chair, went inside the tent and changed into a bikini.

About an hour later, Traci heard a noise in the direction of the stream and set her book down. She could see a guy through the trees walking parallel with the creek and he was obviously a fisherman. She watched him cast his line into the stream, and began reading again.

But she had the feeling that eyes were upon her, and sure enough when she looked up the guy was staring her way.

She couldn't tell for sure, but the fisherman looked young. He was tall, with longish hair, and was wearing a very tight T-shirt under his fishing vest.

They began doing a kind of dance with their eyes. He would look away toward the stream, and she would wait until he looked back at her, then she would pretend to be reading. Then she'd look up, hoping he was watching her again. 

This went on for several minutes. Traci did not feel threatened at all, so she decided to add some spice. While he was not looking, she spread her legs wider. The next time he was looking, she "dropped" her book mark and bent forward to retrieve it, knowing that her big tits were creating lots of cleavage.

He eventually moved away and Traci got another hour of sun before she decided it was time for her to go fishing.

She and her father didn't have a whole lot in common, but going fishing with him growing up was one of her fondest memories. The two streams near the camp site were stocked with trout by the state, and even though it was getting later in the season, she hoped she'd still catch some.

Traci walked directly to the place she'd seen the fisherman before and sure enough, there was a nice, long riffle below a protruding rock. She found one of her favorite spinners in her vest and tied it on, and on her first cast got a hit, but missed it.

The second cast produced a 10-inch rainbow, which she landed and promptly threw back.

That's when she looked up to see the fisherman standing only 10 yards away. He was young, taller than her, with a handsome face. And, yes he did fill out that shirt nicely.

He smiled and nodded his head, so Traci did, too.

He moved downstream about 10 more yards to a shaded pool, but he and Traci kept making eye contact. And gradually, Traci started thinking about things other than fishing.

It had been three months since she had been dumped by her boyfriend, but it was longer than that since she'd had sex. And the more the fisherman's eyes gazed at her, the more she realized just how horny she was.

Her mind took over after that, concocting several wild fantasies about what she would like to do with that young man standing just downstream. His eyes told her he might be thinking some lewd thoughts, too.

Finally, she said to herself, why the fuck not? 

So she reeled in her spinner, attached it to the rod, walked down to where was standing, and said, "Are you thirsty?"

And he said, in a croaking voice, "Uh, yeah, I could be."

"Well, I've got some cold beer right over there. C'mon."

When they got to the campsite, Traci pulled two Yuenglings out of her cooler and handed him one. She sat in her chair and he sat on a nearby tree stump.

"I'm Traci."

"I'm Jesse. Thanks for the beer. Doing some camping, huh?"

"Yeah, I'm here for a few days. Just needed to get away and do some fishing. How about you?"

"Well, I live about a half mile from here, over that ridge on the other side of the creek."

"Really? I assumed that was all woods that way. Let me ask you a question -- how old are you?"

"Just turned 19, why?"

"I needed to know before I ask you this question: Do you wanna fuck me? We've been eyeing each other up and down for a couple of hours and I am so horny I'm about ready to explode."

Jesse's face lit up as he said, "Well, yeah, I think I can help you with that."

They clinked cans, then took a huge swig of beer, and Traci said, "Let's go. In the tent."

Fortunately, the tent was a big one. Once they closed the flap, clothes began flying and in no time at all both were naked and on their knees. 

"Damn, lady, you have some really big titties," Jesse said as he reached out to grab them.

About that time, Traci sucked in a deep breath and said, "Holy shit!"

She had just looked down to check out Jesse's equipment and was stunned. He wasn't even hard yet and it was already the biggest cock Traci had even seen, other than a few porn scenes she'd looked at.

As she reached out a hand toward it, the big dick twitched and appeared to grow another inch. By the time she stretched her hand around it, it was hard as a rock with a huge, dark red head.

"My god, how big is that thing?"

"About 8 ½. A lady friend of mine just measured it last month."

Traci had to taste it. She lunged forward and popped the head right in her mouth, licking furiously. She spit on the head and used her hand to distribute the wetness down the shaft. Then she plunged down, trying to take in as much as she could, but only got about halfway.

No matter. For several minutes, Traci lost herself on the massive cock, drooling and sucking and licking all over it as she felt her pussy getting wetter.

Then she stopped, sat up and said, "I need that thing in me. Now."

Jesse smiled, like this wasn't the first time he'd heard that line. And he obliged.

Traci lay on her back and Jesse knelt between her legs, put his hands around her ass, lined up his dick and smoothly entered her. He went slowly, but he didn't stop until he had filled her with his cock.

"Oh, lord, that feels good," she said. "Fuck me."

And Jesse did. Unlike many men, he was patient. But he was thorough. He simply relentlessly plunged his dick into Traci as she squealed with delight, keeping up a good pace until his knees started to hurt.

"How about you go on top now?"

"Yes, yes, just don't take it out."

So they did a slow roll across the tent floor until the positions were reversed and Traci immediately started banging up and down on his cock. Not that she was counting, but Traci was sure she had at least three good orgasms while riding him.

Finally, Jesse's breathing started to get a little ragged and he said, "I'm getting close."

"Put it in me -- all of it."

Seconds later, Traci swore she could feel the first spurt of cum rocket up his shaft and then it splashed deep within her. After that, she didn't feel much of anything except her own orgasm rippling through her pussy and expanding to her whole abdomen as she shook.

It took a while for either of them to move, but eventually, Traci reluctantly pulled herself off him and rolled to the side.

"Wow," she said. "That was a great fuck."

"Not to brag, but I've never had any complaints."

"I can see why. Hey, what are you doing tomorrow -- can we do this again?"

"I'll be here. You're a lot of fun."

Once Jesse left, Traci laid on her sleeping bag and propped herself up with pillows and thought about what had just happened. It was very much out of character for her to come on to a man like she did, throw caution to the wind and just let it fly. She'd only ever had a couple of one-night stands, and she knew both of those guys before.

She felt a little wicked and a little slutty.

But Traci also had a big smile on her face. 

She could still sense that massive cock sliding up in her, and her hand trailed down to her pussy. As she gently rubbed her clit and then inserted a couple of fingers in her slit, she could feel some of Jesse's cum leaking out, making it easier to plunge her fingers deeper. With her fingers pushing in and her thumb on her clit it didn't take Traci long to produce another orgasm.

Later that night before she fell asleep, Traci thought about what she wanted to try with Jesse the next day. She went to sleep with a smile on her face.

-----

Traci awoke to the sounds of birds chirping. She sat up and stretched, and right away remembered that Jesse would be paying her another visit today. And the smile returned.

She expected him in the afternoon, so as soon as she drank some juice and had two granola bars, Traci got her fishing gear and headed downstream. 

It was beautiful day to be outside and the fishing was good. The stream wasn't much more than 12 yards wide in most places, but with plenty of big rocks and fallen logs, there were pools and riffles every few yards that could hold a trout or two.

Traci caught one small brook trout, a few rainbows similar to the one she caught the day before, and, in the last pool she fished, a nice brown trout took her spinner deep. It fought hard and nearly got under a log before Traci was able to bring him to hand in shallow water.

Because the hooks were set deep, Traci decided she'd keep this fish and have him for lunch. When she got back to camp, she fried the trout in butter, had a wonderful meal, got into her bikini and sat in the sun waiting for Jesse to show up.

He kept her waiting until just after 4 o'clock.

"Sorry I couldn't get here sooner," he said as he walked toward through the trees. "I had to help my grandpa on his farm today."

"That's cool. It just gave me more time to think about what I'm going to do to you today."

"Oh, wow. Uh, would you mind if I get into the creek and get cleaned off first? Did a lot of sweating today."

"No, in fact, I'll join you."

So they walked down to the creek and around the bend, out of sight of the campground, to a nice pool that even had a bit of a sandy area on their side.

Jesse immediately started stripping and when his shorts and briefs came down, Traci was again amazed by the size of his cock, even though it wasn't the least bit hard yet.

Jesse dove right in and came up shaking his head.

"Ahh, that feels good, but it is kinda cold."

Traci started wading out, deciding to keep her bikini on -- for now. And the clear water, coming out of the nearby mountains, was cold. But after being in the sun all afternoon, it felt good.

They both got into the water and splashed around a while, but Traci was anxious to get him back to the tent.

"OK, you're clean enough for me. Let's go, mister."

Traci made the short trek back to her site, opened the tent and found a towel to wipe her feet. She arranged her sleeping bag, pulled off her suit, then handed Jesse the towel when he arrived. Once his feet were clean he fell back inside and was immediately pulled to his back by Traci, who then zipped the tent shut.

They fell into a tight embrace, which, with the heat that had built inside the tent during the day, helped them get warm again.

After a short kissing session, Traci was ready.

She moved down between Jesse's legs and wrapped her hand around his dick, which wasn't stiff at all. And yet it was still big enough that she couldn't reach the head with her thumb.

"I've been thinking about this cock since yesterday, and now I'm going to get my treat."

With that, Traci bent down and popped the head into her eager mouth. As she sucked and licked all around the head and underside, Jesse groaned and his dick began to rise. Traci tried to go as far down as possible before it reached its full size, but still only got about two-thirds of the way down.

And now it was fully engorged, and what a sight it was. Traci put both of her hands around it and still had room to bob her head up and down and she developed a nice rhythm. 

She licked all the way down the shaft and back up, swirling her tongue, which seem to please Jesse. She alternated sucking as hard as she could with stroking the cock with her hands. She spit on it and nuzzled it with her lips. She tried every trick she knew, hoping she could eventually get a reward of a mouthful of cum.

Jesse had a slightly different plan.

"Hey, I've been thinking about your awesome tits for a whole day now. Let me try something."

"I'm OK with that as long you end up in my mouth at the end."

"I promise."

Jesse got to his knees and as Traci got to hers in front of him, he gently pulled her generous breasts together and aimed his cock between them. It was a nice, tight fit, but they could tell right away that the angle was wrong.

So Traci got on her back and Jesse straddled her chest. As she squeezed her tits together, Jesse moved forward and slid his huge dick in between. He was so excited that he felt some precum escaping, which made it easier to glide between her beautiful pillows of flesh.

It felt so good that Jesse had his eyes closed at first, but he opened them because he wanted to see what was happening. He was amazed by how Traci's tits practically covered up his big dick. Even when he pivoted forward, only the head and about another inch of cock were visible.

Between the tight fit and the wonderful sight of Traci's big boobs and stiff nipples, Jesse knew he'd be coming soon.

As his moans got louder, Traci was getting ready, trying to get her mouth in position. But when he gave a loud grunt, the first geyser of cum hit her directly on the chin and lips. She quickly adjusted, and at the same time pulled Jess closer so she could get her lips wrapped around the head.

And she did it just in time to catch the second spurt in her hungry throat. And there was a lot more after that that Traci quickly swallowed. Then she took her time to collect the rest of his cum from his dick and her chin.

"I'm sorry, but that came on really fast," Jesse said.

"That's all right -- I got most of it, and it was yummy. And there was a lot of it."

"Well, it was pretty exciting fucking your tits. They are beautiful."

With that, Jesse moved to the side and began fondling and caressing her breasts, then bending over and taking her nipples into his mouth. He alternated sucking and licking both sides, while keeping his hands busy as well.

"Ooooh, that feels good," Traci said. "Keep doing it."

Jesse was happy to comply, keeping it up for at least another 10 minutes. He had never had the pleasure of playing with tits this big before and was surprised how firm they were in spite of their size.

But he also wanted something else.

"I think somebody else needs to get off now, so how about letting me eat some pussy?"

"Oh, god, yes. Take all you want."

Traci moved up higher on the sleeping bag to give Jesse room and he quickly dropped down flat with his face right in her hairless crotch. He didn't waste any time teasing, which was smart because Traci was already dripping wet.

He dragged his tongue from the top of her slit to the bottom, dipped inside, then slowly went back up. He kept his movements slow at first, happy to taste her juices and smell that wonderful womanly scent. And he purposely didn't attack her clit yet.

Gradually, Jesse increased the movement of his tongue, flicking it from side to side and up and down. Then he pushed it inside her as far as he could go and when he came out he made a wide, heavy swipe up and down. By this time his face was covered with juice and Traci was moaning.

That's when he went to her clit with his tongue and lips. When he pushed a couple of fingers inside her while lapping at the nub, that sent Traci over the edge and she had to stifle a scream as her body shook for almost a minute.

As Jesse moved up to lay beside her, Traci gabbed his face and pulled him to her lips, kissing him greedily and getting her juices on her face and on her lips and tongue. She was so excited, she didn't give it a thought.

"Damn, that was good. You're only 19, how the hell did you get this good at sex?"

"Uh, well, I sort of have a reputation around here. I guess word got around about the size of my dick, so I get lots of attention from the ladies. There's even a couple of older sisters and moms of my friends that have, uh, showed me some things."

"Sucks to be you, huh?"

"I ain't complainin'."

"Well, listen, I'm not done with you. Think you can get it up again? Here, let me give that cock some encouragement."

Traci reached down and found his dick, playing with it while gently rolling his balls around in her hand. Then she crawled down closer and took it in her mouth again.

It didn't take long for Jesse to get hard again, thanks to the energetic work being done by Traci's mouth. He'd had his cock in plenty of mouths, but Traci was one of the best, so he let her keep going long after he was ready to fuck. 

Traci never had a dick this big to play with, so she took more time than needed. But finally, the urge to have that monster in her pussy overwhelmed her.

"All right, big guy, I need fucked."

She got up on her knees and faced away from him, giving him a spectacular view of her large ass and moist slit. He got in position, maneuvered his cock head between her lips, then slowly entered her hot and slick canal.

"Oh, yesss. God, that feels so good in me."

"You want it hard?"

"I want it any way you want to give it to me."

"OK, here you go."

Jesse kept it slow at first -- as much as he didn't want to -- but he gradually increased the tempo of his fucking. This girl and her nice, plump butt felt so good to pound into, and her pussy was clamped around his swollen cock like a vice.
