 Since turning 30 I've been in a reflective mood, thinking about the good old days and of friends I haven't seen in years. I decided to try to contact a few people just to see how their lives were going now. It worked out better than I imagined. Every person I wrote or called was happy to hear from me and I had a great time catching up. 

The most interesting reunion was with Tammy, my first long-term girlfriend. She had dumped me about 9 years earlier after dating for 3 years. The breakup broke my heart but I realized afterwards that she was right to end the relationship. We were simply too young and had so much more life to experience before we could commit to anything serious. So we parted ways and both ended up moving to different cities after graduating university. 

Despite the years that passed and the other serious relationships that developed, I never forgot Tammy. We may not have been perfect for each other in some ways, but she was the most sexually compatible woman I have ever been with. We were both inexperienced when we met, but soon made up for that. Our time together was dominated by sexual exploration. We could not get enough of each other's bodies and of dreaming up new ways to excite each other. I would frequently spend my university class time imagining how I was going to seduce and make love to her, and it turns out she did the same with me. Gradually we stripped away our inhibitions and shared ever naughtier fantasies, usually while role-playing. Happily, we discovered that we shared virtually the same turn-ons. 

We always enjoyed teasing each other, trying to turn the other on so much that they'll do anything for a release. We became expert at it and we playfully battled to out-torment the other and she usually won. I've had some great sex since Tammy, but no one has ever turned me on as completely as she did. I won't pretend that these thoughts were not in the back of my mind when I contacted her and arranged to meet her, but my main intention really was just to catch up. Hell, I didn't even know if she was married or not. Work was sending her out of town conveniently close to my city, so we arranged to meet in her hotel's lounge for a few drinks. 

My stomach was in knots before meeting her. I'm a pretty moderate drinker these days, but I did toss back a few beers to calm my nerves. I had not laid eyes on her in over 7 years and was worried that we'd have nothing to say to each other. My hopes were that she still looked as good as she did before, but I expected her to have put on a few pounds and for her body to have sagged here and there. I would have been surprised if she had let herself go completely because she had been very into fitness while we were dating and had actually become a part-time aerobics instructor right after we broke up. 

On my side I was pretty certain that my looks had improved since the time she met me. My super skinny 150 pounds on a 6ft 1in frame has increased to a more muscular 180 pounds and my child-like face has matured into that of an adult. People still don't believe that I'm 30, but I don't get ID's for drinks anymore either. 

At the arranged time I walked through the hotel lobby looking for the lounge. My eyes caught the blond hair of an attractive woman sitting on a bench and it took me some time to realize it was Tammy. We hugged hello and made our way to the lounge for some gin and tonics. The high-end hotel's atmosphere was very luxurious, which seemed to enhance our conversation and started the evening off on a great note. As we drank and caught up, I tried to force my gaze not to travel down her body. It wasn't that hard since her pretty face and deep eyes were a pleasure to look at. But when she excused herself I took the opportunity to stare at the creamy white skin between her leather boots and the hem of her dress. 

It turned out that we were both single but I didn't raise my hopes of doing some of the things I had fantasized about every night for the past week. I wanted to make sure that Tammy would not win this time. 

Writing this out I understand how silly it must sound, but we had a number of sexual reunions in the year after our breakup and she had always been the one to end it. Basically this woman ended up dumping me numerous times, and each time I swore I would be stronger and not succumb to her again. But when she needed my sex again she would pull out all the stops until I agreed. She would arrive at my place dressed only in an overcoat and beg to give me head, or she would arrive in pigtails and ask to play 'babysitter', or she would beg me to force myself on her. Every time was sexually fantastic, but my pride took a beating every time the affairs ended. So even this many years later my pride overrode my libido, at least temporarily. I vowed not to initiate any sex and kept the conversation on the friendly side.

The evening progressed successfully to dinner at a nice nearby pub/restaurant. We ate well and had no end of old stories about old friends. Neither of us mentioned sex but we enjoyed a great evening anyway. After last call, I felt more than half drunk and even more convinced that she looked fantastic. I was still stubbornly determined not to cave in first with an obvious come on, but my flirting kicked into high gear. By this point I knew I wanted her but I couldn't read if the feeling was mutual. 

At 2AM we had to leave the bar and with nothing else open there was no option but to take her back to her hotel. The reunion had gone so well that I couldn't really be disappointed, but after seeing her again and remembering some of our escapades it was unfortunate that we would not be reliving some of them. I parked in front of her hotel and walked her into the lobby, determined to be a gentleman and also giving her every last chance to ask me upstairs. And then it happened. She asked me if I wanted to see her fantastic room and keep talking. It was a very casual, breezy and friendly request, but in my mind she had now come on to me first. I agreed immediately.

Her room really was fantastic, but I took very little notice. Tammy stood in front of me laying her jacket on a chair and kicking her boots into the corner. I decided that enough time had been wasted that night so I brazenly came up behind her and placed my hands on her hips. She stood up straight and shocked but did not move away. I kissed her neck as gently as I could and felt her whole body shudder. She turned around and stared at me with a desperate look on her face before melting her lips onto mine. 

We kissed for a long time before I moved my mouth down to her neck. Between uninhibited groans she told me she hadn't been sure if I wanted to... before losing her thoughts in pleasure. I unzipped her dress and let it slide to the floor, exposing the skin I had been admiring all night. My hands were gently exploring Tammy's sides and back and sensitive neck as I kissed her face. She held me tight, seemingly in a trance of need, simply letting me do as I pleased. 

I lay her on the bed and paused to take her in for a moment. She looked amazing. Seven years had taken nothing away from her. Her eyes glazed over with lust and her amazing breasts heaved deeply. She completed the look of a completely horny Tammy by slowly rubbing her thighs together and tucking her hands underneath her back. Then the devil in me spawned an idea that made me smile from ear to ear.

I crawled over Tammy and removed her bra. Her pink nipples jutted out irresistibly. I kissed and rubbed her entire torso, pulling briefly on those nipples and spending more time on her neck. By the time I reached down the front of her panties they were soaked. I peeled them down slowly, relishing her beauty. As I sat back and absorbed her body with my eyes, I noted that the only difference from the old days was that she now sported a more narrowly trimmed bush. 

Determined to make her as excited as possible I returned to her mouth and kissed deeply, hands exploring but staying away from the most sensitive areas. I then moved downward with my head. She unconsciously moaned out an audible 'yes' when she felt me licking down her chest, down her stomach taking an agonizing amount of time. 

Kissing and licking all the way down to her pussy, I lovingly spent time on every inch of flesh except her clitoris. I spread her open with my fingers and breathed warmly on her. My fingers danced around her outer lips and over her hair while my tongue found its way lightly over everything but the trigger. Tammy had her hands on the back of my head trying to force me onto the slit, but I resisted. She may have realized that I planned to torture her with desire, but she was in no position to do anything about it. I gave her pussy a final massage with my fingers and stood up. 

Her eyes lit up in concern until I began undressing. She smiled and sat up to watch me until I was naked and then held her arms open to welcome me back. I lay on top of her and kissed her again, but told her we couldn't go any further. She looked at me in alarm and said 'What?'. I explained that we had no condoms and I was always very careful. Tammy began to explain that she had some, but she was interrupted with the sensation of my hard cock at her opening. I told her I needed the large size, which wasn't strictly true (just a preference) and removed my cock. 

I kept kissing her and teasing her with my cock until she was basically babbling, holding my back and trying to thrust herself down on me. It was everything I could do not to just give in and fuck her right there. Then she used her legs and squeezed at just the right moment and I slid inside her a few inches. 

We gasped into each other's mouths as I felt how hot and wet she was. It took me a minute to regain my composure. I told her that we could not do this as I rocked myself almost imperceptibly inside her. She kissed me as passionately as she could while pressing me with her legs, but I held on and slid out of her. Before she could protest I slid the head of my cock into her, and then back out. 

She grabbed my hands and slid them over her head, a position we enjoyed countless times while dating. It had the effect of exciting her submissive nature and my dominant nature and it very nearly made me forget my game. But I held off. I allowed myself one half thrust into her which felt as good as anything I've ever felt in my life, and then got off of her.

Tammy knew she was being played with now and tried to turn the tables. She told me that she'd do anything I wanted. She said that I could play with her any way I wanted, that she'd be my toy. I knew she meant it and I knew that I was losing my ability to resist her any longer. Tammy then asked me in a sweet voice if she could suck my dick. I didn't answer, but that didn't stop her from crawling over to me as I kneeled on the bed. Continually staring at me, she crawled in front of me and gently licked the head of my cock. It was useless to pretend it wasn't amazing since I was as erect as I had ever been in my life. 

Tammy licked the whole length of me, smiling and looking into my eyes and told me she could taste herself on me. I was squeezing my hands together behind my back in concentration so that I wouldn't give in. I tried to ignore the talented lips and tongue as she moaned onto my cock. I closed my eyes so that I wouldn't have to be tortured by the beautifully innocent smile of the woman seducing me. But when I felt her take me into her mouth, and then suck almost all of me in I had to look. She knew I would since her eyes were on mine the whole time. The site of her staring at me and even managing to smile at me with my whole cock in her mouth nearly pushed me over the edge. Then I saw her playing with herself, which is something I always loved to watch. I pulled out of her mouth and told her to bend over. 

She obeyed and I came up behind her, squeezing her ass and trying to carry out the last part of my plan. I rubbed my cock over her wet pussy and then held myself at her cunt. I asked her if she wanted me to fuck her, and she moaned 'Yess, Fuck me' way too loudly for a hotel room. I let myself slide in just an inch.

'Tammy, I want your pussy. But I want it any time I need it. Tell me that your pussy is still mine to use whenever I want'. I could see her smile as she understood my game, but she didn't answer right away. Her competitive nature forced her to make a last stand. She tried to quickly slam her ass backward and catch my cock again, but I held her tight. She was rocking back and forth anyway, moaning like a hungry cat. I slid in another inch, then out again. 

'Tammy, tell me your cunt belongs to me from now on. Whenever I need you, you are going to be mine'. 

She answered with the sultry voice she always used to use when she was talking about her deepest, most secret dirtiest fantasies. 'You want me to give you my pussy, huh? You want to use my cunt?' She was working herself up with her own words, continuously rocking, continuously trying to suck in more of my dick. I knew she was close to giving in, but I was too. I had to end it.

I grabbed a handful of her blond hair and pulled, straightening her up until her back pressed against my chest. Still holding her hair, I turned her head enough to face me. Her mouth stood open in surprise. My other hand stroked her slowly from her neck to her right breast, down to her pussy. I grabbed her slippery clit between my fingers and squeezed.

'Tammy, who does this belong to now?' The hoarseness of my voice surprised me. My lips hovered an inch away from hers waiting for her answer. I could feel her heat up dramatically inside with the head of my cock. The expression on her face changed into one of pure animal desperation.

'Please fuck me and you can have me whenever you want. You win. Please fuck me now.' With that she kissed me hard and slid completely onto my cock. I grabbed her hips with both hands and fucked her deep and hard. 

It took me a few minutes to remember that I wasn't wearing a condom. I slowed down and asked her if she was on the pill, and she said no. When I mentioned that I wasn't using anything she was so out of control that she said she didn't care. With Herculean effort I pulled out of her and slid down beside her. 

Side by side we began kissing and using our hands on each other. She alternated rubbing my cock against her pussy and expertly masturbating me. My fingers remembered what she liked and firmly stroked circles around her clit. Tammy whispered the dirty things I loved to hear, fantasizing about what we'd do with another woman in bed with us while manipulating me until I told her I was going to cum. She said 'Good!' and begged me to come all over her. My orgasm brought flashes of color over my eyes as my whole body throbbed. When I came back to reality I realized that I had forgotten to breath, I sucked in a gasp of air which made Tammy laugh and ask if I enjoyed that. 

I replied by continuing her story about the other woman and playing with her pussy. I described what I had planned for her now that I owned her, turning her on and fingering her until she exploded over me. We stayed in that position without bothering to clean up. We just lay there, playfully talking about 'my' new pussy until and fell asleep in each other's arms.