 Each week I try to run two miles at least four times. I use a jogging path in a secluded park a few blocks away from my house. It's a beautiful path that runs through the woods, and this seems to make me more motivated, and makes the running seem less tedious. This week I've been very busy at work, so I've fallen behind. I'd only run once and yesterday was Saturday, so I decided to try to run as much as I could.

The path was nearly deserted, so I was able to run at my own pace. I'd completed my usual two miles and was still feeling good, so I kept going. I'd run almost four miles when I came up behind a woman. She was wearing black spandex pants that showed off her shapely ass. She had long, curly red hair that, for some reason, wasn't up in a ponytail.

After enjoying the view of her ass for awhile, it was time to move on, so I quickened my pace to pass her. As I got next to her, I looked over and smiled as we made eye contact. She smiled back, and then I realized who she was. It was Paula, an ex-girlfriend of mine. She seemed to recognize me too, so we stopped to say hello.

Paula and I had dated for almost five years. We'd met in high school and continued dating through our first two years of college. We had a great relationship, but we both wanted to take advantage of all college has to offer, and had gone our separate ways. Over the years we'd lost touch and hadn't spoken to each other in a couple of years. In the back of my mind, I'd always regretted breaking up with her. We always had a great time together, and I had the best sex of my life with her.

"Look who it is," she said. "Long time, no see."

"Too long," I replied. "You look great!"

She did. She looked amazing. She was just like I remembered, even though I hadn't actually seen her in about five years. She had a nice, tight body with full B or small C boobs. She wore a tight spandex-type top, which exposed her tight midriff, and accentuated her tits, giving them a little lift.

"What do you say we do a little jogging as we catch up?" she asked.

"Sounds good," I replied.

I was getting pretty tired, but I was excited to see her. As we ran, I was mesmerized by her bouncing boobs, making me glad that I'd worn loose shorts.

"So what's your story?" Paula inquired.

I explained to her that about a year ago, my girlfriend and I had bought a house a few blocks away, but we'd just broken up a couple of months ago. 

"Wow, that really sucks!" she responded. 

"How about you? I haven't seen you run here before?" I inquired.

Paula explained that she'd just moved into the area about six months ago, but she'd just discovered this park. It turned out that we only lived two blocks away from each other.

"Do you live with someone?" I asked. Of course, I hoped that the answer was no.

"No, by myself." She answered. "I'm only renting it right now. It's a little out of my price range, so I'm hoping to find a roommate."

I was happy with that answer! 

As we ran, we reminisced about old times. We talked about the typical things: our old friends, what they were up to, if we still talked to them, etc. We were both really enjoying the conversation, so I figured I'd take a chance and bare my soul a bit. I stopped jogging and took hold of her hand.

"You know, I've always regretted losing you. You are by far my greatest love. I've spent every day since trying to find someone like you, but I never have. I've really missed you." I gushed.

"Really?" she asked. "That's the nicest thing anyone's ever said to me! I know how you feel though. I feel the same. I've wanted so many times to call you and see if we could try again, but I just figured you'd met someone else by now."

With that she leaned in and gave me a big hug. "And I've never found a man that could please me the way you did either." she said.

I was stunned by her forwardness. She'd always been very reserved when it came to talking about sex. 

"Is that right?" I asked. I then tilted her head to mine and kissed her. It had been so long since I kissed those full, sexy lips. What a feeling! She responded by shoving her tongue in my mouth. This was the hottest, wettest kiss I'd had in years! She had to feel my member pushing into her. As we kissed she slid her hands down onto my ass and pulled me into her. I did the same, taking hold of her wonderful ass. 

She then took my hand and led me towards the woods. She pushed me up against a tree and resumed our kiss. While we kissed, I could feel her hand sliding lower and lower on my body. Finally she felt my cock through my shorts. In the meantime, I had stuck my hand down the back of her pants, feeling her naked ass. She got even bolder and stuck her hand down my pants, grabbing my cock. With her other hand, she started to pull my shirt off. I gave her a little help and pulled it up, over my head. As soon as my shirt was off, she started kissing her way down to my neck and chest. As she continued lower, she licked her way around my stomach. She was driving me wild! When she reached my belly-button, she shoved her tongue in it. It was a weird feeling I'd never felt before. Continuing lower, she took hold of my shorts and underpants, and pulled them down to the ground. As she did, my dick popped free and hit her in the cheek. She took hold of it with her right hand and started to tug it, slowly. Paula looked up at me and smiled, then took me in her mouth. It was so hot and so wet! She swirled her tongue around my cock as I pushed her head into me. In all too short a time, I blasted my spunk into the back of her throat. She gagged a little, and then caught her breath. I pulled her up to me and kissed her, spinning her around until she was leaning against the tree.

I took her cue and pulled her shirt over her head, letting her tits pop free. Just as I remembered, they were great. She has pale skin, so her nipples are almost reddish, and her tits are covered with freckles. I kissed and sucked them before making my way lower. I reached her pants, and pulled them down in a hurry. She had a full bush of red hair above her pussy. I took a big lick from the bottom of her lips to the top, before pushing my tongue into her hole. I pulled her lips apart and explored her depths. She must have been telling the truth about the way I pleased her, because after only a few minutes, she let out a loud groan before showering me with her juices. I enjoyed that familiar taste.

She grabbed a fist of my hair and pulled me up towards her. She kissed me deeply as she took hold of my cock. Without hesitation, she put me right at her entrance. I accepted the invitation, and plunged into her. Again, she let out a loud moan as I entered her. I fucked her without abandon, slamming into her, pushing her back against the tree. As I fucked her, she wrapped her legs around me, pulling me into her. Feeling her hot body against mine was amazing; her tits pressed against my chest. I soon felt her pussy walls tighten as she let out a scream and covered my cock with her juice. It was too much for me to take and I exploded into her, letting out a yell of my own.

She let her feet fall to the ground as we embraced, my cock softening, still inside her pussy. Finally I pulled out, her pussy making a slurping noise as I did. We dressed hurriedly, considering our surroundings. I invited her back to my house, to clean up. We held each other's hand as we headed to my house, both of us on cloud nine from the sex and also from our reunion. We were finally with the person we'd always wanted and I hoped this time it would last.