 Hello, 

This is my entry into the April Fool's Day Contest so please vote and comment on it if you enjoy the story and have any suggestions. All characters are over the age of 18.

-

Connor was doing what he normally did on Friday nights, nothing other than just sitting there, playing video games, browsing the internet, and watching Netflix. Connor had believed that his senior year of high school was going to be the year that he broke out of his shell and became popular, but so far it had been about the same as the rest of the years he was in school. Connor had a few close friends, but they were all on the bottom rungs of the social ladder and they never got invited to any of the parties that Connor had always wanted to go to. He was tempted to crash several times when he had heard others talking in school about the next party, but he had a huge fear of being caught and thrown out. Connor had also believed that his dating life was going to be better this year. Growing up he had been a little chubby and he was too shy to talk to girls. Thanks to almost four years of high school weightlifting classes and hitting the last of his growth spurts Connor dropped the weight, but the lack of self-esteem still clung to him. He was in his final semester of school and it was looking like none of what Connor had been hoping for out of this year was going to happen.

While Connor watched Netflix he opened Tinder on his phone and started to swipe through girls. Connor got a decent number of matches, but he was never good at making anything come out of them. Most conversations he tried to have with girls he matched with seemed to just taper off into nothing until the conversations died out. Only a few of times Connor tried to meet up with someone who he felt like he was starting to like, but half of those meetups ended up with him being stood up, and the other few were so awkward that no second dates ever happened. There were several girls that Connor had been talking to for a while that seemed cool, but the moment he tried to make anything happen he knew that he would ruin it and have one less person to hope to date. The last meet up he had done had been with a girl from his school, and it had gone so bad and he had been so embarrassed that he deleted the app for a couple of weeks before reinstalling it.

Connor went through each girl's profile that popped up, rarely swiping left on anyone. After a year of swiping Connor had nearly given up on finding anyone and he just opened and checked the app out of habit. Connor was paying more attention to his show then his phone when a beautiful girl named Anna popped up. She had long black hair and a radiant smile that looked like she could be a spokeswoman for a toothpaste company. She was 19, a year older than Connor and attended the local university. Connor read through her profile before he looked at the rest of her pictures, it was almost a generic one that he had seen countless times, how she liked to go on adventures, have a fun time, liked cheesy jokes, and wasn't looking for hookups. Connor took some more time to look at her smile and then started to go through her other pictures. There was a couple of her with friends who were also nearly too beautiful to be true. There was a picture of her in the woods, and another of her out on one of the nearby desert mountain trails. The last pictures were of her in a bikini. One picture she was inside of the pool smiling with her face resting on her hands, her head propped up forming the top point of the triangle, and her ample tits were propped up as well and allowed Connor to see most of them. The next photo was of her standing with her arms draped across the backs of two of her friends, she was in the middle, they were facing away from the camera, looking out across a lake. She had the best ass out of all three of them.

Connor kept on back and forth through the images, but mostly lingering on the first photo of her smile and the one that allowed him to see her tits and smile. Connor knew he was going to swipe right on her, but he didn't want to not be able to see her profile again unless she liked him back. Connor knew that he could take screenshots of her, but he felt odd at the thought of doing so. After looking for about five minutes, Connor finally swiped right on her. Connor was about to set his phone down and start watching his show again when the notification went off that he had a match with Anna. He hadn't expected her to match with him, she was so beautiful that he didn't think that she would ever swipe right on him, and so the fact that she had already matched with him wasn't a thought at all. Connor stared at the blue alert, not believing it.

Connor wanted to message her right away, but he didn't want to appear so needy. Connor forced himself to set his phone back down before he messaged her something that would blow his chances. He tried to think of some witty opening line that would set on the proper course to woo her, but since he had just thought of it as wooing, he doubted that he would have much luck. Connor stared at the screen as he thought about what to write, too afraid to start typing repeatedly and have her see it.

*************

"He finally matched with us," Julie said excitedly as she showed her best friend Rebecca her phone.

"It's about time, I was starting to think this wasn't going to work," Rebecca said. The two friends were sitting in Julie's room, right next to Connor's room. Earlier Julie had been telling Rebecca about how annoying her step-brother had been lately. There wasn't anything going on this weekend, so the two friends were just hanging out at Julie's parent's house. It was only after they were both bored on their phones when Julie started saying ew multiple times. When Rebecca asked what, Julie showed her her phone and it was opened to Connor's tinder profile.

"I don't know what girl would be interested in him," Julie said flipping through his pictures and reading his profile a loud.

"I don't know," Rebecca said as she took the phone from Julie, "he is kinda cute."

Julie hit Rebecca with a pillow, "Don't ever say that about him again."

"Maybe you should mess with him and super like him," Rebecca said just joking.

"I don't want to give that little pervert any ideas," Julie said, "he is so desperate for a girlfriend, he probably would like me back." Julie started to think and an idea of what she could do started to form. "What if we catfish him," Julie said.

"What, Why?"

"I'm bored. We could use some fake photos and set up a fake account and match up with him," Julie said.

"It could take forever to match with him, and what if he doesn't match with us?" Rebecca said.

Julie opened up the settings on her tinder account and showed Rebecca, "If we set the match distance to its minimum, then he would pop up quickly on our fake account, and if we use pictures that are hot enough he will for sure match with us."

"Ok sure, but I don't want to just steal some girl's photos off the internet," Rebecca said.

They thought for a couple of minutes, and then Julie suggested pictures of their friend Anna. "Since her parents didn't let her have any social media accounts growing up, she still doesn't have any, we could use photos we have of her and just give her a fake name."

"Connor hasn't met her before, right?" Rebecca asked.

"Yeah, she has never come over before." Now with a plan, the two girls spent the next 30 minutes setting up a facebook account for 'Hannah,' looking through their phones for pictures of her, and crafting her tinder account. They started swiping through guys who were less than five miles away from them. They thought it might take a while for them to find Connor, even with the small search radius, but he ended up popping up on their fourth try. Julie swiped right on her brother, now it was time to wait. The girls went back to watching T.V. and scrolling through their phones. Julie had thought that it would take maybe a day or so for Connor to match with them, but just an hour later she received the notification from her fake account that Connor had matched with her. The two girls lay in bed side by side as they opened the messager in the app.

"What should we say to him if he doesn't message first?" Rebecca asked.

"I'm not sure, how about just saying hi?" Julie suggested.

"You go through all of this work to mess with him, and you are going to open up by just saying hi?" Rebecca said.

"Yeah, but I don't think we should come on too strong and scare him away," Julie said.

"It probably wouldn't be a good idea if we opened up with we want his dick," Rebecca said.

Julie hit her friend with her pillow, "Don't talk about his dick!"

Rebecca hit Julie back with her pillow, "I bet you he has a nice juicy cock, have you ever seen it?" Julie's face flushed red. "Wait you have?"

"Once a couple of months ago, he was changing and he didn't close his door all the way," Julie said.

"How big was he?" Rebecca asked.

"I don't know, I only saw it for a second, it wasn't like I ran up to him and whipped a ruler out. Do you always have to be so hungry for cock?" Julie teased her friend. Julie went ahead and just sent a "Hi :)" to Connor, thinking that was flirty enough.

"That's not the only thing I am hungry for," Rebecca said and licked her lips. They started to wrestle on the bed.

*************

Connor read the message and for some reason, he got too excited at the smiley face that was after the hi. "Hi, how are you doing?" Connor messaged and waited.

*************

Rebecca was on top of Julie and was holding Julie's arms over her head so that she could not break free. Julie tried to shake free, grinding their lower bodies against each other, but she was stuck. Both girls were panting from their wrestling, and as the contact between them increased they both started to feel the heat radiating from between their legs. Rebecca locked eyes with Julie, and for a moment neither one of them said a word. Julie's tinder alert went off. "It sounds like he messaged back, I should check my phone,"

"Yeah," Rebecca mumbled and crawled of her, trying to get control of her emotions. Rebecca and Julie had grown up together and been best friends since they were in fourth grade, they loved each other like sisters, but sometimes, and sometimes more than sometimes, Rebecca felt like her love for Julie went beyond that of just best friends and sisters. Julie knew that Rebecca was bi, but she thought that Rebecca's flirting with her was just a part of her bubbly personality. The girls were close to each other and were always touching each other, so Julie never realized just how Rebecca felt about her. Julie was never had been good at reading signs and acting on them. As much as Julie liked to make fun of Connor's love life, hers wasn't exactly going too well either.

Julie broke the moment by saying that they should check and see what Connor said. He had asked how Hannah was doing.

*************

"I'm doing good just hanging out at home," Hannah responded.

"Same here, I'm surprised you're not out tonight," Connor said.

"Lol I wish, but I'm so backed up in my readings for school that even if I did go out, I wouldn't be able to enjoy it because I would keep on thinking about how behind I am," Hannah said.

"I am kind of in the same boat, but I'm mostly just watching Netflix. I saw that you go to ASU, how is it? I am probably going there next year," Connor said.

"It's really fun, the campus is beautiful, and I like my classes, they just assign a crazy amount of class work," Hannah said.

They messaged back and forth throughout the night like this. The girls had decided to tell as few lies as possible to make it easier to keep things straight. Rebecca wanted to just start asking Connor sexual questions right away, but Julie reminded her again that they didn't want to be too forward and potentially scare him away. As far as tormenting went both the girls admitted towards the end of the night that it was pretty boring. They said their good nights around 2 am.

Connor spent the next day getting to better know Hannah, so far he was really liking her. She had a lot of interests when he had asked her what she liked to do, it almost seemed as if she had enough hobbies for two people. The conversation was easy to keep going over the weekend with Hannah, while Connor was still intimidated by her beauty, he found it was incredibly easy to talk to her.

By the end of the weekend, Rebecca was dying to turn what they were doing into the joke part of the practical joke. Julie was tempted at first too, but she didn't want to push things yet for two different reasons. First, she thought it would be more impactful if Connor talked to Hannah for longer than just a weekend before they started to get him to embarrass himself. When Julie pointed this out to Rebecca, she reluctantly agreed. The second reason she kept to herself, was that she was starting to enjoy talking to Connor behind the screen of being Hannah. Ever since their families combined when she was 13 and he was 12, she had always felt like Connor and his dad were imposters forcing their way into her life through her mother. Her stepdad was patient in earning her acceptance and Julie had come to see her as her father, but she never got around to accepting Connor. Through Hannah, Julie felt as though she was giving herself a chance to finally get to know her stepbrother.

The girls agreed that they would share Hannah's Tinder account during the week and that by next weekend they should be able to get Connor feeling strong enough for Hannah that they could get him to do anything they wanted.

When Connor went back to school on Monday, he felt a lot more confident. He didn't tell any of his friends about Hannah for fear that if he spoke about her aloud then he would cause her to disappear. Just knowing that a beautiful college girl had been messaging with him nonstop over the weekend made him feel like he was on top of the world. He messaged Hannah throughout the day and would smile every time he saw that she sent him a message.

At first during the week Julie and Rebecca would message Connor just so that they could keep the catfish going until they finally revealed to Connor it was them the whole time, but as the week went on they found themselves enjoying talking to Conner more and more. Julie continued to get to know her stepbrother, and Rebecca was enjoying the fact that a guy was actually wanting to get to know her for once and not just trying to get into her pants. Rebecca had a reputation as a slut, so every guy who talked to her would turn the conversation sexual almost immediately and ask for nudes. Rebecca did enjoy having sex, but she didn't just send nude pictures instantly, and she didn't sleep with any guy who had a cheesy pickup line. She was having kind of a dry spell at the moment, she lost interest in hookups and hadn't had sex in months. Talking to Connor started to become an outlet for her to try and not have a guy instantly get into her pants. It felt good having someone treat her as a person, even if that person happened to be fake.

The weekend rolled around and Rebecca was over again at Julie's house. The girls talked about the usual things they did when they hung out and did the usual things, it seemed as though they were doing everything at first but talk about their week talking to Connor as Hannah. When they received a message from Connor, they finally addressed what they had been putting off. "So, should we start asking him about things we can use to embarrass him and then do the big reveal?" Rebecca asked.

"We could," Julie said, Rebecca seemed to not like that answer, "Or, we could wait another week and get him to really trust us."

"Yeah, that's a good idea," Rebecca said instantly.

One more week became two more weeks, and two more weeks became two more months. As time passed the girls talked about revealing to Connor who Hannah was less and less, and when they did, they would just use the excuse again about how it would be better the longer they waited. They both suspected why they other kept on stalling, but neither one of them ever said allowed the truth, that they were starting to fall for Connor, but they didn't need to say it out loud, because they could read it in the conversations with him. Connor's crush on Hannah had grown over the months, and even though they hadn't gone on a date yet, he was starting to feel himself falling in love with her.

It was the first Friday of March and Rebecca was staying over at Julie's again. The girls were laying in bed beside each other and taking turns messaging Connor. At this point, Rebecca was dying to get laid, but she couldn't satisfy that need with just any random guy, she found herself only wanting Connor but could not have him. She had seen him checking her out throughout the years so she knew that he found her attractive, but it wasn't like she could just march down the hall and throw herself at him. That's what she would have done in the past, but she wanted him to make love to her the way he would to Hannah, she wanted that connection that they were forming to manifest physically Since Rebecca couldn't physically be with Connor at the moment, she decided to try and use Hannah to get what she could from Connor. "Hey, I know we said we were going to wait until the end of the year to reveal to Connor that Hannah was fake, but how about we start seeing if we can get him to tell us about any embarrassing sexual things from him and start leading him on a little more," Rebecca suggested.

"I'm not sure," Julie said.

"We wouldn't want him to lose interest if things don't start advancing more, then all of this would have been for nothing," Rebecca said. From how things had been it didn't seem to them like Connor was getting bored at all.

"Yeah, I guess we could start to make things a little more interesting for him," Julie said.

*************

Connor had been out late at the library studying. When he got home he messaged Hannah asking what she was up to. The last couple of months had been the best thanks to his developing relationship with Hannah. They talked every day, and it was more than just everyday conversations. Hannah had started to open up about when she had a bad day or just didn't feel good about her life. Connor was there for her, and gradually he started to open up back to her. He was hesitant, he had always held all of his problems inside, but as he got more comfortable with Hannah he started to let her in more. It felt good to finally have someone who he could confide in.

"Nothing much, just laying in bed ;)," Hannah responded. Connor had noticed her being flirtier lately so he had been returning her flirtations, that was after all why he had first matched up with her, but for a while he was happy just to have a new friend. Connor still wanted to potentially date Hannah, but if it didn't work out and he only got her as a friend then that wouldn't be the worst-case scenario. Before Connor could respond Hannah added, "I wish you were here with me." That got Connor's heart beating faster.

"I wish I was there with you too," Connor said.

"Have I told you what I like to sleep in?" Hannah said.

"You haven't," Connor said, still not believing where the conversation seemed to be heading towards.

"I usually just sleep in my panties with a nighty on, but sometimes during the summer when it gets hotter, I like to sleep in the nude."

Connor just stared at what Hannah just said, imagining her sleeping in nothing at all. He thought for a moment on what he should say next. "Remind me to invite you to spend the night during Summer break," Connor joked.

"Awe, do I have to wait till Summer to get to spend the night with you?" Hannah responded.
