 As I drove to the resort in the Northern Rockies, I couldn't help but wonder if I was being foolish. I was on my way to spend what I hoped would be a sex filled long weekend with someone I had only met on line. I was going to meet with my cyber "fuck buddy" I'd been playing with for the past couple of years. We met on Literotica on one of the threads in the Personals. My name is Jamie, and I had posted on the "Happily Married, Sexually Unfulfilled" thread. I had posted a number of times before I came across Catherine's post. 

Catherine had given a particularly poignant account of her marriage. She had been married for 18 years and had been faithful throughout. Her husband, according to her, was a good man but for unknown reasons could no longer get an erection. If that wasn't bad enough, he refused to do anything about it or to seek medical help. After trying to deal with it for about a year, Catherine found Literotica, met some on line "Friends With Benefits" and began to play on line. When I saw her post, I sent her a PM. She in return, sent me her Yahoo address and I became one of her "friends."

My story is somewhat different. I am 20 years older than Catherine. I am 60 years old and retired. I have been married for almost 40 years and have never strayed. I must say that I am truly "happily married" but the sex has never been fulfilling. My wife spent her childhood with a mother who filled her head with tales of the "evils of men" and how they only want one thing and spewed terms like "pigs" and "animals." Even though she spent her lifetime trying to overcome it, she could never quite shake it. Try as she may, she never really liked sex. She loves to cuddle, fondle, make out, but she doesn't like penetration. While making love, when my hands begin to move down her body, she locks her knees together. I just assumed that's the way women react. Sex is for procreation. Period.

Then I found Literotica. I began to realize that there are women out there who love sex as much as men. It amazed me to find out that some, maybe even many women like to have sex just for the pure joy of fucking. Catherine seemed to be one of them. She wasn't getting any at home, wouldn't allow herself to actually cheat, so she began to play on line. We both justified it by considering it as fantasy.

While I have only one on line affair going, Catherine has many. Early on she told me that she believed in safety in numbers. With many on line "friends" and plenty of distance between, she felt it helped curb the urge to meet any of them. She believed in her wedding vows and did not want to succumb to temptation. For quite a while we both saw me as just "one of the many."

However, something seemed to click between us. We actually began to spend time talking on line instead of just playing. Don't get me wrong. We still played a lot, but we also talked a lot. We talked about everything. Our lives. Our spouses. Our children. What we both wanted out of life. I think we both began to have feelings for one another. One day while we were chatting we decided that if we ever really did stray, we would want it to be with each other. We seemed to trust each other.

In the meantime, we played. We played a lot. The fantasies we invented were truly fantastic. I confessed many of my fetishes, and she seemed to embrace them. When we played and I got off, it was almost as if we were really together. The orgasms were mind blowing. I think she felt the same because we began to talk more and more about meeting. 

Then I found myself in this resort wondering if we were doing the right thing. We picked this place because it is located about half way between our homes. Catherine lives in the Midwest and I live in the Pacific Northwest. She told her husband that she was meeting with her sister. I became a musician in my retirement and was able to book a gig in one of the hotels. Catherine's husband had to stay home and work, and my wife was on a week long quilt retreat. As luck would have it, it turned out to be a prefect weekend.

I walked into the lounge and searched the tables. Since we had seen each other on cam many times and exchanged photos I knew I would have no trouble spotting her. I finally saw her at a booth in the rear of the lounge. I walked over to her, wondering what to do. Do I kiss her? Do I hug her? Do we act like long lost lovers?

She saw me and stood. God, she looked even better in person than on cam, even though she was fully dressed. We didn't often see each other wearing clothes.

Catherine is about 5' 6" with blond hair and very pretty. She was wearing a tight, white blouse unbuttoned just enough to show the cleavage of her ample breasts. She is 40 years old, but her breasts are still magnificent. Believe it or not, I never asked her measurements. She just has a beautiful bosom which was ample enough for her to lick her own nipples while she played with herself. Many times, I got myself off watching her suck her breast while she fucked herself with one of her dildos. Her skirt was black and ended just above her knees. She admits to being a sun worshiper and the skirt showed off her nicely tanned legs. 

We stopped and looked at each other. I don't think either of us knew quite what to do. For what seemed like an eternity, we gazed into each others eyes. She finally broke the ice by coming to me. She wrapped her arms around me and said, "Hi baby." Then she kissed me. 

The kiss was soft and tender at first. Then, as we began to push our hips together it became more intense. I felt her tongue against my lips and opened them for her. Our tongues began to explore each other as our hips ground together with more intensity.

Our lips finally parted and she said, "God baby, I can't believe this is actually going to happen."

I couldn't stop gazing. "I know" I said. "I've been waiting for so long. I want to go upstairs right now, but I need to unwind first. Lets sit, have a drink and talk. If we went up right now, I'd explode."

We sat down and I noticed some of the other guests looking at us. We had made quite a spectacle. I was self conscious at first, then noticed two couples in the booth next to us. One of the women looked over at us, giving us a smile and a wink. I smiled back and began to let myself relax. I ordered a bottle of Riesling.

Catherine is a self admitted exhibitionist, so I was not surprised when she leaned over to expose the cleavage. I took the hint. My hand slipped inside her blouse and my fingers began to very lightly trace circles around her breasts. She was wearing a bra, but the fabric was very thin. When my finger traced around her nipple, she jerked and let out a little moan. Her hand moved to my leg and found the bulge in my pants. She kissed me then said, "Oh, that's nice baby. You know how long its been since I've had one of these between my legs. I don't know how much longer I can wait."

I kissed her softly, passionately. "I've been waiting too long too baby. I've rested enough. Lets go."

The wine hadn't arrived yet, but I left enough on the table to pay for it plus a tip. Catherine and I got up to leave and I noticed the woman in the booth next to us whisper something in her companion's ear as she looked at me with a sly smile on her face.

We walked hand in hand to the elevator. When it arrived, we entered and I didn't wait for the door to closed before I wrapped my arms around Catherine and kissed her. My hand found her breast. I began to kiss her neck below her ear as my hand fondled and caressed her bosom. Catherine had pulled my shirt tail out and was stroking my back.

"My, my. Looks like someone is going to have a great time tonight."

I started. I turned around and saw the two couples from the booth next to ours. It was the woman who smiled and winked at me. She was a stunning brunette, about 25 years of age with the eyes and body of a goddess. Her companion was a tall, muscular Adonis. They seemed to compliment each other perfectly.

"Oh, please. Don't let us stop you. You have just stimulated us. We were going upstairs to play anyway. You just made us want to start early."

She then turned to her companion and kissed him while she ground her hips into his. The second couple just looked at the four of us and smiled. She was leaning back into him, moving her hips into his groin. His hands were on her breast.

Catherine and I just smiled and returned to explore each other. It must have been quite a sight. Three couples, making out, fondling and groping in the elevator. 

When we reached our floor the elevator stopped and Catherine and I turned to get off. We both looked at the mystery lady. She came over to us and said, "There's a party going on in room 1501. It will last all weekend. If you decide you want to expand on your weekend, come up." She then walked over to Catherine, stroked her arm and said, "Come on up. I guarantee you won't regret it." She looked at her companion and added, "Will she Marc?"

We stepped out of the elevator and turned to look before we walked to our room. Just as the doors were closing, the brunette blew a kiss to Catherine.

We let ourselves into our room. A year of frustration and wanting came to a head. We wrapped our arms around each other and kissed passionately. I pulled Catherine's blouse out and my hands went to her breasts. I had seen them so many times on cam, but I had to see them for real. I had to feel them, fondle them. As I kissed her neck and sucked her earlobe into my mouth, I undid her bra and removed it. My hands began to gently fondle and knead her breasts. 

"Oh baby. I've waited so long to do this. I want to feel you. Smell you. Taste you."

"Oh Jamie. God yes. Do it baby. Do it."

I kissed her again passionately, our tongues dancing together. Then I began to kiss my way down, around her neck and down her breast. I stopped at her breast, kissing first one, then the other. As my fingers gently pinched one nipple, I started licking the other. Her nipples were rock hard. I gently bit down, just enough to stimulate. I sucked it into my mouth, letting my tongue trace circles around it. She moaned.

"Oh God, Jamie. Yes baby. Suck it baby. Suck it hard."

I kept sucking, kissing and fondling. My other hand moved to her skirt. I unzipped it and pulled it down, then began to stroke her ass. She reached down and pulled my shirt off. As I pulled back to allow it to come off she pulled me up and had me against the wall. The tides were turned. She kissed me hard, then started moving down my body. She stopped at my breast and kissed, sucked and nipped my nipples. She looked up at me and grinned as she did so. 

"My turn baby."

She started kissing her way down my body. When she got to my stomach she unzipped my pants and pulled them down, underwear and all. My erection sprang out at her.

"God, baby. I looks even better in person. I knew it was big, but it's almost as big as our favorite toy."

Her favorite toy is an 8" dildo she bought some time back. I'm not 8 inches, but I'm pretty close. I was hoping she wouldn't be disappointed. The look in her eye told me she wasn't.

She rubbed her lips along it, then began to lick it. Up and down, God, it was driving me crazy. Then, she wrapped her lips around it. First the head, then down the shaft. She told me on cam that she loved to suck cock, but I had no idea. It was incredible. I hadn't had a mouth around my cock in 40 years. 

Up and down. Up and down. Her hands were all over my ass and legs. Then she started massaging my balls. I wanted to explode, but knew I had to stop her. I needed to save myself for her pussy. For months we talked about this night and I knew we both wanted to feel each other cum while we copulated. We both needed to feel my cum inside her. I pulled her up.

"Not yet baby. I've got to feel your pussy wrapped around me." 

We made it over to the bed, and I laid her back. I kissed her again. Our arms wrapped around each other, our hips grinding together. Now it was my turn. I had to taste her.

I moved down, kissing along the way. I started kissing her stomach, her pubes. My hands were stroking her legs. She opened them wide for me. I had forgotten what its like for a woman to actually open up for me. I kissed and nipped all around her pussy, but didn't touch it yet. As my hands stroked her legs I could feel how wet she was. Her juices were all over her thighs. I kissed down her thighs to her knees, them up the outside of her legs.

I finally moved to get between her legs. I couldn't wait any longer. I had to taste her. I had been dreaming of this moment for more than a year. I spread her lips to expose her clit. I started kissing around her pussy. Her legs, her pubes, her lips. Then I began to lick it. First lapping like a dog, then twirling my tongue around it. I licked, I twirled, I sucked. 

I started to stroke her pussy, spreading her juices down her legs and around to her ass. Licking and sucking her clit, stroking her pussy. As I continued to lick and suck her clit, I entered her with first one, the two fingers. I started massaging the inside of her pussy, searching for the G-spot. Her hips were in constant motion, fucking my face and fingers. She was moaning, screaming.

"Oh God baby. Jesus, don't stop. Please don't stop."

I pulled out of her pussy and moved my face down. As my tongue entered her, I began to stimulate her asshole. I broke through the sphincter as I was eating. My tongue was going crazy as my finger fucked her ass. 

All of a sudden she clamped her legs around my head and started screaming.

"Yes baby. God, yes. Fuck me baby. Oh God. AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH."

She came in droves. Her juices were all over my face. My wife rarely let me eat her, and when I did, she never came. This was the first time anybody ever came in my face. I was surprised at first, but I wanted it all. I kept licking, sucking, eating. If she wanted me to stop, she would have to pull me off of her.

Since she didn't, I kept eating, sucking. My finger was still in her ass.

When she finally came down, I took one last mouthful, held it, and raised myself up. I moved up to face her. I stopped just a couple of inches from her face and parted my lips. Her juices dripped out onto her lips. She started, then opened her lips to accept the rest. I kissed her tenderly, passionately. Our tongues danced, sharing her juices.

Our arms wrapped around each other as we continued to kiss. Our hips were rubbing against each other. Finally she said, "God baby, fuck me. I need to feel you."

I reached down and placed the head of my cock at her opening. I was going to take it easy, but she grabbed my cheeks and drove me into her.

I can't begin to describe the feeling. We talked many time about how well we would fit. It was like we were made for each other.

I spoke first. "God baby, you feel so wonderful. Your pussy is so tight. Fuck me baby. Oh God, fuck me."

"Oh yeah, Jamie. Do it. Fuck me like I've never been fucked before."

I wanted to start slow, but the past two years of on line playing was coming to a head. Our hips moved together. Faster. Faster. We were both moaning, telling each other how good it felt.

I rolled over so she could be on top. I wanted her to be able to set the pace. Besides, I wanted to watch those magnificent breast while she fucked me. She rested on her hands while she bounced up and down on my engorged cock. My hands fondled her breasts. I kissed them. I licked them. I sucked them. One, then the other.

Up and down. In and out. Faster and faster. Harder and harder. We were like two wild animals in heat. We couldn't get enough of each other. 

Finally, she rose up, fondled her breasts and said, "God, Jamie. I'm cumming. God, cum with me baby. Let me feel you cum. I felt her pussy tighten around my cock. AHHHHHHHHHHHH. YESSSSSSSSSSS. 

I felt my balls tighten. I exploded. I came hard. I hadn't cum like that in years. It was like I was 20 years old again. I filled her with my cum. I couldn't believe it. I kept cumming and cumming.

"Oh yeah baby, fill me. Fill me with your cum. I haven't felt it for so long."

We began to slow down. Our hips were still moving together, but slower now. I reached up and brought her face to mine and we kissed. Hard. Passionate. We wrapped our arms around each other again and kept kissing like two lovers who hadn't been together for years. We couldn't get enough of each other.

Our lips finally parted and we just held each other for a long while, coming down from our high.

Suddenly, Catherine lifted herself up and gave me an evil grin while looking me in the eye. "You ready for desert baby?"

As I said, in our discussions we often talked about our fantasies and fetishes. I had confessed that I always wanted to try a cream pie. I have never done it, but the thought of it really turned me on. I looked at her and said, "Oh God yes."

She pulled herself off of my softening cock and started slithering up my body, rubbing her hips on me along the way. I stopped her when her breast were at my face. I had to taste them one more time. I began to fondle them, took one then the other into my mouth. I kissed them, licked them and sucked them. Catherine moaned, then continued to slither up my body.

Her legs straddled my head, and there it was. God, it was beautiful. Her shinning, wet pussy with traces of cum and sweet nectar all around it. Her thighs were slick with her juices. I rubbed her slick thighs while I took in the beauty of her womanhood. I reached up and spread her lips apart and cum dropped out onto my face. I started, not expecting it. I used my finger to put it to my lips. I sucked, tasting cum for the first time. I can't describe the taste. It was a mixture of sweet and salty. All I knew was that I wanted more.

I pulled her pussy to my waiting mouth. My tongue entered her and I began to lick and suck. Her, no our, juices flowed into my mouth. As I ate her, my fingers massaged her clit and pussy. I kept eating while my cum covered finger moved to her ass. I didn't enter her, I just teased her asshole with my finger. She started to fuck my face. Again, I felt her legs tighten around my head as she had another orgasm. My face was covered with her juices and our combined cum.

When she came down from her orgasm, I pulled her down so we could kiss once more. Her lips moved all over my face, licking off our cum. We kissed some more, wrapped our arms around each other again and fell asleep in each others arms.