 I live for the moment I hear that catch in her throat with our first kiss. Her breathing getting heavier with each tender touch, and caress of her sensitive places, I wait for those three words she will not say..., yet.

*****

Our Phone Calls Part 1

Except for my Reserve weekends, most of my Saturday morning routines consist of, first what ever needs to be done around the house. After that its been taking my truck to a do-it-yourself car wash, because this time of year, I don't want the winter road salt accumulating on it. 

Once that's done, it's over to the base to check for paper work they may have left for me, then the gym to work out, after that, over to the NCO club for lunch, where it always gets around to talking revisionist history of our exploits in those many unfriendly places we've been sent to. But today I'll also be going to the college's branch library to check on a book they've located on the subject of that paper I'm currently doing. It'll help with filling in background information I can use in my military history class, but mostly in this paper due two weeks from this coming Wednesday.

Now, thankfully, home at last; amazing how just a little snow can tie up traffic. So, here I am at home because it's another cold, snowy Saturday night. Sitting in my den, reading the text on the computer screen of this paper I've been working on, which I needed to be doing anyway.

An because I've been concentrating on what I've been doing, or how much time has gone by with it until I sit back from the computer to give my eyes a break. When it's hearing whats being said on local weather report that gets me turning away from the computer to listen to the T.V. weather guy. Who of course, is predicting more crappy weather moving in over night and into next week. He hasn't said crappy, but that's what it is. So plans of seeing a friend tomorrow may get bagged for another weekend.

An being as late as it is maybe I shouldn't call Catherine tonight, looking at my cell phone laying next to my empty coffee cup. But still, it's a Saturday night, and it's not snowing in San Antonino, and who ever she's been meeting with may be showing her some of the local night spots.

An thinking back to when she gave me her personal cell phone number that Tuesday, and especially, after what happened with my kissing her like I did. Along with her trying to deny she was kissing me back; which I knew damn well she did! Then her telling me, I was dangerous, and trouble, left me feeling I would never hear from her again!

Of course surprising me when she did call, especially as late as it was when she got into Denver that Tuesday night, as I look at my watch, and realize there's an hour difference between here an San Antonino.

But then she was telling me about the delays due to diverts around weather fronts in route, then the screw up with the her rental car at the Denver airport. Where it seemed the only thing that went right was her hotel room. Our conversation lasting just long enough to cover those issues of her getting there. And ending with her telling me she would call me sometime the next day, which she did. So, maybe, she does like me, like she said, "You're a very nice guy and I like you lot." Raising my hopes with her telling me that.

But, what didn't get into the conversation, and which I wanted to avoid anyway, was what she said about me being,"dangerous and trouble," for her! But thinking about that later, it dawned on me, I knew what she was saying. There was..., something in that kiss! Where my better sense warned me to, just let that go for awhile, the ball in court for sure.

So for the next two weeks, she or I have called one another where our long talks were mostly about, what she was doing at where ever she was at that point in her business trip, her plans for the next day or evening. All of it seeming like, old friends keeping up on what was currently going on in our lives. Old friends? Funny, it just seems that way. Even though we've only known each other, for what, twelve days? But I guess a bond was forged that day on the train; a very intimate bond, which I still have a hard time believing it happened.

Pulling myself back from those thoughts remembering how she talked about her drive to Colorado Springs, and how the meetings went there. Then it was off for her meetings and conferences in San Diego, which she was very pleased with, and then on to Arizona for more of the same. But tonight she's in San Antonio, where hopefully she'll have a weekend to relax, before its on to Pensacola, Washington DC, then back home.

An for me, being in the Marine Corps, it's been a learning experience as I've listened to her telling me why this trip and these meetings are so important. Along with that, I've learned more about what she does, along with a lot more about her too. She's smart, dedicated, and very passionate about this program she feels so close to. So even with the amount of traveling she's been doing, it's been the positive feed back that's assured these programs are helping those they've been designed to help.

Now tomorrow being Sunday, and one more day of relaxation before the start of that last leg of her three week business trip where I haven't heard from her all day. So I hope every thing's alright? Because I've loved these phone calls! She's so damn easy to talk to, so refreshing, funny, easy to tease, making her laugh. An yeah Swaggart, you know your in over your head about the way you feel about her, but still, I love hearing her talk, and especially, I love hearing her laugh! 

And while getting to know her this way has only fueled my curiosity, my wanting to know her so much more. Because I know, there's a lot more to her I want to learn. I guess that mystery makes her even more desirable then I could ever imagine.

Plus..., I'm sure she must have some idea on how I feel about her, why else would she call me so much, and spend so much time talking with me. But always in the back of my mind is the fact she's married! And even though we shared some very intimate minutes on that train, where I'm afraid it was something that just happened, nothing more. And this could be no more than just two friends who share a secret about that day. And another thing about that day is, other than laughing about what happened over lunch, neither one of us has said another word about it. Although for me, it plays back in my mind a lot, especially every time I put my leather jacket on and see her teeth marks she left in the collar.

And as for me, well, I have talked some about my marriage, and divorce. Where I've left out things that I've learned; things I didn't know until after our divorce. But Catherine hasn't pressed for anything more than what I've already told her. But that thing about her and her husband, as she calls it, "They're living two separate lives." For sure, that part of her I'm more than just curious about too. But that's one thing for sure, I won't tread on! Because I have a feeling, if this closeness continues, she'll tell me more about that part too.

Plus, with her being so easy talk to, its made it easier for me to talk about my deployments; along with some of my experience during those deployments. But I still hold back a lot, mostly because they're still hard for me to talk about. It was especially hard for my wife Sally; she really didn't want to hear it at all. It upset her too much a time she over heard me talking about a particular action with some of my Marine Corps friends. Plus, it's always been hard to relate those experiences to someone who hasn't been there and done that. I don't think they can fully understand what it's like to live with the constant fear, frustration, and anger at the loss of two very close friends that never should have happened. So I find it best not to talk about it at all, at least outside of a close knit circle of friends.

But again, Catherine seems to want to hear about it. Where one evening last week we got on the subject of just that, experiences. So letting my guard down I opened up to her the thing Sally overheard. Visualizing it again as I was telling her what happened, when I suddenly realized she hasn't said anything. So asking if she was still there, where she replied, " Of course I'm still here!" She said, "Why would I not be? You are one of the few since I've been in this job that's opened up about those kind of experiences." "Bob." She said. "I've been hanging on every word! So please don't stop talking to me." It showed me her interest, which impressed me! She really cares about those things, and why her programs hope to help the people who've been there.

Now again looking at my watch thinking, should I call or just let her be? Maybe she's enjoying that night out, a chance to unwind before the start another busy week. Like last weekend during our phone calls, she was telling me about having to write reports for her department so they could be kept up to date on what she's learned. Plus, her catching up on what she's missed by being away from the office.

But damn it, the woman is in my blood now. It was only that one incredible experience, a laugh filled lunch, days and evenings of these phone conversations where she tells me every thing that's happened as I sit back and listen to her with that slight huskiness in her voice. And yes, she is a talker when she gets started. Just please Catherine Parker, never stop talking to me!

Okay, picking up my cellphone an touch in the speed call number for her cellphone, along with looking at my watch once again to see, eleven-thirty here, ten-thirty where she is. Where I wait through six audible rings before she answers with a heavy sounding, "WHEW!..., WHOO!" " Then a few seconds later, Ah..., ah..., hello..., you." It's her sounding out of breath. 

Hello to you too, I was thinking you weren't going to answer. Any way, I would have left a message just to say hi, how was your day, call when you have chance; something like that Catherine. 

Which has happened several times, but she's always called me back a short time later just like she said she would do. But on answering this time, it's the stress in her voice I can definitely hear, and it's not just from her sounding out of breath.

Are you working out? Asking her now.

"Ah..., yes..., you, might, call it that." I think trying to suppress some humor in that. Some nervousness too it I think?

Oh.., okay. Should I call back later?

"Ah..., No..., Bob. How about..., if I call, you back instead but it, might not be, tonight." Her voice sounding shaky.

Sure Catherine, any time. But I'll most likely be up anyway, if you do decide to call. When its nothing back from her, Okay Catherine, Bye.

But even before I can get my phone away from my ear I hear another voice through Catherine's phone, instantly realizing she's with someone?! The voice indistinct, was it a man? A lump in my throat! Then it's some rustling noises with that voice sounding much closer to her phone, "Was that your husband?" Asking from..., who?

"No." Catherine's reply. "Just a very special friend of mine." Her explanation. Along with more sounds of bed noises as if she, or this other person were moving around.

That lump in my throat gone, my heart rate up, it's a female voice! Where I realize Catherine must be in bed with another woman? "Speaking of husbands." The other woman again. "Does he know about you and this yet?" Obviously asking Catherine.

"No he doesn't." Catherine's reply. "Where it's best keeping it that way too!" Really...?! My thought.

"Same with my husband too." That other woman now. "So girlfriend, why don't you roll back over here and we'll keep this dirty little secret all to ourselves." High pitched naughty girlish laughter follows.

"So, where were we?" Tt's Catherine, naughty giggle with it.

"I think, dirty girl. you were close to another one." It's the other woman. "So you hot bitch, lift your beautiful legs so I can get back to what we were doing.

WHAT?! "Lift your legs?! She's telling Catherine to lift her legs? What were they doing?! My visualizing..., my god, everything! Plus calling Catherine, "A Hot Bitch?!" She said that too?! Damn girl!

Now follows lots of giggly, girlish laughter, along with the sounds of more bed noises, rustling bodies moving around all with girlish laughter. Followed closely by lots of bed squeaking, girlish squeals and muffled sounds of what ever their doing now.. When it's Catherine, sounding out of breath again, "You know..., what a naughty girl I can be when ever you're around! So why haven't spanked me yet?" Almost instantly follows two sharp sounds like a hand meeting soft flesh accompanied by a shriek of, "NANCY! I said spank, not wind up from across the room!" Where I don't believe its a real scolding

Followed by more giggly excited laughter from both of them, when again its the sharp sound of a hand landing on soft flesh brings more shrieks from Catherine.

HOLY SHIT! Catherine's not only a beautiful lesbian, she's also a kinky one who likes spankings too?!

Now with everything I've been hearing so far from Catherine and this other married woman filling my head, along with knowing this drop dead gorgeous woman, Catherine, who's eagerly involved in some hot, kinky lesbian sex. All of which has kept my phone glued tight to my ear so I won't miss a single sound of their delicious girl on girl lovemaking, along with their sweet moans, deep sighs, sharp startled cries, sounds of wet kissing, all driving me crazy with wanting to be there, has my imagination running wild with visions of fingers and tongues working in creamy wet pussies, mouth's and lips sucking hard nipples, all of this playing in my fertile mind has my tortured hard-on straining in my blue jeans, which I know I won't be able to ignore to much longer. 

When all of a sudden there's a long sharp, "OH..., MY GOD...,YES NANCY..., OH, OH, FUCK..., YES..., GOD DAMN NANCY..., FUCK YES!" Knocks me out of my fevered imagination, bringing me back to focus on what I think just happened is followed by sounds of heavy, labored breathing. Just like..., like that voice I was hearing next to my ear on that train. And like every night or day for the last, what, two weeks now,;It was Catherine screaming orgasm!

Still listening intently so not to miss a single thing where its been several minutes of only indistinct words or the sounds of their bodies moving around causing the bed to squeak at times when it's Nancy's, "My God girl, that must have been a good one?" she says. "You have know idea!" Catherine, replying. in a heavy, husky voice, followed with lots more girlish laughter from both women. Then more minutes of soft or whispered indistinct words, or sounds of bodies moving around, maybe even their wet sounds of kissing?

"Okay girlfriend, it's your turn." That's Catherine now. "Now scoot up over me, that way you can use the head board to hold onto." She's telling Nancy.

Head board? Hold on to? Why? Why is she telling Nancy to..., is Nancy over Catherine's face? More giggling and sounds of bodies moving around making the bed squeak even more. When it's, "Wait a minute Nancy." Catherine's telling her. "I think I just rolled over on my phone." Where suddenly its dead air of a dropped call

Sitting here completely blown away by what I just accidentally overheard about that drop dead, heart stopping beautiful woman. Along with my knowledge of her gorgeous finger tip size clitoris I lovingly stroked between my fingers, all slick and slippery with her copious wetness. Where tonight, this other woman has been making love to that same beautiful woman I masturbated in that stalled commuter train car. An maybe right now, this other woman might have her pussy rubbing over Catherine's mouth. My God Swaggart! What an erotic sight that must be!

While unable to get that mental picture of this gorgeous woman enjoying some hot lesbian sex with that other woman its become impossible to ignore or make it go away, my raging hard on. 

Where it's me, who's laying naked on my bed masturbating, wishing I was a fly on the wall of that hotel room. With all kinds of visions streaming through my mind of what they could be doing right now, and to soon triggers the explosive spurts of seaman shooting over my stomach and chest. An feeling a bit kinky myself, dab some on my fingertips and rub it over each of my nipples; shit, Chris and Alex would love that. But right now, I'm just going lay here and let it stay right where it is!

But when waking from my post orgasmic nap and looking at my watch to see.., twelve-thirty in the morning?! An along with that is this urgent need to take a leak, which is what woke me up. But just as I start to sit up its seeing the still wet seaman on my stomach, along with what landed on chest, plus that little bit I rubbed over my nipples, Now with a silent laugh at myself along with that other thought I had; yeah, that was a good one then too! But what I did this time is something haven't done by myself for a long while.

Completely awake and sitting on the edge of the bed where I reach for my cell phone wondering; did I really hear what I think I heard? But just as I start to get up it begins ringing where I see its Catherine's number. So why is she calling now at this time? I guess her friend must have kept her up late. Of course, she did have a good reason to be. Or, maybe she just woke up from her post orgasmic nap that comes over you after having some good sex too. And from the sounds of it, she obviously had a reason to be sleepy. So answering as nonchalantly as I can with, Hello, you're up late?

Where I hear, "Hi, did I wake you?"

Not really, I was already awake. I was just getting up to take a leak anyway.

"Do you want to call me back when you get through?" She's ask, and hearing her laugh,

No, as I lay back down on the bed. I don't have to go that bad just yet. So Catherine, are you okay? You did sound like you were out of breathe when I called earlier.

That's followed by silence until its her, "Yes I was." she says. "I was..., well, I was very, occupied when you called."

You sure as hell were! My thought.

Okay, I guess you're not so..., ah, occupied now, huh? Trying to keep the humor out of my voice.

"No Bob, I'm not. Bob..., I ah...,wanted to call you because I was thinking that you may have had..., maybe you had some questions." her asking.

Questions? What kind of questions..., Catherine?

"Bob..., I was laying here thinking about calling you when I saw how late is was, wondering, should I, or not. But then I remembered how you said I sounded out of breath where you asked me if I was working out. I'm sorry if I gave you that flip answer then hung up on you. So, thinking you may have thought I was..., well anyway. I did tell you I wasn't that kind of woman, which I'm not!" Her affirmation.

Catherine you don't have to explain yourself to me. Even if you had been with someone, Catherine, its none my business.

Is followed by long silence until its her with, "Bob, I was with a friend when you called. And Bob..., it was another woman. She just left to go back to her room. I would have wanted her to stay, but I did tell you I would call you back, and I didn't want her to over hear us. So, I assume you've already guested she and I were..., well I'm sure you can guess." My admiring her honesty for telling me that.

Okay, after what you've just said, it explains why you sounded so out breath Catherine. And I'm sorry I interrupted.

"Bob, you couldn't have known. So, I guest I should to tell you something more about me." she says.

Now what would that be Catherine?

My already knowing the obvious!

"Bob, first off, I want to say this, I like you an awful lot, and I really do mean that!" 

Catherine, the way you were holding onto me when you were kissing me behind that column, plus that whimper in your throat, told me so.
