 It's the continuous beep, beep, beep of my alarm clock that startles both of us awake. Where it's trying to untangle myself from her and the bed clothes we're wrapped up in, but it's Catherine who gets loose first. Stretching out across my chest, struggling to find the off button on the unfamiliar alarm clock to her, " Damn it Swaggart! How Do You Turn THIS FUCKING THING OFF?" The cursing, expressing her frustration in no uncertain terms.

When at last I'm able to reach the 'all too familiar' off button that will silence the alarm --- peace and quiet returns to my bed room. Only to be followed moments later by, "My God, it can't be five o'clock already," she's saying.

But the way she's stretched across me, hips, ass across my chest, makes it way to tempting not lay a firm smack on a sweet butt cheek. "Well girl..." my playful smack to her still slightly pink ass cheek left from that playful spanking it received last night. "Unless we slept through yesterdays alarm Catherine, and it's twenty-four hours later, I guess it is!" Where it's her muffled, "Shit! This really sucks Swaggart," her come back. "Now my ass stings too you bastard," she calls me..

Laughing at her exasperation over the time and her stinging butt cheeks, she turns back around stretching herself half on, half off me, "It ain't funny bub," she says right into my face. "An, YOU, are something else, Mister Swaggart!" Followed by a long sweet kiss, before laying her head on my shoulder.

My thought, "love her?" Never in doubt!

Placing her hand on my cheek to turn my head to her, where she places another soft kiss on my lips --- was she reading my mind; my thought?

Now its rolling over taking her onto her back, crushing her mouth to a soft squeal in her throat, she crushes her mouth back against mine.

An oh, how I want to nudge her legs apart and fuck the hell out of her right this minute, but it's the buzzing of her cell phone on the night stand bringing that thought to a halt, looking into her face, we both know who it is; this time.

But with her wrapped up with me and the tangled bed clothes she can't free herself in time before the buzzing stops. When a few seconds later there's the sound of the missed call beeps.

"Catherine, I'll get us some coffee while you're calling him back." Telling her as I'm reluctantly moving off her. 

"Thank you Bobby, but I have go pee first, then I'll call," she says. Now that we've untangled ourselves from the tangled bed clothes, she bounces off the bed to that sexy sway of her hips and ass that I just love.

But as I'm getting out of the bed it's seeing her phone laying on the night table, thinking about Jon maybe calling right back where this comes to mind.

Picking up her phone, I'm off the bed and on my way to the kitchen for that precious dark, liquid nectar, of the gods, I so desperately need this time of the morning. But after her and last night --- I need it even more than most mornings.

Pouring two mugs with sugar, half and half creamer, its first taking two long sips from one before carrying both, along with her phone with me, back to the bedroom, first stopping to place the one I sipped from on my desk in the den.

Still with her phone in one hand, the cup for her in the other, it's silently back to the bedroom peeking around the doorway to see she has her bag on the bed where she's sorting over some of her things she just laid out.

Now backing up the hall far enough for effect, but still close enough and now loud enough for her to hear, "Yes..., yes she is. Who should I say is calling? Jon? Okay Jon just a minute she's looking for her clothes, so it may take a minute, they're kind of scattered all around my bedroom." Where I know she has to have heard that.

Then boldly walking into the bedroom to see the look on her face, where it's like --- all the blood has drained from it, her mouth couldn't be open any wider, or her chin would be on the floor; all worth what ever wrath she brings down upon me with this piratical joke on her.

Choking back my laughter as I walk over to offer her the mug of coffee, along with her phone telling her, "Catherine, I think it's Jon calling you back," Trying to keep a straight face at the same time.

Tentatively she reaches out, taking the phone from me, but when looking at the screen she realizes it's not a real call. Then it's her shouting after me, "Swaggart, you bastard," she calls after me. "I swear you will pay dearly for that!" Her threat following after me.

But I'm already back to the den retrieving my coffee mug, then back to the kitchen laughing out loud all along the way hoping that hot cup of coffee she took from me as I skipped out won't get poured over my head.

But, Oh Yes! The look on her face was worth it --- pay back for that, "Tall, hot, sweet with lots of cream, like you." Her comment about me in front of Wearing and the others.

Thinking I've given her plenty of time to call her husband back before heading back to the bedroom, first peeking in to see she's not there, but hearing the shower running tells me where she might be. 

Now looking into the bathroom to see her in the shower, where its back to straighten up the bed clothes all twisted up together --- damn, she sure knows how to wreck a bed! 

Then finding my own clothes, picking them up off the floor, along with some of hers she didn't pick up --- her bra strap sticking out from under the bed indicating the place for the rest of it. Also remembering her panties are still on the floor in the den --- maybe I'll remind her of those later. So with the exception of my jeans I had on yesterday, everything else I'll get from my closet.

Coming back with the clothes I'll be wearing today it's her standing in front of the vanity rubbing a large bath towel over and through her hair, her breast with those taunt raspberry nipples lightly jiggle. 

Standing by the bed taking in all of her loveliness; those perfect ample breast, flat tummy, that tight --- her ass is amazing! An those long show girl legs thinking the whole time, how damn lucky I am to have her standing right there in my bathroom.

"Thank you for bringing me coffee, it's delicious." she says, now that she's caught me watching her. "That was rotten you know! But know this too Swaggart, I will get even," she's telling me.

"I'm sure you will," saying to her as I'm walking up to the bathroom door. "But that look on your face Catherine, was worth what ever it is your planning in that pretty head of yours."

"Come here Swaggart," she says. "You are so bad! An I'll admit, you did have me for a moment." Now dropping the towel on the vanity she drapes her arms over my shoulders with her shower warmed naked body pressed against mine to share a long beautiful kiss.

"You know Catherine, that was just to easy," breaking the kiss.

"Fuck you," she says. Has me laughing at the same time I'm letting go of her. But just as I'm stepping into the shower is when I get a sharp smack on my shoulder, followed by a swing and a miss at my butt as I close the shower door avoiding it.

"It's going to be a cold walk from the train station to your building Catherine," telling her over the sound of the running water. "Plus there's more snow on the ground --- about two, or three inches I think. So I hope you brought some long pants and maybe a sweater to wear under your coat."

"I came prepared," she says. Where the shower door opens to a glass of ice cold water splashing over my shower warmed body.

"DAMN IT!" Echoes in the shower from her, "Gotcha!" Loud and clear. Has me thinking to myself, you sure as hell do girl and how much --- you have no idea --- she is just so much fun!

So while she was in the bathroom doing her hair and make up, I've been in the kitchen putting slices of bread in the toaster where shortly after that it's her behind me asking, "Bobby is there coffee left?" It's her coming into the kitchen, coffee mug in hand where I see her hair is tied back in a twist, along with the long sleeve turtle neck sweater, the hem down below her butt. The belt loosely cinched around her waist emphasizes the curve of her hips, along with her black all weather boots covering the calf's of her snug jeans --- yes, she should be walking on Rodeo Drive, instead of walking into my kitchen to stand right next to me.

"Something smells like toast," along with her question about the coffee.

"Yes it is, would you like some," asking her. "Catherine, the bread's Honey Wheat Berry, I buy it at a local supermarket where it makes great toast, sandwiches and especially, grilled cheese, or peanut butter and jelly," telling her.

"Thank you, I'll try some," she says. With that the toast pops up with my taking it from the toaster, "Would you like butter on your toast Catherine? " Asking her.

"Yes, but lightly please," she says.

"I'm sorry Catherine, I don't keep much in the way of stuff for breakfast," telling her as I'm buttering her toast. "But there is some instant oat meal in that cabinet right there, it's apples and cinnamon," telling her.

Reaching into the cabinet I pointed to she retrieves the box of instant oatmeal along with her telling me, "My college room mate Linda and I would eat this in our dorm room at night while studying," she says, holding the box in her hand.

"Well, I eat it at night here while writing papers in the den." saying back to her.

"I'll have some of this too," she says.

"Okay, if you'll get a bowl from that cabinet and a spoon from that drawer there, I'll add some water and put it in the microwave for you. If you like a little milk with it, there's some in the fridge. Oh, and here's your toast too," telling her.

"But with her opening the refrigerator it's to her, "Is this all you have in here, a quart of milk and six bottles of beer," she's saying into the fridge. Then turning back looking at me, " What in the hell do you eat here, besides toast and oatmeal," she's asking.

"Catherine, it's usually just me, so I don't cook, although I know how to cook," telling her.

"In the warmer whether with friends are over, I'll grill steaks out on the deck where I supply the steaks and the beer, they bring everything else. The beer in there right now is for those thirsty friends who want to hang out and annoy me while I'm trying write. That's why only six bottles Catherine. So when it's gone --- so are they." Telling her as she closing the refrigerator door with the container of milk in her hand.

"Swaggart, you need your mother to come here and kick your butt," she says, as the micro-wave beeps has me taking out her bowel of oat meal.

"Catherine..." Telling her now. "I eat a lot of take out, or stop at the NCO club to have dinner there. But on class night, I'll usually get something at the college dining hall. Other wise, I don't keep a lot of food in the house."

Shaking her head as if in disbelief as she pours a little milk in her oat meal bowl, stirring it in, she takes a bite, nodding her head.

"Just like I remember," she says. And with that she takes another spoon full, but as I'm about say, 'enjoy,' she places the spoon full in my mouth.

Where time stops as we stare back at each other. With this simple, spontaneous, intimate act of feeding me some of her oatmeal, I see written on her face the realization; she knows what it means and so do I.

When time starts again the spoon moves from my mouth to the bowl, the bowl to the counter top, her body slamming into me as our arms go around each other, mouths locked in long deep passionate kisses where that, call it what you may, squeak, squeal in her throat that's thrilled me to death..., ever since the first time I kissed her and knew she was kissing me back.

When at last breaking the kiss, loosening my hold on her, she leans back slightly placing her hands on each side of my head, "Thank you," she says. Is followed with my brushing a few strands of honey blond hair back from her face to a long look into her eyes, "Thank you for what Catherine?" Asking her.

"Bobby for being there..., and being here too," she says.

"Thank you..., Catherine, for being there and now with you right here too!"

"Bobby..., she says. "If I had my way I'd ask you to build a fire in that fire place and with a blanket on the floor, lay down in front of it, an make love to you all day," she says. "But damn it I can't! Only because there's someone very important I have to meet with today. But if you'll build a fire tonight...," she ask.

"Catherine...," trying to hide the emotion in my eyes, "I'd burn a whole forest in there to keep you warm. But I think first..., you need to finish your toast and oatmeal so you'll have the strength, and stamina for the long hours of what I love doing with you too."

"Shit Swaggart," she says laughing at me "You're the one who better be eating something. An if you're thinking it's me..., I'm very low cal, and low carb, but full of energy," she's telling me.

"Well I hope your sore pus..., excuse me, pleasantly stretched pussy, is up to the that challenge," telling her. "Oh, are your sore nipples and ass cheeks; up to it too." Reminding her of what she said about those parts right here in the kitchen last night.

"Shit Swaggart...," she says. "Just keep your dick hard, I'll worry about my parts working," she comes back at me laughing.

"Catherine..., it was still hard when you thought I was going to put in your butt," one upping, her eyes now flicking over my face. "It has been taken..., but it wasn't first by "HIM," if you were wondering that," she says looking right at me; leaving me thinking; then by who?

"Oh My God! Then it must have been...," wondering if I should say the rest of it.

"Yes it was Bobby." Leading me to finish saying what I now know, "It's how your college boy friend raped you; right?"

"Yes." she says.

"OMG! Catherine I'm so sorry!" Pulling her into me to put my arms around her.

"Thank you Bobby. But it was more than the act itself, it's what it did to me, that made it even more humiliating." she says. Bobby, I won't tell you the why of that now because we have to get out of here. Ask me another time okay?" She ask.

"But I'll tell you this now, that since then it has..., and I like it," she's admitting it. "But with you..., I'll think about it," she says, playfully sliding her hand over my face cheek.

"HUH," my reaction. Where it's her long hard kiss of distraction.

"Come on girl it's getting late and we'll miss our train! So while I get our coats you finish your breakfast, get your things together, and we'll meet back here," telling her. Also trying to wrap my head around what she just admitted. "HIS," cock fucking her amazing ass! An even after being raped that way; "she still likes it?"

"But Bobby, you're not having something to eat first," she ask, getting my head out from under that last admission.

"No Catherine, I'll get my usual in the cafeteria, you're invited too, you know," telling her. "I know John would love to see you again!"

"Thank you, but I have to be in the office to pull up some information before that meeting. But you can tell John I said hi," she says.

"Sure thing! Oh, and Catherine, I think he has a crush on you so that will just fuel it," telling her. Plus this too Catherine, I told him about you having a twin sister..., he ah, wanted to know if I would introduce him too her. I left out the part about me not meeting her either. But I did tell him she has a boyfriend."

"Well as far as you meeting her..., that can be arranged," she tells me. "But I'm not sure I want to do that just yet. You may have the same effect on her as you have on me," she says.

"Oh! And what effect is that Catherine," asking her, waiting for an answer, but only getting her stare. 

"That's okay Catherine," telling her, "I know what it is," as I turn around to leave the kitchen, "I can wait for it Catherine," saying it back over my shoulder. Where it's down the hallway to get our coats. But as I'm almost to the coat closet is when I hear " MY GOD Swaggart! Do you ever run this thing?" That question in her voice loud and clear.

Stopping to go back to see what she's talking about where I see her standing in front of the dish washer with the door open, "There must be a months worth of dirty dishes in there," she saying, holding the door of the dishwasher open. Then seeing me standing in the door way, "I couldn't get that bowl, knife or spoon in here if your life depended on it," she scolds me.

"Sorry Catherine, I'll run it tonight," telling her.

"Bobby," she says looking at me, "You're going to have take a lot of this out just to run it. Then reload it and run it again," she says. 

Now it's her laughing, "Bobby, this proves it beyond any shadow of doubt. You are a certified thirty-something teenager," she's telling me, turning her head from side to side still looking at the over stuffed dish washer.

Turning away, "I'm getting our coats Catherine." Where it's back to the hall closet to get them.

Returning to the kitchen to see her laptop and brief case on the island top, along with her leaning against the island doing something on her cellphone, "Is everything still okay with taking the train Catherine," asking her,

"Yes. I'm..., just responding to a text from a friend," she says.

So while helping her on with her coat, "Catherine are you sure you want to do this, you know, ride the train an all," asking her.

Turning to me closing and buttoning up her coat, "Yes I am," she says.

Giving her a slight head node, a nonverbal questioning of, "You're really sure?"

"Yes, Bobby I'm sure," she says. "It will give me more time to spend with you," she says.

Well, I guess she really does like me; a lot, tucking that thought away.

Now before turning the kitchen lights off it's over to a alarm panel next to the French doors to the deck with Catherine in hand. "This Catherine, is the panel for the alarm system, it's all wireless, so no wires to cut. There's several panic buttons through out the house, plus in the garage. One here in the kitchen on this panel, one in the living room by the front door, one in the master bedroom and bathroom," telling her. "Plus one in the hallway to the garage." "None need a code to activate them Catherine --- I'll show you where all the others are tonight," telling her.

Turning back to the panel, "It's simple Catherine," as I point to several buttons labeled, Occupied, Away and Test, one labeled Silence and the red one labeled PANIC, an the key pad," showing her.

"When you leave the house, say like today going to work, press AWAY, then enter the code. An the code is the last four digits of my military ID backwards," telling her as I enter the digits.

"The green light flashing four times tells you the correct code was entered. The other green lights labeled one through four are the four zones, one for the garage. Next is everything off the main hall way from the garage. Then it's the main living area and kitchen. The last one is the den and master bed room, " telling her as I go on.

"Any one that doesn't come up green means a door, a window is not secured in that zone and needs to be checked," telling her. "Now Catherine, you have ten minutes to leave the house locking the doors which have sensors for locked, unlocked, or open," telling her more.

"There's also an app for your cell phone that lets you do everything remotely, or access everything from a PC, which you down load from the alarm monitoring company, I'll show you that tonight too," looking at her. "So, you okay with all of that so far Catherine," asking now.

" Yes Bobby," she says. "But are you sure about giving me all of this," she ask.

"Yes I am Catherine," telling her as I hand her a key. "This is just a back up to get in the house," telling her. "You still have to do the alarm panel, or use the app on your cell phone. If you forget anything, setting or resetting when you come in, the alarm company will call any of the numbers they have in a priority order to confirm what they see," telling her more. "
