 I live for the moment I hear that catch in her throat with our first kiss. Her breathing getting heavier with each tender touch, and caress of her sensitive places, I wait for those three words she will not say..., yet.

*****

I love knowing you in every way you are!

Suddenly she was climbing over me getting off the bed, kneeling in front of me, smashing her mouth onto mine had my arms automatically wrapping around her so tight she squeaked! Those confession to others left back with the two people in the mirror for a later time.

"I'm listening to your heart beat," she said, her head laying on my chest, as we laid there on the bedroom floor.

I laughed.

"I'm truly going to hate leaving you too," she said.

I actually felt my heart stop, my breath catching in my throat.

"I wish I could stay," she tells me. 

Heart starts, breathing begins.

"Bobby, I've love being here with you," she went on. "And I want you to know how much you mean to me. That what I told you hasn't changed how you feel about me. Because Bobby, I want more of this..., I need it, I want it, and I want it with you!" She said.

"Need it...," she really said that?

Now suddenly wide awake, wondering why I'm still laying on the floor; oh yes, this is where we fell asleep, and right next to my nice big king size bed too; rubbing my eyes, trying to clear my head.

But now it's the sound of a phone, the ring tone definitely not my phone! So what is this one? 

Where I realize, when I hear her voice from the hallway, still in my foggy state of mind, automatically think it's Jon who's calling, and that's why she's out there, So not bothering to look at the alarm clock on the night stand over on the other side of the bed, and without my watch, I automatically guess it's him. So maybe it's about 5 AM, the time he usually calls her.

But now it's hearing her, "Hey, how are you? -- No, I was already up. And no it's not an inconvenient time either. -- Yes I know, and I'm sorry I haven't given you an answer to that. -- No..., no! It's definitely not. It's just..., I need to work out some things first. -- No, I'm not at home. I've been staying with a friend. -- Yes -- so..., how about I call you later today, would that be okay? Yes, I promise I will. -- Okay, -- You to, bye."

A clearer thought now of; not Jon! But an addition to her admissions at a later time?

Then just seconds after that call ends, it's a ring tone I recognize from times before, where this tme she answers it with, "Good morning! -- Yes I was. A friend just called who wants to meet me this weekend so he can buy me dinner; he's the geologist I told you about, I've been holding off on telling him yes. Why? -- Well, you know everything that's coming up. Plus Maria, and I need to sit down and plan things because I won't be home until next Thursday. -- Okay, an your flight gets in when -- good. And we're still picking them up at the airport? -- Great! I'm excited to see them again, I hope Calista is coming along too! -- Yes, I know. She sends me emails, keeping me up to date on what she's been doing -- Okay. -- Sure -- Alright hon. Call me later? -- Alright; bye to you too."

An added thought, telling Jon about going to dinner with a male friend; maybe not so unusual considering her job, where she must tell Jon about her business trips, events and people she meets and knows; the geologist? So that call I know was from Jon. The other..., persistent Brian? Now pushing all that aside, it's forcing my stiff body up off the floor, then into the shower.

But when stepping out of the shower taking a towel I see the coffee cup sitting on the vanity. Then looking into the bedroom to see her overnight bag on the bed with some of her clothes laying next to it; but she's nowhere in sight. So taking a sip from the coffee cup thinking, this is good; just the way I make it too. 

But it's her coming back into the bedroom with her, "Good you're out of shower, now my turn," she says, coming to stand in the bathroom door, wearing the shirt dress she had on last night, every button still undone, showing flashes of her beautiful self and should I call it bed hair or, great sex hair, as she's holding her own cup of coffee.

"Catherine, you made the coffee?"

"Yes. Is it all right, not to strong or to weak is it?"

"No, it's perfect! Just the way I like it; thank you!"

"Well it should be! It's the way you make it," she says.

"Oh? And how would you know that?" Asking her.

"Because I watched you making it up the other night," she's telling me. To a nod of my head in appreciation, 

"You're not only beautiful, you're smart and observant; just like the code for the security system. Which I forgot about getting the app for your phone," telling her.

"Hey you, that's okay..., I have a key and the code.., remember?"

"Yes..., anyway I think I do." My head still a bit clouded from last night. "So the app, we'll get that another time." Telling her.

"I hope so," she says, now coming up to me. "Because, like I told you, I want lots and lots of other times like this!" She says. Followed by her hand behind my head pulling me to her with a very long hard kiss that makes me believe she means it.

"Would you mind if I leave some of my things here too," she ask when breaking the kiss.

To my surprised, or confused look, "I left some undies, a shirt, sweater and a pair of jeans and socks on the bed..., you know.., just in case?"

"Oh? Like in case of what Catherine?"

"Well.., just in case I show up unexpectedly in need of a place to crash; remember you said that exact thing, a place to crash" she says.

"Oh..., so you think I want to have you back here again, burning my fire wood, storing your wine in my refrigerator, wrecking my bed, like you've already wrecked my life?"

"Like what..., you don't want me too anymore?" Her wrinkled brow of confusion.

"Yes I do Catherine! I want you back here wrecking my bed and wrecking my life too! So yes, you can put your things in Sally's closet, if you want; obviously she's not using it now -- unless she shows up unexpected finding another womans undies in her closet and burns them in the fire place.

"You know, I think I told you, anyway, she and I were still having sex after we were divorced; even thinking it was better than when we were married; if that was even possible. It was often, her showing up unexpected when she was up here visiting her parents, wanting to get laid!"

'WHAT! Why you crude bastard, her wanting to get laid; you pig!" she calls me.

"This too you should know Catherine, us men constantly compare sex with their new girlfriends, ex-girlfriends, ex-wifes, other..., wives..., which one likes this, or that one liked that, another one who likes it rough..., Catherine." 

Has her mouth moving, maybe at my saying; 'other wives,' but nothing is coming out until...

"Swaggart I will..., one of these days..., leave a bruising on your body you won't forget!" She manages at last to get out. Where she's setting her coffee cup down on the vanity before she comes at me; easily catching her in my arms, pinning hers to her sides as she half hardly struggles to get free.

"YOU have absolutely driven me crazy," she tells me.

"I've told you, I have that effect on women Catherine!" Breaks her up laughing. "Let me go so I can smack you good," she says.

"Not until you've calmed down, or am I going to have drag your pretty ass into the shower and run the cold water over you?

"Don't you dare!" She threatens. "I don't have time to dry my hair this morning and it's such a mess from you last night," she says.

"Well in that case I'll have to let go of you and take my chances; huh?"

Loosening my arms around her she steps back, then acts like she's about to smack me, but instead, she steps right back into me, this time though, its with her arms draped over my shoulders, easily lets me slip my hands inside her open shirt to hold her warm, gorgeous naked body against my shower warmed naked body; my dick already stirred to attention, pressing against her belly.

Obviously feeling it, she moves one arm down to hold my hard cock in her hand at the same time breathing into my mouth, "I wish I had time to take care of this!" Where she crushes her mouth back onto mine to my silent, 'DEAR GOD', how I want her swirling around in my head.

Now the struggle to let her go, the thought of turning her around, bending her over the edge of the vanity to, 'dogie,' fuck her brains out! But Swaggart you're a rock! So with one last long kiss, "You better get your shower Catherine, it is getting late." Where she steps around me, dropping the shirt on the vanity before she steps into the shower, closing the door, turning on the water.

Where it's taking one last longing look at this beauty, her head tipped back, then side to side, eyes closed, her hands holding her hair up trying to avoid getting it wet at the same time doing a slow pirouette under the stream of water falling over her. But it's tearing myself away from the sight of her gorgeous, glistening wet body, and back into the bedroom to get myself dressed.

Pausing at the foot of the bed looking at the things she wants to leave here laying neatly on the bed thinking, yeah Catherine, you'll be leaving more than just those few things here; thoughts and memories for sure. An what you've taken from me is something you have know idea of how much that is! 

But still, being pretty confident guy, so I'm sure she'll be leaving many more of her things here, and not just the sweet scent of her lingering through out this house.

Dressed and back in the kitchen with another cup of her coffee, munching on a piece of toast, when it's her footsteps from the great room has me looking to see her coming back into the kitchen; damn; she looks good!

Very professional looking Mrs..., almost saying it. "I like the way you've re-done your hair Catherine," as she comes up to me.

"Thank you Mister..., Swaggart. It's the quickest, and easiest thing I could do," she tells me.

"Catherine the look is perfect! So, more coffee and a piece of toast, maybe some oatmeal too?"

"The coffee and toast yes," she says. "But hold the oatmeal. I noticed you only had one package left after I took the one I had yesterday."

"Catherine..., I can get more you know!"

"Yes, but you won't be able to get the bowl in that dish washer..., remember?"

"R...,ight!"

"Something else I forgot to do last night; having you around clouds my mind! But I'll leave a note for Mrs. Murphy asking if she'll do it when she comes in today."

"Mrs Murphy?" She ask.

"Yes Catherine, she's my house keeper, who always comes in on Friday's to make sure the house is neat..., just in case I have some..., "cough, cough," fake clearing my throat. Have company staying over on the weekend."

"Company..., weekend..., any name I might have heard you say," she ask.

To a shrug of my shoulders, "Not this weekend anyway Catherine, remember..., I'll be in Virginia!"

"That's right," she acknowledges. "Bob..., I know Erin doesn't know me but..., kind of wish her good luck for me. I really hope she does well!"

"I will Catherine. Erin's asked me to ware my dress uniform. She says seeing me wearing it makes her feel..., important! I won't ware the dress blues..., they draw to much attention. And I want all the attention to be on her; so I'll just ware the class A's."

"She must be very proud of her daddy to show you off like that."

"Yeah Catherine.., I guess. I've been to much of and absentee dad in her life."

"Oh God Bobby!" As she steps into me with a long hard kiss. "I hope I get to meet her one day," she tells me.

"I hope so too Catherine. I think she would like you. Especially when she finds out you play the piano too; kindred spirits!"

Finishing our coffee and toast where she's telling me, " Bobby, I hate to, but I have to go now," she says.

"Yeah..., I know..., so, I'll get your coat and walk you out to the garage."

Back with helping her on with the coat, then picking up her overnight bag that held her change of clothes, then her brief cases, as she gets her purse and laptop case and follows me down the hall into the garage.

Where she unlocks the Porsche as we're walking down the ramp to the drivers side door with her opening it lets me put the two I brought, in the space behind her seat then hands me the laptop case where I place it with the others. Now the really hard part, saying good bye to her not knowing when I'll see her again.

"Bobby, about being in DC most of next week, and what I told you last night..."

"Catherine..." Breaking in. "I hope everything you're there in DC for goes well..., everything, and I mean that; okay? Don't, change, a thing; please! I love knowing you in every way you are!"

Where she takes my hand. "Bobby I want this..., what we have. I know it will be awhile before we see each other because next weekend there's some people who will be our house guest for the weekend. They're here to look at some properties they're interested in buying and they want Jon to look over them too. He, and his father's company have done several projects with them over the years. So they want Jon to give them an idea of what it might take to rehabilitate them. So I won't get to see you that weekend. But I want you to call me when you get home Sunday and tell me all about Erin, and how she did. And about this next week..., you better call me too," she tells me.

"Catherine, I'll call you! An about next week..., I wouldn't want to interrupt any 'DC' work outs."

"You shit! Call me! If I'm working out..., I'll take a breather to talk to you. Maybe even leave the phone close by instead of hanging up." Her teasing me about the last time. Gets both of us laughing!

"Catherine.., you're killing me!"

"I'll be calling you too," she says. "Maybe find out if you've been working things out on your own again or, with one of your..., girl friends; wanting to get laid," has both of us laughing again.

"Go girl! And please..., slow down..., and definitely.., don't, run, any red lights..., okay?" 

"I will and I won't..., I promise," she says.

"You better!" Just before I let her go with one last kiss. Then she's in the car, closing the door to a few seconds later the Porsche engine fires up.

Standing by the garage door pushing the open button, the car's backup lights coming on with the car slowly backing up. But just as the drivers side door gets even with me it stops with the drivers side window lowering. Her pretty face turned to me "I miss you already," she's telling me.

"Thank you Catherine! I miss you already too!" Sucking up my emotions.

Backing the rest of the way out of the garage where she backs around to head up the drive way but now it's me calling out to her "Catherine wait!" Gets her stopping the car. Walking around to the drivers side, "Catherine.., call that guy, the persistent one, Brian you said; tell him you'll have dinner with him!"

To her surprised expression has me repeating, "Call and tell him yes. He obviously likes you, or he wouldn't be so persistent. So make his day..., and enjoy yourself; just like with your friends in DC; if you choose."

What I just said has her staring back at me, maybe a disbelieving look on her pretty face. "Now go!" Telling her firmly. "Or you're going be caught up in all that expressway traffic heading into the city."

The drivers side window going up as I watch her drive up the driveway, only stopping a moment before turning right to make her way back towards the expressway. Leaving me standing here in the cold morning air saying it out loud, "Bye Catherine..., I really love you girl!"

Closing the garage door its back through the house where it hits me; I can smell her, just like she's never left. But continuing on past the kitchen and into the bedroom it's been her scent everywhere along the way.

Coming out of the bathroom, passing the bed I suddenly notice the clothes she had laid out on the bed are gone -- did she change her mind and put them back in her bag?

Going to Sally's closet, opening the door to the motion sensor automatically turning on the lights, there they are, folded and placed on a shelf are a pair of jeans, a bra and panties, a pair of socks neatly stacked one on top of the other. On a hanger, a shirt. On the floor, a pair of running shoes; where I know none it were there before.

Sucking in a deep breath letting it out slowly, I guess she was serious about this wanting to come and stay when she can. So I guess she really meant what she said about it last night.

With that its closing the door then back through the house turning off what needs to be off, getting my jacket it's outside to my truck to start another Friday ending week of school and the beginning of, how many days till I see her again; at least nine?