 I am Rob and I own a twenty-five-foot travel trailer that provides days and nights of enjoyment. Most of my adventures center around Central California, as I am a retiree living in Pismo Beach. Spring has finally arrived at the Central Coast which means I get to pull my trailer out of storage and start enjoying a new RV season. My first adventure is always close to home in order to assess the condition of the trailer. 

I am here at the Morro Dunes RV Park for a second year in a row and believe it or not this trip has proven to be just as memorable as last year's camping. Last year I was seduced by two mature ladies who were abandoned by their beer drinking fishing husbands. (See Morro Bay Caper). This year I was not expecting anything remotely as wild as last year. Boy, was I wrong? 

This year I met a nurse from Santa Maria, California. She was walking her King Charles spaniel when the pooch made a beeline for me, dragging Sally along for the ride. I was introduced to Dixie and after a cordial visit, I invited them to dinner. That evening Sally wore a floral bikini top that accentuated her very large breasts. My cock was stirring. Halfway through the evening, Sally asked if I had a sweatshirt she could borrow. The air temperature had gone down as evidenced by Sally's erect nipples pressing out like little bullets against her floral top. I obliged and lent her a hoodie. 

After dinner, Sally helped me with the dishes while Dixie laid on the bed. When everything was cleaned up and put away, she thanked me for a lovely evening, and we made plans for a bike ride the next day. She said she would return my sweatshirt in the morning. Later that evening I received a text from Sally asking me if I had two AA batteries. It turns out she wanted them for her vibrator. I took them to her trailer, and she was waiting for me wearing only a red thong and waving her vibrator in the air. 

I spent the night and woke up in the morning with her hand wrapped around my cock. This led to an interesting wake-up call. Anyway, Sally and Dixie had to return home to the work-a-day world yesterday after several days of bike riding and making love. 

Right now, I am enjoying the tranquility of the ocean waves as they lap against the sand. The temperature remains in the high-70's; a perfect spring day. I check the time on my phone and notice a text from Catherine sent a half hour ago. Catherine and I are soulmates and lovers; we have been for several years since we first met at a walking club in Pismo Beach. 

Catherine: Hi Sweetie, where are you? I just got home from Southern California and need a little loving. 

Catherine has been down in Southern California for the past three weeks visiting her daughter, Amy. I was originally going to wait for her and include Catherine on this RV adventure. The overwhelming need to get on the road again changed that plan. I wonder how Catherine with me would have impacted meeting Nurse Sally. Catherine does like threesomes, so I can only fantasize that the three of us would have wound up in bed together. I'd better respond to her text right away. 

Rob: Hey Gal of Mine, how are you? Glad you got home safe and sound. I'm up at Morrow Bay breaking in the trailer. Have gorgeous weather all week. 

I wonder if I should tell her about Nurse Sally right away. I know she'll find out eventually, she always does. We have an open relationship and are always honest with each other. She loves to hear about my adventures, and I enjoy hearing about hers. It only fuels our passion for each other that much more. She is a true voyeur and anytime she can see or hear about other's sexual liaisons, it revs up her libido and I am usually the beneficiary. Although, not every time. 

Catherine: At Morrow Bay without me? Did you run into your two horny ladies again? You had better save some of that beautiful cock for me. It's been three weeks and I'm so horny. I'm tired of using my vibrator, I need a real man. 

Rob: Cath, you're only 20 minutes away. Come stay with me and bring that vibrator. I have been here for three days and have this space reserved for three more. 

Catherine: I'm on my way. Should I bring the strap-on dildo as well? Do I need to discipline you? 

Rob: No, you don't, but I should come clean about the last three days. 

Catherine: I should have known. You have some explaining to do mister. 

I'm happy to know I won't be using my Fleshlight tonight. Catherine should be here by noon. I have just enough time for a walk around the RV park. I love to check out the guests and chat with whoever is out. I walk down and around my row of trailers and see the empty space where Sally parked her Coachman. I smile and let out an audible sigh as I recall our time together. After chatting up several campers, I arrive back at my ShadowCruiser just in time to see Cathrine drive up. I rush over and open her car door. 

"Well thank you kind sir." 

She hops out and we share a tight hug. It's been three weeks, far too long for us. We rely on each other for passionate lovemaking and companionship. Catherine is wearing a light springtime dress with spaghetti straps. The straps barely hold up the bodice containing her Double-Ds. Her tits overflow the top as she presses her body against mine. I relish the feel of her body and can't wait to get Catherine naked. 

"Sweetie, I've missed you so much. How was Southern California? How's Amy?" 

Before Catherine answers, she plants a hard kiss on my lips and slithers her tongue deep into my mouth. Her intensity catches me off guard. She wraps a hand around my head as our lips press together. Catherine grinds her hips into me, searching for my thick shaft. This is the kind of greeting I love. We spend several moments pressed together before we need to catch our collective breath. I hope the other park guests aren't watching. 

"Well hello to you Rob. I've missed you too. Let's go inside and I'll tell you all about it. And you can tell me all about your last three days." 

Catherine emphasizes last three days and squeezes my hand. I help her get her luggage from the trunk and we head inside the trailer. Once we are inside, I stow her suitcase and turn around to face a naked Catherine. She pulled one strap on her dress and it slithered to the floor. Her full breasts are now on display along with her crimson red nipples which are already erect. Catherine's smooth pussy lips look so inviting. 

"Wow, you don't waste any time. Are you in a hurry?" 

"Well Rob, when we were at Sequoia last year, we vowed to be nude whenever we are inside the trailer. I think you should discard those shorts right now. Didn't you have the same arrangement with your little girlfriend these past couple of days?" 

"Oh, you are so cruel Catherine. No, I did not. And how would you know I was with another lady?" 

"I just know you." 

I unbuckle my belt and push my cargo shorts and briefs to the floor. I kick them aside. My shaft stiffens as Catherine moves close to me. She reaches down and grabs my cock with both hands. 

"How I've missed this the last three weeks. A vibrator can only do so much." 

Catherine shakes her tits as she strokes my shaft and cups my balls. I'm not complaining, but I thought we might take time to get settled; maybe take a walk. 

"Gee Cath, I thought you'd like to check out the RV park first." 

"We have plenty of time for that later. Come lay down with me on the bed and we can catch up on the last three weeks. You want to see my pussy, don't you? You did want to hear all about my trip down south." 

Catherine has a firm grip on my 'down south' as she pulls me over to my queen size bed and we plop down together. We lay on our sides and face each other. She continues to stroke my seven inches while I run my hand along her side and up to her boobs. I caress each breast and lightly pinch her nipples. Two can play this game. 

"Gawd, I love your tits Cath. I'll never tire of them." 

I move my hand down and stroke her smooth pussy lips and mons. She is so soft and so smooth; I'm guessing she just waxed. 

"Lay on your back Cath and tell me about your trip." 

Catherine rolls onto her back and I caress her body. Catherine begins rubbing the full length of my cock. I massage her big, soft, squishy breasts, squeezing and moulding the firm flesh. I move from her left breast to her right and back again. I pinch her erect nipples. We spend the next ten minutes just stroking each other as we enjoy the peaceful quiet of the RV park. 

"It was nice to get away and wonderful to see Amy, but the crowds and traffic I can live without. Amy has had one promotion already and is in line for a second. I'm very proud of her." 

"Well, you should be." 

I move my hand down to Cathrine's smooth mound and caress her pussy lips with my fingers. She grabs my wrist and presses my hand firmly against her vagina. She continues to slowly stroke my shaft. My fingers split the wet slit between her thighs.  

"She was able to take a week's vacation, so we enjoyed eleven straight days together. We drove down to San Diego for a few days for some sight-seeing and went to the zoo. It was lovely." 

"So, did you two go to Black's Beach in San Diego?" 

I glide my fingers along her inner labia as I ask. 

"No, we did not. I'll reserve that little experience for you. By the way, keep playing with my pussy, you have the magic touch." 

"Well, I just thought since you went on your nude beach adventure up north and found your boy-toys and the man with the nine-inch cock, you might try your luck there." 

"Rob! I am not going to go man-hunting with my daughter. That just would not be right." 

"But, you're okay with going to the waxing salon together?" 

"Yes, that's fine because it's our girls' day. And we also get our hair done and have a Mani Pedi as well. I hope you appreciate that I wax regularly?" 

"I certainly do. Would you like some lube for this smooth, hairless pussy which I adore?" 

"Yes, please and then you have to tell me about the last few days. I assume you found another lady with big tits?" 

Catherine releases my cock and I grab the cherry lube from the nightstand. I pour a few drops on my fingers and glide them along her wet inner labia. I slide my fingers up and contact her fully engorged clit. 

"Mmm, I like that. You know, you are going to make me cum soon?" 

"Yes, I know. That is my intention." 

"Well, get on with your story then. Tell me why you have to come clean with me." 

I press two fingers deep into Catherine's pussy and search for her G-spot. She raises her ass while I continue to slide my hand back and forth within her slippery folds, assisted by the lubricant. 

"Okay, but don't judge me. So, you know how I don't go out of my way looking for hook-ups, they just seem to come to me?" 

Catherine squeezes my cock, "Yeah, right." 

"Let's not forget the first time we met; it was you who tapped me on the shoulder. So, I was sitting outside the trailer, reading on my iPad." 

"Reading stories on Literotica.com I bet." 

"Well, yeah. And this cute little King Charles spaniel comes walking toward me on a very long leash. She rubs up against my leg and I lean over to pet her. Suddenly I look up and her owner comes around the trailer in blue hospital scrubs." 

"Oh, I see. You're going to tell me you met a doctor who gave you a thorough physical exam." 

"Not so fast Cath. And, she turned out to be a nurse." 

"Of course, she was." 

"This nurse, whose name is Sally apologized for the interruption. She had just arrived and was out walking her dog named Dixie. Dixie jumped into my lap and then Sally apologized again." 

"I bet you wished Sally had jumped into your lap." 

"Will you let me continue. So, I said no apologies needed and invited Sally to sit down." 

"And now it starts." 

"Catherine, please! I found out Sally is a registered nurse from Santa Maria, and she works in the back and spine department, but intends to retire soon." 

"Oh, an older lady. You do like mature women." 

"I wouldn't have it any other way. Sally got up, said it was nice to meet me and that we would probably see each other around the park over the next couple of days. I thought she looked rather sexy in her blue scrubs." 

"I'm sure you did. Did she catch you perving on her? Ladies always know when a man's eyes are giving them the once over. I bet she was on to you from the start." 

"Catherine, will you let me finish. Just keep stroking my cock please. I invited her to join me for some barbecue tri-tip. Sally accepted my offer and we traded cell phone numbers so I could text her when dinner was ready." 

Catherine squeezes my hard shaft, "Smooth move. Now you can sex text her anytime you want." 

"When the tri-tip was ready, I texted her to come on over. I did not send her a dick pic." 

"Too bad. Well, maybe in the future." 

"When she arrived for dinner, my eyes nearly popped out of their socket. She was wearing denim shorts, a baseball cap and a floral bikini top that barely contained her very large and very round breasts." 

"I knew this was coming. Rob, you are so predictable." 

"I had to steady myself and concentrate on cooking." 

"Of course, you did. Go on." 

"She liked the ShadowCruiser and said she owned a small Coachman which was perfect for her and Dixie. We ate tri-tip and salad and shared some information about ourselves. When Sally laughed, her boobs shook and wobbled within her bikini top. I tried not to stare." 

"Rob, you always, always stare. I'm surprised she didn't run away." 

"Midway through dinner, it got colder, and Sally asked if I had a sweatshirt she could borrow. I saw her nipples become hard little bullets and press against her bikini top. Being the gracious host, I lent her my zip-up hoodie." 

"Such a gentleman." 

"After dinner, Sally helped me with the dishes while Dixie laid on my bed. When everything was cleaned up and put away, she thanked me for a lovely evening, and we made plans for a bike ride the next day. We hugged good-bye and Sally walked back to her trailer with Dixie. Sally said she would return my sweatshirt in the morning." 

"And that's it. No wild sexual rendezvous on this bed? No girl on top? Or from the rear, which happens to be my favorite position." 

"Around 9:30 I got a text from Sally asking if I have two AA batteries. I asked if she could wait until the morning and she said she was desperate for them." 

"Rob, please tell me you didn't take her batteries at 9:30 at night?" 

"When I got to her trailer, she was waiting for me wearing only a red thong and waving a vibrator in the air." 

"Oh Rob, my dearest love, even I saw that coming. She wanted you from the start. So, did you oblige her wishes?" 

"If you mean, did we end up in her bed, then the answer is yes." 

"So, big tits and a sweet pussy?" 

"You know me so well Cath. Yes, I stayed the night and she introduced me to a new sexual position called The Amazon. Have you heard of it?" 

"No, I haven't, but it sounds a bit scary." 

"Sally had me lay on my back on the edge of the bed with my legs spread." 

"Okay, that sounds like an acrobatic move." 

"Sally stood in front of me, grabbed my cock and squatted down. She impaled herself on my shaft and filled her pussy. As she lowered her body, my cock was pulled forward. It was the most sublime feeling. At times I thought my cock might break in two." 

"My poor baby, I'm glad this didn't break in two. Then where would I be? Rob, your cock is getting harder. Oh my, thinking about fucking Sally is making you this hard?" 

"No Cath, your hand job is making me this hard. Do you know how tight your grip is? I'm not going to last much longer." 

"I love to play with your cock, to tease you and to please you. Would you like me to finish you off?" 

"Yes please. You make my cock swell." 

"I will, if you promise me you'll have enough left over to bend me over this bed and fuck me." 

"I will, I will. Please Cath, let me cum now. You've had me on the edge for the last ten minutes. I'm going to explode." 

Catherine keeps a tight fist around my shaft as she reaches for the cherry lube. She drips a small amount on my glans as she slides her hand up and down my cock. 

"This should make my hand job more pleasurable. Feel how easily my palm glides along your thick hard shaft. I'm going to make your cock explode." 

I respond to her touch as my cock throbs. Her slick hand squeezes my shaft as she strokes up and down. I am rock hard. Catherine uses her other hand to massage my balls. She rolls them around with her fingers. Her hand grips me tighter and strokes me faster. She is on a mission to make me cum quickly. That familiar sensation rises from my balls up through my shaft to the tip of my glans. I am so close. Catherine grips me tighter and I erupt. 

"Gawd Catherine, I'm cumming baby, I'm cumming." 

Several ropes of cum shoot up into the air and drip down her fingers. Catherine leans down and licks my cum from her fingers and the tip of my cock. After she cleans her digits, she slurps up the jizz on my stomach. She licks it all and swallows every bit of it. When she finishes with my belly, she turns her attention to my cock. My shaft softens while Catherine sucks my entire length down her throat. Her lips press against my groin as she cleans me with her tongue. I am drained physically and emotionally. 

"So much tasty cum and a big load too. I love to coat my throat with your cum. Let's rest for a few minutes until you recover and then you can take me from behind." 

Catherine stretches out beside me and we cuddle for a few minutes before dozing off for a mid-day siesta. Around 3:00 PM, my eyes flutter open and I gaze upon Catherine resting soundly on her back. Her big boobs gently rise and fall with each breath. I love her crimson red aureole perfectly centered on her round orbs. My eyes follow her mature form down her soft stomach to her sweet smooth pussy, lush thighs and long legs. 

I adjust my position and move down the bed slowly, as to not disturb Catherine. Her legs are partly separated, and I move in between them. I gaze at her lovely feet and pedicured nails. The bright pink polish provides an alluring vision. Normally, I would take time to fondle her feet, rub and lick the smooth arches. I would wrap my lips around her toes and suck on them like I suck her big clit. Catherine loves the attention to her toes. She says it sends chills up her spine and makes her pussy wet with desire. 

Today, I am more interested in tasting that sweet cunt and providing her an amazing orgasm before I take her from behind. As I move up to her thighs, I gently spread her legs and lightly kiss her smooth skin. I move closer to her pussy and inhale her sweet womanly fragrance. Catherine's dark pink inner labia protrude a half-inch from the puffy outer lips. I lower my head and lick along her moist slit from bottom to top. I taste the first drops of her juice along with remnants of the cherry-flavored lube. 

With each pass of my tongue, I delve deeper between her soft petals. I split the flaps and suck them into my mouth. The soft skin is pliant, and I use more suction. As I run my tongue around her inner labia, I feel a tap on my head. With my lips firmly planted on her pussy, I look up to Catherine's sparkling blue eyes. I guess she is awake now. 

"What are you doing?" 

I release her inner lips to speak. 

"Eating your pussy. Such a pretty pussy. I want to return the favor and make you cum before I bend you over the bed. You were sleeping so soundly, I thought I'd wake you gently with my tongue. How am I doing?" 

Catherine spreads her legs and uses her fingers to spread her waxed outer labia. Her pink gash is opens for my further exploration. 
