 This is part two of a four-part series about Catherine's and my adventure at a clothing-optional resort in Northern California. Catherine's wish is to have two hard cocks at the same time. Will she get her DP? 

My gal pal and soulmate, Catherine, and I are exploring a clothing-optional resort in the Santa Cruz mountains of Northern California. She has a wish to experience two hard cocks at one time. She figured she just might get lucky at a resort where we are walking around naked all day long. She registered us as Mr. and Mrs. Anthony which has made for some funny situations. We registered for two days and have just finished eating lunch on the first day. Our waitstaff wears Kelly green uniforms consisting of neckties, sun visors and tennis shoes. 

After lunch, our next stop is the resort pool. A good size crowd is enjoying the sun and water. The chaise lounges surrounding the pool are occupied. We do see a couple of empty lounges along the back row of the deck and grab them. There are complimentary towels on them. Again, I am reminded of the resort's attention to detail. It feels good to rest and relax. The afternoon sun is bright and keeps the temperature quite warm. 

We adjust to our surroundings and look around at all the naked bodies in all shapes and sizes. I am quite proud to be in the company of Catherine. I can tell she is drawing more than a few looks from people around us, both male and female. I look to my left and see a lovely lady reclining and looking my way. I smile and nod. She returns my smile and looks directly at my cock. I inadvertently flex my shaft and my cock becomes semi-erect. The lady on my left smiles and winks at me. Oh, my gawd, I've got to contain this thing. 

The lady whispers, "Nice day, isn't it?" 

"Yes, it is. We are enjoying the resort very much." 

I look directly at her through my sunglasses. Thank goodness for sunglasses. She has a lovely smile and shinning green eyes. Her fair complexion is highlighted by reddish blond hair. I look lower and see that she is a natural redhead. A tuft of bright red hair flowers above silky smooth pussy lips. I detect a bit of moisture along her pink slit. She has a pair of teacup shaped breasts that appear to be a B-cup or so. It's hard to tell while she is reclining. Little round pads cover her nipples protecting them from the sun's rays. I am about to say something when I'm interrupted by someone standing above me. 

"Excuse me sir. Welcome to the Lupin Lodge pool. I'm Jessica and I have some complimentary sunscreen for you." 

My eyes adjust to the young lady hovering above me. She is wearing the Kelly-green tie and visor. Jessica has a dark tan over her entire body; no tan lines at all. Her green tie is barely visible between two gorgeous round tits capped with coral puffy nipples. Jessica's pussy lips are smooth with a small landing strip of brown curls above a well-defined clit. And, it is staring me in the face. OMG, please don't let my cock get any harder. 

I smile and reach up to take the tube of sunscreen, "Thank you so much Jessica. I just can't get over how considerate and friendly the staff is. You have such a lovely tan. Do you work here full time?" 

"I do during the summer months; this is my third year at Lupin. I'm currently a senior at San Jose State University and plan to graduate next year." 

"Well congratulations and good luck for your final year. I fondly remember my college years, although it was a long time ago." 

"I am enjoying my time at 'State'. Oh, by the way, I love your cock-ring, purple is my favorite color. You'd be surprised how many men around here are wearing cock-rings. They must be the latest fashion trend." 

I don't know how to respond to that. All I know is that I certainly don't want to respond with an inflating shaft right before her eyes. I need to change the subject. 

"Jessica, may I get a tube of sunscreen for the missus?" 

Jessica hands me a second tube of sunscreen and then turns to the lady next to me to offer her some more protection. I look over at Catherine and hand her the tube of lotion. She looks at me over the top of her sunglasses," For the Missus?" 

I shrug my shoulders and ask her if I can help her apply sunscreen to her wonderful, sexy, magnificent body. 

"No thank you, I should do it myself. Although, I wouldn't mind feeling your hands all over my wonderful, sexy, magnificent body. We don't need to draw anymore attention to us. And may I remind you that Jessica is also younger than my daughter." 

Oh well, I offered. Catherine just said she doesn't want to draw anymore attention to us and then she proceeds to open the tube of sunscreen and squirts a generous amount onto her boobs and around her nipples. She rubs the lotion seductively around each mouthwatering mound and tweaks her erect nipples in the process. She massages her mammaries until the lotion is completely covering her number one asset. Catherine aims the tube at her inner thighs as she spreads her legs and reveals her puffy pussy lips for the world to see. I can't take anymore. I need to quell the swelling between my legs. 

"Cath, I need to jump into the pool and cool off." 

"What? Is applying sunscreen to my body getting to you?" 

Oh gawd, I feel my cock getting harder. I jump up from the chaise lounge and sprint to the pool steps at the shallow end of the pool. I make my way to the middle and finally find relief. The cool water feels so good. For once, I am thankful for the concept of shrinkage. Thank you, Jerry Seinfeld. 

I enjoy the sensation of swimming naked and paddle out to the deep end. I float around watching others cavort in the pool. I didn't realize so many people were in the pool until just now. Many women are moving around the shallow end, visiting and talking with others, completely oblivious to their naked breasts on display. I wish I could be so oblivious. Why do I have such an obsession with tits? 

I use a sidestroke to get back to the middle of the pool where I can stand up and enjoy my surroundings. There is a lot of splashing and frolicking taking place. I turn around to avoid the water spray and come face-to-face with the redhead from the chaise lounge. The water level is just below her boobs and she is smiling at me. 

"Well, hello." 

"Hi?" 

My cock is stirring again, but at least it is under water. 

"I'm Alice. It's nice to meet you. I thought you might like some company as you hide out here in the water. Sorry, I just had to smirk watching you trying to deal with that busty coed with the sunscreen. Don't we all wish we could be that young again?" 

"Hi Alice, I'm Rob and that lady up there smothering herself in sunscreen is my significant other, Catherine." 

I notice Alice has removed the pads protecting her nipples. They are bright pink and pointing in my direction. Her areole is are about the size of a fifty-cent piece. I try to avert my eyes. 

"Is that your husband laying in the lounger next to yours?" 

"Yes, that is Ted. We've been members here for over four years and just love the resort. Is this your first time?" 

"It is and we are really enjoying ourselves. The staff is so attentive and so friendly." 

"And so young. Personally, I prefer more mature men and I must compliment you on your cock-ring too. Like Jessica, purple is my favorite color. I wish I could talk Ted into wearing one, as well as shaving his balls. Oh yes, I noticed." 

"Alice, I must admit I do love my cock-ring and how it keeps me semi-erect. I hope I'm not offending you?" 

"Not at all, in fact, I'm happy to make your acquaintance and welcome a new guest to the resort. We live just up the road in Los Gatos and try to visit a couple of times every month during the spring and summer. Where are you from Rob?" 

"I live in Pismo Beach and Catherine lives in San Luis Obispo. It was an easy drive up Highway 101 to get here." 

"Oh, you don't live together. I would think you would want to be with her and those amazing boobs 24/7." 

"Well, we are together a lot, but we also like our independence and the ability to explore other options. We have a lot in common and consider ourselves soulmates, but we're not exclusive. And you're right, she does have amazing boobs. I have to say Alice; your boobs are amazing too. I love your pink nipples and how hard they are right now. I wish I could bend over and slip one between my lips." 

"Maybe we can arrange that. They are about as hard as this nice cock I'm holding." 

Alice reaches down under water and grabs my shaft. I am now fully erect as she strokes my entire seven inches. 

"Isn't this wicked? Me stroking your hard-on and wishing you would suck my nipples. Everyone around us is none the wiser." 

"Are you sure about that?" 

"Just look around, everyone else is so preoccupied. How about we move to the deep end and then you can duck under the water to play with my tits." 

Alice and I swim to the deep end. She holds onto the side of the pool and pushes my head under water. I stare at Alice's sweet tits and move in to suck her right nipple. The hard nubbin sticks out at least one-half inch. I wrap my lips around her nipple and suck. As I release my suction, I scrape it with my teeth and pop up to catch my breath. 

"Wow, that was nice Rob. Want to do it again?" 

Before I can answer, Alice pushes my head under water again. This time I suck on her left nipple and slide my fingers along her pussy lips before needing another breath. 

"Mmm, you're a cheeky one. I like you." 

I hold on to the side of the pool while Alice grabs my cock again. She holds me tight for several moments. 

"So, Rob, do you and Catherine play around together?" 

"We've enjoyed a few threesomes together, but all were with other women." 

"Wow, I wouldn't mind being part of that." 

"Actually, one reason we are here is to see if we can find another hard cock for Catherine. It's been her wish to have a threesome with two men." 

"Would you consider getting together with Ted and me? She could experience two hard cocks and me. Ted has a very nice cock, not quite as big as this one I'm holding. But he can stay hard for a long time and I'm sure he can please Catherine." 

"This sounds intriguing. I'll see what she says." 

"I hope she says yes. I would love to have this cock buried deep in my pussy." 

"Do you think Ted would go for something like this?" 

"Oh, I know he would. In fact, he asked me to chase after you to see if I could get a hand on the situation. As you can see, I have the situation well in hand. When he saw you and Catherine show up, he nudged me to check you out. He would love to play with her huge boobs. We were so fortunate that you chose the two lounges next to us." 

"I guess we walked right into your clutches." 

"Yes, you did. Ted and I love to play with other couples. I hope you consider the offer. Do you two have plans after pool time?" 

"We're going to hike the northern trail that starts from the registration desk. We belong to a walking club in Pismo Beach and love to explore new areas. I'll talk to Catherine on our hike?" 

"I hope she says yes, I already know your answer. I better get back to Ted and let him know that we just might have special guests tonight." 

Alice releases my cock as I slide my hand once more between her thighs and pull on her little tuft of red hair. 

"Well Alice my dear, let me leave you with one thought; I really want to eat your pussy tonight." 

"Oh Rob, you are so cheeky. I think you better stay here until something deflates." 

Alice kisses me on the cheek and then swims away. I need to quell my cock. I swim a few laps around the deep end and concentrate on anything but our impending date with Ted and Alice. Slowly my shaft softens to the point that I can join Catherine on the chaise lounge. As I make my way up the steps, a rather busty brunette steps down into the water. 

"Hey nice cock-ring, purple is my favorite color." 

Not again. I walk over to my lounger next to Catherine without sprouting a woody. She is out like a light, resting comfortably. Her boobs rise and fall with each breath. Ted and Alice are no longer occupying the chaise lounges next to us. I lightly rub Catherine's right breast and pinch her nipple. She opens one eye and smiles. 

"Oh, hey stranger. I guess I nodded off for a while. I saw you talking to that cute redhead in the pool. She's a natural redhead you know." 

"Yes, I know. She's the one I have to talk to you about." 

"You didn't bone her in the pool, did you?" 

"No, no, but she did grab my cock. Her name is Alice. She and her husband Ted are regulars here and they are swingers. They were laying next to us." 

"Ted and Alice, huh. Sounds like names from a movie. So, she grabbed your cock, I probably would have done the same thing. Continue." 

"They saw us arrive and were happy there were two empty lounges right next to them. They were lusting after your Double-D's and my cock. Alice really likes my purple cock-ring. I told her about your wish to have two cocks to play with at the same time." 

"You told a complete stranger that!" 

"Well, she was holding onto my cock at the time. So, not a total stranger. Besides, did you get a load of those pink nipples? Anyway, they want to know if we would like to play. Those were her words." 

"I gather by play, she means 'swing'. Like having sex with them, the four of us?" 

"Yes." 

"Well, it is my wish to play with two cocks. So, where are they?" 

Catherine and I look around the entire deck and pool. We cannot spot them. They disappeared. 

"Did you see them leave, Cath?" 

"No, I was snoozing. Are you sure you weren't just daydreaming? I know how you like to fantasize." 

"I don't think so. You saw me talking to the redhead." 

"Maybe she just said hello and then moved on." 

"No, it can't be. She held my cock. I had a hard-on." 

"Sweetheart, you always have a hard-on. That's what I love about you." 

"I'm sure it wasn't a daydream. Oh well, are you ready for our hike? We need to go to the locker and get the backpack." 

"Yes my darling. I think a good long walk will do you good. And it will be exciting because we get to hike in the nude. Oh, I wish we could hike in the nude back home." 

Catherine and I gather our flip-flops and the complimentary sunscreen and head back to the lockers. I remember our number, it's 2019. From here we stop by the front desk for our complimentary waters before heading out. Fran is milling about and spots us right away. 

"Hello Rob and Catherine. How is your visit?" 

"It's been wonderful so far. The staff has been very friendly and attentive. We just love the uniforms of green neckties, visors and tennies." 

"Aren't they just terrific? We've received so many compliments, but many of the ladies' ties get lost between their big boobs. We have a new outfit for the ladies that we will preview tonight at dinner. We have bow-ties and short skirts for them, I just hope they don't look like Playboy bunnies." 

"Bow-ties look so sexy on girls with big tits. I would love to see you wearing a bow-tie Fran." 

"Oh Rob, you are so funny." 

Catherine asks Fran for directions to the ladies restroom. Fran leads Catherine down the hall and to the right before returning to the front desk. My shaft starts to stir as I feast my eyes on Fran's tits. They sway seductively with each step. 

"I'm so glad you're feeling comfortable enough to enjoy the resort in the nude, Rob. I knew you would come around. And may I say, I love your cock-ring, purple is my favorite color." 

"Your gorgeous boobs are starting to get me hard." 

"I see that, and I see you shave your balls. How delightful; I love giving blowjobs to men who shave their balls." 

"Keep talking like that and I'm going to have a raging hard-on in ten seconds." 

"I'm sorry Rob. I should watch what I say. I've thought about shaving my pussy, but I just prefer the natural look." 

"Fran, I for one love your thick bushy mop. I could get lost in there for days. 

"Oh Mr. Anthony, is that a proposal?" 

Fran runs her fingers through her thick black curls and they disappear. I lick my lips just as Catherine returns. She raises her eyes when she sees Fran stroking her pussy. 

"Gee, what did I miss?" 

"Oh, nothing much. Fran and I were just discussing things we like." 

"Well, I would like to get out on the hiking trail. Are you ready Rob?" 

Fran inquires, "Will you two be joining us for the formal dinner tonight?" 

We tell Fran we plan to be there and can't wait to see the new uniforms for the ladies. We head out the north door of the reception building to find the trailhead right outside. There's a wooden bench for us to sit and put on our tennis shoes. I lift Catherine's floppy yellow hat and plant a big, wet kiss on her lips. 

"I'm so happy you made this happen. It's so amazing to be naked outdoors while we hike through all the trees with the sun shinning down. It is paradise." 

Once I stash our flip-flops and the water in my backpack, I take Catherine's hand to begin our journey. After a few kilometers walking through low hanging trees, up rocky trails and along a steam, we find a clearing with another bench. We take a water break and realize we are not alone out in the wilderness. Two couples pass by with a nod and a smile. All four have deep dark tans, so we suspect they are regulars. Everyone wears floppy hats, sunglasses and not much more. Catherine acknowledges that she loves watching the men walk by with their cocks swaying back and forth. 

After a refreshing break, we continue our journey for another kilometer or two along a wide dirt path. We arrive at a pond of clear blue water that's as big as a football field. There are several benches scattered about and we see the two couples cavorting in the middle of the pond. We're ready for another break and remove our shoes before stepping into the water. 

Catherine walks out to where the water comes up to her hips and beckons me to join her. We splash about getting each other soaked and then come together. Catherine squishes her big tits into my chest and we make out for several minutes. When we break apart, we notice the other couples are enjoying themselves as well. The women are on their knees providing blowjobs for the gents. As we watch them perform, my cock begins to respond. 

Our voyeurism is interrupted by voices in the distance. 

"Hey Rob, hey Catherine, there you are." 

We turn to look back at the shore and see my new friend, Alice and her husband Ted. We move toward them and meet at the bench where we left my backpack. Alice comes up to me and kisses my cheek. 

"I'd like to you to meet my husband, Ted." 

We shake hands and I introduce Catherine to the couple. Alice walks over and gives her a hug, squishing their tits together. 
