 "Happy Anniversary, Darling." 

I hear a twinkle in Catherine's voice as she greets me on the phone. 

"Do you remember our first meeting with the walking club along the Arroyo Grande Creek when you didn't have a flashlight and I teased you about being a rookie?" 

"How could I forget, I looked into your sparkling blue eyes and fell immediately in love." 

"No, you didn't, you were staring at my tits and wondering how you were going to get into my pants." 

"OK, OK, so I may have glanced at your bosom when you were wearing that Cal Poly Mom sweatshirt. I remember thinking that you filled it out rather nicely. But then I was mesmerized by your eyes. Yes, I remember it like it was yesterday." 

"Well it was exactly one year ago today. I remember thinking Hey, that guy is kinda cute. Clueless for not having a flashlight on a nighttime walk, but cute." 

"I remember thinking that I should have given you a kiss on the cheek when we parted. But then, maybe you might have thought I was a perv." 

"Well you are a perv. My handsome perv." 

"Cath, what do you say we celebrate tonight. How about dinner at The Apple Farm and then we spend the night?" 

"Oh, that would be wonderful. Can we stay in one of the Trellis Court rooms, they are so charming, and the lobster cakes are to die for?" 

"Yes, we can, as long as the room has a king size bed." 

"You are such a charmer. Pick me up at seven." 

Wow, has it already been a year since we first met? I still look back on that wonderful day. What I always think about is the Saturday about ten days later. That was the day Catherine took me home after a 10K walk and we enjoyed oral sex in her hot tub. We ended the evening making love in her bed. That was the start of a wild and loving relationship. I've learned so much about Catherine since then, starting with the fact that she is an avid nudist and voyeur. 

Catherine lives on a cul-de-sac in San Luis Obispo; her house backs up to grazing land and she has a spectacular view of rolling green hills. There is a stone patio and sunken spa out by the back fence. Her backyard is completely private, and she sunbathes in the nude all the time. 

Her affinity for being nude doesn't stop at home. She frequents, and now we frequent Avila Beach where we stroll naked for hours on the clothing-optional side. I remember one weekend when Catherine was desperate to seduce her next-door neighbor, Lacy. We took Lacy to Avila and did just that. 

To quote Catherine, I love to go on weekends when it is more crowded and sunbathe for hours. Lacy joins me most of the time, and we walk back and forth along the shoreline showing off. I think you'll like Lacy; she has big torpedo shaped boobs. She looks like a 50s pinup girl. Her big brown areole and nips are like end caps. 

Well, the three of us went one Saturday, but we found out Lacy did not need to be seduced. She was willing and eager to share in a threesome. Catherine and I found this out while the three of us were strolling along the sand. There are large rock outcroppings at the far end of the clothing-optional side where many adventurous adults engage in all sorts of sexual activity. We spotted a man standing knee deep in the ocean and his lady on her knees with a firm grasp of his shaft. Half of it was in her mouth. Her pendulous breasts swayed back and forth as she sucked on his huge cock. 

As we watched the lady bob her head, Lacy reached over and grabbed my cock, moving her hand back and forth along my shaft. We were mesmerized watching the lady stuff most of the gentleman's cock down her throat while grabbing his ball sack, squeezing and pulling. Catherine whispered ...look at this size of that cock, he must be eight or nine inches. And then Lacy adds ...look at her huge tits swing back and forth. I'd love to suck on those. Catherine and I looked at Lacy and did a double take. That's when we knew we had her hooked. 

Later that day, while Lacy was resting, Catherine and I walked to the rock outcroppings. This time we spotted two couples going at it. The ladies were bent over and holding hands while their men were ramming their cocks into their pussies from behind. Catherine grabbed me as we watched the men push their hard cocks in and out, each holding onto their mate's hips. We heard grunts from everyone. And then we were stunned to see the men pull out and switch partners. When they reached the end, both men fired off several streams of cum over the ladies' asses. 

That was all we needed to see to get us worked up and put on a show of our own. Catherine whispered ...you need to fuck me now Rob. I need your cock. 

We moved around a five-foot boulder and I pressed Catherine against the rock. I lifted her leg and drilled my cock deep into her pussy. I rocked my hips back and forth as a few people on shore were watching. Catherine realized it and started to go crazy. She was yelling ...Fuck me harder Rob. People are watching, and I'm so turned on, fuck me harder. 

Our hips crashed together as we put on a show. The water splashed around us and my cock was ready to explode. I pulled out from Catherine and shot several ropes of cum on her pussy. When we came down from our sexual high, we looked back and saw Lacy standing on the sand watching us. She had her hands on her hips with her big torpedo shaped tits and smooth pussy staring right back at us. She wondered why we didn't invite her. 

Catherine explained that she and I wanted to go for a walk and we didn't plan on ending up out by the rocks. She did admit that she wanted to see some more hard cocks and when she did she couldn't help herself. I hugged Lacy and told her we would make it up to her back at Catherine's house. And we did. 

So that is the first story of my amazing exhibitionist and voyeur lady. I love Catherine to bits. 

Catherine hasn't let on that she is seeing any other gentleman at this time. She knows about the other ladies in my life and she encourages me to continue seeing them. I think she lives vicariously through my antics. I keep a diary of my relationships and write about them on literotica.com. 

She is a confirmed bisexual and has enjoyed the companionship of three ladies that I know of. First is her next-door neighbor, Lacy. Catherine also befriended my next-door neighbor, Denise. I told Catherine all about meeting Denise and our friendly relationship. She was intrigued and asked a lot of questions. 

When Catherine and I were camping near Sequoia National Park, Denise texted me and asked if she could join us, Catherine demanded that I say yes. The two ladies hit it off from the start and ended up in bed together and with me for a remarkable threesome. On that same excursion, we met a fellow RV'er whom Catherine spent one night together. A strap-on dildo was involved. 

If I had to describe Catherine to a friend, I would start by saying she stands five feet nine with Double-D breasts which I love. Her areoles stretch about four inches and are crimson red with thumb size nipples that are very sensitive. Her pussy, which I also love, has smooth puffy outer lips, dark red labia that hang down a half-inch and a narrow triangle of curly brown hair covering her mound. 

She is the mother of a Cal Poly graduate and retired last year. She is a confirmed exhibitionist and voyeur; and enjoys being nude at Avila Beach. A fact that I've already mentioned. Catherine loves giving blowjobs, likes to be on top, but her favorite position is doggy style. I am the first man to have had anal sex with her. To sum up, Catherine loves sex, sex toys, outdoor sex, beach sex, girl on girl sex and threesomes. She tells me time after time that she loves my cum and can never get enough of it. However, her number one feature is her sparkling blue eyes. The room lights up when she walks in. 

After our phone call this morning, I made reservations at The Apple Farm, both for dinner and the hotel room. I ran a few errands, showered and shaved. After packing an overnight bag, I now find myself driving up to San Luis Obispo to pick up Catherine. 

She opens her front door and my jaw drops. Catherine grabs me by the hand and pulls me inside. 

"Well, what do you think?" 

"What do I think? I think you look gorgeous. Wow." 

"Remember that first Saturday at my house when I told you I have a red cocktail dress that I wear with my satin deme-bra? And that I'll have to model it for you some evening because I know you will be mesmerized?" 

"Vaguely." 

"Oh, that's right, you were more interested in the green string bikini I was wearing at the time." 

"Or NOT wearing! That bikini was just three small patches that left little to the imagination." 

"Well, this is that red dress. I can't believe it's taken a year to show it off." 

"Catherine, you are so lovely, any man would be proud to be seen with you. So, you don't think you are showing too much boob tonight? That low-cut bodice is really revealing, not that I am complaining." 

"Well, my loyal breast worshiper, it is for you. Let the other men drool, if they want. Hey, where's my hug?" 

Catherine pulls me out of my trance and squeezes those wonderful mammary glands against my chest. Our lips meld into a passionate kiss as I reach around and grab her fleshy ass cheeks. If we didn't have plans for this evening, I'm sure we would be naked on the floor right now. Instead, she leads me into the kitchen. 

"I've poured us some wine before dinner. It's your favorite Merlot." 

As we sip our wine, I see how truly dazzling Catherine is. Her dress shimmers under the bright lights. After feasting on her tits that threaten to spill out, I notice the hem line is way above mid-thigh. When she sits down, I swear her ass cheeks will be visible. 

"Hey Rob, the cat got your tongue?" 

"No, no, I am just truly mesmerized, like you said." 

"Well, I am happy that you approve. I'm all packed and ready to go. Are you?" 

"Got my overnight duffle in the truck. You wouldn't mind doing a little strip show right now, would you?" 

"Cool your jets, big guy. We have all night for that. Besides, I have a couple of surprises for you. Happy Anniversary." 

"Happy Anniversary Cath." 

We finish our wine and hug one more time with our tongues exploring each other's mouth. I reach down and grab a fistful of buns. This time, my hands drop lower and I feel her soft pliant flesh beneath the dress hem. Catherine swats my hands away and hands me her suitcase. 

"Time to go, sweetie." 

I pile her suitcase into the backseat and assist Catherine up into the cab. Her long willowy legs stretch out as I admire a lot of bare thigh. Tonight, is going to be special. It's a quick ride to the restaurant, so I don't have time to fondle this sexy lady sitting next to me. 

We arrive at Apple Farm and are immediately greeted by the hotel staff. One member grabs our bags and leads us into the lobby, while a second valet parks the truck. I do like this service. Catherine is radiant, and several pairs of eyes look her way. Once we are checked into the hotel, our bags are taken directly to our room and we are shown to a private booth in the restaurant. 

"Rob, isn't this service wonderful? I feel like a queen." 

"Cath, you outshine any queen. I wonder if this impeccable service has anything to do with that dress you're wearing? You are definitely queen of the ball." 

Catherine and I are handed menus and we immediately order a glass of wine. We are feeling no pain right about now. We settle into the high back booth and choose our food selections. With that out of the way, I can now truly concentrate on Catherine. We bring each other up-to-date with our lives over the past several weeks. 

"Rob, how was your visit to Denver? Did you have a good time catching up with your high school friends?" 

"Yes, I did, it was great to reconnect with so many people at one time. But, Catherine, we need to plan a getaway on the train. That was the best part of the adventure. We'll book a sleeper and make love all along the rails." 

"Wow, you sound pretty excited by that idea. Wait a minute, I thought you reserved a regular coach seat, how would you know about the sleepers? Rob, what aren't you telling me about your trip? Did you get involved with someone on the way to Denver?" 

"I might have got myself involved with someone." 

"Fess up, tell me all about her. You know I love hearing about your antics. I assume she has big tits?" 

"Catherine, why do you always assume that? You know how I just seem to fall into these situations. I don't go out of my way looking for hook-ups. I adore you Catherine." 

"I know that, and I adore you too, Rob. You just have a way of getting yourself involved in surprising circumstances." 

Dinner is served. Catherine and I dine on some wonderful comfort food as I continue my story. Between bites, Catherine asks a lot of questions. 

I continue, "Well, I was sitting in the Observation railcar reading my book when a lady sat down beside me and introduced herself." 

"Name?" 

"Karen." 

Karen, I see. And was this Karen attractive?" 

"You might say that. Anyway, we strike up a conversation about our favorite authors and the next thing you know, she is inviting me to have dinner with her. Being the gentleman that I am, how could I refuse?" 

"Right. Always the gentleman." 

"We shared a bottle of wine and had a nice conversation over dinner. She was headed all the way to Chicago to visit her daughter and new grand baby, so she booked a sleeper. After dinner, she went back to her sleeper compartment and I got settled into my chair, reading my book." 

"Go on, I just know something interesting is about to take place." 

"Around 11:30, just as I am dozing off, I see a shadowy figure walking toward me. I clear my head and see Karen bending down to whisper something. She is wearing a purple satin nightgown with a lace bodice that leaves nothing to the imagination."  

"And now it begins. Rob, you are certainly one for the books. Go on, tell me more." 

"Yes Catherine, I admit, she has big boobs and they were threatening to spill out onto my lap. I asked Karen if anything was wrong and she said she was thinking about me and how it can't be very comfortable sleeping in the chair. She said her bed was spacious and thought I would sleep much better in her private compartment. She also thought she'd rest more comfortably with a warm body next to her." 

"Wow, what a pick-up line. And you couldn't say no?" 

"I tried to, but she was very persistent." 

"And the thought of those big breasts snuggling up to you was too good to pass up?" 

"Well, yes. So, we went back to her sleeper compartment and laid down together. I was facing her back and draped my hand over her waist. We drifted off to sleep." 

"Yeah, right. And you didn't grab her tits or make love." 

"Sometime, in the middle of the night, I woke up from a sexy dream and Karen's hand was wrapped around my cock." 

"OK, here we go. What happened next?" 

"She said I was poking her in the ass, and then we heard the couple in the next sleeper going at it." 

"Going at it?" 

"Yeah, they were fucking their brains out, we could hear them. The lady was saying ...Oh god James, yes, it feels so good. Fuck me harder, fill me with your thick cock. And ...Oh fuck, you are so deep, so deep. Yes, keep going. It was wild." 

"I bet that got you two going, huh?" 

"That's when Karen said that this couple had been fucking earlier and it really turned her on. She said she masturbated and had a nice orgasm. And then she came looking for me." 

"Wow, a woman on the prowl. And you were her prey." 

"I guess I was. So, that's when we started. Karen stood up and took off her nightgown. She had very large and very round boobs that sagged a little. Her nipples were deep red and centered within large round areole, kinda like yours. Her slim waist tapered down into wide hips and a thick patch of gray pubic hair covered her mound." 

"Well Rob, you are very descriptive." 

"Anyway, I got naked too and then she laid down and I took care of her with my hand. I rubbed her pussy and she was really wet. It didn't take long until she had another orgasm." 

"You do have a magic touch." 

"So, we were resting and then the neighbors started up again. They were making a lot of noise and then we heard the lady say ...Oh, gawd James do that again. I feel you deep inside, fuck me baby, fuck me. I love your thick cock, it's so much bigger than my husband's." 

"Wow. You're kidding. They weren't married?" 

"Well, not to each other. We were stunned and very horny. Karen climbed on top of me and we made love. But first, I had to eat her pussy." 

"Of course, you did. Did she taste delicious." 

"Yes, she did. And then she rode me like a wild stallion and we both had wonderful orgasms." 

"Honest to god sweetie, I don't know what I am going to do with you?" 

"Ride me like a wild stallion?" 

"You do get yourself into some crazy situations. But then, that's what I love about you. What do you say, we skip dessert and go get into some crazy situations of our own?" 

Catherine and I couldn't get the check quick enough. We were in a hurry, so I just put the tab on the room. No need to mess with a credit card at this point, when I have a sexy, horny lady ready for sex. My stories really get her juices flowing. 

We are back in the room and on the bed in quick order. Catherine climbs on top and we are making out like two high school kids. Our lips are pressed hard together with sloppy kisses and lots of tongue. She grinds her hips into mine and I feel my cock stiffen. 

"We need to get naked, Cath!" 

Catherine hops of the bed and does a sexy strip tease. She unzips the back of her dress and it slithers to the ground. She spreads her legs with her hands on her hips. Her Double-D's tumble over the top of her demi-bra. 

"Well, what do you think?" 

It takes a moment to register, but then I realize her pussy is completely smooth. Gone is the little triangle of golden pubic hair that covered her mound. The triangle that she recently grew out to a fluffy bush. The last time we were together I spent hours running my fingers through her soft, curly pubes. 

"Wow, Catherine, that is quite a change. Is this one of your surprises you talked about?" 

"Yes, it is, and I can't wait to feel your tongue sliding along my soft skin. I decided to get the full Brazilian yesterday when I was at my waxing appointment. My neighbor, Lacy has always had a smooth pussy and I love to go down on her." 

I motion for Catherine to join me on the bed again. She grabs my pant legs and pulls them down my body. My cock springs to attention, as she climbs up. 

"So, you haven't been wearing panties all evening? I could have played with your smooth mound all through dinner." 

"Yep, I guess it's your loss." 

Well, I'm not losing out anymore. Bring that pretty pussy over here." 

Catherine swings her leg over my body. I grab her hips and nudge her higher up my chest. 

"Catherine, move up and sit on my face. I want to eat your pussy before we fuck. I want to taste your sweet juices. Scoot up and let me have a taste." 

Catherine moves forward and plants her cunt right onto my open mouth. I stick my tongue out and drill up into her sweet labia. I press my lips together and suck on her big clit. It's already very hard and I flick the pink nub with my tongue. Catherine grinds her pussy into my face. 

"Oh, gawd Rob, that's it. Suck my clit, lick my smooth mound." 

Catherine moves her hips slightly and I'm able to lick her smooth mound. I can't get enough of her new Brazilian look. I lick up all the sweet juices that form on her labia. Catherine's dark red inner lips hang down from within her slit and I lick them from bottom to top. 
