 My soul mate, Catherine just returned from a two-week adventure with her next-door neighbor visiting nude beaches along the Northwest Coast of America. She and her friend Samantha explored long stretches of sand offering a lot of opportunities to view new vistas and new cocks. They had fun strutting their naked bodies in front of strangers and loved watching the men and boys flash semi-hard shafts in their direction. 

The girls enjoyed several encounters on the trip and Catherine was excited to share the details with me. She invited me to her house last night for a home cooked meal and sweet love making. We were apart for two weeks, so I was happy to have her back in my arms again, and have my cock buried deep in her pussy. Last night after dinner, we got reacquainted with a marvelous blowjob and sweet cunnilingus. Catherine then entertained me with a story about Samantha, her and two college boys. Apparently, the ladies met a student at Baker Beach in Humboldt County and ended up sharing him and his roommate back at the boys' apartment. 

Catherine's tale had us both hot and horny, so by the end of her story were making love on the living room carpet. The flickering embers in the fireplace created a warm glow as we fucked for the first time in two weeks. Afterwards we laid side-by-side, exhausted, yet satisfied. 

In the stillness of the moment, Catherine whispered, "Rob, I'm thoroughly fucked. Those college boys just don't compare. Let's get some sleep and then in the morning we'll make love again. I'll tell you about another nude beach adventure when Samantha and I met a nice Canadian gentleman with a nine-inch cock." 

What a way to end the evening. We moved to her king-size bed and snuggled up. I remember dozing off with the image of nine-inch cocks floating in my brain. 

I wake up from an eight-hour slumber and feel Catherine press her Double-D boobs against my back. They feel like two fluffy pillows massaging my back. She reaches around and grabs my morning wood. 

"Good morning lover. I love to play with a nice hard cock first thing, especially when it's yours." 

"I'm so happy I can accommodate you. I've missed waking up with you like this. Care to make love this morning?" 

"That very thought has been on my mind since I woke up. Would you like to hear another story from our nude beach adventures?" 

I roll over and face Catherine. Our lips meet, and we share a loving kiss. I move my hand between Catherine's thighs and stroke her smooth vulva. It's my way of letting her know I'm ready to listen. She props her head up. 

"This took place at Collins Beach in Oregon. Samantha and I just arrived at the beach around 11:00 AM. It was warm, and we were looking forward to working on our all-over tans. The beach was nearly deserted as we walked from the parking lot. We saw a few people in the far distance and one older man sitting alone about fifty feet from the shoreline. He saw us walking on the sand toward the ocean and motioned for us to come over. We figured it would be nice to have some company and maybe find out some information about the local area." 

Catherine smiles as she recounts the day. Her bright smile always makes people feel welcome. I move my hand along her hips and stroke her side as she continues. 

"Samantha and I walked toward the man who was sitting and reading a book placed on his lap. He was nude, enjoying the morning sun. He greeted us with a big grin. His name is William and he invited us to join him. William looked innocent enough and we thought it would be nice to have some mature company after our flirtations with the college boys. Samantha and I introduced ourselves and we spread out our towels next to him." 

I listen intently to Catherine as I move my fingers over her soft breasts and cup her left boob. 

"Were you two topless at the time?" 

"No, we were still wearing our beach cover-ups, but we were both naked underneath. We sat for a while and made small talk about the weather and the beach conditions and lack of people on this stretch of sand. I asked William where he was from. He told us to call him Will. He said he was from Vancouver, British Columbia and was traveling south along the coast to discover hidden beaches and warmer weather. He mentioned he was a widower; had been for a couple of years and decided it was time for a little adventure. His closest friends back home told him it was time get back to living and rejoin the human race. He had plans to travel with a lady friend, but she had to cancel at the last moment. Will decided to go anyway. He said it would be good to see some new sights, and who knows, maybe give him the chance to meet beautiful ladies along the way." 

"Well, I guess Will really hit the jackpot on this day. Did you two spend the day with him? Did he get to see these fabulous boobs?" 

"I'll get to that in a minute, just keep massaging them. Your touch feels so nice. Samantha and I told Will that we were traveling in the opposite direction, checking out all the nude beaches along the way. His eyes lit up when we told him that."  

"I bet they did." 

"Anyway, we didn't get naked right away, we just kept talking and let him know a little bit about us. After about fifteen minutes Will said he wanted to check out the ocean and see just how cold it was. He put his book aside, stood up and started to walk to the water. We watched him take a few steps and Samantha whispered... hey, look at that cute ass. I think we should stay and keep Will company. He did say he was hoping to meet beautiful ladies. I had to agree, he does have a nice sway to his rear end. I wondered out load to Samantha if she thought he was putting on a show. She kinda suspected he was and said we should get naked immediately. Well, I stood and moved my towel to the other side of his, so we could both lay right next to him. Our cover-ups were off in a flash and we sat down with our tits once again free as the wind. We continued to watch Will's ass as he took a few tentative steps into the water. There was a gentle breeze and our nipples responded, both to the air and to Will's naked body." 

I pinched Catherine's nipples as she continued talking. 

"So, they were hard, eh? Just like now?" 

"Yes, just like now. I love it when you play with my nipples. My pussy is getting wet. I looked over at Samantha and she was massaging her boobs and pinching her nipples while she watched Will. He didn't stand in the water too long, I'm sure it was very cold. So, when he turned around and started to walk back, we got our first glimpse of Will's cock. Oh my god were the first words out of my mouth. Samantha made some sort of audible gasp. As Will got closer to us, we realized we were looking at the biggest cock either one of us have ever seen. He continued to walk with a sway and his semi-erect shaft swung back and forth with each step. We were mesmerized. When he saw us completely naked, I swear his cock began to twitch." 

I was now blatantly rubbing Catherine's wet pussy, sliding my fingers along her moist labia. 

"And why wouldn't it twitch? My cock twitches when I am with the two of you. Actually, it get extremely hard, very quickly. So, his is the biggest cock you've ever seen?" 

"I'm sure it is. Well, as big as some of the cocks I've seen at Avila Beach. Remember that time we were there with my prior neighbor, Lacy? We saw that couple out by the rocks and lady was blowing the man with the huge cock. I swear it is that big." 

I do remember that day, he released a torrent of cum squarely on her face covering her lips and chin. She continued to jack him off and more jizz shot onto her boobs. Catherine was excited to see such a big cock and Lacy was fixated on the lady's huge tits. Catherine's pussy is now leaking lady juice and covering my fingers. I raise my hand to my mouth and lick her sweet cum. 

"Cath, do you want me inside while you continue your story?" 

"Yes, please. But, let me get on top." 

I roll onto my back in the center of the bed with my hard cock pointing north. Catherine straddles my hips. I hold my shaft while she positions her pussy over the tip of my cock. She eases down, taking my entire seven inches in one motion. I have a nice view of her Double-D's with dark red nipples. I reach up and squeeze her tits while she continues with her story. 

"Will was all smiles as he laid down on his towel. He remarked on what beautiful mature bodies we had and that this was his lucky day to be sandwiched between two gorgeous MILFs. Will confessed to being a big boob man and being so lucky to have us spend the day with him. He apologized up front for his stiff cock and hoped we wouldn't be offended if he remained hard all afternoon. On the contrary, our mouths were watering at the thought of staring at such a huge specimen of man meat for the next several hours. By the time Will was settled and laying down, his erection was at full staff and thick. It was the closest I've ever been to a nine-inch cock." 

Catherine ground her hips into me as she recounted the morning. Speaking of a full erection, I was enjoying mine right now. 

"So, you are sure Will sported a full nine inches? What, did you have a tape measure with you?" 

"Oh Rob, you are too funny. No, I don't usually travel with a tape measure. Will acknowledged his length later that day at our hotel. He said his wife loved to measure his erection all the time. It was a little game with them when they made love. He would never know when she might interrupt their play time and take a measurement. Every time she would proudly announce that she has nine and one quarter inches of solid cock. Will said she would always follow up her measurement with an extended blowjob, so he didn't mind the game. He said sometimes he would be mid-stroke in her pussy when she told him to stop and take a measurement. Often, she would finish him off with her mouth, swallowing all his cum. Other times they would resume fucking and he would deposit a full load into her cunt." 

"It sounds like they enjoyed a very happy marriage. How sad that she passed on. So, you say you ended up back at your hotel? I guess you had a successful day with Will?" 

"We did. But I'm jumping ahead of myself. There we were, three naked bodies on the sand. Two pair of large boobs and one huge cock. We tried to rest and let the sun lull us to sleep, but I kept obsessing over Will's massive cock." 

"Alright, alright, I'm beginning to feel a little threatened with all of your talk about Will's nine-inch dick." 

"Oh, I'm sorry darling, I didn't mean to make you feel that way. If it's any consolation, Will and I didn't fuck. I could never accommodate nine inches in my pussy. I would be stretched to the point of being uncomfortable and I could not fit two more inches inside. Your cock is perfect for me, so thick and when we grind together, I can feel your tip press into my cervix." 

Catherine grinds her pussy down onto my cock to prove her point. 

"Alright, I feel better. So, Will just has two wasted inches, huh." 

"With me that's the case, I won't speak for Samantha. Anyway, back to Will's cock and don't feel threatened baby. Will was dozing, but his cock remained hard. I decided to sit up and get a closer look. A moment later I reached over and wrapped my hand around his shaft. He is so thick that my fingers couldn't touch my thumb." 

"Wait, you just said you were only going to take a look." 

"Oops, my bad. I couldn't fit my hand all the way around, so I used both hands." 

"Cath, you are a naughty lady." 

"Yes, but you love it. I grabbed Will's cock with both hands and slid them up and down. I was measuring his girth while I jacked him off, so this was really a science experiment. After a few good tugs, Will opened one eye and smiled before drifting back. I took that as a green light to play. His thick shaft is so rigid, yet his skin is baby smooth. Later, Will told us he shaves his cock and balls a couple of times a week. He prefers the smooth look, and so do I. Samantha was dead to the world while I was enjoying myself. If she knew what I was doing, she would have joined in and probably fucked Will right there on the beach." 

"I'm sure she would have. But it sounds like you had the situation well in hand." 

"Oh you. I had one more experiment. I wanted to see if I could fit my mouth around his cock, so I leaned in and opened wide. His glans was plump and swollen like a ripe plum. I stretched my mouth as wide as I could and then wrapped my lips around the tip of his shaft. It was a challenge to suck him into my mouth. I could only fit his spongy glans, but I chalk that up as a win." 

Catherine moves up and down, sliding her wet labia along my hard shaft. She seems to be in a dream state right now as she remembers that day on the beach with Samantha and Will. I reach up and cup her breasts in my hands. I mold and massage her Double-D's and tell her to continue. My touch breaks her spell and she looks me in the eye as she grinds down on my cock. 

"So, you want more, huh. After playing with Will's cock for ten minutes, I laid down to rest with one hand still wrapped around his shaft. A while later, I felt a bit of movement and opened my eyes to see Samantha sitting up and masturbating Will. She was using two hands to stroke his length. Will was wide awake and thrusting his hips as Samantha stroked. I didn't want to miss out, so I sat up and grabbed hold with two hands as well. We each wrapped a hand around his shaft and there were still several inches of man meat exposed. Samantha and I were having so much fun with our nine-inch toy." 

I listen intently as I thrust against Catherine's pussy. She places her hands on my chest and rocks back and forth. My cock slides in and out and my climax builds with the friction of her wet inner flesh. I continue to massage her Double-D's and tweak her nipples. 

"Gawd Rob, your hands feel so good. When we were stroking Will's shaft he reached up and played with our tits. He had my boob in one hand and Samantha's in the other. He cupped and squeezed us as if to compare our size." 

"I'm sure he had a difficult time comparing. You two are so much alike in the boob department. So, were any other people on the beach watching your little exhibition?" 

"No, we were in our own little world. There were very few people on the beach and the nearest people were two hundred yards away. Samantha and I remained focused on Will. We took turns stroking him and sucking on his knob. Samantha was able to fit another inch or so beyond the tip. I still could only manage his glans. After several minutes, we increased our tugging and sucking. We became determined to get him off. We were both hungry for cum." 

"You are always hungry for cum." 

"I know. Will warned us that he was getting close, so we squeezed his shaft harder. I reached down and grabbed his balls. They are perfectly proportion to his cock and smooth as silk. I squeezed them, rolled them and pulled down on his sack. That little maneuver sent him over the edge. Will's cock was throbbing and then he let loose with a torrent of jizz. Samantha was sucking him and received the first volley of semen. She released his cock and a second rope of cum shot into the air and onto our hands. I leaned in quickly and placed my mouth around his manhood capturing the third and fourth spurt. While I sat up and savored his load, we continued to stroke his shaft milking a few more strands of cum. The last remnants dribbled down onto our hands." 

My own climax is at hand and I warn Catherine that I am close. She grinds her hips into me and then proceeds to glide up and down my seven inches, coaxing my orgasm along. She bends down and lets me suck her erect nipples. She knows I love her crimson buds and when I feast on her tits, I usually shoot a massive load of cum. Her breathing is erratic, and I know she is not far behind. 

"Geez Rob, I'm close too. I love it when you scrape my nipples with your teeth. Cum for me baby. Cum like Will came for us. Shoot your load into my cunt. Will's cream was sweet just like yours. Samantha and I licked our fingers clean and we licked his cock clean. We shared so much cum, so much sweet, sticky cum. Now give me yours." 

Catherine's words send a jolt through my body and I lift my hips up, drilling my cock into the depths of her pussy. I release several jets of semen into Catherine just as Will had sent his flying. 

"Yes, Cath, yes. I'm cumming, I'm cumming. Oh, so good, my darling, my sexual goddess." 

Catherine feels the warmth invading her inner cavern and goes into over-drive. She bounces up and down on my shaft and swings her head left and right searching for her own release. I grab her nipples and twist the buds lightly. She takes a deep breath and then cums hard. 

"I'm there Rob. Fuck me baby, fuck me baby." 

She drives down on my cock as her lady juices erupt and cover my thighs. She shakes her head side to side, her eyes are shut tight as the rides the wild wave. Her first orgasm of the morning leaves her drained and she collapses on top of me. I can feel her heart beat as she presses her chest into mine. I wrap my arms around and hold her tight. Her firm boobs press my flesh. Our lips meet and tongues parry back and forth acknowledging our love for each other. 

Catherine catches her breath and whispers, "Rob, only you can make me feel this way. I love big cocks, but your cock is the one I crave. I want your thick shaft buried deep inside me forever." 

We roll over locked in each other's arms and rest for a few moments with eyes closed as we savor our morning. A few moments turn into an hour or more. We drift in and out of consciousness wrapped in each other arms. It's late morning when we begin to stir again. I ask Catherine if she's ready for breakfast and she nods. Before we get out of bed, I ask Catherine if she and Samantha left Will on the beach after they cleaned his cock. 

"Oh, heavens no, that was just the beginning of our time together. Samantha suggested the three of us grab a bite to eat and then take our activity back to our hotel. Will was all for that plan, he was not about to let two buxom ladies slip through his hand. And we weren't ready to leave Will. After all, he was the only one to cum so far, and we wanted ours." 

"So, you left the beach and went to lunch before resuming your fun back at the hotel?" 

"Yes, we did. And it was hard to concentrate on eating knowing what was in store for us later. Let's eat and I'll tell you all about the afternoon." 

Catherine and I climb out of bed. She puts on her silk robe but leaves it unbuttoned. She looks sexy with the swell of her breasts and smooth pussy on display. I throw on my boxers and we make our way to the kitchen. Catherine brews a pot of coffee while I cook omelets. We sit at the kitchen table and nourish our tired bodies. Catherine continues her story and occasionally moves her hand beneath her dressing gown to squeeze her tits. 

"Will followed us back to our hotel. Inside our room, we shared a three-way kiss and then we stripped Will. His cock was erect and throbbing. We grabbed his shaft and pumped his nine inches a few times before pushing him down on the bed. Samantha and I did a sexy striptease as he stroked his cock. We took turns standing in front of Will and let him lick our pussies. He grabbed our asses and pulled our cunts against his lips." 

"That's a sexy scene Cath. I bet you were wet." 

"I was. Will said we both tasted divine. He asked who wanted to cum first and I volunteered. We got on the bed and I laid on my back and spread my legs. I told Will I thought his cock was too big for me and begged him to eat my pussy instead. Samantha played with his cock while he ate me. Will has a very talented tongue and had me moaning in minutes. He hit all the right spots, drilling his tongue deep within my labia and sucking on my clit. It didn't take long for me to have an earth-shattering orgasm." 
