 I stood in the bright light of the hotel bathroom and examined my reflection in the mirror. My outfit consisted of a very short plaid skirt, a tight white blouse, white ankle socks, saddle shoes, white thong panties and a white bra. I had my long brown hair in pigtails.

'Yeah, I think he'll like this.' I thought smiling.

"What's taking so long in there?" he called from the main room.

"Be right out." I replied.

I pulled a lollypop out of my overnight bag, unwrapped it and tossed the wrapper in the wastebasket. I opened the bathroom door.

"Close your eyes." I called.

"They're closed." he answered.

I stepped out of the bathroom and walked to the end of the bed where he lay waiting for me wearing only his boxers and a smile. His eyes were squeezed shut.

"Okay," I said. "Open your eyes."

He opened his eyes and immediately sat bolt upright on the bed, his mouth half open. No words came.

I smiled at him innocently. "Hi. I'm Cat. What's your name?" I asked shyly, running the lollypop back and forth across my tongue.

"Paul." He said, eyes focused on the lollypop. "I'm Paul."

"Hi Paul." I said, dropping my eyes demurely, studying my shoes for a moment.

"Hi." he said, obviously stunned.

"Do you want to play with me, Paul?" I asked, staring at the growing bulge between his legs.

He stared intently at my mouth as I opened it and stuck out my tongue, running circles around the lollypop.

"Yeah, sure. I'll play with you." he said.

I smiled at him innocently.

"So. . .uh. . .what flavor is that sucker?" he asked.

"The nuns say not to call it a sucker 'cause nice girls don't suck things." I said.

"Are you a nice girl?" he asked.

"Not always." I said, studying my shoes again.

"So what flavor is your sucker?" he asked again.

I smiled at him seductively. "CHERRY." I said.

His mouth dropped open and the bulge between his thighs grew.

I held the lollypop out to him. "Do you want some of my cherry, Paul?" I asked, returning to the virginal facade.

"Oh yeah, bring it over here." he said.

I walked around the side of the bed and smiled down at him, holding out the lollypop. He took it from my hand and laid it on the bedside table. I frowned. He swung his legs over the side of the bed and pulled me onto his lap. He was surprised to feel my bare ass against his thighs. He lifted my skirt in the back and rubbed the soft warm flesh.

"You're wearing a thong?" he exclaimed.

I lowered my head, as if ashamed. "yes. . ." I replied. "The nuns say they're bad, but I like them. Is that okay?"

"It's very bad." he said.

I pouted a little in response.

"I LIKE bad." he said. "How else are you bad?"

"Well, sometimes I. . .touch myself. . .down there."

"Really?" he replied. "Will you show me?"

"I don't know. . ." I replied, acting unsure.

"Come on. You said you wanted to play with me." he said as he ran a hand slowly up my leg, under the hem of my skirt and began to massage my upper thigh.

I moaned softly, closing my eyes.

He moved his hand further up and began to rub my pussy lips through the soft cotton of my panties. He covered my mouth with his, kissing me deeply. The crotch of my panties was more than a little damp.

"Lay down and show me." he commanded.

I crawled across the bed on my hands and knees, giving him a good view of my bare ass, the thin strip of white material disappearing between my cheeks. I lie down on my back and spread my legs a little.

"Show me - now." he said again.

I pulled my skirt up around my waist and slipped my right hand down inside my panties. I rubbed my hot pussy lips in little circles, working my hips in the opposite direction. I closed my eyes and moaned softly, enjoying this role-playing to the utmost. It didn't take long to feel a climax building inside me. My pussy was drenched. I began to slide my middle finger back and forth over my hard clit.

Paul began to unbutton my blouse. I opened my eyes a little, smiling at him dreamily. He was straddling my hips, the boxers lost, watching my face intently, obviously enjoying seeing me in the throes of my solitary passion. He pulled the blouse open and undid the front hook on my bra, spreading that open as well.

I began to whimper and rub my pussy faster, as my orgasm got closer. Paul leaned over and covered my breasts with his hands, kneading the soft milky flesh.

"Oh that feels so good. . ." I moaned. And then my orgasm enveloped me. I rubbed my clit franticly, eyes closed, mouth agape, a long deep moan escaping my lips.

When my body began to relax again, I opened my eyes. Paul knelt between my thighs and removed my thong panties. He pushed my legs farther apart and began to run his tongue up and down my wet slit, licking up my juices.

"No," I said. "We can't do this. It's bad."

"Does it FEEL bad?" he asked. He wrapped his lips around my pussy and sucked my clit gently.

"No. . ." I said. "No, it feels so GOOD. . ." I closed my eyes and focused on the sensations his hot tongue was creating.

He crawled up the bed and brought his body down on mine. His hard cock pressed against my inner thigh. My pussy began to throb with need.

"I want to fuck you." he said, bringing his lips to mine. He pushed his tongue into my mouth, kissing me with such passion. My stomach did a somersault. I returned the passion of his kiss for a moment, wanting him inside me so desperately. But then I broke the kiss abruptly.

"No, I can't." I whispered. "I've never. . ."

I was completely lost in my role as the virgin catholic schoolgirl. Now the fantasy was mine as well as his. The line between fantasy and reality seemed to blur. I was totally into it, totally turned on by it. I felt incredibly aroused and yet somewhat apprehensive, as if it really was my first time.

"Never?" he said.

I shook my head.

"You're a virgin?" he asked, playing his part to a tee. And I felt his hard dick throbbing against my thigh harder.

"Yes." I whispered, looking into his eyes.

He worked his hand between our bodies and began to slowly massage my swollen clit.

"Look how wet you are." he whispered. "You're ready for me."

He pulled his hand out and grasped his dick, rubbing it back and forth across my steaming "virgin" hole. I moaned softly.

"Do you want me?" he asked.

"Yes. . ." I replied breathlessly.

"Tell me. . ." he said.

"I want you. . ." I whispered, unable to control the desperation in my voice. "Oh god, I want you. . ."

"I'll be gentle. . ." he whispered.

A chill coursed through my body and I shuddered as he pushed his rigid cock into me slowly. When he had about half his length inside me, he hesitated.

"This will hrut a little bit, but just for a minute." he said. "just relax and it'll start to feel really good. I promise."

For a split second, I remembered my REAL first time - the momentary pain as my first boyfriend's cock broke through my hymen and then the extreme pleasure that came after the pain subsided.

I smiled at Paul bravely now and nodded my head. He kissed me, softly at first, then growing more and more passionate. He broke the kiss and ran his tongue up the side of my neck.

"I'm gonna make this virgin pussy mine." he whispered in my ear. He thrust his tongue into my mouth. When I began to moan and suck his tongue with desire, lust, he pushed his cock the rest of the way in, burying it deep inside me.

I cried out, my body seemed to remember the pain for just a second. He began to stroke my hot cunt. I pulled my legs up and he grabbed them, putting them over his shoulders one at a time. This position provided not only deep penetration but also plenty of friction on my swollen clit.

I moaned, "Fuck me. . .oh god. . fuck me, Paul!" All virginal pretenses were gone. I was so completely turned on, so hot, I just wanted him to shove his hard dick inside me over and over.

We fucked like animals - moaning, groaning, whimpering, panting. It was the hottest sex we had ever had. We climaxed together, grunting and grinding against each other desperately. I could feel his hot cum filling me as my pussy contracted over and over, milking his cock of all its juice.

When it was over, he pulled out of me and rolled over onto his back. I knelt between his thighs. I pulled the ponytail holders out of my hair and ran my fingers through it.

'What a sight I must be!' I thought. My blouse was wrinkled and hanging open, bra open, plaid skirt bunched up at my waist, I was still wearing the ankle socks and saddle shoes.

I bent down and took him into my mouth, licking and sucking our combined juices from his cock. What a fabulous, erotic flavor! He moaned. I sucked him until he was hard again.

"Fuck me. . ." he pleaded.

I straddled his hips and lowered myself onto his dick. I began to ride up and down, varying the pace and angle of my strokes. Everything felt so damn good! I rested my hands on the bed, just above his shoulders and rode him like a whore, fucking him with total abandon. He grabbed my ass and began raising his hips off the bed to meet my strokes. I came hard, crying out, my whole body shuddering uncontrollably. When my orgasm subsided, he rolled us over so that he was on top. He thrust his cock into me, over and over.

"Fuck me. . .fuck me. . ." I moaned again and again. Another wave of pleasure washed over me, causing me to gasp and whimper, clinging to him tightly.

He fucked me harder, faster.

"Yes, baby, stick it to me hard. . .Mmmmmm. . .fuck me hard. . .cum inside me!" I cried.

His orgasm seemed to explode inside me, hot cum splashing against the walls of my cunt like lava.

I'll have to let him "take my virginity" again sometime! Maybe next time I'll bring a friend!