 I arrived at the strip club at about ten o'clock that night. It had been a while since I had a girlfriend, and I wasn't feeling lucky enough to check out the local clubs. So, I figured that watching a bunch of girls dance naked would be about the closest thing to action that I would get that night.

I walked into the joint, smoke and bad music filling the air. I showed my ID to the bouncer, ordered a drink, and went on inside. There were three stages going, the main one in the middle and two of the smaller side stages. The girls were all hot, but I always check out the "inventory" before I put my money on anyone. 

After a few dances, I was prepared to start tipping this tall redhead that had been dancing at the stage closest to me. That's when I saw Kirsti.

She walked out onto the main stage, dressed in a Catholic schoolgirl outfit. She was amazing. Her tits were bigger than all the girls there, but they weren't too big. They were just perfect. Her ass peeked out from the bottom of her skirt a little, making me wish that the music would get faster so she would take more clothes off.

It was obvious she knew what she was doing on that stage. She danced out top the pole at the end of the stage, swung herself around a couple of times, then lifted a leg, straddling the pole. She was wearing no panties, so everyone in the room got a clear shot of her cunt. Just watching her fully clothed was giving me a hard-on.

She strutted back down the stage, toward the wall of mirrors that acts as the backdrop for all the dances on that stage, and turned her back to the audience. She playfully lifted her skirt, exposing her firm ass cheeks. She then began to unbutton her blouse, slowly, my eyes glued to the mirror trying to get an early peek at her breasts. When she finished unbuttoning, she flung the shirt to the floor and proceeded back to the edge of the stage. Dropping down to all fours, she crawled to where an admirer sat, ready to tip her. 

Kirsti lifted up to her knees, pressed her body against his, and slowly made her way down his body, until her head slightly grazed his crotch. She turned around, got back on all fours, and began making fucking motions, showing off her ass to her fan. She trailed a finger down her lips, put the finger in her mouth and sucked on it for a second, then motioned for the man to put the tip between her tits. He did, then she proceeded to her next customer.

This went on for a while, her song playing over and over again as the DJ gave her more time to dance. After all of that, her second song began. She almost tore her bra off, dropped her skirt to the floor, and began dancing again, sexier than ever. Her skin was flawless, tits bouncing to the motion of her body. Whenever she moved, she made me want to fuck her. Anything she did made me want that.

Eventually, she finished, left the stage, then went to the bar for a drink. The DJ announced that she was available for private dances, so I made my way to the bar. I had been to amazed to tip her during her dance, but I was not going to miss this chance.

"Hello," I said when I got to her, not quite sure what I should say to such a beauty.

"Hey there," she said flirtatiously. I realized that it is her job to act that way, but it still did the trick.

"Can I buy you a drink?" 

"Sure. Rum and coke."

I wasn't sure what I should say next, but while I was contemplating that, she received her drink and had made other plans.

"Can I sit with you for a while?" she asked, as if I could say no.

"Sure."

We went over to the table that I had been sitting at. I helped her with her chair, oddly enough doing the gentlemanly thing to a girl that I'm about to pay to dance naked for me. She seemed to appreciate it though, so I don't think it hurt.

"Are you free for a private dance?" I asked, even though I knew the answer.

"Of course, for you," she said, as I felt a hand slide up my leg. 

"But let's wait until the song ends. I'd hate for you to pay for a dance and only get half a song."

After the song ended, she grabbed me by the hand and led me upstairs to an empty room, music from the club being pumped in by a radio.

"Do you mind me keeping this outfit on?" 

"That's perfect for me. I like Catholic schoolgirls."

When she began dancing, her face went from friendly to seductive in seconds. She stared moving her hips, gyrating her body back and forth, enticing me with what I knew I could only see, not touch. She turned around and sat in my lap, wiggling back and forth. She must have noticed my erection, but she kept it up anyway. She bent over in front of me, her skirt hiking up and exposing her bare ass. After standing back up, she turned around and whipped her top off. No bra this time. She moved closer, straddling me. Pushing her tits against my chest, she moved to the music, apparently not minding my hard-on pressed against her exposed pussy. In fact, she ground her hips into it, only making my desire grow.

Then, she got on all fours on the couch we were on, lifted her skirt up, and made sex motions over me. Her hips were still right over mine, only sideways, and with each thrust she made she again ground her cunt into my cock. She sat up again, shook her tits in my face for a bit, and then the song was over.

"I hope I was good enough for you," she said, obviously knowing that she was.

"You were great," I stumbled, flustered from the dance.

"I get off at 2," she said. "If you come by, maybe I can help you get off."

That got my attention. I assured her that I would be there, and was looking forward to it. Who wouldn't be? But, since it wasn't even midnight yet, I still had some time to kill.

I went to a bar for a few hours, trying to drink enough to build my confidence for the upcoming situation. Also, I think, to get me drunk enough to not make a fool of myself. At any rate, I arrived back at the club at about 2. As I pulled up in my car, I saw her walking out the doors.

"Need a ride?" I said out the window. She was still wearing her Catholic school uniform.

"In more ways than one."

She got in my car, and pulled off.

"Where to?" I asked anxiously.

"Your place. My roommate hates it when I bring home unexpected visitors for the night. She says she can't sleep through all of my screaming."

With that, I headed towards my place. I was in a hurry to get to my apartment, for obvious reasons, but Kristi decided that she couldn't wait.

She began to unzip my pants on the highway that runs through town. My cock was already hard from seeing her again in that outfit, so she just pulled it out and gently stroked me.

"Your dick is so big. It feels good in my hand."

"Yes, it does," I goofishly replied, not quite sure what to say to that.

Without a word, she lowered her head down and slipped her lips over the head of my shaft. She sucked on it slowly, moving a little more into her mouth at a time. A hand played with my balls, as my hand fondled her tits.

"Rub my nipples," she said. "I like that."

I complied, and as soon as I did, her job at sucking my cock increased. She took the rest of me inside her mouth, flicking her tongue around, milking it for my cum.

"I want you to cum in my mouth. Please."

It wasn't long after she said that that I felt it coming. I shot my load in her mouth, and she kept her lips around my shaft. She sucked up my semen, every last drop. A couple of minutes later, she let off and placed my cock back inside my jeans. I zipped up.

"Thanks. I don't think I could have waited much longer. I wanted to do that earlier, but there are rules at clubs like that."

It only took a few minutes after that for us to arrive at my place. We got out of the car and hurried up the stairs to my apartment, groping and fondling each other the whole way. After I finally got my door unlocked, we immediately went to my room and fell onto my bed.

"This is a bouncy bed. It'll be fun to fuck on."

As she said that, I grabbed her and kissed her lips, quickly making my way down to her chest. I started unbuttoning her shirt, while she wrestled with my clothes. We realized each others intent, and undressed. But, I made sure she kept on that skirt.


"Do you like skirts?" she asked playfully.

"I guess it's kind of a fetish…I like fucking chicks with skirts on. Something about easy access."

She straddled me again, this time lowering her pussy over my dick. She slid up and down my shaft, licking and sucking on my chest the whole time. I played with her ass cheeks and rubbed her cock-filled cunt from behind. 

We fucked for a few minutes, harder and harder. She was right about screaming. She screamed with every orgasm. But I didn't mind. I like a vocal girl. I warned her that I was about to cum, and she stopped and climbed off of me.

"Come over to the window and cum," she said, darting out into my living room.

I was a little puzzled by her suggestion, but when I followed her, I found her bent over in front of my window. She had opened it.

"Fuck me from behind. I want the neighborhood to hear us cum together."

How could I say no? I went over to the window, pulled up her skirt, and thrust my cock deep inside of her in one motion. 

"Oh god!" she screamed. "Fuck me…harder…harder!!!"

I fucked harder, as hard as I could. Her screams increased my arousal as the neighborhood was probably wondering what was going on. But, at that pace, I couldn't keep up for long.

"I'm going to cum," I said, making sure she was ready.

"Don't say it to me, scream it to the world!"

With that, we both let out a scream of pleasure that, I'm sure, was heard for miles. I came longer than usual, and she kept up longer than that. I kept fucking her until her screams began to subside.

After we got dressed, we talked over a cup of coffee.

"What was your name again?" she asked, no hint of embarrassment in her voice.

"Allen," I said, turned on yet again by the fact that this gorgeous chick let me fuck her without knowing my name.

"Well, Allen, I hope you had as much fun as I did. We'll have to do it again."