 Note: this is a continuation of the story "Cathy ch 01, 02, 03" by antlerBoy. It works okay as a stand-alone story, but will make more sense if you read the other parts. Er, yeah, that makes sense, right? Right.



I awoke the next day, early this time... tasks around the house, and a writing deadline looming before me. As a work-at-home writer, you have to be somewhat self-directed. Actually, deadlines are a good thing: it means that a paycheck is in the offing.

I'd finished a pot of coffee, and nearly completed a new chapter when there was a loud knock on the door. I pulled the door open to see... Linda –this time pushing her way straight on, and past me into my apartment.

"Well, Hello, Linda..." I stammered. "What's up?"

"Jim, my asshole husband didn't pay the gas bill, and our apartment's cold, and there's no hot water. I figured that after yesterday, well... I figured that you might let me take a shower?"

"Of course you can," I answered, taking a long look at her, as my cock began to swell again. Tight shorts, YES. Very tight T-shirt, YES with no hint of a bra, and in her cold state, very erect nipples pushing up against the thin fabric. YES. "Of course you can..." I answered again. "It's just down the hall, on the left."

"No, show me..." Linda replied as she grabbed my hand, tugging me down the hall. I could only gasp as I watched her ample hips, swollen with her pregnant form danced side-to-side as she pulled me down the hall.

"Oh this is nice," Linda said as she turned on the light. "But... there's a very high step-over into this shower, could you help me?" With her awkwardly pregnant form, I had to admit that she had a point. Nearly 9 months along, the swell of her belly would make it difficult to maneuver into the jetted tub of my shower.

"Help me," Linda said as she turned to me, pressing her swollen pregnant form against me.

"Help me..." as she reached to grab my hands, guiding them to the bottom of her T-shirt, and then guiding me to grasp the shirt up, and over the top of her head. It fell to the floor. Her bare breasts swayed as she dropped her arms. Linda looked me straight in the eye as she skimmed off her shorts and panties.

There before me was a very naked, and very pregnant goddess. My cock was straining against my pants, which Linda immediately solved by pulling the buckle and sliding my pants down my legs. 

"I think..." Linda gasped as she knelt before my very erect cock... "I think you need a shower too. And maybe more." 

Shucking my clothes and stepping into the warm spray of the shower, I began soaping Linda's back, as she leaned forward, bracing against the tiles of the shower. With each stroke of my soapy caress, she bent lower... finally pushing her ass against me, swaying against my cock with each stroke of my hands.

"Help me," Linda groaned as she grasped my cock, and guided it to her swollen nether lips. A gentle thrust, and I was in her. Another thrust and I was fully within her, to the hilt as she twisted to push back against me. Time stood still as I moved within her. 

I was very near the edge of my spend, when Linda pulled forward, bracing up against the tiles of the shower. My cock fell from within her.

Linda turned to look over her shoulder, locking my eyes as she said: "I want you the other way... I want you to finish the other way." Linda bent lower, reaching with both hands to pull her cheeks apart. There was no mistaking the invitation.

I gently guided the tip of my cock to the swollen gape of her forbidden spot. With the water cascading from the shower, I gently worked the tip of my cock within her.

Slow. Tight. Linda... so tight. Linda screamed as I pushed the full length of my wet cock inside her.

"Do IT Jim," Linda screamed. Just a few more pushes, deep within her, and I lost all control, spending my seed up inside her ass.

It was probably minutes later, when Linda and I stood again, the hot water streaming down over our trembling bodies. I turned to gently kiss Linda as I turned off the shower. And then help her step out of the shower.

Very wet, very pregnant, very beautiful... and still struggling for balance as she grabbed a towel.

I could only watch in spent exhaustion as Linda dressed, taking time to wink and smile with each garment. Her bra in particular: Linda took extra time to strap and adjust her breasts as she continued to look me in the eye. Licking her lips.

Linda only paused a moment to blow me a kiss, and then stepped out, closing the door behind her.

Collapsing on the couch, wondering what Linda might say to Cathy. Girls talk... who knows what tomorrow might bring?