 CATHY

Stifling a yawn, Brick Castle wished life wasn't such a bore. He'd worked hard all day, his wife and he were undergoing a trial separation and all her girlfriends knew that and had cut him dead.

Bitches.

Women tended to gang up on a guy like that.

Brick put on a butt-fucking DVD after dinner but it did nothing for him, except make him yawn more. Cathy liked to butt-fuck; why wasn't she here? Oh yeah, she was sick of cleaning up after him and arguing. Finally tired of her complaints he'd told her to go home to her mother and she did. Next day Cathy had him meet her in their attorney's office and they'd ended up signing a trial separation agreement.

Well at least she'd paid the bill, using her own money. Cathy might be an unstable person but she did some things in style and even offered sex an hour before she left with her bags for her mother's mansion.

The front door bell went.

"Fucking evangelists calling at this time of night." He cracked his knuckles preparing to tell them where they could go.

PETRA

The heavily built blonde said, "Hi Brick."

"Oh hi Petra," he said. 

Petra his age of thirty-three was married to one of his golfing buddies. Although she wore glasses and had thick legs she was okay. Her big tits tended to catch the eye. 

"May I come in?"

"Yeah sure," he said, stepping aside.

Her dress was tight emphasizing she had a fat belly. He almost asked rudely what did she want.

"Max said this morning Cathy had gone home to her mother for a while."

"Yeah a trial sep. Apparently I get up her nose too much."

"I've always found you very pleasant."

Huh?

"It's Max's bowling night so I thought I'd drop by to check that you are okay."

Brick said a little nervously, "Cathy only left two days ago."

"God the way Max was talking he made it sound like Cathy left weeks ago."

Brick thought he better not tell her to go. "Come through. I'll fetch drinks. White wine?"

Petra said thanks and headed for the snug, the only room ahead of her with lights on.

Opening a bottle of wine Brick heard Petra scream, "Ohmigod!"

He rushed to her aid, only to find her bug-eyed watching this guy with a beard and a cock as big as his arm pushing into the butt of a babe bent over and pulling her cheeks apart.

Jesus.

Petra panted, "Ohmigod."

"Sorry, oh I'm so sorry Petra. I was bored so put on a DVD um, not bothering to check what it was. It's um one of Cathy's choices. I'll..."

"No leave it on. I've always been curious about anal sex."

"Doesn't Max...?"

"No. Do you and Cathy?"

"Um I'll get the wine."

Petra was so glued to the screen that she almost dropped her wine when taking it

"He didn't pull out and shoot up her back," Petra complained.

Brick said he wasn't familiar with that DVD and switched off the player.

"God I can't believe watching that could make me excited; look at my nipples."

Brick looked at Petra rolling a now clearly prominent nipple.

"Do you like looking at my breasts?"

"Um."

She faked a growl and said, "Are you a man or a mouse Brick Castle?"

"Petra please," Brick said, pulling out a handkerchief and dabbing his forehead. 

Petra braced her legs and placed her hands on her hips. "Don't you find me attractive Brick? You've never hit on me."

Very unwisely Brick blurted, "You have one of the best butts around Petra. Honest. I find it er riveting."

"Riveting?"

"Yes, used in the sense of mesmeric."

"Ohmigod, there's something about me you really like."

"You are upfront, friendly and have personality."

"Oooh Brick."

By her tone Brick knew he was in deep shit. "Look do you mind if I ask you to finish your wine and go? I have er a headache."

"I want you to try me out for anal Brick, if not tonight sometime soon."

"Okay," he croaked, again unwisely.

Petra turned, flicked up her skirt, pulled her panties down a bit and then said the unbelievable. "Kiss my butt Brick, both cheeks. I want you to feel committed."

She really did have a great ass, full, very rounded and it stuck out behind her just a bit. His cock, bent over in his underpants, grew longer but painfully. He knew it would be a pleasure treating her to anal, but where was no sense encouraging her.

However his tongue ran ahead of his brain. "Nice ass Petra. Remind me to fill it sometime."

Brick couldn't believe he'd said that. Was he fucking insane?

"Oh darling. Max is guest presenter at a university night class tomorrow. I'll come over at 7:15 and will bring condoms and lube. You might like to fuck me conventionally as well."

Petra attempted to get him to kiss her ass again but he pressed a hand to his head, faking a pained look and declined. She left after kissing him with just a hint of tongue.

* * *

The doorbell went at 7:00. Fucking evangelists. Wrong, it was Petra.

She swept in and went straight to the bedroom. Brick scratched his ear thinking how did she know which was the master bedroom? Had she been there with Cathy? One could never be sure what would two women get up to if left alone. By the time Brick caught up with her she had the lights on, the top cover pulled back and had stripped.

He swallowed.

She jumped on to the bed and rose on to her knees just like Anal Annie had done on the edge of the bed in that DVD and holding out a spray can of lube purred, "Come on slowcoach."

Brick dropped his trousers and sprayed his dick.

"Shouldn't you spray my anus? Jimmy did that to Anal Annie on the DVD?"

"Oh yes."

"You do know how to do anal?"

"Yeah sure. At college we guys used to do it blindfolded and later had to nominate which of the babes we'd penetrated anally and in what order. The winner received a butt plug."

Brick hadn't wanted to spray Petra because he wished it to be too painful for her virgin ass and she'd run off home crying and he would have not committed adultery... er at least not to the finish.

He sprayed and watched the excess run down her crack and his erection twanged out into absolute readiness.

Petra reached around and pulled her cheeks apart.

God what a magnificent ass, sculptured by Michelangelo no less. 

Under the revised plan he'd intended to ram it in to send her running home to sit crying in a warm bath. But something happened. It was too beautiful to abuse. With great tenderness and soft passion floating through his breast, Brick patted and stroked and kissed the expanse of creamy virgin territory. He worked a finger in and around and then slowly worked it wider and then eased in both thumbs to stretch the chute wider.

Petra was groaning and smacking her pussy. 

"Oh this is so wonderful, so wonderful." She purred. "You are so gentle."

Fifteen minutes later sweating, rested and with it in as far as Brick could get it without Petra renewing her yelling, he was ready to make her day, er evening. 

He began moving.

"Ohmigodohmigodohmigodohmigodohmigodohmigod," she chanted in Greek although he thought there was something familiar about that chant.

She began moving back on to him with good timing.

Brick began squeezing in farther.

Petra began sweating and panting and finally he was fully in. She hit her clit and bawled liked a cow giving birth, hurling him into a massive ejaculation.

After an hour's nap Petra decided to go. She waddled to the front door where she kissed Brick, burying her tongue into his mouth, and then yawned and said, "We must do this again."

She waddled to her car, a hand holding her butt.

Brick was almost asleep when his phone went.

"Hi, I'm in a hot bath drinking gin. I feel wonderful."

"Great," Brick yawned.

"You forgot to have pussy sex."

"No I didn't. When I rolled you over you pushed me away and said no, that your butt felt on fire."

"Oh did I? Darling all I remember is walking to my car like a duck, like a well-fucked duck."

"Sorry about that. Try to think of it that anal is for aficionados. Good night."

Brick was worried about her calling him darling. His pals reckon if a woman calls you darling after a stray fuck that signals she intends digging her hooks into you.

Shit.

PAULA

On Saturday at 12:50 Cathy's older sister Paula breezed in, waking Brick who was dozing in the snug during ads interrupting sport on TV.

"Hi I've brought lunch for us. It needs heating up so I'll do that on fan bake. Lock the door."

"Lock the door?"

"Yes Terry is at golf but someone might visit you."

"Who?"

"Christ Brick, how would I know? Cathy says you give her the best anal she ever receives."

"What!"

"Oh sorry, perhaps I ought not have used present tense. Cathy says you are great at giving anal."

"Paula you are my sister-in-law."

"I know that so nothing has changed, has it?"

Brick could think how to answer that. At times women could put it across him perfectly.

"You don't look convinced darling. Listen in my book anal is not the accepted way of committing adultery so we can do it without feeling guilty. Just don't touch my cunt and we'll be fine."

Brick had difficulty getting his head around that but guessed it was just Paula at her illogical best.

She unzipped him and had him up hard, giving him no time to get out of his chair. She then kicked off her slip-ons and pulled off her dress. She wasn't wearing panties. A tube of lube appeared from no where, probably from a pocket in her dress if dresses had pockets, and she applied it to his dick and grinning gave him a few beautiful stokes with the skill of an accomplished fiddler

God he'd never thought of motor mouth Paula having any sexual talent. He thought that lay with her mom and youngest sister Star. With a name like Star she'd been designed to work in the sex industry but in fact was in her final year at med school. He'd been seduced by both Star and her mom, er separately, the first summer he'd been dating Cathy. The family had rented a mountain cabin for the holidays. He'd thought about fucking about fucking all the women near senseless on Day 1 of the camp in the manner in which men dream on when relaxed, which is why wives won't allow their men to day dream. 

But dream turned to reality when Star and then her mom rubbed up against him and he crumbled and then worried he'd fouled the nest, But nothing was ever said. Perhaps Star and her mom had both wondered would he be any good for Cathy and so decided without consulting each other to run a test. Or was that thinking too complicated for females? Star just eighteen at the time had been so excited at being fucked be a decent sized dick (her words) she'd continuously drooled even when he was kissing her. He'd been disappointed lusty Star had never came back for more. He sometimes caught her mom staring at him vacantly as if running that camping encounter through her mind.

Oh crap.

By the time he'd reminisced that far, Paula had slapped lube round her butt hole and he slipped into the tunnel as easy as a tube train leaving the station.

"Ohmigod, you're longer than I'm used to," she blurted.

Brick grinned proudly and slipped the pillow behind his back under his ass, improving the angle, and as Paula dropped into her first bounce, facing away from him, she squealed, "Squeeze my boobs." He squeezed her right tit and reached round and sank three fingers into pussy and rubbed his thumb over her clit.

Paula yelled "This is fucking great" and went "Oink, oink, oink, oink, oink, oink."

She had great stamina. He'd ejaculated into her and when she finally came they both rolled apart panting and in a sweaty mess. Brick was amazed that with three children and a grumpy husband she could be so energetic and enjoy it so much.

Paula ignored the mess and backed against him, pulled his head down and they tongued and she placed his hands on to her tits and ordered him to play with them. Yes ordered.

Paula made him undress and then pulled him by his half-stack dick to the kitchen and said they should both stay nude because she could go one more session.

"Pour the drinks you wonderful anal man."

ROSEMARY

Two evenings later a few minutes after Brick had arrived from the office the front door bell went. He remained relaxed, thinking it was too early for evangelists.

A woman with no apparent tits smiled up at him. Besides been short she had gray hair and a very wide mouth. Wide mouth meant a wide... Naughty boy, Brick thought He noticed the cake tin.

"Hi Mr Castle. I arrive with greetings and a tin full of fresh baking. We haven't met. I'm Mrs Sheath from just along the street a bit. Your wife and I often chat at the supermarket or hair saloon or she leans over the fence when I'm out gardening and we talk about flowers."

Brick wished she were in her garden right now... er... after quick delivery of cookies.

"About now is usually when I have a drink."

Brick wasn't sure what to do with that information.

"Cyril is at my mother's."

"Oh you have a dog?"

"Cyril is my husband. We don't have a dog."

"Then who's at your mother's?"

Mrs Sheath sighed and said she understood Brick's confusion and the reason for his stress. She better come in and accept the offer of a glass of wine. She brushed past Brick. He followed her to the kitchen wondering why she was so pushy and was Cyril at her mother's to escape.

Brick placed a glass of Chardonnay in front of her and filled his glass. She remained staring at her glass.

Mrs Sheath ended the awkward silence. "I only drink red wine."

Jesus. Perhaps Mr Sheath was on his way to hide out in Central America?

He poured a red wine and she asked to see the label and grunted.

Brick though was that a grunt of approval or disapproved? He was unlikely to ever know.

"Why has Cathy run home? Have you committed adultery?"

"Good heaves no."

"So Cathy is not at her mother's?"

"Yes, I was saying not to adultery. She left me four days ago for reasons that shall remain confidential."

Mrs Sheath said actually she now had a new theory about Cathy's 'evacuation'. "She's become emotionally exhausted at constantly attempting to reach understanding with you."

They sat in silence and then Mrs Sheath startled Brick; she appeared to be masturbating, becoming very red-faced about it.

Then she said, "Ohmigod."

"What?"

"This is so embarrassing."

"It's okay, I've seen women masturbating before."

She laughed. "No you fool. I pulled my skirt up when I sat and the textured top of my bar stool has caught in the fastener of my suspender belt. I need you to help free me."

"Mrs Sheath if I were to do that and Mr Sheath came in, what would he think?"

"He's 250 miles away staying with my mother while he renovates her kitchen. Anyway, since we are becoming this intimate you must call me Rosemary."

"Rosemary?"

"Yes Brick?"

"You know my name?"

"A woman as intelligent as your wife is likely to not only know your name but remember it and use it when speaking to me about you."

"Oh."

"Brick cut the crap and come and free me. Don't expect to be shocked; I am wearing panties."

Brick couldn't figure out how old Rosemary was. For some reason she appeared young as well as old. The 'gray' hair was actually purple streaks dyed into her color-fading brunette hair. Ah was that an attempt to cling to youthfulness?

"Do you have purple streaks in your hair, um, down there?'

Rosemary twittered. "Oh you naughty man. For all you know I might have no hair down there."

"Do you?"

Rosemary tensed. "Are you really that interested Brick?"

He couldn't hold her intense stare so looked down as he walked towards her and said, "Are you asking me to incriminate myself?"

She hissed but only because she was sucking in breath.

Brick stared at her exposed upper thighs and asked, "How do you suggest we do this?"

"Will you be embarrassed if you smell pussy?"

"Nah. I'm used to it."

"I bet. Well first I'll remove my skirt," she said. She pulled a zip and lifted her skirt over her head. She was wearing a soft kind of bra that did nothing for tit shape.

Rosemary placed a hand on Brick's shoulder as if restraining him from pulling away.

"Is my arousal odor okay?"

He bent right down and sniffed heartily and clutching her left breast Rosemary almost toppled off the stool.

Brick caught her and she cooed the expected, "God you feel so strong. Um I think we have forgotten about freeing me."

"Ah yes."

Rosemary, big-eyed, said, "I may say I have welcomed these diversions."

"Diversions?"

"Your attempted seduction."

"Rosemary, I really don't..."

"Hush I understand your predicament Brick and know we have only just met. It's been several days since you had sex. Your balls must be really aching."

"D-do you have tits?"

"I have some breast development yes. But please free me first."

First? What did she mean by that? Brick wondered. Did she mean free her and then she'd show him her tits?"

"First?" he said hopefully.

"Yes free me and then you may look at my wee breasts."

The big action hero spun her chair partly around, lifted Rosemary's right leg and placed it over his shoulder only to find it was the back of the left thigh that was snared. The right leg was dropped and the left one raised and Brick bent down and unhooked the outsized loop of textile of the chair covering that had snagged in the clasp of the garter suspender at the top of the stocking welt.

"Oooh thanks, Here allow me to kiss you.

She kissed him on the cheek and he turned his head. She opened her thin lips and his tongue pushed without resistance into her mouth.

Rosemary moaned and reached down and played with his cock and balls but didn't unzip him. 

Brick's erection strained against the zip. Still no action from Rosemary.

Gradually becoming bored with tonguing that was going nowhere Brick placed both of her legs over her shoulders and told her to lift her butt. He pulled off her thick and somewhat over-large panties.

"Oooh we are to fuck are we?" she smiled after removing her tongue from his mouth after yet another session.

"If that's what you want."

"Oh please but be gentle. I haven't had one for a while. Cyril is seventy-two you know."

A dog seventy-two? Then Brick recalled Cyril was the husband taking her mom's house apart.

Licking his lips Brick pulled Rosemary's rather bony legs apart, looked down an gasped at the mass of the bush, almost a jungle.

"How old are you Rosemary?"

"Sixty-three."

Brick's erection died and remained in sullen slack for the best part of two days.

Of course Rosemary was disappointed.

Brick pumped another wine into her to improve her mood and at the door she turned and said she was sorry he was unable to maintain an erection.

"Now I know why Cathy has left you. For goodness sake seek expert medical help.

CHERI

The doorbell rang just before the start of the game at 7:30. 

"Fucking evangelists," Brick muttered, balling his fists.

The purveyor of religion was solo on door-to-door marketing of the alleged Word of God. Eyeing the sweet-young-thing, Brick was tempted but thought he really wasn't a candidate for doorstep conversion.

"No thank you sweetheart."

"But handsome sir, you don't know what I'm selling?" she cooed, fluttering her eyelashes underscored by the Devil's eye make-up.

"The alleged Word of God."

She looked slightly taken aback and that gave Brick the chance to make his assessment. Tits about average although still pushed forward in greeting; age way, way below sixty-three.

"How old are you?"

She answered, "In case it has some relevancy, I'm twenty-seven. I attended our company's half-day marketing course for beginners and they described our competitors polluting the doorsteps of citizens. Eleven of them were named as evangelists of various denominations but I can't recall mentioned the Alleged Word of God people. Are you sure they are registered to sell door-to-door?"
