 It was so damn slow at work that day!! And there she was stuck on help desk, preventing her from leaving.

She had been on her favorite web site, reading erotic stories for the past hour. She knew she wasn't supposed to be reading them at work, but she had to do something to pass the time!!

The problem was, she was horny as hell now. God, she had to get some relief!!

"Can you grab the phone while I go to the bathroom?" she asked her cube mate. "Sure." said the girl that sat across from her.

Cindy hurried into the bathroom and shut the stall door. She was going to have to masturbate to get some relief.

She lifted her skirt, pulled down her panties and sat down on the toilet. She ran her hand down to her pussy. Her lips were already swollen and her clit was standing at full attention. She slipped two fingers inside her steaming pussy. "Oh God," she moaned.

She started pushing her fingers in & out of her pussy, moaning loudly. God, it wasn't going to take long as horny as she was.

Suddenly, she heard someone clearing their throat. Damn, she had been in such a hurry to get some relief that she had forgot to lock the outer door on the unisex bathroom.

She sat perfectly still, hoping the man would leave. But just then, the stall door was pushed open.

It was Jesse. He worked two cubes down from her. She had always been attracted to him, but she knew she didn't have a chance with him. He was young & gorgeous. And he thought of her as an old married woman.

He smiled wickedly at the sight of her sitting on the toilet, legs spread open, her fingers in her cunt. "Damn," he said, his cock hardening in his pants.

"I, ummmmm," she stammered, blushing from head to toe.

"Need any help?" he asked, rubbing the front of his trousers.

Was he serious, wondered Cindy. Did she dare? Oh God, a cock would feel so damn good right now!

"Hell yes," she said, reaching up and unzipping his pants. She reached in and pulled out his cock.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm," she moaned at the sight of his long hard cock. She extended her tongue out and licked the head, swirling her tongue over & under it. He groaned loudly.

She sucked his swollen member into her mouth, bobbing up & down on it. God he tasted good.

She started out slow and then increased the speed. Up & down. Faster & faster. Then she moved her mouth down sucking his entire cock into her mouth until her nose was buried in his pubic hair. She reached down and gently squeezed his balls. "Jesus," he groaned.

"Stop," he said. He reached down and removed her mouth from his cock. Cindy groaned in disappointment. She was just getting into the rhythm of things.

"I've got to fuck you Baby," he said huskily. He stood her up and turned her around facing the wall. He spread her legs apart with his knee. 

Jesse reached down and ran his fingers across her cunt lips, moaning at the wetness he found there. He stepped up behind her and lined his cock up with her pussy lips.

"You want this Baby?" he asked her. "You want me to fuck you?" he asked, sliding his cock up & down her pussy lips.

"Oh God, yesssssssssssssssss, fuck me," she groaned loudly. 

He slammed his cock into her hot pussy in one hard push. "Arruuugghghhghg, " she moaned.

Jesse started fucking her hard & fast, just the way Cindy liked it. "Oh Jesus," she moaned, this was just what she needed.

She arched her back, grinding her ass back at him. He grabbed her hips and started slamming into her faster & faster. "Oh God, cuuuummmmiinnnnnngggg," moaned Cindy. 

Jesse felt his cock flooded with cum. "Oh fuck," he groaned. He slammed his cock into her pussy one last time, grunting loudly. Cindy moaned as she felt him spurting inside of her. She squeezed her pussy muscles tightly around his cock, milking him.

"Arruugghghhh," he moaned. 

Suddenly they heard the outer door opening again. "Oh shit," said Jesse, pulling out of her. They both hurriedly dressed, hoping the person would leave.

They stood quietly for a few minutes before opening the stall door. No one was there. They looked at each other and burst out laughing.

"Hell of a bathroom break," said Jesse. "Oh shit, help desk," exclaimed Cindy, running out of the bathroom.