 You stare, transfixed, as she curled her soft red lips into a moan as the large hard member thrust deep inside her wetness.

"More!" she gasps out, seemingly to stare at you with her intense blue eyes, as she lets out another moan. "Give it to me!"

You stare at her, mesmerized from her skin, her face, her red lips, her dripping wet box, her breasts, her eyes... you feel a sudden movement in your pants, as if it was a caged snake.

"Ohh, it feels so good!" she says, as her body glistened with sweat, arched back in euphoria.

The snake stirred, as if it was trying to weasel itself out of its cage. Your hands unconsciously drift downward towards it . . .

Suddenly.

A sound.

The door.

You freeze suddenly, hearing footsteps from the hallway.

"Oh, yeah, more more!" The lady on the screen screams, her volume seemingly suddenly very loud.

"So I guess you got a little frisky when I was gone, dear, haven't you?" I gave you a small teasing smile as I stood at the door.

"No-- no of course not," you stammer.

I walked closer to you and I placed a finger on your lips. "Shhh, don't speak." And then I leaned over and kissed you deeply. As our tongues wrestle in our mouths, I feel you moaning against me, your breath hot against my mouth. I reach and caress your hair and your face in my hands, touching the smooth skin, feeling the soft hair.

When I finally pull away, I saw the bulge in your pants twitch, as I laugh gently. "Someone is trying to get out." I reach for your pants and unzip it, as you watch in anticipation, preparing yourself for the pleasure to come.

When you were finally freed from the restraints, I take the tip in my mouth and barely lick it, breathing onto it, my hot breath caressing it. You whimper in pleasure, wanting more, always wanting more. I lick around the tip some more, teasing you, watching you. A moan escapes from your lips as you stare at me, as the feeling of warmness escapes from inside.

"Oh yeah!" the screen girl yells, seemingly mirroring what your response will be.

I lick harder and faster, taking it deeper in my mouth and sucking, watching you moan, watching your body twitch and jerk from the pleasure, watching the pleasure in your eyes, as you are transfixed, intoxicated from exhilaration and the intense feeling.

My tongue blurs licking and sucking intensely, as I reach out with my hands to touch your smooth chest, gently massaging it, feeling your muscles contracting underneath my fingertips.

"Harder, harder!" says the screen.

"Oh, I can't take it anymore!" you suddenly burst out, grabbing me by my arm and pulling me over to the bed.

Grabbing my pants, you yanked them down in one thrust, exposing my clearly dripping pussy.

Licking your lips, you spread my legs and wedge your head directly underneath my wetness.

"Ohhhh!" I moan, as I feel your soft tongue massaging my clit.

You lick harder, and with one hand, you grab one of the cheeks of my ass and squeeze it, as a gasp escapes from my mouth. I lean over and brace myself against the bed, for the pleasure was overtaking my body in such a way that I could not control my own muscles.

Your tongue becomes a blur as it probes me all over my nether region, as if it was an explorer and it was trying to map out all my crevices.

When you figured that I had enough, you pull yourself from my drippingness and straighten up, your dick already standing on command, ready for what was coming.

You push the tip against my opening, holding it there, teasing me with it.

"Give it to me!" I demand, whimpering.

"Oh, I'll give it to you, little girl!" as you suddenly thrust inwards, as the entire length of your shaft suddenly slammed into me. The invasion pushed a loud moan from my lips as your weight pushed me down onto the bed.

The slight pain from the abrupt entry mingled up with pleasure as you thrust into me again, harder, deeper. You grab my hips to pull yourself against me, slamming yourself against my ass, faster, harder.

The pleasure becomes a whirl of feelings, each blurring together from the intensity, not one is alone. With each thrust, I feel a gentle warmness building up inside me.

"More, more!" I scream, coaxing you to slam against me harder.

"Oh, I'll give you more, you naughty girl, you're been so bad, haven't you?" SMACK! you spank me as I kept out a yelp. "You bad girl!" you reach over and grabbed a fistful of my hair and pulled it.

"Ohhhh!" I moan louder with your roughness, wanting more, wanting so much more. I felt my wetness starting dripping down my legs, your hardness throbbing deep inside me, your hands, your touch. You kiss my back as you thrust into me, each thrust pushing a little bit more of the intensity deep inside me. The warmness, the pleasure, the intensity - each feeling merged together, bubbling and boiling, deep inside my core.

The screen was still loud, but I could barely hear it now. I was deaf to the world, not hearing anything from your moans, and feeling nothing but your touch. Your kiss. Your warmness. Your throbbing.

"Harder, harder!"

You tried your best to abide to my commands, thrusting harder and faster, grabbing my ass, reaching under my shirt to squeeze my breasts.

The sheer power of the pleasure consumed me, until I couldn't see or feel anything but the feeling of you. The bubbling pot of warmness inside me started boiling like crazy, closing in. Closing in to the eruption I knew was about to explode.

"OHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!" I gasp out, as the explosion shook my body from my had to my toes, my body shriveling up form the intensity, and suddenly growing limp, falling onto the bed.

From that exact instant, I felt a warm gooey stream shoot in my insides, coating the walls with white juices, as you utter a moan matching to mine. Then you collapse on top of my already limp body, your dick pulsating inside me, your sweat mixing with mine.

We lie together, holding each other close our hearts beating together as one. You gently reach over and brush a piece of hair from my face and smile at my dazed but happy look. "I love you." You kiss me gently.

"I love you too," I respond, kissing him back, lost in our own little world.

"MORE!" a voice suddenly yelled.

We burst out laughing. "I guess we should probably turn that off, huh?" you ask me.

"Yeah, probably," I giggle. "But later, let's just enjoy being together." And with that, I reach for you once again and give you an intense, long kiss.