 Jay has been living with me for about 3-months now and up to last night was just the goofy, geek brother of my best friend. I'd agreed to let him stay with me as he was new to the area and seeing as his sister was my best friend it seemed like the right thing to do. Plus, underneath that geek front I knew he was a nice guy and had a really hot body and I kind of secretly fancied him.

Today, as I lay here on my bed, I'm not sure how I feel and if I should tell her but I need to tell someone about the incredible thing that happened last night, so I'll tell you.

Ok, so, last night Jay and I had dinner together and then watched TV for most of the evening. It was all pretty ordinary as we laughed and joked and snuggled on the sofa in our pyjamas. It was so lovely and cosy and as usual I felt totally safe with Jay. 

Still, maybe it was the wine or maybe the fact that I'd not had sex in weeks but I realised how incredibly horny I felt. So, when the show ended I faked a yawn, kissed Jay tenderly on the cheek and decided to go to bed for an early night and to play with my toys. Jay said he was just going to watch TV for a bit longer, so I knew I had a while to be alone.

When I got to my room I turned on the radio to listen to some soft chill out music. I tugged my T-shirt over my head and slipped out of my pyjama shorts, shook my hair out and stood naked in front my the full length mirror looking at my curves in the reflection.

Actually, I like my curves. I like my small pink nipples that somehow make my 34C breasts seem rounder and perkier. I like the way my flat stomach disappears down to a point between my legs like an arrow drawing the eye to my soft, silky shaven pussy and little pink lips.

I stood and looked at myself for a few minutes swaying to the music, running my hands down across my body, over my ass and thighs. Wow, my nipples hardened almost immediately and I found myself loving the sensation of pinching them between my finger and thumb and massaging the firm flash of my breasts.

I watched my hand slide between my legs gently touching my silky smooth pussy. Parting my lips I felt the first aching of my clit and that I was already a little wet.

I watched as I stroked my pussy and massaged my breasts, letting a finger slide into my wet hole and smear my hard clit and pussy lips with my juices.

Hmmm it felt so good to watch my fingers slide in and out of my tight little pink pussy and play with my clit and see my pussy glistening in the soft light. I licked my fingers tasting myself and got turned on by the unmistakable delicate aroma and taste of my pussy. As the feelings of ecstasy swirled through my body and I started to lose myself in the moment I started to moan and groan softly under my breath. Two fingers slipped easily in and out of my wet pussy as my other hand rubbed my clit. I couldn't take much more and felt an orgasm building deep inside of me as I stood there, naked, playing.

Ooohh I so had to cum! I moved over to the bed and lay down, lifted my knees and spread my legs wide as I started to frantically rub my hard clit and plump wet pussy lips. Faster and faster, arching my back, moaning and groaning, biting my bottom lip ... Hmmmm ooohh yes, it felt so good as that lovely warm tingle built to a spasm deep inside my aching pussy. 

My head went all fuzzy as my legs shook and the waves of orgasmic pleasure ran through me. I was breathing hard and shallow and tried to muffle my desperate moans as I came hard all over my fingers.

Oohh fuck, I love to cum like that, when the pressure is so intense and quick and seems to come from nowhere. I leaned back on top of my soft bed, arched my back and softly stroked my wet pussy and breasts as I calmed down. The only problem I have with fingering myself like that is it always leaves me wanting more.

I reached into the draw beside my bed and pulled out two vibrators. I looked at them both, feeling them in the palms of my hand. One is very large and has a brilliant clit tickler. The other is softer, narrower and more realistic and is my favourite one to start things off with.

I sometimes like to suck it and imagine it's a real cock, licking up and down the rubbery shaft, swallowing it deep into my warm mouth and sighing as I made it nice and wet. I spread my legs and slid it up and down my soaking wet pussy lips and then licked it tasting myself coating the rubber. I ran it over and between my breasts and felt the vibrations on my nipples and across my stomach as I slid it over my skin.

One hand cupped and massaged my breasts as the other guided my lovely toy down my body. I pressed the tip against my pussy and let it slide in inch by inch, each time drawing it out slowly and sliding it back in until I was holding just the base and could feel every ridge vibrating deep inside of me.

In and out it slid, filling my tight hot wet pussy and vibrating hard on my g spot.

Hmm my breath was getting faster and shallower again as I lay, eyes tightly closed and dreaming of a lovely thick cock to play with.

Suddenly I was conscious of someone standing in the doorway of my room and I began to open my eyes slowly from my dream.

Oh shit! I was so shocked I sat bolt up right and looked over to see Jay was standing there watching me with a huge grin on his face. I felt so embarrassed and angry and shouted at him to go away especially as I just realised he was standing there naked and holding his very large and very hard looking cock in his hand.

Naked, legs open and facing Jay, I was frozen and just stared at his body in disbelief as he walked towards me. 

I have no idea if he said anything but suddenly his cock was inches from my mouth. Then, he said it looks like you could do with a real cock. I don't know what I was thinking but I reached up and wrapped my fingers around his shaft and slowly jerked it. I remember thinking this was so wrong but couldn't help but be amazed at the sight and I licked the tip of his smooth hard cock. 

mmm, that felt good and I wrapped my tongue around the end and sucked it hard and slow. Long luscious licks and kisses up and down his shaft and over his balls feeling how big and hot he was. Disgustingly horny I slammed the vibrator deep into my pussy as I swallowed his cock deep. He stroked my hair and cheek as his cock filled my mouth. Groped my breasts and pulled at my nipples making me gasp and gag on his cock as it slid to the back of my throat then out to the tip over and over.

He held my hand on my vibrator helping me slide it deep inside. Then pulled it away, climbed on top and fed the end of his cock to my pussy. He whispered something about me having a lovely sexy smooth pussy as I wrapped my legs around his body and he forced his big cock into me.

Forcing it into me deeper and deeper with every thrust he roughly kissed my mouth and groped my ass hard. Turning me over onto my front he slid his wet cock down over my ass and pushed it hard into my pussy from behind. Pushing me into the bed he pulled my hair and spanked my ass cheek a couple of times and I felt that beautiful glow of an orgasm building deep inside of me again.

I moaned and groaned loudly as he fucked me deeper, harder. Gasping and biting my lip as I felt his finger tease and then slide into my ass. I felt like such a dirty slut and was loving it. Loving feeling so full of cock as he filled both holes at once.

Suddenly I felt my pussy starting to spasm and I shouted out his name as I started to cum. He carried on pounding my wet pussy and fingering my ass as my juices began to flow harder all over his cock. I could hear him groan as my pussy milked him, drawing his cock deeper into me and my ass gripped his finger tight.

I was panting hard as I tossed my hair and looked back at him over my shoulder watching his face contort with pleasure. 

Out of breath Jay moaned loudly he was going to cum and in one movement I turned round, lay under him and sucked his wet slippery cock hard and fast into my mouth.

Gripping my head he let out a growl as I bobbed up and down on his shaft. Then I felt his cock twitch between my lips and felt his hot gooey cum rush into my mouth. I tried to swallow it all but it squirted wildly flooding my mouth and spilt out onto my chin. He held his cock to my lips and aimed his cum to squirt all over my mouth and cheek.

As we both came down from our dizzy high I licked the last of his sticky goo from his shaft and my fingers, sat up and kissed his mouth passionately. We both had huge grins on our faces as we shared each other's juices and collapsed on my bed.

I have no idea if that was a one off but I might decide to leave my door open another night and see what happens.