 It's shortly before midnight on April 1st and I'm creeping across the roof of the 7 story apartment building where I live in Manhattan to the dim light of a quarter moon and 2 faint stars. In the background I hear a couple of giggles and a quickly squelched whisper. I'm wearing a black t-shirt and shorts on my 5'3" well developed body. Underneath I have on a matching hot pink, lace 38D bra and panties. No shoes or socks. My wildly curly, dark brown hair is jammed under a black baseball cap and, except for a little mascara, my face is free of makeup and completely unadorned except for the flush of excitement staining my cheeks. I'm carrying a safety harness with an adjustable line and two carbine hooks.

Very quietly, I wrap the line around a stabilizer column on the roof, fasten it securely with the hooks and slip into the harness, making sure that all of the straps and buckles are fastened correctly. I make my way to the edge of the roof, check that my target window is directly below me, and carefully climb over the parapet so that my body is parallel to the building. Since it's a very calm night, there is no wind and I'm able to stabilize myself pretty quickly. I slowly extend the line and clamber my way down the wall until I reach the open window on the 7th floor. Inch by inch, I lever my body through the window until I'm standing on the sill inside of the room. I can hear light snoring and the sounds of traffic in the street below.

I gingerly stretch my leg out until I can feel the floor under my bare foot; as I work the other leg down to the floor, I lose my balance slightly and make a light scrabbling noise. I immediately freeze in place, holding my breath while my heartbeat speeds up to about 150 beats per minute. One of the occupants in the bed rolls over restlessly, then resumes snoring. I unclip my harness and drop it together with the line back out of the window. Then I painstakingly make my way across the room to the door which is open just a crack; I slip through, closing it gently behind me.

The 3rd door on the left is my target. I open it very, very slowly because the old wood sometimes creaks loudly. Then I tiptoe over to the empty bed, take a small jar out of my pocket and, after pulling the covers back, sprinkle the contents over the mattress. After putting the jar back in my shorts, I replace the blankets, making sure that they are smooth and that the bed appears to be undisturbed. As I turn to leave, a hard hand covers my mouth and a strong arm circles my upper body. A deep growl asks "What the hell are you doing in my brother's room?"

There was no way I can tell him that I had just filled his brother's bed with the strongest itching powder that could be purchased on the Internet. I think fast and answer, "I was looking for you. I thought this was your room."

He spins me around so fast that I would have fallen if he hadn't been holding onto my arms. "Why?"

The words spill out of my mouth before I can stop myself. "Because I've had a crush on you since 3rd grade and I finally decided to do something about it."

He starts to laugh. "By creeping around our apartment in the middle of the night? You've got to be kidding."

I slide my arms around his neck, and twine my fingers into the short curls at his nape. "I didn't have the courage to approach you during the day - you are always surrounded by all of your friends and they think of me as just a kid."

His hands slip down from my arms to span my waist and then my hips. "You don't feel like a kid to me. Actually, you feel pretty grown up from where I'm standing."

I lift his hands up to my breasts and hold them there. "Why don't you show me where YOUR room is?"

He lightly squeezes my breasts and rubs his thumbs over my rapidly stiffening nipples. Then he grabs my hand and pulls me out of the room and through the door directly across the hall. 

"We have to be quiet," he says. "My parents room is just down the hall." 

I silently assent by gently pressing my fingertips to his lips. Such soft lips surrounded by scratchy stubble. I let my fingers linger on his face for a moment before sliding them down to explore the muscular contours of his chest and stomach. He inhales sharply and takes my chin in his hand to pull my face up to his. He nibbles gently on my lower lip before slanting his face across mine and sliding his tongue between my teeth to explore the contours of my mouth. He tastes faintly of minty toothpaste and tobacco and smells like ivory soap and man. Each stroke of his tongue sends tremors through to the core of my body.

Without warning, he grasps the hem of my t-shirt and yanks it over my head. Then he unclasps my bra and pulls it off. He drops to his knees and wrenches my panties and shorts down in one quick motion. Taking the cheeks of my ass in his hands, he holds me in place while he slides his tongue through the short curls between my thighs and uses it to circle my clitoris repeatedly. I gasp and try to move backwards, but he just presses me against his face and relentlessly moves his tongue until I am gasping and unashamedly twining my fingers in his hair to pull him closer. As I start to come, he slides his hands up to my breasts and rolls my nipples between his thumbs and forefingers. 

He stands up and rips off his pajama bottoms in one smooth motion. His cock springs free and, as he stands there watching me in the dim light, jerks of it's own accord. A drop of precum appears on the tip and he groans quietly. I reach out and gently rub the fluid into his glans, then encircle as much of the shaft with my fingers as is possible. The skin on his cock is soft, smooth and blazingly hot. I turn around and walk over to his desk, then bend over and hold onto the edge while lifting my ass as far as possible into the air. 

He growls and moves behind me, but instead of entering my waiting body, he rubs and caresses my ass, his fingers slipping lower and lower to stroke my dripping pussy, then retreating, then returning to tease me again until I am so impatient that I start to beg him to fuck me. As the words leave my mouth, he turns me around and arches me backwards across the desk so that I am completely exposed to him. Reaching over my head, he switches on a small desk lamp. While watching me intently, he takes his penis in his hand and slowly pumps it back and forth. As I squirm beneath his gaze and lift my hips in silent supplication, he pushes the head of his cock between the lips of my pussy and gradually feeds it into me. When I try to pull him to me, he stops moving until I am still. My pussy quakes and weeps around him and I desperately want to feel him filling me completely, but he won't let me hurry him. I attempt to use my own fingers to rub my clit, but he captures both of my wrists in one of his hands and holds them above my head while continuing to leisurely push his cock into me, so slowly that I could have screamed in frustration. 

Just as the need starts to turn into pain, and as the first tear slides from beneath my lashes, he sheathes himself completely with one smooth stroke and, with a deep moan, starts to move. Faster and faster he slams into me and I come instantly and explosively; my pussy trembling and quaking over and over again under the onslaught. A few seconds later I feel him pump and jerk within me just before he collapses and catches himself on his forearms so that he won't crush me. I can feel his heart slamming against me and hear him panting in my ear. 

"How did you get into the apartment?"

"F..from the roof," I reply. My pussy is still squeezing him with little aftershocks and I definitely am not ready to answer any questions.

He slides out of me and stands up straight. Silently, he hands me my clothes and watches as I put them on. 

"Well, I hope you got what you came for. This time you can use the door."

Humiliated, I follow him out. As I leave the apartment, he puts his hands on my shoulders and turns me to face him. He grins and says, "Don't worry, I won't tell my brother about what happened between us and... I won't tell him about the itching powder in his bed either." Then he kisses me lightly, steps back into the apartment and softly closes the door.

I climb the stairs to the roof, retrieve my climbing equipment and head back downstairs to the party where I had accepted the dare to play an April Fool's joke on my boyfriend, Tony. As I enter the door of our apartment, Tony greets me with a big, sloppy kiss and asks "Where were you? I was starting to get worried."

I laugh and casually reply "Oh, I just needed a little air so I popped up to the roof."

My best friend Terry sends a questioning glance over to me as I walk into the living room and I answer it with a nod and a wink. Terry's eyes grow wide with disbelief. She should know by now that I can't resist a dare.