 Sam and Britt were mortified, she had seen it all. She had seen every last detail and disappeared as quietly and quickly as she had come. Now that she had, they had no idea what would happen next. One thing was sure though, Meredith had gotten an eyeful.

It was a normal evening for the young couple, dinner and then watching a movie up in Britt's room on her comfy bed. The door was closed to keep the TV from bothering Britt's brother across the hall, her mom and dad were downstairs, her dad busy with a project in his garage and her mom Meredith cleaning up the kitchen. 

As the movie wound down Sam and Britt found themselves increasingly undressed and having sessions of making out interrupted by groping and light touches trailing up each other's bodies. This was their usual foreplay before the more serious sex session between the young lovers occurred, many times for hours on end.

Some unmeasurable time later, Sam was slowly thrusting in and out of Britt's tight, wet, trimmed pussy in the missionary position. Though the two used a variety of techniques, really anything they could think of, they always seemed to settle into missionary or some form of it, it was their sweet spot. 

Low moans of ecstasy escaped Britt's sweet lips as her inner walls trembled at the movement of Sam's manhood. Sam almost paused, he had sensed something unusual, but soon dismissed it as his love pulled his head down to meet hers for a deeply passionate kiss. Sam could feel her body tensing, he knew she would reach her climax this night very soon, and he smugly realized with a bit of pride that he would too, at the same time as Britt. He stayed the course, kissing her more deeply and concentrating on hitting just the right spot inside of her every stroke.

Meredith walked down the hallway past the room of her youngest, and then on towards the spare room that she had converted to a sewing room, just beyond the room of her daughter. As she passed, she noticed the door ever so slightly ajar and though she never pried and trusted her daughter and her daughter's boyfriend whom she was particularly fond of, she paused when she heard a low noise. 

Her curiosity was rampant, she expected to see the TV on and her daughter and Sam snuggled together fallen asleep, she had thoughts of taking a picture of the sweet pair with her phone and sending it to them captioned with a little love poem. How sweet that would be, she beamed at her idea and eased the door open a bit to peek inside.

Meredith was greeted by an earthy, pleasant musk that she knew was the smell of sex. In the light of the small lamp on Britt's dresser she watched in stunned silence the scene before her. Her daughter lay on the bed with her legs spread wide, knees in the air, and her full C cup breasts topped by large dark brown nipples much like Meredith's own moving softly up and down in rhythm with the movements of Sam. He was atop Britt thrusting the thickest cock that Meredith had ever seen into her daughter's visibly swollen and saturated pussy. 

Meredith felt her own womanhood tingle, the boy she was so fond of appeared to have a length that was above average, but his thickness was off the charts! Meredith could see her daughter's pussy bulging and stretching so much around Sam's engorged and veiny shaft, Meredith watched on marveling at how her small framed daughter could handle such stretching without splitting.

Soon the pace changed, Meredith watched as her daughter's toned body tensed and the gyrations of her hips below those of her boyfriend changed. They passionately kissed, and Sam began pulling nearly all the way out and thrusting fully into Britt as her frenzy grew. With a great heave Sam thrust once more as Britt exploded into orgasm, the pulsations of her pussy making Sam hit his limit, he began slowly thrusting once more. 

Meredith watched, in utter excitement now, as the huge and totally unprotected cock of her young daughter's lover spasmed and injected cum deep inside of her daughter, who she knew wasn't on any kind of birth control. So intense was the orgasm that Meredith had seen Sam's large balls tighten as he came, and she had actually seen the pulse of his extraordinarily thick cock cumming in her daughter's small, stretched pussy. 

As Sam pulled his massive length from Britt's body, Meredith saw her own sweet daughter's pussy gaping widely, irreparably stretched and obviously many times before by this huge cocked boy now cuddling with her. Meredith watched in sheer wanton lust as Sam's larger than normal load began oozing from between the gaped lips of Britt's pussy. 

Meredith sighed in lust, and quickly realized her situation, closed the door as fast and stealthily as possible. It was too late though, Britt and Sam both looked and saw immediately the form of the only other woman in the house outlined in the closing doorway. They looked at one another in horror. 

Meredith, dizzy with lust and swimming in soaked panties, walked down the hallway towards her sewing room where she could lock the door and take care of her own sopping wet swollen womanhood. One thing was sure, she NEEDED the kind of fucking her daughter had just received, she needed to be filled by the thick cock of her sweet Britt's thickly hung boyfriend.

The small framed Meredith got barely down the hall and veered off to the bathroom, this was the one Britt used as hers. Her brother used the downstairs bathroom and her parents had their own in the master bedroom. Meredith closed the door and leaned against the vanity, looking in the mirror. What she saw was not unlike Britt. Where Britt was 5'4" and a brunette with straight beautiful hair to the middle of her back, a slim figure, and firm C cups, Meredith was 5'3" had shoulder length blonde hair that was graying, but every bit as full and perfect as her daughter's. 

Her figure was slim but where she differed from her daughter was in her DD breasts that were large for her frame and quite perky for a woman nearing 50. She felt her erect sensitive nipples rubbing against her bra, she remembered how much her own daughters nipples had been aroused and smiled inwardly at how much her attractive young daughter looked like her. No mistake about it, Meredith was a MILF and Britt stood a great chance at looking nearly identical in another 30 years.

Meredith slipped a hand down her pants, but soon her fingers proved not enough for her hungry slit. She rummaged through the drawers and fond her daughter's facial exfoliator, long handled with an ergonomic thick bulge in it's curved length, as if it was designed to serve a naughtier purpose. She plunged it into her wet pussy, which she knew was tighter than the gaping hole she had seen of her own daughter. Both her kids had been born via C section and her small, tight pussy was truly a thing of beauty and trimmed almost exactly like her daughter's. 

Meredith was fully naked now, exfoliating herself and gripping her large, hard nipples one after the other with her free hand. She felt her orgasm building, oh how she needed it! She couldn't remember the last time she felt the pleasure of an orgasm, and it had been years since she masturbated! She was so extraordinarily turned on by seeing her daughter be fucked like that, she felt a tiny pang of guilt but dismissed it as the first wave of her orgasm crashed over her and she came hard, creamy juices flowing all over Britt's exfoliator and her hand. 

She cleaned and composed herself in the mirror, she couldn't believe she'd been so turned on by seeing her daughter and her boyfriend do something she'd always warned her daughter about. They were so unprotected! Yet so primal and raw and passionate, so erotically hot for one another! Meredith wanted that, and she wanted it from the same source as her daughter.

As the next week unfolded Sam and Britt spent time together, this time cautious of who was around. Britt was much more affected by the incident, it killed her arousal and every time she began to get in the mood she saw the image burned into her mind of her mom in the doorway. Sam, however, was as horny as ever and his already large balls were swollen from nearly a week without releasing his seed. He so wished Britt would at least suck him off or give him even a handjob, but her memory of the incident was still too fresh and he wanted her to have time to be comfortable. 

He hadn't masturbated since he began seeing Britt, he told himself he wouldn't begin again either, he'd been nearly addicted to it before beginning his relationship with her. She felt so much better than his own hand that he'd been able to quit, and did not want to go down that path again. 

He sat waiting on Britt in the living room and absent-mindedly ran his hand over his bulge, how he was so sensitive with his now swollen balls hanging with his now seemingly always semi erect cock. His jeans bulged obscenely and he tugged at them to adjust them. Meredith walked through the room and saw Sam's issue, though she made small talk and Sam chatted back. 

The two shared a good relationship and got along quite well, Sam had always thought that Meredith was a beautiful woman, he hoped secretly that Britt turned out looking exactly like her mother. He'd be a lucky man, he thought. He noticed as they chatted that Meredith was wearing a thin comfortable looking sweater, this was nothing new since she worked from home at her computer and wore sweats most of the day. What was new was Sam noticed her large boobs seemed to hang a tiny bit lower, and she had large, thick protrusions through the sweater straight ahead and slightly pointing to each side. 

She was wearing no bra, and her achingly hard nipples were high beaming Sam, making the bulge in his jeans grow quite noticeably. Meredith smiled coyly and before excusing herself to go back to work she leaned down to Sam, nearly smothering him and grazing her engorged nipples across his shoulder, and ran her hand directly across his bulging erection! 

Sam nearly fainted as Meredith purred into his ear "If Britt doesn't take care of this for you, I can help." She gave a firm, oh so pleasing squeeze and walked silently out of the room as Sam struggled to grasp what had happened.

Later that evening Britt and Sam had shared a great time in town and had seen a few friends out at dinner, then walked the mall and checked out the sights of the town. Back at Britt's house now, they settled into their normal foreplay routine and Sam got extra excited. Tonight he'd slowly take care of his love and show her how much he cared, how much he missed her body the past week. As their excitement built, a noise came from across the hall and Britt froze, her mood instantly changing. 

They realized her clumsy brother had simply dropped something but the moment was gone. Britt was second guessing and still not ready, still affected by knowing her mother had seen everything. Sam sighed and put his pants back on, he noticed precum leaking through his underwear as he adjusted his oversize equipment inside his jeans. A while later Sam left for his own home, Britt was tired from her long day and Sam had held her until she fell asleep then slipped out of bed and downstairs. 

He realized it was nearly midnight, and everyone else was in bed asleep. As he left through the kitchen to exit through the laundry room, he heard a noise and turned to see Meredith behind him standing by the sink. She wore an oversize T shirt, Sam knew that was probably all from the look she gave him. 

Again, Sam's bulge betrayed him and again Meredith squeezed it. "It feels like Britt didn't take care of you tonight Sam. Why don't you let me help you out, our secret?" 

Sam didn't know if it was how much she looked like her daughter or if it was how much he thought her a MILF, or maybe how horny he'd been after a week of no sex with Britt, but he felt himself nodding and leaning into Meredith's kiss, taking her hand as she led him back upstairs. The sewing room was still functional as a spare bedroom, and Meredith took Sam to it and closed the door quietly. 

She removed her t-shirt and Sam saw for the first time the fully nude figure of his girlfriend's mother. She really was a lot like her daughter, her breasts were just larger and with a slight sag, and her belly not quite as flat as that of her daughter. Sam soon had all of his clothes off too, his leaky thick cock bulging and bobbing in front of him. 

"Looks like you're ready to go big boy." Meredith giggled. Sam answered with his own chuckle that she appeared to be ready too, her wetness clung to the trimmed hair around her swollen pussy lips like drops of dew. 

She wasted no time telling Sam exactly what she wanted. "I want you to fuck me the way you fuck Britt, I need to feel that thick cock of yours fill me with your cum!" 

Sam looked at her, and the concern must have betrayed him because Meredith chuckled. "Don't worry, you won't get me pregnant. I can't have kids anymore. You can cum all you want in me, even when Britt won't let you in her." Sam was dumbfounded, he knew Britt kept a close eye on her cycle and the several days before and a couple after her ovulation they both agreed, no cum inside. Meredith's motherly intuition must've gathered this, and the look she gave him confirmed it. 

She wiggled backwards on the bed and spread her legs wide, an open invitation that Sam needed only once. He mounted his new lover and slid slowly into her entrance, his bulging cock head parting her swollen lips and making way for his thick, veiny shaft. Sam slowly slid deeper as Meredith moaned, she was as tight as he remembered Britt being when they'd first began their relationship. 

Sam kept up his slow assault and felt his cock bump lightly into her cervix causing Meredith to moan, she was just like her daughter and loved the feeling. Sam realized happily that he felt his balls pressed against Meredith's firm ass. He pulled outward and then began to slowly thrust, working to find rhythm with his lover that they soon discovered, deeply fucking while Meredith moaned softly. 

Sam knew he wouldn't last as long in this tight pussy as he did in his own girlfriend's stretched cunt, so he ran a hand down to Meredith's clit and began to finger it as he fucked her. Her clit was simply amazing, it was erect and protruding quite nicely, much more so than Sam had ever seen on her daughter. Sam worked gently around and lightly over it, deeply thrusting his meaty member into Meredith's gooey depths. She was positively creamy, much more so than Britt had ever been, Sam thought in amazement. 

Soon she began bucking and rolling her hips faster and more wildly as her orgasm neared, and Sam felt the grasp of her extra tight pussy make him near his release, his hugely thick cock pulsed in pre orgasm readiness. Feeling every movement of his thick veiny shaft inside her, Meredith felt the pulse of Sam's cock and began to cum, orgasming hard and long. Sam pressed his mouth wide over hers as she began to moan and speak syllables jumbled in nonsensical order, he was afraid they'd be heard but the feeling of this mature woman impaled on his fat teenage meat and moaning into his mouth completely set him over the edge. 

He grunted and moaned back into Meredith's mouth, into the sexy mouth of his girlfriend's mother! He held her tightly and moaned into her as he unloaded a week of tension, a week of sexual desire and built up need, deeply inside of Meredith. So great was the amount of cum he ejaculated into Meredith that it was already splooging out of her around his girthy shaft while he still inseminated her with more thick ropes of his virile young seed. 

They collapsed together, he ran his fingers through the gorgeous graying hair on his mature lovers head as they kissed slowly, the sex still oozing from Meredith's tight, used pussy. She relished the feel of the stretching her muscles had just received, and the feel of such fullness still which she knew was her womb full of cum. She knew she'd get to hold onto the feeling she loved so much for a while as the cum that didn't absorb into her leaked past her cervix for the next several hours. 

Her next move surprised Sam, as she slid down and looked at him lovingly. "Can't let you go home like this, now can we?" She gently lifted his half erect and sensitive member from his stomach, still covered in cum and still leaking a bit from what Meredith noted to be a beautiful wide and large cum hole at the end of wide, perfectly flared bulbous head. Sam began instantly to harden as she began to perform the best oral sex on him he had ever received in his young life. 

Britt would occasionally go down on him, but she honestly wasn't much of a cocksucker. She preferred to please Sam with her pussy, and she loved the way he stretched her. She would beam with pride and love when she would gape after he pulled his pop can thick cock out of her. Sam loved it too, and truly loved his sweet girlfriend, he couldn't believe the way he'd simply given in so easily to her horny mother who was now stretched to her mouth's limit with just the head inside her, and she stroked his shaft as she slobbered and drooled down it onto his now slightly less bulging balls. 

She switched back and forth from this to running her tongue up his length, ending in a kiss on the sensitive underside of his massive meatus, gently massaging his large balls while doing so. Finally she latched over him one last time when she felt his orgasm build again, sucking him lovingly as he spasmed and came almost as much as the first time. Meredith wasted not a drop, she swallowed and licked clean every single bit of the thick gooey cream from Sam's cock, his cum was salty, yet so sweet and wonderful! 

"You'd better get home now, Sam." Meredith said as she and Sam put their clothes on. She kissed him again. "Thank you Sam, for the best sex I've had in years. Please don't worry, I'll never say a word to Britt and nobody will know but us. You're such a good young man and you're so good for Britt, I want you two to grow together and I want you to keep on taking care of her... needs." 

She grinned and winked at Sam and he smiled as her meaning hit him. "I just ask that you two don't get pregnant, not yet until you're both stable, together in a place of your own. If you have to wait for her cycle to get right, I'm always here. After tonight I'd be happy to help you keep those big balls of yours drained as much as you need." 

Sam only nodded dumbly. How could he be so lucky? His girlfriend's mom had caught him fucking her daughter, in her house! And what's more had watched him cum inside of her, then she had seduced him and gotten him to have amazing sex with her! Now she was telling him this! His head spun as he walked to his car in the driveway, how his life had changed in such a short time.

As Sam got home his phone lit up with a text, he read it and it was from Meredith. "Check your glovebox. A gift from earlier today when I was working." Sam opened his glove compartment to find a pair of panties with the obvious signs of Meredith's arousal dried in a line where her slit had been pressed against them. Sam grinned as he headed into the house, life was good.