 My girlfriend Leah seemed very excited on the phone when she called me and told me that she had just bought a snowboard off of one of her friends for $300. I have been snowboarding for a few years and she wanted to go with me so now she had the equipment to go. She asked me to come over and take a look at the gear and tell her if it was of good enough.

I drove over thinking that I hadn't fooled around with Leah in a few days and I was starting to get some naughty ideas in my head. By the time I got to her place I had my plans figured out and hoped that her sister wouldn't be home so I could act them out.

I knocked on the door and she greeted me with a kiss. She was wearing her lounge wear a pair of sweats and a tee shirt.

"Is your sister home?" I asked.

"No, she's at her boyfriends."

Realizing that we were all alone I wasted no time in acting upon the ideas I had driving over. I excitedly asked to see her snowboarding stuff that she had just bought. She ran into her room and came out carrying a snowboard with bindings and a pair of boots. I asked her to sit on the couch so I could help her try them on. 

I took very careful time making sure that the boots weren't pressing to hard on her feet then laced them up and tied them for her, one then the other. My actions made me feel like a shoe salesman at the local mall and didn't set off any alarms for her, but I knew where I was going with this.

After I got her boots on I had Leah walk around a little to see how they felt against her feet. After a few laps around the room I told her to come back and try out the bindings. I moved the snowboard into the middle of the living room and made sure that nothing was in the way.

By this point my cock was getting hard just thinking about what I was about to do to her. I had her step into the first binding and started ratcheting them down over her boots then the second. After I had strapped down the last binding I stood up and gave her a good look. I couldn't help but give her a gentile push to have her test her balance.

"Feels good," she said.

Now my plan was going to get interesting. I gave her a kiss, short and simple. Then I knelt down looking like I was going to free her feet out of her bindings but I had other ideas. On my way to my knees I grabbed either side of her sweats and tore them down to her boots she jumped a little in surprise and before she could say anything I buried my face into her recently shaved mound. 

Never before had Leah's pussy tasted so good as this day and it only fueled my desire. I started licking up and down her clit and then around the folds of her labia. She was not very wet at this point as she was caught completely off guard by what I had just done.

Leah felt a very palpable flush of passion run through her body though as she realized that she was standing in the middle of her living room with her feet strapped tightly to a snowboard. She was quite immobilized by these constraints and this place seemed all to public for her to be standing naked from the waist down.

Once I got the taste of her pussy I wanted nothing more than to continue. I kept licking and she started to leak hotly from the stimulation that I was creating and the erotic panic she was feeling for being so exposed. The juices continued and I kept licking. Leah started making quiet squirming noises as the pleasure was increasing. 

I realized that the position I was in was one that I would not be able to hold for long so I started un-strapping her boots. All the while continuing to lick and grind my tongue back and fourth across her enlarging clit.

The unfamiliar boots had me fumbling around a little but soon enough I had one of her feet out of the binding then the other. At this point I pulled her pants back up and stood up myself.

I kissed her long and deep this time and let Leah taste her own juices off my tongue. I stopped and looked deeply into her eyes and she still had a look of bewilderment, but with a hint of passion. She had no idea what was coming next. All she knew was that she was getting turned on faster than she could remember having been turned on ever before.

I dropped my hands to her butt and lifted her off the ground and she instinctively wrapped her legs around me. The boots were still on and I thought to myself at this point that my plan may have been flawed. How was this going to work with the boots still on?

I carried Leah toward her bedroom and she began kissing me wildly with the passion that only happens when she is really turned on. She also started grinding her pussy into my cock through the clothes. This put me slightly off balance and I did my best to stagger into the bedroom. 

Once I got there I flopped Leah onto the bed. I jumped on top of her but then slowed down my onslaught. I started to kiss her gently and moved my hands to her breasts. Through her shirt I began rubbing her nipples and felt them engorge and stand up inside her shirt.

Leah started to feel slightly embarrassed by the awkward feeling of lying in her bed with snowboarding boots confining her feet. I reached down and moved her shirt up to just below her breasts. She wasn't wearing a bra so I slid the shirt up higher and she leaned forward to allow me to remove it.

I began kissing over her heaving stomach. I moved my way slowly up to her breasts and with the tip of my tongue traced circles around her nipples. Once I reached the apex, it became apparent that her embarrassment and feelings of awkwardness had been fueling her passion.

Leah started breathing more heavily and I could tell that she was very turned on. After paying the same attention to her other nipple I moved again down to her stomach kissing every inch of skin as I went. 

Once I got to her stomach, with the tip of my tongue I licked the inside of her belly button. Leah felt a shiver run through her body and I could see goose bumps forming all over her body. I pulled down her sweats again and buried my face once more in her now dripping wet pussy. Seeing how wet she already was made my cock twitch with excitement.

She responded to this stimulation immediately and put her hand behind my head and pulled it gently into her hole. I licked and ground my tongue back and fourth on her increasingly slippery clit. She started to moan quietly and I started moving my tongue faster. 

Leah's excitement was building and I decided to increase its pace. I moved my finger around the folds of her labia realized that her juices had run down from her pussy and had formed a small puddle on the sheets below. The amount of wetness was surprising to me and I realized that my pants were starting to get wet with my pre-cum as well, but I had one thought in mind. I wanted to make her cum. 

I pressed my finger lightly into her hole. It slid into her as if no friction existed at all. The new increased stimulation made her buck and her hips started to sway with the motions of my finger sliding in and out of her all the while I continued to lick her clit.

Leah's moans became more audible and I could tell she was getting closer. I started pumping my finger faster. 

"Yeah baby... feels good." She panted. "Just like that... I'm getting close..."

To throw her over the edge I slipped a second finger in and moved my fingers in long fast thrusts into her slippery wet pussy. 

"I'm... I'm cumming..." Leah moaned "ohhhhhhhh"

As she came she twisted her hips against my fingers and tongue. After she regained her bearings she looked up at me and smiled. She laughed and looked down to her feet with the realization that the boots were still on.

"You should take those off for what I have planned next" I said.

As she fumbled with the boots I started to remove my shirt and then my pants then moving my boxers down to my feet. I was surprised to look up and see her out of one boot and working on the other by the time I had removed my clothes she had a sense of urgency. 

My cock was covered with the pre-cum that had been seeping out while hearing her moans and sensing her pleasure. I wanted to feel my cock inside her, but I wasn't done tasting her juices. 

I knew that it hadn't been much time since she had her orgasm so she would probably cum very quickly if I started stimulating her again. She's always been able to get multiple orgasms in a row when she gets turned on.

I waited patiently until the second boot dropped to the floor and then rejoined her on the bed. I helped her out of her sweats and buried my face in her mound again. The taste and smell of her cum forced another drop of pre-cum drip out of my cock.

Leah started breathing hard immediately as the passion took over. I licked her steaming hot clit with the tip of my tongue and she began clinching her hands tightly on her thighs and moaning. 

She was so turned on that she didn't have the breath to say anything. She never really got to moaning very loudly until the orgasm snuck up on her and not 30 seconds after I started licking her clit she convulsed with a second orgasm. 

This one seemed more powerful and the moan she let out seemed to come from deep within her it was more quiet but drawn out. Leah let out a long breath and nearing the end the moan crept out and she buckled and twisted against my face.

I stopped and lay beside her and looked to her eyes. She gave me a little smirk and a look of exhaustion, but as was usually the case she came back too in a little bit and decided that it was her turn to be the giver. I had been on the offense the whole time as of yet so I let her take over.

"Your turn" Leah said.

She flipped over on top of me and began kissing me passionately. I could already feel my cock twitching to prominence again. I didn't know what she was planning on doing but I knew that I wanted it. 

She kissed her way over to my ear and started tracing around it with her tongue then gently poking it into my ear which gave me a shiver through my body. She continued kissing down my body until she got to my cock.

Leah has always been the best at giving head and I knew I was in for a treat. She started by kissing my inner thigh one then the other. Then with her tongue she licked from my balls up to the top of my shaft and then again.

Once she reached the top this time she grasped my shaft with her hand and took it in her mouth. She started by massaging the sensitive underbelly of my head with her tongue and moving her head slowly up and down. 

Then she concentrated more on the up and down movement and wrapped her tongue around my shaft as she moved. My cock slid in and out of her mouth and from time to time she would pull all the way out and then slide it in all at once in a movement that made my balls squeeze every time. 

The suction that she was creating in her mouth added further to the pleasure I was feeling and it felt so strong that my cock felt like it was stuck in her mouth. I began to feel the movement of fluids through all the tiny channels from my balls into the other vesicles.

She could tell that I was close and decide to tease me. She stopped and let me calm down for a moment while she kissed me once more. She knows that getting me close then letting me cool down always makes my orgasm better when I do cum.

She must have decided somewhere during the time she was kissing me that she was getting pretty wet again and she decided that it was time to change things up a bit. She didn't want to get right to it though since she knew that I wouldn't last long.

Leah took matters into her own hands again and moved my hand onto her bald pussy.

I didn't need an explanation. I've always liked getting her off more than getting off myself anyway. I began moving my fingers back and fourth across her clit which drove her wild. she was dripping wet and I needed no lubricant to keep my movements smooth.

In what seemed like no time she was breathing hard again. I decided it was time to take charge again and I moved over to get on top of her and continue my fingering. 

As I moved I could feel the seminal fluids moving around as my internal plumbing was extremely waterlogged. She seemed to be getting more and more turned on and I wasn't sure how much more she could take. Just then she grabbed my butt with both hands and pulled me toward her. 

I needed no words but Leah grumbled "I need you inside me"

I moved my cock down to her slippery pussy and slid it in. She arched her head back with this feeling of fullness and I continued slowly at first thrusting my cock into her. She seemed like she was right on the verge of having another orgasm as she was moaning and breathing heavily.

I was starting to feel my excitement grow as well and I slowed my pace just slightly so we could climax together. Her breathing and level of excitement did not change but I suddenly found my self very aroused by her appreciation of the energy I was putting into her.

I sped my pace and my waterlogged balls were slapping against her butt as I was thrusting my cock fully in and out of her hungry pussy. She began to moan more erratically and I felt my orgasm coming on. 

Leah cried out and bucked against my cock "I'm cumming."

Her bucking seemed to suck my cock deeper into her than it already had been and I felt the fluids in my waterlogged system start to flow. My balls squeezed and the pangs of my orgasm seemed to last forever.

I shot jet after jet deep inside her and when it became too much I collapsed on top of her and lay their for a moment before removing my cock. When I pulled out I looked down to see the large amount of cum I had shot into her pussy was dripping out of her hole. 

I pointed it out to her and she giggled which sent more cum spurting out of her pussy. We both had a laugh and I grabbed a towel to clean up a bit then I lied down beside her and rest my head on her chest. It seemed like only a few minutes but when I woke up it was dark and she was still sleeping.

I smiled and went back to sleep.