 Last Summer I couch-surfed to Holland. Couch surfing can be a cheap way to get around but I am at the mercy of my host. This time she threw a big party with lots of guests. That's where I met Tim. He was different from all thirty-something men I knew. He had piercings and earrings and green hair and he came on to me without fear. We started making out but we were interrupted by festivities and never saw him again that night.

Two days later we bumped into each other again on the street. He owned a big bike shop near the house I was staying. I was flabbergasted that a man with his looks and behavior could be a businessman. He felt stupid for leaving me at the party but we were both wasted back then.

Tim thought that I was a student in Holland and when I told him that I was leaving in two days he asked me if I wanted to finish what we started at the party.

People that I hook up with when drunk I don't want to see again but with him it was different.

Before heading to his place we stopped by a sex shop to buy condoms and lube. When we reached the place that was also a video club Tim whispered in my ear, "I want you to find a good movie."

"I'm not hot enough to turn you on?" I whispered back giving him an angry look.

He rubbed his crotch on my ass. His cock felt hard under the cloth.

I was ready to start making out in the store while waiting in line.

"Go!..." he commanded and tapped me in the butt.

I was scared that there would be men in the movies section but I enjoyed the dare and followed the stairs with the half-naked ladies in the walls down to the basement.

A man with a visible erection in his pants gave me a wide eye, admirable but also embarrassed look as he went up. I followed suit. He was the last customer occupying the floor with the stands that we're overflowing with sleazy porn covers.

There was a lot of themes to choose from and I got so immersed in my search that I felt my blood run cold when someone lifted my skirt up and I felt a finger touching my butt.

I slapped it hard and a heard a moan of pain. I turned back and saw Tim bent in half holding his package. As he turned to look at me his skinny pale face contorted by pain still had a devious smile.

"I had this coming," he said trying to get a breath.

"Did I got you good? Let me see..." I said trying not to burst out laughing.

Tim painfully straightened his body until his penis and his balls that hang out of his skin-tight black jeans were visible.

I looked around for any onlookers which there were none and moved closer to him taking his semi-hard cock in my palm.

His hairy nuts were either swollen from my slap or full of cum. They sure felt heavy as I bounced them on my hand. Tim moaned as I gently rubbed them while stroking his ever hardening shaft. The precum on the tip of his purple cockhead made me drool and lick my lips.

"Better now?" I said.

"Yes," he said as his cigar filled breath filled my nostrils while his hand felt my wet pussy. I moaned as he fingered my soaking cunt and I jerked his cock squeezing hard.

He spun me around before he split my ass cheeks; Spitting on my asshole and rubbed my delicate tiny exit with his fingers and stretched it open.

I looked at him as my heart was pounding and my face was melting from the heat of the excitement.

Tim fingered my pussy and squeezed on my firm breasts. Then he kneeled behind and buried his face in my pussy. His tingling tongue entered my cunt and explored it wildly. Looking back with disbelief of what was going on I kicked my panties off. All this commotion had them reaching my ankles.

After a lot of breathless moans from me, he got up and placed a black condom on his thick cock while his balls dangled heavy.

With my wet pussy ready to explode I wanted him inside me. I looked around and moved behind a stand that hid us from the basement entrance. Furthest away from the staircase I went on all fours keeping my skirt on so I could cover up if someone came in.

My voluptuous ass rested on my hills and waited impatiently for my pulsating pussy to be filled with pleasure.

Not a minute too soon, Tim's cock spread my tight hole making me gasp. Every stroke of his cock made me struggle not to scream. Eyes closed, mouth open breathing fast and my sensations rose. His hands on my hips pulling himself on me again and again. My worries about the public of the place had faded away and all I cared for was the wave of heat and pleasure that felt my body and my mind.

I didn't have to touch myself he did all the work and it was so good.

"So good." That was my last thought and maybe eight dick plunges later I shook from an exploding orgasm. It was mind-bogglingly good and only the thought of the dirty floor prevented me to roll around in the ground

"You horny bitch," Tim said then the burning cock that pressed my butt ejaculated his hot cum on me.

He moaned with a tight voice full of sexual relief as his hot sperm stuck on my ass before his hot wet palm smeared it on all of my booty.

As we came about from our public adventure we heard voices in the shop above.

I dropped my skirt on my cummed butt and after looking at each other making sure we looked half decent we went up.

Tim sat in the queue to pay for the lube while I waited inside by the front door.

A cute short employee with crow-black hair and full of earrings and piercings nodded at me.

Afraid that I was blocking the store entrance I went outside which made her laugh and pointed up with her finger.

I expected to see a warning sign about something. I was wrong. There were eight small black and white monitors facing the customers. They show every part of the store so that everyone knew they were being watched.

My eyes opened wide and lost my breath for a minute or two. Had I been seeing fuck in public? And by how many? When we went upstairs after the fuck I thought people were looking at me with smutty smiles like they knew, that they could smell the cum on me. Maybe it wasn't paranoia after all.

The next day I went back to the store. The minute I walked in the employee behind the counter recognized me and smiled.

I apologized for being a nuisance and asked her with trembling voice if the whole store had seen me fuck or just her?

My worries seem to amuse her but she was very sweet and polite and said that she doubted anyone else saw us. She had to watch the videos because it's part of the job.

"It is recorded though..." she said with a teasing smile and I was speechless.

"I can't delete it but it's going to be overwritten in a few days... I can make you a copy if you want?" she said and I felt she enjoyed the situation.

"I would like that..." I said knowing that she could post the video online. In that case, I should know what I was facing.

Two months passed until I got the video in pieces. The emails stayed in my junk folder for a few days before I found them and assemble the video.

I pressed play with a mixture of dread and curiosity. You can see everything but you cannot tell it's me or Tim. The quality is not good.

But it's enough for me to masturbate on. I have orgasmed many times watching it.