 Two days of flirty, and then downright dirty texts, and we had moved from 'lets just meet for a coffee' to this! There I was, lying on the bed with a towel under my ass, Kings of Leon on the ipod, wearing a black silk negligee and fingering my pussy whilst waiting for a guy I have never even spoken to – let alone met – to let himself in to my house and 'catch me' playing with myself.

On the drive back to the house earlier my stomach was churning with anticipation, and I couldn't help but wonder what the hell I was doing. Such a risk really! But soooo exciting. I had seen a face picture, and the texts we had exchanged had been articulate and....imaginative. Ben wanted to come into the bedroom and find me playing with myself, not to say a word and to kiss me hard on the mouth, then watch me for a while before going down on me. 

The idea of it was such a thrill – being 'caught' masturbating – that as I lay on the bed waiting for him I found myself getting more and more aroused. I spread my thighs wide and closed my eyes, my fingers stroking my clit gently at first, and then more firmly until I could feel an orgasm building. I slid one of the straps of my negligee down to expose a breast, playing with my nipple with one hand as my fingers worked their magic with the other. I knew that any moment now he would be coming through the door, and the idea was such a turn on that I found myself cuming before I knew it, my hot juices running down the crease of my ass.

When I heard the door handle turn my heart was in my mouth and I could hardly look at him as he came in to the room. I caught a glimpse of dark brown eyes and thick dark hair, and then he kissed me hard on the mouth, his hand moving to cup my breast and squeeze a nipple, making my moan with pleasure, before sliding down to rub his fingers through mine as they stroked the lips of my sex. 

I don't know what I expected, but it certainly wasn't what I experienced over the next 45 minutes or so. Ben didn't even take of his top, let alone his jeans. He just moved to lie between my legs then proceeded to give me the best damn oral I have ever had in my life. I don't know which bit I enjoyed most....when he sucked my clit into his mouth hard, over and over again. Or when he licked then blew on it, or lashed it with his tongue, my fingers entwined in his hair as I thrust my pussy hard into his face. Or maybe it was when he fingered my pussy at the same time as he worked my clit with his tongue, fucking me hard with one, then two and then I think three fingers, gripping my thigh with the other hand as he did so. Or maybe when he teased my asshole with his finger, then slid it inside making me groan with pleasure .....or it could have been when he had fingers in both my pussy and ass at the same time, working them together until I was cuming all over them. 

And I came – oh so much. Over and over again, until my ass, the towel, the bed was soaked, and I had filled his mouth over and over again. I could hear him drinking my juices, and when I looked down I could see him looking back up at me as he sucked and licked my pussy. Sometimes he would soak his tongue in my juices then kiss me - so sexy. Then he would soak his fingers and give then to me to suck and lick, kissing me through them. 

Once he sat back slightly, and watched while I rubbed my clit, then leaned forward and bit my thighs, small, dry bites that felt ridiculously good as I came again, the warm heavy scent of my sex filling the room and my ass soaking wet. 

I lost it somewhere in the middle, my hands roaming over my breasts then reaching down to lock with his, writhing on the bed, lifting my ass up to meet his mouth, my legs tensing around his head as the orgasms surged through me, over and over again. I don't think I have ever cum more.