 Sitting on a stained and well-worn maroon chair on the third floor of the library, Jeremy was working diligently on his laptop to finish up the remaining slides of a presentation for one of his classes. The afternoon sunlight bathed the room in rich natural light through windows that surrounded the sitting area he was working in. This was his favorite place to work. The third floor of the library was primarily made up of shelves of forgotten old periodicals and reference books. People generally didn't come up here and he enjoyed the isolation. Surrounded by books and few distractions, Jeremy was able to stay focused and accomplish far more than if he attempted to work from his apartment off campus. 

It wasn't that he couldn't do work at home, but with two roommates who often tended to prefer various forms of substance abuse and debauchery over studying, working from home proved difficult at times. Just this morning for instance, he woke up early to head to his class and noticed his roommate Mark and his girlfriend Drew passed out on the futon in the living room of their apartment. While this was not in and of itself all that abnormal, it would be worth mentioning that their clothes, including underwear, were littered about the floor and that as he walked to their door, he got a full view of Drew's nude body when Mark rolled over, pulling the blanket clean off of her. 

Drew opened her eyes for a second when he opened the door, but merely squinted at him still seemingly intoxicated from the night before. She unsuccessfully tried to cover herself with the blanket, succeeding only with the upper half of her body. As he left, the last thing he remembered seeing was Drew, rolling over onto her back and giving him an unobstructed view of her blonde tufted pussy. Leaving, he remembered thinking that it must have been a while since Drew last shaved. 

Since he began living with Mark and Dave back in September, at one point or another Jeremy had seen both of their girlfriends naked. While he was apt to see some part of Drew's body on an almost weekly basis, Dave's girlfriend Kyra proved to be more elusive. Kyra liked to party and have fun, but wasn't as brazen as Mark's girlfriend Drew. If he hadn't come back to college from winter break a day earlier then he was supposed to, Jeremy probably would have missed his chance at seeing Kyra in the buff.

Jeremy had just carried in his laundry basket and a few bags from home. When he opened the door to the apartment, the lights were on, signaling the fact that he wasn't the only one who had come back early. As he walked back through the living room to his bedroom, he thought he could hear running water and assumed that one of his roommates was in the bathroom showering. He began putting his clothes away in his marred dresser he bought at a local thrift store. When he was finished, he went into the kitchen to get a drink. As he was pouring himself a tall glass of orange juice, the door to the bathroom opened. He looked up instinctively, and out strutted Kyra completely oblivious and completely naked. 

Jeremy could still remember her tanned skin, her small perky breasts with darker brown nipples and her smooth shaved pussy. Trying her best to cover herself, he had never seen someone so embarrassed. She blurted out something about thinking he was Dave and quickly turned around running back into the bathroom and giving him just enough time to burn the image of her tiny, tight, bottom into his brain. Having seen Drew and Kyra naked, Jeremy took pleasure in the thought that his roommates had never come close to getting a sneak peek at his girlfriend Beth without her clothes. 

Jeremy caught his mind wandering and returned to the task at hand. He really needed to get more of this done if he was planning on having any fun this weekend. He had just started working productively when his girlfriend Beth made an entrance.

"Jeremy; I hope your getting your work done," Beth said in a tone clearly meant to taunt him as she appeared from behind the tall shelf of books and periodicals to his right. It was a warm spring day and she was taking advantage of the warm weather by wearing a black camisole and a lovely sage green patterned sun skirt. Her hair was down and as she walked purposely towards him, the sun hit her golden brown hair illuminating her in a way that took his breath away. God, she is beautiful he thought.

Finding his voice Jeremy replied, "Well, I was getting some work done, but it's hard to do with all these interruptions." He gestured towards her and the rest of the unoccupied third floor shaking his head and trying his best to pretend he was disgusted.

"Well, I guess this is the last time I'll stop to visit you," Beth teased him back, closing the gap between him for a wet kiss on his lips. She smelt amazing and her lips were soft and moist. He couldn't help remembering just yesterday when he'd felt those soft wet lips part over his cock, while her tongue rolled round his head and her hand worked his shaft, leaving him dizzy with pleasure. 

They were in her suite in one of the college's on campus dorms channel surfing the television in her suite's common area. Beth's suitemates had just left to get dinner at the dining hall. They invited them to join them, but Beth and he had already planned to visit the pizzeria around the corner from campus. As soon as they were out the door, Beth hopped off the couch and headed for the door. Perplexed by her quick departure from the couch, he couldn't help but ask her, "Where are you going?"

"Nowhere" she replied checking to make sure the door locked. "Take off your pants. We never have the whole place to ourselves and you're wasting time." He looked at her skeptically for a split second before things fell into place for him. "You know we don't have much time. Get over here!" she jokingly commanded heading into her room. "Do you want a blowjob or not!"

"Well all right then; I reckon I would love me a good, blow, jay" Jeremy said doing his best to imitate Clint Eastwood as they were watching one of his westerns for a while when they were channel surfing. Standing up to drop his pants, he kicked them off and hastily headed towards her room of the suite. 

When he entered her room, he caught Beth stepping out of her jeans, now wearing only a pair of black bikini panties with little pink roses on them and an aquamarine bra. As he approached her, she reached out and spun him so his back was to the bed, pushing him down and quickly climbing up his body to straddle him. She dipped to kiss him passionately and ground her crotch against his rapidly growing hard-on. Her hands trailed down his body as she probed his mouth with her tongue. Finding his hardness, she gently, teasingly, slid her hand up and down the shaft. 

His hands massaged her pert palm sized breasts before making the inevitable move to her round full ass. He loved her ass and found it hard to keep his hands off it, even when they were in public. It drew him towards her like a magnet and she, well aware of how it captivated him, found ways to flaunt and tease him with it whenever possible. This was no exception and after allowing him to grope her bottom briefly, Beth spun around presenting her panty clad ass on his chest allowing him a much closer inspection. 

As if this wasn't enough, her hand momentarily halted its slow jerking on his cock only to be replaced by her warm wet mouth. Taken by surprise, by the change in sensation he groaned. She took him as deep as she could, holding the base of his cock while cupping his balls and sucking him, running her tongue over his sensitive head as she slowly moved up and down. 

Changing up her rhythm, Beth was now massaging his balls with one hand and began to employ the other hand to jerk him while she sucked. She twirled her hand on the tip of his cock each time she rose, before settling her hot mouth back down, and sliding her hand down to the base. The sweet suction and gradually increasing pace of her manipulations, guaranteed that Jeremy wouldn't and couldn't last much longer. 

Beth's ass was moving and shaking directly in front of him as she worked his cock, his hands were on her ass exploring the curves and occasionally dipping between the cheeks to run up and down the rapidly growing wet spot on her black cotton panties. The combination of her sweet mouth on him and the visual display set before him were bringing him very close. As if sensing this, Beth let his cock pop out of her mouth continuing to jerk it and begged him "Jeremy cum for me, I want you to cum in my mouth." She resumed her previous actions and Jeremy knew he was going to explode in her tender mouth any second now. There was something about hearing a girl ask you to cum. Even if he was nowhere near ready to pop, hearing Beth tell him to "cum for her" always brought his impending orgasm much, much, closer.

He frantically began rubbing her pussy more firmly, occasionally pushing and prodding her underwear into her sopping wet cunt. On the edge of his orgasm, he pulled her panties to the side quickly, plunging his index and middle fingers into her yearning quim. Overloaded with pleasurable sensations, his stomach muscles began to tense, his head rising uncontrollably up off the pillows, coming ever closer to her delectable bottom. 

The last thing he remembered, before succumbing to the sheer delight he was feeling, was how he could smell her. Her delectable, dripping, scent wafting from between her legs and making his head buzz. His eyes closed as he felt his cock convulsing in Beth's talented mouth. Jeremy felt that familiar delicious draining sensation as he emptied his balls into her eager mouth and she swallowed his cum, continuing to lap her tongue on the sensitive underside of his pulsating penis. Opening his eyes, he watched as Beth spun her body off him, a big smile on her face, clearly pleased with the end result of her efforts. She nestled her body to his and kissed him on the cheek as he bathed in the afterglow of his orgasm. 

His mind returning to their oral escapade from yesterday, Jeremy slipped his tongue into Beth's mouth and slid his hands up her smooth calf, continuing past her skirt and inching up her thigh to the point that inevitably captivated his attention. Rubbing her through her panties, she let him have his fun for a brief and fleeting moment, before pushing his arm and pulling herself away from his eager hand.

"Oh, no you don't. You have work to do mister," Beth scolded playfully. She had moved away, but bent towards him now for another kiss. 

"Well, if you hadn't shown up, I probably would have been done by now," he said exaggerating. "How am I supposed to get work done with this" he said gesturing to his clearly visible erection straining against the denim of his pants. 

"That's not my fault. It's not my fault you can't control yourself around me," she teased. Her face was a little red and he noticed her glancing at his erection clearly pleased by the effect she was having on him. She loved to tease him, and he had to admit he loved her for it. "Don't worry, I'll take care of that for you later," she said winking at him and pulling away from him with the clear intention of leaving him to his work.

"Why not here and now?" he inquired jokingly, never in his wildest dreams expecting anything to come from it. 

"No way! Are you crazy? Anybody could just walk up here," Beth said looking around nervously. She walked away from him around the two large bookcases that isolated this area of the sitting area where he was working from the rest of the library. Jeremy thought she was leaving him to his work, but fortunately for him, he was wrong.

Just when he thought Beth had left for good she emerged from around the bookcase to his left. "Hey, I thought you left," he said surprised by her reappearance. 

"You were right, there's no one up here," she said walking toward him with a smile on her face and a gleam in her eyes.

"Well it is a Friday afternoon, it's not like most people are thinking about getting their work done now. Plus, no one ever comes up here. It's like my own private place to work."

Beth walked over to him, took his laptop out of his hands and placed it on the seat of the chair next to him. She knelt down pushing his knees apart and reached for his zipper. Jeremy couldn't believe what was happening. "Beth, are you sure you want to do this?" She answered him by releasing his straining erection from his boxers and gently running her tongue from the base of his penis to the head. Her warm, wet, tongue twirled momentarily on the head before taking him deep into her willing mouth.

Beth knew what she was doing and in a few minutes, Jeremy was lying back with his head resting on the chair watching her as she worked his cock in and out her mouth. Beth was excited. She had never done anything remotely like this before and the fear of getting caught was a major turn on. Jeremy was very hard and stiff in her mouth. She could taste the slight bitterness of pre-cum slowly dripping from his tip. She took her mouth off of his cock and pressed her tongue flat on the underside of his dick gently licking him. He groaned "That feels so good" locking eyes with her. She rewarded him by sucking and kissing firmer on his underside before taking him as deep as she could. 

Beth was quite turned on by now and surprised herself by upping the ante. As she continued to suck him, she reached beneath her skirt to pull off her panties, crumpling them into a ball and placing them in Jeremy's right hand. At first, Jeremy had no idea what she put in his hand. He was so focused on the pleasure he was feeling that it took things a moment to click. He looked at the ball of red fabric in his hands and she watched the expression on his face as it morphed from confusion to realization. He smiled at her, clearly surprised by her brazenness. 

That's right Jeremy, I just gave you my panties, she thought. "Thought you could hold onto those for me for a while," she said stopping her oral ministrations briefly. He started to say something, but trailed off as she resumed her work. She wanted him nice and wet. She began to use her hand and let more saliva spill from her mouth, bathing his cock in her slippery spit. She let his cock pop out of her mouth and got up off the floor. Jeremy looked scared that she was going to leave him in his current state of arousal, but before he could complain, she turned around lifted her skirt and guided him into her wet pussy with one hand. 

His well lubed cock slipped effortlessly inside her and they both gasped as he filled her to the hilt. "Oh, shit Beth," Jeremy groaned. She began to thrust and grind her ass on him, but turned to put a finger to her mouth indicating the need for them to be quiet. She felt his hands grab her hips as she swirled her pussy round and round on him. His left hand groped her breasts while his right hand raised the front of her skirt, finding its way to her clit, causing her to sigh. Between the heightened arousal from having sex in a public place, his dick filling her aching pussy, and his hand on her clit, she was in heaven.

She was moving faster now. Bucking her hips wildly, she was rising off his cock and slamming down hard, taking it to the balls. Oh god did he feel good she thought as she heard Jeremy warn her that he was getting close.

"So am I," she replied feeling him thrusting underneath her with a greater sense of urgency. She was so close. She could feel the tension building in her and her body was begging for release. Then all of the sudden, she thought she heard something and lost her focus. Her movements became awkward as she slowed down, straining her ears to hear if someone was indeed coming or if her ears were just playing tricks on her. Jeremy was still pounding away at her pussy and he looked like he was going to cum any minute now. 

"So where is the party going to be?" Beth heard a female voice ask, coming presumably out of the elevator on to the third floor, the floor they were currently having sex on. "Really, I think he's cute. Anyway, I'll call you later. I'm at the library and I need to get some stupid journal for class." The female voice said, increasing in volume as she rapidly headed towards them. 

"Shit! We have to stop. There's someone coming!" Beth said frantically quickly losing any chance she had of having an orgasm. Beth quickly removed his hand from beneath her skirt and pulled the skirt down making sure she was covered. 

"Huh? What? What do you mean?" Jeremy asked mumbling. Dazed with pleasure, he was in no condition to rationally address the situation. Despite her obvious concern, he was now holding onto her hips continuing to thrust into her mercilessly. "Oh God, I'm gonna cum" Jeremy moaned only getting part of what he said out as Beth hurriedly covered his mouth with her hand to silence him. 

"Shut up! I do not want to get caught like this right now!" she whispered. As she looked at Jeremy for a sign of understanding, his eyes closed and she felt him thrust a couple of more times involuntarily as he came inside her. "No Jeremy. Not now!" She whimpered, but it was too late. She could already feel his warm cum beginning to leak slowly out of her pussy. She was about to get off him when the female voice, along with the body it belonged to, rounded the corner of a bookshelf far too close to them for her comfort.

Beth had just stood up to get off Jeremy's still semi-hard cock when the female student emerged from around the bookshelves directly in front of them. Acting quickly, Jeremy sat up shocked to see they truly weren't alone and Beth grabbed the laptop from the seat next to them. Knowing there wasn't enough time for both of them to cover up if she got off of him; Beth adjusted her skirt to cover his unbuttoned pants and pretended to be sitting on his lap helping him with his work. 

"So if you finish up this slide over here and move this one over here, your presentation might flow a little better," Beth said pretending to be working with him as the girl walked by glancing at them for a moment, before examining some of the journals in the bookcase directly in front of where she was squatting over him. 

Jeremy was confused for a second before realizing Beth's true intentions. "Yeah, I guess you're right. If I moved those slides and added some new information in the other section, it would definitely flow better," he joined in playing along. The girl was still browsing and didn't show any signs of leaving anytime soon. 

Without a warning, Jeremy felt himself becoming involuntarily aroused by the whole situation before him. Beth was sitting on his lap with his rapidly returning erection still inside her warm moist pussy. He had just cum inside his girlfriend during a completely unexpected, torrid, public sex escapade. As if that wasn't enough, before they finished, a perfect stranger had entered and was now in front of them completely unaware of what they were doing. All in all, he wondered if Beth would blame him for being a little turned on by it. He wondered how long it would take before she noticed and how she would react. 

Although he did his best to try to calm himself down, it wasn't helping having her sitting on top of him nervously shifting her weight each time she tried to make sure they were both covered. His efforts were ineffective and when the girl moved further away from them towards the end of the bookshelf in front of them, Beth turned with a horrified look in her eyes. "Are you kidding me! I cannot believe you are getting hard right now." She half mouthed and half whispered the words.

Thankfully, the girl browsing seemed to find what she was looking for or at least decided it wasn't in their immediate vicinity, and she left the sitting area seemingly unaware of what had transpired between them. Beth rose up, pulling herself off of Jeremy's fully returned erection. She could feel his spent seed running down her inner thighs. Adjusting her skirt, she turned to face him visibly upset by his inability to control his lust. Before she had the chance to lash out at him, Jeremy apologized.
