 Anna had only been living with Lincoln for three months, one week and five days when he walked in on her masturbating. He'd originally left with an overnight bag swinging from his clenched fist and a casual comment thrown over his shoulder to let her know he was spending the weekend at a friend's place. 

Ten minutes after he walked out the door she stripped down to her tank top and panties, feeling an urgent need to relieve some of the tension that being around him regularly caused. 

Everything about Lincoln made him the perfect housemate, except for the fact that he was gorgeous. That had proven to be a distraction. His eyes and hair were the colour of rich espresso and his addiction to running, combined with his job as a personal trainer, helped maintain a long lean body. The playful way he had about him, from his sense of humour to his relaxed personality, unfortunately pushed all the right buttons. Often.

She'd removed her bra and sat cross-legged on the couch with a Channing Tatum movie playing on TV for inspiration. Just as she really started getting into it—one hand inside her panties and the other cupping the breast she'd tugged her top down to expose—Lincoln barged into the apartment rambling about having forgotten something. 

He stopped mid-sentence and stared. His mouth opened and closed. Shocked amusement filled his eyes. 

Anna recovered first and screamed, "Oh my God, Oh, my God! Get out! Close your eyes! Stay there! Shit. Just GO!" She scrambled to yank up her top and clamped her legs together, throwing the remote at him as a distraction while she sprinted from the room.  

Embarrassment swept over her again at the memory and she wondered for about the hundredth time whether she'd ever get over it. Luckily she hadn't been calling out his name at the time. If he'd turned up thirty seconds later it would have been a different story. 

She sipped from her can of Pepsi and stirred the brown rice bubbling in the pot on the stove. It was already after seven. He'd be home any minute now. 

Her exhibitionist moment had become that elephant in the room no one dared speak about but it was only a matter of time before he cracked and brought up the subject. Since returning from his weekend away three days ago the amused glances he kept sending her way confirmed her hunch; the only reason he held back from talking about it was because it made her uncomfortable. This whole situation had become far too entertaining—for him, at least. 

Anna heard the front door open and close. He usually headed down the hall to deposit his work gear in his bedroom before he came looking for her. She took the pot of rice over to the island bench to drain while she waited for him to appear. 

Moments later he entered the kitchen, sending her a grin while he strolled across the tiled floor barefoot. She knew—she just knew every time he looked at her now he pictured that scene all over again. "Hey," he said. He wore black athletic shorts and a sleeveless red top that revealed his muscled arms. 

"Hi." Anna smiled and met his eyes briefly. "Dinner's almost ready if you want to set the table." 

His hair gleamed under the lights. He always looked so healthy and full of life while she was on the skinny side of slim with mostly unremarkable features. Her only saving graces were a plump mouth that according to her last boyfriend looked obscene when she wore red lipstick and a pair of breasts that were a little too big for her frame. 

Her job as a columnist for a teen magazine meant she sometimes worked from home so she'd thrown on an old grey t-shirt and navy yoga pants this morning. Her feet were bare and her dark-framed glasses perched on the bridge of her nose. A tortoiseshell clip just barely held her messy blonde bun together at the back of her head. 

She left the drained colander in the sink, switched off the burner under the stir fry and went about serving up dinner. 

When they were both sitting in the dining room beside the floor-to-ceiling window that showcased the twinkling lights of the city, Anna speared a piece of chicken and shoved it into her mouth. She chewed and swallowed, then quickly replaced it with another to avoid having to talk to him. 

She wished things could return to normal between them, that they could go back to sharing their flirty banter and having fun together. They'd clicked from the moment they met. Now it was just awkward and the fault lay entirely with her. He hadn't changed a bit. Her eyes remained directed at her plate. It was only when Lincoln let out a snort of amusement that she raised her head. 

"It's natural, you know," he said. His gaze roamed her face, taking everything in. "To want to do it, I mean. Everyone does it." 

Anna closed her eyes. "I don't want to talk about it, Lincoln." 

"I know." 

She opened her eyes and forced herself to look at him. "Then why are you bringing it up?" 

"We need to talk about it." He balanced his fork on the edge of his plate. "This is serious. The tension around here's putting me off my food." 

Although it didn't help at all she still appreciated his attempt to bring humour into the conversation. "Can't we just pretend it never happened?" she said. 

"Anna, it did happen and it's not a big deal. You're just turning it into one." 

Her eyes widened. "That's easy for you to say. How would you feel if I walked in on you...pleasuring yourself?" 

"I don't know because it's never happened to me. I always go somewhere private to...pleasure myself." She heard the humour in his tone. "I've never set up camp on the couch before and just gone for it." 

Oh, my God. If the humiliation at hearing his words wasn't enough now she had the image of him all aroused to contend with, too. Anna pushed her plate away and leaned her forehead against the table. "I'm just going to bang my head here until I knock myself out, okay?" 

"C'mon." His patient amusement only made the situation that much worse. Why couldn't she be the mature one here? 

Chair legs scraped against tile then his hand wrapped around her upper arm. He tugged her reluctantly into a standing position. Knowing he wanted to talk about it rather than eat his dinner made her realise just how determined he was to fix this problem.  

She tilted her head to stare up at him, blown away by the jolt of awareness she experienced whenever she looked into his eyes. 

"Why does it bother you so much?" he asked. His brows pulled together as he studied her. 

"Is it really that hard to understand? You saw me with my hand in my panties, Lincoln. You saw my boobs, too." She turned her head and stared out the window, wishing she could be anywhere other than here...with him...talking about the first place holder on her list of embarrassing moments. 

"One boob," he corrected. "A very...very nice one." 

Her eyes flicked back to his to check whether he was making fun of her but his compliment appeared to be sincere. "Thank you," she said. 

"No, thank you." 

A reluctant smile appeared. She should have talked about it with him when it actually happened instead of leaving it to him to address the issue. It would have been a lot simpler. Still... "It just feels like I'm at a disadvantage. You saw me during a private moment. I can tell you still think it's funny. I don't like you having that over me." 

His mouth turned up at one corner. "You want me to jerk off in front of you to make things even?" 

Her stomach fluttered at the thought. Anna knew he was joking to lighten the mood but when she opened her mouth to speak the word that wanted to come out was yes. "Umm..." She sent him a tentative smile. 

He let out a laughing breath. "Ahh...I can't believe it. You actually want me to jerk off in front of you." 

Now that he'd brought up the idea Anna kept her eyes on him and her mouth shut, waiting him out. She refused to get herself in any deeper without some indication that he felt even a tiny portion of the attraction that tormented her on a daily basis. 

He watched her and the humour slowly slipped from his expression. The silence stretched on and the strain between them grew until it eventually became unbearable. His gaze dropped to her breasts as they lifted and fell beneath her t-shirt. When his eyes met hers again the intensity in them left her stunned. "If we're doing this I'll need some inspiration." 

Her breathing shallowed and her pulse raced. "Like...what?" She could barely get the words out. 

"Use your imagination." He grabbed her wrist and led her into the living room where a chocolate brown floor rug and two oversized leather couches filled most of the space. He took her over to the coffee table and urged her to sit on the edge. Lincoln positioned himself on the couch opposite her and relaxed against the back. When his attention returned to her his brows lifted. "When this is over so is all the awkwardness between us. I want the old Anna back." 

She swallowed. "Okay." Did he actually intend to go through with this or was he teasing her and making her wait for the moment where he burst into laughter? She went for something safe just to test him. Her fingers reached up to tug at the clip holding her hair in place. She pulled it free and her long blonde hair tumbled over her shoulders. "Does that inspire you?" she asked, already knowing the answer. 

He let out an amused breath. "You're gorgeous but I'm going to need more." 

She hid her pleasure at his words, at the warmth they encouraged inside her. Anna pinched the temple of her eyeglasses and prepared to take them off. 

"Leave 'em on," he said. 

Oh, so he liked the glasses? He'd never mentioned that before. She nibbled her lower lip, wondering how far to go next. Affection and tenderness filled his expression. He looked like he wanted her to keep going. The fact that he just sat there patiently waiting, his hands resting on his knees while his gaze swept over her, helped her relax. He didn't push her or tease her so she decided to make the next step more adventurous. 

Anna held her breath and gripped the hem of her t-shirt, dragging it over her torso. The bundle dropped from her slackened fingertips and she sat before him wearing only her blue lace bra and navy pants. An intense longing spread through her as she watched him watching her. 

"Now we're getting somewhere," he said. 

She heard the huskiness in his voice and shivers tickled the surface of her skin. Before she could change her mind Anna stood up and made quick work of removing her pants. "I seem to be the only one who's actually doing anything." She sat back down in her white thong, gripping the edge of the table to keep her trembling fingers steady. "Don't you have a job to do?" 

His mouth quirked with the smile she knew and loved. "Why don't you just tell me you want to see my cock?" 

Desire swelled inside her, crashing in the pit of her stomach, making her feel as if she'd just lost her footing. She met his eyes and in a voice that had turned surprisingly breathy she said, "I really want to see your cock." 

Heat flashed in his eyes. "Keep that up and you'll be doing a lot more than looking." He grabbed his top at the neckline and leaned forward, drawing it over his head to reveal his entire upper body to her for the first time. 

He'd never been one for strutting around the apartment half-naked and she regretted that the moment she set eyes on his bare chest. "Amazing." She felt a sudden urge to run her tongue over his abs. "You've got an incredible body, but I still don't see your...you know." 

He chuckled then and it thrilled her that they could find time to laugh despite the sensual nature of the moment. "You're a little eager, aren't you? Been a while?" 

"Ages." She reached behind her to the clasp on her bra. Anna flicked it open and drew the straps down her arms until they settled at her bent elbows. She kept the cups in place with her hands and sent him an expectant look. The idea of baring herself to him in this way made her heart race. He'd already told her he liked what he saw when he caught her here on the couch. That wasn't the problem. It was being almost naked and sitting just across from him while he...she had to drag in a steadying breath. 

He grinned and lifted his hips, shoving at the waistbands of both his shorts and underwear. He lowered them at the same time, stopping just before he got to the good stuff. "You sure you can handle this?" 

She watched the ridges in his stomach contract and her mouth went dry. She really wasn't sure of anything right now. "I won't be the one handling it, but I'm sure I'll enjoy watching." 

His huffed out a laugh and his thumbs stayed tucked in the top of his shorts, teasing her with the skin he had on display and the mystery of what remained hidden. "There's only one problem," he said. 

She clutched her loosened bra to her breasts. "What's that?" 

He met her eyes. "I didn't get to see you come." 

Her cheeks flushed and a quick thrill ran through her. She knew exactly what he was getting at; she'd have to be content with an unfinished show from him or join in so they could reach that peak together. The thought of him in that moment, watching that look come over his face, she didn't want to miss out on seeing it for real. "You want to watch me?" 

He gave her a half-smile. "I'd rather make you come than sit back and watch, but I'll take what I can get." 

Her heart slowed to a heavy thud. "What?" 

Lincoln shook his head and laughed. "So pretty, yet so dense," he teased. "What do you think all the flirting's been about?" 

"I just thought—I thought you flirted with all women like that." Knowing she'd jumped to the wrong conclusion made her happier than she'd thought possible. "You want to have sex with me?" Anna narrowed her eyes, staring at him. He'd better not be joking.  

"Hmm, no." His gaze travelled over her, pausing at her mouth before moving slowly down her body. He finally looked her in the eyes. "Having sex sounds so clinical. I want to fuck you." 

Ohhhh, my. She let out the breath she'd been holding. A surge of something completely and utterly carnal took hold of her. "I didn't know," she said breathlessly. "I mean, look at you...and...look at me." 

He frowned, appearing annoyed by that, as if he couldn't understand why she felt so out of her depth when it came to his physical appeal. "If you don't shut up and come over here I'm going to start wondering why I'm so hopelessly attracted to you." 

She couldn't catch her breath. Her fingers tightened around the delicate material of her bra as she took it from her breasts and let it fall to the floor. Anna shook her head slowly. "I still want to watch you," she heard herself saying. 

His gaze dropped to her bared breasts and his jaw clenched. "Better lose the panties, then."

The expression on his face made her want to kiss him. A rush of need swept through her. Her nipples tightened into sensitive buds. She pushed herself off the coffee table and slipped her fingers into the waistband of her thong. Lincoln's eyes followed her every movement and as she lowered her panties he pushed his shorts and boxers down his thighs. 

She stepped from her underwear just as he revealed his cock, inch by delectable inch. Her pulse raced. She couldn't tear her eyes away from the sight. It was already hard and now she'd just found somewhere else on his body that she wanted to lick. 

He kicked his shorts free as Anna sat back down on the table. She perched on the edge, torn between the need to climb over him and straddle his lap or keep her distance for a better view. 

"Ladies first," he said. A muscle twitched in his jaw. His eyes burned with need. She'd never seen this side of him before. 

She lifted her feet, resting them on tiptoes while she slowly, slowly parted her knees. One hand reached behind her, her palm flattening against the table top for support. The other dipped between her thighs to tease her damp folds. Moisture coated her fingertips. She sighed, wanting to tip her head back but unwilling to lose sight of him for a second. 

Lincoln groaned and grabbed hold of his cock, stroking the thick, hard length as he watched her. His eyes slid over every part of her, from her face to her breasts, dropping between her legs like a physical caress. The veins in the back of his hand stood out. The way his fingers gripped his erection made her own move faster over her slick pussy. 

She wanted his hands on her, all over her. She wanted to feel the damp heat of his mouth as it travelled across her skin, the rigid length of him as it sank inside her. 

"I was thinking about you," she said, struggling to put the words together. "When you walked in on me, I mean." Her fingers slid over her clit, massaging the swollen bud while her gaze meshed with his. She hit a sensitive spot and closed her eyes briefly, swallowing a moan. "I'm always thinking about you." 

"Anna." She opened her eyes at the sound of her name. He let out a heavy breath that bordered on a groan, working his cock with increasing speed. The head glistened with moisture. She imagined lapping at it with the tip of her tongue. "C'mere. I want you." 

His words gave her a head rush. She drew her legs together and warmth pulsed between her thighs as she rose from her position on the table. She took the two steps that lay between them, leaning over him to bring her mouth into close contact with his. He reached up with one hand and filled his palm with her flesh, massaging her breast, teasing her nipple while his lips brushed hers. 

Anna sighed and climbed over him, hovering with her legs spread either side of his thighs. She clasped her hand around his, encouraging him to keep stroking his cock. He groaned and pressed his mouth to hers, taking control, guiding the kiss. He took it deeper, drawing it out with slow sweeps of his tongue, soft nibbles of his lips. 

He thumbed her nipple. A whimper sounded in her throat and her hand skated over her belly to delve back between her thighs. She found her wetness, teasing her hidden nub. She moaned and rocked her hips to meet the firm glide of her fingertips. The slick head of his cock bumped against her knuckles as they both pleasured themselves. 

Her control faltered and she kissed him harder, thrusting her tongue against his as her desire grew. Her hips jerked. She broke the kiss, her breaths coming heavily as she whispered, "Your cock...I wanna ride it." 

He growled and tugged harder at his thick length, using his free hand to grab a fistful of her hair at the back of her head. "Come for me first," he said, "then it's all yours." He used his grip on her hair to hold her right there and crushed his lips to hers. 

His tongue plunged into her mouth. A husky moan tore from her and she rubbed her clit, massaging, teasing...pushing herself closer to the edge. Her eyes closed tightly, her only focus to come. She needed him inside her. Now. His hard, wet cock kept sliding against the back of her hand, taunting her, urging her on. 

He seemed to sense her impending release. Either that or he was close himself. His mouth grew more demanding, his groans more frequent. Anna's fingertips increased pressure on her clit, slipping back and forth. Her other hand cupped the back of his neck, holding on. Her belly tensed and her hips thrust. 

His mouth roamed over hers, his tongue caressed. It only increased her desire, her need for him. His hand in her hair, his body beneath her, she wanted him so much. Anna pulled her mouth free to drag in a shaky breath. Her forehead rested against his. She cried out, shuddering. It flowed through her in a surge of complete bliss. Her moan, when it came, was throaty and full of pleasure. Her fingers kept rubbing, her hips jerking. 

While the final tremors still shook her body Lincoln released her hair and clasped her hips. He shoved his cock inside her, pulling her down to deepen the connection. Her back bowed and she let out a garbled sound. He filled her, harsh, fast. Her wet fingers dug into his shoulder, her other hand clutched his hair. 
