 There is an old saying "Appearances can be deceiving." This could not have been more true for Randy Davis, an average red blooded American male 23 year old college grad student. At first glance, most people would have him pegged as a nerdy geeky Poindexter type, with his short black hair cut like Joe Friday from the 1960's Dragnet Television series, and the personality to boot, strictly business.

Randy also wore the classic black rim glasses you would expect a nerd to wear although he did not have the piece of tape in the middle. Randy also dressed sort of nerdy wearing the white shirt and dark slacks but to his credit, he did not sport the pocket protectors.

If you were to have pegged him as some sort of computer geek or engineer, you would not be too far off. Actually Randy had finished a double major in Bio-Medical Engineering and Computer Information Systems and was in the process of pursuing a Masters Degree in Mathematics as well as getting his MBA.

Although Randy had the nerdy exterior, all was not as it seemed. Randy was equivalent to what the old school drag racers referred to as a sleeper, a car that doesn't look like too much on the outside, but under the hood there is a suped-up motor and the only thing the driver of the other cars would see would be its taillights as they struggled to keep up.

Randy had another side not too many people knew about, in that he was quite the ladies man. It wasn't that he was popular with the in crowd at the college he attended, but Randy was a hit with the ladies he escorted.

Randy started working as a male escort at age 21 and went on dates with business women who both lived and worked in the town he lived in as well as those who were in town for business trips and wanted to let their hair down. Even though some of the ladies he went out with were single, a majority(about 85 percent) were older married women in the late 30's to early 50's. 

Randy would do more than just take them to dinner, shows or the opera, he also took them to the hot night spots dancing and clubbing where they would let their hair down and engage in lots of hot dirty dancing. Afterwards, they would go back to the woman's place or a ritzy hotel and have good hot intense passionate sex.

When Randy was on his dates, he was a complete other person. The nerdy glasses were gone replaced by more hip ones or even contacts. He also dressed more upscale and in a way that would accentuate his physical attributes.

Physically speaking Randy was about 5'11" tall medium build,175-180 pounds, with the short hair as described above but when he is out on dates, it was moosed and he looked like he stepped off the pages of a man's fashion catalog or the well known prestigious magazine G.Q.

Anyhow, Randy would eventually meet Rachel a hot cute sexy 20 year old college sophomore who still lived at home with her mom, a smoking hot 42 year old divorcee MILF named Stella.

Stella was about Randy's height(5'10" tall) weighed about 140 pounds not skinny but not fat either. Unlike Rachel, she was slightly bigger maybe wore a size 12-14. She measured 40DD-30-38 and her tits were all natural and not falsies

Stella's hair was long and straight, chestnut brown and came down to the middle of her back. Her eyes were green, her lips were full and pouty like Rachel's and her legs were slender well toned dancer's legs.

Rachel was smaller and slightly shorter than Stella about 5'8" tall with slender build. She weighed about 115 pounds and measured 34B-24-34. Even though Rachel did not have the same body as Stella, she had a very pretty face and was still considered hot.

Rachel's other attributes were her wavy shoulder length chestnut brown hair that she wore it in a pony tail emerald green eyes full pouty" ruby red lips. Let's just say that a guy would have to be either blind or a fool not to want to sleep with Rachel. 

Rachel was quite popular and could have any guy she wanted. Even so, she had her sights set on Randy. She wanted Randy, because she liked brainy guys, but in reality it started off mainly because Randy could get her through her Anatomy, Chemistry and Calculus classes.

Rachel was wanting to be a nurse so she had to take these plus many more advanced science classes. Rachel had a way about her that captivated a man's soul and would hold it hostage and since she was attracted to brainy guys the attraction was mutual.

They met and they hit it off instantly and Randy agreed to help Rachel and tutor her and she promised she would go out with him and be his girlfriend. It was a deal Rachel could live with because she liked Randy and even though it started as a working relationship, over time the relationship grew into a deep intimate relationship.

Randy would come over to Rachel's house on occasion and Rachel would go over to his apartment about 15 minutes away from her house. They would kiss and neck but sexual intimacy would come later when they both knew the moment was right 

The moment would be right on a Saturday in mid April, about six weeks into the relationship. Rachel had gone to Randy's apartment like she had so many times before and Randy was helping her with human anatomy. The topic was the human reproductive system and their conversation went from clinical to fairly intimate.

They were lying on Randy's bed in his bedroom like they normally did and Rachel brought up the subject of sex. She knew Randy was experienced in sex because it had come up and she could tell by the way he kissed and some of the moves he made during their make out sessions. He knew how to kiss a woman and touch her tenderly and with lots of passion and romance 

Anyhow, Rachel asked Randy what was the naughtiest or kinkiest thing he had ever done with a woman and he confessed about being an escort and some of the things the women did and even though they were perfect well respected ladies in public, get them in the bedroom and they were wicked and trashy as a two dollar whore.

As Randy described intimate details, Rachel was intrigued and quite turned on. She probed Randy for all the juicy details and he told her. Rachel found herself getting hot and she removed her white cotton panties she had on under her light denim skirt. It wasn't long until Rachel was lying on her side fingering her pussy.

Rachel hung on every word Randy said and as Randy finished up the story she said in a panting voice "Tell me more!!"

Randy looked over Rachel and saw what Rachel was doing and suddenly he got bold. "I'll do better than tell ya hon, I will show you."

"Oh God yes baby please do," Rachel panted lustfully and raised up so that she was next to him, her forehead to his. 

Randy knew that take me look from the women he had escorted and without saying a word Rachel kissed Randy. Their kisses began as soft tender butterfly kisses and then they became more passionate going from soft kisses to deep tongue probing tonsil swabbing French kisses. One thing led to another and soon the next thing they knew, they were both naked, exploring each others bodies.

Randy would lay his muscular body on top of Rachel's soft warm body and they would embrace. Rachel's sumptuous breast felt soft against Randy's somewhat muscular hairless chest. Their limbs would intertwine and their bodies moved together as one as their passions rose.

Rachel and Randy had already taken their intimacy further than they had ever gone before. Even though even when they had made out in the past hands had fondled intimate areas, no clothes had ever come off. This was the first time and they would cross the line that they could never return from.

Randy started by kissing his way down Rachel's body. He would suck on Rachel's sumptuous breasts and Rachel would hold his head there as she nursed him. Randy moved his way down until he reached her pubic region. Rachel's legs instinctively parted and Randy went down on her nicely trimmed slightly hairy pussy.

Randy's tongue found Rachel's slit and he began eating her out. Rachel grabbed Randy's hair and held his head there and bucked her hips up fucking his face. It wouldn't be long until Rachel could feel her pussy quiver and she flooded Randy's face with her sweet sticky cream.

Rachel would then take Randy's cock in her hands and put her lips over it and go down on his rock hard tool and give him the blow job of his life. 

Randy could feel his cock swell with cum and he tried to fight it but could not stem the tide. Randy let Rachel know he was on the verge of cumming and she quit sucking and took some lotion on her tits. Rachel then took Randy's cock, placed it between her sumptuous breast and began to tit fuck him until he spunked his load all over her tits face lips and hair.

Rachel had a naughty grin like the cat that swallowed the canary. She would then suck Randy's cock until it was hard again. Rachel would then lower her pussy onto Randy's bulging tool and begin to ride him cowgirl style.

Rachel rode Randy's cock slow at first and gradually built up speed until she was riding it like a wild bronco. Rachel was like a wild woman and you would think she had never had sex before she was so excited, but Rachel lost her cherry when she turned 18 but in a way you wouldn't ordinarily think about. This will be explained later in the story.

Anyhow, they were going at it hot an heavy and Rachel could feel her orgasm build and soon Randy could feel Rachel's pussy juice trickle over his cock. Just then, she let out a yell and cried out "Oh god yes baby make me cum," and flooded Randy's cock with her sweet sticky cream. 

Randy could feel his cock swell with cum and he knew it wasn't long until he was going to spunk his load. He wanted to cum inside her but he was concerned about getting her preggers. Rachel told him not to worry that she was on the depro shot. Also her mom was a Pharmaceutical sales rep District Manager and could also get her the pill known as The morning after Pill to take after having sex to prevent pregnancy.

Randy felt more at ease and gave into the passions and let go of his monster load, sending his hot manhood deep into Rachel's hungry eagerly waiting pussy.

Randy and Rachel would also fuck doggie style and missionary style and then they would cuddle together basking in the afterglow. Rachel would not go home like she normally did that night but they would go out clubbing and then spend the night and most of the next day in hot torrid sex.

Rachel would eventually go home and her mom suspected something had happened but never could prove it. It wouldn't be until one night a week or so later that Rachel spilled the beans. Stella told her that if she ever wanted time alone to let her know and she would make herself scarce. From that time on, Rachel and Randy would not only fuck in Randy's bed but Rachel's as well.

Sex was good and hot and Stella never walked in on anything until one Saturday afternoon three weeks later. Randy and Rachel had just finished some good hot sex and they were both hungry so Rachel told Randy to help himself to something in the fridge and to bring her back something as well.

Randy was dressed in nothing but his skivvies, a pair of black briefs and Randy and Rachel figured Stella would not be back for another hour or two. Boy, were they ever wrong. As Randy was getting him and Rachel something to eat, Stella would catch him in the act.

Rachel thought Stella was not supposed to be back from her trip this early but she decided to come back ahead of schedule and take Rachel out to spend some quality "girl-time" with her daughter.

Stella would be dressed in a light pinking lavender cardigan(almost Pepto-Bismol pink but not quite) and a blue skirt that came down to about 4 inches above her knees. The shirt had ¾ length sleeves and came down to her skirt. The neck line was plunging and her sumptuous 40DD breasts were practically spilling out of the shirt.

. Stella was going to say hello to Randy but then she got an idea and a wicked devilish grin came across her lips. Stella thought to herself "I think I will have some fun with this little man!" 

It was Stella's intent to yank Randy's chain by pretending to be the "indignant mom giving hell to the guy who was fucking her sweet innocent little girl." S he snuck up behind Randy, put on her game face so to speak, and put her plan into action. 

Stella came up to Randy and cleared her throat and let her presence be known In an instant, Randy knew that Stella wasn't her normal jovial fun loving and sensual self. 

"What the hell are you doing standing in my kitchen looking in my fridge, practically naked," Stella said in a stern but quiet authoritarian matronly voice, trying to keep her voice down so Rachel didn't hear her. 

"Have you been banging my little girl," Stella added as she grabbed the back of the waist line of Randy's briefs and pulled him to her and then spun him around. 

"I have a good mind to call the cops and report you, unless you get the hell out of my house now" Stella added. 

Randy, more nervous than he had even been in his life, wondering how he could get out of this gracefully said "Well let me go get my clothes and then I'll leave."

"No sir," Stella exclaimed quietly. "You will go as you are and the sooner the better."

"What if I get stopped, how am I going to explain being naked," Randy said nervously.

"That's not my problem," Stella said sternly. "You should have thought of that before you came up in here banging my little girl, and in my own house even. Don't you even the common decency to get a motel room?."

" Well, Rachel said it was okay," Randy stammered. 

"Well it's not and if you don't get the hell out of here in 5 minutes I'll have you locked up for having sex with a minor," Stella added threateningly.

"But Rachel is twenty," Randy protested franticly "Isn't she?"

"If I( Stella stressed the word "I") tell the cops she is only 16, then who do you think they are going to believe me or some pervert I caught half naked in my house," Stella said. "So it's your choice. You can leave now embarrassed but free or be even more embarrassed when they arrest you for statutory rape and the media plasters your ass all over the six o'clock news. If I were you, I would cut my losses and get the HELL OUT when I could"

"Come on now lets be reasonable," Randy pleaded trying to smooth things over. "We can work something out cant we," Randy begged as his anxiety grew.

"No fucking way," Stella added. "I don't make deals with pervs." Then she paused stopped for a second or two then another devilish grin crossed her lips. "Well there is something you could do for me but I am not sure that you may go for it." 

"What is it, I'll do anything, just name it." Randy earnestly pleaded in a whining voice, jumping at the chance to get out of his predicament 

Stella released her tight grip on his arm and then put her arms around his neck draping her arms gently on his shoulders and pulled her body up to his.

"Being a single mom is hard having to work all the time. I don't get sex as much as I want, so I have to resort to toys, fingers and other means to satisfy my urges," Stella said. " I need my kitty scratched and petted once in a while and feel a good hard cock and a man's hot spunk inside of me so I'll make a deal with you."

"Rachel has told me about you and her and how great you are in bed," Stella added. "And before you say anything, I ran a background check on you like any concerned parent would do these days with their girl's boyfriends. I had you checked out and I know you are a male escort and you have sex with older women for money and they say you are quite good".

Randy blushed and sheepishly said "Busted," and threw his hands up in the air like you would do when a cop told you to put your hands up. "I cant hide from that one." he added "So, what do you want from me?"

"Well," Stella said in a soft sexy seductive voice as she sauntered up to Randy and put her hand softly on his chest and began gently running her hand over it. "If you would service me like you serviced my daughter and if you leave me satisfied and begging for more, then I just might let you go and forget the whole thing."

Randy was in a bind. What would Rachel think if she caught him doing her mom? But he couldn't not do it because he was afraid Stella would make good on her threat to have him arrested, so he reluctantly agreed.

"Wise choice my good man," Stella said with a grin, and with that Stella made her move.

"Shhh" Stella said as she put her index finger to her lips trying to keep it quiet and then she had Randy sit on the kitchen counter. Stella put her hand on Randy's crotch and felt his package and smiled saying "It seems my baby girl may be right." 

Stella literally ripped Randy's briefs off of him by grabbing the fly area and quickly pulling it apart until she had torn his underwear from him and tossed it to the side. Her eyes lit up like a child's on Christmas morning as she saw Randy's pulsating 8 inch cock fully erect and then said with a lustful moan "Oh my GOD, Rachel was right!! We are a big boy aren't we?"

Stella put her hand on Randy's shaft and closed it around his cock and began pumping it. She then knelt down in front of Randy and took her tongue and began licking around the head and up and down the shaft. She then would take Randy's cock in her mouth and go down on it sucking it like a vacuum cleaner.

Stella would suck for about five minutes or so and Randy could feel his cock swell with cum and it was all he could do to keep from cumming. He tried but could not stem the tide of pleasure and he spunked his load as Stella drank down every bit of cum.

"Now it's your turn baby to suck me" Stella purred and Stella switched places with Randy. She hiked her skirt and pulled aside her blue lace panties revealing a nicely shaved perfectly pink pussy.

Randy would go at it and Stella took his hair and held his head there and like Rachel Stella bucked her hips up and fucked his face. It would take about five to ten minutes but soon Randy would have Stella moaning in pleasure gasping for breath and she would cum, flooding Randy's face with her sweet sticky cream.

Stella got up and said to Randy "I want you to take me from behind fully clothed as I lean on the counter." With that Stella raised her skirt up and Randy thrusted his cock into her pussy from behind and began fucking her.

Randy started slowly and gradually built up speed but Stella wanted it hard fast and heavy. 

"Bang me hard and fast baby," Stella moaned in a breathy voice. "Take me, ravish me!! I want you to treat me like the nasty little trashy whore that I am."

Randy would fuck her hard and fast and hard as they tried they couldn't keep it quiet.

Stella was screaming at the top of her lungs "Oh god yes Randy baby Fuck mommy, make mommy cum."

This would definitely get the attention of Rachel who was now past wondering what was taking Randy so long in the kitchen and she came in to find Randy and Stella in the throngs of passion, Stella creaming on Randy's cock and Randy spunking his load deep into Stella's eagerly waiting pussy. 

Rachel was dressed in a striped sweater shirt with mauve, dark grey, light cream yellow, and light grey stripes. The shirt had a low cut v-neck Henley type collar and the top two buttons were undone. The shirt also had ¾ length sleeves.

Rachel was also wearing a pair of white cotton panties and her hair was down gathered on one side of her neck. She had her arms out elbows bent and palms up and a look of shock and disgust on her face as she would be saying "what the hell?" but she didn't say a word but let out an "uhhh" and Stella and Randy knew they had been busted.

Randy was mortified. He had a look of horror on his face. He knew he was busted and probably in deep shit worse than with Stella when she had caught him. At least Stella hadn't caught Rachel and him in the act.
