 The chronological order of my stories is as follows:

Todd & Melina series, Interludes 1-5, Sperm Wars series, Russian Roulette series, Case of the Murdered Lovers series, Case of the Murdered Chessplayer series, The Swap series, Interludes 6-10, The Murdered Football Player Series, Case of the Black Widow series, Teresa's Christmas Story, The Case of the Black Badge series, A Case of Revenge series, Trilogy Series, Dark Side Of The Force series.

Caught In The Act Ch. 1.

Feedback and constructive criticism is very much appreciated, and I encourage feedback for ideas.

This story contains graphic scenes, extreme language, and actions that might be extremely offensive to some people. These scenes, words and actions are used only for the literary purposes of this story. The author does not condone murder, racial or racist language, violence, rape or violence against women, and any depictions of any of these in this story should not be construed as acceptance of the above.

Part 1 - Prologue

The young stud pumped his huge meat in and out of the beautiful trophy wife's smoking hot cunt, his hard muscular ass bobbing rapidly as his groin slapped hers and his big balls smacked against her ass. She was meeting every thrust, fucking her young lover back with everything she had. The sweet, staccato slaps of flesh on flesh filled the air of the bedroom as the rutting couple hungrily mated.

It was late afternoon on September 27th, and Shayla Belle was fucking her young lover in her marital bed. "Oh yeah, baby, that's so fucking good!" she moaned moaned in her deep, husky voice, urging her young man to fuck her harder and deeper, and to pump his full climax deep inside her eagerly receptive cunt. Shayla was short at 5'2" tall, in her mid-40s, but her body was in shape and perfectly curved, especially her legs and elegant feet.

"I'm close... I'm going to fucking come..." said Seth Warner, his thick head of longish black hair matted with sweat as he neared the crest. Shayla was magnificent fuck, and he loved pumping his huge 9+ inches of hard male meat in and out of her before filling her with his large, virile load.

They did not hear the creak of the floor as the lovers hurtled toward an intense mutual climax, and then Seth was gasping "I'm coming... OH GOD!" Hot jets of molten man-lava fired out of his pistoning prick and into Shayla's snug, welcoming pussy.

---------------------------

"Mmmm, that was sooooo good." said Shayla as she and Seth shared warm kisses. "Why don't I warm you up, and we'll take our time when we do it again." She began to maneuver into position, leaning over and licking and kissing Seth's half hard meat, her hand gently but expertly jacking him to rock-hardness.

"Are you sure your husband won't come home?" Seth asked, not really worried about it but idly curious.

"I told you, baby, that bastard already filed the divorce papers, so it doesn't matter. Now let me suck on this big thing..." Seth closed his eyes and enjoyed the feeling of Shayla's mouth sliding up and down his big man-pole, his cock beginning to throb again, though with less intensity than when he'd first sunk his dick balls-deep into the hot wife's sopping wet quim.

"Mmmmmm" moaned Shayla around his meat as she deeply sucked him. Seth felt the vibration clear to his balls, and it felt fantastic. He opened his eyes...

"Oh shit!" Seth gasped. Shayla's husband, Derrick Belle, was in the doorway watching them.

"You whore!" Derrick yelled at his wife as her mouth came flying off Seth's cock, a thick string of spittle still connecting her wet lips to the young stud's cock. "You get the hell out of my house right now!"

"Fuck you, asshole!" Shayla countered as she got off the bed. "Been standing there and watching us like a fucking Peeping Tom? Liked what you saw?"

"You cheating bitch! I'm gonna kick your whore ass right out of here--" Derrick growled, taking a step towards his estranged wife.

"Hey!" yelled Seth, moving quickly to protect Shayla from her husband. Derrick Belle was in his early 40s, in decent shape with brown hair and a thick mustache and beard. He'd have been a poster-boy for the '70s look, but he was no match for the younger, well-built, muscular Seth.

"Stay out of this, boy." said Derrick. "This is between me and that slut behind you."

"Not anymore." said Seth. "You leave her alone."

"Are you telling me what to do with my wife?" Derrick said, his voice low and menacing as he looked at Seth.

"I'm telling you that you're not going to touch her, or I'll whip your ass." Seth said, ever chivalrous.

"Get out. You're trespassing." Derrick said. "And take your filthy little whore with you."

"Fuck you, turd." Shayla said. "This is my house, too. You get the fuck out!"

"We'll see about that." said Derrick, taking out his cellphone. "I'm calling the police."

"Come on, Shayla, get dressed." Seth said. "We'll come back later... with reinforcements." He began gathering and putting on his own clothes. Shayla got dressed and they left the house together.

"Don't come back or I'll have you both arrested." yelled Derrick Belle, thinking he'd won.

Part 2 - The Crime Scene

The air at night was getting cooler as Laura and I sat on the back patio of the Mountain Nest. The kids were put to bed and my mom was in the house watching over them.

Laura's recovery had gone well, though it would be at least two more weeks and maybe a month before she could have full intercourse again. We were talking about things as we relaxed and enjoyed the night air, the view, and of course each other.

"You're starting to really get around again." I said. "But I'm getting very horny having to wait to have sex with you again."

"Mmmm, it's going to be sooo nice having you inside me again, but we do have to be patient and let everything heal up completely." said Laura. "Oh, and the early hormone therapy Dr. Muncie put me on has worked really well. I was getting really horny watching those football players working out today."

"Well, you take it easy." I said. "And get completely well... and then you can fuck their brains out and maybe get them to play better.."

"Well, I can still use my mouth... maybe I'll practice on your iron-hard prick tonight... just to keep in practice, of course." Laura said as we began kissing. Soon we'd be back inside and I'd be enjoying my wife's tremendous oral talents--

*BRING! BRING! BRING!*

It was my Police cellphone, which read '8:30pm', and the caller was Lieutenant Cindy Ross. This had better be good, I thought to myself as I answered.

"We've got a murder at--" she said, giving the address. "One Derrick Belle. Hit in the back of the head with a blunt object that Labcoat says might be a crowbar or something like it."

"Who have you assigned to the case?" I asked.

"Claire Michaels and Lorena Rose." Cindy said.

"You got it handled?" I asked, not really wanting to go out, and also knowing my team needed to work without me on occasion.

"With respect to the investigation, yes." Cindy replied. "But that's not why I called you. Your nephew Todd is here. He was one of the group that found the body..."

--------------------------------------

"Okay, Detectives Michaels and Rose, whaddya got?" I asked upon entering the house, which was in one of the better, though not the very best, gated subdivisions outside the northern part of Town.

"Derrick Belle, owner of the house." Claire said as I looked at the body. She, Lorena and Cindy were all in plainclothes. Derrick Belle was lying face down, the back of his head crushed in by a heavy, stick-like object. Certainly in this County a crowbar would come to mind.

I swiftly observed the body from head to boots, then looked around the room as Claire continued. "His wife, Shayla Belle, found him when she came back home. She was not alone, though; she had four young men with her. Apparently she and one of those guys were caught having sex this afternoon by our victim here, and they left but came back with reinforcements to get her clothes and stuff."

"Where are they all now?" I asked.

"On the back deck." said Lorena Rose. "Rudistan and Morton are keeping watch over them. One of them said he was your nephew and asked us to call you."

"Smart kid." I said. "So what have you observed and deduced from this crime scene, Detective Rose?" I asked, testing my youngest Detective J.G. I saw Cindy grimace, feeling sympathy for what Lorena was about to endure.

"He was hit in the back of the head by what was described as a heavy stick--"

"Like a crowbar." I said, using the word that she'd hesitated to use. "Well, I have an alibi. I hope you have one, Lieutenant Ross." I said, teasing my partner.

"Best one possible, an Assistant District Attorney." said Cindy, referring to her new lover, ADA Jenna Stiles.

"Okay, so has a murder weapon been found, Miss Rose?" I asked, steering the conversation back to the crime scene.

"No sir." said Lorena. "Not yet."

"The house doesn't seem to be torn apart." I said. "Doesn't look like a struggle took place."

"Yes sir." said Claire Michaels, an experienced Detective from L.A. "No skin under the fingernails or anything like that, either. We think he may have been surprised and ambushed."

"So tell me about the weather, Detective Rose." I said. I had a point in saying that.

"Sir?" Lorena replied, her pretty face a mask of confusion.

"The weather, Ms. Rose." I said. "Tell me about the weather."

"Er, the sun just set, it's clear outside. It rained early this afternoon, but that moved out."

"Very good." I said, then added upon seeing the looks upon their faces: "And I'm not trying to be facetious here, everyone; I have a reason for asking that. Do you see these slight traces of mud on the floor here?" I asked, pointing to some scrapings of dirt and a couple of small spheres.

"Yes sir." Rose said.

"But the bottoms of Mr. Belle's boots here are clean." I said. "What does that tell you?" Everyone was watching as Detective Rose got some huge on-the-job training.

"That he didn't track in the dirt?" Lorena replied.

"Yes, exactly." I said. "So it stands to reason that the mud came from Shayla or one of her friends.... or from the murderer."

"I'll go check and see how muddy the boys' shoes are." Cindy said as I opened the small coat closet in the hallway, in front of which I'd found the little dirtballs and trackings.

"Be sure to ask them if any of them stood in this closet." I said. "Look, see the little mudballs here?"

"I saw those." said 'Labcoat' of the CSI team as he took the first dirt sample into evidence. "I thought maybe someone put dirty shoes in there."

"Maybe." I said, "but photograph it and then take the dirt up for analysis. Take some reference samples from the front yard or any place where there is loose dirt around the house. See if this stuff matches." Labcoat got right on that.

I looked at the fireplace. The brass pokers were on the left side, between that closet and the fireplace proper. Derrick Belle was lying in the middle of the room; his feet were towards the fireplace; his head the other way, towards the front door.

"One of the fireplace pokers is missing." I said, pointing to a spot. "It's a set, and the largest poker isn't here. You can see by the ash spot there that there is a missing poker. Detective Rose, what does that suggest to you?"

"That the missing poker is the murder weapon?" Rose said. "We haven't found a poker anywhere else in the house.

"I won't be surprised to confirm at some point in time that the poker is the murder weapon." I said. I was glad Detective Rose was thinking so well on her feet at such a young age, especially when the Police Commander was relentlessly grilling her. " And as you implied, it does look as if the murderer took that weapon with him... or her."

"Okay, guys, y'all wrap this up." I said after another minute of observations. "Claire, Lorena, before I talk to those guys out back, tell me what their story was." 

Claire filled me in, and I condense the story for brevity here: Shayla and Seth had arrived at the house at around 5:00pm and gone to the bedroom and engaged in sex. About 6:00pm Derrick Belle had surprised them, and there was a verbal altercation. Seth and Shayla left, but around 8:00, as the sun was low in the sky, Seth and Shayla returned with three other guys to get Shayla's clothes and jewelry and such stuff. They found Belle on the floor, dead, when they arrived.

The names of Shayla's bodyguards, besides Seth: Todd Burke, Teddy Franklin, and Barry Oliver.

--------------------------------------

"Okay, Claire, you take Todd Burke into the back left corner of the backyard and interview him. Cindy, you take Teddy Franklin to the back right corner, and I'll take Barry Oliver. Make sure they understand they're giving affidavits and will have to sign under penalty of perjury." I said. "Lorena, keep Shayla and Seth on the back porch for now."

Taking Barry to the side, I gave him the legalities, then asked what happened.

Barry replied "We got here and went inside. The screen door was closed but the main door was open. Shayla's husband was lying on the floor, dead. I checked for a pulse but he was dead already. I told everyone to stand still and not touch anything, then I called the police."

"How is it that you came to be here in the first place?" I asked.

"Todd, Teddy and I were eating dinner together." said Barry. "We'd been working together all day on getting some stuff set up for our manufacturing. Seth called Todd around 7:15pm and we went to his place. He and Shayla were there. They wanted us to go with them to get Shayla's clothes and jewelry and stuff, so we did."

"Anyone armed?" I asked.

"You bet." Barry said. "You know I carry, and I just joined the Police Auxiliary. Lt. Ross has my gun right now."

"So you found Mr. Belle dead." I asked. "As a former police scientist, what can you tell me about the scene?"

"Good bit of blood on the floor from the wound. I think he died due to bleeding out rather than the blow itself, but that's a guess. I didn't check very much, but the neck was stiff, so I think he'd been dead for a little while. As you know, sir, rigor mortis starts in the jaw and head area and works down over several hours."

"Yes." I said. "Anything else you can tell me?" I asked as I finished writing the notes. Barry shook his head, and I had him sign the affidavit. Moments later, I had affidavits from all the guys. I scanned them quickly, finding their stories to match in every particular.

"Okay, Cindy," I said. "Tell these three amigos to get their butts out of here, but to stay in Town and notify the Police Department if they do have need to travel. You can give Barry his weapon back, too."

"Wilco." she replied. "What about Seth and Shayla."

"Oh, they're coming to the Station with us." I said. "Separate interrogations."

Part 3 - Interrogations

The clock in Interrogation-A showed 3:58am as I watched the interview inside. Shayla Belle had called Jeanine Olivet Burke in as her attorney. Seth had Tina Felton with him.

This had created an interesting situation just after we began interrogating them, when Shayla told Cindy and Claire that she knew her husband had filed for divorce and that she'd retained Jeanine as her divorce attorney. At that point I had to go into Interrogation-A earlier than I had wanted to.

"Mrs. Belle," I said, "I need to inform you that you might later want Mrs. Burke to answer questions on your behalf. In that case, I'd advise you that you might want to get someone else as your representation." Jeanine said something to Shayla, but Shayla said she was fine with her current legal eagle.

I had Claire and Cindy interrogate Shayla exhaustively, keeping the now-widow awake and exhausted as they questioned her in every way possible, going back over things. I then peeked into Interrogation-B, where Martin Nash and Teddy Parker, whom I'd called in, were doing the same with Seth Warner. Now, at the end of the road, it was my turn to make the final push. I went for Shayla first, coming in and letting Cindy leave.

"Okay, Mrs. Belle," I said, "I know it's been a long evening, so I want to wrap this up. To clarify, you were having sex with Seth when your husband came in, yes?"

"Yes sir." Shayla said.

"And that was at 5:00pm, give or take?"

"Yes sir, that's when we got to the house." Shayla said. "My husband walked in on us about an hour later."

"So you say that your husband acted as if he was going to physically assault you, but Seth got between you and your husband?"

"Yes sir, but Seth never touched him. Derrick backed off."

"So you and Seth left, went to his place and talked, then went and got friends to go with you to get clothes?" I asked, setting a trap.

"Uh, we were at Seth's place, but he called his friends and they came over." Shayla replied, being consistent and avoiding my trap. "Then we all went over to my house and found Derrick on the floor, dead."

"Okay...." I said, then after a pause, pretending to read my notes, "... so you say here that your husband had filed for divorce?"

"Yes sir, some weeks ago." Shayla replied.

"When and how did you find out?" I asked. "When you were served with the papers?"

"I found out before the papers were served, from a friend, Nora Larrington." Shayla said. "She works at the Courthouse and saw the papers when they were being filed. That's when I went and hired Jeanine, here."

Nora Larrington had one side note of notoriety: she was Goth Girl Kathy's mother.

"Can I have your permission to ask your attorney about this situation?" I asked. Jeanine whispered to Shayla, but Shayla said "No, it's okay, you can talk to him." Jeanine then proceeded to confirm that she'd been retained by Shayla, that she'd filed counterclaims to Derrick's divorce filings, which sought to cut off Shayla completely without any settlement, division of property or alimony from him.

"And you said you knew that your husband had changed his will and disinherited you?" I asked.

"Yes sir." Shayla said. "He made a point to show me a copy of his new will."

"And where is the original copy of that will?" I asked.

"With his lawyer, I guess." said Shayla.

"Good enough. So, to make sure I have this in my head straight... from six to seven o'clock, give or take, you and Seth were alone?" I asked.

"Yes sir." said Shayla.

"What did you discuss?" I asked.

"The divorce, how much I hated the bastard. After we made out for a while, I thanked him for standing up for me and protecting me by giving him a blowjob." Shayla said, discussing her sexual actions with Seth as if they'd been no more than talking on the telephone.

"After he came in my mouth," Shayla continued, her face unperturbed by the lewdness of her words, but not throwing them at us either, "Seth said that we needed to get my stuff out of the house before Derrick stole or threw everything out. That's when he called his friends..."

-----------------------------------

"We're not going to arrest them?" Lorena Rose asked when I came out from interviewing Seth. It was almost 5:00am. Seth had also told us without being prompted that Shayla had given him head while they were alone.

"No," I said. "I've told them to stay in Town, but why should we arrest them?" I was testing my young Detective.

"Sir..." Lorena said, discombobulated by lack of sleep and amazement, "... she's the deceased's estranged wife, she was caught in bed with the other guy we have here..."

"And what actual evidence do you have that they committed the crime?" I asked.

"Uh... er... well, none yet, but..."

"Detective Rose," I said, "I understand what you're thinking." I said. "But so far, their stories match and we're going to need more proof. Now head on home and get some rest."
