 We had been on a night out for Sally's Birthday, plenty of drink and laughs but the end had come all too quickly. Both Sally and I were fairly drunk, with drunkenness comes confidence and horniness, which meant, as we stood waiting for our taxi, it was not long before we were kissing and hands were starting to wonder. It was a lovely warm night bathed in white light from the almost full moon in the clear sky. Sally wore a mid thigh length skirt and red top. Her top was a v cut style which showed some cleavage from her 36c breasts. It was also backless, meaning it was not possible to wear a bra. Thankfully it did have a double layer of material to keep the girls safe from falling out and to stop her nipples being on show, although I still saw them making an occasional appearance throughout the night. 

Our turn for the taxi eventually came and we bundled in giving the driver our address and the preferred route. The other way is longer and costs more money. We settled in the back seat as the driver made his way through the streets filled with drunken people. Before long we picked up speed as we headed home. 

Without even realising I had my hand on my Sally's leg, I realised I had slid it up inside her skirt, and my fingers were brushing her knickers. Sally did not try and prevent me so I took that as approval to continue. I started rubbing her sensitive area with my fingers as drove along, kissing her as I did. 

We stopped at some traffic lights and I noticed the taxi driver had adjusted the mirror down and was watching my hand. I also noticed that Sally's skirt had bunched up so it was likely he could probably see my hand rubbing her. I could feel a damp patch forming on the front of her knickers so I knew she was enjoying the attention. Maybe because we were distracting him or maybe he wanted the time to last longer, the driver took the long route option. I commented on his mistake and he apologised, then out of the blue he suggested rather than cash payment for the trip he would like Sally's knickers as the fare. We were both taken back by this. I quickly realised the fare would be far more than replacing the knickers so quickly agreed. Sally gave me a look which was mixed with horror and disgust and I just smiled back and mouthed cheaper to her. 

I reached around her and pushed her skirt higher to allow me access to her waist band of her knickers. I slowly started to pull them down, she had to lift off the seat to allow them to slide over her bottom. I slid them down her legs and she lifted each leg to allow them to come off over her heels. I glanced up and could see her skirt was bunched up around her waist and she was fully exposed. I just stared at her hairless vagina and I knew the driver would be enjoying the view. Last year Sally had won a course of laser hair removal and not being particularly hairy she opted to have her bikini line done. However she ended up having all hair removed so she was totally smooth and hair free which I loved. I reached forward with Sally's damp knickers and passed them through the gap to the driver. He pressed a button his computer and the fair cancelled. 

I slid my hands between her legs and started rubbing again, this time my hands started to moisten with her juices and it was not long before I was dipping my tips into her entrance. I was now on heat, knowing the driver was watching my every move spurred me on ever more. I wanted to strip Sally naked and make love to her on the back seat. However I happened to notice we were approaching a play park which if you cut through 2 minute walk saves about 12 minutes in the car. Plus I did not want the driver knowing where we lived and then demanding money. I asked the driver to stop which he reluctantly did. The driver kept his word and did not try and charge us and drove off with Sally's damp knickers for company. 

With moonlight for company we walked hand in hand into the park, it is mostly grass and heels and grass don't miss so Sally slipped them off and walked barefooted. In the centre of the park is a large play area which has a kind of open topped castle in the middle. I pulled Sally towards the castle and peered inside, it was empty and secluded a perfect place to continue some fun. I pulled the reluctant Sally inside and started to passionately kiss her, my hand found a breast through her top and I gently squeezed and rubbed it waking her nipples up instantly. I did my best to lower her top down to expose her breasts but she was worried someone would see. Plus why should only she be naked and exposed. I asked if she would feel better if I was undressed which she agreed it might. 

Right there in the park I stripped everything off except my boxer shorts. She stood smiling looking at the tent my erect penis had made them into. Them too she simply said nodding downwards. Nervously I slid them down and stepped out of them. I stood before her totally naked. 

My nerves or embarrassment not showing through my obvious excitement. Sally picked up my clothes and shoes and moved them to the other side of the structure. It was not far maybe 10 steps but it made the nakedness seem even more. As soon as she came back I was on her. I had planned to do nothing more than kiss and maybe fondle but now I was naked I wanted to insert. My hands found the straps to her top and I pulled them down in lust, exposing her lovely pert breasts. My mouth latched on to one sucking hungrily then switched to the other. Sally's hand found its way into my penis and was slowly pulling the skin back and forward. With two free hands it was easy to locate and undo her clip on her skirt and within moments it fell to the floor. I then pulled her top down over her hips and let it drop to the floor. We were both naked outside in the play park. The moon lit us both up and if we were outside the castle we would be seen for some distance. 

My fingers start to probe, sliding two into her very wet pussy whilst my other hand pulling her bottom cheeks apart and applying pressure to her very tight hole, I know this drives her wild. My mouth was still alternating between her breasts sucking on her erect nipples. Before long she started to pull my penis towards her very wet entrance, lifting a leg up around my waist to give easier access. Not surprisingly I was able to slide into her with ease but being tight I still needed to apply pressure to get all the way in. I thrust in and out a few times kissing her as I did. My hands on her bottom pulling her in and again pressing against her back entrance. In one movement she lifted her leg over and twisted around and moved into doggy style. I love this position as I get to fondle her hanging breasts whilst thrusting in and out of her. Out of the corner of my eye I thought I detected movement on top of the castle walls, I decided it must have been a cat and decided not to mention it. 

Before long I felt myself building to explode inside of her, not wanting this experience to be over so quickly I pulled her up right and ran my hands down towards her pussy and started playing with her clitoris. With my penis deep inside of her, one hand squeezing her breasts and the other playing with her clitoris she was soon squirming and I could sense she was close. I looked down her amazing body drinking in how the moon lit her up, seeing the beads of sweat forming as she got ever closer. 

With one long moan she orgasmed, pushing back hard on my penis to intensify the feeling. The increased deepness and watching her orgasm was too much for me, I felt my own building and within seconds I was pumping my sperm deep inside her. We held the embrace allowing the feelings to subside twisting our necks to kiss. I pulled out and almost immediately we heard a noise outside the castle. 

We quickly looked out and saw a man running down the hill from the top of the castle towards the exist. I shouted and he turned around shouting back that he enjoyed the show and has some great footage. It was the taxi driver from earlier. Being naked I could not run after him and watched in despair as he left the park with unknown pictures. We looked at each other naked fully lit by the moon knowing he would have seen everything. There was nothing we could do about it and the thought was quite a turn on. We pulled on our clothes and decided to go to the top of the castle to see what kind of view he had. There at the top it was clear he had a perfect view and would have seen everything. We then spotted something on the floor which turned out to be Sally's knickers. He had clearly enjoyed the show as he had come into her knickers. 

We decided we could not leave them there for people to find the next day so picked them up by the edge to find the nearest bin. However at that moment my sperm started to slide out of Sally, having nothing else to hand, Sally without thinking pushed the knickers against her naked vagina to stop dripping on the floor. With one hand between her legs, skirt lifted up slightly we headed out if the park and back home. Once outside the knickers now very wet from both deposits were disposed of at the first bin. When we got home Sally had a shower to wash away the cum and the mud from her feet. 

We talked about our experience the next day and joked about the possible photos but after a few days it became a distant memory. However a week later we came home to an envelope on the door mat. We opened it up and there in full page prints were various photos of us leaving nothing to the imagination. We could clearly be identified in the photos. One shot looked like we were posing for the camera looking right down the lens. Every part of our bodies were captured from my erect penis to Sally's shaved smooth vagina. We suddenly realised that we had given our address when we got in the taxi. With the photos, a typed note. Reading through it gave a list of orders, explaining that we would be picked up by taxi on Friday night at 10pm from home. We were to wear certain clothes and do certain things otherwise the photos would be published on the internet. It also suggested a few drinks before hand to build up the courage. 

Friday night came, dressed as instructed we climbed into the back of the taxi waiting for the first order.......

The end