 ~~Thanks for the nice reception with my first story. I tried to make this one longer, though it's still fairly short. Please remember to vote and I love receiving comments and feedback. Thanks!





Tina had a long hard day at work, she was looking forward to going home and cuddling up on the couch with her lover. She wanted a glass of wine in one hand, the TV remote in the other, and some awesome action movie on TV. Tina wasn't like a lot of other girls she knew, she loved action flicks, fights, sports, and many other things that were considered manly.

Tina met Michael at the grocery store one day, she was browsing the different kid cereals, trying to decide if she wanted one with marshmallows or one with the fruity flavors she loved so much. She decided to get both, life is short, right? Anyway, after putting her food into her shopping cart she looked up and saw him come around the corner.

"Wow! I have to meet him!" she thought to herself.

There was this gorgeous man, with no ring I might add, walking towards her at the store. She struck up a conversation and the rest is history, as they say.

As she was driving home she received a text from Michael saying that he was going to be late. "Damn," she thought, I guess I'll have to get started without him, that's another thing that separated her from many other women, she loved to masturbate and she wasn't ashamed to admit it. 

Tina arrived home and decided that she needed something special tonight, she definitely earned it. It was Friday so she thought that maybe they could stay up late and then sleep in and have a nice lazy Saturday. Walking through her house, Tina was trying to decide what she wanted to do first.

"I could pull something out of the freezer and get dinner started." "Hmm, maybe I could start a fire in the fireplace and just curl up on the couch with that glass of wine first." Tina always spoke to herself out loud, a habit she started when her older siblings moved out and she felt lonely in the big quiet house. 

Walking over to the gas fireplace, she was happy that at the push of a button, she could have a nice relaxing fire. In her opinion, there was nothing more relaxing than a nice hot fire, wine, and the one you love. 

She then went into her bedroom and took off her clothes, wrapping up in only her soft silk robe. Nothing feels better than smooth silk on naked skin. Well, maybe someone else's smooth naked skin against your own. 

Going back into the living room, she grabbed her glass of wine and the remote. But when she sat down on the couch, she decided she just wanted to sit and enjoy the fire with no distractions. After awhile she was so relaxed, her thoughts went to Michael and how much she missed him. They were both working tons of overtime lately and just weren't connecting like they used to.

She laid her head back on the back of the couch and let her mind wander. Last time they were together, it was a Sunday afternoon and they only had time for a quickie, but she loved quickies. There was something about the white hot passion that seemed to only show up during an intense, but short, love making session. Her pussy started to get wet just thinking back to that day.

He had just gotten out of the shower and was toweling dry in the bedroom when she walked in to tell him she needed to head back to the office for a quick meeting. Her breath caught at the sight of him, he was taller than her and a few years older, but he was still in pretty good shape. They both enjoyed the outdoors, going on hikes, riding bikes, running together. 

His back was to her so she could drink her fill of him, his dark brown hair, sculpted back, round butt cheeks flexing as he began to squat down to the floor. Her eyes went back up to his head and saw him looking over his shoulder at her, a gleam in his eye from catching her checking him out.

Michael's heart started beating faster at the look on her face, he missed her, he wanted her. He slowly stood up and turned towards her.

"Baby, I miss you. We need to spend more time together."

"I know, Sweetie, but we are both so busy."

"We have time, don't we?" with a wink he quickly strode towards her and took her into his arms.

"I only have 15 minutes." She quickly squeaked out as his lips descended onto hers. 

He scooped her up and carried her to the bed, this would be fast but it's something they both needed, wanted, craved. Lifting up her skirt, he grabbed her thong and quickly pulled it down. She didn't have time to protest, not that she wanted to, she loved how hot she got when he took control like this.

Michael dropped her thong to the floor, then bent down and licked her sweet pussy lips, inhaling her scent of arousal as he did so. Tina moaned her delight and spread her legs wider for him. He thrust his tongue into her pussy as far as it would go and she jumped from surprise and pleasure.

"Oh Michael, don't stop, it feels so good!"

He grinned to himself and then removed his tongue and replaced it with his finger. Her passage was so tight, his cock throbbed in response to the sensation. His tongue moved up and began flicking her clit. She started moving, thrusting her hips up into his face, gasping while her moans became louder.

She was so wet, so hot, and just for him. He stood up, aimed his throbbing penis at her center and quickly thrust inside her. They both gasped at the same time, both realizing what each was missing with their long hours of work.

Quickly thrusting in and out of her, he knew he would be fast due to his excitement and lack of any action lately. Michael knew Tina needed to come just as badly as he did, so he launched an assault on her. One hand was rubbing and pinching her clit while the other grabbed and twisted her nipple just like she liked it. And his mouth was on the other nipple, nibbling lightly while he sucked on the hard nub. 

Tina was crying out, the pleasure was almost too much to bear, she felt the buildup of her orgasm and she couldn't help but cry out "Michael, I'm going to cum, cum with me, please!" 

That's all it took, he shot his load deep inside her pussy and at the same time he let go of the nipple he was sucking on and passionately kissed her mouth. Tina came instantly, her whole body shuddering, her breath catching, and her eyes rolled back into the back of her head.

Panting, she came back to earth and opened her eyes looking at Michael looking down at her with a big smile on his face. "I love you, Baby."

"I love you too, Sweetie. This is just what I needed, thank you."

"My pleasure, Tina, I promise."

Tina was back in the present and beyond horny, thinking of her last sexual encounter, she needed release again, it's just what she had been missing. Standing up on slightly wobbly legs, she realized that she must have orgasmed during her fantasy, then laughing she noticed her wet fingers. "Yep, must have been playing with myself while remembering that day." She said out loud to her empty house. Smiling to herself, she knew just where to go and what to do to give her the satisfaction she needed. 

She walked into the bathroom and started the hot water. As the water was heating up, she removed her robe and looked at herself in the mirror. "Not bad," she thought as she looked at herself. She is about 5'5" and 125 pounds, size 34B not big but not tiny. She was in shape, thanks to her love of exercise and activities with Michael. 

She couldn't help it, she needed to be touched, needed to cum, cum hard, and cum often. Her left hand started caressing one nipple while her right hand traveled down to her pleasure center. She was shaved except for a little triangle of trimmed hair. 

She remembered the running water, checked it and adjusted the temperature. When it was ready she stepped into the shower and turned around in a circle, wanting, no needing to feel the warm water all over. Grabbing the bar of soap she began lathering up her body, enjoying her hands traveling over her skin.

Feeling naughty, she reached for the removable shower head and lowered it to her hard nipples. The warm water felt amazing against her aching flesh. The water was racing down towards her swollen clit, reminding her of her destination. 

Slowly, what felt like hours but were mere seconds, she lowered the fast rushing water to her hard clit. She was already trembling due to the pleasure, and the water wasn't even at full force yet. Taking a deep breath, she aimed it directly at her clit. A climax immediately hit her; it was so intense that she dropped down to her knees. 

Her heart was beating so fast, she thought it might burst right through her chest. She felt amazing, she definitely needed that orgasm. 

Michael came home, called out to Tina and when he got no answer, he went searching for her. He heard the shower on so he thought he would see if Tina wanted some company. He hurried into their bedroom and stripped off his clothes. 

He slowly opened the door to the bathroom, so she wouldn't hear him, and snuck in. He could see her silhouette on the floor of the shower and he became alarmed. Pulling back the curtain, he realized that there was no need for alarm, as she had the showerhead aimed at her pussy once again.

Tina was shaking all over, her breathing was fast and hard and her moans quickly became screams of pleasure. Michael was so hard, he thought he would cum just from the sight of her pleasing herself. He couldn't believe that just a few months ago he was the one that showed her the pleasure of the showerhead, never having experienced it before. 

Climbing into the shower behind her, Michael knelt down and slipped his arm around her waist. Tina tensed and then relaxed, realizing her lover had come home and was ready to join her. Just as she raised her head up to greet him, another climax hit. Screaming her release, all Michael could do was hold her and revel in the sounds of her ecstasy.

During Tina's climax she dropped the showerhead, water was spraying everywhere but she was completely unaware, hanging lax in Michael's arms. He reached around and picked up the showerhead, then used it to rinse the soap off her back. She completely forgot to finish rinsing herself when the need came to climax.

He rubbed her back lovingly and whispered words of love in her ear as she slowly came down from that earth shattering climax.

"I love you, Sweetie!" she said to him.

"I love you too, Babe. What a wonderful sight to come home to, thank you."

"I just couldn't wait for you any longer."

"I'm glad you didn't, that was amazing to watch, and maybe next time we can film you pleasing yourself so we can watch it again later." 

She laughed and said "hmm...that sounds like fun."

Michael leaned over and kissed her passionately. Her lips were so soft and supple, he loved kissing her. She moaned into his mouth as his hand reached around her and started playing with her nipple. Her breasts were on the small side, but they were firm and fit perfectly in his hand.

He pinched and twisted her nipples, taking turns with each one, while his other hand brought the showerhead back to her pussy. 

As the water hit her again, she leaned back into him, her body began to spasm against him which trapped his cock between then rubbing him sensuously. He was so hard, he needed her now.

Moving the spray from her pussy, he released her nipple and used that hand to aim is cock toward her pussy. He slammed into her, he was so hot he couldn't take this slow, it was going to be hard and fast. She cried out her pleasure and pushed back against him.

She leaned forward and put both hands on the ground, he was pounding into her from behind yet he still held the showerhead. Tina wanted him to move faster, so she reached up and took the showerhead from him.

"Faster, Baby!" she screamed at him.

So he used both hands to hold onto her hips and started slamming into her, she was screaming in pleasure, her walls were grabbing onto his cock, wanting to squeeze his cum from him. It felt so good, he started grunting and moaning along with her.

"I'm going to cum, Baby, aim that water at your pussy again and cum with me!" he demanded.

She complied readily, her pussy walls contracted as her climax hit and she screamed his name. He came as he heard his name, he felt the climax from his toes to the top of his head. Pure bliss.

Slumped over her prone body, he realized that she passed out from the intense pleasure. He slid out of her moist heat and reached over to turn off the shower. Standing up, he lifted her easily and carried her into their bedroom. She began to wake up as he wrapped her up into their blankets and he whispered to her.

"Shh, Baby, sleep."

Tina allowed herself to relax back into oblivion, completely relaxed and spent.

Yes, they definitely needed that.