 When my girlfriend informed me at lunch that her gal friends had pitched in and bought us a three-year anniversary gift of a mini trip to Hawaii, I could barely contain my excitement. I had been saving money to take her on a getaway and with her friends' surprise offering it looked like I could really make things special. 

Two weeks later, after a humid evening trip to LAX from our apartment in Walnut via the back seats of a taxi van, we put Southern California behind us and cruised comfortably at 30,000 feet. We passed the hours of flight by flipping through travel brochures, listening to music via Bluetooth headphones and my aging iPod Touch, laughing quietly over inside jokes and a few naps.

When we deplaned in Honolulu, we boarded a boat to our resort destination: Hanalei Colony on Kauai. The views were stunning as the sun played over the ocean and when we arrived we both noticed the mountains and golden shoreline. It didn't take us long to grab the keys to our oceanfront suite, toss our luggage aside and crash for a few hours of rest.

She woke me in the middle of the night, the breeze blowing ocean and floral scents through the rooms. I had stripped to my boxer briefs before falling onto the bed and she got my eyes to open, a smile on my face, by nuzzling my neck playfully. Her lips grazing near my chin gave me gooseflesh and I reached out to touch her but she scooted off the bed.

"Get up. You have to see this."

I crawled off the bed and followed her from the small deck onto the beach. The moon was just above the mountains, its glow cast mystically on the tops of the waves. 

"Beautiful," I whispered.

"Come on, let's walk in the surf."

"I don't have any clothes on, unlike you," I laughed. She had thrown on a tank and shorts before passing out after our arrival. 

She grabbed my hands and looked around. "No one will see anything. Come on!"

Hand-in-hand we walked down to the water's edge and started heading away from the resort, the waves rolling gently in to shore and wetting our feet and ankles. The air was warm and I was feeling amorous.

"I have always wanted to make love on a beach," she announced, catching me in my thoughts. "Make love to me?"

"Pick the spot," I offered as we were now out of sight of the resort altogether.

She led me just up from the waterline before sinking to her knees in the sand. I tried to kneel, but she stopped me. Her hands moved instantly to my boxers and she rubbed my cock, teasing it to a pleasant, tingling erection. As I stiffened, it was all I could do to remain standing. She pulled the boxers down to my ankles, then grasped my cock and ran her tongue over the shaft before gently placing the head between her lips. Her tongue played with me, warm and slick as it caressed me. She cupped my balls in one hand while she guided my cock in her other, taking more and more of it as she began sliding it deeper into her mouth. She had never been this eager before and I enjoyed the way she grew even more excited when the first wave washed far enough to wet her waist. 

She reached around and placed both of her hands on my bare ass, her mouth consuming my erect, pulsing dick and motioned me to move with her. I cupped the side of her head gently and began pumping between her lips, the pre cum and saliva mixing into a warm lube. When she sucked harder, I thought I might lose control prematurely over how incredible it felt.

We were lost in the moment when I heard a splash and something slide onto the sand about 200 feet to our left. The moon had dipped behind the mountains and in the starlight I could make nothing out. I stopped, slipping my cock from my girlfriend's hot grasp and placed a finger on her lips to motion her to be quiet. She giggled.

"No need to stop," a husky male voice stated in the dark. "Just finished a swim and happened upon ya. Apologies."

I cleared my throat. "Yeah, okay. We thought we were alone. You just startled me is all."

He emerged from the shadows moving closer, a native guy with tats common to many Polynesian males. He was muscularly built, more so than I. When he got within ten feet I noticed he was nude. My girlfriend laughed nervously.

"If you don't mind me saying, the two of you looked absolutely stunning from my viewpoint."

"Did we?"

I looked down at my girlfriend when she answered him, once again caught off guard. It was the tone of her voice. Was that desire I heard?

"I couldn't turn my eyes away," he answered. "Or take my hand off my cock."

Our relationship had always been one of openness and exploration and I knew my girlfriend had expressed a curiosity in my previous stories of living in a threesome a year after college. Two guys willing to share each other and a girl willing to share them both yet remain friends was rare. We'd always been safe and the encounters between me and the male roommate had been limited to oral pleasure. It had still aroused my girlfriend when I admitted it all to her even though we'd agreed that was my past and we were monogamous.

I saw her eyes now as she knelt on the sand, gentle waves lapping in and out, track to his penis. I followed her gaze. He was hung and it made me a little jealous wondering if she'd rather have him than me.

"I think your man here is beautiful," he said.

I looked at his face and saw nothing but honesty. I was admittedly embarrassed that I felt instantly aroused. I knew my girlfriend could sense it as well.

"I'd like to have you join us," I heard her quietly say. She caught my attention. "And I want you to show me what it was like, to be in a threesome, right here in the waves."

"I don't know if..."

She cut me off. "Please."

I looked at the guy and saw him nod to her, then look at me. "I am all yours."

I got down on my knees, motioned for him to join us both on the sand. He did, rolling onto his side facing us both. I saw part of a wave wash over his legs and waist, then recede, and I knew what I wanted...and what would please her the most.

I took her hand and moved her body, positioning her up next to his head. I positioned myself so that they both could have access to my waist and leaned over, taking his cock in my palm and began stroking it. My girlfriend watched, her eyes wide, as I began to rhythmically tug in a playful manner that immediately got him rock hard and elicited a groan from his throat.

I looked at her face, her smile and returned it. She moved her crotch against the side of his face and her fingers found her clit. His tongue darted out and licked at her pussy. I watched, fascinated.

She played with herself as he began probing deeper with his tongue and I felt my cock stiffen in response. I was throbbing with every heartbeat and my palm was greased well with his pre cum. As my girlfriend gave him more access, I leaned farther over him and swallowed his cock. 

His hips bucked as I pressed the entirety of his thick shaft in, relaxing my throat to take him all. I slid his length out slowly, tongued the head, then pressed my lips over him again and again. I increased the pressure of my lips and sucked him as he pleasured my girlfriend with his mouth.

I heard the telltale sounds that she was near to an explosive orgasm. I watched, his cock sliding back and forth in my mouth, over my tongue, faster and harder, as she rocked and ground on his now-buried face. She arched her back as a larger wave washed over us all and I could tell she had come so hard that her female ejaculate had filled his mouth.

His hips began thrusting against me when she rolled off of him. I allowed him to control how quickly his cock rammed between my lips. I felt him shudder, once, knowing he was close to blowing his load as well. I inserted my middle finger into his anus and massaged his prostate as he moved wildly, his body quivering in ecstasy. Suddenly he tensed and I held his shaft tightly with my free hand as his jizz filled my throat in a blast. Swallowing, I let my throat surround the tip of his cock as he unloaded. 

As he relaxed, I let him slip from my lips and rinsed my mouth in the salty ocean water. He was breathing heavily and his excitement had merely made my cock ache with need. My girlfriend sat transfixed, taking in the whole scene and recovering herself.

"Wow," she said, looking at both of us men. "How did that feel...for you, I mean?"

"Incredible," he answered. 

I nodded, a little out of breath. I was rock hard and there was no hiding it.

She pushed me onto my back, the water surrounding us and receding over and over again, my head safely above the waterline. I watched as she straddled me, then she guided my erection into her hot, wet pussy.

She ground against me until I couldn't take anymore and began pumping into her. She held on, moving with me as we both reached the point of climax. I let go in an explosive jettison of cum and felt the walls of her vagina tighten as she had a double orgasm. 

Afterwards, we three laid on the beach completely sated.

"Would you like to stay with us tonight?" I offered the stranger who'd joined our lovemaking.

"The offer is tempting, but I work here at the resort and that would likely get me fired," he admitted.

Sometime before dawn he must have slipped away while my girlfriend and I slept. I woke to distant sounds of a new day, woke her and we sneaked back to our suite partially clothed once again.

We never saw the stranger in the five days we enjoyed the island getaway. He never appeared in the gardens or spa areas. 

The night before our flight home my girlfriend approached me. "I enjoyed what we had here, but would you mind keeping it just you and I moving forward?"

"Whatever makes you most comfortable," I said. "I told you that was all in my past and had no intention of bringing it into our relationship until you asked for it that night on the beach."

She smiled.

"Okay, you passed the test," she said, laughing. "But I think I am open to trying it again...you were that hot."