 Wednesday evening I realized I hadn't packed the power cord to my laptop and headed back to the office. I noticed that my boss's office light was still on and stepped just inside to turn it off. Before I had a chance to turn off the light I noticed that Dave was still at his desk. I almost called out to him when I realized what he was doing. He was fixated on a picture of me and one of my friends from work while he masturbated furiously. I couldn't look away. Seeing his hand work his erect penis up and down was mesmerizing. I began to become aroused myself. I almost lost my balance before I caught myself on the credenza. Dave must have heard me because he immediately turned his head and began to get up. I turned and hurried out of the office, not saying a word in response to his call. 

Driving home I couldn't get the picture of him masturbating out of my head. Then it occurred to me that he was thinking of me as he stared at my picture. I assumed most of the women at the office were attracted to Dave and I was not immune. He was tall dark, handsome and married, just my type. The revelation that he was attracted to me got me wet. Dave was off limits, he wasn't the sort to cheat on his wife Kelly. In fact, Kelly was the one who got me the job with Dave. I assumed she figured I was safe. I was suddenly feeling very unsafe. 

As soon as I got home I couldn't help but masturbate as I imagined Dave making love to me. I repeated the fantasy all night, I could barely sleep. By the next morning I was so tired I decided to call in sick. I couldn't bring myself to going to work on Friday either and decided to take the whole weekend off, I would have to deal with Dave on Monday. 

Ironically, Kelly had called the office on Friday looking for me and was told I was out sick. She called me, the whole time I imagined making love to Dave. I felt so guilty. She had trusted me and without realizing it I had somehow managed to get involved with her husband. 

On Monday I couldn't face Dave. He was in his office, but instead of going in and talking about what had happened I sent him an instant message.

Me: Sorry about missing work last week.

Dave: If anyone should apologize it should be me, sorry.

Dave: I am completely mortified. I am really sorry.

Me: The hardest part for me is my relationship with Kelly.

Dave: What do you mean?

Me: It is just awkward?

Dave: How so?

I couldn't help slipping my hand between my legs as I talked to Dave. All I could think about was how his penis would feel inside of me. I slipped my finger inside as I imagined making love to him. 

Me: Well... the next time I am talking to her I will feel guilty.

Of course right now I was hoping Dave would call me into his office, bend me over his desk so I could really have something to feel guilty about. 

Dave: Oh, you didn't do anything wrong, it was ALL me, sorry.

"You have no idea." I thought to myself.

Me: I can't help but be flattered that you think of me sexually. I have to admit it is a real turn on, but the fact that it turns me on is almost a betrayal of my friendship with Kelly. I know it is stupid, but it is true.

Me: But you have no idea how depressed I have been. I saw a doctor just last week. It is embarrassing how important just knowing that at least one man in this world, even one married to my friend who is also my boss, is attracted to me. Thank you.

Me: I talked to Kelly on Friday.

Dave: Oh, really? What did you say?

Me: LOL, don't worry. The whole time we talked the only thing I could think of was the two of you making love.

Dave: Really?

Me: But you were thinking of me. Kelly had no idea. I guess that is why I felt guilty.

Me: Have you ever thought about me when you were having sex with Kelly?

When Dave didn't say anything I realized he had. I had so many questions. How long had you been thinking of me? How frequently? Do you want to do it now? Why didn't you just tell me how you felt? Why haven't you made your move? The questions were on the tips of my fingers, but I couldn't ask them. 

Dave: I thought so. ☺

Me: Are you staying late tonight?

Dave: I wasn't planning on it.

Me: I thought if you were, you might let me watch.

When Dave didn't respond I knew he wanted to. He just needed some help. 

Me: I didn't get to see you finish, I want to see you cum, just once. Please.

Dave didn't respond. For some reason I was pissed at Dave for not taking responsibility for his feelings. How cowardly was he I thought. I didn't give him the time of day for the rest of the week. Finally he sent me an instant message.

Dave: Are you mad at me? I am sorry if I upset you.

Me: Yes.

Dave: I am sorry.

Me: I am not asking you to do something you haven't done before. We both know the truth. My request was simple and I don't know why you won't let me watch.

Dave: I can't do that to Kelly.

Me: Do what?

Dave: I can't be involved with another woman.

Me: Involved?

Me: We aren't involved. Fantasies are normal. Let me watch.

Dave: Okay.

Me: I'll be right in. 

I could hardly contain my excitement. I jumped up and stepped inside Dave's office, locking the door behind me. I didn't want anyone catching Dave having intercourse with me. Dave didn't realize it, but he was about to make love to me. 

Dave was sitting on the couch as he pulled out his flaccid penis. Once he began to massage it I unbuttoned my blouse so that he could see my bra. He responded immediately. His penis was almost fully erect as he began jacking off. He was staring into my eyes and I couldn't help but get completely aroused myself. My nipples were erect and I unclasped my bra so that he could see. 

I wanted his penis inside of me. I moved to the couch and put my hand on his leg and whispered, "Promise me that the next time you cum inside of Kelly you will be thinking of me." Dave didn't respond with his voice, but his body responded. His cock got harder and his tempo increased. He was turned on and I could tell it. Just a little more and he was mine. 

I grabbed his hand, my forefinger resting on the tip of his penis. He immediately stopped. I repeated, "Promise me". Dave finally agreed, but my hand lingered. He didn't seem to mind when I began rubbing the tip of his penis with my finger. Slowly of course, but when I asked, "Does that feel good." He couldn't say anything, just nodded awkwardly. 

Taking his queue, I kept rubbing his penis and asked, "Do you want me to stop?" I couldn't resist putting my own finger inside of my pussy as I waited for a response. I was so wet. Finally I said, "If you want me to keep going, just move your hand."

I almost laughed when he moved his hand so quickly. I grasped his cock in my hand and began rubbing it, slowly at first. I thought about Kelly sitting at home waiting for Dave to return, but I didn't feel guilty. All I could imagine was Dave's cock inside of my pussy. I asked Dave, "I don't think it is going to be hard for you to think about me the next time you fuck Kelly?" He didn't respond. 

I wasn't sure what my next move would be, but I was certain Dave was going to let me call the shots. Without really thinking about it I let go of him and threw my leg over his lap. I was on my knees staring directly into his eyes and said, "Or maybe you need a little more help?"

I struggled with my skirt to lift it over his erect penis, but once it was over I could feel the tip of his cock against my pussy. I didn't waste any time sliding his cock inside of me. Just as I felt him enter me I realized that I must be ovulating. I am in my VERY fertile time of the month, he needs to wear a condom. I started to say something about it when instead I asked, "This is what you wanted, isn't it?"

Dave, in a way that convinced me he was serious, said, "Yes."

I was about to tell him he needed to pull out so I could put a condom on him when I felt him cumming inside of me. I almost jumped off of him, but I decided I would leave it to fate.