 This story is different than others I've written in that I don't use real "dialogue"; I hope it isn't too hard to read this way.

This is just fantasy. I've never done anything like this, nor will I, and I hope that none of you do, either. I don't advocate unsafe sex, sex with strangers, or unsafe driving.

 * * * * *

I was driving down the highway coming home from errands one day. I was horny as all get-out and had been touching myself as I drove. I was getting brave, pulling my shirt up some (I was bra-less) and rubbing my breasts as cars drove past. I wasn't really all that obvious, but anyone who looked right at me would have seen. 

I was getting so wet, so hot. I started thinking about a fantasy I have and desire so much...being fucked from behind. I started thinking about how it would be....

I pulled off the highway and found a side road somewhere, a deserted area. I parked; it was hot so I had the windows cracked some. Naturally, I was too horny to even think about the doors, so I forgot to lock them. I was in a rush to give myself the release I so desperately needed. 

As soon as I'd parked and cracked the windows I unbuckled the seatbelt, unzipped my jeans, and pushed them down just a bit, then shoved my right hand down to my pussy. No teasing myself...I had done that while driving. I was ready for release right then. I used my left hand to push up my shirt and play with my breasts, pinching my nipples hard, making me moan with the pain/pleasure. My right hand was busy with my cunt, alternately slipping down between my pussy lips and inside my hot, wet core, fucking myself with my fingers, then pulling out to rub my clit. Back and forth, over and over. I was moaning, my head thrashing side to side on the headrest. I was fantasizing about being fucked...begging my imaginary lover to fuck me...fuck me hard and deep...to make me cum. I was pinching and pulling at my nipples really hard now, the pain intense, but so was the pleasure. My right hand started working my pussy faster and harder. I wanted to cum so bad, but I didn't want it to end. My eyes squeezed shut, I started shuddering as my orgasm overtook me. I was screaming as quietly as I could....fuck me...fuck me damn it....god I need your hard cock....my imaginary lover was fucking me like I'd never been fucked before. Suddenly my orgasm peaked and hit full force. I stopped all movement with my hands momentarily then began again, at first very fast and hard, then slowing as my orgasm began to subside. 

I had been so wrapped up in my masturbation and orgasm that I hadn't noticed the door opening. As I sat there, eyes still closed, trying to get my breathing under control, I jerked upright as I heard you say, "stick them in your mouth and suck them". 

I backed up against my door, looking at you with wide, frightened eyes and said who the hell are you? What are you doing here? 

You said to relax, that you weren't going to hurt me. You said that you had been driving by and saw my car pulled off the road, behind the bushes that I thought had obscured me from anyone's vision, and stopped to check on me. You said that at first you thought I was having a seizure, or something, the way I was thrashing and moaning. Then you realized what I was doing as you approached the car. When I was deep in the throes of orgasm you quietly opened the passenger door and slipped in to watch me. 

You said that watching me had aroused you very much. Then you repeated your request....for me to suck my juices off of my fingers. I was so stunned by your presence that I hadn't realized that my fingers were still in my pussy. I looked down at my hand and jerked it out of my pants and started to pull my pants back up but you took my hand and asked me to not do that, please. You were very polite, very quiet, so some of my fear subsided a bit. Just a bit. You smiled and asked me please, suck your fingers. "Have you ever sucked your pussy juice off your own hands, or your lovers hands?" 

No, I said. I had never tasted myself. You took my hand in yours as I watched in stunned silence. You moved my hand back and forth under your nose as you inhaled deeply and told me that my fragrance smelled wonderful...very arousing, and you took two of my fingers into your mouth and sucked them very sensuously. I couldn't believe that I was getting turned on by this. I was frightened and aroused at the same time. Were you going to rape me?, I wondered. Kill me? God I was scared, but so aroused. I sat there watching and feeling as you sucked my juices off of those two fingers. Then you gently removed my fingers from your mouth and placed the other two against my lips. You asked if I could smell myself. I said yes. Did I like it? I sniffed again. Yes, I liked it. Did it turn me on to smell myself like that? Yes, it was arousing, I said. 

Open your mouth, you told me. I watched your face as I complied and you pushed the other two fingers inside. Suck them, you said. I closed my mouth on my cum-covered fingers and tasted the salty, slightly bitter taste. I began to suck. It wasn't a bad taste, I decided. I sucked until the taste left my fingers and you pulled my hand out. 

I said that I really needed to go, trying to get away without getting raped or worse. You asked me to please not leave yet, that you wanted to lick my pussy. Would I let you? An electric shock ran through my pussy when I heard that. My god, what was I hearing? I heard myself say yes, you could do that. What? What was I saying? I told myself that you looked safe. You were clean, drove a decent car, dressed in what appeared to be new jeans and a nice shirt. I was trying to rationalize. You said wait just a minute and you went to your car and drove it back into the brushy area. You returned with a blanket that you said you kept in the trunk in case you broke down and had to get down on the ground to check under the car. You placed it on the middle of the bench seat that was behind the two front seats of my minivan. You told me that you didn't want my seats to get messy. 

I was thinking....he is trying to hide any evidence of a rape. He can take the blanket away and there would be no evidence in my car. I was getting afraid again. I reminded myself that Ted Bundy had been a "normal", nice looking guy, who lured his victims with his gentlemanly demeanor. I snapped out of that frightening reverie when you said your name. Huh? I said. James. My name is James, you said. Janie, I said, not about to tell you my name. You smiled at my lie and said that it was nice to meet you...Janie. I knew that you knew I was lying about my name. 

You had me get out of the car and remove my jeans and panties. Oh, dear lord...am I doing this? I'm undressing in the bushes off the side of a road, in front of a stranger who is probably going to rape and kill me. I was beyond caring at this point. I was so aroused. All I wanted was to feel your tongue on my pussy. 

I got back into my van through the side door and sat on the blanket, still feeling frightened and self-conscious, but so very horny. You got in behind me. You had to leave the door open in order to get into position. You told me to slide back as far as I could on the seat and to lean back. You told me to throw my right leg up over the back of the seat and to put my left foot on the front passenger seat. It was awkward and I was spread out further than I'd ever been before. It was a bit painful, and not comfortable, but I was going to put up with it. You slipped your hands under my ass and pushed up to get my pussy where you wanted it. 

You closed your eyes and moved your face all around, not touching me yet, just enjoying the fragrance of my smoothly shaved cunt. Then your nose touched first, as you nuzzled me with it. I could feel your warm breath and then I felt juices leak out of me. I was so wet. Fear started to be pushed to the back of my mind as arousal took forefront. You flicked your tongue out and I jerked because I wasn't expecting it. I opened my eyes and watched as this man I didn't know started licking my pussy, in my car, off by the side of the road. I was stunned at what I was doing. I felt like such a slut...and that thought sent another little gush of pussy juice sliding out of me. 

You could sense and smell my heightening arousal as you mumbled encouragement, telling me what a beautiful cunt I had, how good it tasted and smelled. I was doubtful, as my husband never told me that, but I wasn't going to argue. I just lay there, propped up as best as I could, watching you tongue my pussy. 

Your tongue snaked in and out of my pussy lips, going in as deep as you could manage, then coming out to lick from the bottom of my slit up to my clit, then nibbling on my pussy lips. You kept alternating, doing all those things and more. I was getting delirious. I could no longer hold myself up to watch, so I just leaned back and lost myself in the sensations your mouth was causing. 

I was moaning. You were moaning, also, telling me how hot this was getting you, how hard your cock was. I was beyond rational talk or thought at this point. All I could do was moan and groan and cry out YES! Oh God yes! I was trying to keep my voice down, but it was so hard, I felt the need to yell out, but I tried not to. I bit on my hand until I almost drew blood. My hips were bucking up to your face. I reached down and grabbed you by the hair and pulled your face into my pussy and yelled for you to eat me...oh god lick my pussy...don't stop. I held onto your hair for dear life as you did as I begged. You licked and sucked me as I bucked my hips and forced your face down into my cunt. Suddenly my orgasm hit me. It was hard and electrifying. I tensed up as you continued to lick and suck then I relaxed and started to fuck your face again, yelling at you to not stop! You didn't stop until I could take no more and pushed your head away. 

You pulled back and looked at me. Oh dear god I was a slut. I looked down at myself, with my breathing ragged. I didn't want to face you, but you reached out and took my chin in your hand and gently forced me to look you in the eyes. You were smiling, and your whole face was covered in my cum juices. I was suddenly very embarrassed at my behavior and started to apologize when you leaned over and kissed me. You said I had nothing to apologize for and kissed me again, deeper this time. You leaned over on me, taking your time kissing me thoroughly, our tongues mingling, sucking each others tongues. I was tasting myself on you and it was arousing me yet again. 

Not believing what I was saying, I told you that I wanted to suck your cock then I wanted you to fuck me. You asked if I was sure and I said yes. 

You backed up and lowered your jeans and jockeys. I got out of the car and put my jeans on so my bare butt wouldn't be sticking out. You took my place, where I had been sitting. You joked about the wet spot and I blushed, embarrassed. You spread your legs out much as I had done and I leaned down to your cock. I took you in my right hand and gently stroked your cock. You moaned and settled back to watch. I stroked for a bit, then started cupping your balls with my other hand as I stroked your cock up and down. A bit of pre-cum appeared and I bent down to lick it off, letting you see my tongue as I did. You groaned and called me a tease. I smiled then leaned back down and opened my mouth to take your cock inside. I flicked the head with my tongue as I sucked, and my right hand still stroked that part that wasn't in my mouth. I was lightly squeezing your balls with my left hand, loving the reaction I was getting from you. I started sucking in earnest, wanting to see you get as aroused as I had been. My god, you said. You aren't wasting any time. You were starting to slowly thrust your hips up as I sucked and stroked. I took as much of you in my mouth as I could and sucked first hard, then soft, hard then soft. I would squeeze the base of your cock when I felt that you were enjoying it too much. You said I was mean; I just grinned. 

Finally I couldn't take it anymore...I wanted to taste you, and I wanted you to fuck me, so I started sucking hard, and pumping the part of your cock I couldn't get into my mouth. You gasped and moaned as you thrust up into my mouth. Suddenly you grabbed the back of my head and said suck it, bitch. Suck my cock like the whore you are. I gushed hearing those words. No one had ever talked to me like that and it made me so horny. My cunt was so wet. I reached down with my left hand and rubbed my crotch through my jeans. They were soaked. I kept rubbing for a minute as I sucked your cock. I had to take my hand away from my pussy to help balance myself as you were pushing my head down onto your cock, pulling it back up, then forcing it back down. It was like you were fucking my mouth...raping my mouth....and I loved it. I was moaning almost as much as you were, my pussy juice soaking my jeans all the more. You were nearing orgasm and you were almost yelling, calling me a bitch, a slut, a cock-whore, telling me to suck your cock then suddenly you tensed up, with your cock deep in my mouth as you spurt the first blast down into my throat. You resumed your thrusting, holding onto my head, fucking my mouth as you spent yourself inside my throat. Then you stopped and fell back to the seat, exhausted. I was gently sucking you, until you told me to stop. I raised up, licking your cum off of my lips and hand. You leaned in for a kiss again, this time you were tasting yourself. You pulled me over onto your lap and held me, nuzzling my neck as your breathing settled down. 

Neither of us said anything for a while. You reached between my thighs and felt how wet my crotch had gotten. You said that you were sorry for calling me those names, but that you tend to get carried away during sex, and that is just something that comes out during times of great arousal. I said that it was ok, that it really turned me on, for some weird reason. You kissed me again, long and deep. Then you asked if I still wanted for you to fuck me. Oh, god yes, I moaned. I got up and out of the van and you followed. You led me around to the side of the van that was furthest away from the road and undid my jeans, then lowered them and I stepped out of them. You bent me over the hood of my car and nuzzled my back, my neck, rubbing me from my neck down to my pussy and back up again. Then you took your cock in hand in worked it into my waiting depths. You began to thrust forward and I thrust back against you. You were kissing and licking my neck and shoulders as you fucked me, slowly at first, then working up to faster and harder. We were both moaning and groaning. I was begging you to fuck me...fuck me hard...just like you had heard me beg my imaginary lover while I was masturbating before I had seen you. You whispered in my ear that yes, you were fucking me...you would fuck me hard and deep. We kept talking like that to each other until I got to where I couldn't speak, I could just moan and groan and soon you were at that point too. You were plowing your cock deep into my pussy, now standing up and holding onto my hips, pulling them against you to get the best leverage and depth. 

I started cumming...I was yelling, trying not to, but I couldn't help it. I yelled that I was cumming....fuck me...don't stop....god I'm cumming.....then you slammed your cock deep into me and I felt your cum spurt into me. You fucked me hard, over and over. you reached down and fingered my clit with one hand and pinched a nipple with the other. I screamed in pain as you pinched, but it felt so good. I yelled "don't stop!" and you hoped I was talking about the pinching as well as the fucking, so you didn't stop either, until your orgasm wound down. You leaned over on my back. I was still in the throes of orgasm....I was pushing my hips back against you, reaching down to rub my clit, still needing to be fucked more. You realized this and turned me around and lifted me up onto the hood of my car. 

You bent down and started sucking my pussy, my clit, and finger-fucking me hard and fast. I was bucking around, yelling for you to fuck me, to suck me....god I'm cuuummmming....still cummmminnnggg....You were getting flooded with my pussy juice but you didn't stop. You used your free hand to pinch a nipple again. That sent me off into another wave of orgasms and I came over and over, with you sucking and fucking and pinching me until I was too tender everywhere and pushed you away. I lay there, totally exhausted. You leaned down over me and kissed my belly then started licking up the juices that were running down my thighs. Then you raised me up and pulled me to you, standing between my thighs. You kissed me and said that you sure were glad that you saw my car pulled over. I said that I was, too. 

We got dressed, you took your blanket, sniffing the spot where I had been sitting the first time you ate my pussy. You told me that maybe you wouldn't wash it. I replied that you'd probably better or it might start to smell kinda bad after a while. We laughed at that and you asked if you could give me your number. I said yes, please do. You found some paper and wrote it down. You said that you hoped I'd call sometime and I said I just might do that. You kissed me again, and we parted. As we each started to get into our own cars, I called over to you....by the way, my name isn't Janie...it's Brenda. You smiled and got into your car and waited until I drove off before you went on your way.

* * * * *

If you have read this far, please vote, and if you have time, send feedback. I love to know what the readers think.