 I had tons of work to do, so I decided to head into the office late on a Saturday afternoon. The office was a ghosttown on most weekends so I expected to be alone. Nevertheless, I decided to do a quick sweep of the office just to make sure. 

As I rounded the corner of our marketing wing, I was stunned by the scene laid out before me: our marketing director, Casey, was sitting in her cubicle. She was leaning back in her chair, head back, eyes closed, pants unbuttoned and pulled slightly down her thighs, exposing bright pink underwear. Her right hand was in her pants and, from the flushed look on her face, it was clear she was nearing orgasm. 

I stood, silently, unsure how to react. Casey and I had been friends for several years. She was about 27, a gorgeous Asian with large tits and a tiny waist. She was married and very conservative. This was totally out of character. 

I slowly took two steps back, hoping to disappear down the hall without her noticing. As I backed up, my foot accidentally bumped a garbage can, causing her to jump. Her eyes opened, panic on her face as she blurted "Oh my god." She yanked her hand out of her pants and hurriedly tried to pull up her jeans.  

I looked away and stuttered "oh, hey Casey."

"Tom! What are you doing here?" she gasped. 

"Oh uhm, just trying to get caught up on some things" I replied. "What, uh, what are you doing here?"

Ashamed, she lowered her head, her eyes tearing up. After several seconds, she said "Oh my god. I can't believe you just saw me doing . . . THAT! I am so embarrassed."

Trying to play it off, I said "Hey, no big deal. We all do it from time to time."

"Yea, but not in the office."

She had a point. She was masturbating in the office in broad daylight. "Well, that is true I guess. What's going on? Seems an odd place to be . . . you know . . . doing that." 

"Oh god, its . . . It's . . . It's too embarrassing." 

"Uh,Casey, how much more awkward could it be?" I asked. 

"Jesus. I guess you're right. It's just that my husband . . . he can't pleas me. He just wants sex. No foreplay, no nothing. Just some kissing, then sex. It's just not enough for me to . . . You know . . . Get off," she confessed. "But I can't tell him so I try to just please myself when he's out of the house. Since he got laid off, He never seems to leave." 

"Oh ok." I said. 

"I'm not a freak. I didn't plan this.  It's just that I was here working and got kind of stressed out and needed some relief and one thing just kind of led to another."

"Hey. That's cool. I understand. No big deal," I said. "I'm just gonna head into my office." with that, I turned and walked away. 

A few minutes later, Casey entered my office. "You can't tell anyone about this. I'd die of embarrassment. And god knows I'd probably get fired."

"Don't worry, I won't" I assured her. 

"You're the best. I really owe you one," she said. She hugged me and walked away. 

I must admit, after the shock wore off, it hit me that I just caught my hottest coworker fingering herself IN THE OFFICE! As time passed, I found myself getting more and more turned on. I decided to play it out. I called her extension and asked her to come back to my office. 

"Look. I've thought about it and I sympathize with you. My wife doesn't like receiving oral at all, and unfortunately I love giving. I know how frustrating it can be."

She stared back, unsure of where this was going. I decided to just come right out with it.

"Look, I need some excitement and you still haven't gotten your 'release.' Plus, you clearly owe me a big one here. I want to watch you finish what you started." 

"Finish what I started?" she asked. 

"Yea, I want to watch you cum. I want to watch you make yourself cum. Right here. Right now." 

"I couldn't possibly do that. It's too embarrassing." she responded. 

"How could things get any more embarrassing than what just happened? And honestly, I'm not giving you a choice here. If you want to keep your job, and not harm your marriage, you'll do it."

Her head dropped to the floor. She hesitated for several seconds and finally spoke, "Ok. But this stays between us adn this is the end of it. We will NEVER speak to anyone about this ever again. Ok?"

"Fine" I said. 

She stood up, walked out into the hall and looked left and right. She came back in and closed the door, then turned the lock. She sat down in the chair across from my desk and took a deep breath. She unbuttoned her pants and slid them down her thighs, again giving me a glimpse of her bright pink thong. This time I noticed a large wet spot right over her clearly excited pussy. 

She placed her hand over her panties and slowly began rubbing her fingers in circular motions. She slowly rubbed, slouching deeper and deeper into the chair. After several minutes, her breathing began to quicken and she slid her hand down her panties, letting out a soft moan as her fingers slid into her wet hole. She rubbed slowly and her cheeks began to brighten with redness. I began to smell her sex in the air. 

While I was certainly enjoying the view and while this was one of the hottest moments of my life, I couldn't help but be frustrated by the fact that my view was blocked by her panties. I walked around the desk and commanded, in a whisper "Lose the pants." 

She continued massaging her cunt and simply lifted her legs in the air, as if to say "Take them off yourself." 

I grabbed her pantlegs and pulled off her jeans. I dropped to the floor and slid my hands across her thighs, gripping the string sides of her thong. I slowly pulled down her panties, exposure her gorgeous pussy. I immediately noticed that it was soaking wet. She had a large clit that was clearly aroused and engorged. Her index and middle finger were sliding up and down each side of her clit, pressing it out from her pussy lips. She was shaved with the exception of a small circle of jet black hair directly above her labia. 

I leaned back against my desk and watched intently as she continued fingering herself. After several minutes, she paused and said "I can't finish. This is too awkward." 

I quickly responded "I said I wanted to watch you cum. If you do, I'll keep my mouth shut. If you don't, we have a problem." 

"Fine, fine. It's just awkward that I'm the only one doing it. Why don't you jack yourself off too, so I don't feel like I'm on stage here." 

I was pleasantly surprised by this request and wanted to take full advantage. "Fine. But only if you suck it to finish me off." 

"Ah, fine fine," she said. 

I stepped forward, my erection protruding inside my pants. She undid my belt and dropped my pants. I lifted off her shirt, and unstrapped her bra. I tossed my shirt on the floor. She roughly pulled my boxer shorts down, causing my rock hard cock to pop out. She instinctively leaned forward and slid it in her mouth, but only for a second. 

She pushed me backwards and sat back in the chair, sliding her hand back to her dripping pussy. I leaned back against my desk and began stroking my cock. As she masturbated, she stared intently at my dick, watching me stroke my hand up and down. After several minutes, her cheeks began to redden and her breath began to quicken. Her hips bobbed up and down in rhythm with her fingers. I could see that she was nearing orgasm and knew that this was where she would be at her most vulnerable. I dropped to my knees and leaned in, engulfing her with a kiss. I let my tongue slide in her mouth, and roll across her tongue. She kissed back and immediately gripped my shaft with her wet hand. She stroked me up and down, as I tongue fucked her mouth. 

I broke our kiss and slid my mouth to her neck. She leaned her head to give me better access and let out a groan of pleasure. I continued my kiss down to her gorgeous, firm breasts. I sucked her rock hard nipple in my mouth, causing her to scream "Oh, yea. That's it." 

I continued moving south and felt her hips involuntarily press upward, lifting her sweetness towards my face. I kissed her pubic hair, slipping my tongue softly down, touching her swollen clit. She moaned loudly, "YES, RIGHT THERE."

I rolled circles around her clit with my tongue, periodically sucking it between my lips and pulling it outward. Her hips were rocking up and down and her hand slid behind my head, pulling my face tighter to her soaking wet mound, as she lifted her legs, nearly touching her knees to her shoulders. After several seconds of pleasuring her clit, I slid my tongue deep into her pussy. I felt her muscles tighten, she arched her back and cried out "Eat my pussy. Eat it. Eat my pussy. That's it. THAT'S IT! RIGHT THERE, ALMOST . . . ALMOST . . . AHHHHHHHHH YEEEEEEEEAAAAAAA!" 

Her creamy juices flowed out of her pussy, all over my mouth and chin. I stood up, ready to have my dick sucked. She stood too, which was unexpected. She bluntly said "I'm not sucking your dick. You're going to fuck my brains out with that cock." 

She bent over the desk and arched her tiny ass in the air. I stood behind her and slid my cock into her wet hole. She moaned and tossed her head from side to side. I gripped her hips with my hands, and slammed my cock deep inside of her pussy. She screamed "YES" with every thrust. I pounded her from behind while she used her hand to stroke her satisfied clit. I grabbed her hair with my right hand and pulled her head back, continuing to thrust myself into her. 

I felt my cock hardening and knew I was on the brink of coming. She knew it too as she reached back and spread her ass cheeks wide apart, letting me penetrate her as deeply as possible. Her muscles tightened around me. I pounded her in this position as she screamed "I'M CUMING! I'M CUMING! I'M CUMING!" 

I shot my cum deep inside her raging pussy. Our mixed fluids ran down the inside of her leg as we both gasped for breath. I slowly removed my cock as she collapsed onto the desk. 

We dressed in silence. She finally said "Ok, let's keep this between us, ok stud?" and pat me on the ass as she walked towards the door. Just as she passed through the doorway to my office, she looked back and playfully said "Can't wait to see you on Monday." 

I had a feeling this wouldn't be my last encounter with her.