 Susan considered the young man's proposal. She had no intention of accepting, but, her already purring libido snarled like a big cat. His offer had shocked her; his audacity had been breathtaking, especially considering his youth; Susan could feel the pulse of interest between her thighs. However adventurous she believed herself to be, her suburban chains held fast.

Besides, she had other business.

"I'm sure you're sincere," she demurred, smiling despite the traitorous clenching of her sex. "But a party with you and your three friends ...? In your barracks ...? I'm flattered you find me attractive enough to ask, but no, I don't think so."

The young man grinned at her and swigged from the can in his fist. He shrugged: "No harm in asking, eh?" He gave a bold wink and stood. Then, swaying with the jerking motion of the train, he rejoined his friends further along the carriage.

Susan settled back into the seat and indulged in a little fantasy reel as the train clattered rudely onwards through the warm, summer twilight towards Hampshire. 

What if she had agreed? Four fit young men ... simultaneously? Susan shifted and wriggled while the warmth inside her knickers spread; she felt an insidious trickle and pressed a hand against her body. She could feel the heat even through her underwear and light, cotton dress.

"Filthy cow," she muttered, still cupping her mound.

Susan's admiring quartet alighted at an anonymous station; the train jolted and continued on its way. Like a meerkat, Susan stretched to check the carriage. She was alone.

Her hand slithered back to the place between her legs, Susan moaned with arousal and grew reckless as her enflamed ardour burned hotter and, without thinking, she lifted the hem of the dress, sliding her hand under the elastic of her damp panties. Her fingers against her smooth mons, Susan pressed again, but this time allowed herself the illicit pleasure of sliding her middle finger between the sticky folds of her labia. The fingertip slipped across her clitoris and she gasped.

Susan slid her knickers down her legs after another paranoid inspection confirmed she was indeed alone in the carriage. She stepped out of the garment and pushed the damp scrap into her bag.

Slumped back in her seat Susan rubbed herself urgently while images of the four squaddies, naked and hard, sprang to mind.

"Oh, god!" she cried imagining their erections waving in front of her face. Those men in my mouth ... Taking them in turn between my legs ... Susan thrust three fingers inside herself as her desperation heightened; her other, busy hand rubbed at her hard clit. 

She was close ... so close ...

Susan sensed his presence -- a shadow beyond her closed eyelids. Her eyes opened.

A man dressed in uniformed livery of the railway company stared at her boggle-eyed. He opened his mouth to speak but no words came out. 

Susan stared at him. "Oh!" she blurted as she clamped her thighs shut and fumbled at her dress. 

The man cleared his throat and looked away from Susan. "Ticket please, miss," he mumbled.

"Oh my, god," Susan blurted. "I'm sorry ... So sorry. I ..." Her already flushed face grew redder.

"Ticket, miss," the man insisted. 

Susan, red-faced but with her decorum restored, rummaged through her bag. She searched under and around her discarded panties but came out empty-handed.

"There's a penalty, miss," the man said.

"I don't have any money on me," Susan replied with a tremor in her voice. She replied in the negative to the guard's suggestion of identification and her address so a fine could be issued retrospectively.

"Nothing?" he asked finally. "Then I'll have to hand you to the BTP...The Transport Police," he clarified to Susan's mystified expression. "We can get off at the next station," he added.

"That's my stop! Surely we can do this another way ... Without the police I mean."

The man grinned. "Well ... considering what you were up to ..."

He let the suggestion hang in the air.

Another indecent proposal!

"You mean ...?" Susan's pussy growled in anticipation. She considered the second offer of the night. "I could pay the fine in kind?" 

The man smirked and shrugged.

The pair walked along the station concourse. Twilight had become full dark.

"I shouldn't be doing this," the man admitted as he unlocked the anonymous wooden door. "That train's got two stops to go; I could get the sack if I'm not on it." He paused. "Although ... this time of night ...?" He shrugged to suggest that being caught was unlikely.

"I shouldn't be doing this either," Susan responded, "but I'm feeling so damned horny ..." She looked at the man and added, "And you seem OK. I mean you're pretty decent looking, I'd probably go for you if the situation were different ..."

He led Susan into what was obviously the train crews' rest room. Shabby, utilitarian furniture, not one piece matching another, was dotted around. A collection of old easy-chairs and a two-seater settee -- all probably donated by railway employees over the years, surrounded a decrepit wooden table. A microwave oven, a kettle, and a fridge completed the untidy, yet oddly homely, scene.

"Romantic," Susan remarked, yet, despite her sarcastic tone, she followed the train guard into the room. "How are we going to do this?" she asked, eyeing the sofa. "Do you want me here?"

"I couldn't believe my eyes," the man said as he locked the door. "You sitting there in that carriage with your—" He pulled a face and waved his hands at Susan in a vague gesture. "—With your dress all bunched up and that."

Reminded of her debauchery, lust burst anew in Susan's groin. She hiked her dress to her waist and slumped into the settee.

"Like this?" she asked and spread her legs to expose herself to the man's hungry stare.

"Just like that," he growled. "Do it again. Show me again. Fuck yourself with your fingers."

She complied and held her labia apart, thrilled to know he watched. The man rubbed the front of his uniform trousers and stared while Susan masturbated.

The woman purred as her fingers squelched around her sex. "I want to see your cock. Take it out. Show me how much I excite you," She smiled when she saw the man's erection jutting from his gaping flies. "Oh my, I want to touch it!"

Moments later Susan's fist moved back and forth as she simultaneously masturbated both herself and the now slack-jawed guard. She raised herself to a sitting position and manoeuvred the man so he stood in front of her. Then, holding him upright, she opened her mouth and placed her lips around the dome of his penis. He sighed and pushed his fingers through Susan's straight, black hair. The woman moaned around her mouthful as she fellated him and, at the same time, continued to rub at her own sodden vulva.

"Lick me," she gasped after a few minutes when she sensed he was close to coming. "Lick me till I come and then put it in me. I'm so close ..."

Susan groaned when she felt hot breath against her sensitive flesh. She sighed and gabbled obscenities, urging the man to tongue her until, inevitably given her state of arousal, she grunted and wailed to a noisy climax.

A foil packet materialised in the man's fingers and he rolled the condom over his penis before unbuckling his trousers and pulling them down to his knees.

"From behind," he mumbled. "Kneel on the settee and stick your arse out." Susan did as he instructed. "Fuck yes ..." the man sighed as Susan's body clenched around his cock. His fingers dug into Susan's hips and he began to thrust at her. There was no finesse to their coupling, just an urgency that soon had the pair groaning and panting.

"Kiss me," Susan urged as she craned her neck to face the man stabbing into her. She whimpered into his open mouth as their tongues slid and danced until, finally, he gave a huge grunt and clawed his fingers deeper into her hips. Susan felt his cock throb and knew by his babbling invective that he was pumping his seed into the rubber teat of the condom. The knowledge triggered her own, explosive, second climax.

"The condom was a good move," Susan purred to her husband as she lay on the sofa, with her legs wide apart. The position exposed the scarlet gape of her opening. "It somehow made the situation all the more real, more believable."

"Glad you approved," he grinned. "Ready for some more?" He nodded down to his cock, which still stood firm and obviously interested. "Bareback this time."

"This certainly spiced things up!" She replied. "Come and get me, lover." Susan smirked and opened her arms in welcome.