 All characters are over 18. 

*

"You mean you have never had a blow job?" Stephanie asked, more than a little surprised.

Jeremy, looking sheepish, replied, "Well not exactly. My last girlfriend tried. She sort of stuck it in her mouth and held it there. It, uh, wasn't very good." He looked away, then back. "Isn't it sort of degrading anyway?" 

Stephanie crossed her arms and leaned back on the couch, "Degrading? Why would you say that?" 

Jeremy squirmed on his side of the couch. "Well, I've seen, uh, videos-" 

"You mean porn?" Steph smirked. 

He slumped a little, his cheeks flushing, "Yeah. That." 

She leaned in slightly, a small but forgiving smile forming, "It's okay. I've seen porn too. Most of it is about erotic as watching a fuel pump work." 

Slightly relieved he gave a half smile, "Yeah. From what I've seen it's some guy just, you know-for lack of a better way of putting it-fucking some chick's face, and then he, like spews all over her as she is pretending to look like she is enjoying it but you can tell that-" he paused, realizing that he was getting a little carried away. "Well, I don't see how anyone would enjoy that," he finished lamely. 

Stephanie leaned back a little, understanding what he was trying to say. "Yeah that is pretty degrading. But that's not what a good blow job is about." 

"Really?" Jeremy asked, genuinely surprised. 

A devilish grin came over her face. "Sure. A real blow job is about control." She scooted over to Jeremy's side of the couch. Her finger touched his chest. He could feel it, warm and inviting even through his t-shirt. She in turn could feel his heart began to race. She then slowly traced the center of his chest, across his (nicely) rock hard abs and down to the top of his jeans. In a sultry voice she continued, "It's about pleasing your partner, but letting him know you are doing it on your terms, not his." 

Jeremy gulped. 

Slowly, Stephanie slid off the couch and on to the floor between his legs. Hypnotized, Jeremy could only watch. She undid the button of his jeans and carefully unzipped his pants. He cock strained his boxers, desperately trying to get out. 

This seemed to break the spell momentarily. Jeremy stared at her then said, "W-what are you...." 

Stephanie reached her finger back up across his lips, silencing him, "Shhhhhh-just sit back and enjoy." 

He nodded mutely as she leaned forward. She pursed her lips and blew seductively on the tip of his penis. He whimpered. She then took her finger from his lips and slowly traced up from the stem to the tip, circling it once for good measure. She could see it throb in response. She smiled triumphantly, then stuck her tongue out and repeated what her finger just did. Jeremy whimpered louder. One hand balled into a fist, the other grabbed the arm of the couch. 

Seeing that she had him right where she wanted him, she locked eyes with Jeremy and wrapped her full lips around the head and slowly pulled him in. His whimper was higher in pitch then suddenly became a moan. He closed his eyes and arched his back slowly. His hands reached out and cradles her face. Then, as she began to increase the pace, they shot back and grabbed the couch again. 

Stephanie felt the icy tingle that came over her when she had someone at her mercy like this. This was not what degradation looked like-this was what control looked like! Jeremy was sweet and kind. She wanted him, and she was going to make him hers and he was going to love every minute of it. She began to caress his testicles gently, then began to tease his inner thighs, his perineum, and even just to the very edge of his asshole. She had to tread carefully there-for many guys it was a huge turnoff. She could tell, however, by the way he started crying out, "Oh God, oh yes! Please!" that he didn't mind in the least. She continued to work him until she began to feel he shaft constrict and his breathing change. Before he realized it, she knew he was about to cum. 

His back arched further and his eyes screwed shut as he cried out, "Steph-I'm gonna-!" 

But she was still firmly in control. She felt the warmth fill her mouth as his cock spurt forth its contents. She worked the shaft with her hand milking him as he panted in ecstasy and his whole body shuddered. 

She finished swallowing and slowly eased him out of her mouth. Suddenly she was shocked to find his mouth on hers, his tongue dancing with hers. The guys she'd been with were usually nervous about kissing her after they had cum in her mouth but Jeremy didn't care-he only wanted to conned with the girl who had given him so much! 

Breaking apart they both leaned back against the couch and gasped for air. 

"Okay," Jeremy said, his chest heaving, "I see what all of the hype is about!" 

Stephanie leaned against the couch and rested her head on her hand, "And?" she asked. 

"And it didn't seem to be degrading on my end-how about yours?" 

She smiled triumphantly, "Because who was in charge?" 

He bowed slightly, "You were." 

She bowed back, "That's right. Now you can say you've had a blow job." 

He took a moment to gather his breath then slapped the cushion on the couch. Stephanie looked at him quizzically. 

"Hop up," he said, "Now it's your turn!" 

She squealed with delight and jumped up.