 'It's Friday night and I now have nowhere to be,' I thought. Having had a friend bail on going for drinks and with Mark out with the boys, I decided on leftovers for dinner then a couple of movies with a glass of wine and chocolate.

Dinner was uneventful and the first movie was a standard rom com, however I noticed the sex scenes stirred my interest. Feeling a bit naughty, I chose a racier second movie.

During the second film, I realised I was getting aroused. Brushing a hand over my chest and feeling the nipples harden, I decided to try something new and watch something from the boyfriend's secret stash.

Padding into the bedroom, I grabbed the doona, selected a DVD at random, and changed for bed (underwear and a tshirt); then headed back into the lounge room.

I slipped the DVD into the player and settled back onto the couch, nestling into the fluffy doona and hugging it to myself. The action onscreen started straight away: the delivery man had a "package" for her.

'At least he didn't "come to clean ze pool",' I thought to myself, giggling a little, watching the delivery man take her into his arms and kiss her thoroughly.

I felt a blush rise across my chest as she bit his lip and slipped her tongue into his mouth. I swallowed hard and tentatively ran my hands down the outside of my arms, feeling goosebumps rise in their wake. One hand returned to my chest, and, finding the nipples again hardened, teased the puckered aerolas before pinching it slightly. God it felt good.

On screen, the delivery man was slowly divesting her of her clothing, piece by piece. Watching her body be revealed, I pinched again harder and exhaled sharply at the mix of pleasure and pain. When he started taking off his own clothes, I abandoned the pretence of watching for plot and used both hands to roll my nipples between thumb and forefingers. Definitely turned on now, I noted wryly.

So was she - when his engorged prick was finally freed, she positively leapt down to worship it at close range. I don't know what got to me the most - her moans, muffled around his hard cock, or his groans at her ministrations - but I felt myself get wet and shifted my weight uncomfortably.

I don't really masturbate much. I touched myself on occasion, but on the whole I guess the bulk of my sexual experience was partner-only. I'd never watched much porn before either (although I was familiar with the cliches and stereotypes). I hesitated a bit, thinking about whether to continue or turn it off, but then the delivery man pulled his dick out of her mouth, pushed her to lay back, and started kissing his way down her body; and the decision was made for me - too horny to stop.

I moved my legs from under me and kicked the doona out so I could put my feet on the floor. My legs naturally sprawled open a little and I slouched further down on the couch so that my hips were almost on the edge of the seat. One hand crept down my belly to the waistband of my underwear, then under. It brushed past the trimmed pubic hair to part my hot wet folds, just as the delivery man's tongue was now doing.

I was so wet.. Without taking my eyes from the screen where she was writhing and moaning loudly while being tongue fucked, I slipped one finger into me and back out gently a few times then gingerly rubbed around my nub. It was hard to the touch, fully protruding, and super sensitive - I gasped when my fingers first brushed it. I decided to remove my underwear entirely; I was still half covered by the doona so what harm could there be?

My finger alternated between slowly plunging in and out of me and making lazy circles around my nub. The pleasure started to make me feel a bit hot and bothered, to the point of kicking the doona to the flood - modesty be damned.

As my onscreen lady had a hard cock enter her for the first time (on this DVD at least) I closed my eyes. One hand was still on a breast and the other was busily strumming my clit, occasionally slipping into my depths for lubricant. My legs tensed and splayed wider as my hand moved faster; using the moans and sounds of hard fucking as motivation. Occasionally my hips would make a bucking, humping motion as i fingered myself. From the tense feeling in the pit of my stomach I knew I was close to orgasm. The porn in the background, and the sense of 'danger' from masturbating -and in the lounge room rather than my bedroom - served to add to my excitement; which then became panic when I felt a hand on my thigh and another moving my hand from my crotch.

My eyes flew open, in time to see Mark's face disappear between my legs and feel his tongue touch wet pussy. 'Oh god, oh god,' I thought, face burning with mortification in the flickering light of the TV; but as he slipped a finger roughly in and out of me with his mouth firmly suctioned on my clitoris I thrashed on the couch and came hard before going limp.

He eased his mouth off me and removed his finger, before smiling and wiping his mouth. 'Someone was excited,' he commented as he unbuckled his jeans. 'Huh?' I mumbled, sort of incoherently.

His cock stiffly twanged free and stood to attention while his jeans fell to his ankles, and he pointed at it. 'See? Excited.' Still red in the face from both exertion and embarrassment, I asked 'What are you doing?'

'Ohhh I think I'm going to continue what you started without me,' he replied. 'Such a tease. Such a turn on to come home to..'

With that, his fingers stroked where mine had been earlier. Over-sensitive nipples had me arching my back to him, which made him lose control. 'Fuck you're so hot,' he growled in my ear, lifting my hips to the arm of the couch. 'I'm so hot for you.' His rod probed my thatch of short curls and found my entrance slick and waiting.

I cried out as he plunged into me; his groans as he fucked me mingled with the moans from the DVD. Over and over he thrust into me, better than his fingers could ever be! His breath was shortening, in short sharp bursts as if trying to hold out. He shifted a hand from my hip to rub his thumb on my clit again as he fucked me; and the exquisite pleasure from my still sensitive nub was all it took. I exploded on his cock and he pulled out just in time - two strokes and he erupted on my stomach.

I looked up at the TV one last time to see my delivery man likewise unload on his lady. Unlike the poor actress, I at least would be able to see my way to the shower.