 Game day was here, and given that it was a playoff game, it was packed. The bleachers were full with screaming fans of both football teams. People everywhere. Which is why I escaped under to the no less loud but far less crowded location of under the bleachers. Oh I'm Anna by the way, and I'm no football fan by any means. Wasn't in high school, and I'm not now that I'm in college. I only go to be social, and hang out with my friends. But today only a few of them are here, and I can't find any of them, so I decided to get some relative peace under the bleachers, and out of the sun. I did it all the time when in high school, and am doing it now in college. Under the bleachers is a great place to relax. As long as nobody looks down, you can do what you want. I feel myself smile as I remember once when I masturbated under the bleachers during another game. It was nice and loud, and nobody had a clue, even when I came. I don't get off on public sex for the record, it was just one time, hot day like today, hormones raging, stupid sports game going on like today, and nobody around, just like today!

I'm a hot girl, or so I've been told by all my friends, both male and female. I'm not very tall, with long natural black hair (something my friends are extremely envious of) and vivid deep green eyes (another rarity that makes my friends jealous) I'm not sporty type but I've always been slender. Guess it's good genes because I eat garbage, potato chips, BBQ, pizza, soda, burgers, Chinese takeout, and so on. Not a busty girl either, only a bigger B cup. Not that the two boyfriends whom have seen or touched my breasts minded. Since I started dating (which was at 15) I've only had four boyfriends, only 2 of which got to see or touch my in a sexual way. Don't get me wrong, I'm not a prude, I get plenty horny, but I'm just choosy. Guys can bang tons of girls and be called studs. Girls bang tons of guys, and they are sluts! Double standards suck big time. But that's life for you.

As it's very warm today, I'm wearing my denim skirt, white T shirt, matching white bra, my hair flows free. In the sun it looks silky. But I prefer the shade right now, away from the cluster of people. The crowd cheers. I assume one of the teams just made a touchdown or something. I'm about to get lost, once again, in Harry Potter, when someone joins me.

Jimmy, one of my friends I go to these wretchedly boring games to be social with. Jimmy's normal sized in terms of height. Brown haired and eyed, always clad in a rock band T-shirt (today it's AC/DC) and jeans. He doesn't work out, doesn't really like sports, and he eats crap like me but his genes are not as perfect and he's got more flab and packing on his gut. Not fat, but by middle age it'd be what is usually called a 'beer gut'. I don't care though, Jimmy is a good friend, and a nice guy. "Hiding Anna?" he asks.

"Well when have I ever watched football on my own? I only come for Mick, Joey, Lisa, Jessica, you, Greg, and Tyler. Where the hell are they anyway? They're missing the playoffs! All they did last weekend was talk about making this game."

"Tyler had to go home, some kind of family emergency. Mick is at the repair shop, his car got keyed last night and windows busted last night. Lisa I have no idea, that girl probably spaced out and is wandering somewhere down the freeway. Greg, he's probably stoned out of his mind watching some stupid Zach Galifianakis movie. Joey IS here somewhere, I just can't find him. Jessica, I saw her with Courtney, so she's off dyking out right now I bet."

I laughed loud. "Jess will punch your lights out for using that word. You know she's got a black belt in Jujitsu, Judo, or something. It starts with a J, I know that."

"I know, it's why I never use it when she's around!" Jimmy laughed. 

I was a little pissed at myself though. "How did I miss all that news?"

"Well is your phone alive?"

I checked my phone and sure enough, it was dead. "Ah, that would explain why I've heard nothing from nobody."

"Learn to charge your phone girl. Good thing I looked for you. I'm so bored," he sighed and sat down.

"Me too. I care nothing for football. So Harry Potter will do."

"I heard two days ago that Joey fucked on of the cheerleaders during practice under the bleachers." Jimmy laughs.

I laughed too, secretly a bit turned on. That time I'd masturbated under the bleachers, I'd fantasized about something similar. But I'd never actually done it. And I'm not genuinely attracted to Jimmy, had to let him down easy a while back when he asked me on a date. I felt like shit afterwards, because he's a great guy, he just does nothing for me that way. "That sounds like something Joey would do. He does love cheerleaders."

"He does. Not that I blame him, hotties most of them. Why don't you try out? You're hotter than half the squad here."

"Well thanks Jimmy, but jumping up and down, wearing some sexualized outfit is not my idea of fun. Besides, I'm here to learn." It was true. I was here on a scholarship for pre-law. I'm going to be a lawyer. "I need top grades, I don't have time for that kind of crap."

"Oh I get it Anna, believe me. I'm here to learn too." Jimmy was here on a double major, history and archeology. It was often a miracle that he found time to come out with all of us. "But you'd look damn good in the outfits," he smiled at me.

I laughed, enjoying the attention a bit, and still feeling bad about letting him down a few months ago. My mind was still somewhat on my old 'under the bleachers fucking' fantasy. I was feeling a bit damp between my legs and shifted. "Thanks but I have enough horndog idiots hitting on me on a regular basis, I don't need to look like a cheerleader. That would just make it so much worse."

The crowd erupted in cheers above us again. Jimmy covered his ears. "I hope this game is over soon!"

"Me too. Oh sorry Harry, you're just not doing it for me today," I put my Harry Potter book down.

"Harry doesn't do it for me either. Hermione all the way!" Jimmy joked.

"That's what Jessica says. Hell, I'd be gay for Emma Watson."

"Damn, you and Emma Watson, hot," he closed his eyes. I could see, through his jeans, he was getting hard.

"Pig," I scolded jokingly.

"Hey you brought it up!"

I started laughing good and laid back on my blanket (I always carry a blanket when I go out to games, in case I wind up sitting under bleachers in dirt) and through my half closed eyes I could see Jimmy looking right up my skirt. I wanted to scold him for real but just felt arousal. "I hope you're enjoying the view," I said. He started. I don't think he knew I knew he was looking. I laughed again. "It's okay, I was kind of mean to you when I rejected you, so maybe this is my apology." I opened my legs more, giving him a clear view of my panties.

"Actually Anna, your rejection was one of the nicest, kindest, and easiest I've ever gotten," he said. He was staring up my skirt now, something visible in his jeans. I felt myself getting wet. "I've been rejected far worse, and a lot meaner too," he went on. "Story of my fat assed life."

"You aren't fat Jimmy, I've seen more obese. Besides, when you're off digging up some ancient Egyptian tomb, you'll lose weight," I smiled encouragingly. Noting his big bulge I began to wonder if I should've given him a chance.

"I'm not going to Egypt. All the tombs there have been uncovered, and besides, that place is politically unstable, like much the rest of Africa and the entire Middle-East." He hated people assuming he was going to Egypt, it was such a cliche. But his gaze was between my legs, which were still showing my panties. He reached down to touch his cock bulge. A wave of heat overtook me, and it had nothing to do with the hot weather.

I sat up, no longer teasingly smiling, just looking at his bulge. I don't think he was expecting me to be bold, nor was I to be honest but when the mood strikes me, I can be pretty forward. Not that I thought he'd care much. With the crowd cheering above, I just reached across us and began rubbing that bulge in his jeans. As I expected, he didn't care, only groaned softly. Confident that nobody would look down with a playoff game going above, I began undoing his jeans. When his cock sprang free, I gave a small gasp. He was a hell of a lot thicker than I'd ever believed. "Maybe I should've given you that date," I said stroking his thickness.

"Nah Anna, after getting to know you better, I'm pretty sure all we'd do is fight if together," he said, with is eyes closed. "Besides, I wasn't looking for a date."

"Only some pussy?"

"Yes. I know that sounds bad."

"It does. But if I'd have known you had this, I'd have given you some. Well better late than never right?" I didn't wait for him to answer only got on my hands and sucked his thick cock into my mouth. It really was thick, and filled my mouth right up. I heard Jimmy groan loud. I gave a soft moan and began sucking slowly up and down, enjoying it. I could feel I was soaked now, and the thought only spurred me on. Those two boyfriends I got sexual with told me I was very got at blowjobs, and I would be willing to bet Jimmy would agree. I pulled him out of my mouth and began licking his head bulb, which was huge, flicking him with my tongue. Jimmy moaned loud. In my mind I wondered if someone would look down and bust us, and that thought made me twice as hot, and I plunged him back into my mouth, sucking up and down like a machine. Jimmy was too thick to deepthroat, but I worked him until he was squirming from how good it felt.

Eventually I felt him tug my hair, and I pulled up to have him slip closer and begin touching me. Almost instantly I moaned loud as his hands found my perky breasts first. My T-shirt was up over my head in a moment, and he'd undone my bra in another. I was surprised at how deft he was at undressing women. Jimmy wasn't a guy who got many. Then his mouth closed around my left nipple and I forgot that, focusing on the pleasure. "Fuck yeah," I said as he moved to the other nipple. His hands were up my skirt, gripping two handfuls of my ass. My back arched and I looked up. That's when I saw eyes.

Blue ones to be exact, looking back at me through a gap in the bleachers. It was a woman, a student, nobody I knew. She was blonde and, from what I could see, pretty. Our eyes met and she nodded and grinned at me. Then Jimmy pulled my head down to kiss me and our tongues met, his hands now squeezing my perky breasts together. He kneeled and stood me up, sliding my skirt down. I looked but the pretty blonde was gone. Then I looked back down to see Jimmy pulling off my panties. I thanked God I'd shaved yesterday. Then he pulled me back down, a hand between my legs. His fingers hit my wet pussy like a shock and I moaned softly. He rubbed my clit firmly, then I felt him trying to push me down and I laid down on my blanket. Jimmy laid down himself and started eating me out.

Now only one of my two ex boyfriends had ever gone down on me. The other one didn't believe in oral sex (giving or receiving) but my other ex was pretty good at it, and I'd gotten off that way. Jimmy though, he was better, even though he'd never so much as done more than hugged me until today, he seemingly knew what to do. I suppose it's pretty easy once you know how. I moaned loud as he ate my pussy, his warm tongue tickling and licking my clit. I ran my hands through his hair, and my head rolled to once side. Then I saw her again.

The pretty blonde. She was not far away, also under the bleachers. Partially concealed by a support beam, she was watching us! And not just watching! As cheers erupted above, her top was up and her breasts (bigger than mine I will rather jealously admit) were out. One hand was fondling them. The other was deep in her denim booty shorts, which were unbuttoned. She was masturbating to us! All of the sudden, this became the hottest thing I'd ever done, hottest sex I'd ever had or even thought of! "Jimmy," I moaned as he was still working my pussy with his tongue. "Fuck me!"

Jimmy complied and climbed on top of me. His belly was a bit uncomfortable but I was too horny to care, and when he pushed inside of me, I forgot all about that. He was very thick, and I could feel myself stretching a bit. "Damn Anna, you are tight," he moaned, suckling my nipple again before setting himself up to begin thrusting. I didn't want Jimmy to know we were being watched, it would either scare him or make him cum prematurely, so I kept my eyes on his cock stretching me, which felt fucking amazing! I reached down to rub my clit as he began to go faster, which made him moan and groan. He closed his eyes as he was fucking me, and I chanced a look. The blonde had her shorts pulled down now and though I really couldn't see with Jimmy on top, she looked like she was masturbating faster. "Harder," I moaned seeing the sight. Jimmy complied and begin fucking me harder, making me cry out loud several times. But constant cheering was going on above us so nobody else knew. Or cared.

I eventually pushed off the ground and laid him down. I mounting Jimmy's thick cock, groaning, and began riding him hard, rolling my hips. His hands came up to grope my tits and with his eyes on them, I looked a the blonde again. She had bent over, her ass sticking the other way, no doubt to be able to rub herself easier. I looked down as I slammed myself on Jimmy's cock. His eyes were closed, lost in the sensation. I looked up at the blonde, our eyes meeting again and I mouthed "show" and she understood. She straightened up and spread her legs. Her pussy was tiny and swollen. I smiled at her, then sensations took me, and I returned my attention to Jimmy.

I know it sounds like I'm not fair to Jimmy that my attention keeps wandering. It's not that he's not fucking me awesomely, he is! I'm just living a fantasy of mine for the first time, and even better, someone else is getting off to it! I rolled my hips hard, slamming myself down on his thick cock. I leaned down to kiss him hard, his tongue seeking mine which I gave him. Hi gripped my ass and began thrusting hard. I knew I was getting close and I said in his ear, "fuck me Jimmy" and he needed no further prompting. He hammered me with more vigor than I thought him ever capable of. Remember he's a beer bellyed historian and archeologist, so you wouldn't think he'd be capable of fucking like a demon. But maybe that was part of his game. "If more people knew you fucked like this, you'd have plenty of cheerleaders," I moaned out loud.

Jimmy didn't answer, I just groaned. I looked at the blonde again. She had sat herself down now, her legs wide, two fingers in her pussy, her other hand rubbing her clit, clearly getting close herself. The sight, and Jimmy's thick cock fucking me, was too much, and I began cumming hard, almost screaming. I pulled myself off him as a rush shot through me and I squirted all over his cock and legs. I'd never squirted before! "Fuck Anna, didn't know you were a gusher," Jimmy said in surprise.

"Neither did I," I managed to moan as I lay limp on him, his hard cock sticking up like a flagpole. The blonde was going at herself furiously now, and, to keep Jimmy from potentially hearing her moan, I swept down and sucked him back into my mouth. I tasted myself, and loved it, began sucking like a machine. Jimmy's eyes were closed again, and I looked at the blonde with my mouth full of cock. I think she knew to be quiet, but fortunately for her, the crowd erupted in massive cheers just as she started cumming, and she was clearly crying out loudly.

"Anna, I'm gonna cum," I heard Jimmy say. I smiled at him with my eyes and only sucked harder, and when I felt him convulse and cry out I let go, just as jet's of his cum hit my face. He squirted cum 4 times, all over my face (I closed my eyes just in time) before he laid back, panting. Wiping my eyes, I saw the blonde winking at me, as she pulled her shorts on and top down, then she walked out of sight. "What's up Anna?" Jimmy asked noting my gaze.

Looking down at him I smiled. "I hate to ruin the moment, but the game may be over soon. We don't want to be here, naked, when the crowd departs. I think I saw someone but they didn't see us."

"Oh shit!" Jimmy jumped up and started gathering his clothes. I followed suit, wiping the cum off of my face and out of my hair. As we were both fully dressed again Jimmy spoke, "Anna I don't know if you did that out of pity or lust, or whether it will ever happen again, but I'll always treasure this."

This is why I loved him as a friend. So nice, a good guy who always appreciated you! "Well it was kinda pity at first," I confessed. "But then it was pure lust when I saw that cock. And it may happen again, who knows?" I winked teasingly. "But I can see Joey, so lets go. And not a word of this to anyone! You tell anyone about this, and this won't happen ever again." I promised. Jimmy nodded. A few weeks later, he didn't tell anyone. He's always true to his word. I haven't seen that blonde since. It's not like there aren't tons of blondes, both natural and bottle, in college. Jimmy and I have casually hooked up a once since, strictly buddy fuck. But none were as hot as that day. I wonder where that blonde girl is now? I wonder if she's still getting off to the memory of us? I know I'm getting off to the memory of her watching us!