 It was early in the morning and I'd just gotten out of bed. My wife had long since gone to her work, since she was on the 7﷓3 shift that day. I work from home so I set my own hours, usually about ten a day. I remembered that the pants I had to wear that day were still in the dryer so I walked out to the utility room, naked, which is how I sleep. Throwing a damp towel in with the pants, I turned the dryer on to get the wrinkles out and headed for some coffee. It had long since gone cold, so I stuck a cupful in the microwave while I put some things out for breakfast. With a hot cup of coffee in hand, I walked through the house to boot up the computer. A quick check of my email and I went back to the kitchen, cup in hand, with no thought whatsoever that I was stark naked. 

I’ve never had any qualms about being naked in my own house since we live in a very small town and there are only a few houses on our street, and we sit back off the street about 25 feet. There are blinds in the kitchen, but at six in the morning no one is going to be looking in my windows anyway. I mean, what are the odds that someone will be staring into my window at six in the morning on the outside chance that they’ll see me naked. .

When the buzzer on the dryer went off, I finished my coffee and went to get the clothes out. My hand had just touched the dryer door when the phone rang. Padding back into the kitchen, I picked up the phone to hear our neighbor's voice on the line. 

"That's a very nice outfit you're wearing," she cooed. 

I felt like an idiot. There I stood, stark naked, in front of the big window in the breakfast room. I jumped back to take shelter behind the cabinets. 

"Cindy, what the hell are you doing looking in my window?" I yelled. 

"Hell Rich, I thought you were putting on a show for me. I'm not complaining, why are you? I just told you I liked what I saw."

"Is that all you wanted?" I asked. "I've got things to do and one of them is not making my neighbor wet. Take a cold shower or something."

"Hold on, hot shot, I need to talk to you."

"Oh, for...let me get some jeans on so I don't let it all hang out."   "Whatever," she replied. "I don't care if you're naked or not. I just need to talk to you right away."

I pulled my jeans one, remembering too late that I had a brass button and a now very hot

zipper on them.. After cursing a few times and pulling the hot metal away from my flesh, I finally got them snapped and zipped. 

"If you're looking for Janice, you missed her. She works the early shift today."   "I knew that, Rich. I've been waiting for her to leave so we could talk."

"Talk? Talk about what?"

"Let's just say it's something you don't want to discuss in front of your wife."

I leaned over to search for some Danish that I'd picked up the night before, thinking about my neighbor watching me naked through that window. I never considered Cindy to be a beauty or drop﷓dead﷓gorgeous, but she's not the least bit unpleasant to look at. Far from it. Her shoulder length auburn hair and dark brown eyes highlight her creamy complexion. She always wears oversized sweatshirts or tee shirts that are dark enough and large enough that you see no hint of how she's built, and I've spent a lot of time staring at her, guessing at what that shirt covered. I'd seen enough of her ass as she bent over to know that it was damned nice. 

"Should I be worried about where this is going?" I asked. 

"I hope not," she replied, "but I don't think so."

"I guess you've got the advantage over me because I have no idea what you're trying to say."

"What would your wife say if she found out that you've been cheating on her?"   ` I damned near choked on my Danish. "What the hell are you talking about? I haven't been cheating on her."

"Oh really? Would you like to bet that I can convince her that you have?"

I didn't reply for a minute, suddenly realizing that it wouldn't be all that hard to do since she's been insinuating for a long time that I have. Visions of being kicked out flashed through my mind. It wouldn't be the first time, but it wasn't something I'd like to repeat. 

"Ok, ok, what are you saying? You know I don't have any money, Cindy. Hell, I'm trying to figure out how to pay my bills as it is."

"I don't want your damned money, Rich. I'm not hurting for cash. Hell, I probably have more than you do. No, it's not money that I'm looking for."

"DAMN IT Cindy, what do you want?"

"Calm down, Rich. No need to get excited. Why don't you come over and have some coffee with me so we can talk face to face. I think you'll be glad you did."

"You're crazy, woman. You've lost your mind. If Janice was to find out you've even seen me naked, she'd board up the damned window and quit her job so she could keep an eye on me. If one of the neighbors saw me coming over there and let it slip, it would be all over but the crying and you know it."

"I know that, but no one has to see you come over here. There's a way to take care of that."

"Damn it, Cindy, I can't do that. Can't you talk to me now?"

"I could, but I don't think I want to. I could come over there but old lady Warwick would be sitting there waiting for Janice to come home tonight. Think about it Rich. I've already seen you naked and you know I can convince her of anything I want. You don't have to worry about me slipping up and letting her find out what's going on while she's gone. She'll never know unless you tell her. Get some shoes on and drive around the block. Pull in Marge's drive and park back where they park the motor home. They're gone for the summer and no one can see you there because of the bushes. I'll leave the back garage door open for you. Fifteen minutes, Rich, that's all I'll wait."

The sound of the dial tone was all I heard after that. I slammed the phone down and went to sit on my recliner, where I do my best thinking. I stared at the clock as the second hand swept around, mumbling to myself about that damned infuriating woman. What the hell did she want anyway? To hell with it, let her tell Janice whatever she wanted to. I'd catch hell and we'd fight like two cats for a week or two but that's all. What the hell, if she kicked me out, I'd be fine. Then the real world got hold of me. We wouldn't fight like cats at all, she'd scream for weeks about my infidelity and in the end, I'd be kicked out and I'd be screwed. There's no way I have enough money to make it. She'd get the house and I'd get the shaft and wind up living in an old mobile home in one of those last chance trailer parks.

It had been almost ten minutes when I slipped into my shoes and went out to the garage, knowing she was watching me every minute. I drove down the street and turned as though I was going to town, then looped around and slipped into Marge's drive, pulling as far into the bushes as I could get. The back door of her garage was open so I slipped in and closed it behind me.

Her car was in the garage and she waited for me at the foot of the stairs that led to their game room over the garage. Neither of us said a word as I followed her up the stairs, watching the sway of her ass under the loose sweats she wore. 

Their game room covers the whole second story of the two car garage. A professional sized pool table sits in one corner, while an oversized six sided card table sat in the opposite corner. A dart board is on one wall and a big screened TV sits below it. The other wall is blank paneling behind a fair sized wet bar. 

She sat on the oversized couch and patted seat next to her. I headed for one of the bar stools but she stopped me. "You don't want to upset me Rich but I want you to watch a video."

I sat next to her as she turned the TV on. After a few scenes from an old porn film, I saw our house. As I watched, the camera zoomed in on that big window to show me walking back and forth, stark naked. There was a shot of me bent over the dryer, taking clothes out, and one of me putting my breakfast on the table, then sitting down to eat. Then there was a shot of me with my cock in my hands as I milked it pretty hard. Seconds later, I hurried from the kitchen and I knew I was headed for some tissues. All of a sudden, I saw some more footage of me with my cock in my hands, but then another hand reached over to stroke up and down...a feminine hand. A few seconds later, I saw the naked back of what was obviously a woman's head, evidently as she went down on me. 

"What the fuck, Cindy? Who is that? I've never had another woman in that house and you know it."

"Umm, I don't know, Rich. She sure looks like she's standing right in front of you and I'd bet money she's sucking your cock. More importantly though, is that Janice will believe it. That and about another twenty minutes of it."

"What's going on here, Cindy?: I asked. "What are you saying?"

"I decided a long time ago that you needed more action, Rich, and I'm just the one to give it to you."

"That's blackmail," I replied. 

"I don't think so Rich. Coercion, perhaps but not blackmail. I don't want money, I just want you to fuck me silly sometimes. We both win and no one gets hurt. That video will never be seen again as long as you take care of my needs and I take care of yours."

"What the hell makes you think I need more than I'm getting?" I asked.

"Rich, Rich, Rich, you jack off every time you're alone, sometimes two and three times in one day. That doesn't sound like a satisfied man to me. I haven't had an orgasm in months and damn it, I'm going to get them and you're going to help me."

"You're out of your mind, Cindy. I'm not..."

"Stand up Rich," she ordered.

I have no idea why I did it, but I did. She walked around me, looking at the cock that was acting like it had a mind of its own. "Take your jeans off," 

"I don't think so," I replied, not moving to do so. 

The next thing I knew, my jeans were yanked down, scraping over my semi﷓hard cock, giving me a jolt of pain. Before I could say anything, her hand was wrapped around my cock, sliding the tender flesh up and down my shaft. I groaned involuntarily but she took that as a sign I was enjoying it and continued. When I tried to push her hand away, she slapped at my hand and rammed the skin back so hard it was painful. 

"I can hurt you if that's what you want Rich, or I can rock your socks. It's up to you, but I promise you that I will have my way with you. Either that or the video goes to Janice. You can destroy that one if you wish," she said, as though she was reading my mind, "but it isn't the original. Now it's time for you to decide if you want me to rape you, share some great sex, or send out the video. It's up to you."

My slumping shoulders must have been the only signal that she needed because she smiled wrapped her hand around my cock and balls. "I knew I could get you to cooperate," she said, pulling me to her by my cock. "Now let's get serious."

She pushed me back to the couch and started a slow strip. My cock was like a flag pole as she stripped off the sweatshirt and allowed her breasts their freedom. I was grateful that she didn't wear a bra but then she really didn't need one. She was about a 36 C or D, firm as a ripe melon, with nipples that stood out proudly, long and begging. Her sweats went next and she stood before me in nothing but black thongs. Good Lord, what a body. Damn, I was hard as a rock with pre﷓cum slipping down over my knob. 

She crawled up on the couch then, straddling me, with her hands on the back of the couch. That put her wet pussy right at the same level as my face. "Eat me," she ordered, as she spread herself as wide as her knees would allow. I put my head back and reached my tongue up to lick over her thighs and the edge of her pussy lips. She moaned and pushed into my face, forcing me to reach up and spread her pussy open, while my tongue dove into her core, then started lapping at her. I love to eat a woman. I love the drama, the emotions, the eroticism of her sounds and her actions. The more audible they are, the more I try to make them moan, groan, mewl, gasp and beg for more. The ultimate high is the sound of the orgasm building, tearing them apart as my tongue lashes at their clit and into the special little spot just below it. When they slip over the top, I am in heaven. 

When she came, she gushed. It's something every man dreams of but most women can't accomplish. She filled my mouth over and over again with her hot cum and I sucked every drop of her I could handle. It covered my face, my throat and my chest and I loved every minute of it. 

I held her to me while I lapped at her thighs and up her ass crack to caress that hot button with my tongue. She gasped and opened herself to me while I licked into it, trying to get my tongue inside. My cock was standing high and anxious as she lowered herself onto me. The walls of her tight pussy engulfed me and pulled me in until she was completely down on me, my cock buried deep inside that hot pussy. I held her there, enjoying the feel of her wetness and the pulsing of her pussy walls until she began moving back and forth, then up and down. I knew I wouldn't last long because it had been just too long since my last piece of ass. She picked up

speed and began gyrating over my cock, banging my balls into me while she moaned almost constantly until I felt her begin to tighten on my cock. It was more than I could handle and I felt my balls tighten to warn of my oncoming climax as the hot cum boiled out of my balls and sprayed her hot pussy with pulse after pulse, filling her, only to run down my cock and over my balls. She crawled off of me and started to lick me clean but I pushed her back on my legs and pulled her legs over my shoulders as I sucked my cum from her and licked her clean. 

She pulled me up and led me to the day bed, dropping face down onto it while I crawled up next to her. 

"Not bad for an old man," she panted  "I think we're both going to enjoy our little adventure." 

I'd forgotten that I was doing this under threat until she reminded me. 

"Look, Cindy, that was great and you have a fantastic body but we just can't keep doing this. Sooner or later, one of us is going to say or do something and we're going to get caught. I can't afford to take that chance."

"Listen to me carefully Rich. Nothing about our situation is changed except that now we both know that sex between us is pretty damned awesome. I have a lot of plans and ideas and nothing you say or do will change them. What you saw on that video is nothing compared to what is on the rest of it. Remember the woman that was going down on you? I've got a video of your cock slipping into her tight ass. Never mind how, I just have. Wonderful science, this computer video program. You and I both know you never fucked anyone in their ass but Janice doesn't know and she wouldn't believe you if you told her you hadn't so lets quit the bull shit and enjoy each other."

I slipped my clothes on without further comment and went for a drive to try to figure things out. Nothing I could say or do would counter the ammunition she had to use against me. I was fucked, literally and factually. I could either accept her terms or move out now and take my licks, a poor choice of words. It was while I was driving that I suddenly realized that I may have just given her the most potent weapon she could get. When I sat on the couch, she pushed me there. Was it possible that it was no accident that she'd chosen that particular spot? Could she have had cameras focused on that spot? If so, I gave her everything she needed to completely control me. I pulled to the side of the road and beat my fisted hands into the steering wheel until I could get rid of the frustration I was feeling. 

I didn't hear from her for over a week but then I walked into the house one evening and saw an empty video mailer lying on the kitchen table. My heart dropped into my shoes. I swallowed hard and walked into the living room trying to act natural. 

"Rich," she began, "why is someone sending me an empty video case? Were you expecting a video from someone?"

"Not that I know of ." I lied. "Probably put the wrong address on it or something. Who knows?"

"But why would anyone send an empty case? That doesn't make any sense at all." I just shrugged my shoulders and picked up the paper.

The next day I waited until Janice went to work, then gave Cindy a call, ready for a knock down all out fight. Of course, I never got the first punch in. As soon as she answered the phone, she went on the attack. 

"That was just a reminder Rich, so you don't forget your obligations."

"That's bull shit, Cindy. I gave you what you wanted, and you turn around and scare the shit out of me? What kind of crap is that?"

"Just a reminder that we aren't done. What you gave me was good, just not enough. Lucky for you I've been on my period this week. I'm back and I'm horny. See you in ten minutes, fifteen tops. The garage door is open."

"Wait a damned minute, Cindy."

"Fifteen minutes tops, Rich. I'm waiting and you know I don't like to be kept waiting." 

I slammed the phone down and cursed the day we moved in to this house. 

I slipped into some jeans and a pullover, pulled on some shoes and took the usual drive into Marge's drive. She wasn't at the bottom of the stairs this time but she called to me, inviting me up stairs. She was standing in the middle of the room, wearing a stretch top that came just below her tits, and bikini panties. She smiled and came over to me. 

"We were in too much of a hurry last time, Rich. Let's slow down and get to know each other's bodies better. Tease me with lots of foreplay before you make me come."

She pulled off my shirt and began chewing and sucking on my nipples while she stroked my face, neck and chest mewling into my skin. I hesitated, but couldn't deny what my body was telling me. She raised up and kissed me several times and I found my hand going to the back of her head to pull our lips into each other as our tongues began their dance. I pulled her top up over her breasts and began rubbing into her, breasts to breasts. Something inside of me said stop, stop. It was no match for the part of me that said more, more. 

She reached down to rub over my now﷓roaring erection which ended any thought of putting up any resistance. I moved her to the day bed and, without letting go of her, laid her down, with me on top. Without much pretense, I descended on her breasts, kissing down the globe to swirl my tongue around her hard nipples. Still moving from breast to breast, I laved my tongue over her nipples several times, then inhaled one as I rolled the other between my fingers. 

She had her hand on the back of my head, forcing my face into her as she thrust her breasts up, urging me on with her moans and pleas for more. 

Sucking her nipple into my lips, I attacked with tongue and lips, stopping occasionally to nibble at the nipple before moving to the other breast. Now she was pushing my head downward and I was glad to oblige. Licking my way down that beautiful body, I paused to play with her navel, then got up, pulling, then nearly ipping her bikini bottoms away from her to throw them on the floor. I stripped quickly, then went to the foot of the day bed and lifter her foot to kiss and suck on her toes. Some women don't care for this but that wasn't the case for her. She began twisting and groaning, urging me, then begging me to lick them. 

I guess I got carried away because she screamed that she needed to come so I licked my way up one leg, then the other, stopping short of my goal, even though she sat up and grabbed my hair and tried to pull me in. I did let her force me to lick and suck on her thighs but when she was getting close, she forced my face in and wrapped her legs around me, jamming it into the very wet pussy lips. 
