 If there was one thing that Darla Hanson absolutely hated, it was multi-tasking. She had always thought that if something was worth doing, than you should give your full attention to doing it properly. Distractions were a pain in the ass.

Sometimes, however, there was no choice. Take now for instance. Her mother had called at a most inopportune time but what could she do; it was her mother after all. You couldn't ignore your own mother could you?

"Yes mother. Of course I did mother. Uh huh. Yes. Ok."

This was silly Darla thought. She had to end this conversation right now.

"I'm sorry mother. I see that the mailman's coming. I'm expecting an important delivery. I've got to put you on hold for a minute, ok?"

Darla pushed the mute button and turned her head just in the nick of time. A thick wad of hot, juicy cum splashed against her cheek and nose. Darla opened her mouth and stuck out her cute little tongue, inviting the rest of Mr. Johnson's huge load inside. 

She grabbed his ass and pulled him to her, forcing his cock into her open mouth as shot after shot of his delicious hot cum erupted into her. Darla loved the taste of cum, loved the feeling of it shooting into her mouth and down her throat. She would gladly have sucked cock all day if she could have.

Harvey Johnson had been her mailman for several years before the first time that Darla had invited him in for a cold drink one hot summer's day. Maybe it was the way he looked in those tight Government Issue shorts but within minutes Darla had pushed them down to his ankles and had swallowed his manhood. Harvey was a married man but there was no way in hell that he was going to turn down a blow job from this hot, sexy woman. He had held out as long as he could but finally with a shudder of pure pleasure he had cum in her mouth. He had been more than somewhat surprised that she had swallowed his whole load without wasting a drop. Who knew?

After that it had become a weekly ritual. Every Friday afternoon, Harvey would deliver her mail and then a hot load of cum to Darla. It never changed. She had no desire to fuck him or to see him any other day of the week. Actually, Harvey thought, it was a little weird. Nice but weird. He was too smart to complain.

Darla worked her lips and tongue around the head of his cock, coaxing every last drop from him. She pulled it out of her mouth and licked the underside of the throbbing head as her hand slid up and down its wet, shiny length. She was rewarded as one last wad of cum appeared at the tip. Greedily she licked it up and gave his cock a long, lingering kiss.

Harvey took just a second to catch his breath and then pulled his shorts back up. Part of the ritual was the fact that after he had fed her his load, she liked him to leave as soon as possible. After all, what more was there to say after that?

"Until next Friday," he murmured as he walked out the door. Darla waved goodbye absentmindedly as she licked her lips and picked up the phone.

"Mother, are you still there? Yes I got the delivery." She suddenly remembered the cum on her cheek and she used her fingers to scoop it up and pop it into her mouth.

"Oh I'm just having a little snack Mother. That's right; a girl's got to keep her strength up. Ha ha."

Later, after Darla had hung up the phone, she took a moment to plan out the rest of her day. Mr. Johnson had temporarily sated her desires but Darla knew that wouldn't last long. The entire Postal Service couldn't deliver enough cum to satisfy her needs, Darla thought with a laugh.

"You're such a slut," she said aloud to herself. It was true, Darla knew, she was a slut. She liked sex, lots of sex, and she wasn't all that particular about who knew it. She liked sex with men, with women and even with both at the same time. She liked sucking and fucking in every possible way and she liked it all the time. Well, she thought to herself, if that made her a slut in some people's eyes, then tough shit.

Long ago Darla had learned the rules of the game and had rejected them. If men could fuck around and be called studs or whatever, then why couldn't women do the same? Her appetite for sex was as large as any mans so why should she deny herself?

She had tried marriage at a young age but it had not lasted long. Darla was never meant to be the property of any one person. She was the master of her own life and that was how it would stay from now on. She had enough money from the marriage settlement so that she didn't need to work. She could concentrate on what was really important, fulfilling her sexual needs.

At 25, Darla was at the peak of her physical beauty and carnal appetite. Her long auburn hair hung shoulder length framing her beautiful face. Her body was damn near perfect and she knew how to use it to get what she wanted. Rarely was she ever turned down for anything she might seek. If some might call her a slut, well, what of it? She thought of herself that way sometimes too. In fact, she embraced the term.

Usually on Fridays Darla spent the day shopping. She might buy herself a new outfit, have some lunch and then have a little "adventure." Her "adventures" usually consisted of finding someone new to fuck her brains out and then wile away the rest of the day and evening having sex with them. Darla had an address book full of names and numbers of lovers who would jump at the chance to see her again but she often preferred to find strangers to satisfy her needs. There was just something exciting about having sex with someone new.

Darla smiled at the memory of one afternoon several years earlier when she had ventured into the local adult movie theater. She had barely seated herself in the middle of a deserted row of seats when she noticed several men begin to fill the seats in the rows around her. She had crossed her long legs letting her skirt ride up high on her thighs. May as well give them another show besides the one on the screen she had laughed to herself. Before long the men were leaning over the seats peering at her. Darla noticed that several of them had their hands busy in their laps, stroking their cocks.

So many cocks around her, she thought, it would be a pity to waste the opportunity. She began slowly rubbing her breasts and licking her full lips. One of the men, bolder than the others, sat down next to her. She smiled and lowered her hand to his lap and began stroking his cock. It felt so good in her hand. She smiled at the rest of the men who now filled the seats around her.

Someone from behind reached around her and began rubbing her breasts. She moaned and said to the man in the row in front of her "Let me suck your cock honey." He stood up and unzipped himself and stood on the seat. Darla knew that everyone in the theater could see what was happening but she didn't care. She bent forward and took his cock into her mouth. The sounds of her sucking and slurping filled the theater or so it seemed at the time.

Soon there were throbbing cocks all around her. As fast as she would take one in her mouth there would be two or three more slapping against her face. She was aware that two men had lifted her up and laid her down in the wide aisle of the theater. Men surrounded her and she felt her clothes being pulled from her. She felt wild, like an animal whose only aim was to get fucked. Cocks entered her pussy and her mouth only to be pulled out and replaced with another. Men shot hot loads of cum in her mouth, on her breasts, and in her pussy. It was wonderful!

Eventually all the men were finished with her. She must have sucked off at least fifteen men and who knew how many more had fucked her. There had been cum in her hair and her ears and her body was coated in it. She had stumbled off to the bathroom where she had cleaned herself up as best as she could and then drove home.

From time to time after that she would return to the theater when she was in the mood but at some point it had closed down. Everybody was watching videos at home now, not in public theaters. Too bad!

Well! Darla shook her head to remove the vision of herself sucking off hoards of horny men at the movies. That was then and this was now and now was the time for one of Darla's favorite things. Umm, how she had come to love Fridays!

It had been about six months ago when Darla had first met Jenny. As a rule, Darla never attempted to meet the neighbors; it was just better that they minded their own business and stayed out of her life. They had their lifestyles and she had hers. That didn't mean however that Darla was oblivious to what was happening around her.

She knew that the neighbors on her right were very conservative and very religious. The bumper of their car was covered with stickers advertising their faith, and their few brief meetings had usually resulted in their inviting Darla to their church. Darla had politely declined. After that they kept a polite distance. That was fine with Darla.

One Sunday Darla had been out in her yard when she was surprised to hear someone crying in the yard next to her. Usually her neighbors were in church all day Sunday so she was surprised that anyone was there at all, much less crying mournfully.

She peered over the fence and saw the neighbor's daughter seated at the picnic table bawling her eyes out. Darla had never met this girl but she politely asked if she could help her in any way. After some gentle coaxing, the girl had reluctantly come over to Darla's house.

The girl's name was Jenny and she was eighteen years old and a senior at the high school. It took a bit but eventually her story came pouring out in a flood of tears and sobs.

It seemed that Jenny wasn't quite as eager to spend her life as a "good" girl, at least as her parents defined the word. Here she was eighteen years old and she had never been on a date, never kissed a boy or even held hands "or anything." She was tired of the plain, frumpy clothes her parents made her wear. She was tired of their interference in her life and in everything she did. She felt like she was being "smothered." The only reason she was home now and not at the start of a long Sunday at church was that she had faked being ill and even then her parents had almost made her go anyway. Soon another explosion of tears rendered her speechless.

Darla looked Jenny over carefully. She was a very pretty girl perhaps even beautiful but you would never see it at first glance. She knew nothing of makeup, her clothes were so baggy and conservative that the word 'pathetic' came easily to mind and her hair needed some serious work. And yet...

Her skin was beautiful, radiant almost; her eyes were a deep blue and seemed to lock you in place when she looked you in the eyes. Darla also took notice of the fact that she seemed to have a beautiful body under her conservative clothing. She was like a beautiful painting that was covered with grime from years of neglect. Sometimes though, once the grime was taken off you were left with a masterpiece that you never knew you had.

Darla was intrigued with the idea of helping this girl. She knew the risks of course, the girl's parents would never allow it and in fact the girl herself could prove to be unworthy of the attention it would take. Still it would be interesting.

Darla told Jenny that she might be willing to help her but that it would have to be a secret just between the two of them. She would teach her some things about makeup and clothing and especially about 'boys.' That is, if she were interested.

Jenny jumped at the chance. She hugged Darla tightly and Darla could feel Jenny's firm young breasts pressing into hers. Despite herself, Darla felt herself getting wet. This could be very interesting, she thought.

So it began. After school, when her parents thought that she was working on the school paper or some other extracurricular activity, Jenny would sneak into Darla's house the back way. Darla made her feel right at home and after two or three days Jenny began to visibly relax .Darla and Jenny were the same size so she would try on Darla's clothes. The first time she tried on one of Darla's miniskirts she blushed so deeply that Darla almost laughed. Soon however she was at ease in that outfit.

Darla had been right. Jenny had a beautiful body. Her legs were long and smooth and shapely. The miniskirts showed them off perfectly and Darla knew that soon the boys, who had ignored her up to this point, would be all over her.

Her young breasts were full and Darla's outfits clung to them enticingly. Darla longed to take them in her hands and run her wet tongue over the young girl's nipples, feeling them swell in her mouth. She knew it was too soon however.

After a couple of weeks Darla decided it was time for a road trip. She drove to a mall on the other side of town where there was no chance of running into Jenny's parents. She took the girl shopping for a couple of outfits and the results were predictable.

Men turned and gawked at the sight of the two women in their revealing outfits and two guys actually approached them and offered to buy them lunch. Darla politely declined although on another occasion she might have taken them both home. Jenny seemed stunned at the attention but Darla noted that she never stopped smiling. Things seemed to be going just as Darla had planned.

Later, back at the house, Darla carefully began questioning Jenny about her knowledge of boys and sex. Jenny explained that sex was for "having babies" and had to wait for marriage. She was not allowed to date boys and had to pray every night in order to keep her thoughts pure.

Christ, Darla thought, why do parents spend so much time and energy lying to their children about sex and its wonders. Probably because they had been lied to in their day and so the bullshit just went on and on. She sighed. It would take some work to undo the damage that had been done to Jenny already, Darla thought.

Darla however, was very wrong on that score.

Jenny had been waiting all her life for someone like Darla to come along. She had sensed at an early age that her parent's lifestyle was wrong for her. She had longed to meet someone more 'down to earth' who could teach her the way to a different lifestyle. She hadn't known what that lifestyle would be but she was ready to learn. She wanted to know everything and she perceived that sex had to be a part of it.

She had loved the way men had looked at her in the mall and she was experiencing physical urges that she had never felt before. What's more, she was surprised to find out that she liked those feelings. She wanted more of them.

As Darla began teaching her what sex was really all about, Jenny instinctively felt that finally she was getting the truth from someone. Things that she had thought and felt in her private world suddenly made sense. It was like tumblers in a lock falling in place and the lock suddenly clicking open and free.

Darla talked for almost an hour without interruption. She explained every aspect of sexual behavior as she understood it and talked at length about her own personal lifestyle and beliefs. She hadn't planned on going this far so soon but she could see the girl hanging on her every word. What the hell she thought, maybe it's best to find out now what kind of girl she was dealing with before she invested any more of her time.

Finally Darla finished her talk. She looked in Jenny's eyes and it wasn't fear or repulsion that she saw there. It was eagerness or so it seemed to her. Jenny smiled.

"Will you teach me things?" she asked tentatively.

"Perhaps."

"Please? I really want to know things. I'll do whatever you want."

"Whatever I want? You'll do whatever I say?"

"Oh yes. Anything."

"You understand everything I told you? That people might talk about me. People might call me things that most might find offensive. If you're with me people might say the same things about you."

"I don't care."

"Your parents will probably go apeshit you know." You might have to leave."

"I don't care about them. I'll leave anyway. I'm 18 now; I can do what I want."

My god, Darla thought to herself, is this really happening? This had proceeded so quickly that there had been no time to think things through. One look at the eager expression on Jenny' face however, removed any doubts.

"Well then, why don't we see just how much you really mean what you say. Come over her and sit next to me Jenny." Jenny quickly arose and sat primly next to Darla on the couch.

"First thing honey, you have beautiful legs you know. When you sit down, let your skirt ride up on your thighs. Then you can slowly cross your legs if you like. Let people get a good view.

Jenny stood back up and then sat down again. Her miniskirt rode way up her legs this time. She crossed her legs and smiled at Darla.

"That's it honey. There won't be a soft dick in the room if you sit like that..." Darla noticed Jenny blushing when she said the word 'dick'.

"Honey, let me be honest. I like to talk dirty. It turns me on and usually it turns on whoever I'm with. Men find it sexy when beautiful women use nasty language. At least the men I deal with." She laughed.

"You mean like dick?" Jenny giggled.

"Yeah and cocks, pricks and pussy and cunt and best of all, fuck. Try this honey, 'Come on baby and fuck me with that big cock of yours.'"

"Come on baby. Fuck me with that cock." She was blushing to her roots but she was game for this, that much was clear.

Darla smiled. "That's great baby." Her hand began gently brushing Jenny's hair away from her face. She knew that breaking down Jenny's resistance to using dirty language was a step on the path that she had chosen; the path to turning Jenny into a dirty, fucking slut, just like herself. Hmm!

"Now baby, it's important that you talk dirty to me all the time understand? When you learn that, then I'll teach you when to not use that language. First things first however, Jenny have you ever kissed anyone in a sexual way?"

"No," she murmured.

Darla smiled. Leaning slowly forward she took Jenny's head gently in her hands and pulled her toward her. Her lips met Jenny's, gently at first but soon with more urgency.

"Ummm", Jenny moaned and quickly Darla slid her wet tongue into Jenny's welcoming mouth. Her hand slipped down and cupped one of Jenny's firm breasts and began kneading it softly. Jenny stiffened as this new sensation of pleasure spread outward from her breast and seemed to fill her whole body. She felt warm and tingly all over. A new sensation between her legs told her that she was getting wet down there, a feeling she had previously only felt alone at night in her bed when she dared to rub herself there. Her tongue sought out Darla's and they gladly swished together in her mouth.

"Oh honey you taste so good". Darla took Jenny's earlobe in her lips and sucked it. Her hand found its way under Jenny's t-shirt and sought out her nipple. She took it between two fingers and began slowly pulling on it.

"Oh Darla, shit, I've never felt like this before. Oh, don't stop, please don't stop."

"Stop?" Darla giggled. "Oh I won't stop honey." She whispered into Jenny's ear, "I'm going to eat you up baby, I'm going to lick and suck and fuck every inch of your sweet body."

"Oh yes, that's what I want too."

Darla was stroking both of her breasts now. She could feel Jenny's nipples were rock hard. The girl had her head turned back and her eyes closed as she moaned with pleasure. Darla had her now she knew...

"You're my little fuck-bitch now aren't you Jenny? Before I'm through with you you'll be on your knees begging me for my pussy. I'll make you lick my cunt and my asshole and then I'll have some of my men friends over. They'll fuck you every which way and then fuck you again. I'll have you fucking three or maybe four men at the same time and then I'll take you out and make you suck off strangers in public. I'll take you to your fucking high school and have you suck off the whole fucking football team. Ill.."
