 My hands trembled as I flicked the wheel of the lighter in the near darkness of the cave's throat. Flick, flick, flick, the sparks flashed before finally a small tongue of flame licked the dark shaft ahead. The kiss of the lighter was passed to a candle, which helped me see as I zipped shut and hefted my pack.

I walked quickly across the rocky floor, deeper into the gullet of gloom, the candlelight flitting eerily with the motion. Several times I climbed up or down shelves of rock with flowstone draperies and birds nests of dripstone. At the bottom of one such climb, I looked about carefully at the Geigeresque knobby rods of rock and crenulated crevasses before removing my pack and dropping to my belly, dragging myself into a tight lenticular hole.

After a lengthy effort of pulling with weary fingertips, wriggling like a wounded salamander, and pushing with my toes, I flopped out of the narrow tunnel and into a large room. The meager light of my candle did not even touch the walls or ceiling, so I rummaged through my pack and produced several lanterns which I lit and placed strategically around the room.

Where I had entered, black flowstone lapped across the opaque white floor. The icy illusion was furthered by lazy ripples which receded toward the far wall. The walls themselves were covered with white calcite crystals which scintillated like moonlit snow. In turn, like icicles, white flowstone draperies flowed unevenly down the walls from the ribbed, cathedral ceiling which disappeared at it's height in darkness nearly thirty meters above.

I was startled back from my dreamy wonderment by a tap on my shoulder. There she was, just as we had agreed, smiling and laughing at my surprised jump. I, too laughed quietly with a silly grin, and clasped her hands in mine, gazing at her beautiful face in this splendorous place. Her eyes gleamed with excitement, and her full lips still smiled, but she pulled free of my relaxed grasp and stepped back. She pulled her sweater and tee off over her head at once. Her nipples hardened visibly in the chilly cave air, and I felt myself swelling with the need for her. I, too began to disrobe, watching her strip with growing lust. Soon we both stood naked and glistening in the flame lit chamber, and I paused to admire her as she lit more candles from our packs.

Her dark hair swept her back to below her shoulder blades and veiled her lovely face with a playful mystery, falling from a part on the left to conceal much of the right side of her face. Sparkling green eyes and full lips gave her a look of passion in all that she did.

She stood a foot shorter than I, at five foot four inches, and was well sculpted, lithe muscles rippling with her movement beneath her smooth skin. She moved with feline grace, but with a confidence and efficiency no cat could match. Her womanly hips and curvaceous ass belied her narrow waist and flat, exercise sculpted belly. I had yearned for her from the day we met.

The candles we carefully placed nine feet apart at the points of the compass, adding candles along the perimeter of the circle defined by the first four until sixteen candles were neatly arrayed. We unfolded a woolen blanket and laid it in the center of the circle before pressing our eager bodies together in a warming embrace.

Hungrily I devoured her mouth with mine, sweet lips and probing tongues an elixir of lust. We reclined upon the blanket suddenly, with no memory of falling, our hands a chaos of feathery caresses. When it seemed we could stand the tension no more, seeking fingers found their marks. My already turgid cock throbbed and pulsed with electric excitement as her small fingers rubbed it's length and tightened around it's veiny shaft.

She shivered and moaned airily as four fingers bumped lightly across her soft, swelling mound, returning to part tight curls and probe the petals of her sex for the nectar within. The buttery wet folds drew me to delve into her deeper, and I sunk my middle finger to the hilt in her quaking quim, circling her clitoris with my moistened thumb.

Our kisses, too moved on. Tongues and lips followed fingers down from lightly nibbled ears along tender throats, the carotid pulsing lust so close beneath the skin. Trailing along over the shoulders to the elegant arched collarbones and down, nuzzling the cleft of her bosom up the rise of her breasts to tease at the pink eraser nub nipples, parted lips like butterfly wings. Darting tongue first dabbing the nipples, then licking as if at ice cream, then mouthing the breast, sucking and nipping the tip as I continued to descend.

She, too, prolonged my treasured torment, stroking my rampant cock with one hand while scraping lightly down my body with fingernails and a salve of lips a wet tongue.

Soon my hungry mouth replaced my thumb, flicking lightly across her writhing belly to the sexy cleft between thigh and pelvis, and sucking the folds of her pussy before probing her depths with tongue and thrusting finger. I slid a second finger in with the first, slightly curving both to rub the front of her vagina, and she began to scream in orgasm.

Then her throat was silent as she enveloped my rod in it's warm, wet constriction. From our sides I rolled onto my back, pulling her on top of me. Her hot, wet pussy mashed down upon my face and my hips thrust cock down her throat as she shook in ecstasy. When she parted my clenching ass cheeks and pressed upon my anus, I shuddered convulsively. My eyes widened and I gasped into her pussy as her fingers penetrated my ass. She rubbed twice upon my prostate and I lost all control, erupting volcanically, bucking and shuddering to quivering oblivion.

All was still, quiet, and cold except for her warmth and breath. She rolled off of me and turned around, lying with her head on my shoulder, our bodies the only warm sanctuary in the inhospitable beauty of the cave. We kissed again, softly, lovingly, without the desperate hunger which had inflamed us before. Too soon our heat could not keep away the biting chill, and we wrapped our blanket around us, huddling tightly together and shivering slightly.

The friction and pressure of our embrace again awoke our passions, and she ground her slippery folds against my hips, thighs, and expanding erection. Her greedy grinding slid my slippery shaft and mushroom cap up between our bellies, and down across the wet petals of pussy to nudge between the globes of her tight glutes.

Her eyes rolled back and she emitted a primal scream as I slid back and rammed my fleshy club to her cervix, mashing her clitoris with the thrust of my curl covered pelvic bone. She came instantly, but I was unwilling to let the experience end yet. I grabbed her ass with both hands and slammed her full of cock, both of us grunting and growling bestial cries. I looked at her fierce, snarling face and she became a savage primate, claws rending the flesh of my back, buttocks, and thighs. A candle gutted and died.

I withdrew from her and guided her to her hands and knees, leaning forward to kiss and lick her ass and small back. I lapped at her pussy doglike, nose to her clean, puckered ass, dabbing my tongue in and along the cleft above.

She was a cave girl, and I reared up, plunging my meaty spear into her with all my might. Again she came, shrieking and grunting, ass and belly slapping a syncopation of primitive lust. My shaft shone shiny wet strobe as each thrust was withdrawn, and every muscle strained to contain the flood of semen building in my balls. Another candle spat it's last light.

In a fevered dream world of sex and sweat she was my slave toy, yet she owned me wholly. I slapped her ass, whooping, and she pressed the side of her face and a shoulder into the blanket, reaching beneath us to tug at my testes and frantically diddle herself. A candle dissolved into a puddle of wax.

The chamber dimmed further, and I was a dark sorcerer with my apprentice and victim, Merlin and Morgana. She clawed my thigh to pull me into her and I pounded her harder yet. I grabbed at her buttocks, spreading them, mesmerized by the sight of our mingling flesh.

Darker still, and I slid my thumb in her cunt with my throbbing cock, sliding it out and up to push against her dilating sphincter. The tight ring of muscle spasmed and relaxed as my knobby thumb plumbed her nether hole. Ass and pussy in spasm, she came again, and I, too roared my release. In delirium and absolute darkness, shuddering convulsion, shrieking and howling, I erupted scalding seed and died the twitching death of satiation and sleep.