 After fucking my son's girlfriend Cee Cee by the pool, I sat next to her while she slept on her towel. She had finally stretched out on her back after curling up into a ball when she couldn't take anymore of my hard cock. I had a clear view of her tight body; looking at her tits rise and fall I started getting another hard-on.

Leaning down I said, "Cee Cee, Cee Cee you need to wake up. You're going to burn your pretty little tits if you don't get out of the sun," I started to gently play with her 36C tits, pinching and massaging her nipples. It had been about a couple hours since she had curled up and went to sleep. I didn't want her to burn and since my son wasn't due back for a few more hours and I wanted to fuck her one more time before he returned.

Her eyes opened slowly and she arched her tits into my hands. "mmmmmmm that feels good, don't stop." She said as her ever-present smile returned. She slowly sat up and taking my face in her hands began to kiss me. Her tongue danced across my lips and into my mouth. My hands continued to fondle her erect nipples and I reached down to insert a finger into her tight cunt. "Shit, I'm horny again. What is it with you and your son? You have got to be the most horny men I have ever met!"

I smiled, stood up, and grabbed her hand lifting her next to me. "It's your sexy body that does it. You've got to know how good you look." Our lips met again in a more passionate kiss. Cee Cee's hands pushed my shorts out of the way so she could grab my now fully erect cock. She continued to excite my cock while we kissed with more and more urgency.

"I'm awful thirsty, do you have anything I can suck on?" She lowered herself to her knees while I sat back down in my chair and spread my legs so she could have easy access to my cock. "Oh, this looks like something that would have a LOT of liquid in it. Guess I'll have to suck it all out though." And took my entire cock down her throat. In all my years I had never run across a woman who could suck so well. Usually they would suck the head of my cock but could not get the entire 8" length into their throat. Cee Cee not only could suck it all, but she did something with her throat muscles which made it feel like she still had her hands around it jacking my cock for all she was worth.

Grabbing Cee Cee's head I began fucking her face. "Suck it you horny bitch. Suck on my fat cock while I fuck your face. Take it deep in your throat. YES, don't stop, I've got to cum again." Her hands had slid around behind me and I could now feel one of her fingers sliding into my ass, keeping time as I shoved my cock down her throat. I could feel my balls start to tighten and knew it would only be a couple minutes before I would blow all over the place. Using all of my will power I pulled Cee Cee's hot mouth off my cock. 

"NO!! CUM IN MY MOUTH NOW!! CRIED Cee Cee.

"Wait, I want to fuck that hot cunt of yours. I want you to cum with me. Get up!!" I lifter her to her feed and we headed back to the house, then upstairs to the master bedroom. There I sat down on the bed and brought her to me. My eyes were level with the ring in her belly button as I started to lick around it. My hands grabbed her ass and pulled her harder into my mouth.

"Lay back on the bed. I wasn't done with you," she said pulling away from me and walking into the bathroom. I pulled myself up into a sitting position, leaning against the headboard as Cee Cee returned with a bottle of baby lotion in her hand. "My turn to drive you nuts." She opened the bottle and poured the oil onto my chest. Her hands began to work the oil into my skin. Next thing I knew she was sucking ad biting on my nipples while her hands were greasing up my rock hard cock.

"You've got a wonderful cock, so nice and long and fat. Every time I touch it I want it in me," she said as she moved her hot cunt over the head of my cock and slowly lowered her beautiful cunt onto it. When she had taken all 8" into her tight cunt she began to move her ass around. "Fuck this is great. The only thing better would be if I had a big cock to suck on while you shoved that fat thing in me."

This started me thinking about what Cee Cee had said earlier about Jerry, my son, getting off on watching me eat her. This excited me even more and I began shoving my cock up to meet her cunt as she pushed down onto me. "Guess we'll have to find you something to chew on," I said, "Got any ideas where you can find someone to help a lady in distress" I smiled at her as we increased the speed of our fucking.

"Maybe," she said and leaned forward to kiss me. We fucked for several minutes before I grabbed her and rolled her over onto her back. I wanted to take control, while her cunt felt great I wanted to shove my cock up her beautiful ass. Pulling her legs up I put them on my shoulders and began to drive my cock deep into her hot hole.

"That's it, fuck me deep. Shove that big cock all the way into me. I love feeling it fill me up". Cee Cee was now meeting every lunge. "God I want more, fuck me harder. I want it deeper in me; " she spat out as we moved faster and faster. I slowed down the pace, shoving my cock into her as hard as I could and leaving it there for a few seconds before pulling almost all the way out of her and shoving it back into her again. I began pushing a finger into her ass with every thrust. "Yes, play with my ass. Fuck my ass. More, I want more, it feels so good."

She was a fucking machine now. Nothing else mattered. I reached over and grabbed the baby oil where she had dropped it. Poured oil all over my hand and shoved two fingers into her ass. "You like that baby? You like having your ass fucked?" I said as I continued to shove my dick into her cunt and my fingers into her ass. "You want my fat cock in your hot ass? Think how that would feel. How it will feel when I shoot my hot cum into your tight ass."

"YES!!" she screamed. I pulled out of her cunt and rolled her over onto her stomach. "Shove your ass up here baby where I can get to it." She immediately was on her knees shoving her gyrating ass toward me. I poured oil all over my cock and began rubbing it in the crack of her ass. "GOD DAM IT FUCK MY ASS – NOW!! Shove that big cock into me before I go crazy." She hissed as her hand disappeared into her cunt. I grabbed my cock and pushed it to her asshole. Then with a shove it was thru the tight ring of her ass and I was 2" into her.

"OH FUCK, THAT HURTS. You're splitting me in half. God I've never had anything so big in my ass before.' She panted. "Don't stop, fuck my ass. Shove your fat cock into my ass." I began fucking into her while she played with her cunt, pulling on her clit and shoving three and then four fingers into her hole. "More, give me more of that cock. I want all of it in me - - NOW."

I thrust my cock into her ass as hard as I could and felt her ass cheeks against my belly. Cee Cee started to cry then laugh then shouted, "I'm cuummiinngg again. God it feels good." She collapsed on the bed. I slowed the pack of my fucking but kept shoving my cock to the hilt in her very tight ass. Every time I hit bottom she would let out a little "ooh". Lying down next to her I kept up my slow fucking rhythm. 

I don't know when I fell asleep. Somebody was shaking me, I couldn't figure out why my son had such a funny look on his face till it dawned on me that both his girl friend Cee Cee and I were naked and she was asleep next to me and my cock was still firmly planted in her ass...