 Dreams of Jeanie. Her smile. She laughs, her teeth and eyes sparkle with a blinding radiance. She leans in to kiss me. Her lips are soft. She smells sweet. She covers me, smothering me. She's warm, light, gentle. She's naked. I kiss her skin everywhere. We roll tangled together. Kisses soft and wet and desperate. I'm above her, I'm pressed against her, I'm inside her. I ache for her. She's perfect and I can't get enough of her. I long for her even having her, as though my heart knows this moment is fleeting. A pang of guilt and a wave of panicked euphoria, grasping sand slipping through my fingers. Sweeping desperation and my heart races...

My alarm clock went off just 20 minutes before I had to be at work, rousing me from a bittersweet, erotic dream. I wanted to give myself the maximum amount of sleep I could, knowing I'd be tired. The previous night had drained all my energy. It was beautiful, wonderful, unforgettable, but when I'd come home to my bed I had realized just how exhausted I was.

Jeanie had taken every ounce of energy I'd had. We'd made love. Now, the next morning, having wakened suddenly after a dream both beautiful yet heartbreaking, I rolled over to silence my alarm and shook off the cobwebs. Once the thick confusion between sleep and waking wore off, I finally smiled to myself, remembering the previous night.

I'd made love to Jeanie, my best friend's sister. I shook my head remembering it in disbelief. It had been passionate, surprising, and pure, and it made my heart happy. I dragged myself begrudgingly out of bed and limped to the bathroom in my boxers. Just as I was opening the bathroom door, my sister Jocelyn appeared in her bedroom doorway looking every bit as exhausted as I was. Her hair, done up elegantly the night before, was now hanging wild and bedraggled. She wore a little white camisole and a pair of light blue boy shorts.

I stopped at the door to the bathroom and shot her a look. She looked way too sexy; just what had she been up to last night? It was her prom night too, and I wondered what the hell had gone down with her after we left the party.

Before I could say anything she chimed in. "C'moooonnnn! Hogging the bathroom again?" She rolled her eyes in exasperation.

"Yeah, I gotta go to work," I shot back. "Just gimme five minutes."

She groaned in annoyance and turned and closed her door. I'd deal with that situation later, I thought. I closed the bathroom door, showered and brushed my teeth as quickly as I could. I dressed in a hurry and ran out the door, arriving at work just two minutes before my shift started.

I was glad to be working that day. Thoughts of Jeanie played in my mind on a continuous loop. I smiled inwardly every time I pictured her sweet face in my mind, smiling or laughing. And a swirl of desire would jump up inside me when I pictured her in that hotel room, the moonlight bathing her naked body in a pale blue glow. I'd see her beneath me, her arms pulling me down into her, her legs wrapped around me. Or I'd see her above me, her back arching in ecstasy, breasts heaving, her little nipples taut and erect.

Throughout the day I had to shake these thoughts out of my mind in order to concentrate on my waiting job. It certainly wasn't easy. I had Jeanie in my blood now; I was addicted.

But there was another thought that kept spinning into my mind, try as I might to suppress it. I pictured Tony, Jeanie's older brother and my best friend, pissed off and ready to kick my ass. I had promised him not to touch his sister and I had broken that promise. How the hell was I going to deal with that?

I wanted to believe that he had no right to be pissed at me. That Jeanie was her own woman and could make her own decisions. But that was bullshit and I knew it. Not that Jeanie wasn't capable of making her own decisions; she certainly was. But I had definitely broken a sacred bond between buddies, and there could be no denying that. I pictured Jocelyn in my head, standing in her bedroom doorway half naked earlier. She was a beautiful girl, just like Jeanie. What if Tony had done to her last night what I had done with Jeanie? Would I be pissed?

Yeah, I had to admit to myself that I would be. Every time I thought about it a little flame of anger would leap up inside me. So how could I possibly be upset at Tony if he was going to be angry about Jeanie and me?

In my head, and in my heart, I knew I cared about Jeanie. She made me feel warm inside and I just wanted to spend time with her and be near her. It was genuine affection I felt. But how could I convince Tony of that? And would it even matter? He would think I was just out to get into her pants for the cheap thrill of it. He'd probably assume I was just taking advantage of her because she'd always liked me and it would be easy. But that wasn't the case.

In the end, I decided I'd discuss the matter with Jeanie tonight. We were going to have dinner together so we'd have time to think things over and discuss them. There was no sense worrying about it before I could talk to her. Tony was my best friend so I had to give him the benefit of the doubt. But damn that temper of his! It had me worried.

During the day I called to reserve a table at a nice French restaurant that I knew Jeanie liked a lot. It was expensive but I didn't care. This was technically our first date; I wanted it to be special. When my shift was up, I ran over to a local florist and bought some roses for her as well. I wanted her to know how much I had been looking forward to our date all day.

I sent her a text as I drove home. "Still on 4 dinner? Just need quick shower."

A few seconds later I received her reply. "Definitely! Cant wait!"

That made me smile. I texted back: "Looking forward to seeing u all day. Be over in like 20."

Her reply was: "Awwww u r the sweetest. C u soon."

I couldn't shower fast enough. After, I threw on some cologne and ran a comb through my hair. I wore a polo shirt and khakis, wanting to look nice but not ridiculously dressed up. I felt like I was rushing, as though I couldn't wait to see Jeanie. It was true, I admitted to myself. I couldn't think of anything but Jeanie and our date all day. I grabbed the roses and headed for the door, but I heard my name called just as I was about to leave.

It was my mother. She was sitting on our couch in the living room. When I arrived home no one was around, but she must have just gotten in while I showered. I walked over to her and said, "Hey, what's up? Where's dad?"

"Golf. He'll be home soon. So, you and Jeanie had a nice time last night, I presume?" she asked.

Her tone was just curious, not accusatory, so I answered in kind. "Yeah, we did. It was a lot of fun."

"Well," she responded, "I'm glad you were nice enough to get her flowers."

"Yeah, well, I guess..."

"Jeanie Delvecchio is a sweet girl," she interrupted before I could reply, "so I expect you to be on your best behavior tonight. I mean that, Jim." She gave me a stern expression.

"Well how do you know..." I began, meaning to give her a bit of a hard time about who the flowers were for.

"Save it, Romeo," she interrupted again, "she's standing outside by your car." I looked out the window and sure enough there was Jeanie in a cute little pink and orange summer dress standing beside my old Grand Am. "I taught you to be a gentleman, James, and you will be one tonight with that girl. Understood?"

"Yeah, mom," I smiled, wondering what the gentlemanly rules would have said about what Jeanie and I had done the night before.

She returned the smile. "Have fun then," she said simply. It was hard to know how much she suspected about Jeanie and I. My mother was smart. Smart and stern. She did teach me how to be a gentleman, and she was tough on me when I wasn't. But we had a great relationship and I appreciated her for it.

"Thanks," I said cheerily as I turned to leave, "I'll be home later."

"Mm hmm," I heard my mother hum cheekily as I left. When I opened the front door, Jeanie gave me a beaming smile.

"Hi, Francesca," I said as I walked down our front steps toward her. "What are you doing here? I would have picked you up in the proper date-like fashion." Our families' houses were on the same street, just a few doors down, so Jeanie must have walked up to meet me.

"Awww, I know you would have, Jim. But well, my father and Tony are both home sooooo... I kind of figured this would be easier. Just for now, I mean. Just tonight."

She had an air about her tonight, I noticed. I didn't know if what they said was true, that once a girl lost her virginity she became different, more of a woman. But standing there looking at her, I could tell something was definitely different about Jeanie. She stood a little taller, held her head a little higher, and there was something knowing in her sweet smile. She was truly a vision. But I snapped out of my reverie quickly.

"Ok," I relented, "I understand." In truth, it did make tonight a hell of a lot easier not having to deal with Tony or any possible repercussions to Jeanie and I hanging out. Tony hadn't called or text'ed me all day, so I just kind of avoided bringing up the subject of what I was doing. Saturdays were definitely busy for him working at the landscaping business, which played to my advantage in this instance. "Here, these are for you," I said, extending the roses to her.

"Jim, that is so sweet, thank you so much," she gushed, smelling the roses.

"So I got us reservations at Dominique," I told her.

"What, seriously?" she asked astounded. "Dominique is really nice, Jim, and expensive. Are you sure?"

It was true that Dominique was expensive, but that didn't matter to me. "Of course I'm sure. I heard you talking to the girls last night about how much you like it so I wanted it to be where we have our first date. You're worth it."

She smiled widely and threw her arms around me. "Thank you, Jim, that means so much to me," she whispered as we embraced.

I held her for a moment, then said, "We better go so we make our reservation time."

She broke our hug. "Yeah, let's go," she said excitedly, patting my arms. I opened the passenger side door for her and let her sit down.

"Your chariot, m'lady," I mused, continuing our little joke from the night before.

"Thank you, sir," she said loftily, playing along. I shut the door softly and ran around to the driver's side. As I was driving, we talked a bit.

"So I told my mom we were going out tonight," she said.

"Really? Yeah, I told my mom too. She kinda saw you waiting by my car."

She laughed. "I guess I gave that away."

"No big deal," I laughed.

"My mom was funny. She gave me this look, like a weird kind of searching look when I said we were going out. Then she kind of looked me up and down like she was appraising me."

"She knows," I said flatly. "I could tell the second I looked at you. You look radiant."

"Seriously?" she asked.

"Yeah, it's just something in your overall manner. It's different. It's quite becoming, don't get me wrong, but it's definitely noticeable."

"Wow, so it's that obvious, huh?"

"Maybe I'm biased because I know, but yeah it really kinda is."

"I guess you changed me, Jim," she said mock-seductively, her voice throatier and deeper, "you made me a woman."

I gave her a devious grin and raised my eyebrows. "You were always that woman, Giana; I was just the first one lucky enough to meet you."

She smiled at me. "You really are the best, Jim, you know that?"

"Oh stop," I said.

"You seriously are," she retorted.

I didn't respond. I truly felt lucky to have been with her and been the one to take her virginity, and it had opened my eyes to my feelings for her. After a few moments, I broke the silence.

"About that, Jeanie," I said, hearing my mother's warnings about being a gentleman sounding in my head. She looked at me as though she was worried, but she needn't have been. "I want you to know that I don't have any expectations of you. I mean, physical expectations, you know? What I'm saying is, just because last night... you know, was last night, doesn't mean I expect you to have to do that again. I want you to know I'm willing to do this the right way and earn your affection. You're worth that. So don't feel like you're obligated or something. I just like being with you, so you know, don't think that there's any pressure on you or anything like that."

I turned to look at her. She was smiling sweetly. "Jim, thank you. Thank you so much. That really is sweet."

"You're welcome, sweetie," I said, putting my hand on her knee.

"But let me ask you this," she continued, "what makes you think you haven't already 'earned my affection,' as you say?"

"Well, I...," I began, not knowing what to say.

"In fact, how do you know that just you saying that isn't earning my affection?"

"Well, I guess that would be a good thing then, right?" I asked.

She gave me a little half-grin, not wicked but saucy. "Yeah, that's a good thing." After several moments of silence, Jeanie put her hand on my hand on her knee. She squeezed it. "I'm sorry I couldn't bring myself to tell my father and Tony about tonight," she said.

"Don't worry about it; we can discuss that. I really feel it's my job..."

She interrupted me. "Hold on, I actually have an idea we can discuss. But later, ok?"

"Yeah ok," I said. We held hands and a few moments later we arrived at Dominique. I pulled into the lot and parked. As I was about to open my door she grabbed my hand. "Wait. Before we go in I just want you to know something, Mister Earning My Affection." She smiled as she said the last part to let me know she was just busting on me.

"Oh yeah, what?" I asked.

"Well I have good news and I have bad news. Which one do you want to hear first?"

"I'll take the bad news first, I guess," I said, wrinkling my eyebrows at her inquisitively.

"Ok," she said, this time donning a truly wicked grin, one just like I'd seen her wear last night at her most mischievous. "The bad news is this time I'm wearing underwear."

I pushed my bottom lip out in a look of mock disappointment. "Aw damn," I said jokingly. "So what's the good news then?"

"Well, they're my sexiest underwear, and if you keep up this good behavior, you're going to see them."

My heart leapt when she said this. I exhaled sharply and returned her grin. "I'll be good," I said, smiling and raising my hands in an innocent way. She smiled and laughed when I said that, and I opened my door to get her. I went around the car to let her out.

She took my hand as she stepped out of the car and said, "Thank you, Jim. I really am glad to be here with you."

"I'm glad to be here with you, as well," I replied, leading her by the hand through the parking lot to the restaurant. Once inside they seated us right away and took our drink orders.

"I really love this place," she said, looking around, "it's so elegant. And the food is ridiculously good. Have you eaten here before?"

"No, first time," I replied.

"Oh you're gonna love it. We've come here as a family a few times and it's awesome."

"I'm already loving it," I said, looking her in the eyes and smiling.

She returned my smile. "So," she said after a moment, "while we've got a few minutes, let me tell you my plan for Tony. Since, ya know, I plan on hanging out with you a lot more in the future and he's gotta get used to it."

I really appreciated her saying that so I laughed. "Ok, what are you thinking?" I asked.

"Well, I have this friend at work," she began. Jeanie worked part-time nights and weekends at the Banana Republic at our local mall. "Her name is Theresa and she's a year older than me so the same age as you guys. She went to a Catholic school so that's why she wasn't at school with us. She lives out in the sticks in this really nice country home. I went there once to pick her up for this party we went to..."

"Ok, you're getting off topic," I said, interrupting her. "This sounds promising though, tell me what she looks like."

"Oh so that's right where you go, huh?" she asked playfully. "Right to her looks. Why don't you just come right out and ask me about her boobs?"

"Hey, this isn't about me, remember," I countered. "This is about Tony. And I'm telling you he's kind of picky. So yeah, I will probably ask about her boobs."

At that exact moment the waiter came over to our table. I gave Jeanie a whoops look because I'm pretty sure the waiter had heard me talking about boobs. Jeanie just laughed. We placed our orders and a moment later we continued our conversation.

"Well, for your information, Captain Shallow, she's drop dead gorgeous. Light brown hair, freckles, green eyes, she's like an Irish princess..." She paused for a moment looking at me. I tilted my head to the side giving her the "You know what I want to know" look. After a moment's pause she gritted her teeth at me and said, "And she has nice boobs."

"Excellent!" I exclaimed. "You got a picture of her?"

"Yes, but I don't know if I'm going to let you see it now," she teased. I could tell she was joking but I would gladly play along.

"Hey, this is so that I can spend time with the sweetest, most beautiful girl in the world so I want to get it right," I said matter-of-factly.

She gave me a cute half-grin. "Well-played, Stillman," she said smiling. She pulled her phone out of her purse and clicked through it, finding the picture. "Here we go," she said, and handed the phone to me.

I took it and checked out the picture. It was Jeanie and Theresa apparently at whatever party they had gone to. They stood with their arms around each other and they were waving to the camera. Theresa was a bit taller than Jeanie but not much. That was good because Tony wasn't really tall and he would not want to date a girl taller than him. She had light skin and she was definitely very pretty. She had a nice smile, but most importantly, she had a nice figure. Tony liked his girls well-built and he liked boobs. Theresa had the assets Tony required so I thought this plan might actually work.

"So?" Jeanie asked after a few moments.

"Who's the cute Italian girl with her?" I asked playfully, handing the phone back to her.

"Oh you better start laying it on thick, mister, you've dug yourself quite a hole to fill," she teased. "But seriously?"

"She's gorgeous. I love this plan. Have you talked to her about it? What's up?"

"Well that's the beauty of it. One time Tony had to come into work to bring me something and Teri was there. She thought he was cute. Then a couple months ago, she broke up with her boyfriend because he was such a huge a-hole and since then she's been kind of out of it. But every now and again she asks about Tony. Just like, 'So how's your brother anyway? He's not dating anybody, right?' I always joke with her and say he's off limits, but actually I think they might have a chance to hit it off. She's tough and spunky, like me. She can put him in his place."

"I gotta admit," I said, "I think you're right. This is awesome; it could totally work."

"Seriously?" she asked. "You like the plan?"

"I love it. Do me a favor though. Let me bring the idea to him. If you do it he will probably reject it on principle alone. But he might just trust my judgment if I suggest it."

"Ok," she said, "I'll agree to that."

"All right then; you work on Theresa and I'll work on Tony." I lifted my glass of soda to toast our little scheme. Jeanie lifted hers and we clinked them together. After my sip I said, "Wow, beautiful and the brains to match. Pretty impressive."

"You have no idea," she replied seductively.

"Oh, I think maybe I have some idea," I retorted. "Just a little," I said, holding my thumb and index finger up to indicate that little idea I meant.

She winked at me. "A little," she agreed. We smiled at each other. After a moment I broached a subject I felt needed to be addressed.
