 "Look at you. You're a mess!"

"What do you expect? You threw me in the mud!"

He stared down at her, features twisted in disgust. But she was right... He had pushed her. He'd wanted to punish her for being a wench. But, looking at her covered in mud, he got a better idea. He helped her out, then walked with her back to the house. Stopping near the hose, he started scraping clumps of mud off her back and shoulders. She turned around at his touch and he did the same thing to her chest and stomach. But when he got to her legs, his hands wandered to the insides of her thighs. She gasped softly at his invasion but didn't try to stop him. There was a big clump stuck to her crotch... He scraped it off, then made sure there was none left. His other hand wandered to her chest and removed bits he'd missed. By the time he was done, her breath was coming in short gasps. He took her inside and turned on the shower for her. She stripped off her dirty clothes, then poked her head out of the steaming shower stall.

"Come in with me? I need help washing my back."

They'd shared a shower before... But this time would be different. They washed the mud from her hair, then he washed her back. He ran the sponge down her back and lovingly caressed the cleft between her buttocks. Her legs opened a bit and he slid the cloth in between her legs. The rough surface of the cloth made her gasp. She hadn't imagined this when she'd invited him in to help her wash! He dragged it back with a slight pressure, making her moan. He took that as his cue and turned her around to face him. Her face was flushed with desire. She looked down, acting on some sort of intuition, and gasped. He was huge! Hanging in the shower, his erection was a good nine inches long. But he was thicker than she'd expected. Before she could say anything, he pinned her against the back wall of the tub enclosure. Parting her thighs with one hand, he slid one finger inside her. She moaned, unable to help herself. He slid it in and out for a few minutes, then removed it entirely. Moving her legs so they hung around his waist, he grabbed her hips and shoved his manhood inside her, filling her with one thrust. She moaned loudly, inner muscles clenching tightly around him. He buried himself in her moist warmth, then withdrew. Before she could do so much as whimper, he lunged forward, filling her again and banging her off the wall.

"Oh, God, yes... Fuck me hard!"

Those were the magic words... He pinned her to the wall and slammed into her repeatedly, making her scream with delight. She loved being manhandled when he fucked her. But he hadn't given her a good pounding in a while, so she'd been craving his cock. He kept banging her until she stiffened, clenching her pussy muscles, then screamed at the top of her lungs as she came. And she came HARD! He held her while her body shook, boobs trembling appealingly. He leaned forward and started sucking her tit, still rock hard and wanting more of her marvelous body.

"Take me in the bed, Alex... I want to feel the mattress give as you pound me like a gavel."

He turned the water off and stepped out, her legs still wrapped around his waist. He was still inside her, buried to the hilt in her hot cunt. He dried them both, teasing her nipples with the rough towel. Her low moan made him shiver with delight. He took her to the bedroom and tossed her onto the bed. She squealed with delight as she flew across the room. He followed her, landing on top of her. She spread her legs and he took her again, thrusting so deeply that she bounced off the bedsprings. Her screams of delight took him over the edge and he flicked her clit even as he pounded her. She screamed at the top of her lungs as she came, squeezing him with her pussy muscles as hard as she could. He followed her, back arching as he spurted his hot seed into her womb.

"Damn, girl, you still got it."

"So do you. I've been missing this lately."

He shifted so she could breathe, then smiled to himself. She hadn't sought out anyone else for relief... Idly, one hand trailed down her chest, flicking her nipples until they hardened. She was amazing. His hand drifted down to her still-damp pussy and he slid one finger inside her. Her low moan told him she wanted more. She'd always wanted him a few times a night. He finger-fucked her for a few minutes, then realized with a start that he was hard again. He'd told himself he'd take it slow after the second one. But he just couldn't seem to restrain himself. Then he got an idea. He flipped her so she was on her stomach, legs spread. He bent her knees and stroked her. After a few minutes, she was ready for him. He knelt in between her spread legs and lowered himself down, pushing his meaty cock into her hot pussy.

"Oh, God, yes!"

He thrust until he was all the way in, then wrapped his arms around her waist. He held her while he slammed into her, making her moan loudly. Lifting her easily yet gently, he got her on her hands and knees. The order of the day was doggy-style. She'd always loved it when he did her this way. But this time, he'd spice things up. Still banging her, he "accidentally" shoved it into her asshole. He'd never fucked her up the ass before... Still making it seem like an accident, he alternated between banging her cunt and slamming her ass. He deliberately kept quiet so he could hear her. His eyes widened with surprised delight. She was moaning!

"God, Alex, yes... Fuck me in the ass. I love it!"

So he stopped alternating and began fucking her in the ass in earnest. Her gasps of delight soon turned into soft cries. Then she did something she'd only done once before... She reached back and squeezed his ballsack. That was his cue to really let go. This was one whore who thrived on pain. So he withdrew until only the very end was inside her and started jacking off. He added two inches to his length and four inches to his overall girth. He stopped then grabbed her hips firmly. After taking a deep breath, he pushed forward until he was completely inside her. She felt like she was being ripped in two, but she loved it!

"Now, Alex... Make me your bitch."

He grinned, then started slamming her, taking care to get it into her pussy every so often. Soon she was screaming at the top of her lungs, begging to be "punished". He shifted so that he was exclusively slamming her pussy. His ballsack hit her stomach with amazing regularity. When he stroked in and hit her spot, she tightened around him and screamed as she came. He followed suit with a hoarse shout and collapsed onto her back. She gave him a few squeezes before he lay on the bed beside her. Her hand coiled around him and held him gently but firmly.

"You're fantastic."

"So are you."

They dozed off, waking up after a few hours. She wanted more of his fabulous cock, and knew how to get it. He woke with a start when he felt her lips wrap around him. He propped himself up on his elbows and watched her as she sucked him until he was hard. Gods, she had a talented mouth... She lifted so she could mount him and got a surprise. He grabbed her waist and flipped her onto her back. Parting her thighs only a few inches, he slid inside her, making her cry out a bit. But it felt so good... All she had to do was lift her hips and she'd get the fucking of her life.

"Oh, Alex... I love you..."

"I love you too. Now how hard do you want it?"

"As hard as you can. Make me bounce off the floor."

He grinned and started thrusting, making the bed move. When he got into his groove, she started hitting the floor, through the mattress, with enough force to make her muscles clench out of instinct. Her moans were music to his ears. But he suddenly stopped, pulling her to a sitting position. He moved so her legs were on either side of his waist, then held her as he pushed upward. Her eyes closed and her head tipped back, a throaty moan echoing in the sex-drenched room. He got to his feet and put her back against the wall. Her eyes flew open then closed again as he fucked her that way, slamming her against the wall. When she got close to the edge, he stopped and gave her a soft kiss. She returned the kiss, not noticing the dildo he shoved up her ass. It was a fat one, but she was so horny it didn't hurt. Then he flicked a switch on the dildo, making it vibrate and pulsate. Her eyes widened as she looked at him.

"Happy birthday, baby."

"You remembered!"

He grinned as he took her into the bathroom. He lay her down on the cold tile floor and closed her legs. Then he drove into her, fucking her with her legs shut. Her cries of joy echoed off the walls and fueled his desire. He turned her over onto her stomach and fucked her that way. The combination of a vibrating, pulsating dildo shoved up her ass and Alex slamming her from behind with her legs shut made her come so hard he had to hold her still so she wouldn't bang her head off the cupboard. When she stopped shaking, he turned off the dildo and removed it. She looked at him from over her shoulder, a wanton look on her face.

"What's on your mind, babe?"

"Alex, I'd let you lick me forever if you put that bad boy in my pussy."

He grinned and lifted the dildo into position. She let herself relax and spread her legs. It slid in easily, filling her more than Alex could. Her soft moan told him he'd found a good toy for her to use when he wasn't around. His hand stole up and flicked her nubbin, making her give a soft cry of delight. Then he turned the dildo on, vibrating and pulsating inside her moist walls. She flung her head back and lost herself in the sensations. He sat back on his haunches and watched her get fucked by the dildo. She started shaking, whimpering a bit. The dildo gave her such a deep fuck that it turned her insides to mush. When she finally came, she came HARD. The dildo slipped out a bit, but stayed put while she writhed in delight on the bathroom floor. Only his hand kept her from banging her head off the toilet. When she stopped shaking, he smiled tenderly at her.

"Good present?"

"Fuck yeah."

He laughed as he lifted her into his arms and carried her back into the bedroom. He put her on a chair and replaced the sheets on the bed with clean ones before putting her in the bed and covering her with a thick blanket. She smiled and snuggled in, falling asleep almost immediately. He settled into the chair and smiled as he watched his wife sleeping. What a birthday present he'd given her... He couldn't wait until next year.