 The incessant ringing of the doorbell finally pierced the shroud of sleep that was fogging my mind. "Wait a damn minute," I yelled and staggered out of bed. As usual, I was nude, so I threw on an old terry cloth robe before I opened the door of my condo. After the cool darkness of the air-conditioned apartment, the Florida heat, even at 9:30 in the morning was like a blast furnace.

There was a beautiful woman standing there, squinting against the stark whiteness of the sun on the wall. "Sorry to bother you, but I am Rita Harold from the Census Bureau and I would like to ask you a few questions."

I wasn't too groggy to see that Rita Harold was very attractive. She was perhaps in her mid 30s, tall and slender, with quite light, brown hair, blue eyes and the shape of an athlete. In difference to the July Florida heat, she was dressed in a mini skirt, a shell type blouse that accentuated her breasts and sensible, comfortable, tennis shoes. Her arms and legs were well rounded, long and tan.

"Sure, come on in." If she posed any threat at all to me it was only to cause my ever-present morning erection to hang around a little longer. She gave me such a quizzical look up and down that I was afraid it was sticking out of the front of the robe. 

I guess it wasn't, because she said, "OK, I'm not supposed to come in but unfortunately yours is a long form so it will take about 30 minutes to complete and it’s very hot here in the sun."

I ushered her into the apartment, turned on some lights and showed her to a seat at the breakfast counter that divided the kitchen from the rest of the unit. "Can I make us some coffee while we talk?"

"Yes, I would kill for a cup of fresh coffee."

I busied myself with the coffee while she ran down the enumerator’s questions. She found out that I was 43 years old, divorced about four years ago, made a lot of money last year in some wild stock deals and had been retired for about a month. I had started over after the divorce because my ex-wife took almost everything I had in the settlement. I had just bought the oceanfront condo. 

When I put the cup of coffee down in front of her I noticed that she had quit writing and was again giving me that same quizzical look.

"You sound like quite a catch," she smiled. "Are you are involved with anyone?"

Now it was my turn to laugh when I explained, "No, I have been too busy with my business. When my wife left me I was a poor, struggling insurance agent. She got a five-year-old Ford, a small two-bedroom house with a big mortgage and no alimony. No kids, hence no child support. It was about the best thing she ever did for me. With no one to answer to I took a few flyers and now my investments will bring me enough to retire very comfortably."

I know I was bragging, but for some reason, I did want to impress this desirable young woman. 

"I envy you. My husband took off two years ago and left me almost broke. My son worked all through high school to help out. Last month, when he turned 18, he joined the Marines and I took this second job to see if I could catch up on some of my bills."


The questionnaire was forgotten as I sat across from her, sipping coffee and looking into the brilliant blue eyes. I put my hands on hers and said, "Maybe this census thing was meant to bring you and I together."

She didn't withdraw her hands but I could see her body stiffened and her face flush. While I watched, tears welled up in her eyes and began to trickle down her cheeks. I went around the counter and put my arm around her shoulder. She turned and buried her face into my chest, her arms around my waist and began to cry, soft, rhythmic sobs. 

We stayed like that for perhaps three or four minutes until the frequency began to subside. Suddenly, she gasped, "Oh my God!" And I realized that my robe was open and my, now semi hard, cock was in plain view through the open robe at a point just below her chin. I quickly closed it and mumbled an apology.

"That's all right, it's just been so long since I've seen a man, I almost forgot what it looked like." She looked up into my eyes and whispered sheepishly, "Can I see it again?"

I must have nodded yes. I know I offered no resistance when she undid the robe's sash and exposed my rapidly growing member. She hesitantly reached out and touched me. Her hands were like warm feathers as she felt, caressed and stroked my balls and completely hard cock. I just stood there, lost in my reverie has her hands explored areas of my genitals that hadn't been touched by another person in years.

I looked down at her face to find that her eyes were closed and she was enjoying this exercise almost as much as I was. While I watched, her right hand left my balls and slowly dropped to her crotch where she began rubbing her pussy through her clothes. Her mini skirt had ridden up and her panties, quite visible now, were obviously very wet.

She opened her eyes and looked up at me. "You must think I'm terrible, but it's been so long I just couldn't help myself. Would you like to make love to me?"

"It's been a very long time for me too. I can't think of anything I would rather do than make love to you."

I pulled her up to her feet and kissed her, my open robe allowing my hard dick to prod her. Again, her hand went down and found me. "Would you mind if I kissed that too?"

I don't think I ever met a man who would keep such a beautiful young woman from enjoying herself so I said, “Of course not.”

She sat back down in the chair and pulled me to her. The first kiss was very hesitant but the second was a little more solid. The third wasn’t a kiss at all. With her hand under my balls, she guided my penis into her mouth until she had almost all of it in her. I could feel her tongue making little swirls around every side of it. She slowly withdrew until only the head was inside her lips and her tongue was moving over, under and around it. 

She had hold of my hips and was pushing and pulling me back and forth, causing me to fuck her mouth. Suddenly, she stopped, looked up at me and said, “I don’t want you to cum yet. I want to feel you inside of me. I want to feel your hard cock slipping in and out. I want to feel your dick rubbing against my clit. I want to feel you when you shoot your hot cum deep inside me.” 

I was sure that I could do what she wanted if I could only get my stiff body and stupefied mind into the bedroom along with this desirable woman.

When I took her hand, she came willingly with me. The bedroom was cool and dark, the sunlight muted by the drapes. She began to strip and I dropped my robe as we entered the room. She turned and we kissed again, my nude body pressing against hers. I helped her off with her blouse and then her mini skirt. I stepped back to admire this beautiful, fawn like creature, wearing only a bra and bikini panties. When she undid the bra I was treated to the most magnificent pair of breasts you can imagine. She was unbelievably attractive, perfectly proportioned. I helped her out of the panties and took her in my arms again.

“I can’t believe that, as beautiful as you are, you would have any problems attracting suitors.”

“I don’t, but with my life style, I just haven’t had time to get serious with anyone. Besides, I was so careful dating while my son was home, most of the eligible men I knew have given up on me”

I had to kiss her again to shut her up. I worked her toward the bed and eased her down on her back. She looked like a model for a porn flick lying there. Her breasts were so inviting, I buried my face in them. My lips closing around a nipple bought a sharp intake of breath and then a contented sigh. I swapped back and forth, kissing one and fondling the other. She arched her back, pushing her breasts high in the air, hard against my mouth. Slowly, I slid down and kissed her stomach. 

It had been a long time since I did what I was about to do, but it came as naturally as breathing. I moved around to the foot of the bed and put my head between her legs. There was no resistance at all from her; in fact she opened them a little more to accommodate me. When my lips touched her pussy, she let out a loud sigh and said “Oh yes, oh God yes!”

She was already very wet. Her clit was very pronounced, almost standing up. I sucked this delicious morsel into my mouth and rolled it around with my tongue. She was emitting a low, almost continuous, moan. She had hold of my hair and was pulling my into her so hard I was afraid she was going to snatch me bald. Within seconds, she closed her legs on my head and pushed herself hard into me. Her moan changed into a wail as she experienced a massive climax. Each time my tongue touched her she twitched and cried out.

I continued to slip my tongue up and down the lips of her pussy until she finally said, “Oh God, stop. I am so sensitive I can’t stand it. Come up here and put your cock in me. Let me feel you sliding in and out of me. I want you to feel as good as I do.”


It was just as good in reality as she made it sound. I slid upward until my chest was against her breast and my dick was brushing the lips of her pussy. Slowly I entered her wet slippery box and began my ride to climax. In and out, in and out, slowly at first and building in crescendo until I was almost hammering myself into her.

Every time I plunged into her she let out a little moan until she finally shouted, “Oh god, I’m going to cum again! Please don’t stop! Oh fuck me hard! Oh, yes! Oh, god NOW, NOW, NOW!”

I was on the very edge myself but I wanted her experience to be complete so I tried to hold off, but it was no use. Her sighs of pleasure only went to push me over the edge and I also had a massive orgasm that left me gasping for breath.

She pushed me off to one side and we both lay there resting for a little while.

Finally she said, “Oh, God, I don’t know if I ever did it twice in a row like that. I can’t tell you how much I enjoyed it and how good it felt.”

My ego was blown way out of proportion, making this beautiful woman feel so good. “Why don’t you let me take you to dinner tonight and we can try it again?”

It was a big let down when she said, “Sorry, I cant. I have to finish up this census session.” Then, just as suddenly things got one hell of a lot better when she continued, “But, I’ll tell you what, I have this whole weekend off. Why don’t you take me somewhere exciting, somewhere we can do this a lot?”

So I took her places. We have been traveling for almost a year now. We did stop just before Christmas long enough to get married.

30

Copyright © 08-20-2001 by E. J. Sheeran. All rights reserved. This work, in part, or whole, is not to be distributed, reproduced, transmitted or posted, in any manner, without the express written permission of the author.