 CHAPTER 1

It had been many years since I had visited New York. So long that on my last visit the Twin Towers were still standing. So the prospect of a week there on business, with all expenses paid, was too good to turn down. I handed all the details to my P.A. Janet and left her to make the arrangements knowing that she knew perfectly what would and what would not suit me. She had been my P.A. for over 15 years now and we had formed a close relationship – both in work and also socially where our families often got together for meals etc. 

"One thing I forgot to mention" I said, as Janet started to check out flight times and hotels for the trip. "I need to take an assistant with me. How do you fancy a few days in a smart hotel, in the city that never sleeps?"

Janet's face lit up at the prospect. In all the years she had worked with me the height of her opportunities to accompany me had been a couple of overnight stays in Harrogate and the Midlands.

"You mean it?" Janet gasped.

"Certainly" I replied, "I think you've earned it".

The reality started to sink in and then came the familiar female response "But what will I wear?"

I smiled and made my excuses to go back to my office to let Janet bask in the glow of my news.

Let me explain a little more about Janet and our relationship before I carry on. She is a lovely lady, at 45 about 10 years younger than me. She is a joy to work with and I cannot remember us ever having a cross word. But, and it is a big but, there is no sexual chemistry between us at all. In a way I think that is why our relationship works so well. There is no hidden agenda and Janet and I see one another as work colleagues and friends, but nothing more.

I have to admit that there have been times in the past when my imaginary repertoire of females reserved for masturbation purposes has got a little low or over-used and Janet has ( in my imagination ) helped me reach a climax as I thought of what it might be like to bend her over my desk, lift her skirt and take her in a way that we might both enjoy. Little did I know of her own thoughts on the matter. Common sense has, however, always prevailed when we are alone together and the fear of spoiling the wonderful relationship we have, by risking finding out whether my advances would be welcome or not, has always cooled my emotions.

A couple of days later Janet announced that everything was booked, direct flights to JFK, two rooms on the same floor in a smart Manhattan hotel and even a taxi awaiting us at the airport. She had even resolved our visa waiver requirements without the need for me to do anything for myself. It showed the efficiency that was Janet's trademark and so I just settled back to wait for the time for our trip to arrive and concentrated my own efforts on preparing the figures and paperwork that I needed to take with us.

It was almost time for our departure when I got into work early one morning to find Janet's desk surprisingly empty. Within a few minutes my private line rang.

"Hi John, it's Janet". I could tell from her voice that there was something wrong. "I'm over in Yorkshire. My mother had a stroke last night and I had to dash over here. She's still unconscious at the minute and I am just off back to the hospital in a few minutes."

"I'm so, so sorry" I stumbled, trying to find the right thing to say.

"I'm going to have to stay over here for a while." Janet continued, " I've spoken with the H.R. department and arranged some compassionate leave. But I'm afraid the New York Trip is off – for me at least" . The disappointment was clear in Janet's voice.

"Don't worry about that" I said with authority "Your mother's health is much more important. You take as long as it needs. And give her my love. When she gets better perhaps we can find another way to make up for this. "

With that Janet made her apologies and left for the hospital, leaving me to think of the best way forward.

All the documentation was clearly marked in her desk drawer, air-line tickets, copies of hotel reservations etc. Now it was my turn to resolve things in Janet's absence.

I wasn't sure whether to make the trip alone but my colleagues assured me that it would be much easier with someone to take notes and make sure that everything was just right and also there were one or two functions to attend which would be easier with a companion. They suggested replacements for Janet but in every case they were married ladies with commitments to school runs, childcare etc. Given more notice I am sure that several of them would have jumped at the opportunity but it was now Thursday and the flights were booked for early the following Tuesday.

The only prospect seemed a younger, unmarried lady but our company was renowned for keeping its employees happy and very few vacancies had ever arisen. I scratched my head and then the perfect solution came to me. Sophie. Why had I not thought of her before. She was much younger than Janet, only in her early twenties and not long out of college. She had been filling in helping other colleagues and had not formed any one-to-one working relationship as yet and so no-one would be disadvantaged by her absence from the office for a week or so.

Sophie and I had not had too much contact before. She always smiled if we met in the corridor and there was something quite attractive about her. She wore the usual business type attire but her skirts always seemed a little bit shorter than the norm and her blouses a little tighter too – or was that just the imaginings of a much older man. There was something about her that caused a quickening of the pulse as she walked down the corridor with her cute ass swaying a little but at my age it did not take much to quicken the pulse.

There was only one way to find out if she would be able to stand in for Janet and so I rang the main receptionist and asked her if she could ask Sophie to nip up to my office as soon as she was available.

CHAPTER 2

About 10 minutes later there was a knock on the door and before I had chance to respond the door opened and Sophie leant through it.

"You wanted to see me" she said in a voice that gave a hint that she thought she might be in line for some kind of reprimand.

"Come in and take a seat" I replied trying to indicate to her that she was not in any sort of trouble.

Sophie took a seat across from me, crossed her legs and smiled awaiting what I had to say.

Firstly let me have a re-cap on something I said earlier. I mentioned that she was quite attractive. As she sat there making eye contact with me I had to re-assess my previous comments. As I looked at her more closely than I ever had before I realised that she was more than quite attractive, in fact she was quite stunning. Her hair was brown and shoulder length, her eyes hinted at a naughtiness that was re-enforced by the sexy smile she wore. As she sat there her crossed legs made her skirt ride up to mid-thigh. Her suit jacket was open and the white blouse she wore seemed translucent in my office lighting. I could see the outline of a soft lacy bra beneath which seemed to be struggling to control her firm, pert breasts.

All in all Sophie was quite a dish and I so hoped that she was available to join me in New York. Something about her told me this could be a trip I would never forget.

I quickly outlined the matter at hand and as I did so Sophie's spirits clearly rose. She had knocked on my door expecting some kind of rebuke and within minutes found herself in line for her first business trip.

Sophie told me she was single and still lived at home. She had a boyfriend but he would not be a problem as he often travelled overseas himself, on business, and was in fact away at present. It was agreed she would stand in for Janet until she returned and I dismissed her telling her to get the names altered on the flight tickets and hotel reservations and to make sure her visa waiver position was resolved. She smiled as she left the office and I watched that cute ass disappear back into the corridor with an even more pronounced wiggle.

We worked together on the Friday and I could sense a good working relationship beginning and also something I had never felt with Janet – there was clearly some sexual chemistry and there was something in the way that Sophie looked at me that said she was looking forward to this trip as much as I was. Perhaps it was just my imagination but I sensed her look at me in a way I was not used to being looked at during working hours.

Over the weekend I found Sophie dropping into my mind more than was good for me. I could not believe I had failed to notice how good-looking she was. I must really be getting old!! – and yet when I did think of her there was a reaction in my trousers that made me feel much, much younger. A throbbing that twice over the weekend led to me having to masturbate to relieve the lusting. And on both occasions the object of my desires was a lady, younger than my daughters, who would soon be joining me on the other side of the Atlantic. Afterwards I felt a little stupid. This girl was more than 30 years younger than me, with a boyfriend who would be much more virile and attractive than me. What could Sophie possibly see in me?

Monday came and we spent a lot of time together making sure everything was ready for an early start on Tuesday. The perfume she wore, which at first I found a little over-powering, had now become my favourite. She radiated a warmth of spirit and her youthfulness was infectious. And to cap it all she had the ability to arouse longings that seemed so foreign, longings that, on one hand seemed ridiculous, but which .on the other hand, felt so real.

"I hope I packed everything I need" Sophie asked enquiringly " What will we be doing in the evenings?"

Visions of romantic meals together sprung to my mind but I did not want to frighten her away before we had even got on the plane.

"Oh I am sure we will find something to do" I, at last replied " There is plenty to see in New York. And if there is anything you forget there are lots of places to shop in Manhattan."

I ended by adding a little suggestive comment "As long as you packed enough clean panties then we can sort out the rest"

In all the years I had worked with Janet I had never spoken to her in a suggestive way but there was something about Sophie that seemed to welcome this kind off banter and flirting. And her response left me, for once, dumbfounded.

"Oh yes, I've packed plenty of frillies" she laughed "And any way it's not a problem. I quite often don't bother to wear any, especially when I go out for the evening." She turned and gave me a knowing smile that made me wonder if she was in fact wearing any at that moment!!

Sophie was having an amazing effect on me and as we left together that evening I wondered what the next few days together would bring.

CHAPTER 3

The taxi picked me up from home at 5am and in 45 minutes I was deposited in the international departure lounge and looking round for Sophie. Within a few minutes she appeared from nowhere. Even at that early hour she looked good enough to eat. We checked our bags in for the flight and went to share a coffee and some breakfast.

The chatter between us was light and personal, much more like two people ready to set off on a holiday than on a business trip. Sophie wanted to know all about my family, my background and my career path to reaching my present position whilst I wanted to know about her boyfriend and her own career ambitions. She seemed surprised to know that I was a grandfather already and I wondered if it might have been too early to disclose such information that would make me seem even older in her eyes, but there was something about her that made me feel comfortable and made me happy to tell her anything she might want to know about me.

Soon we were boarding and, being ever the gentleman, I let Sophie take the window seat whilst I sat in the aisle. Fortunately the aircraft was a 2-4-2 layout and so there was no-one sitting to my left to distract our conversation as we continued to get to know one another better. I thought about trying to do a little work and letting Sophie get stuck into the magazines she had bought at the airport but there was something about her that made me feel younger and, at my time of life, I wanted to hang on to the elixir of youth that her words and smiles gave me for as long as I could. And, in any event, each time I tried to focus on the papers before me my eyes were dragged to my right where the sight of Sophie's lovely, toned legs made concentrating on work even harder.

Sophie was dressed in a smart navy blue business suit but the skirt seemed ever so slightly shorter than usual. From first sitting down it had ridden up above her knee and as the journey passed each movement seemed to make it rise more. Sophie made no attempt to correct the situation and seemed totally happy to be exposing a large amount of her thighs. In fact I think she was fully aware of the effect her legs were having on me as she often caught me glancing in their direction. I was beginning to wonder whether today was a day when she had chosen to abandon her underwear when she leaned across and whispered in my ear, as if able to read my innermost thoughts.

"Don't worry, I remembered to put them on today. Didn't want to let the company down" she smiled.

My cock began to harden slightly at the intimacy that Sophie felt happy to share with me. At least I now knew she was wearing panties. Now my thoughts turned to the colour and style of those panties. But as she seemed capable of reading my mind I thought it better to try and clear those thoughts from my head and fortunately the stewardess arrived to take our order for food and drink. Now I would be able to lower my meal tray and so, if and when my cock felt the need to stiffen it would be hidden from Sophie's gaze.

The meal passed with more chatter and we shared some wine and before we knew it the pilot was announcing that we would soon be descending. I had managed to keep my cock under control and return our conversation to a more normal one but each time I looked across at Sophie's legs I felt a slight throbbing between my legs at the thought of what might lie between Sophie's.

Soon we were leaving our seats and Sophie's skirt returned to its normal length and we were off to reclaim our baggage and meet up with our taxi driver. Our business suits and briefcases seemed to speed our way through US immigration much quicker than I remembered when on family holidays to Florida and soon we were passing through a group of taxi drivers holding up name boards. At last I saw the one which carried my name and introduced myself. 

"Hi, my name's Sam, welcome to the Big Apple" he announced with a smile he had no doubt used hundreds of times before, "Let me take your bags".

Sam looked across at Sophie and then across to me and then finally back to Sophie. I could imagine the thoughts going through his head 'What is a stunning babe like this doing with this old guy'. He gave me the smile of a man who wished he could swap places with me.

Soon we were in the cab and pulling away from the airport terminal.

"Crowne Plaza, Times Square?" Sam asked "at least that's what the lady told me"

"Yes, that's right" I responded.

"Are you in any hurry to get there?" Sam added " Because if not I could give you the whistle-stop tour on the way, give you some ideas of things you might like to see whilst you're here". It was obviously a quiet day and Sam was mindful of his tip.

"That would be fine" I replied "It's years since I was here....and Sophie has never been before and we have nothing special to do until tomorrow."

"Ok, leave it to me" said Sam, happy to have been given the freedom to expand his fare, "Are you guys here on business or pleasure"

I could note the hint of irony in Sam's voice as he looked through his rear-view mirror at us. As we sat side by side in the back of the taxi Sophie's skirt had returned to the level it had reached on the aircraft and Sam was obviously enjoying the view as much as I had previously.

"Mostly business" I said, "But I'm sure we will find the time to have a bit of fun as well". Thoughts of Sophie's legs and what lay even higher sprang to mind but I tried to hide the lust in my voice. I wasn't sure if Sam picked up on the innuendo in my statement but Sophie clearly did. I felt her left hand move gently across my right leg and come to rest on the crotch of my trousers. She gave my cock and balls a gentle squeeze and then her hand was gone. I turned to look at her but she was looking out of the cab window as if nothing had happened. 

Thoughts were spinning in my head. Despite the fact that the physical side of my marriage had not been great for many years I loved my wife and had never been tempted to be unfaithful and yet here was a young women who seemed able to make me lust for her in a way I had long forgotten. Part of me wished that it was Janet sitting next to me – safe, dependable, unexciting Janet. Instead her place had been taken by someone who seemed sexy, alluring and who was giving me clear indications that she was available too. My mind was telling me to focus on my work, to think of my family at home and not to allow this flirtation to affect my working relationship with Sophie. My cock was telling me differently. In the days ahead it would be a test as to which would be stronger, mind or cock. Deep down I think I already knew who was likely to be the winner if the conflict between the two ever arose.

The tour of the city took my mind off more carnal thoughts as Sam displayed his knowledge, and driving abilities, to us. By the time we pulled up outside the Crowne Plaza and he helped us with our bags I was beginning to wonder if it had really happened. If for one second Sophie really had squeezed my cock. I wished I could have been hard at the time and given her more of a thrill and thinking that only served to make it happen for real as I felt those old familiar stirrings down below.

Sam helped us to the hotel reception. I paid him and he left us with his card and a "Have a Nice Day". He winked at me and took a last glance over at Sophie. How was it that Americans had the ability to say the most corny things and yet make them sound so genuine.

Soon we were checked in and with the porter's help on the way to our rooms on the 17th floor. In a way I was glad that we were not alone in the lift. Part of me wanted to express my thoughts and feelings right there and then but I needed to explore fully what Sophie's take was on the way we seemed to be getting closer and closer.

We dropped off Sophie at her room before going to mine, twenty or thirty yards down the corridor. I left her with a smile. 

"Give me a ring when you are unpacked and freshened up and perhaps we can take a walk to stretch our legs and get our bearings" I said, hoping it would not take her too long. I had spent most of the day with her and already I knew that I wanted to spend as much time with her as was possible before we had to return to the UK and normality.

"Ok" replied Sophie, in a way that indicated that she was looking forward to the days ahead too, "Will casual clothes be ok?".

"Perfect" I replied "Whatever you feel most comfortable in."

CHAPTER 4

My room was a typical US hotel room, large Queen-size bed and all the usual trimmings. I checked out the bathroom which was more of a wet-room with open shower. I altered my watch to Eastern USA time and then got my mobile phone and sent a few texts to my wife and children telling them I had arrived safely. Then I started to unpack my things and put them away in the drawers and wondered if Sophie was doing the same. 'Had she brought a nightdress or did she sleep naked?' 'Would I get the chance to find out or was this just a big game to her?' These and many more thoughts filled my head and then the phone rang.
