 Mark: Fuck, your tits are awesome. Touch them for me. Mmm, gawd. Tug your nipples hard now.

Mark: I want to fuck those perfect tits. Watch you lick at the head of my hard cock when I thrust up toward your face.

Sexy: I want to suck your cock. Make me gag with it.

Mark: I'd fuck your mouth just like your pussy.

Sexy: Stick it down my throat and cum.

Mark: Watch you choke with my whole cock in your mouth and down your throat. Pump my cum down your throat.

Sexy: Mmmmm I want your cum.

Mark: I want to give it to you. I'd love to give you my cock. Cum all over your face and tits.

Sexy: I'd lick it up and spread it on my tits.

Mark: Mmmm, I'd suck your hard nipples afterward.

Sexy: I'd let you fuck me in the ass.

Mark: Gawd, I'd love that. I love how you love sex.

Sexy: You'd only last 5 seconds in my tight ass.

Mark: I'd make you cum first. Make my naughty little slut cum with my hard cock up her ass. Imagine your rabbit is my cock and show me how you'd fuck me, Lindsey.

Mark: Mmmmm, you are sooooo hot. I want to fuck you right now.

Mark: I'd also fuck your tight shaved pussy. Hard from behind, spank your ass, pull your head back by your hair. Fill that hot pussy with cum.

Mark: Then I'd put you on your back and open your legs wide and lick your sloppy hot pussy babe.

Sexy: Oh fuck, I'd love that. I want you to lick your cum out of my pussy.

Mark: Look how hard you've made my cock. Fuck.

Sexy: Call me. 503 999 9999. I need you.

Thursdays had always been a great day for Mark. Not only was Thursday just one day from declaring another weekend, Mark had for years made them a workout night...a trail run with friends followed by cold beers at the locals pub. Generally home by 8 pm with a good buzz, Mark spent the remainder of the evening with his family. Perhaps the beers and the buzz were what led to the latest evolution of his tradition, cruising pornographic internet sites after his family turned in for the evening. His dabbling first consisted only of looking at pictures. He was amazed at the amount of porn readily available on the internet...literally anything and everything one might be interested in. While his interests were initially restricted to free sites where he could check out pictures and video clips, he soon stumbled onto chat rooms.

Mark is a fairly conservative guy and the chat rooms were more than he could initially comprehend. So many people typing real time to one another, at times inviting another to a private chat...it was very exciting to Mark to enter this "secret world." Mark soon realized the benefits in creating a secondary, secret email and IM address so that his new chat friends could contact him in a manner he could easily conceal from his wife. Mark wondered how often he was really playing with a sexy woman, rather than an unattractive woman or even worse a man posing as a woman. Nonetheless, the chat rooms were a great outlet to explore sexual fantasies and tendencies that he sensed, or even knew, his wife would not be comfortable with.

Over the course of four or five years, Mark developed "online" relationships with three or four women. The relationships were all similar—they were limited primarily to online chat. They all were very exciting to Mark, he came countless times during those chats, but began to want more. Mark's most recent playmate prior to Lindsey was "Cutiepie" from Ohio. Cutiepie was the first to convince Mark to connect with her telephonically, rather than only by keyboard.

Voice chat was a new dynamic that rekindled that crazy electricity within Mark--such an exciting, risky play. Cutiepie had a very sexy voice and an equally sexy mind. Cutiepie definitely had her own needs and sexual tendencies...one of her biggest turn ons was having her wrists ducttaped to a balcony and fucked hard from behind. She liked being used. But she was always attentive to Mark's needs as well. They made each other cum hard during their conversations and equally enjoyed their time together. 

Mark received a webcam from family for Christmas and quickly put it to a use for which it was not intended. Cutiepie was the first to watch Mark, at least below the shoulders, on web cam. Mark's activities with Cutiepie had evolved to voice and video chat via Yahoo IM, all while his family slept just one floor above his head. Had his wife only known he was sitting in the home office nearly directly below her, stripped naked, stroking his hard cock as he talked so crudely and sexually to his online friend. Those conversations inevitably ended with his standing, positioning the camera to capture the full length of his cock, as he stroked it and came a massive pool of hot cum onto the smooth wood surface of the desk.

Mark was disappointed that Cutiepie never reciprocated by showing herself on camera and slowly their online relationship weakened. Mark was interested in the next level...finding a chat friend who was comfortable in front of a webcam just as he had become. He stumbled across a webcam site and decided to subscribe for three months, using his company credit card so that his wife wouldn't see the charge. It was a fateful decision because it is where he met Lindsey. 

"Ringggggg....Ringggggg"

Sexy: Hiiiiiii. I'm so glad you called. You made me so fucking horny. I need to hear you cum.

Mark: I think we feed off each other. My cock is throbbing. I want to put it in you for real, right now. I want to fuck you hard.

Sexy:  Fuck me hard with it. Make me your slut.

Mark: I want to make you lick your pussy juices off my hard cock, then slide it down your throat.

Sexy: 

Mark: You like tasting your cum don't you?

Sexy: mmmmmm, yessssss.

Mark: Taste it for me right now. Suck your cum off your fingers.

Sexy: mmmmm...

Mark: I want to fuck you right now. For real.

Sexy: Fuck me in my ass.

Mark: I would love to fuck your tight ass. I'd fill your ass with my hot cum babe. You'd feel it oozing out of you.

Sexy: I came earlier while you watched me with my rabbit in my ass. I was thinking it was you.

Mark: You know I'd love to feel my cock in your ass.

Sexy: No one has ever licked their cum out of my pussy. I'd make you do that after you fucked me. Just pull your face up between my legs and make you lick my pussy.

Mark: I'd love to lick your sloppy wet, hot, puffy pussy just after you've been fucked.

Sexy: I want you. I wish you were here with me right now.

Mark: Gawd, so do I. I've had so much fun with you this way, I want you for real.

Sexy: So do I. I'd let you do anything you want with me.

Mark: I want to do everything with you. Make you my naughty little whore. Tie you up. Spank your ass. Pull your nipples. Cum all over you.

Sexy: I'd let you. I'd let you cum anywhere you want. 

Mark: Are you rubbing that smooth pussy for me right now?

Sexy: Yesssss.

Mark: How does it feel?

Sexy: So fucking hot. I want you to fuck it. I want you to lick it.

Mark: Do you want to be my kinky little slut?

Sexy: Fuckkkk yessss.

Mark: I'd like to squirt my cum all over your face and hair.

Sexy: Dooooo it....cum all over me. I want to hear you cum now.

Mark: I'm standing in front of you, stroking my hard cock. Looking down at you, on your knees, your mouth open, tongue wagging and begging for my hot cum.

Sexy: Fuck yes. Doooo it...cum all over my face.

With that, Mark groaned loudly into the phone as his hot jism rose through his hard cock and spewed all over, covering his stomach and chest as he lay on his back. Cum continued to leak out of the tip of his cock, covering his hand as he continued to grip his rod and slowly stroke it.

Mark: Damn Lindsey. You turn me on so much. I would love to be with you right now.

Sexy: Do it. Come see me.

Mark: What if I came to Oregon. Would you meet me for real?

Sexy: It doesn't matter. We both know it would never happen.

Mark: Why not? If I can find a business reason to travel there it could happen.

Sexy: It won't. You're married, I'm married. You have kids, I have kids. We both have our lives. This is fun but that's all it will ever be.

Mark: Look, I've never cheated, not even close. You're the only person I've ever suggested this with.

Sexy: It's hard for me. My husband is gone for months at a time. I don't want to fuck either of our lives up. I have almost cheated while out dancing with my friends. I let a guy finger me while we danced. That was it.

Mark: Wow, for real? I love your appetite for sex babe.

Sexy: I do love to fuck. I must be part man. I think about fucking all the time. I had a short skirt on with no panties. I go without panties a lot.

Mark: You're making me hard again.

Mark was completely taken by Lindsey, aka Sexy on the webcam site. She was first and foremost, very beautiful. Twelve years younger than him, she had medium length blonde hair, an infectious smile, perfect tits, and a very nice body to complete the package. She was very outgoing and playful with a great, dry sense of humor, and a massive appetite for sex. And not just sex...kinky, imaginative, wild sex. However, over the two or so years they had met online, they would talk not just about sex, but politics, culture, religion, economy and more. They genuinely clicked and their relationship had evolved from simple chat acquaintances to true friends. Mark knew that she was in a graduate study program, that her husband was in the military. It was very difficult for her to raise her children and study, almost as a single parent. The web site was a late night outlet for her, much like it was for Mark. Sex made her relax.

Mark: So you didn't fuck him?

Sexy: No, I might have but my girlfriends rescued me.

Mark: I would have just taken you to the men's room and fucked you before they had a chance to stop you.

Sexy: And have other men watch me fuck and suck you.

Mark: Would you want to be watched? Have them watch you be slutty for me?

Sexy: Fuckkkk yesssss.

Mark: I need to come to Oregon.

Sexy: We would go to a dark restaurant first. Get a booth, and let you finger me under the table. I'd rub your cock too.

Mark: I'd make you cum at the table. You'd have to bite your lip not to moan out loud. Then after dinner and drinks we would go to an adult store and get toys.

Mark: Then we'd go to my hotel room and play out all the things we've talked about together.

Sexy: I would meet you if you came to Oregon. But that's all I can promise.

(In Chapter Two, Mark and Lindsey will meet for the first time)