 Chad stepped off the plane onto London soil. He felt like kissing the ground after such a terrible flight. The turbulence was massive, and he had to sit next to a set of newborn twins the entire time. His ears were still ringing. He looked around, took a deep breath, and headed inside the terminal to claim his baggage. Once he found his small leather suitcase, he hailed a cab.

"Please take me to the Dorchester Hotel on Park Lane," Chad closed the cab door and tried to relax. London was only the first stop on his itinerary. At twenty-three years old, Chad was the head of his family's outerwear company. It was a lot of work, sometimes too much, but Chad felt like he owed it to his mother after his father passed away two winters ago. He needed to discuss business with overseas companies for the next few weeks.

"Looks like you need a drink, Kid," the cab driver looked at Chad through the rearview mirror and grinned. Chad wondered if it was that obvious. He sighed loudly, looking around the interior of the cab, and noticed a couple of sleek silver-embossed grey business cards on the seat next to him. They said "Amira Massage: The Ultimate Room Service." He took one and put it in his pocket, just in case.

Chad wondered if that's what he really needed; a relaxing massage. A few minutes later, they arrived at the hotel. It was beautiful and expensive looking, one thing that Chad never got sick of. He paid the driver, grabbed his suitcase, and ran up the steps. He suddenly felt excited thinking of a hot bath and clean sheets.

After he checked in, a maid showed him to his room, on the top floor. It was enormous and lush. Chad picked up a chocolate from the pillowcase, and debated about calling for a massage. He didn't have any meetings that night. Besides, he was sore, and could actually use some company. He pulled the card out of his pocket and dialled the number.

"Hello, I'd like to book an appointment,"

"Where are you located?" a sensuous women's voice filled his ear. He hadn't thought about the masseuse coming to him.

"I'm at the Dorchester Hotel on Park Lane, room number 876," The masseuse was to be there in exactly thirty minutes. It was nine pm. That left him with enough time to shower and eat a small dinner.

As he got undressed, he thought of the long morning he had had in France. Six business meetings, and a brunch with the CEO of a major chain retailer. The hot water hit his body, and he started to look forward to this massage.

At nine thirty, Chad heard a knock on his hotel room door. He didn't bother looking through the peep hole. He opened the door to a beautiful young woman. Her auburn hair fell past her shoulders. She wore a black working dress and carried a small black suitcase.

"Please come in. I'm Chad," he held open the door. The woman walked in and set down her suitcase.

"I am Rose," she held out her hand for him. He shook it eagerly.

"I'm not too sure how this works," Chad blushed and rubbed a hand on the back of his neck.

"Well, you should start by getting undressed," Rose opened her suitcase and started unpacking different candles, incense, and a nicely packaged black oil bottle.

It looked like it said Pjur. She put the candles around the room and lit them, then lit a stick of incense. The room was soon infused with a most delicious scent. She took the pillows off the bed and put down a towel. Chad was surprised how professional she seemed, yet still approachable and incredibly sexy.

"Oh okay, do you have something I should wear then?" he looked around the room nervously. She was so beautiful. He couldn't believe how lucky he was that she would be the one touching him.

"Oh, you wear nothing darling.. this is a naturist massage after all."

"Well?" she looked at Chad in amusement. He blushed again, and unbuttoned his jeans. In a few minutes, the two were completely nude. Chad couldn't help staring longingly at her statuesque body. He tried to hide his erection with his hands, but it was useless.

"We can begin sitting up if you like," Rose grinned and motioned for him to sit on the end of the bed. She brought over her warmed oil and started on his upper back. Chad could feel her breasts brushing against his skin. This wasn't what he had been expecting, but he was going to enjoy it anyway. He let his hands relax at his sides. Feeling him relax, Rose guided him onto his stomach. She stood next to him, and started rubbing right above his tight butt. She ran her hands up and down his long torso, rubbing in the hot oil into his skin. After a while, she used her body instead. The touch of her soft skin sliding up and down Chad's body was almost more than he could take. Then she started kissing his neck softly.

Rose's full lips sent chills down Chad's back. He tried to picture what she looked like right now, and instantly wished they were in front of a mirror. He could feel her hard nipples and soft lips all over his body now. He smiled to himself, and closed his eyes. A few minutes later she was guiding him to lay down on his back. His erection pointed to the ceiling, and he caught Rose looking. It didn't hurt that he had a nice package.

Rose started at his feet, massaging his soles. She worked her way up his athletic calves, and to the outsides of his thighs. She ran her hands up and down the tense muscles, causing Chad to let a moan. She took it as a good sign, and started on the soft insides of his thighs. She came dangerously close to his large mass, slathering oil the whole way. Chad closed his eyes tightly, feeling slightly awkward. Soon he could feel her whole body sliding up and down his, her tits sliding over his incredibly hard cock. She wrapped her hands around it. He opened his eyes, and watched the beautiful model-esque masseuse use two hands to massage his private parts. Her large breasts bounced up and down as she went faster and harder.

Chad looked at her tight stomach, and her smooth hairless pussy. Rose urged his legs off of the bed, until he was back to sitting up. She kneeled closely in front of him, took his balls in one hand, and his thick cock in her other hand. Chad groaned, and let it happen. He couldn't say no. It felt too amazing. She used her hands in ways he had never felt before. He kept his eyes open, watching her stroke his cock expertly. He looked at her nice round ass, and knew he was about to cum. He gripped the edge of the bed, and watched his masseuse jerk him hard, until his orgasm came to a head. Rose pulled back just in time, and took the cum shot all over her amazing breasts. Chad watched his own cum drip down her chest, and onto her stomach. She stood up, and smiled.

"Will that be all, Chad?" she paused briefly, "I mean, do you feel relaxed?"

"Thank you," was all Chad could come up with. He was breath-taken. Maybe he would find a way to stay in London for a few more nights.