 I could tell something happened by the way you had responded on IM. I felt bad for you because I know that day seemed to have started out pretty well. When you get back to the flat, the lights are off and I manage to open the door before you. I greet you with a smile, and lead you inside. The place is dark except for dozens of small tea light candles all around the room.

I say, 'I know you had a rough afternoon and I have something special planned for you to help make you feel better.' I give you a kiss and run my hands up your legs, your skirt and gently massage your bare ass... your hand reaches for what you know is hard cock, but I gently stop you and say, 'Not yet... I have plans....' I remove your coat and hat and lead you to the couch, a heavy warm and soft robe is laid out over the coffee table and a blanket is on the couch as well.

I want to pleasure you today and I have made certain arrangements my love, let me lead. You nod your head and don't say anything.

I pull down your skirt and take off your shirt and then I let you sit on the couch while I kneel on the floor and remove your shoes,massaging your feet and legs.. kissing them gently. I undo the bra to let those wonderful breasts hang free and then drape the blanket over your shoulders to keep warm while I suck on your breasts... a moan escapes your lips and I suck harder. My hands wander to your cunt and you're soaking wet.. having been bare all day. It takes every ounce of control not to dive in and fuck and suck and eat you, but I have special plans for you so I have to be patient.

I gently massage your cunt lips while I kiss you, then I slowly and gently remove your thigh high stockings, so you are completely bare.

I tell you that we need to put on your robe as its time for a shower. You seem disappointed, but I ask you to trust me. You will get what you want, what you need, soon enough. We quickly put your robe on you and lead you to the shower with a big smile. The room is already steamy. Undressing quickly, I undo your robe and lead you into the bath. We stand underneath the warm stream and I tell you how lovely you are as the water runs down your curves.

I lather up some shampoo in my hands and gently wash your hair, something we have never done before. but today I am serving you in every way. I rinse your hair and then lather up body wash and work my hands all over your body. your neck, your shoulders, your breasts, hips and then down down down.

You are like putty in my hands and I rub my body all over your lathered body.. my hard hot cock pressing against you. Your rock hard nipples against me.

My hands work over your ass cheeks and I know you love how I knead them. I slide a hand between your legs and feel another kind of wetness between them.. I rinse off my hand and slide a finger into your cunt and passionately kiss you while I finger you. You put a foot up on the tub so I can go deeper in and work all around.

I slide in two fingers and pump them in and out, massaging your clit with my thumb. When I suck on your breast you shudder and cry out. Your cunt muscles squeeze on my fingers... so fucking tight.

You hold my head with two hands and beg me to put my cock in. I want to make you happy so I adjust my plans a bit, and say, "Yes.. I have something special all laid out.. just trust me."

We rinse off quickly and I gently dry you and wrap you in your robe.

I lead you to the bedroom which is illuminated only with more candles.

I have replaced the sheets and blanket with red satin ones.

I lead you to the foot of the bed and turn you around to face away from it, Your robe is undone and falls to the floor and I guide you on your back to the bed.. the cool satin sheets feel delicious against your naked body but you get goosebumps all the same.. I can see them in the candlelight.

I glide you back on the bed and part your legs and crawl up between them.

"I love you" I say and I begin kissing your inner left thigh. moving up up up to your cunt, I kiss up and around the outside of your lips, the top of your clit and back down.. my tongue sticks out just a bit and I keep it moist so it glides all around.

I go back down the right side of your cunt and then back up the middle and you arch your back. You are so syrupy moist and tasty. I love the salty musky flavor of your juices.

I lap at your cunt, moving my tongue up and down your lips, applying more and more pressure as it moves back down across your clit and pushing deeper into you at the same time, picking up your juices.

You push your cunt against me and fuck my tongue. I back out and twirl my tongue around your clit.. soft at first and then with more and more pressure. Then I stop, pausing for a second, and gently lick right on top of it

You scream and arch your back. Juices are now running freely from your cunt.. soaking the new sheets

I wrap my lips around your clit and start sucking on it and you get so loud and start panting.. saying things I don't understand. Your legs have a vice grip in my head and I really can't hear a thing. You are bucking and going wild and I think saying something like, "Oh My God! Oh My God!."

Then you cum, again. The goosebumps are gone and now your face is flushed and you are a bit sweaty.

I stop to admire you but then quickly go back again. You try to close your legs because you're just too sensitive right now... but you are mine as well and I overpower you. I resume licking your clit and slide first one then two fingers in you and then working them in and out, finger fucking your clit as well.

It doesn't take too long for you to cum again...your breathing has become heavy and I can see you are exhausted but you give me the biggest smile and I know you are just so happy right now.

I move up to kiss you again and you lick your juices off my face, but I'm not really done...

I move on top of you and hold you close to me, the tip of my cock pressed against your cunt and I slide in slowly. You are so wet and just so hot, it is like heaven. "God you are wonderful", I tell you. "You deserve all this love, to be treated and made to feel like this and I am so happy to be able to do this with you and for you."

I pull out and thrust in again and you shudder

I hold down your hands and hold myself up a bit so we can watch my cock slide all the way in and all the way out.. savoring this moment and the feeling of penetration. I begin to work up speed and depth and soon am balls deep in you. 

Still on my cock i turn you on your stomach, and lift your hips. You turn back to me and smile because you know whats coming.

On your knees with your ass in the air, I am squatted behind you and start fucking that cunt..hard. We are like animals in heat as I pound into you. Your body shakes with each thrust, your big tits swaying.. you start yelling unintelligible things I cant understand as I continue to pound away at you.

I reach around and grab your breasts and tell you how much I love you: my slut, my cunt, my fucking whore.

We are both covered in sweat and are close to cumming. In another thrust I feel you tense up and you yell. "Ooh mmmmyyy Gooood" and as you cum, I unload my hot cum into you as well. 

As we collapse on the bed, completely drained, my cock slides out of you and our juices run down your legs... I scoop some up and feed them to you... you lick my fingers clean as we catch our breath. arms entwined.

'I love you", I whisper. You smile that dreamy smile and fall asleep in my arms. The problems of the day forgotten.