 My breath escapes me in a rush as I see the soft cord dangling from your hands. You simply look at me in amusement and raise your eyebrow in question. I'm so excited that I'm shaking in anticipation, and I nod at you with a growing smile.

The pounding through my veins is like a tribal drum beating out a mating dance as you advance toward me. You hold out your hand in invitation and I take it. You lead me to a clear area of the room, near a desk, and pull out the straight-backed wooden chair. Then you return to the bed to retrieve a pillow...

I'm so turned on that I can barely see straight, let alone register what is happening. You motion for me to sit on the chair before folding the pillow in half and sliding it behind me, effectively making me sit at the edge of the chair. As an afterthought, you fetch another pillow and bring it back, propping it up on top of the first pillow to give me a cushion if I lean back against the chair.

Satisfied with your work, you move behind me. Taking a deep breath at what's about to happen, you gently take my arms and move them behind the back of the chair...

You tell me to sit straight up for slack. Crossing my wrists, you deftly bind them firmly with the cord -- not too tight -- and then you take the loose ends and loop them through a rung of the chair and tie them together, giving me just enough play to be comfortable, but I'm essentially bound.

Satisfied with your work, you circle back to stand in front of me and notice that my head's down. Half-afraid we may have already taken this too far, you quietly ask if I'm okay. My head immediately rises, my eyes collide with yours, and you can see the wild carnality there. This time your breath escapes YOU as you realize that I was probably trying to get myself in check. My eyes close for a moment, my head lowers slightly. When I next look at you, the wild look has been replaced with one of pure abandon. Abandon to you.

The sight takes you aback completely and causes your already-hardened cock to throb painfully. You're in awe of the look, and you know I don't give it to many people. You drop to your knees in front of me and reach up to pull my head down to you to claim my mouth, searing me with your heat, tasting me with your tongue. My moan is your undoing and you catch my hair in your hand to lure my head back as you blaze a trail down my neck with your lips.

I quietly cry out your name as each touch of your mouth on my skin sends an electric shock to my very core. My nipples tighten into a delicious pucker and goose-bumps form on my skin. You trail your tongue over the miniature speed bumps as you move down over the swell of my breast. Your tongue trails over the creamy skin and, without teasing me more, flicks against a pebble-hard nipple. I can't stop the cry that escapes my throat as my head falls back. I'm so wired, and the void between my legs is achingly empty. Anything you do now will simply be very, very sweet torture.

You follow with a gentle scraping of your teeth over the stiff nub. I squeal. And then you about lose it when I whisper "Harder." You gladly comply. You circle the edge of my rosy areola with your teeth and bite firmly as you slowly pull your head back, stretching my nipple, causing a scraping sensation as it slowly slides from between your teeth. I groan the entire time at your assault, whimpering when you free me of the torment.

You lean back and look at my now-quivering breasts. Not wanting to neglect the other, you raise your thumb and index finger to gruffly pinch and twist the rosy skin. I cry out and whisper my assent at the sharp pleasure/pain you're giving me. Not only am I wired now, but my clit is throbbing, and my juices are spreading to my inner-thighs.

You release my nipple and apply pressure to my legs with your hands, urging them apart. You position yourself between them -- not enough to be tempted to gratefully slide into my heat, but close enough to have plenty of access. You raise your hands to again stroke my breasts before you firmly slide your hands down my sides, enjoying the feel of the soft skin and curves beneath your touch. I shiver. And then you bring your mouth to my sternum and kiss your way down my belly and further...

Your hands slide back to grasp my ass as your mouth first finds my musky heat. You simply kiss your way down over me and I sigh in amazement at the simple feeling. Then your hands urge my legs further apart...

... and I gasp as your tongue finds it's way between my folds and into my wetness, gently moving up to part my pouty lips and to find the base of my engorged clit. You pull back before going any further, making me sigh in frustration, letting out the breath that I'd held while concentrating on the feeling of your actions.

And then... just a touch... your tongue on my clit... and I cry out your name in hot amazement. You don't tease long, but you do enjoy flicking your tongue lightly over me a few times as my gasps and squeals fill your ears. Finally, your lips settle gently around my core and you lightly suck on me.

I cum almost immediately at this simple action. My body goes rigid and you hear my hoarse cries as spasms rake through my body.

You back off, not wanting to hurt me. I came so quickly, and you barely had a chance to get started! But you want to give my body a chance to calm down before continuing...

My breathing finally begins to slow. But before you can continue, I level my hot gaze at you and tell you to stand up and move beside me. Unable to resist, you do just that. Your cock is at the perfect level and I open my mouth, strain my bonds by leaning over enough to reach you, and let my tongue dance across your cockhead.

You growl at the thrills that shoot up the length of you and move a bit closer, giving me easier access. At this, my lips seal around you and the gentle suction begins... Before long, I'm lazily sliding my mouth up and down the length of you. You can feel yourself starting towards release...

You abruptly pull away, not wanting this to end yet... and not this way. You lean over, kiss me, and tell me that it isn't time for that right now. I smile, knowing how much you enjoy my mouth on you, knowing how difficult it was for you to pull away.

And then you again kneel down between my legs and drop your attention to my body... You slide your hands up my inner thighs, your thumbs catching the skin to either side of my pussy lips, spreading them so that my clit is in plain view. Such a small little thing, but such a powerful bundle of nerves... Oh so gently, you bring the tip of your relaxed tongue to it. No use causing pain by subjecting me to a firm caress right after orgasm...

You take a quick taste and my body tenses at the intense pleasure and I sit up. You immediately retreat and breathe hot air over me, relaxing me again, and I fall back against the pillow. And then you change your tactics, using the flat of your tongue to blanket the little knob. My pleasure-filled sigh/moan tells you to continue. And continue you do -- barely moving the blanket of your tongue over the nub, caressing, stimulating, and comforting at the same time. It's almost more than I can take -- all I can do is moan out your name and tell you how incredible it feels.

Encouraged, you let a single hand take over the task of spreading me for you, and drop the other to my steamy wetness, to slowly slide one finger, then two, into my heat. I groan, and you start to thrust your fingers into me. I whimper. You add a third finger to the thrusting, filling me as you give me the pseudo-fuck. All I can do is gasp, in awe of the amazing feeling of what you're doing and of the speed with which my next orgasm is building. You're able to look up at me while you're servicing me and witness my eyes closed, my head back and slowly rolling from side to side. My breasts are stretched taut, my nipples are still puckered. And my cries are filling the air.

And you just keep up your efforts, knowing that I'm getting close -- my pussy is continually tightening around your fingers, and my breaths are coming out in short gasps. I groan, I squeal... and then I cry out your name as my head abruptly drops forward and my body is again raked with spasms.

You immediately back away from my clit, and more slowly remove your fingers from my hot box. My breath catches and my eyes find yours. "Please..." I manage to utter, and then glance at your wet fingers. Your amazement is apparent as you raise your fingers to my mouth. One by one, I clean your moist fingers. And then, with dark eyes and a low voice, I tell you that I want to taste you again.

My gaze never leaves yours as you rise and again move to stand beside me. Only when you're there do my eyes drop to your delicious cock. My mouth finds you and I proceed to "blow" your mind! You know you won't last long with me doing this. You thrust your cock into my mouth a few times, enjoying the feel of my tongue playing along the length of you. And then you have to pull away again.

You drop to your knees between my legs again as your hands sear my body. Your mouth finds one breast, and then the other, and then my mouth. And then you know that you have to finish this. You reach behind me with both hands as your tongue teases my navel and my torso. You release the cord from the chair, leaving me bound at the wrists. And then you look up at me and suggest a position...

My breath catches in my throat and my eyes darken. I know what's coming and I'm more than ready! You rise and help me to turn around and kneel on the chair. And then you just step back and look at me -- my arms are resting on the chair back, my ass is thrust out in invitation. The sight is almost enough to make you blow on the spot. But there's a warm, wet place into which you'd rather unload...

I hear you approach and then feel your hands slide over my hips, your lips on my back. And then I feel you guiding your hot prick to my waiting sex.

You lube up your cockhead and then sloooowly slide just that part of your prick into my heat. A loud rush of air escapes me and you immediately feel my muscles testing you... it feels fantastic and you know you'd better get on with it if you want to last at all. You put both of your hands on my hips to steady me and then deliberately slide your fullness into me, backing off only once to lube... I simply let out one continuous breath through the entire, incredible movement -- I can practically taste you filling me!

You stay put for a moment, enjoying the warmth surrounding your engorged flesh. And then you pull back and then ram back home, making me squeal at the fierce pleasure! You retreat again, bending at the knees a bit, and then slide back in, feeling your cock scrape along the front wall, looking for a single spot...

And you know you've hit it at my intense reaction -- by body goes taut for a moment and I wordlessly exclaim. You withdraw and then slowly try again, prompting me for direction. I lead you there with stilted commands -- "A little forward, no back a bit, shift a tiny bit to your right... OH!!!!" And you know you've found the spot. You keep the pressure there, moving very slightly to stimulate the spot, and I reward you with moans and half-formed cries... and then my back starts to undulate in front of you as my pussy clamps down on your cock and my body begins to shudder again and again.

That's your breaking point. You proceed to recklessly pound into my body, enjoying the friction of the slide, the jolt of hitting home, and the rush of each withdrawal. Your blood is pounding through your cock and you can feel yourself swelling to an amazing size as my pussy milks you, begging for your cream... and then you thrust one last time, savoring the flow of your juices filling my heat...