 This is a follow on story based on the characters from "A Good Girl?" and is set six months later, but can be read separately. It is intended to be fun and "tongue-in-cheek". Hope you enjoy! 

***** 

* Jennie * 

The pub was starting to fill up with Friday-night revellers. We'd made the most of arriving early to secure a small table in the corner. From here we could survey all that was going on around us, without drawing too much attention to ourselves. 

Mark sat across from me, calmly sipping an ice-cold bottle of cider. He was looking cheerful and relaxed. And why shouldn't he? After all, we'd come here to celebrate Mark's forty third birthday. He wanted to keep the celebrations low-key, as birthdays didn't matter much to him, so it was just the two of us. 

I hoped we could still have a fun-filled night. I decided to add a bit of spiciness to tonight's proceedings: 

"You know I've been doing this 'forty challenges before I'm 40'... Well I thought it would be fun if you completed some challenges to mark your birthday." 

Mark smirked back. "I don't want to be a party pooper, but it's my birthday today. How am I going to have time to complete forty three challenges? You've been doing your challenges since the beginning of the year; I've only got four hours to go." 

"Of course I realised it's your birthday today. I'm not that stupid!" 

I began fiddling with a beer mat, as I glanced at Mark. "I was thinking of something a bit more manageable. Perhaps you could do some mini-challenges while we're here in the pub?" 

Mark cocked his head sideways. "Go on then. What did you have in mind?" 

"Well, I set you a list of things to do. You have to do all the tasks I set you. I won't allow you to wuss out of any of them..." I lowered my voice to adopt a sultry tone: "...and If you do complete all of the challenges, I will reward you with some unbelievably hot sex at the end of the night." 

A snigger broke out as Mark digested this. "Eh, hang on a minute. I thought I could count on having some nooky with you tonight, without any conditions attached. After all, it is my birthday!" 

We both laughed. However I was determined to push Mark hard to agree to my plans. The last three years had taught me plenty about what made my boyfriend tick, and I knew sex was one of the most powerful motivators for him. All I had to do was make the deal seem like a no-brainer. So I decided to up the stakes: 

"Well, put it this way, if you don't enter into the spirit of this dare, you won't be having sex with me until my birthday in four months time. And I will keep a close eye on you, to make sure you won't be able to masturbate in between." 

Mark tried unsuccessfully to appeal to my better nature: "But remember the last time I tried to abstain from wanking? It was awful. I barely lasted a couple of weeks. I was going stir crazy." 

"So do I take it, you are saying yes to doing my challenges? If you succeed you get to have some amazing sex with me. But if you lose, there is no sexual release for months. Simple!" 

Mark caved in. "Ok, I'll give it a go. What do you want me to do?" 

Mark was being a good sport by agreeing, but he had no idea what was going to happen next. Little did he know, but my devious mind had been scheming revenge since Christmas. Back then, Mark had tricked me into wearing a revealing Santa outfit and got me to perform various sex acts on a stage. It had been an earth-shattering experience for me, but embarrassing nether the less. Ever since then, I wanted to even the score with Mark. I knew I would have to catch him unawares so I bided my time for six months, until his birthday came round. Now was the time to act. 

I'd put a lot of thought into this night. I'd selected this pub in particular because it had a lively crowd. Attractive people dressed to impress and there was a general buzz about the place. There was loud music pumping out of the speakers and subdued lighting, to add to the atmosphere. By my reckoning, it was the perfect location for Mark to undertake my series of challenges. 

I began explaining to Mark what I wanted him to do: "First we need some ground rules. To complete each challenge, you need some kind of proof that you did what you were asked to. So, for example, you might take a photo. Or perhaps I can witness you in action. You can't tell anyone you are doing a challenge, to get their cooperation, otherwise it would be too easy. You can come up with as many elaborate lies as you like to convince people to help you complete each challenge, but they must never know you are doing some kind of a bet. And finally, people mustn't know I've set you up to do this." 

Mark was getting impatient. "This sounds very heavy. I thought these challenges were going to be fun?" 

I sought to calm his nerves. Although I was seeking revenge, I genuinely wanted Mark to get something positive out of this adventure: "It will be fun. You might feel out of your comfort zone at times, but afterwards, you will be smiling from ear to ear. I promise." 

I rustled in my purse and produced a folded piece of paper. I slipped it across the table so Mark could read it for himself. Mark stared down at the paper to find out what I wanted him to do. As he did so, I couldn't help but admire his physical appearance. He was dressed smartly tonight; wearing a short sleeved shirt and a pair of chino trousers. I began licking my lips in anticipation of what might unfold later. In contrast to my joy, Mark squirmed uncomfortably in his seat as he took on board the challenges outlined on the list. 

The challenges were as follows: 

