 Edited by Todger

*****

How fucking unlucky could I be... On the first vacation I allow myself in five years, I get in a very bad car crash that nearly kills me. I wasn't even going that fast in my 1970 Dodge Challenger. It took about a week after the crash, the nurses tell me, before I truly woke up from a haze of painkillers and sleeping pills. I was on my back in a hospital bed, in a huge room with six or seven other people. I looked down and saw three plaster casts on my legs and right arm, one splint on my left arm and not an inch of skin showing as I had bandages all over the rest of my body. I could barely move, and in any case hellish pain flared up whenever I tried.

After filling some papers, I asked to be transferred to a private room. "Sir, it's very expensive..." the nurse began."I don't care;" I replied tersely, "I'm very rich." The following morning a team of nurses moved me to a new room, with a large window. For the next few days, during the few hours I could stand the pain without sleeping pills, all I could do was look out of that window.

The next week I made a few calls. No wife, no kids, so the only people I could call were my business partner and two friends. One of them came to see me despite the seven hour drive. It helped with my morale, but after he left I was still faced with the inescapable fact that I was trapped here in Portland for a long while. I was too fucked up to be transferred back to my hometown hospital. Nurses and Doctors seem reluctant to tell me exactly how long my recovery would take; probably because I was pretty angry and frustrated most of the time.

As the intense pain decreased during the next week, I settled in a sort of hellish routine. Doctors checking up on me (I was doing great, they said. I was really strong and healing well) and nurses checking on my vitals, slipping me a bedpan for the humiliating moments when I had to pee or shit and then wiping me like a little baby. This followed by the equally awkward sponge bath. The sponge bath was a complicated and painful affair; they had to slip some sort of leather harness under my back to lift me up, allowing them access to my entire body.

Apparently you could get used to anything and four or five days later I didn't mind the bedpans all that much, and the nurses were obviously used to it as well. The one humiliating surprise that my body had in store for me appeared when the friendliest (and cutest) nurse, Carrie, gave me a sponge bath. She had done the same thing a number of times already, and everything had been fine until one sunny morning. Perhaps it was because she was in a great mood and smiling at me, that my penis decided to turn into a very erect cock.

I flushed immediately, stopped talking and tried my best to move or hide it. Bad reflexes; the pain that followed my vain attempts at covering myself was excruciating. The nurse told me that she was used to it, and that it actually was a good sign that my body was returning to a normal state. "Well, I'm not normally like this!" I said, trying to make a joke out of it. She grinned. "I know! Look, I understand that it's awkward, but as I said I'm used to it and it is pretty normal... Don't worry about it."

So even these occasional erections became part of the routine. Only with her, though. I didn't have them with the male nurses or the "ogre". The ogre is the secret name I gave to one particularly ugly and nasty nurse. Every time she came by I knew I was going to be frustrated by her attitude, and was going to be in some pain. When I asked my favorite sponge-bath nurse about her she didn't say anything, only rolled her eyes while shaking her head. She wasn't going to talk behind the back of her colleague, but she had made her opinion of her very clear nonetheless.

Two weeks (and quite a few erections) later, the doctors confirmed what I already knew; I was doing much better. They would be able to remove the splint very soon, and even though the casts would stay on for a while yet, the pain had subsided almost completely. The itching was another matter entirely. But all in all, it wasn't that bad considering how close I came to dying in my car.

When Carrie came for my morning bath one morning, she came as close to breaking her professional demeanor as I had ever seen her. Here I was, as nude as I could be with my casts, a raging erection obvious as she washed my cock with her hand and sponge. Suddenly she looked at me with a strange smile and said: tomorrow you're going to meet Indiana. She's a volunteer, and she's going to be replacing me and the other nurses for the non-medical procedures... like this one.

Looking down at her, as she was holding the base of my cock with her hand, I stammered: "Really? Why?"

"Well, because you're doing a lot better now..."

"Oh. Well, I, er... kind'a like it when you... er..."

I stopped, knowing I wasn't really going to say what I wanted to say out loud. She smiled at me, squeezed the base of my cock quickly before resuming the bath. "Don't worry; I'm pretty sure you're going to like her... I chose her for you myself."

Maybe it was my imagination, but it seemed that Carrie took a bit more time finishing up that particular area of my body. When she stopped, I was rock hard, breathing somewhat harder than usual. You know, when both your hands are useless, and you can't remember the last time you had an orgasm and a cute nurse gives your cock a sponge bath... your body reacts. Carrie looked at my cock, then up at me, surprising me with a whispered: "Sorry..." I was left alone in my room, looking down at the tent my cock was making above my belly, unable to release the tensions. I knew these tensions were only going to increase... Maybe now that Carrie was not going to wash me, it's going to be less frustrating?

When I woke up the next morning, I didn't know what to expect. Indiana was a strange name, and I couldn't guess how old she was likely going to be. Carrie came in my room and said that she wanted to introduce my new caregiver. When Indiana followed her in, my eyes opened wide in surprise: I had already seen her. Two weeks ago, as I was looking outside at the little park where some patients went to sit out, I saw an incredible girl. She was outside with patients and at first I could only see her from behind. She was tall and thin, a lot thinner than I usually like, but she had nicely curved hips nonetheless. Her long thick mane of red hair shining like copper in the sunlight: she was obviously of Irish descent. What really caught my eyes, though, was that she was wearing extremely short shorts. Her long thin legs were amazing while she was sitting down, but as she got up and walked away, I could see the line between her left buttock and thigh: those were short shorts. I only had a glimpse of her face before she left: she looked really beautiful.

Now, two weeks later, she was standing in my room, and she was more than beautiful, she was absolutely gorgeous. Despite the fact that she was dressed like all the other nurses, in plain and very drab green uniforms, I could remember the body I had seen form my window. Her very long hair was pinned in a decent bun, yet it still shone under the harsh neon lights.

I heard myself saying hello and other mundane things as my mind tried to wrap itself around the fact that I was going to have the chance to get to know her. As Carrie left, she grinned, even winked at me; she did tell me that she had selected Indiana for me... After a deep breath, left all alone with that gorgeous creature, I actually felt very good for the first time in a long while.

That first morning was all professional. Indiana had an easy laugh, but she seemed to be holding it in check, trying to look like a real nurse. I learned later that she was planning on becoming one. Right now she was only a volunteer, helping around in a hospital struggling with budget cuts all over the departments. She spent about one hour with me on that first morning, and I quickly got the feeling that part of her job was to keep the patients company. She made a show of checking all my vitals, casts, splint and charts, but she did it much more slowly than the nurses, all the while trying to keep me talking.

It helped a lot that she was gorgeous. In fact, she was absolutely spectacular. She was shining like the only fire in a forest at night, and when she smiled or laughed, my heart skipped a few beats. If the first morning was a 'get-to-know-you' moment, the following morning was more 'down-to-business.' I got sponge baths once every two or three days, and it seemed that I was going to get one this morning.

To my great shame, I was fully erect before she even removed my gown. She was, very clearly, not as used to this a Carrie had been. She flushed red, and her pale skin seemed to enhance the effect. Even while I was feeling as awkward as she was, I was also aware that she must have induced quite a few erections since she started giving sponge baths to male patients.

After taking a deep breath, I looked at her and said, "Well, both my arms have been useless for a long time, so it looks like this sponge bath is the only thing I'll get..." Indiana seemed surprised, but grinned even as she blushed. I then added "And you're absolutely gorgeous, so if you can take my erections as very raw compliments, I'd rather have you doing it than the ogre..."

Well it looked like my attempt at defusing the situation with a direct compliment, a reference to my situation and the joke about that awful nurse that people called the ogre worked very well. Indiana laughed out loud, and her face showed a unique blend of shyness, delight and pleasure. My comment, which could have thrown more oil onto the fire, had broken the ice. And while there was nothing sexual at all, not even a glance, when she cleaned my cock, she was now clearly more comfortable with the task. As we continued to talk afterward, I caught her looking at the very visible tent that my cock, still hard, made under my robe.

Over the next few days, our relationship continued to grow as we became more and more friendly. We even started to share some of our personal lives with each other. The sponge baths remained wonderful, and I quickly realized that she's spending a lot more time on my chest, ass and cock than other nurses. Eventually I even saw arousal in her eyes as she did it.

About a week after her first visit, I decided that I would have to make a move. I was slowly getting better, and it would only be a matter of weeks before I was well enough to transfer to a hospital in my hometown. The next morning Indiana came to my room like every other morning, but something was different. She was still wearing the same drab clothes, her hair was still pinned neatly on her head and she wasn't wearing any make-up. Something was different, but I didn't know what.

She began talking about her first weeks doing this volunteering. She said that at first she was doing ordinary, boring work: cleaning the rooms, changing the sheets, directing people around the hospital, handing number tokens for long lines... But soon enough someone realized that the patients liked her a lot, and most of her time now was spent just being with patients who were alone, without visitors.

After that, she said that she noticed that the chief nurse usually sent her to see male patients. While she found that a bit peculiar, her bright smile made it clear that she wasn't really bothered by it. In the pause that followed, I took another chance and said, "Can I ask for a very big favor?"

My direct question changed her mood somehow, and she was a bit apprehensive.

But she said: "Shoot!" with her wonderful smile. 

"Would you mind unpinning your hair? I'm a big fan of red hair, and yours has been teasing me for a while now..."

Her smile turning into a grin, she didn't answer. Instead, she reached up and removed the long wooden pin that held her tresses in check. As she freed her hair by shaking her head left and right, I was mesmerized. Her hair was much longer than I remembered and appeared much brighter now it was falling free. Burnished copper locks were falling all over the place, cascading all over her shoulders, back and breasts. The whole room seemed to light up, and her shy grin only added to the effect. Instinctively one of my hands tried to move up to touch her hair, only to send lances of pain up my arm and shoulder.

Taken by surprise, Indiana came to my side pretty quickly and gently moved my arm back into place. Doing so, of course, moved much of her hair against my face, and I just couldn't contain a moan. Even though I had just moaned out in pain, Indiana recognized that this latest moan wasn't the same. "Oh, I see... You really like hair..." Eyes closed by the pain, I still smiled and nodded. As I was catching my breath, Indiana moved closer and I felt her hair on my face. Not just for a quick moment. Indiana was giving me another type of bath. My entire face was soon covered with her hair, and my nose was filled with her scent. When I inhaled deeply I heard her laugh, so very close to me. "Thank you, thank you so much..." I said. As she slowly pulled away a few minutes later, she replied "No problem... my pleasure."

When she sat down next to me, not making a single move to tie her hair back, she noticed that my cock was hard once more. When she smiled, I said: "Ya, I really like hair..." We both laughed about it, and even though nothing else special happened during the rest of the hour, the mood was very bright.

As it happened, the following morning was a bath day. This time I was erect even before she came into the room. As usual, for the last hour, I had fought off the urgent need to masturbate, even though I knew I couldn't do it myself. Spending days and days with broken arms, alone in a room where a beautiful young woman came to visit... Not easy! As she came in the room, I saw her eyes glance at my robe and immediately I said "I'm sorry..."

"Shhh. You said I should take it as a compliment, and I like compliments! Don't worry about it. On the other hand, I didn't think I'd get so many compliments, so often... or so clearly!"We laughed as she prepared the bath.

When she removed my robe, she looked at my cock and made a face. "What?" I asked, fearing that she had seen some medical problem.

"Well, honestly... It really looks painful!"

She blushed as she said it, but yesterday's hair incident had changed our relationship somewhat. Hearing her comment, it was my turn to blush, and I didn't know how to respond. She said "This may be inappropriate, but do you... er, do you have a girlfriend... that could, er... come and, well, visit?"

A simple "Nope." was all I could manage.

"Ok, and you've been here for how long now?"

"A long time..." another simple, flat answer.

Silence after that. Indiana then put on her gloves, and began the sponge bath. Immediately I noticed that she zeroed in on my cock a lot quicker than usual. When she placed the warm, soapy sponge on my cock and began washing it, I twitched in pleasure. Above, under, on the sides, on the glans, under the foreskin as she pulled on it with her gloved hand, then down to my balls... I was going crazy. ...and I was also going to cum very soon. "Stop... please stop Indiana." She did.

When I turned to look at her, she asked "Are you sure you want me to stop?"

"Well if you don't... I, well, I won't be able to control..."

"Shhhh. Don't you think I know that?"

We looked at each other for a while, as she was waiting for my answer she smiled softly. I simply nodded. A second later I heard a latex glove snapping and felt her bare hand closing on my cock. Honestly, I don't think it took me more than thirty seconds. When I came, it was a unique combination of utter release, intense pleasure and sharp pain as some of my injured muscles contracted with the rest of my body. When I looked down, I saw that my entire belly was covered with gobs of sperm. "Should I take all this as a compliment as well?" Indiana asked, laughing with me.

"Please do!"With none of the shyness I had seen earlier, Indiana gave me time to recuperate. She was still holding my cock, smiling gently at me. She then began cleaning my mess with the sponge. To my surprise, and hers, I got hard again. "Wow! This I take as a huge compliment!" We laughed again, until I felt her hand close on my cock. This time I was able to enjoy the moment, and even dared to look directly into her eyes as she was giving me the best hand-job in a long time. Soon she got up, leaned over me and spat a wad of spit right on my cock, transforming the already intense sensations into pure bliss. Her fingers were both soft and firm, and pretty soon, taking her cues from my moans and a few whispered comments; she found the perfect grip, speed, depth... I was in heaven!

I came again a few minutes later, with a similar mix of pleasure and pain, but most importantly, sweet relief. I felt better than I had in weeks. Maybe months! Indiana finished her bath slowly, taking her time, using her bare hands and transforming the awkward task into a very nice massage. I got half hard again, but told her that I was quite alright. Usually the nurses finished the baths in a few minutes, but I think I enjoyed this one for more than a half an hour. Indiana left afterwards, having other patients she had to see.

The following morning I noticed two things as soon as she came in. First, she unpinned her hair as soon as the door had closed behind her, giving me one of her bright smiles as she did. Second, her drab garb, while still as drab, was noticeably tighter. Indiana was lean and decently tall, and her breasts were proportionate, probably a large B cup, but they were now obvious under her top. Her hips, thighs and ass were also a lot more "present" than they had been previously. When she walked to the dresser and bent down to look for something in the bottom drawer, keeping her legs deliciously straight, I understood that the tighter clothes weren't an accident. I was mesmerized by her ass, and stared at its glory for way too long. I simply couldn't resist."Enjoying the view?" Indiana asked. When I looked up, I saw her reflection in the dresser mirror: she had seen me. Before I could reply, she straightened up and laughed.

"Well", I said, "actually yes, I was. And, miss, weren't you looking for something in that drawer?"

Indiana faked a surprised look and said: "Oh right, I must have forgotten about it." We laughed as she came by and sat next to me.

"So Indiana", I asked, "it's my turn to ask an inappropriate question. Do you have a boyfriend at home who would probably kill me if he learned about the bath I got yesterday?"

"Nope."

"A girlfriend then?"

"Neither."

"Hmm. Interesting."

"Interesting? Why is that?" 

"Let's see; you're gorgeous; have a great smile; are fun to be with; have incredible hair; you manage to turn even these baggy clothes into something sexy and you obviously have a great heart to be volunteering like this." After a pause I added: "What the heck is wrong with the guys in this town?"

She only looked at me with a smile. After a long look, she leaned over and kissed my cheek. "Well, it looks like I'm not the only one that can cheer people up..."

"Glad to be of service however I can" I replied "Now if I wasn't completely tied up, I think I could do even better..."

I saw her reaction in her eyes: the idea that I could reciprocate turned her on. She even looked at my splint, then reminded me that the doctors thought they would be able to remove it soon. It left a silence in the room. For some reason she wanted this just as much as I did. "Well..." she said slowly, conscious of the silence, "It sucks that it's not a bath day..." Standing right next to me, leaning forward so that her hair touched me and that her breasts were stretching the fabric of her top. She grinned, then placed her hand on my shoulder, caressing my skin. Soon enough, I was getting an erection. And since my penis had been resting between my thighs, it slowly pulled upwards, making a nearly grotesque tent because of the angle.Looking at it, Indiana laughed. When she stopped, she closed her eyes for a second and took a deep breath. "I have one simple question for you; do you want my hair on your body, or not?"
