 I'm nervous sitting in the champagne room at the Purely Platinum strip club. I'm about to offer money to a woman for sex. A friend told me that some strippers did that at this club. Though I'm not happy about paying for sex, I haven't been with a woman for too long, and I need it bad. 

State law doesn't allow the sale of alcohol at an all-nude strip club, so I had to bring a flask of whiskey with me. I ordered a coke, drank half of it, and then refilled it with whiskey. A few drinks later I found the stripper I wanted. She was dancing on the stage with two other girls. She had long, black hair. Her skin had a light tan with no tan lines. She was tall, at least six feet tall with the heels on. Her body was incredible. Her C-cup breasts looked real, and were round and perky. Her stomach was flat, her hips round, and her legs were long and tight. 

As the girls left the stage, I motioned for her to come over to my table. She strutted over and sat on my lap. She draped an arm around my shoulder, settled her ass on my crotch, crossed her legs, and stuck her breasts in my face. I asked her for a dance in the champagne room. She said for twenty bucks I could get that dance. I agreed.

Now, I'm sitting here waiting for her to reappear. I have several hundred dollars in my wallet, not sure how much it will cost me, or if she will even agree. The room is dimly lit, and has a large mirror attached to the wall in front of me. I'm sitting in a small comfortable chair with no arms on it.

She finally appears in the room. I hand her the twenty dollars. She places it on a table, and closes the door. She is still completely nude except for the heels. My cock is growing just looking at her. Speakers in the ceiling are playing rhythmic dance club music. She begins moving her body to the music, shaking her hips, her arms above her. She moves towards me, dancing as she walks. She spreads her legs as she approaches me. Her legs each go to either side of me as she moves over me, her stomach at my eye level. 

She stands in front of me, twisting her hips, her breasts shaking above me, her legs straining beside me. I look down at her pussy, seeing her pubic hair is neatly trimmed into a triangle, pointing to her clit below. She continues moving as she sinks down, bending her knees, until her butt is sitting on my lap. She places her hands on my shoulders, looking into my eyes, and begins grinding her crotch into mine, still moving to the beat of the music. She whips her head around, her hair brushing against my face. My cock is sore, smashed between our bodies, rigid and hard. I grind my hips back into her, rubbing my cock against her leg through my pants. She pumps her hips back and forth, simulating fucking me. My hands are resting on her thighs, feeling the muscles contract as she moves.

I ask her how much it would cost to do this for real. She looks at me for a second, and then answers that it will cost one hundred dollars. I am shocked and happy. She is going to do me, this hot stripper is going to fuck me right here. I pull my wallet out of my back pocket, and hand her the money. She smiles, takes it from me, and stands up to drop it beside the rest of the money. 

She walks back towards me, dancing again to the music. I watch her body move and begin rubbing my dick through my pants. She comes towards me, smiling, and sinks to her knees in front of me. She reaches up to my belt, unbuckles it, and then unsnaps the pants. She pulls down the zipper, and grabs my pants and underwear at the waist. I lift my hips up, as she drags my pants down to my thighs. My butt slides along the chair so that I am slouching in the chair. She pushes my knees wider and leans in towards me.

She wraps a hand around my already hard dick, and slides her hand up and down it. Then she leans in more, and covers it with her mouth. She lowers her head far down the shaft, and then closes her lips around it. She lifts her head up, her lips sliding along my cock, her tongue slipping along the tip. She wraps her hands around the bottom of the shaft, and lowers her head again, then begins bobbing her head up and down at a medium pace, moving her mouth along my whole cock. I look down at her head, lowered over my crotch, the hair lying on my thighs, tickling my skin as she moves her head. In the mirror, I see her body kneeling in front of me, her firm ass pushing out, her upper body moving with her head as it moves up and down my cock. 

I rub my hands along her back, as she crouches over me. I slip my hands down along her sides and reach under to cup her breasts. I knead them, massaging the nipples, moving my fingers along the bottom of her breasts, feeling the weight of them in my hands. Her mouth is working faster on my dick, sliding along the head, caressing the sensitive part at the tip with her tongue. I fall back in my chair, arching my back, and squeeze my butt, pushing my cock into her mouth further. 

She lifts her head from my lap and tells me not to get too excited yet. She stands up, walks back to the table, and pulls a condom and a tube of lube out of the drawer. She opens the condom wrapper as she walks back to me. She leans in front of me, places the condom on the tip of my cock and then rolls it down the shaft. I lean forward to her, and she meets me with a kiss, a deep kiss with our tongues touching, her hand sliding up and down my wrapped cock. My hands reach up and cup her breasts. I rub my palms along them, moving along the sides, across the nipples. While we're kissing, she stops rubbing my dick and squeezes some of the lube into her hand. She drops the tube on the floor, and then begins rubbing the lube onto my wrapped cock. She slides her hand up and down it a few times before standing up. She rubs her hand along her pussy, pushing her fingers inside of her cunt, spreading the lube.

Then she turns her back to me. She walks backwards towards me, her legs spread wide to stand over me. She crouches down, one hand in front of her lying on my knee, and the other hand reaching behind her to grab my cock. She bends her ass down to my lap, leading the head of my cock to her pussy. I reach out and grab her waist in my hands, urging her down. She places my dick head at her cunt, and pushes it inside of her. Her hand slides down to the root of my shaft as she bends down, my cock slipping smoothly into her.

She works her hips up and then back down, pushing me into her deeper. I watch my cock sitting firmly inside of her, as she works her cunt around it, her pussy lips spread wide gripping me. She moves her hand from my dick and places it on my other knee. Her body is leaning forward, her arms holding her up on my knees. She pumps her hips up and down as I watch my cock moving inside of her. My hands gripping her waist move with her motion, lifting her as she moves up, and pulling her down to me as she comes down. 

Then, I hold her hips against me and push them forward. She mashes her butt to my pelvis, my cock deep inside of her, and tilts her hips forward. She grinds my cock into her, as she twists her hips on top of me. I can't see my shaft anymore with her butt pushed firmly against me. I lean to the side and look in the mirror. I see her on top of me, her upper body leaning forward, her hands holding my knees, and her hips pumping. Her legs are spread wide around me, the thighs straining as she moves her body around my cock. She's looking back at me in the mirror. Watching me watch her, she licks her lips with her tongue, and then raises a hand up to her mouth. She sucks on the tip of the index finger, her hips now moving faster as she sucks the finger into her mouth. She brings the finger down to her clitoris and begins rubbing it, her eyes still locked on me. My hands are urging her on, rocking her butt back and forth on my pelvis. 

She sits up straight, playing with her clitoris with one hand, the other hand grabbing a breast, squeezing it in her palm. I hold her hips still in my hands, reach under her butt, and push up. She stands up slightly, my cock sliding along her vaginal walls, and then sits down again, twisting her hips to grind my cock inside of her. My hands slide down her legs, my fingers tracing the curve of her inner thigh as she moves up again. I watch her in the mirror, seeing my cock sliding from her pussy, her legs bending up, her one hand still massaging her breast, her other hand twitching at her clitoris, and see her slide back down on to me. Her rhythm becomes faster, matching the thump of the techno music in the room. Her head falls back and her eyes close, as she slides my cock inside of her. I grab her hips, surrendering to her, letting her ride me, and take me inside of her. The music is beating inside of my head, the electronic beat pounding, her butt slapping against my waist. I move my hips slightly with her, clenching and unclenching my buttocks, matching the pace. I can hear her groaning over the music, and each time my cock slams into her a deep grunt escapes her lips. Her lubed cunt slides up and down my cock, gripping it smoothly, rubbing the tip at the top of each thrust, and slipping along the shaft as she moves her hips down to me. I arch my back, trying to push into her deep, my balls tingling, wanting to cum inside of her now.

I reach my hands up to her body and pull her down to me. As she falls back against me my hands wrap around her breasts. I push my hips up into her, fucking her now. My lips lock onto her right shoulder, sucking at the skin. Her head falls back over my left shoulder, her hair tickling my neck. She reaches her right arm around my head and grabs my hair in her hand. I reach my right hand down her body, moving down her stomach, and pull her body close to me while pushing her hips down against my thighs. I rock my pelvis into her, pushing my cock deep inside of her, moving quickly, sliding inside of her, my mouth sucking at her neck, my hand massaging her breast, her hand pulling at my hair, my thighs straining, my hips lifting up off of the chair, smashing into her, holding her body still against me, pushing faster, deeper, both of us moaning, her vaginal walls gripping my cock, pulling against it, sliding along it, faster, moving faster, pushing it in, then blasting inside of her. 

We both let out a loud moan. Her arm pulls my head tightly to her neck. I lift my hips up off of the seat, pushing into her, semen squirting out of my cock, waves of pleasure spreading down my body. Her body is tense, pulled against me. Her cunt walls are vibrating around my cock. I drop my hips back down and move my pelvis in slow circles, feeling my cock squirting a bit more cum with each twist up, pushing each drop out as the head rubs inside of her wet vagina. She's breathing fast. She moans again, and twists her head to look at me. I turn towards her and our mouths lock together. Her tongue twists around my mouth and tongue, while both of her hands grab the back of my head, pulling me to her. My hands slide along her body, down her stomach to her hips and thighs, her skin hot and wet. I stop moving my hips as the last of the semen seeps out of my cock.

She kisses me once more, sits up, and slides my cock out of her as she stands up. She directs me to the bathroom where I can clean up, saying she would clean up as well. I don't see her again as I leave the club. I think about looking for her, but decide against it. I had a great time and think maybe I'll see her again in the champagne room.