 I do photography for a hobby and I belong to a local camera club. Sometimes we'll join up with other clubs and go on a communal excursion to some place of interest, running a competition to see who comes back with the best photos. 

The particular excursion that resulted in this incident happened on a Saturday when we all headed up to a national park. There were going to be several categories in the judging. You know the sort of thing -- best photo of the day, best panoramic view, best bird, best beast, best bit of bark on a bush. More categories than photographers, sometimes.

We all rolled up to the park ranger's office and received our little maps and cautions and bureaucratic threats and then the idea was that we'd all go our own sweet way. Among the things that we were given were details of a couple of tracks that were strictly off limits.

I have one of those minds that are always curious. I want to know why when I'm told something. (Very useful trait for a Systems Analyst.) So when we were told that a couple of tracks were off limits I just naturally lingered after the rest headed out and asked why. (Never push a bureaucrat when you're in a group. They get snotty and just say it's a rule. Nail them afterwards, one on one, and show that you're honestly interested in the background data. They like to be able to justify their decisions.)

In this case, the ranger advised me that one track had suffered some sort of problem and they were revegetating the area, keeping it isolated till the new vegetation had a chance to settle.

The second trail, it turned out, was flat-out dangerous. It was a trail that climbed up the side of a hill and there'd been some severe erosion and rock fracturing towards the top. What was worse was at the top of the trail was a nice rocky ledge where people would stand to take panoramic photos of the park. 

That ledge was severely cracked and was like to come down at any moment, especially if anyone walked on it. Rather than wait for the thing to fall naturally, probably onto the head of some innocent tourist, the park management were planning on forcing the issue in the near future. (A bit of primer cord and away she'd go.)

With that, I headed into the park, idly keeping my eyes open for a decent setting to set up and shoot. Hopefully, one that wasn't already occupied by a camera buff.

An hour or so later I had a couple of superb shots in my camera (along with probably a hundred or so duds) and I was looking for a trail that would take me higher. I cast a wistful look and the closed hill trail and was just in time to see Georgia nipping up it.

Georgia is a very nice young woman and quite a good photographer. (Not in my class of course, but few are.) She was especially good at panorama photos and I knew just where she was going. Up that trail to that treacherous rock at the top, and she was just the sort of girl to take a chance and stand on the extreme edge of the rock to get her photo.

Standing on the very edge of that rock, it seemed to me, would put maximum pressure on the fracture. I muttered something rude to myself and headed up after her.

Across the start of the trail was a chain and a Keep Out, Danger, sign. I stepped over it and headed on up. Reaching the top there was the ledge, a temporary fence put up between it and the trail with, naturally, a Keep Off, Danger sign posted conspicuously. 

I looked at the rock and I could actually see cracks running along it, crossing from one side to the other. None of the cracks were contiguous, but there were plenty of them, and once a couple of the bigger ones joined up that ledge was going down.

And Georgia? She had blithely hopped over the chain and crossed to the very edge of the ledge to take her photos, just as I'd predicted.

"Georgia," I called, keeping my voice down so as not to startle her, "You'd better come off from there. The ledge is dangerous."

She glanced over her shoulder at me and just laughed.

"Don't be silly," she said. "This ledge as been here since forever. I always take shots from it."

"And has it always had a fence and warning signs?" I asked. "The rock is fractured and likely to fall soon. The rangers are actually planning on forcing the break next week."

The blasted woman just dismissed my warnings and I'm sure you can understand my reluctance to walk out onto the rock and force her to come back. My hopping out there might be the last straw and away we go. No thanks.

So the situation is I'm standing there sweating and thinking nasty thoughts and Georgia is happily taking her photos, moving back and forth along the very edge of the ledge.

Then there was a very nasty grating sound and I could actually see one of those cracks heading further across the rock and connecting with a couple of others. The whole shelf seemed to tremble slightly and Georgia went dead still, turning around to look at the ledge behind her.

It seemed she had finally got the message, and she turned to get off the ledge. Unfortunately, as soon as she took a step there was another rasping sound and the rock shook again. Georgia just froze in position, not daring to move.

She looked at me, her eyes pleading for me to do something. I've never considered myself to be a particularly brave man and what I did was more desperation than courage. 

I stepped over the fence, took one large step towards Georgia, reached over and picked her. I turned and literally tossed her back over the fence, jumping back myself fast, real fast, nearly having a heart attack as I felt that damned ledge quiver and sink under me. 

There were a couple of more cracking sounds and the whole ledge just tilted and that was it. The stupid thing didn't fall. It was on a bit of an angle but it seemed to have settled quite comfortably into a new position and was calling it a day.

Mind you, if Georgia had stayed on it there was a good chance that the tilt would have flipped her over the side or the whole thing might have gone down. I was seething. Didn't the woman have any sense at all?

I turned towards her and she was all bubbly and smiling. A great adventure and no harm done. Then she saw my face and came down to earth.

One nice thing about the park service, they provide seating at certain scenic points so foot weary hikers can take a break. There was such a seat near the ledge, giving a nice view as you took your ease.

"You're an idiot," I told Georgia, while I sat down and dragged her towards me and over my knee.

I flicked her skirt up and her panties down and my hand came down on her bottom.

"You have the survival instinct of a lemming," I told her, "and you nearly emulated one. You ignored the rangers direction that this path was closed. You ignored the keep out sign down below. You ignored the keep off sign."

I was punctuating all these little statements with a firm spank on her bottom. Georgia and kicked and squealed at the first couple of spanks but now she was just wailing and telling me to stop. I continued with my little lecture.

"You ignored me when I told you the rock was dangerous. I explicitly pointed out that it was badly cracked and due to come down, but you ignored that, too. As a result you damned near took a ride for a mile, straight down on a rocky sled."

(OK. It was a drop of about fifty feet, but standing on that rock and feeling it cracking under you it damned well seemed like a mile.)

"On top off that you panicked and just froze there, meaning I had to go and fetch you or wave bye-bye as you sailed off into the sunset. And to top it off you then clap and say, wow, wasn't that fun. I hope you're enjoying the experience now."

With that I wound up the spanking and dumped Georgia onto her bottom.

She just sat on the grass looking at me. She was leaning back, propped up by her arms, legs splayed in front of her, knees bent up. Her skirt had slid down her legs and bunched around her upper thighs and she was completely exposed as her panties were dangling around one ankle.

Her face was a study. She couldn't believe that I had just spanked her. On top of that she was still shocked by her close call and she was excited by my display of male fury and dominance. Her whole pose was a blatant offer of willing submission.

I was still seriously pissed off. I stood up and started undoing my trousers. Georgia's eyes seem to grow even wider and her attention dropped from my face to regions further south.

Without saying a word I knelt between her thighs, leaning toward her. She slumped back onto her back, just leaving her head propped up enough to watch was happening. I pushed forward and entered her and she was ready, letting me descend fully into her with no resistance. She did let out a long groaning sound as I took her, but that was it.

Now that I was in her I held steady and pushed her top up off her breasts. I didn't bother undoing her bra, just pushing it roughly over her breasts, freeing them for my use.

My hands closed around her breasts while I pulled back and drove back into her.

Georgia's head slumped to the ground and her whole body seemed to surge up against me. Her pussy was grinding furiously against me as I took her, while her breasts were eagerly offered.

We were both over-excited and we came together like a pair of wild animals. I pounded against her savagely, and Georgia's legs wrapped around me and responded just as savagely, matching everything I tossed at her.

We were both too wrapped up in our own immediate needs to worry about our partners. We were both determined to climax in the shortest time possible and didn't care what our partner thought. (I had the advantage there. If she came first I could just keep going until satisfied. If I came first, bad luck, sweetheart.)

It was by chance that we both climaxed about the same time, but it was a glorious chance. We both clung to each other at the end, our bodies throbbing in unison.

As we came down off the closed trail there was an irritated ranger there.

"That trail is closed," he pointed out very firmly. "Can't you people read?"

"Ah, I'm sorry, but actually no, Georgia can't read. She suffers very bad dyslexia and has a lot of trouble reading even the simplest signs. I saw her heading up there and hurried up to fetch her back. I've now explained that this trail is off limits. Potential rock falls, I believe."

The ranger nodded, soothed by the admission of guilt and feeling a bit of pity for the poor dyslectic young woman.

"Hm. Ok. But you'd better keep an eye on your friend. These trails are closed for a reason, you know." 

"Dyslectic?" Georgia muttered as we went on our way.

"Sounds better than saying you suffer from terminal idiocy," I said softly in reply, and spent the next five minute trying to get my breath back. She packs a mean punch.