 Walking into the club I felt a little uncomfortable, I was always told women did not go into clubs alone unless they were "loose". 

I paid the cover charge and made my way to the bar. "One Colorado Bulldog please." 

I accidentally brushed against the man standing behind me as I took my drink and turned to find a table. 

"Oh! Sorry. I was just..........." Looking at you I felt that I knew you from somewhere. I am sure a look a puzzlement passed over my face.

You laughed. "That's o.k." 

I walked to a table in the back of the room near the restrooms. I sat my drink down and sat in the chair with my back to the wall. I wasn't sure what made me come here. I never go out alone. I listened to the band play, and watched the people laughing and having a good time. Sitting alone, I felt kind of foolish. I decided to go into the restroom to freshen up a bit.

I walked down the hallway and into the restroom. I washed my hands and reached for the paper-towels when the lights went out. I was searching in vain for the light switch when the door opened. "Great!" "Pardon me, but could you turn the light on?"

The door closed quickly and I heard a click as the door locked. 

"Hello?" 

I'm sure whomever it was could hear the uncertainty in my voice. All of a sudden I felt a hand cover my mouth, and another hand pinned my wrist together. Terror sent electric impulses through my body and I froze in place. 

"Hello Cara." 

Again, I was confused. I didn't know anyone here. 

"Don't scream, my love it is me." 

You removed your hand from my mouth. I relaxed a bit. I felt your hand slip into my dress cupping my breast. I tensed again ready to scream. 

"Shhhhhh, have you been to the supermarket lately?" 

"Ralph?" 

""Yes?" 

Relief flooded my body.

Your hands were caressing my nipples making them harder and harder. I wanted to turn towards you but you wouldn't let me. You reached down and pulled my dress up over my thighs. You traced the lace at the top of my thigh highs, caressing my skin traveling up. I felt your fingers grazing my most sensitive area,then you began rubbing your hard cock against me. 

"Please Ralph, we'll get caught."

With little effort you pushed me to my knees. I knew what you wanted, what I wanted. I unzipped your pants and took out your hard cock. Teasing the tip with my tongue, and grasping the shaft with my hand. I pulled the length of you into my mouth. Slowly swallowing your shaft until your hair tickled my nose. You let me continue for about 5 minutes and pulled me to my feet. Leading me to the sink you bend me over and spread my legs apart with your knee. I felt the head of your hard cock part my lips and with one quick thrust you were in me. 

"OH Yes!" "Fuck me hard."

You thrust harder and harder. "OH God Baby!" 

I came over and over again as your length filled me. My head was spinning and I could feel my muscles contracting against you with your every thrust.

"Cara!" 

I vaguely heard you call my name and felt your cock swell as your poured your cum into me.

You kissed the back of my neck and shoulders. I moaned with disappointment as you pulled out of me.

"Cara! Someone is knocking."

The reality of the situation startled me and I jerked my dress down and stood up straight. I felt your cum leaking out of me. You ran to a stall. I fumbled my way to the door. Opening it, I must have looked a mess. The bartender stood there. 

"Miss, I'm sorry someone must have flipped the breaker. "

"It's o.k." I stammered. 

"Are you o.k. miss?" 

"Yes, just a little shaky."

I heard you laugh quietly.

The bartender said he would have a free drink waiting for me at the bar and left.

You told me to close my eyes & came out of the stall and kissed me.

"See you soon."

I opened my eyes when I heard the door open and close, and looked in the mirror. My hair and makeup were a mess. I took the brush out of my purse and pulled it through my auburn locks, touched up my lipstick and wetted some paper towels to clean my self up, wondering the whole time why you didn't let me see you. 

Wondering would I get to see you soon...............