 Sex with a stranger. What a great fantasy but would it be as good in reality?

Stranded in town after too much to drink I decided it would be sensible of me to book into a hotel for the night. Driving was not an option anymore. I had been to see a show of erotic dancing at a Club in central town. It had been amazing but more of that later.

I had already rung the hotel from the Club so they were expecting me. After checking in I went straight to my room. It was late and I was very tired after a long day, too much champagne and the amazing performances by the dancers on stage. What they could do with their legs and bodies just blew your mind.

The hotel had only a double room available so I would have a large bed all to myself. What a waste but at least I would have plenty of room to toss and turn in as I dreamed of pleasures not to be.

Stripping off my clothes I headed for the bathroom, standing under the running water of the shower, I went over the acts in my mind. There had been one girl in particular that had caught my eye. She had been wearing a leather suit that although completely concealing her body, outlined her contours extremely well. Her legs were long and wrapped themselves around the pole with amazing dexterity. Just what could she do with those legs in bed I mused.

Being alone and in need of some relief I took myself in hand. As I stroked my shaft I imagined the girl was there with me. My hand wrapped in her long brown hair as she sucked me to climax! I wished! My hand began moving faster and my orgasm was intense. I let out a groan. The events of the evening had quite clearly frustrated me.

Towelling myself dry I headed for the bed and slipped between the cool sheets. It was not long before I realised that I would not be able to sleep. The effects of the champagne had worn off and I was wide-awake and very horny still.

Getting dressed again I went downstairs to the hotel bar and ordered myself a gin and tonic. It was late but there was one other occupant at the bar. A woman was sitting on one of the stools sipping a glass of red wine. She looked about my age, in her late 30s, with long blonde hair and a pleasant enough face. She must have felt me looking at her for she looked up and smiled.

"Good evening," I said. "You couldn't sleep either?"

"No, I couldn't," she replied. "I had a long drive to get here and I cannot sleep yet."

"Do you mind if I join you?" I asked as I moved over to sit on the stool next to her.

"No, not at all. Perhaps we can talk each other to sleep," she responded with a smile and a glint in her eye.

She told me that she was a University Professor and was here for a conference that was on at the University. I explained my need to stay in town that night! Well some of it anyway. I left out the type of Club I had been to. Her face had a knowing smile as if she knew!

Dressed in a white blouse, the buttons undone to reveal some cleavage, and a knee length khaki skirt, set off by calf length black boots, she certainly did not look like a musty old professor and I found myself thinking that the young men she lectured to must really enjoy her lectures!

After one more drink we headed up to our separate rooms. I said goodnight at her door and we shook hands. Hers lingered a while in mine and then she turned to enter her room. I walked down a couple of doors to my room and turned the key.

Wearily I pulled my shirt over my head, another wasted opportunity. The woman had been hot! My mind wandered back to Club and the dancers when there was a knock on the door.

Standing outside was the woman holding a bottle of brandy.

"Do you fancy another nightcap?" she asked. "I cannot sleep yet."

"Sure, why not?" I replied. "Please come in."

She put down the bottle on the table, turned and walked back to me with a smile on her face. Wrapping her arms around my neck she pressed her body into mine. Her skin smelt of sandalwood and her hair was soft. Her nipples pressed into my chest and I could feel my breath quickening as she kissed me deeply, her tongue probing mine.

My body was naked and she kissed her way slowly down to my stomach, undoing the button and zip on my trousers as she went. Her lips and breath were warm and my skin tingled from her touch. My trousers and boxers fell to the floor and I was completed nude.

I was being seduced!

But I was not going to complain. Teasing me with her lips and fingers she soon had me fully erect and firm. She then stood, turned and raised her skirt. Bending over the armchair that was next to the bed, she said, "Fuck me, please."

I needed no further encouragement and the sight of her naked butt was enough invitation. This woman wore neither bra nor panties! We moved well together and she felt warm and tight. Gripping me firmly inside her. My hands moved round to stimulate her clit.

"Oh my god, yes!" she screamed. "Fuck me harder." She was very wet indeed. Her bottom pushed against me, my fingers pressed hard on her clit and I sunk deep inside her. I started to climax and my shuddering did the trick for her too. Together we let out a sigh as our orgasms spread through us.

"Now I will sleep," she murmured. "Thank you, that was lovely."

"My pleasure," I replied. "Any time."

With that, she pulled down her skirt, kissed me full on the lips and left!

Well I would certainly sleep now! I just crawled under the sheets and slept like a baby. No more dreaming for me, they had become reality!

When I awoke in the morning I thought I must have been dreaming though until I saw the brandy bottle on the table. I did not see her at breakfast and when I enquired at reception they said that she had already left for the Conference.

We had not even exchanged names!

Sex with a stranger? Yes, every bit as good as the fantasy. 

A not so brief, chance encounter.