 We met at a mutual friends' party. We laughed, joked, flirted all night trying to find ways to touch one another; his touch sending jolts down my body. We stood too close on the balcony enclosed in semi-darkness; I was keeping him company while he smoked a cigarette. He put it out, I shivered, and he pulled me close...under the stars with the raging party as a soundtrack, we kissed. I don't think I have ever gotten so wet in my life from just a kiss. Well, it wasn't just a kiss. It was the best kiss I have ever experienced. It was hot and wet, it teased and caressed and fulfilled, it started out soft and then worked toward a climax that left us breathing heavily. I went to bed alone that night. I went to go to the bathroom, he went to get a drink, there was some girl sick and crying and our friends swept us off in opposite directions. We didn't even exchange phone numbers. We never got the chance to consummate our relationship, but I could still taste him while lying there. I wanted him so badly that I ached. Just the heat from his body was oh-so-good. It has been awhile since then, but my mouth still waters thinking of that kiss. I don't know if I just imagined how good it was. Maybe it hadn't been that great? I didn't want it to be my imagination. It didn't matter, though. A freak meeting, that's all it was. The only purpose of that was to be a constant reminder of what I was missing out on, of what I didn't have in my life-passion.

Don't get me wrong, my life was full of good things. I had great friends and plenty of things to do. This evening I met my best friend for a cup of coffee at this cute café that had just opened downtown. I had heard that their cakes were amazing. We walked in, we ordered a slice of luxurious-looking chocolate fudge cake, and it was orgasmic. We were checking out the scenery and she noticed someone she knew. An old friend of Steph's spotted her and walked over. They started to talk about this and that, catching up. My mind wandered, and with it, my eyes wandered too. They came to rest upon this man, he had his back to us, but he caught my eye. He was tall with slightly shaggy dark hair. He had broad shoulders underneath a dark red sweater that looked like it would be so soft to the touch. He turned slightly as he reached one hand up and ran it through his hair. He almost looked familiar. My cell phone rang, bringing me back from my reverie. 

"Hello? I can't hear you....wait...what? No. Wait! Hold on."

I excused myself from the table and walked away from the chitter-chatter to a little hallway by the restrooms. Did it help? No. I got completely disconnected. I cursed the existence of cell phones, shaking the thing and punching buttons. A hand clamped over my mouth. I was gently pushed against the wall. My heart started pounding wildly...I couldn't move. The man had his other arm pinning me. I felt lips close to my ear.

"I saw you come in. When I saw you walk away alone...," the lips whispered. 

My heart was still racing but it had now changed its tone. I knew that voice. I could see the cuff of a red sweater and I knew that if he kissed me it would be the best kiss I had ever experienced. Those lips traveled down, down, down and kissed my neck slowly and softly. A hot tongue traveled up the side of my neck ending its journey by softly biting my ear. I groaned against the hand. He took his hand off my mouth and spun me around, my back against the wall, his body almost touching mine. I looked up at those beautiful blue eyes that I had seen too long ago. He looked me in the eyes and tilted my chin up towards his mouth. Our tongues circled around one another's and I sucked his lower lip into my mouth biting it softly. Now it was his turn to moan. His hands ran down my body lingering on my breasts and then up again tangling his fingers in my hair. I explored his body with my hands, touching sensitive areas, teasing under the shirt, grabbing and tugging and pulling until his body was crushed against mine. He tried to pull away; I pulled his face towards me again. We kissed for forever in those five minutes. We parted, our faces inches from each other. He started teasing my nipples with his fingers over my shirt. I trailed my fingers around the bulge that was forming in his pants. He bent down as if to kiss me but pulled away at the last second. 

"Not here," he said, his breath heavy and frustrated. "We can't do this here, baby. We'll get together later?" A smile, a smirk, hinted at as the corner of his mouth perked up. 

The world came back into focus, noise, laughter, conversations all crashed into my eardrums resonating loudly. "Later?" I pouted. Once reality checked back in, I secretly agreed that this was not the place at all, but I craved his strong arms boxing me in and his body crushing mine. He kissed the lip I had stuck out. I licked my lips savoring his taste. We exchanged phone numbers and parted. Slowly. Bit by bit, his warmth left me and my temperature dropped. I shivered. I walked back to my table carefully, feeling uncomfortable in my underwear. Steph and that guy were just wrapping up their conversation. God, had I been gone that short of a time?

Steph and I chattered away about everything, nothing, and all the topics in between. I tried not to look guilty as she shot me sidelong, suspicious glances. We wandered out past the doors, into the parking lot, got in our cars, and drove home. I got home in one piece even though hot lips and hot bodies in different scenarios, positions, times occupied my thoughts. I put on some lingerie, something short and sexy. I looked at myself in the mirror running my hands down the smooth, cold satin. I bit my lower lip, closed my eyes, and my phone rang. 

"Hello?"

"I couldn't wait."

"Do you need directions?"

And it was that easy. Easier. The conversation flowed as if rehearsed. The moment came together, solidifying, on instinct. My heart began to drum in anticipation. The knock was loud, echoing throughout the apartment and I flew to the door, opened it inch by inch. He didn't touch me. He looked, taking in my petite frame-the body I worked out for, eyeing my erect nipples as cold air swirled into my apartment. He shut the door, reached out a hand to sample the fabric. His fingers lingered longer than necessary, caressing me over the fabric. He lowered his mouth to mine slowly, kissing me softly. I longed for more, my body raging, my heart pumping. We stood for too long just kissing, his hands lightly traveling up and down the satin. My hands were tangled in his hair, pulling him down for more. He came to the end of the satin and touched my thigh causing my whole body to tremble. 

His hand stroked the outside of my thigh, up the side of my stomach, reaching my breasts, massaging, groping, caressing. He kissed and sucked on my neck making me moan and clutch his sweater. My hands traveled down slowly and I started to rub him over his jeans. He grabbed me and pulled me in tight. His mouth and hand moved down, his mouth to my nipple and his hand traveling between my thighs. He groaned upon finding how wet I was. I started kissing his neck and nibbling on his earlobe. I tugged at his sweater, trying to lift it up, he helped me. I unbuckled his jeans, he protested grabbing my hands, I unzipped them with my teeth, and he let go. I found his cock, hard and dripping. It was beautiful. It looked so good and I couldn't resist. I licked off the precum and worked my tongue up and down the shaft. He groaned under his breath. I took him into my mouth slowly, the tip, the head, inch by inch, pausing to swirl my tongue around his head savoring his taste. I started slowly pumping him in and out of my mouth. His cock was red and throbbing, his hands resting on the top of my head. He stopped me. I groaned in protest, he tasted so damn good. 

He finished undressing. He grabbed me, picked me up, laid me on the couch. I could feel his head pushing against my pussy. He kissed me intensely, biting and sucking with me grinding against him. He pulled away and slowly started to lift my top, kissing every inch along the way. It was agonizingly slow, making me writhe in anticipation. He finally couldn't go any further and slipped the top over my head. As he ran his tongue down the inside of my wrist, I grabbed his hand and tried to get on top of him. I wanted, no, needed him inside me. He wouldn't let me! He got up slightly and moved the head of his cock to my opening. He barely put it in me, teasing me. I grabbed and pushed trying to get him all the way inside. Fine. Two could play that game. I reached down and started massaging his penis lightly with my fingers squeezing with just a little pressure when I got to the head. After a bit of that he wasn't quite so immovable. I started moving against his penis teasing my clit with his cock. I was so close to cumming. 

He finally couldn't take it anymore and grabbed my hands, moving them away and then... and then he slipped inside me. He felt so good stretching and filling me. He went as far in as he could go and then slowly took it back out. Inch by inch. He felt so hot. I wrapped my legs around his back, encouraging him to move in and out. He did it again. Entering me and slowly going deeper and deeper inside of me. I moved my hips to meet him so that he was in so far that I could feel his balls against my skin. He started pumping in and out of me. I wanted him so badly. I grasped his ass, encouraging his movements. I felt it building. I got even wetter, dripping down onto the couch, he groaned. He could tell I was close to cumming. He fucked me a little faster and then a little faster then that, incrementally gaining speed and intensity until he was fucking me hard and I was moving my hips up to meet him every time. And then I stopped and my pussy clenched around his cock. I came wildly, groaning, for so long. He continued to pump in and out as I was cumming, rubbing against my g-spot. 

I settled down and started to grind against him. His breath was shallow and he was grasping my body. I threw him off me. He looked at me in confusion. I straddled him, positioning his cock with my hands. Now it was his turn to suffer. I placed the head of his cock right outside my opening and ever-so-slowly let him into my pussy. He got the head in, and then I moved up again, letting it practically slip out. He groaned and grabbed my ass, protesting. I did it again, letting a little more of him inside me this time. I was teasing myself as much as him because I wanted him all the way inside me. I wanted to move up and down on him with wild abandon, grabbing his hair and biting his shoulder. This time I let him in a little more than halfway, and then out again. It felt good, having the ridge around his tip rubbing against the walls of my vagina. He was groaning in protest every time I let him slip out. He reached down and started to massage my clit. Oh god, I couldn't take that. I started to slam down onto him, riding him and grabbing his hair. I felt the orgasm building. I pulled his body up against mine, he couldn't play with my clit anymore, but I didn't need it. He moved his hands to my ass, moving me up down on him. I moaned and dug my nails into his back as I started to cum. His cock was going crazy inside me. I started moving more wildly against him. I reached a hand down to massage his balls; they were so tight. I felt him explode inside me, and feeling his cum filling me up sent ripples through my pussy.

We held each other close for awhile, catching our breath, recovering. We kissed, cuddled, and talked. We eventually made our way to the bedroom and fell asleep curled against one another.