 "Coming over tonight?", Pauline's voice asked when I answered my cell after I had landed from my recent business trip.

"Yeah, I think I will," I answered as I threw my carry-on bag into the back of my car, parked, as usual, a million miles from the exit of the long-term parking lot at the airport.

"Wife's working tonight?" Pauline asked/stated.

"Closing," I replied as I wended my way to the exit of the parking lot.

"Lily's spending the night with her friend," Pauline interjected, "so we'll be able to behave as adults," chuckling a bit after she said it.

Interesting, I thought quickly, before replying, "Well, that'll be fun."

"I hope so; see ya' later," Pauline responded, then, disconnecting the call.

Interesting, I thought again...

Pauline and Barb (my wife) worked at the same steak house as servers. The restaurant had a western theme, including live music at night, a large dance floor in the middle of the downstairs dining area and an upstairs dining area with it's own bar that they opened on the weekends. I had started working the upstairs bar on weekends, more to relieve boredom than for the money; but, don't get me wrong, I enjoyed bartending, having done it in college. But, the long and short of it is that is where I (we) first met Pauline.

Pauline and I had hit it off quickly. She had the same sardonic, irreverant sense of humor as I did, nothing too sacred for a barbed comment. She was primarily an artist who supplemented her income by waitressing and as a substitute teacher for one of the school districts in the city. She was divorced and had a daughter from her only marriage. She really never talked about her ex, good or bad, almost as if he was a means to an end, the end being, her daughter. I don't know this for a fact but that was my impression, anyway.

Over the months that we worked together, we both found comfortability with each other, becoming close friends fast. Not unusual for me in that I had more female friends than males, always did for whatever reasons. After a while, she came to know of Barb and I's periodic dalliances with the Swinger's Lifestyle, never being judgemental or critical of that facet of our lives. She had heard both Barb and I talk rather openly with her about a recent encounter that we might have had, either as a couple, or on our own. Pauline and Barb went out for after-work drinks sometimes, so she got to hear of Barb's solo fucks or sucks, whatever the case might have been. In short, Pauline was a close to a true Bohemian as I have ever known. Did her thing, let others do theirs, and never judgemental about either.

Over the months as our friendship grew, I would sometimes stop by as I made my sales calls when I was working in town, if she was home, for a quick shared toke with her, or to take her to lunch. As I've said, we became close friends.

This particular evening, Pauline and I had already planned to get together at her place though, at the time, she didn't know if Lily was going to be home or not. Now, keep in mind, that Pauline and I's relationship was not sexual, but I would have jumped her bones in a New York minute; she was 5'6'ish, toned and fit, nice ass and spectacular breasts, firm, large (C-cup), well shaped. I knew this only because she had asked me to take some nude shots of her that she would use later, to paint a series, using her body as a model. Never thought twice about it, me or her, never thought twice about me seeing her naked.

Like I said, a real Bohemian.

"Well, don't you look grand," I said when she opened her door to my knock, revealing as she did so, her attire of a flowing frock, the material light and 'airish', and showing off her boobs with a deep cleavage, hugging her ass in a good way.

"Well, thank you kind sir," she smilingly replied, complete with a curtsy worthy of the days of Knights and Ladies and Dragons.

"Want to share some wine with me?" she asked as she tossed her stash box to me, clearly indicating that my job was to start rolling some weed. She liked doobies but couldn't roll worth a shit. I could.

"Yeah, whatever you're having is fine with me," I replied as I made myself comfortable on her couch, her house almost as familiar to me as my own. I noticed, for the first time, that she had the small fireplace lit (it was the middle of Winter), some candles flickering from different spots in the small living room and Blues playing soft and low on her stereo. Our mutual love of real Blues music was a major factor in our bonding when we first discovered it about each other.

"Make that first joint a really fat bastard, will ya'?" She called from the kitchen as she poured our wine.

"Oh, I promise you, it'll be all of that; I've had a bitch of a week on the road and I plan on getting really fucked up," I warned her in reply.

"Great! Me too; let's get seriously fucked, tonight," her double-entendre reply, not lost on me.

Hmmph! I thought as my fingers did their magic with the herb and paper, should I read any more in that reply? Or was that a manifestation of my subconscious desire to fuck Pauline? 

Truthfully? I never really pursued a plan to get Pauline into bed. I've never had problems in getting pussy, especially with our swinging and all; no, I just really didn't want to risk our friendship over a thing like pussy.

"To a really cool dude that's become a dear friend is a short time," Pauline toasted as she clinked her glass against mine, when she sat down next to me, on her sofa.

"Back'atcha, sweetcheeks," I replied, meaning every word of it, and handing her the freshly rolled joint, afterwards.

She fired up the doobie, taking a slow, deep hit, her eyes closed, her intake of breath almost loud in the room.

"Oh,man...Wow!," she exclaimed, handing the joint to me for my turn, "Gloria said this shit was smooth, but damn..." Gloria was an artist friend, and Pauline's source for weed.

It was all of that.

We took our time with the doobie, finishing our third (and starting on our fourth) glass of excellent Merlot, catching each other up with our week, and on events since we had last talked or seen each other.

"Barb tell you about her coffe-shop fling?" Pauline asked, smiling as she did so.

"The dude that she wound going home with and giving a blow-job?" I replied, obvious, now, that I did know about it.

"She really likes to give blow-jobs, doesn't she?" Pauline commented, her manner of delivery of the statement made it more like that; a statement, not a question.

"Always has," I replied, letting myself collapse into the soft folds of her couch, the weed and wine deciding to show me, now, who was in charge of me, "And I have to admit, she's pretty damned good at it," I added.

Well, she was!

"Did you know that she asked me to do you two?" Pauline said, her own body falling into the sofa alongside of me.

"No shit? No, now that, I didn't know," pausing a second or two, before adding, "That'd been cool with me," I replied with, no doubt, a stupid, stoned smile on my face.

"I said thanks, but that's not really my thing; I'm not really into mulitple-partner sex," Pauline continued, "I mean, I've had it; been there and done that," she added, but, did not embellish upon with details, "I prefer my sex to be more one on one,ya' know?," she concluded.

We sat silently for a bit, neither feeling the need, or obligation, to talk. We were both in the same space of ozone from our wine/weed cocktails, and were both enjoying the buzz, enjoying the freeing of our souls by the herb's magic.

Grabbing my hand, first one, then the other as she stood from the couch, she pulled me to my feet and into her arms, she, taking a dancing posture.

"Dance with me, I love this song," Pauline said softly as she settled into my arms, the soft sounds of Etta James on the stereo.

We had never danced before, Pauline and I. I mean, I've seen her naked, so no surprises there. We've kissed before, pecks of affection; we've touched and 'sort of' fondled with each other one afternoon as we got stoned; But, it didn't go beyond that.

But, I thought, this was a different vibe I was getting from her, tonight. Wasn't quite sure what it was yet other than it was...different. Fuck it, I enjoyed the song along with her, liking how our bodies 'fitted' as we moved slowly around her small space between the couch and fireplace. I was becoming very conscious of her nipples hardening against my lower chest area of my torso, my own cock responding by beginning to stir in my slacks.

"This feels nice," Pauline said, softly, squeezing a bit closer to my body when she said it.

"Yeah, it does," I replied, my cock growing quickly, now.

"Woke somebody up," Pauline commented as my erection was solidly against her body now.

"It does appear so," I said, then, stopping the dance as the song ended, neither of us releasing our hold to each other.

"Feels kinda' nice," She said, her hand moving from my back to the front of my slacks, her hand softly gripping my erection, "glad I can inspire such thoughts in you," her hand now slowly stroking my erection through my slacks. Stopping, she pulled away from me, leading me by the hand back to the couch.

Sitting on my lap after I sat down first, she leaned into me and I reached for her lips with my own, our mouths opening, our tongues attacking at the same time, our pent-up desire for each other releasing in our moans and murmurs of contentment.

Reaching with her hand, she found my cock again, her hand gripping and stroking with urgency it seemed. Her moans increased as she stroked me faster, my own hands having found her breasts, my fingers and palms caressing with desire.

Breaking from our kiss, she looked into my eyes, her horniness clearly showing; she moved from my lap to quickly kneel on the floor before me, between my legs spreading to make room for her. Her hands were quickly undoing my belt and zipper pulling my slacks down as she did so.

Freeing my dick with one hand, she bowed her head, her mouth opening to take me deep into her throat. Moving her head up and down, her mouth slid up and down my pulsating shaft, her tongue flicking around as she sucked.

"I like sucking dicks, too," Pauline said when she popped her mouth from my cock, her eyes and face smiling.

"You taste good," She said as she flicked her tongue across the precum on my cockhead, "I like the way you feel in my mouth," raising her head to kiss me as she continued to stroke my shaft, spreading my pre-cum juices up and down my shaft, especially on it's head.

We kissed passionately, our tongues dueling, the taste of my cock on her breath which just fueled my desire to kiss her.

Breaking the kiss again, she stood and quickly removed her dress, revealing that she also didn't bother with underwear that night. Laying on her stomach, her face into the couch's arm, she moved her legs apart, in invitation.

I was stripped of my clothes by this time and laying behind her, I conformed my body to hers, my cock finding her wet slit as if by radar. As I slipped myself slowly into her burning pussy, I leaned in to kiss the back of her neck, my hand having found and latched onto, her marvelous breasts with their hard, thick nipples.

Slowly, we fucked, taking our time, enjoying the feeling and the emotions of having sex with each other; just us, just the two of us. Inevitably, the need to climax took over the both of us, our tempo and passion increasing as we started fucking faster and faster.

"Oooh, oooh, ooooh, now, I'm coming now," her voice screamed, her voice muffled by the soft back of the couch against her face.

"Aaahhh, Damn!," I grunted as my orgasm joined hers, my body in spasms of pleasure as I released my cum into her.

As we struggled to catch our breaths, we both snuggled against the other, our bodies almost melded as one. My cock slowly lost it's hardness, but her pussy's muscles were able to keep it inside of her, as we unwound from that fabulous fuck.

"What brought that on?, he didn't ask," She said as she snuggled closer against me, her arm flung over so that her hand could pull me tighter, against her body.

"Yeah, what you said," I replied, my mouth and lips kissing the back of her neck, of her shoulders, the beginnings of rebirth making itself known in my cock.

"I'm kinda' like Spock," She said, referring to Dr. Spock of the Star Trek series of 60s T.V., "Every once in a long while I feel the 'need' to satisfy my carnal lusts and desires; not often, buuutt, every once in a great while," her bottom now moving against me as she felt my cock reawaken, within her.

"And, I drew the lucky straw?" I questioned as I slowly began to move my thickening dick in and out of her, now, relaxed, pussy.

"You've been my first choice since we've met, and I almost took up your wife's offer of a threesome, just so that I could fuck you," She replied, her movements now mimicking my own, in time with my thrusts.

"Don't cum in me," She said, her breathing heavy and labored as our fucking increased in fury and passion, "Let me cum first, then I want to suck you, I want to suck your climax," she added, just before she screamed her muffled cry of release into the back of the sofa, again.

Pulling from her, she moved around to face me, and kissed me for a long time, her tongue searching my mouth, and her hand stroking my throbbing cock.

Smiling at me, she moved down until her head and mouth lowered to suck my cock slowly and deeply into her warm throat.

I didn't disappoint her when I came...

EPILOGUE:

Pauline and I continued our FWB relationship for a few years longer, until I was transferred out of state for my job. She moved to the west coast shortly thereafter. As good as the sex was with her, I miss the daily friendship, even more...