 The hotel room door was not yet completely closed when she threw herself against him, resulting in a double thud of his back against the wall and the door finally slamming shut. Her mouth united with his and their bodies came together in a desperate collision. Instantly, his hands were all over the outside of her pants, clasping at the ass he saw for the first time just a few short hours ago on the street. She forced a hand between them and clutched at his crotch, easily finding the erection she knew was there.

The only sounds were lustful moans. No words were spoken. None were needed, yet. Too much exploring needed to be done before anything had to be said. They were adults. Despite being strangers, they knew what was coming next and would work out the finer details later.

The kiss she initiated continued unabated while he ran both hands up the front of the chest he'd been admiring all evening. Her top conformed to the shape of his probing fingers and he felt a soft bra underneath. Her breasts were tantalizingly small and firm. He wanted to see them; to taste them.

She felt his cock harden. Her fingers were able to wrap around it, using both his pants and underwear as buffers. She pulled on it and could make out the thick head at the end. Her nipples ached from his touch and from her ever-building desire.

He was the first to act, yanking up on her top and easily pulling it off the outstretched arms she provided him. He watched her shake her hair back into place and then let his eyes fall to her breasts. They were magnificently shaped and almost teen-like in their petite roundedness. She was grappling with his belt. His zipper was being pulled down before he could unhook her bra. His pants hit the floor at the same time her bra came off in his hands.

The floor was littered with discarded clothing as his mouth made its way to her tits and her hand reached inside his underwear. She stroked his erection and cried out with joy as he bit and sucked her breasts. Her free hand pushed away his shorts, giving her full access to his cock. She only had to wait for him to stop for an instant, but he seemed permanently attached to her tits.

Then he halted to take a breath and she saw her opening. She kneeled down, tugged on his shorts until they were around his ankles, and put her lips on his throbbing cock. A brief kiss was followed by a more prolonged licking of the underside. And then he watched as the entire penis disappeared between her lips.

He groaned as she began to bob her head up and down on his shaft, tightening the grip with her lips and tongue. Her mouth was better than any vagina—wetter, warmer, and tighter. He put his hands on the top of her head and leaned back against the wall in total delight for a couple minutes. When he looked down again, he watched her tits sway in rhythm with her head. He could feel his cock prepare to erupt.

Suddenly, she was standing back up. Her lips were wet and bright pink. She said, "Now fuck me."

If she intended for them to go to a bed, he didn't know it. But she did not protest when he practically ripped off her pants and panties right there in the entranceway. He turned her nude body around so she was facing the wall. With a little more force than he intended, he pushed her against it and said, "Spread your legs."

She obeyed. He grabbed her by the hips and pulled her ass towards him. She had her palms flat against the wall and her legs spread out like a tripod, awaiting his much needed entry into her pussy.

There was no delay. His cock found the mark and she felt the head begin to spread open the lips of her pussy. He leaned into her and with one, swift thrust, plunged his cock deep inside her.

"Oh my God!" she whimpered. "Yes!"

By the third thrust, she was flat against the wall except for enough bending of her waist to allow him to continue to fuck her. He forced his hands onto her tits, pulling her closer to him. Their bodies smacked together with increasing power and speed and each time he drove his cock forward she was nearly lifted off the floor. She managed to get a hand on her clit.

"Fuck, yes! Harder. Harder!" she begged.

A moment later, he said, "Is it OK to..."

"Yes! Just keep fucking me."

Those were the last words that could actually be understood. She started to cum first, which made him follow very quickly. The wall was the only thing that kept them upright. Juices mixed with semen began to ooze out of her pussy and down the inside of one of her thighs. Grunts became moans, which became sighs, which became intermittent outbursts of exhausted groans.

He leaned against her, feeling his cock deflate inside her wonderful pussy.

"How long did you say you were in town?" he asked.

###

The unexpected encounter originated less than five hours earlier.

John normally dreaded stepping out of his air conditioned office building onto the steamy sidewalk. Today was no exception. The only redeeming factor was that he was done working for the day, and it was only six in the evening. With laptop case in hand and his head down, John leaned into the heavy glass door and pushed it open.

Immediately, his head popped up. In his peripheral vision he recognized the unmistakable shape of a slender female. She passed in front of the door and John paused for just an instant to give her a two or three step lead on him. His eyes rose from her shoes to her ass, enclosed tightly in white dress pants.

John watched the ass sway back and forth as they approached the intersection. He examined her slender back and shoulders inside a red, almost rust colored, top. Her hair was light brown with blonde tinted curls that fell just below her shoulders.

It wasn't until he was about to stand next to her at the light that he got a view of the side of her face. She was about thirty, he guessed, and very cute with small, delicate features and wonderful long lashes.

She was looking at a map, or some type of guide of the city. John was used to seeing visitors and convention attendees in the area. His office was about halfway between the convention center and the major downtown hotels. For the most part, he ignored the tourists. But not this time.

The woman glanced over at him and John quickly averted his eyes.

"Excuse me. Do you live here?"

He looked back at her and stared at her stunningly pretty face. "Uh, yes."

"Where's the best place to eat?" she asked bluntly.

Cars sped past and busses turned at the corner. John considered the options.

"Easton Mall. About fifteen minutes northeast of here."

She scrunched up her nose in a sign of dissatisfaction. The light changed and she matched John step for step through the intersection.

"I could take a cab?" she inquired.

"You could."

"I bet it's expensive," she said in a decidedly gloomy tone.

They reached the opposite sidewalk and John stopped, waiting for the light to change so he could cross one more street. Without looking at her, he said, "You'll turn it in as a travel expense."

After a short pause, he added: "Or you could find somebody going that way."

If he'd looked at her, John would have seen her faint smile.

"Know anyone?"

"It's on my way," John said casually.

He watched the light changing. He knew she would be next to him as he began to walk...and she was.

"It sure would leave a bad taste in my mouth if somebody who lived here, and who was going to pass Easton on his way home, didn't offer to drop me off," she said.

Once he got to the next sidewalk, John was within sight of his car in an outdoor parking lot within the same block. A bargain would have to be struck quickly.

"But that leaves an expensive cab ride back to the hotel," he said.

They continued walking, although John slowed the pace to allow the drama to play out.

"Then you might as well have dinner with me and offer to bring me back," she said with matter-of-fact finality.

John stopped and looked into her wistful eyes. He didn't like women who used their sexuality to influence him in business settings. He absolutely loved it when they did it socially.

"If you make it a habit of picking up strangers, and I suspect you do, I'm shocked you're still alive," John told her.

"Am I supposed to be offended?" she asked with mock disdain.

Her look assured him she was not in the least bit offended. John took two seconds to consider just how much he'd regret telling her he couldn't be her chauffeur. Then he turned towards his car and said, "C'mon."

He unlocked it remotely, led her to the passenger door, and walked around to the driver side while she settled in. John started the car and the air conditioning attempted to rid the interior of some of the excessive heat that had built up during the day. He didn't pull out of the parking spot immediately.

"I'm John," he said, turning to his passenger.

"I'm Kerrie."

"When was the last time you didn't get what you wanted, Kerrie?"

A look of concentration and deep inner thought made John look away before he laughed at her. A moment later, she said, "I was eight. I wanted a new bike. I got my brother's old one. I never forgave my parents."

"I'm sure you didn't," John said dryly.

The air conditioning was starting to take effect. Kerrie had put on her seat belt and he gazed at her modest breasts, accentuated by the strap across her chest. If she noticed, Kerrie gave no sign.

"Am I keeping you from anything?" she asked.

"Would you be in my car if you were?" he replied.

She giggled. "I don't know. I don't want you to feel obligated to..."

"Oh, stop it," John said, putting the car in reverse. "You needed a ride to dinner and you got it. Don't be so condescending."

Kerrie was silent until they were out of the parking lot and into the flow of traffic.

"What do you do?" she asked.

"I manage people. And most of them today were unmanageable," he replied. "So I shouldn't be surprised you are sitting there being petulant."

Kerrie held back her snicker. "Ahhh. I'm sorry. Drop me off at the next corner."

John frowned at her. "How about you? What do you do?"

"I'm in marketing. I make people buy things."

John nodded. "No doubt you can make people do almost anything. You couldn't have learned that in school."

"People say I have a knack."

They rode the next few miles in silence while Kerrie surveyed the surroundings. Well-treed neighborhoods were mixed in with small industrial parks. They passed the exit for the airport and merged onto the outerbelt.

Kerrie snuck in an occasional peek at John, with his perfectly styled hair and handsome, if not rugged, face. He was probably in his mid thirties. Maybe less. Hidden under his dress shirt and pants was what appeared to be an average body. She gave an inner stamp of approval. After all, it was just dinner.

"Is traffic always this light?" she asked.

"The rush is over, and even then it's not bad. This is an easy city to get around in," John said. "Any cab driver would tell you that."

"I'll ask one sometime." She glanced over to make sure he saw her grin.

John pulled onto the exit ramp and ten minutes later they were parked and walking to the restaurant. He had left his tie in the car, somewhat glad that Kerrie was dressed as casually, but neatly, as she was. A consciousness then struck him which he hadn't felt in many, many years. He watched passing men look at Kerrie with obvious appreciation and John was proud to be at her side. An urge to take her hand in his was fought off successfully. He resigned himself to his role as driver and escort.

An unspoken agreement seemed to have been made between them during the meal that personal lives would not be delved into beyond hobbies, favorite books and movies, and a few innocent confessions of youthful indiscretions. Neither wore a ring and at least Kerrie knew that meant nothing.

There were lots of laughs and an increasing sense of comfort fell upon them over the course of ninety minutes. John had studied every inch of her face; every curl in her hair; every swell and dip underneath her shirt. Kerrie found him to be much more agreeable than she expected after their meeting on the sidewalk. She hadn't truly set out to hijack him into transporting her and having dinner. The conversation just went that way and she flowed with it. Now she was glad she did.

Kerrie attempted to pick up the check. John refused. In the end, she took a copy of the receipt acknowledging that she'd turn it in for reimbursement of her portion. John grinned as if to say, 'Told you so.'

The return ride was a little more conversational than the first and darkness was beginning to set in when they entered the downtown area.

Following one of the few periods of silence, John said, "Did you say the Renaissance?"

"Yes."

"I'll drop you off in front," he said.

There was a pause. Then Kerrie said, "Can you come in for just a little while? I've had such a good time."

John questioned whether his imagination was playing cruel tricks with his mind or if she really.... He looked over and saw her staring at him.

"I, uh, it's up to you," he stammered.

"Please."

It was the sweetest, most sensual voice she'd used all night. John turned at the next light and wove through two alleys to find his parking lot. It was only three blocks from the hotel and would save him a small fortune. Plus, it was three more blocks to be with her.

She had stepped out of the car first and when John came around to join her, Kerrie's eyes seemed to blaze with anticipation. Her lips were raised in just less than a grin. She swiped a wisp of hair away from her face. John wanted to throw her on the car hood and have sex with her right there.

They walked close together, touching once or twice unintentionally. They could both feel the attraction; the growing fondness. Nothing was said.

John opened the massive door to the hotel and Kerrie entered. They walked to the elevators. John's heart was pounding as the door slid open and they stepped inside. Kerrie pushed the button for one of the uppermost floors.

"Thank you, John," she nearly whispered.

Before he could answer, she was against his chest, covering his mouth with hers. John pressed forward and they struck the wall behind Kerrie. The kiss intensified and their arms wrapped around each other. Floor after floor passed by, luckily without stopping. Then the elevator began to slow.

Totally flushed, the pair separated and nervously giggled as the door opened. John let Kerrie lead. As they walked, she reached inside her purse for the key card. He thought her hand was quivering, but he could have been mistaken. She slowed and he watched her push the card in a door and then quickly pull it out. A tiny green light came on.

Kerrie pushed open the heavy door.

###

"Two more days," Kerrie said between uneven breaths. "Do you have any other restaurant suggestions?"

"You still trust me?" he asked, brushing her hair off the side of her face.

"Unequivocally."

John finally backed away so their bodies were not touching. But he put his hands against the wall on either side of her delicate shoulders to box her in. "I think you should take some time to consider it. See if your mind has changed by the morning."

She looked somewhat doubtful. "Why?"

John shrugged. "Believe me, I would love to see you again. But let's do this."

Kerrie waited for his proposal.

"I'll be outside your door at six o'clock tomorrow night. If you answer when I knock, I'll have my answer," John said. "If you don't...I'll have my answer as well."

She leaned forward and kissed him lightly on the lips. "I'd hate to disappoint you."

Even as John left his building the next day, he wasn't prepared to make a wager on whether his lovely new friend would be waiting for him. He knew SHE had never been far from his thoughts for nearly twenty four hours. He kept reliving every moment of the previous evening, from his first view of her to their many conversations to the frenzied liaison inside her room.

He hoped his offer of waiting a full day before meeting again didn't provide her with the time to void her initial desire to continue their relationship, whatever that was. But he knew it was the right thing to do. She hadn't been drinking heavily during dinner, so he didn't have to worry about her seeing him through an alcohol induced haze. If she was in her room now, it was because she wanted to be.

He wanted her to be there; desperately.

Thus, it was with unsteady hands that he rapped lightly on the door to her room. He heard nothing. And then the door slowly opened.

Kerrie's angelic face beamed at him. A Mona Lisa-like grin invited him in.

"Hello," she said almost shyly.

"Hi."

John walked inside and, this time, saw the door close more normally behind him. If he noticed Kerrie the day before because of her figure, his attention was grabbed this evening by a more dramatic sight. She wore a bright red, silk bathrobe with a distinctive Japanese theme. Black and red flowers, black imagery, and Japanese writing highlighted the small garment. It stopped mid-thigh and was open at the top to reveal a good portion of Kerrie's cleavage. A belt pulled into a single loop in front held it together...barely.

"Come on in," she said, walking in front of him past the bed and towards the couch and chairs at the far end of the room. Just as John had envisioned all night in bed, she moved as if floating on air in her bare feet.

The robe hung close to her hips and ass. Every curve and indentation seemed to be visible. He was pretty sure she was topless. What about panties? He wanted to reach out and discover the truth.

"Something to drink, John?"

"No. That's OK. Thanks."

"Mind if I have some wine?" she asked, already approaching the counter with the bottle protruding from an ice bucket.

"Not at all."

He watched every move she made: opening the bottle; pouring a half glass for herself; walking to the couch next to John's chair. She leaned over to place the glass on a table between them and he caught himself peering inside the loose robe. Kerrie turned and sat down, crossing her legs and carefully holding the robe in place to reveal as little as possible.

"I'm very glad I didn't scare you away last night," John said.

"I was afraid I had done the same to you. It was wonderful. Thanks for coming back."

He sensed sincerity in every word she spoke. Was he being naïve? All he knew for sure was that his cock was already reacting to her mere presence. She reached for her wine and another glimpse of her breasts only brought another response between his legs.

After a sip, Kerrie said, "I wanted you to know that that was my second favorite way to have sex."

John raised an eyebrow and asked the obvious. "And the first?"

"Much slower. More teasing. Until neither of us can stand it any longer," she said sensuously.

"I kind of thought that's what happened last night."

Kerrie giggled. "Maybe accidentally. But I think it can be better. And last sooo much longer."

John thought his cock would burst through his pants if she kept talking.

"Will you let me show you what I mean, John?"

"Of course."

"Good. Just sit back and enjoy. And do as I say, OK?"

This time he could only nod.

She took another drink and moved one of her legs just enough to open the slit in her robe nearly up to her pussy. Her thighs were creamy and perfectly smooth without a blemish in sight.

Kerrie's eyes locked onto John's crotch and stayed there despite his obvious awareness of what she was doing. He was dressed in a long sleeve dress shirt and pants, but without a tie. Thankfully, the pants were loose enough to hide the beginning of his erection.

If this was the form of foreplay that Kerrie preferred, John was more than willing to participate despite the discomfort it might cause before the main course was served. He watched for any hint of what lay beneath the robe. So far, nothing revealed itself.
