 It was exceptionally hot at the barbeque that Saturday, but no one seemed to mind. It was a party complete with lots of food, liquor, loud music, and people milling in and out of the back yard. The pungent smell of searing meat over smoldering charcoals filled the air and Michel was feeling hungry, as usual. He headed toward the table to grab a plate and was completely taken aback by a pair of huge brown eyes smiling his way. He glanced behind him to make sure she was looking at him. When his eyes returned to her, she met his gaze with a smile. 

She stood alone and he wondered if someone was there with her. As he contemplated his next move, she walked into the house. Suddenly, he wasn't interested in what was on the table. What he wanted was inside that house and that is where he had to be. He was overcome with the urge to know her. He didn't know if she was with someone and he really didn't care. 

Sean spotted him as soon as he walked through the gate. He was tall . . . really tall. His skin was golden in the sun and he looked at her with expressive eyes that hid secrets she wanted to uncover. She had never seen him before and didn't know who invited him, but he appeared to arrive alone and since she was solo as well, she looked at him, hoping he'd see the invitation in her smile. He looked away, then back at her and she smiled again. Sean waited for a moment for him to approach her, but he didn't. She shrugged and went inside to get a drink. It was stifling outside and she could really use some air conditioning anyway. 

Bending in front of the open refrigerator, Sean perused the variety of cold beverages, but her mind was still on the handsome stranger. Had she misread the look in his eye? Did he not like what he saw when he was looking her up and down? She was certain he wondered what was beneath the denim mini skirt she wore. Was she wrong? She grabbed a Corona, closed the refrigerator door and there he stood.

"Can I get you something?" she asked him. He stared into her eyes and replied,

"What I want isn't in the fridge."

"I'm sorry?" she said. 

"I want something, but it's too hot to be in the fridge."

"Oh, I see. You like to flirt," she said. He stood, his unblinking eyes fixed on her and said,

"Call it what you want."

Nothing like this had ever happened to Mike before. She was a perfect stranger, yet he could not shake the feeling that they somehow connected. It was more than physical. It was mystical. He wanted to touch her. He wanted to kiss her. He wanted to know every inch of her chocolaty skin. Mike wanted her and he couldn't make himself walk away. He was about to say something witty when one of her girlfriends burst through the kitchen door and went to the fridge.

"Girl, you comin' back out? The old heads 'bout to throw them bones and there's a lotta money at stake! I hope don't nobody start shootin'! You comin'?" she asked, pausing at the door. Sean looked at Mike, then at her friend.

"It's way too hot out there, girl! I need some AC. I'ma chill in here with my Corona and watch some TV for a minute. I gotta cool off," Sean replied, fanning herself with her hand and placing that frosty bottle of beer against her cleavage. Her friend walked out and Sean stood looking up at the stranger. "Wanna watch some TV with me?" she asked him.

His heart nearly beating out of his chest, Mike felt faint watching her move the beer bottle up and down between her breasts. That's when he knew he was right. There was a spark between them and she felt it, too. He decided to throw caution to the wind and go with his instincts. She took his hand and led him into the den. 

The blinds were all closed and it was dark except for the light cast by the music videos on the plasma TV. They sat on the sofa and she moved close, placing her hand on his knee. Her touch set him on fire. The rap video featured beautiful, scantily clad women dancing erotically, touching themselves and grinding on each other. Sean was already turned on just by the way this man looked at her, like she was a pork chop and he was starving. She watched him lick his lips and wondered if they were as soft as they looked. 

Trying to focus on the TV, Sean could feel his gaze upon her and knew something special was going to happen. Her mind raced. If something jumped off, where could they go? One of the bedrooms? A bathroom? As she contemplated, she felt his fingers on her inner thigh and she gasped. She didn't look at him but kept her eyes on the music video, wondering how far he was going to go. Sean moved her hand up his leg and felt the huge bulge in his pants. 

Mike gave in to his desire and decided to just do what he felt. If he was wrong and she stopped him, that would be that. But he didn't think she was going to stop him. When he slid his hand between her thighs, she caught her breath and he knew she wanted him, too. She lifted her skirt and parted her legs. Mike made up his mind. If she was wet, he was going to eat her. He didn't even know her name, but the thought sent him into a frenzy. 

She grabbed his hand and placed it firmly against her crotch. She was drenched and Mike fell to his knees in front of her. He pulled the skirt up around her waist.

"Wait! What're you doing? We can't do this here! What if somebody walks in?" she whispered.

"Ain't nobody comin' in here! They're out there watchin' dominoes and drinkin'!"

"But . . ." she started. He pulled her panties to the side and ran his tongue up and down her pussy lips, leaving them puffy and glistening. He looked up at her and said,

"You don't understand. You're so wet! It makes me crazy!" He full-on kissed her, parting the lips with his fingers and dipping his tongue deep inside her. He savored the taste of her, the silky smoothness of her, the aroma of her. It was intoxicating. 

She began to move back and forth, coating his face with her nectar. He reached up and grabbed her breast with one hand and slid his other hand beneath her, lifting her off the sofa as he focused on her clitoris, sucking and nibbling until she trembled. The room was spinning and this man, this incredible man, was on his knees before her, worshipping her pussy as if it belonged to him. When he started in on her clitoris, Sean's body started to shake and she knew she was close to orgasm. She reached down and pried his face away from her, stood and pushed him down onto the floor. Straddling his long legs, she unzipped his pants, releasing his engorged dick. 

She could barely get her hand around it. Sean looked into his hazel eyes and without a word, she parted her full, glossy lips and took him inside. His groans pleased her. She knew she was giving him good head and when she throated him, he shivered. She showed out, nibbling the head, sucking his balls. She knew how to make him blow and that's what she wanted. Sean wanted him to erupt.

Her warm, wet mouth bathed him as she moved slowly up and down the length of his shaft, occasionally flicking her tongue. Mike wasn't sure he could hold out. He was so turned on just watching her, hearing the soft moans and slurping noises she made as she took him deeper and deeper into her throat. She spit and jerked him, then throated him again. He had to fight the urge to explode. He was so excited, if he came right then, he might blow the top of her head off! He had to hold on because he needed to bury his dick in her slippery, sweltering twat.

His hands shaking, he pulled himself away from her. She crawled up his frame and kissed his lips, moaning against them, then moved to his neck.

"Your neck is gorgeous. I just wanna bite it!" she groaned. With each lick, Mike's dick got harder. She reached behind her, grabbed it and in one smooth motion, slid back and sat on it. It took him by surprise. Not many women could take him that way. But she knew what she was doing, riding him slow and deep. She was so tight and he could feel her muscles contract around him. 

When they found their rhythm together, she lay on his chest and he grabbed her ass. Mike couldn't believe this was real! She was back at his neck and he felt feverish. He squeezed her butt hard, then wrapped his arms around her waist and held her tight as she cried out,

"Oh, shit! I'm gonna cum!"

"Come on, baby! Cum!" he whispered. She smashed her breasts against his chest and buried her face between his neck and shoulder, trying to stifle her screams. He felt her pussy flutter and spasm around him and her whole body quivered. 

The sounds she made sent him over the edge and he pulled out just as he shot up like a geyser. She grasped his shaft and moved her hand up and down, jerking out every last drop. Then she put it in her mouth again, running her tongue across the head. It felt so good, it hurt and Mike begged her to just stop.

They lay there on the floor, her on top of him, gasping and sighing. Eventually, she stood, pulled her panties back on and smoothed the little skirt back down over her hips. Michel got up, adjusted his clothing, and stared at her. She stared back, smiled, extended her hand and said,

"Hi, I'm Sean."