 I was called for an interview in another state, it was about 1000 miles from my current working and residing place so had to make reservations on a train. About me then I was around 36 years, 5'9" and good physique. I reached a day before the scheduled date and lodged in modest motel. The interview was scheduled to be at 10:00 AM and it was 09:55 AM when I reached the office where the interview was to be scheduled.

I met the interview coordinator of the company and was asked to wait in the waiting. So I just sat waiting and read a few magazines which were kept on the table in the waiting area. The coordinator came and said as two members of the interviewer panel were busy in a meeting with some of the officials from the head office of the company I was to wait fro about two hours. I told him it's not an issue to worry about.

At around 11:00 a girl around 25 years walked in the waiting area with the coordinator and sat opposite to me. I glanced at her, she was of Asian origin and about 5'3" neither petite nor plump with a round face common looking face and full red lips, I would say she was about right size everywhere in the body with a 32 D cup (which I came to know about later). I just looked at her and she smiled and I also smiled back and then I got back to the magazine I was reading. She was wearing a lip gloss for makeup and was wearing a black formal trouser and light blue shirt and black platforms.

As I sat reading I saw a glimpse of white on her shirt so I focused on her and saw that her shirt button was open and was hanging to a strand of blue string but she had no idea about it and I could see a portion of her breast encased in white bra. I was in a dilemma what to say to her and then she suddenly caught my eye as I was looking at her face, I just pointed at her shirt and then sat gazing at the book I was reading.

She fidgeted as she saw her button hanging loose with just a strand of string holding and her white bra visible. I looked at her and she was almost in tears at her predicament, I felt even if she could restrain her shirt with a safety pin it will be a wrong impression in the interview, I felt sorry for her so I motioned her to bring her chair near mine as we were sitting around a round table and asked her if her home was around, she told me it was not and she had arrived from a neighboring city which was around 80 miles for the interview.

I asked whether she had a safety pin in her bag she said yes but she would not dare to pin it up in the interview. I nodded in affirmation then I had an idea I asked her to give me her button and the loose strand of string. She saw me in surprise and then she gave me what I asked for.

Luckily it was just a two hole button so I slowly made a loop with blue string in the button and with a few loops it was as if it could withstand a bit of strain, so I asked her to go in a wash room and use safety pin to fix the button in its place. She gladly took my advice and when she came back from she was grinning ear to ear and was profusely thanking me for my help.

I was a bit embraced and I said its nothing worth mentioning about and so we exchanged our names and sat chatting and after a while she asked me asked me about my family that is wife specifically, clearly she was a chatter box. I told about my wife and son and she was soon comfortable with me and she also told about her parents and her family.

After a while the coordinator came and apologetically said that the meeting is still going on and the interviewer panel may not be free until late in the evening, so the interview is re-scheduled after one day as they had off the next day. I had not done my returning ticket so I was not worried about the lapse of time but this was really an unfortunate development.

She was clearly uncomfortable about the re-arrangement but then she unconsciously clutched her pinned button she relaxed a bit. I thanked the coordinator and began walking out of the office when I heard her call my name. I turn around and she joined me and we both walked out talking. She asked me where I was staying, I told her the name of the motel where I was staying, and she told me that she could go back but she would have to return back the next evening for the interview, so she was thinking of putting up in the same motel as I was staying. I was thinking something else so I just shrugged and we walked back to my motel which was within 10 minutes walk from the place.

We got to the motel and she registered in the room next to mine. She went into her room and I went into mine and I freshened up as I had sat in the office for around 4 hours. After half an hour as I was sitting in shorts and t-shirt, my door bell rang when I opened she was standing outside wearing a t-shirt and flannel pajama, I called her in, she came in and sat on the bed and motioned me to sit on the bed too. She was chattering away when suddenly she asked me if I was into smoking and drinking.

I was taken aback but I told her truth that I did smoke but I did not drink. So she asked me if she could have a smoke too. I took the pack and lighter from the side drawer and handed a cigarette to her and held one between my lips. Then we sat smoking and she was just chatting away with occasionally me speaking. Then suddenly she said that she always had a dream of marrying a prince of her dreams but today she has met the man of her dreams in me. I just sat with my mouth open she looked in my eyes and said it was true as I was a caring person and my wife was very lucky.

Then she kept her hand on my thigh and asked if she could kiss me, and with that she very tenderly let her lips graze on my lips. I sat shocked with my mouth open and she opened her lips and her tongue was slowly licking my lower lip before I held her at an arm's length. She opened her misty eyes to look into mine and she let out a no contented moan and just said please make love to me just once. I was at loss of words and she kissed me once again melting in my arms her lips opened and took my lower lip between them and sucked it tenderly and she leaned on me as she came over me as I slowly went down in lying position.

She just lie down on me her breasts heaving on my chest as she sucked my lower lips, then I held her my hands caressing on her back then she opened her mouth and let her tongue slide in my open mouth, our tongues twirling against each other, my hands slowly went down to her bums and started caressing them. Now our breaths were coming in gasps as the heat rose in our bodies. She let out a gasp as I slowly slid my hands inside her pajamas and started cupping and caressing them from above her panty. She was slowly grinding her pelvis against mine and my dick was hard now in my shorts and we both were kissing feverishly our breaths coming in gasps and our heart beats racing hard in our heaving chests.

Then she broke the kiss and sat on top of me and started to take off her t-shirt, I held her hand and whispered that it was my job and she smiled a very seductively. I got up and now she was sitting on my lap with legs wrapped around my waist and I held her t-shirt and slowly pulled it over her head, she also took off my t-shirt and then she sat in my lap with a sports bra on and I was naked waist up, she was still grinding her pelvis against my hard dick. I then kissed her face then licked her lips and pulled her close to me with her chest heaving against mine then I kissed her earlobes and then held it between my lips and started to suck it.

She held my head with trembling hands as I sucked her earlobe and was slowly caressing my hair, then I slowly traced my tongue on her neck to her shoulder blade and my hands were caressing her back. She let out a moan and dug her nails in my back slowly I traced my tongue onto her cleavage and my hands dropped to her bums to hold them and raise her as I licked her bra clad breasts. She shuddered as my tongue snaked on her exposed skin.

Then slowly I let her down on my lap and held her bra and slowly slid it above her breasts, she raised her hands as I took it off and let it drop on the bed. Her breasts were soft and tender and she had small light brown nipples. Then she leaned onto me, her exposed breasts heaving against my naked chest, she tenderly rubbed her hand on my chest and her index finger playing with my nipple. Then I caught her by her bums and raised her so that her boobs were in front of my mouth and I slowly flicked my tongue on her breast avoiding any contact with her nipple, she was moaning her breath coming in gasps as I continued to flick my tongue on both of her breasts one by one staying clear from her nipples. Her nipples were hard now then I slowly rubbed my tongue on her nipple she caught my head with my hair and let out a loud moan as she pressed my head to her breast.

I took her nipple in my mouth and sucked it and she pressed my head forcing my mouth to open and take her breast in my mouth. I rolled my tongue all around her areola while sucking her nipple; she was moaning and squirming on my lap and her pussy was grinding on my hard dick. Then I slowly lowered her down on the bed and came between her legs and her right thigh was between my legs and continued sucking her breasts alternately and when I was sucking one nipple I was caressing and fondling the other breast and I was slowly bucking my hips rubbing it on her thigh. She was squirming and moaning as I was sucking and fondling her breasts and rubbing my dick on her pajama clad thigh.

Then I slowly traced my tongue to her belly and licked all around her belly button while my hands were beneath her bums caressing and fondling them. Then I rolled my tongue in her belly poking the tip of my tongue in her belly button, she held my head forced it down squirming and wriggling her bums underneath me. I slowly traced my tongue to her pajama lining and slowly pulled it down with my hands and took it off her legs as she raised her bums.

Then I came between her legs and bent down and blew air on her panty clad pussy she squirmed and closed her eyes as I bent down and gently traced my tongue on her pussy mound from above her panty. She held my head and a loud moan escaped as I opened my mouth and gently took her pussy mound between my teeth and applied a bit of pressure on it with my teeth. Then I held her panty lining between my teeth and pulled it down and she raised her bums to let me take off her panty she was then totally naked and I could see her slightly pink and shaved pussy, her pussy lips glistened with her juices.

I admired her pussy for a few moments and then blew air from my mouth on her exposed pussy, she moaned with pleasure and held my head tight with her hands and encased my head between her thighs. Then I flicked my tongue on her clit and she let out a loud moan and held my head tight, then I tenderly licked all around her pussy lips and then I took her small cilt between my lips and pressed it a few times, I was surprised as her juices oozed out of her pussy. Then I ran my tongue tip up and down her pussy slit for a few times then I flattened my tongue on her pussy and gave a hard lick in upward motion, she shivered as I did that and held my head hard with her hands and legs. I thought she enjoyed it so I did it once more, flattening my tongue on her pussy and giving hard lick in upward motion and repeated it a few more times and her pussy juices just oozing out of her pussy and she was moaning louder and louder.

She held my head by my hairs and tugged it upwards indicating that she wanted me inside her, I held her hands and gently opened her grip and got up, took off my shorts and briefs and came between her legs, she opened her eyes and we both had lust in our eyes, I then held my dick in my hand, pulled back its skin and slowly rubbed its head on her pussy lips, she opened her legs wide as her eyes went to her pussy and saw my dick slowly circling on her pussy, my dick was throbbing and her pussy was quivering in anticipation. She was squirming and wriggling as I slowly teased her pussy by rubbing my dick's head on her pussy lips and clit. She was thrusting her pussy towards me and her pussy was leaking and was very wet, I then kept my dick on her pussy's entrance and gently shoved my hips towards her, my dick's head went inside her pussy with a plop sound and she wrapped her legs around my waist and started to pull me towards her. I kept my hands on the bed besides her waist as I slowly penetrated her pussy with my dick. She was so hot inside that I felt my ears and cheeks burning as I slowly penetrated her hot and wet pussy, I could feel my dick throbbing and her pussy walls were quivering.

She was looking in my eyes as my dick was slowly sliding inside she held my waist with her hands and wrapped her legs tight around my waist and gave me hard pull towards her and my dick went inside her hot pussy to hilt. I then stopped for a few moments as we both gazed each other in ecstasy as I enjoyed my throbbing dick wrapped in hot and wet quivering pussy, then she slowly started moving beneath me, it was just a small grinding movement as if she was rubbing her cilt on the base of my dick.

Then I groaned and drew back a bit and thrust my dick deep inside her, teasing her, she squirmed and shuddered and her pussy kept on getting wet by her juices as I worked myself inside her in shorts bursts, I could feel her pussy convulsing as I continued pumping inside her in shorts bursts. She was gasping and moaning as those little movements were teasing her, then she said long a please in breathy, broken and desperate voice. I also groaned and then pulled my dick back until only the head of my dick was inside her hot pussy, then drove it deep in a single and smooth thrust as her pussy was now leaking and was very well lubricated. She let out a strangled sort of cry and we began fucking in a hard rhythm, I was driving my entire throbbing dick to its hilt and each time my pelvis struck against her we both let out groans of pleasure. 

We were surrounded in musky scent as we both were pulling and pushing against each other, she held me with her hands and her legs were wrapped around my bums as she pulled me with vigor and I was also panting and penetrating my dick deep inside her hot pussy in a long and smooth stroke, my dick slowly swelling with each stroke.

We both were mumbling about how good it feels as we both moved in frenzy as I increased my pace faster and faster, our bodies vibrating from our piston action. All of a sudden she uttered a small scream, her pussy clamping around my dick pinning my dick in her velvety depths and our bodies burned in ecstasy her juices enveloping my dick as she sagged beneath me and just at that time I groaned as my dick pulsated and erupted deep inside her pussy, she smiled as I released my cum deep inside her pussy her groans mixing in my grunts as she milked my hardness with her velvety depths as my dick erupted bursts after bursts of my hot cum.

We stayed joined, panting as I pinned her beneath me, my chest heaving against her breasts, we both grunted as I shifted and lay down beside her, my spent cock sliding from her wet pussy with a slick sound. She shivered and turned, leaning against my chest, we both were still a little breathy; as she reached her hands on my chest rubbing it as I kissed on her lips and she opened her lips for a deep kiss which lasted for quite a while, as we both lay recuperating from a long marathon. Then after a while she if I wanted to wash, I nodded an affirmative and we both walked to the bath room hand in hand there we both had a leak and washed each other up and came back and lay down talking cuddled against each other.

After a while I asked her if she enjoyed it, she replied me with a passionate kiss and then I asked her if she could put up with me during the night, she assented to that. After an hour of so of cuddling and talking we both got up and got ready and went out for a short stroll. We came back to our rooms after having a light meal. I immediately went into the shower and shaved my facial as well as my very small pubic hair and then after half an hour around 9 at night she knocked at my door. I opened my door as she walked in wearing red shorts and white t-shirt; I was just in my shorts and briefs.

She came in and lighted cigarettes for both of us and tuned the television on some music channel and there was only a small bed light lighting the room. I sat down smoking on the bed with my back against the head board and she lay down with her head in my lap. My hand automatically went to her breast as I gently cupped and stroked it, my fingers moving around her nipples teasing her tight buds; she was not wearing anything underneath her t-shirt. Soon she was moaning as I lowered my mouth to suckle one nipple, teasing the tight bud with my teeth from above her t-shirt. She got up and sat on my lap, her legs wrapped around my waist and I pulled off her t-shirt making her naked above her waist, my hand caressing, stroking and kneading her bums as my lips found her lips and we began kissing feverishly then I traced my tongue on her neck licking her skin with the tip of my tongue all the way onto her shoulder blade and then down to her breast. I stuck my tongue out licking all around her nipple with the tip of my tongue and she held my head, her fingers gliding in my hair, as I gently flicked tip of my tongue on her left nipple. She let out a loud groan as I slowly took her nipple in my mouth and sucked it. She clasped her legs tight around my waist and her pelvis grinding against mine, she tensed and whimpered as I sucked her nipples taking them in my mouth alternately, while my hands went inside her shorts as I massaged and kneaded her bums with my hands.

We both were trembling as she moaned and gasped grinding her pelvis against mine while I was sucking her breasts alternately. I held her with my left hand on her bum kneading and caressing it and with my right hand I was caressing her left breast as I sucked her right breast. Then I gently let her down on the bed as I came on top of her; she gasped and moaned, her legs still wrapped around my body as I slowly licked my way to her belly button and all over her belly. Then I got up and held her shorts and pulled them down admiring her quivering body, then I slowly traced my tongue to her panty lining she smelled of woman and nature and there was a wet spot on her yellow panty. I then flicked my tongue and poked on the wet spot on her panty, she let out a loud moan and held my head tight with her hands and shoved it towards her pussy.

I rubbed and poked my tongue on the wet spot on her panty which was growing slick with her oozing pussy juices. Then I held her panty and pulled it down exposing her glistening pussy and I inhaled the musky scent of her pussy, then I parted her pussy lips I could see her velvety walls quivering with anticipation, I slowly licked her inner lips with the tip of my tongue sliding it in and out of her pussy. Then I feasted on her lapping my tongue on her clit, driving my tongue into her pussy and slurping her salty nectar while holding her by her bums. Her moans and gasps of pleasure took over both of us as her pussy slowly released juices which I licked to her satisfaction, as she held my head with her hands and her feet resting on shoulders and her pussy grinding on my mouth as I dragged my tongue up and down and in and out of her hot and wet pussy. She suddenly convulsed and arched her back and held my head forcefully on her pussy as her pussy released its juices and I complied by lapping them up feverishly. She let out a contented loud moan as she lay back exhausted and opened her dreamy eyes and locked them with mine with a satisfied smile plastered on her face.

I then got up, took a towel and cleansed my face of her pussy juices and took her in my arms and cuddled besides her kissing all over her face. She kissed me back her hands roaming all over my chest and making purring sounds, then her hand slowly snaked to my dick and stroked it from above my shorts, she then slowly came over me and kissed me passionately all over my face and said that she was going to suck my dick but she would not let me cum as she wanted it deep inside her, then slowly writhed downwards kissing all over my hairy chest and then flicked her tongue on my nipple, then she opened and clamped her mouth on my nipple and sucked it hard, I held her by her head as she alternated between both of my nipples for a few moments, all this while she was slowly rubbing her pussy on my thigh. Then she got up and held my dick in her hand and opened her mouth and gently sank her teeth on my clothed dick, teasing it, I groaned with pleasure.
