 Sorry, I forgot to mention that Chance Encounter - Day One was my first submission. This is my second submission so guys please do not mind the mistakes and do please, please, please send me feedback, it does encourage one.

Regards,

frank




My eyes opened to the soft bed light and television still running on some music channel, she moaned sleepily as I moved a bit to use the washroom, she also opened her eyes and smiled. I got up and went to washroom, when I turned around after washing up she was standing on the bathroom door. I kissed on her lips as I walked past her to the bed, she came back after a few minutes and we cuddled up and went to sleep.

I woke up as I felt something slick and hot engulfing my dick, as I looked down I saw my hands were holding her head and she was sucking my dick. My bums began to move in rhythm and my eyes closed in pleasure as she sucked my dick and caressed my balls. My dick began throbbing as she continued to suck my dick and caress my balls, then she stopped sucking my dick and without warning she took one of my balls in her mouth and sucked it hard. I groaned as she sucked my balls one by one and she was stroking my dick with her hand, my precum leaking as she sucked my balls and stroked my dick.

I then held her head and asked her to get in 69 position, she lay down on me and let her pussy rest in front of my face, I parted her pussy lips with my hands and then licked her pussy slit, she let out a loud sigh of content as I slowly began to lick her pussy slit and she was moving her pussy on my face. Then I poked her inner lips with the tip of my tongue and began to tongue fuck her vigorously, she began to grind her pussy against my face as I licked her pussy juice when it began to ooze out of her pussy.

We licked each other for a few minutes and then she got up and came on top of me and then she lowered herself on my dick and we both watched my dick slowly sliding inside her wet and hot pussy. Then she rested her hands on my chest and slowly began to grind her pussy on my dick in cowgirl style, her eyes locked with mine as I held her by her waist, our lips letting out moans of pleasure.

She slowly leaned down on me while riding on my dick at a slow pace and kissed my lips, I also held her caressing her back and bums as we kissed passionately. She got up after a long passionate kiss and began to move her bums vigorously my dick clamped inside her hot and wet pussy, my dick already throbbing mad inside her pussy, she dug her nails on my chest as we both neared climax.

I let out a loud gasp as my dick exploded deep inside her and I held her tight clamping her down on me and suddenly she arched her back after a few moments and fell down like a log on me. My dick was still hard and throbbing inside her pussy and she was milking my dick with her pussy as she lay down relaxing on me.

It was a free day for both of us as the interview was scheduled for the next day around 02:00 pm so we decided to wash each other up in the shower. I carried her to the bathroom and she opened the shower and we both got underneath it, washing, kissing and caressing each other, then we shampooed each other after that we began to soap each other, all this time my dick was hard and she was caressing it teasingly time to time.

She was washing soap off her body with her back towards me, I put my hands around her waist and pulled her towards me, then I started kissing her shoulder blades and my hands playing with pussy mound, gently caressing her pussy lips, she leaned on me as our breaths deepened and my hard dick rubbing between her bums. I slowly slipped my finger inside her pussy and she gasped and then slowly thrust her bums towards as she slowly bend down holding the taps and put her right leg on a turned bucket and the shower running on us from above, then I held my dick and put it on her pussy opening she was wet and I watched my dick slowly disappear inside her depths in fascination. Then she slowly began to move backward and forward,

I stood still watching, then leaned down on her and took her boobs in my hands and started caressing them. She let out a wild moan as I gently twisted her nipples and we both stood fucking there under the shower. I held her by her waist and pulled back my whole dick very slowly until only its head was inside then I thrust it inside in one motion, she let out a loud gasp as I invaded her and stayed still for a few moments, then again I took out my dick very slowly and repeated it a few times.

We both were enjoying it immensely then she stood up and turned towards me, our eyes gleaming with lust and passion then I sat down on the floor and she slowly sat down on my lap and held my dick with her hand and guided it to her pussy opening, then she rubbed my dick on her pussy slit, on her cilt and then slowly sat down on my dick while I was holding her by her waist. We both let out a loud moan as my dick was slowly engulfed by her hot pussy, I was still holding her by her waist and then as my dick was in her pussy to its hilt she paused for a few moments and locked her lips with mine.

Then she began squirming in my lap, I groaned in her mouth as she slowly writhed and thrust her pelvis on mine, I was kneading her bums as she slowly increased her pace, thrusting her pelvis harder and faster, we both were moaning and grunting as we started a hard driving rhythm fucking and moving. Our hips rocked with each thrust and as she was sitting on my lap, her cilt was rubbing against the base of my dick, we both cried out breathlessly with each stroke, my dick was aching, swelling and throbbing and the grip of her hot pussy was so tight and so hot.

With a hoarse groan, I tightened my grip on her bums and pulled her towards on me, my dick swelling tight within her hot pussy as she arched her back, her pussy clamped around my dick like a vice, milking my dick as we both shuddered through our climaxes, my dick pulsed and throbbed deep inside her pussy erupted like a geyser as she dropped on me her breasts heaving against my chest.

Her pussy was milking my dick, her pussy muscles rippling around my dick and our juices mingling as it leaked out of her pussy. We got our breaths back after a few minutes and we once again laughed and bathed each other playfully.

We had lunch in my room after that we slouched down on the bed. I was lying with only my pajamas and briefs on and she was lying beside me clad in t-shirt and panty with her face on my chest and was gently caressing it with her hands. Something came into focus which was nagging my mind and I embarrassingly asked her if she was on pills as I had cummed inside her so many times. She looked up and smiled and told me that I need not to worry about her getting pregnant.

Then her hand slowly slide in my pajamas and started stroking and caressing my dick as she kissed my nipple and licked it. She slowly crawled over me with pelvis wriggling against mine, then she bend down and slowly traced her tongue on my lips and then took my upper lip in her mouth and sucked it. I also started sucking her lower lip and my hands caressed her t-shirt clad back, then I slowly slid both my hands inside her panty and caressed her bums.

She was slowly thrusting her panty clad pussy against my pajama clad hard dick. After a few minutes she released my lip and we both drew deep breaths, then she sat up and took off her t-shirt and freed her boobs, I raised my hands and started caressing her boobs and nipples. Then she laid down on me and started to move up and down, her breasts massaging against my chest, I held her and slowly turned around and came above her. She wrapped her legs around me as I slowly licked her neck and then traced my tongue on to her breasts and licked them in circles all over avoiding the nipples.

Then I slowly traced my tongue on her aureole, she held my head in her hands and was moaning loudly and squirming beneath me as I flicked my tongue on her nipple. Her nipples became tight and stood out as I took her nipple in my mouth and started to suck it, she held my head and pushed me towards her breasts. I kept sucking her nipples alternately, her moaning and squirming made me horny and my dick became hard and I kept rubbing it on her thigh.

Slowly I traced my tongue to her abdomen, she whimpered as I licked all around and in her belly button, then I moved down towards her pussy mound she opened her legs as she held my head, then I smelled her musky scent and saw wet patch on her panty then I blew air from my mouth on her pussy and licked her panty clad pussy. She let out a loud wild moan and held my head and shoved me towards her pussy,

I also stuck out my tongue and licked her pussy from above her panty fabric. Then I hooked my fingers in her panty lining and pulled it down, she raised her bums as I slid her panty down and removed it. Then I grasped her legs and put them on my shoulders and held them, and then I slowly teased her by the tip of my tongue brushing on her pussy lips. I traced the tip of my tongue on her pussy slit downwards, then as I reached the bottom of the slit, I flattened my tongue and slowly applied pressure and licked it upwards, she held and thrust my head towards her pussy and arched her back and let out a wild and loud groan.

Then again I traced my tongue tip towards the bottom of her pussy slit and again flattened my tongue on her pussy and slowly rubbed it on her pussy in upward motion. I could sense that she liked it so I did it a few times more before wriggling my tongue tip inside her pussy as far as my tongue could reach inside her. She held my head hard and was shoving her pussy towards me as I tongue fucked her licking her oozing juices and she was moaning and groaning loudly, then all of a sudden she arched her back and cried out her pelvis jerking against my mouth and her juice leaked out of her pussy and held my head tight between her thighs.

Then she lay limp but held my head hard on her pussy, I also kept flicking my tongue in and out of her pussy and lapped up her juices as she slowly released my head from her grip. I crawled beside her and pulled her in embrace as she lay recuperating gathering her breath. She opened her eyes after a few moments, her face flushing in heat and smiled as she looked in my eyes, she told me that she had never experienced a thing like that before.

Then she told me that she wanted me to cum inside her, so I got up and came between her legs and held my hard dick, then I slowly rubbed my dicks head on her pussy and slit, then I kept it on her pussy opening and slowly began to penetrate her as she wrapped her legs around my waist, I sat up and caressed her boobs and nipples as she began to move beneath me.

After a few strokes I pulled my dick out slowly and when just its head was inside her pussy I stopped for a few seconds and plunged it back inside her pussy in one swift motion. She moaned and groaned wildly as I fucked her liked for a few minutes. Then I pulled out my dick and sat upright and she sat on my lap and held my dick and kept on her pussy opening, then she held my shoulders and I also reached my hands behind her back, on her bums and pulled her towards me, we both groaned in pleasure as my dick slowly slid inside her hot and wet pussy, she was as hot as a volcano, her slick inner muscles rippling as we both swayed and thrust holding onto each other.

My dick throbbed and her pussy pulsated as we both swayed in rhythm, her nails dug in my shoulders as I held her by her bums and pulled and pushed her on my lap. She flung her head back with a loud moan; her naked body arching and her weight drove my dick deep inside her pussy, she bounced on my lap, slamming my dick deep inside her pussy and milking my dick with hot and tight pussy. Her breasts bouncing with those movements and making me groan and taking me to new heights of pleasure as we rocked and glided and all of a sudden my balls tightened and my dick swelled and let out a wild loud groan as I bucked wildly and released my cum deep inside her and just as I cummed she also groaned and rocked in small thrusting movements on my lap for a few minutes and then collapsed onto me, our breaths were out as we both sat caressing each other and kissing our body radiating with heat. Then we lay down side by side naked with her back resting on chest and within minutes we were asleep exhausted.

I woke up and heard water running in the bathroom, I got up and went to bathroom and she smiled when she saw me and then went out, I also washed and got fresh. When I came back to bed I heard her soft breath, she was sleeping on her back with her legs folded, and I gently crawled inside the linen and between her legs and placed my face in front of her pussy.

Then I flicked the tip of my tongue on her clit, she instinctively opened her legs a little more, then I gently poked her pussy lips with my tongue, she let out a small moan and raised her bums. Then I wriggled my tongue on her pussy lips, her hands grasped my head and forced it downwards with a loud moan, then I parted her pussy lips with my fingers and pushed my tongue inside her pussy, she kept her legs on my shoulders and held my head and slowly began to move her bums.

In a few moments her moans were echoing in the room and her pussy was all wet, I began to tongue fuck her, our movements becoming wilder with every moment. Her pussy was slushy with her pussy juice and I was enjoying the taste of her salty pussy. Then she suddenly held my head and asked me to get into 69 position, I got up and lay down on my back and she came on top of me.

She placed her pussy in front of my face and she held my dick and slowly began circling her tongue on my dick head. I also parted her pussy lips and drove my tongue inside her pussy as far as it could go. We both began groaning as I licked her pussy and she slowly took my dick in her mouth. We both were moving our bums in pleasure as she sucked my dick and I licked her pussy.

Then she sat up straight and straddled my face, she kept her hands on thighs and moved her bums, I was enjoying her salty taste as her pussy juices were now leaking out of her pussy. Her body began to tremble as her legs wrapped around my neck and head and her hands grasped my thighs and nails dug into my skin, she quivered feverishly as her juices rushed out of her pussy in a spurt and she collapsed onto me as I kept on licking her until she stopped shuddering and moving her bums.

Then she slowly got up and came between my legs and held my dick in her hands and then looked in my eyes and slowly moved her tongue on my dicks head. I groaned and my eyes half closed in pleasure, then she took my dick's head in her mouth and gave it a hard suck, I groaned hard and held her head and slowly raised my bums to slide my dick in her hot mouth, she also opened her mouth to accommodate my dick.

I was moaning and squirming beneath her as she moved her mouth up and down on my dick shaft. I could feel my dick throbbing inside her mouth and her tongue pressing hard on my vein, as she moved her head up and down. After a few minutes I warned her that I was about to cum she doubled her efforts, her lips sucking hard and her hand moving up and down the shaft rapidly.

I lifted my hips off the bed and groaned hard as my sperm began to rush from the shaft and pour into her mouth. She swallowed quickly and then pumped his shaft, sucking for more, my dick squirted several huge volleys of cum into her mouth and some of it escaped her lips and ran down the shaft under her pumping fist. Each contraction forced another large gob of my sperm into her mouth and she swallowed it.

I lay exhausted as she slowly crawled and lay down on me, my hands caressing her back and bums. We lay down like that for a while and then got up and cleaned up ourselves and we found that it was evening and we went out for a stroll. She took me to a mall and did some shopping, I also purchased a small crystal dolphin wind chime as a gift for her but it was a surprise and I kept it my bag as I wanted to give it to her when we parted. Then we came back to our motel and had some light dinner.

I was flipping channels on the television after having a bath when she came into my room, she was dressed in a ankle length skirt and t-shirt and I could see that she was not wearing anything it. She came and sat on the bed besides me and lighted two cigarettes and handed me one. We chatted some as we sat smoking and she told me that she was smoking after a long time, she smoked when she was in college.

I told her that I enjoyed when she sucked me earlier and she told me with a mischievous glint in her eyes that she loved it when I was licking her pussy, she had done oral before but she had never experienced anything like that before. I smiled and told her I could do it again but she would have to straddle my face for that. I held her in my arms and we both kissed each other passionately for a few minutes while exploring each other bodies with our hands and removing our clothes.

Soon we both were naked and I lay down on my back with a pillow under my head and she came on top of me with her pussy in front of my face, I heard her moan in excitement as I poked the tip of my tongue on her clit, she held the head board, raised herself and whacked her pussy against my face as I held her by her bums and pulled her close to my mouth. She grunted and moaned as my tongue explored her pussy slit and clit knob. Her clit knob was hard and raised so I took it between my lips and squeezed it gently, she moaned wildly and shuddered as I squeezed and sucked her clit with my lips.

She whacked her pussy against my face, I left her clit and poked my tongue out and slid it inside her pussy lapping up her oozing juices and swirled my tongue on her tender inside muscles. She groaned and her juices began to rush out of her pussy as I drank all of it. She was straddling me hard and fast, her breath coming in gasps, her pussy slapping on my face with a force, I also stuck my tongue out to full extent as she pumped her pussy on my face, her juices were flowing freely and I was eagerly licking it all.

She straddled me for a few minutes and then she whacked her pussy aggressively on my face, my tongue sliding in and out of her pussy and she squirted a lot of juice into my open mouth and squeezed her pussy against my face. Her breath was coming in gasps as she sat on my face shuddering and her pussy quivering against my face. She slowly got off me and lay down beside me, her whole body still shuddering a bit, her face was lustrous and her whole body felt very hot against my skin.

I held her for a while as she gathered her breath. Then I moved between her legs and flicked my tongue on her pussy again, she held my head and raised her bums to meet my tongue. I held her legs and kept them on my shoulders and then flicked my tongue on her hard clit, then I took it between my lips and squeezed it gently, she let out a loud groan, held my head in her hands and thrust her pussy towards me. I traced the tip of my tongue on her pussy slit towards its base, then I flattened my tongue on her pussy and applied pressure on it and licked it upwards. She let out a loud moan and lifted her bums and held my head harder, then I repeated it again and again, suddenly she arched her back, her feet on my shoulders and let out a small shriek and I was rewarded with a small jet of juice from her pussy. She collapsed back on the bed but I continued to flick my tongue in and out of her pussy and she kept on groaning and thrashed her head about on the bed. After a few minutes she arched her back again and her pussy oozed out more juice and this time also I drank her juices and then she lay down exhausted on the bed.

I got up and lay down beside her and slowly started caressing her boobs. Then I kissed her nipples and swirled my tongue all around it, then I took her hard nipple in my mouth and started to suck it, while I slowly massaged her pussy mound with my palm. Gradually she opened her legs and I rubbed my middle finger on her pussy slit, she moaned and held my head as I sucked her nipples alternately, then I slowly inserted my middle finger inside her pussy and started massaging her inner walls. She slowly responded to my touch and her pelvis started to move, I slowly and gently fingered her and kept sucking her nipples, soon her erotic moans filled the room and her pelvis started thrusting against wildly.
