 He walked into the bar just wanting a quick drink before heading up to his room. Being a happily married man, he had no thought of picking up a woman in a bar. He had never even thought about cheating on his wife before, nor had he ever had a desire for a one night stand. That is why he was so surprised when he saw her sitting with friends. He could not keep his eyes off of her. She was not a model type, just a regular everyday woman, but there was an instant attraction that he had never known before. She was so real, not like the typical women you see in a bar. She did not seem to be looking for anything, just enjoying herself with her friends. He caught her eye and smiled. She smiled back, just a smile, but it seemed like so much more. It was as if she said "me too". He guiltily thought of his wife then. She was a beautiful woman, a stay at home mom who was always good to him. He felt guilty when he realized she had never stirred him in the lustful way that this stranger was doing now. He felt himself starting to get hard just like a teenager.

She was out at the bar with co-workers after a long week at a trade show. They were all flying home tomorrow and the company wanted to have a dinner meeting to discuss the week behind them. She had just enough time to go back to her room for a quick shower and change before meeting everyone for dinner. After dinner she went with two girls from her department to the hotel bar for a quick drink. Although she was not the drinking type, she allowed herself to enjoy a few after the long week she had had. She saw him walk in and felt something stir inside her. There was an instant attraction. It wasn't like he was a super hunk. He was quite ordinary really, but there was something about him. She felt as if they had a connection somehow. Then he looked right at her and smiled. Smiling back at him made her feel as if they were alone in the room together. It was a connection. She felt a tingling sensation deep inside and she had an overwhelming desire to touch her breasts and squeeze her nipples right on the spot. She blushed a little at the thought. She guiltily felt a desire for this stranger that she had not felt for her husband in years.

He was only planning to have one drink then head up to his room and turn in, but he stayed in the bar hoping to find some way of talking to her without her friends. 

She found that she was distracted by him and not able to keep up with the conversation with her friends. After a while, her friends all decided to head back to their rooms.

"I think I will stay for one more drink," she said. 

"OK, we will see you in the morning ... our flight leaves at 9:00".

He watched as her friends left and was excited to see that she had stayed behind. Should he talk to her? He was happily married and loved his wife, but there was something almost magical about this woman. She was not the typical "hot chick" that most guys are attracted to. She was in her mid thirties with long dark hair, a few extra pounds and conservatively dressed, but she had something about her that made him look at her with complete lust. 

She was hoping he would approach her and start a conversation. She surprised herself with that thought. After all she was a married woman. She loved her husband and had never thought about cheating on him. Was she really hoping that this stranger would talk to her? What did she think was going to happen? Even if he does talk with her, what's wrong with that? It's not like she is going to have sex with him.

"Can I buy you a drink?"

"Sure," she responded quickly. What was she thinking? Well, it is just a drink. What harm could it do?

He sat down across from her and could not take his eyes off of her. She was absolutely amazing. He could imagine her without clothes on and felt himself becoming hard. There was something in her eyes when she smiled that made him feel like she wanted him in the same way he wanted her.

She looked at him and wondered what it was that attracted her to him. He was an ordinary looking guy, mid thirties, well kept and nice looking. There was something more though. The way he looked at her made her feel like she was truly wanted. Not needed like a husband needs a wife to help make a home for their kids, but wanted like a man who wanted her with an animal lust. Lust for her. Not just for sex, but for sex with her. Somehow this man made her feel like she was truly a sexual being. The thought made her feel like she never had before.

They talked for half an hour about various subjects. Both confessed to being married and admitting that they had never thought about cheating. They talked about their sex lives openly and honestly. She told him that her husband wanted to try different things, but that she was much too conservative and shy. She told him that for all her husband wanted to try, he was very timid in bed, very respectful and polite. He had never made her feel the desire to try these new things. She could not believe how open they both were about this. She had never felt so comfortable talking about sex before. Not even with her husband. What she did not tell him was that her husband had never made her feel the pure lust she felt now. He told her that he and his wife were the same way, both too shy to move their sex life forward. His next question shocked him to the core; he could not believe that he asked, "Do you want to come up to my room? Maybe we can help each other with these things."

Her answer was immediate and took her by surprise, "Yes."

There was no pretense as to what she was going to his room for. No pretending at all. She was going up to have sex with him, a one night stand. Something neither had ever thought about before. They were quiet on the way up to his room. Both knew they should not be doing this, but both knew it was something they had to do. She hoped he was going to take her and make her his, that he was going to show her just how much he wanted her. She knew she wanted him just as bad.

When they finely got in his room he immediately pinned her to the wall and firmly kissed her. She had never had a man be rough with her before. He did not hurt her, but was just firm enough to let her know that he was in control. He had both of her hands over her head against the wall pinning them there forcefully with one hand. With the other hand, he grabbed her chin and forced her to look him in the eye.

"I am going to fuck you like you have never been fucked before."

Her husband had never talked to her like this. He had wanted to but she never let him. She was normally too shy, but hearing this stranger say this to her made her lose any inhibitions she had left.

"I want you to fuck me," was her response. She could not believe she was doing this. She forgot about everything except having this man in front of her. She knew she would do anything he told her to do.

He opened her blouse with his free hand. She could feel her hard nipples pushing thru the fabric of her bra. She ached to have him touch them, play with them, and squeeze them. Suddenly she was glad she had worn the bra that fastened in the front. Her excitement grew as she felt him brush his hand over her breast and release the bra. He then firmly played with her breast, squeezing the entire breast while his thumb and forefinger squeezed the nipple. She let out a moan of pure ecstasy. She had never felt lust like she did right now. She wanted this man to take her, to truly fuck her, not make love to her gently. She needed him inside of her.

He then undid the skirt she was wearing and let it fall to the floor. He teasingly ran his hand up and down her body, still pinning her to the wall and holding both of her hands over her head. She felt his hand start down to her pussy, and she knew it was wetter than ever before. He felt the moisture through her panties.

"Your pussy is nice and wet!"

All she could do was moan in anticipation. He slid her panties aside and started to rub her clit. She was shaking with lust and needed to orgasm. He started rubbing harder and faster, kissing her deeply. She loved having him play with her clit while he kissed her. He started to kiss her neck while rubbing her clit faster and faster. She moaned again.

"Ohhh!"

"I am going to make you cum right now."

"I'm cumming! I'm cumming!"

She had the most powerful orgasm of her life right then. This stranger had just made her orgasm with his fingers and left her feeling weak in the knees. She was truly lost in lust. All she knew was that she wanted to have this man inside of her, wanted to be his ... his ... slut. The thought took her by surprise. She had never felt this way before. She had never felt the animal lust and passion to be taken and treated like a sex object. 

He quickly took off the rest of her clothes. Taking her by the arm he brought her to the bed and pushed her down on her back with her legs over the edge of the bed. He knelt down in front of her, between her legs. He kissed the inside of her thigh. He was intoxicated by the pleasant smell of her pussy. She felt his lips on her thigh and it felt incredible. She felt him slowly kissing his way up her leg. She normally needed a minute after orgasm to recoup before this kind of attention, but she was ready for him. She felt his tongue circle her outer lips, then she felt him lick just the inside of her lips and around her clit.

"That feels so good!"

When he finally started on her clit, she moaned. She had never had two orgasms so close together before, but she knew this stranger was going to make her have another in seconds. He reached around her legs and started to play with one of her nipples at the same time he started to suck on her clit. He then took his other hand and plunged two fingers deep inside of her. She could feel him play with her nipple with one, penetrating her with two fingers from the other hand, and relentlessly sucking and licking her clit with his talented tongue. It was too much for her.

"You're going to make me cum!"

She put both hands on his head and ground her throbbing pussy onto his face. She felt the orgasm starting. It rolled through her body with such power that it made her lose any control she had left. This stranger was making her have a second orgasm in a matter of minutes. She was totally lost in the moment. She moaned in complete ecstasy.

"Eat my pussy!"

He responded by perfectly timing the squeeze of her nipple, thrusting of the fingers, and the sucking of her clit. 

"I'm cumming! I'm cumming!"

The orgasm seamed to last forever. It was so intense. He kept up the pressure throughout. Tasting her wetness and feeling her trembling body. 

She was completely lost in the moment. Her mind and body were on sensory overload. She knew she would do absolutely anything this man asked her to do. She normally was a one orgasm lover, but he had just made her have two within fifteen minutes of coming to his room. This stranger that she had just met less then than an hour ago, had not only made her have two intense orgasms so quickly, she knew she wanted to have another! She needed him inside of her. It was not just that she wanted him; she needed to have his member inside of her trembling body. She needed to feel him, to be taken by him, to be ravished by his throbbing tool.

He started kissing his way up her body, up her stomach, on each nipple, up to her throat. He finally kissed her mouth. She could smell and taste herself on him. Normally this was a turn off, but in her current state, it was incredibly erotic. She licked his face and chin, and sucked all of herself off of his face.

He pulled her up off of the bed so their bodies were facing each other. He put his hand on her chin and made her look him in the eyes.

"I'm going to fuck you now and make you mine."

She watched glossy eyed as he undid his belt. She watched as he let his pants fall to the ground. When he finally took off his underwear she was fixated on his cock, almost hypnotized. It was larger than any she had ever had before and was absolutely rock hard. She had to feel that thing inside of her. He turned her around and pushed her on to the bed.

"Get on your knees so I can fuck you from behind."

She complied without hesitation. She could not wait for him to penetrate her. She needed to feel him inside of her, filling her, taking her. She felt the head of his dick rub around the outside of her pussy lips and then felt the head penetrate her. She tried to push back on him, wanting him all the way inside of her, but he pulled out and in a low controlling voice he said, "Tell me what you want."

"I want to feel you inside of me." 

He again rubbed her aching pussy with his throbbing dick, inserting just the head before pulling out. This teasing, controlling act was driving her beyond crazy with anticipation. She wanted to feel his dick thrusting deep inside of her. She would do anything to feel him.

This time he said a little bit louder, "Tell me what you need!"

By this time she was so worked up that she needed to be treated like a sex object, to be taken, to be made his women.

She was so lustful that she was pleading with him. "Please fuck me ... make me yours!"

He plunged deep inside of her. She felt his dick sliding into her and she was amazed at how full it made her feel. He started to fuck her hard and fast. They were beyond starting slow and building it up, both knew what they wanted, what they needed. She arched her back just a little bit to allow his dick to hit her G spot with each thrust. It was absolutely overwhelming! She reached down with one hand and started to rub her clit while his member got her G spot. He grabbed her hair and pulled her head back hard. It hurt a little bit at first, but she was so lost in the moment that it just made her more willing. He timed each pull of her hair with each thrust. She was beyond caring about being the proper shy girl. She needed this.

"Fuck me harder," she moaned without thought, "Fuck me."

"Your pussy feels so good." 

It did not take long, not even ten minutes, but she knew she would orgasm for a third time!

"You're going to make me cum again!"

He felt it too. He knew he could not last any longer. He had never felt this much passion before, never known this much lust. He felt the orgasm starting and knew he was as the point of no return.

"I'm cumming," he yelled. 

He felt it start deep within him and felt his cum shoot out of his dick with more force than ever before. Wave after wave of cum shot into her waiting pussy. It was so intense that it left his legs shaking and weak. He was left barely able to stand.

She could feel the force of his cum shooting inside of her. Knowing that this stranger just filled her with cum put her into such lustful state that she had her third orgasm of the evening.

"I'm Cumming!" She practically screamed it. 

She was in complete bliss. She had never felt this way, so satisfied, so complete, so much like a woman.

They both collapsed on the bed. 

He had never felt so much passion and lust, had never had so much desire to control a women. He had never felt like such a man. He knew that he was never going to see this woman again, but he also knew that she would never be far from his thoughts.

He looked her in the eye and said simply, "You're amazing!"

She looked at this man lying next to her in awe. He had just made her wildest fantasies come true, had made her feel so complete and so much the woman, and he said that she was amazing! She suddenly realized that he had felt the desire to be needed and lusted after just as bad as she did. She wanted to do something more for him. Something she had never thought about before. The thought came to her and made her feel a little slutty, but she knew he would like it.

After catching their breath for just a minute she put her mouth to his ear and whispered, "You have made me feel like a woman, made me your slut, and given me a night I will never forget ... now I want to do something for you."

With that she gently licked his ear and down his neck. She kept going until she was sucking on his nipple. She looked him in the eye and with no hint of shyness said, "I am going to make you cum again ... but this time I am going to taste it."

She continued down his body until his dick was just inches from her face. She could see he was already starting to get hard again. His cock was coated with his cum and her juices. She decided to dive in all the way and she took his semi-erect member in her mouth. She could taste herself and his cum mixed together. She had never even thought about going down on her husband after sex, but somehow this just seemed so natural. The taste of her juices and his cum mixed together was so erotic, so sexual, that she began to feel a tingling again deep inside. She felt his dick growing in her mouth as his erection became complete. He moaned in pure bliss as she slowly took every inch in her mouth. She knew that he was enjoying having her take control and wanted to make him know that she enjoyed it too. She leaned forward and put her mouth next to his ear and quietly said;

"Your dick tastes so good ... I can taste your cum and my pussy."

He just moaned in response. Then she kissed him passionately and deeply. He could taste both him and her and it turned him on even more. After the kiss she looked him in the eye and said, "I can't wait to feel you cum in my mouth!"

He could not believe how lucky he was to have such a woman doing this. As she continued to suck his dick, she was shocked to realize what she was doing. She had just met this stranger an hour ago. In that short time he had swept her off of her feet, made her have three of the most intense orgasms of her life, made her feel more like a woman than she had ever felt possible. He made her his slut, but somehow it was in no way demeaning. She never felt better about herself and had never felt more confident or wanted. She knew that he respected her all the more because she was giving herself to him so completely. And now she had his manhood in her mouth just minutes after he shot a huge load of cum into her pussy. She wanted to show him just how much she liked it.

"I can't wait to taste your cum in my mouth!"

He knew he was not going to last long. He was so turned on by this woman that it was all he could do to hold off. He had not been able to cum twice so quickly since college. He knew it was pure lust for this amazing woman that made it possible. She was like nobody he had ever known, she was doing some very dirty slutty things, but he knew it was just for him. He knew that she had never acted this way before and that she was doing it because she was just as lustful for him as he was for her! The thought put him over the edge.

"I'm going to cum"

"I want to taste it!" She was practically pleading with him.

She felt his body go stiff and went all the way down on him. She had his entire length in her mouth and felt his cum shoot with amazing force. There was so much that she could not hold it all in her mouth and she let some of it drool out back over his dick. She kept sucking him slowly until he started to relax. She still had most of his cum in her mouth and decided to put on a show for him. She tilted her head back and let him see her mouth full of his cum. Most of it stayed in her mouth, but some of it drooled around the edges and down her chin. Then she closed her mouth, smiled at him and swallowed it all down. She had never swallowed before and had refused to do so for her husband, but she found that after this evening she was ready for it. She was surprised to find that she really liked it. She loved the feeling of control and self confidence that came over her when she swallowed his load.

"I have never known a woman like you before ... nobody has ever made me feel like the man you have."
