 So I have just GOT to tell you about a series of events and encounters I've been through. I am still a bit in disbelief about them myself; seriously from time to time I have to pinch myself just to make sure I am not dreaming half the time. Go ahead laugh it up but I have never had quite the times I've had over the past few weeks with this girl.

Ok so a 'lil bit of a back-story, I met this girl on my lunch break, she was in line in front of me at the local sub shop. From behind she was pretty damned easy on the eyes: about 5' 5" or so, medium length brunette hair and hips for days!! Yeah she was a little thicker that what TV and media shows as being "drop dead gorgeous" but me, I like a woman that has a little curvature, makes it just that much better to me. And this girl, oh man she had those curves in spades! 

Here I was now standing in this line that just wasn't moving staring at this girls ass, and trying to get a view of the front of her, when some jackass in the back of the line starts mouthing off and trying to push the line forward. Yeah im sure you all know what happened from there. I ended up getting pushed right up into her backside, partial hard-on and all. 

"I'm so sorry Miss", I said doing my best to hide my embarrassment that here I am pressed up against her with a rapidly growing "semi".

"It's OK", she replied with a sly smile "Not much that can be done about it with some prick pushing from behind" 

Oh my god what a beautiful face to go with everything else, full lips, soft green eyes, and what a smile.

"Yeah, um you don't say," I managed to croak as she wiggled her hips for a moment smiling at me the whole time.

"Carissa," she said offering her hand up over her shoulder "pleased to meat you"

"Jon" I replied, as I took the hand and got an eyeful of some of the most voluminous cleavage I've seen, making the aforementioned "semi" now a full fledged hard-on

"I can tell the pleasure is yours as well" 

My only reply was a sheepish grin and an innocent shrug of my shoulders. I mean hell here I was caught with my dick pressed up against this beautiful curvy woman and she knew it was because of her.

We passed the next 10 minutes idly chatting about our jobs and lives (she worked as an administrative assistant for an architecture firm across from the sub shop, was in between relationships, oh and did I mention she was STACKED!!!) as the line slowly snaked its way towards the counter. By the time we reached the counter we were flirting and laughing back and forth pretty well. 

As she placed her order and I placed mine I thought, Well that was fun, wish I could see this lady outside of this, oh well ill probably never run into her again but its been fun. Little did I know how wrong I would turn out to be.

Carissa waved goodbye after paying for her sandwich and walking out of the shop, I looked at the cashier and noted his eyes trailing her ass as she walked away and couldn't suppress a quick laugh of camaraderie in that aspect.

"I can't blame ya kid" I laughed as he turned red getting caught, "I was staring the whole time we were in line together, how much for the sandwich?"

"Umm she paid for yours sir" the kid said with a confused look on his face. "She also said to give you this," as he handed me a note written on a napkin.

"I'm out at 5:00, 10 minutes wasn't enough for you im sure. I'll be in the restaurant across the street until 6, at the bar. If you want to finish what we started at lunch come find me"

Well the rest of my day was pretty much a daze. Every time something came across my desk or a call came in all I was thinking about was that ass and those breasts. Listen im a boob guy, tried and true, and honestly what she was showing was damn worth it and would keep anyone distracted from their work. Im out at 5:30 and that couldn't come fast enough.

Well I ended up having to stay later than I wanted (left the office at 5:45), but thank god the restaurant was only 10 minutes away from the office. I made it to the restaurant and was walking in the front door just as she was leaving.

"Well, well, well. Looks like you made it after all," she said with a bit of a sardonic laugh. "I was wondering if that little punk gave you my note"

"Oh he most certainly did," I laughed trying so hard not to stare down her neckline. "I was just held up at the office longer than I wanted to be. I swear I was praying to anyone who would listen you were still going to be here!"

"Oh, really, Now were you praying for me not to leave, or for these not to?" she laughed while she cradled one arm under those magnificent breasts lifting them up and deepening the cleavage.

"Ummm ... both, or rather all 3"

"Oh well at least you are forward enough to admit it. Lets get back inside for a bit then" she tittered, grabbing my arm and pulling me close as we walked back into the bar area.

We ordered a few appetizers and cocktails once we were seated back at the bar. And the conversation began seemingly innocent enough, but as a few rounds passed became much more risqué as we both upped the ante on the flirtation.

Right about the 4th round or so Carissa had gotten up to use the women's room and when she returned she had quite the devilish smirk going on. Now being a bit tipsy myself I thought nothing too much of it, until she reached over to grab one of my pot-stickers, that is when I realized she had removed her bra!

Now here I am almost choking as I can see straight down that beautiful creamy curving expanse of skin, right to the start of what I surmise can only be some of the largest, but so gorgeously pale pink areoles I have run into. At this moment all that exists are those twin expanses of beauty, hell I even chalked up the tightening of my pants to that view. That is until the tightening began to be caressing.

"I can tell this view is as good to you as the rear view huh," she whispered into my ears, the manipulations or her palm and fingers alternating between soft and slow and hard and just below the painful threshold. "What say we remove ourselves to somewhere that can be taken care of," punctuated by one last tug on my now painfully erect dick.

"Pay the tab and let's go and take care of that" she said making sure to move in such a way as to show a full view of one of her large raspberry sized nipples.

I quickly got the bartender's attention grabbed the check (not even seeing what the total was but I know I dropped a hundred down sure that was enough plus tip) and followed Carissa out the door.

Once out front she caught me up in one hell of a passionate kiss, soft and yielding but with just enough force behind it to show you what you a re in for , if ya know what I mean.

"Im going to do something I don't really ever do, but you have me feeling like it's a great idea right now," she purred into my ear after breaking the kiss.

As I attempted to inquire what that was she quietly shushed me by placing her fingers across my lips, and shaking her head. Grasping my hands she led me to the park across from the restaurant. Past the open green and deeper into the light foliage and undergrowth she brought us each step heightening the anticipation of what was going to happen next.

After she found a suitable (well I can only imagine what it was to her) spot she released my hands and turned around placing her hands on my chest. Then she slowly dragged them towards my waist applying soft pressure the entire way down. 

By now I was far too gone to stop anything from happening and reached forward to cup one of those tantalizing orbs through her low cut shirt. Using my palm to caress the under swell while the ball of my thumb played lightly over her brazenly erect nipples, feeling the warm and arousing weight of her breast filling my hands, overflowing around my palms and the soft yet subtle resistance of all that flesh adding to the persistent pressure in my groin.

A soft whimper escaped her lips as she rolled her head back eyes closed, enjoying the attention being paid to her amazing breasts. A few moments passed in this way until she removed my hands from her front and smiling quite devilishly she removed that only barrier between me and those luscious globes. As the shirt raised over the slight swell of her tummy, and revealed the half moon shapes slowly but surely I could feel myself almost cumming just from the sight! Here they were and I swear they must have been at MINIMUM a triple D if not a high F! Absolutely breathtaking is all I can say, each globe had to be nearly 12 inches in diameter (think just larger than a cantaloupe here) with areolas that were at least half the front area! And the nipples, oh sweet lord, they each looked about the size of a ripe raspberry and were just paler than a peach.

Immediately I knew I had to taste of those tips, leaning in I grasped one perfect nipple between my lips while supporting the weight of that breast in my hands, flicking my tongue across the subtle ridges and bumps of the outlying areola while still paying attention to those wonderful nubs at the tips. Moans of passionate excitement were escaping her lips letting me know my ministrations were well received. Not wanting the other to feel left out I switched my attention to the other twin beauty, while still rolling and caressing the previously suckled nipple between thumb and forefinger, occasionally pulling lightly just to keep the sensations going.

Apparently my technique was well received as she pushed my head away from her breast, pulled me to her face and kissed me passionately. As she broke the kiss one hand travelled down my midsection to my belt which she deftly unbuckled, quickly followed by unbuttoning and unzipping my pants.

As her hand plunged into my pants grasping my swollen cock she breathed into my ear "Now let me show you how you made me feel"

With that she slid to her knees between my legs and started to lick and kiss around the head, slow long licks along the venous underside and lingering kisses around the glans. As she would lick down her hand would caress in an upward motion and vice versa. She kept at it like this for a few minutes before surprising me by licking all the way from the base to the tip, and then swallowing my shaft in one fell swoop!!! Now im not the biggest guy out there (id say about average length of just under 6" with a decent girth), but wow to have a woman just take it all in like that... pure ecstasy!! 

She stayed down there for a few glorious seconds, my quivering shaft lodged nicely in the back of her warm and inviting throat. 

"Oh my god," she gasped as she released her hold on my member and came up for air. "I haven't done that in forever" She continued stroking the length of my shaft slowly all the way from the base up to the head and wrapping her slickened hand around the head before beginning the down stroke. 

I felt the tell tale stirrings as I felt my self nearing release. "If you continue in that manner, you are going to be in a sticky situation" I quipped trying to keep control for as long as I could.

"Well this will make it that much stickier then" she said as she slid closer holding one breast in either hand, and wrapped them around my saliva slickened cock. As she squeezed them together around my shaft and started to slowly slide them up and down trapped between the most fuckable pair of tits ever. 

Oh my god, oh my god, was all that was going through my mind as this absolute beauty tittyfucked me here in the twilight at the park. I let slip small moans of absolute pleasure as her tongue flicked across my swollen purple head each time she revealed it on the down thrust of her breasts. The sight of that as my swollen cock was nestled in that cleavage was getting to be too much as I felt my balls start to tighten up and my head swell up even more.

"Oh shit! Im gonna cum!" I managed to gasp out.

No sooner did those words pass my lips then Carissa released me from between her breasts and grasped me by the base of my almost ready to explode shaft. Pointing it towards her inviting lips and flicking her tongue around the underside of the shaft and head she said, "I want to be covered, I want to taste it and feel it all over me! Can you do that for me? Will you cover me in that cum?"

With that type of talk I could hold back no longer, as she began a slow jerking of my cock I released one of the most momentous blasts I have released in my life. The first shot hit her with a loud splat right across the side of the nose, reaching from the side of her nostril up to her hairline. She guided the next rope across her lips and the other side of her cheek. The third and fourth she took in her open mouth, most of it making it in the remainder leaving streaks across her chin and dripping onto her cleavage. The final few spurts she rubbed against her cheeks and neck thoroughly coating her from the eye line down. 

As I regained my breath and saw her there looking for all the world like a wanton pornstar released on the world I couldn't help but remain partially erect watching as she let the sticky ropes of cum slide down her cheeks and chin, catching some of the pools with her tongue and letting others coalesce in her ample cleavage.

"So I see you are still ready" she said putting her shirt back on but leaving small traces of myself on her face. "Back to my place for continued treatment and turnabout?"

Well of course, I did....

We arrived at her apartment after a blur of a half an hour drive, the whole time filled with glances of pure animalistic hunger and laughter and levity over the whole situation. Me laughing because, well here I am just some guy who can't believe his sheer dumb luck at having this type of encounter, and her cracking jokes about the feeling of drying cum and wet panties.

As we made her way through the front door of her building, I swear I saw quite the lewd smile on the older woman we passed on the way in. "That's Mrs. Alster, she lives on the 1st floor, I think she used to be a 'dancer' if you catch my drift" she giggled as we walked up the 2 flights of stairs to her apartment. 

The 30 seconds it took for Carissa to fumble around for her keys and unlock the door felt like an eternity, as all I could think about was getting her inside and naked. It was sheer willpower alone that kept me from taking her right there in the hallway, and I swear she knew it too from the way she kept "missing" the lock with the key.

"I hope you have better aim than I do," she teased as she finally got the key in the lock and opened the door. 

Walking in right behind her, I pulled the door closed with one arm as I reached for her with the other. No sooner did the door click shut than my mouth found hers, both of us passionately devouring each other through the kiss. Pulling her tighter to me as my hands roamed freely down her back to cup her ample rear curves as well, lifting her slightly into the kiss more.

Reluctantly she broke the embrace sliding backwards deeper into the apartment itself. Crooking her finger towards me and beckoning me to follow. Stepping towards her I noted the open layout of what I can assume was her living room, nice overstuffed armchair and matching couch, TV on one wall, and what I can only assume was modern art prints on the other. My eyes came back to her to see her lifting her shirt off, releasing her breasts to my view again. Immediately I knew I had to take her here and now, and we would not be making it any further into the apartment just yet.

In the two steps it took me to reach her, I knew that first I had to return the favor she did for me in the park. Cupping one of her breasts and rolling my finger across her nipple as I gently nibbled on her neck I led her towards the armchair. As her legs bumped up against it I steadied her with my arm in the small of her back sliding my fingers into her waistband as well. Moving from nibbling her neck, I planted soft kisses across her collarbone and down the center of her chest occasionally licking to heighten the sensation. As I licked around the raised ripple of the areola just grazing her nipples, she moaned slightly and started to push out her hips towards me. Wrapping my lip fully around her nipple after teasing let out a much deeper intake of breath letting me know I was doing something right.

As I moved from one breast and nipple and kissing and licking my way to the other I ran my free hand up the inside of her thigh, gently applying pressure as I rose higher. Feeling the heat emanating from the joining of her thighs I knew she must be as hot as I was. I slowly started to unbutton her tight fitting jeans as my hand in the small of her back crept lower and I found out she wasn't wearing any panties either!

The surprise of that must have showed as she giggled and moaned, "I took those off in the bar as well, they are in my purse, maybe if you're a 'good boy' ill let you see them on me later"

Well that just renewed my fire for her, as I had now fully unbuttoned her jeans. Hooking both thumbs onto the waist of them, I pulled them down off her hips and over that amazingly firm but plump ass. As the material cleared her thighs and went lower down her legs I was greeted by the lovely sight of her (I assume) freshly shaven cleft. Her lips were plump from excitement and glistening with sheen of wetness. The musky smell of her mons was more than I could take. I moved her into a reclining position on the armchair and started licking her thighs, slowly tracing my name with my tongue moving oh so slowly towards that dewy treasure.

After a few more moments of teasing her and feeling her writhe and push her cleft closer to my questing mouth, I knew I had to feast on her. Starting by planting kisses all across her moist outer lips, first up one side moving towards her button but always, always, just passing over it and down the other side and reversing the pattern. Kisses gave way after a few moments to long licks along the inner edges of her lips with a stab of the tongue into the opening just to keep her guessing. 

Finally feeling her tremble and moan, I knew she couldn't take any more teasing. I placed my tongue at the bottom of her slit and licked slowly but deeply all the way to her fully erect clit. As my tongue made its way across that sensitive nerve bundle I decided on a whim to wrap my lips around it and suckle it as I had done to her nipples. From the way her legs clamped down on my head and the shriek of pleasure she let out I knew I was onto a good idea here. I released her button and licked back through her folds just to keep her guessing as to what would come next. I pulled her hips out a little further to allow for easier access, and went back to work. 

With the new angle I had I returned to licking around her clit in alternating circles punctuated by moments of suckling it as well. Smiling devilishly as I looked up at the ecstasy on Carissa's face I knew I had to bring her over the edge soon or she may pass out. So as I went back to licking on her button I slowly brought my right hand up towards where my lips and tongue were working. Alternating between licking and sucking allowed me to be able to wet my fingers. One of which I slowly started to insert into her as I pulled her clit into my lips and swirled my tongue around it. The sensation of not only that but my finger sliding inside of her and caressing the pleasure center just inside was too much for her to take.

"OH MY GOD!!!! DON'T STOP!!! IM CUMMING!!!" she shrieked. And I swear the entire building heard that.

Pushing my luck further than I am wont to do I removed my questing finger from the warm confines of her now pulsating pussy and on pure whimsy started to trace it around the outer edge of her rear entrance. Her sharp intake of breath almost made me stop until I realized she was pushing back into the pressure from my finger. Emboldened by this I continued to lick her overflowing pussy while moving from just rubbing my finger around the rim of her ass to slowly inserting it into her ass. As the tip of my finger entered past the edge and deeper into her ass she moaned and pushed her hips out to match the pressure coaxing me wordlessly to go further and push that finger deeper. 
