 It was a beautiful, sunny Friday afternoon. 

I was standing outside my building, waiting for my buddy to pick me up, as we were going to shoot nine holes of golf. 

While I stood there, I heard the sound of heels on the sidewalk coming in my direction. 

I glanced over, and saw an incredibly attractive, young lady. 

Blonde hair, great body, and legs that wouldn't quit. 

She was wearing a loose, white blouse, and very short black skirt, that was snug against her shapely hips. 

Her blonde hair cascaded down over her shoulders, and framed her beautiful, tanned face. 

She didn't appear to be wearing much makeup, either. Just a natural look about her. 

Given that the shades I was wearing, were somewhat mirrored, I was able to stare, without looking like I was staring. 

She was much younger than me, as I was forty-seven. But still, I was allowed to look. 

At least that's what I thought. 

I was a bit surprised, when she seemed to look in my direction and a bit of a smile came to her face. 

It was even more of a surprise when she slowed her pace a bit, as she approached where I was standing. 

"Nice day for golf," she said, out of the blue. 

I pretended to just notice her, for some dumb reason, and smiled back. "It is stellar, isn't it?" 

"Is this building five-twenty," she gestured behind me towards my building. 

"No, it's five-ten," I replied. "Five-twenty is probably that one over there," I gestured across the intersecting street. 

"Oh, great," she said as she glanced over her shoulder. "Thanks very much. Enjoy your game." 

"I think that's highly unlikely," I said with a nod of my head. "But I thank you, anyways." 

She smiled broadly at that comment, and I swear my heart melted a bit. 

Then, she gave me a short wave, and turned to head across the street. As she walked, I stared right at her backside. 

The skirt she was wearing was incredibly tight, and she swayed her hips with every step she took. 

That, I thought to myself. Is a woman who knows how good she looks, and doesn't mind showing it off. I heartily approve. 

I was taken aback when she glanced back over her shoulder. However, she still seemed to have a smile on her face. 

Just then, my buddy's minivan rounded the corner. I could see he had his head turned to watch as the young blonde walked away. 

He pulled up in front of me, and finally glanced over at me through the open window in the passenger door. 

"Did you see that," he asked with a smile. 

"Am I blind," I replied with a chuckle as I hoisted up my clubs and pull-cart and headed to the back. 

My buddy and I chatted about the young blonde for a bit, as we headed to the course. We hooked up with another friend there, and played our nine holes. 

Afterwards, my buddy drove me back to my place, and was going to come upstairs for a drink. 

Just as he pulled up to the spot he'd picked me up at a few hours ago, I saw her again on the sidewalk on the opposite side of the street. 

"Eyes left," I gestured with head to my buddy. "It's her again." 

My buddy took a moment to admire the view, as I got out of the van. 

I hoisted my clubs and pull-cart out of the back, and my buddy joined me and picked up the cart. 

As I hoisted up my clubs, and got up onto the sidewalk, I noticed that the young blonde, was just cutting across the street to the side my buddy and I were on. 

As she got to the sidewalk, she paused as she glanced in our direction. 

She gave a short wave, which I returned. Then, she held out her hand, and gave a 'thumbs up'. 

I took that as her way of asking if gold had gone well. 

So, I smiled and shook my head, and extended a 'thumbs down'. 

She moved her body in such a way, that I think she laughed a bit. Then, she gave another short wave, and turned to go on her way. 

My buddy was up at my place for about an hour. We had a drink, and a few smokes, as we watched some golf, and a ball-game. 

When he got up to leave, I went to the fridge and pulled out a container of some leftovers. 

He graciously thanked me, and said we'd talk over the weekend, and to book golf again for the following Friday. 

Saturday was another gorgeous day. I was up bright and early, and set about my routine. 

Shower, clean the bathroom, run a vacuum through the place, do some dusting. 

Then, it was off to the grocery store. 

When I got back, I began preparing a tomato sauce. Once it was in the pot, and simmering away, I washed up the food processor, and then set about my next task. 

Cleaning the balcony. 

I headed out with some soapy water, a sponge, and a cloth, and went to work on the table and chairs before I got to the wide ledge of the balcony itself. 

It was only around ten-thirty, but there was some action down below. 

I was about half-way through the balcony ledge cleaning, when I saw something to my right that caught my attention. 

Holy shit, I thought to myself. That's her again! 

And it was. The same young blonde from the day before. Dressed differently, but it was definitely her. 

Today, she was wearing a pink tank-top, and very short shorts. A pair of sandals on her feet, and her hair tied back in a pony tail. 

I could see the ties of a bikini top at the back of her neck. 

I would love to see that in a bikini, my 'dirty old man' brain thought. 

She was about exactly opposite to me on the other side of the street, when she stopped, and seemed to be looking in my direction. 

I pretended to keep clearing the balcony ledge, but there was no denying it. She was looking in my direction. She even pulled her sunglasses down a bit. 

As I moved to begin on the section that had me facing in her direction, I pretended to just glance up and notice her. 

She gave me a smile, and a short wave, which I returned. She lingered for another moment, then pushed her shades back up, and went on her way. 

There was still that great wiggle about her, as she walked, and I took a deep breath as I watched her. 

I had headed back inside, and continued with my day's chores. 

With golf on TV, I was in the kitchen, fixing up a lasagna. When that was done, and in the fridge, and the dishes cleaned, it was now time for leisure. 

So, I headed out for a rollerblade. 

As I went along, my mind kept coming back to the young blonde. How cool would it be to pull up at the beach I usually stopped at, to see her there? 

I figured the odds were low. And, as it turned out, she was not at the beach I stopped at. 

The visuals that were there were still nice though. 

After a few hours of sitting on the beach, being a dirty old man, but not overtly so, I had gotten back home. 

I put shit away, and wasn't ready for dinner yet, so I poured myself a glass of wine, grabbed my cigarettes and headed out onto the balcony. 

Ostensibly, it was to grab some more sun, which was still beaming away, but in truth, it was to take in any potential visuals. 

Even though I had the table, and chairs, I hoisted myself up onto the ledge, which was wide enough for me to sit on without worry of toppling off. 

I lit myself a smoke, and took a deep drag and exhaled slowly. 

Fifteen minutes later, it was another 'holy shit' moment. 

Across the intersecting street, there she was again. 

The young blonde was just turning the corner, as she talked on her phone. She didn't seem to be in the best of moods. 

She stood about directly parallel to me again, and then hung up her phone, and tossed it into her tote bag. 

Then, she fumbled about in her tote, and pulled out a pack of cigarettes, and sat down on the brick wall that lined the yard of the building opposite. 

She was just about to light her cigarette, when she paused, and seemed to be looking in my direction. 

A smile, and a short wave followed. 

I smiled and returned the wave with a toast of my wine glass. 

A moment later, and she was across the street, on the sidewalk that ran alongside my building. 

She told me she'd just bailed on her friend, because, in her words 'her friend's boyfriend was being an asshole', and she relayed that she was stuck, because her mother wasn't going to be able to pick her up for several more hours. 

I was a bit taken aback by that comment. Why she needed to wait for her mother to pick her up confused me. 

Still, not being an idiot, I offered that she could wait at my place. 

A few moments later, I was downstairs letting her into the building. 

"Amanda, by the way," she said, as I let her into my apartment. 

"Patrick," I replied with a nod. "Pleasure to finally be on a first name basis." 

She laughed, and I swear my heart melted a bit. 

Amanda had produced a bottle of wine from her tote bag. 

"I was supposed to have dinner at my friend's, and I brought this," she explained. "But with the shit going down, I just had to get out of there." 

I had poured Amanda a glass of wine, from the bottle that was already open, and we were out on the balcony. 

She sat in one of the chairs, while I hoisted myself back up on to the ledge. 

The chit-chat began. 

I learned that she was twenty-three. She had just moved to this town a few months ago with her mother, after her mother's divorce was finalized. 

Amanda did not have kind words for her father. 

Nor, did she have kind words for her friend's boyfriend. 

Amanda related, a nice day at the beach was ruined by him being 'overly protective'. 

"Sure," Amanda said, as she lit herself a smoke. "If a guy is being an ass, jump in and be gallant. Otherwise, men are allowed to look." 

"I'm glad you think that way," I replied with a chuckle. "Because I do like to look." 

Amanda had picked up her wine glass, and extended her index finger at me, with a smile. "But I bet you're not an ass about it." 

I assured her I was not. 

A refill of wine had happened, and we were getting along good. 

I had also found out the reason Amanda needed to wait for her mother. 

An issue with the security system, only left them with one key for access. Amanda's mother had it, and Amanda couldn't get back in, unless her mother was with her. 

Amanda also continued to 'man-bash' a bit, but not so much that it made me uncomfortable. 

Everything she said, I more or less agreed with. 

"No offense, Pat," she said with a sigh. "But why are men such assholes?" 

I sighed. "No one knows, sweetie," I was surprised, that I called her sweetie, but I continued on regardless. "But we are. At the very least that's enabled florist and jewelers to become the multi-billion dollar industries that they are." 

Amanda cocked her head a bit at that last comment. "How so?" 

I swung my leg that had been up on the ledge down, and turned to face her. "Consider. If you're a florist or a jeweler, you've got three big days. Christmas, Valentine's Day, and Mother's Day, right?" 

Amanda nodded. 

"Other than that, you're waiting on birthdays, or anniversaries," I continued. "You could reduce overhead by only being open one day a week to take orders for those." 

Amanda took a sip of her wine, and nodded, then leaned forward a bit. "I got you." 

"But," I went on. "They're open pretty much every day of the year. And, why?" 

Amanda shrugged. 

"Because, at any given moment, a florist or a jeweler KNOWS some guy is going to come walking in looking for an atonement purchase." 

Amanda chuckled a bit. 

"How can I help you sir," I said in a haughty voice. "Um," now my voice was that of a regretful husband or boyfriend. "What have you got that says 'I'm sorry I fucked your mother'?" 

That made Amanda actually laugh out loud. She even covered her face with her hand. 

I was bit surprised that she was so amused by that, and it even looked like she was blushing a bit. 

When her laughter subsided, Amanda sighed. "Oh, god," she finally said with a chuckle. Then she glanced back at me. "You get it, don't you?" 

"Hey," I shrugged. "I'm forty-seven, and single. If you get to this point, and can't even figure it out, you should just walk into traffic." 

Amanda chuckled again. "The thing is," she said. "You don't seem like that kind of guy." 

"I have had my moments in the past," I said, and then sighed as I pulled leg back up onto the ledge. "But, for the most part, no." 

"No," Amanda said, matter-of-factly. "You're not an asshole. Hell you haven't even asked me to take of my shirt and shorts, and sit here in my bikini." 

Even though earlier in the day, I had thought that I would love to see Amanda in her bikini, it didn't take me long to respond. 

"While I'm sure you look outstanding in your bikini," I said with a smile. "I consider myself honored just to have you here." 

Amanda beamed a smile at me. "You're sweet." 

I bowed my head. "Thank you." 

Amanda leaned back in the chair. "Although, I'm almost a bit offended that you haven't asked to see me in my bikini. Or, even made a pass at me, yet." 

My heart was going like a jack-hammer, but my response was incredibly calm. "Maybe I'm pacing myself." 

Amanda gave me a coy smile. Then, she stood up, and peeled of her tank-top. 

My contact lenses almost popped out of my eyes when I saw how small her bikini top was, and how it barely held in her very nice, round tits. 

Amanda tossed her shirt onto the table, and then turned her back, and began to peel off her shorts. 

It wasn't a thong, but it was close as you could get to it without being a thong. And, Amanda's ass was just perfect. Round, and firm, and curvy where it needed to be. 

The kind of ass, I would tell my buddy 'you could bounce a quarter off of it'. 

Amanda stepped out of her shorts and extended her arms to the side, and gave a spin. 

She ended up facing me, and smiled. "You like?" 

Somehow, I maintained a calm demeanor, even though I felt flush, and just this side of having a stroke. 

"Not too shabby," I said, with a nod. 

Amanda put her hands on her hips and gave me a bit of a playful look. "Not too shabby enough to finally have you make a pass at me?" 

As blown away as I was, I still managed to maintain a calm air about myself. I just shrugged, and for some reason made a slurping sound. 

"That's what I like to hear, babe," Amanda said as she reached for her glass and took another sip of wine. 

Amanda then turned and opened the screen door, and paused before heading inside. 

"The first time I saw you," she said, slyly. "All I thought was, I would love to sit on that handsome face and cum all over it." 

My heart was going a mile a minute, and I was surprised that my jaw wasn't on the floor of the balcony. 

Amanda reached back, and undid the back of her bikini top, as she smiled at me. 

"Are you coming, babe," she asked. 

Again, my response did not betray how freaked out I was. "I think I just did. And," I added. "I'm just waiting to see if I'm actually having a stroke." 

Amanda chuckled, and tossed her bikini top at me. "Wait till you see me totally naked, and have me sitting on your face." 

A few moments later, Amanda and I were both naked, and on my bed. 

I was on my back, and she had straddled herself over my face. 

"Do it, babe," Amanda almost growled at me, as she pushed her pussy down onto my face. 

I gave a long, deep lick, and her lips opened up, and Amanda moaned loudly. 

She rocked herself back and forth, slowly, as my tongue licked around, and into her pussy. 

I was amazed at how wet Amanda's pussy was, as I happily, and hungrily lapped it all up. 

As Amanda ground herself down onto my face a bit more, I began to lick at her clit, and then took it into my mouth, and sucked on it softly. 

"Shit," Amanda hissed. "Oh, that is SO fucking good!" 

Amanda squeezed her thighs against the sides of my face, as the first orgasm hit her. I could feel her cum coating my chin, as I kept working my mouth on her clit. 

"Yes," Amanda practically shrieked. She gripped the back of my head and rocked herself back and forth with more force, as another orgasm went through her. 

Amanda began squirting cum over my chin and neck, as she wailed her approval. 

She continued to rock herself back and forth. "You're making me cum so good," she moaned. "Lick it all up, babe!" 

I released Amanda's clit from my lips, and began to lick around her lips, as I gobbled up the moistness. 

"Yes," Amanda hissed. She now lightly bounced herself up and down on my face. Each time she pushed herself down, more of her cum shot forth, into my waiting mouth. 

"Fuck, yes," Amanda moaned, loudly, as she drove herself down onto me, and lingered for a moment. She released her grip on my head, and then quickly removed herself from my face. 

I took a deep breath, as Amanda quickly shifted her position, and she straddled herself over my cock. 

With her back to me, Amanda guided my cock up inside of her. 

We both moaned loudly as she lowered herself down onto me. Amanda's pussy enveloped my cock warmly, as she got into a rhythm, rocking herself back and forth. 

I reached my hands down, and grabbed Amanda's hips, as I admired her beautiful ass, as she continued to ride me. 

Amanda quickened her pace, and grunted that she was cumming again. I felt her bathe my cock with another shot of her cum. 

Amanda glanced back over her shoulder. "Let me know when you're close," she panted. "I want to take it in my mouth." 

I just smiled and nodded. 

I had no concept of how much longer it took, I was so lost in the moment. Mesmerized by Amanda's sexy ass while she rode me. Admiring the way her blonde hair cascaded down her tanned back. 

But, I was close. When I told Amanda, she quickly got off of me, and an instant later, she had her mouth wrapped around my cock. 

She bobbed her head back and forth a few times, and I groaned loudly, as I began to cum in her mouth. 

Amanda moaned her approval, as she hungrily sucked every bit of cum out of me, and swallowed it without a second thought. 

When she was done, Amanda took one last slow suck of my cock, and then let it fall from her mouth. 

She got up onto her knees, and sat there for a moment with a contented smile on her face. 

Then, she looked at me and beamed a bigger smile. "That was good!" 

I chuckled. "I agree." 

We had both hopped into the shower, and had soaped each other off. When we first got in there, Amanda took some water into her mouth, and swished it around. After spitting it out, she turned and gave me a big kiss. 

"I figured you probably didn't want to taste yourself," she giggled. "Personally, I love the taste." 

After we got out of the shower, I wrapped a towel around my waist, and checked on dinner, while Amanda checked her phone. 

As I pulled the lasagna out of the oven, I glanced over and saw Amanda in the living room, clutching a towel to her chest, as she tapped away on her phone. 

"Oh shit," she whispered. She tapped a few more times, then raised the phone to her ear. 

Not wanting to eavesdrop, I went about my business with the lasagna, but I did hear Amanda say 'so you're done', and then 'okay, I'll be on the street'. 

I had just slid the lasagna back into the oven, uncovered now, when Amanda came up from behind me, and wrapped her arms around me. 

"I'm going to have to take a rain check on dinner, babe," she said, with a tinge of regret in her voice. 

I turned to face her, and smiled. "That's fine," I said. 

She smiled and kissed me. 

Amanda was finishing up getting dressed, and was in the bathroom, running a brush through her hair, while I was in the kitchen, putting a portion of lasagna into a container. 

Amanda smiled sweetly, and thanked me when I presented it to her. 

"I'll call you," she said after one more kiss, and she headed out the door. 
