 Hope you enjoy the story. Please feel free to leave a comment and remember to vote. Enjoy!

It started off as a harmless afternoon as I was just starting to clean around the apartment. My fiancé had left on a weeklong business trip, and it was only the halfway point. After about five minutes of straightening up the apartment I was done for every other day that week I had cleaned up do to boredom. It was a lousy day outside so I decided to skip my daily run after work, and just chill killing time watching whatever was playing on cable. After about another half an hour of channel surfing I decided I should probably start preparing so food for yet another lonely dinner.

I didn't think that this business trip would have this kind of effect on me because I wasn't the clingy type. Actually I relish my freedom; however, when there is nothing to do my fiancés company was always there. I slowly made my way over to our tiny kitchen when I heard my cell phone ring over in the living room. I bolted over to the phone hoping that she was done for the day and would like to chat the rest of the afternoon and night. Yes I was that bored I was willing to listen of girl talk for hours on end.

When I looked at the caller ID on the phone I saw my buddy Frank's name appear. This was unexpected as Frank and I went our separate ways after college when we took jobs in different states. Answering the phone we quickly began talking where we left off in college, which football team was better. You see Frank was a huge Packers fan, while I was always loyal to my home team of Detroit. Anyway after a little argument of which team was going to do better this upcoming season Frank asked what I was doing that night. It turned out that Frank took a new job, and was now based in Detroit and lived only a few blocks away from me.

Frank and I had agreed to meet up later at a local bar later to drink some beers and talk about the good old days. I quickly put together a little snack to hold me off till I was supposed to meet Frank. Since I had nothing else to do that night I went back to channel surfing until 7pm. I took a brief shower and changed into some of my old bar hopping clothes not wanting my regular work clothes and coat to get all smoky.

Around 7:45 that night I was out the door and heading to the Drowning Horse Salon. It was only a fifteen-minute walk from my apartment, and even though it was still rather early the bar was starting to fill up quite nicely. Opening the door I immediately saw Frank. He was a big man at 6 feet 4 inches tall, and he was usually always by the woman bartender flirting with them.

I walked over slowly looking around since I had never been in this particular bar before. There was nothing really special about the bar that I could notice and wondered why Frank picked this bar. Frank always had a motive when picking the bars when we were back in college, and usually it was because of an all female staff. The quick survey that I did showed that more than half the staff was male, and the female staff wasn't the prettiest we have ever seen.

I shrugged my shoulders and moved towards Frank at the bar who had finally spotted me and motioned me over. I noticed Frank was having his usual Gin and Tonic some things never change. We quickly caught up on the old times, and talked about what we were now doing career wise, and even continued are argument about which football team was going to do better. About an hour into talking Frank and I moved from the bar to a table, which was strange but he said tonight was karaoke night and didn't want to miss the show.

At the table we continued are argument with Frank saying that this was Farve's final year, and was going to hold nothing back, while I countered with the amazing wideouts that the Lions had finally with a Quarterback with decent experience. The drinks kept flowing as I was now on my fifth pint, which would not have been a problem in college but since I have been out of practice for a while I was starting to really feel it. Motioning over to the waitress I noticed that the bar had really filled up as the karaoke had begun to start. It was then that I figured out why Frank had picked this bar. It was filled mainly with college girls, and they were dressed to kill.

I looked at Frank and gave him the nice pick look and he just smiled back. About an hour later the place was packed and I am sure breaking fire code. Since Frank and I had gotten there early we had the big center table all to ourselves, and as the girls kept drinking they were having a harder and harder time standing. One by one they started sitting down at our table without asking and continued to sing along to the music and drink. After fifteen minutes our table was packed with the finest college girls in the bar.

This is probably because they are used to getting anything they want based on their looks, while the other girls were to polite not to mention if Frank didn't think they were hot enough he would tell them that the seat was taken. Frank and I started talking less and less as the table filled up and his attention was diverted to the young ladies. I started more and more just to zone out and sip my beer listening to the music as Frank was now had his utter and total attention on the young ladies.

I figured I would just finish my beer and call it a night, for I knew Frank wouldn't care with his newly acquired company. I shook my head thinking that indeed some things would never change. I have to admit I was a little jealous since my bachelor days were over. I finished my beer with a big gulp when another was put in front of me. I looked over to where it came from, and it was one of the girls who had come to our table first.

"You looked thirsty and in need of another drink," she stated trying to drum up a conversation.

"Thanks but I am already drowning," I quickly retorted.

She laughed at what she must have thought as a joke on the name of the bar, and I snickered right afterward partially due to my present buzzed state. I figured what the hell can't let a beer go to waste so I accepted it.

"So I haven't seen you here before where you from," the girl asked while drunkenly smiling at me.

"I live down the street and me and my buddy wanted to hang out tonight. This is the first time we have been to this bar," I politely replied while nursing my beer.

She looked over at Frank to whom I had pointed, and looked back at me raising her eyebrows. She then began to laugh again for what seemed like no apparent reason. I was a little flustered by the laughing not being included on what was so funny. I could feel anger building in me thinking that she was laughing at me.

"RIGHT... never been here before. I see Frank here every Wednesday night. He is such a horn ball, but most of the girls like him," she said while continuing to chuckle.

"That would be Frank all right," I replied as the anger that was building up in me subsided now knowing that Frank was a usual here.

"So how do you know Frank," the girl inquired.

"Frank and I go way back to when we were freshman in college. We were roommates back at the University of Norte Dame," I admitted to her.

"And then you both transferred here," the girl in quizzically inquired trying to find out more.

"Oh no. We both graduated from Norte Dame two years ago, and took jobs in separate states. I moved up here while he took a job in California, and he was transferred here and we decided to catch up on old times tonight," I began to pour out feeling the affects of the beer more and more as time went by.

"REALLY... Frank told us he was a transfer student majoring in business," the girl blurted out.

I had a concerned look on my face as soon as she said that realizing I had just blown my best buddies lie. Though it didn't seem to concern this girl all too much as though she suspected something all along. Frank had started to bald a little bit, which did show his age a bit though I am sure he had another lie for that.

"So what do you do for work," she asked.

"Well Frank and I did both major in business and I now work for General Motors," I answered.

"General Motors wow... I am trying to get an internship with them this summer but it is really competitive you know," the girl enthusiastically replied.

"Really what is your major," I asked enjoying the small talk with this girl.

"Well I am also majoring in business though I will have a minor in inter design. I am planning to graduate this summer after I meet my internship requirement for my program. I cannot wait for the internship," the girl gushed while taking another sip of her mixed drink.

We continued our conversation about majoring business and the possible job outlook. She seemed to hang on every word and advice I had for her while we continued to drink. About three rounds later I was starting to really feel the affects of the alcohol as I started to slur my speech a little.

"Hey what do you say we get out of here want to walk me home," she asked as she started to get up.

"Sure," was my only reply figuring that she probably shouldn't walk home alone not picking up on the situation.

During the walk home we continued talking and shifted our discussion to the future and what it held for us along with our hopes and dreams. Some how I managed not to talk about my fiancé whether on accident or purpose I don't know. Just then I tripped over something and fell forward into her. We both figured that it would probably be safer if we finished the rest of the trip holding on to each other.

It started off innocent as we both held each other around the shoulders. Traveling like this for a bit my arm started to tire, and shank lower and lower till it was around her waist close to her ass. She responded by moving her arm too till she grabbed a quick feel of my ass and then patted it. We stumbled to her apartment as we continued smacking each other's ass.

Outside her door she turned around and smiled at me. The dim lantern hanging next to the solid oak door softly lighted her face, and she seemed to glow with radiance from it. I couldn't help but to be intoxicated by the situation and found myself being drawn to her. We both leaned closer as if there was some invisible force pushing us together. Slowly leaning in for the inevitable kiss I closed my eyes not able to bare witness.

Our mouths met with a soft tender kiss for the first time, which was repeated over and over as our breathing quickened. As our passionate kisses continued I could no longer fight the urge to wrap my hands around her tiny waist. She quickly did the same, as we pulled even closer to each other. The soft tender kisses soon turned into a hot intense lip-wrestling match with an occasional tongue exploring each other's mouths. My hands were now rubbing her back with brief grabs of her soft voluptuous butt. Every time I did this a little moan would escape from her lips.

Stopping to get air I knew that I must stop, but my body seemed to betray me. She quickly opened the door and pulled me in by the shirt before I was able to escape, not that I wanted to. We made our way further into her apartment doing a passionate make out dance. Since we were not looking at where we were going in her dark apartment I soon tripped and tumbled onto her couch. She giggled as I let out a sudden shout, and she then dropped on top of me continuing to give me tender kisses.

I felt my shirt slowing rising over my body until it reached under my arms. She slowly moved down my chest slowly kissing every inch of me. She stopped at each nipple and sucked gently on each finishing with a quick flick of her tongue. I pushed my pelvis against her with every flick of her tongue. I could feel my breath quicken as my mind hazed over as she moved lower towards my manhood. The sensations were shooting down my spine as she expertly worked over my stomach and down to my jeans.

The next feeling was her hot breath as she slowly slid down my zipper to my khakis with her teeth. I could then feel her hot breath move closer to my aching member as she pushed forward snaking her tongue through my boxers finally reaching my penis. She slowly licked up and down and then sucked it in her mouth while pulling back forcing my penis to follow out of my jeans.

"Mmmm...that's better," she cooed as she went back down on my penis slowly inching down on the crown.

I was squirming on the couch as her tongue withered around the underside of my shaft as she bobbed up and down on my cock. She kept going faster and farther down and it wasn't long till she had my all the way in her mouth. I knew I couldn't last to much longer as I started to thrust into her mouth and pushing some of my penis into her throat. She just swallowed as her throat clinched around my cock.

"OHHHH...YESSS," I screamed as I started pulsing into her mouth after a few more swallows.

She quickly swallowed my load, and went back to work on my penis trying to get the flaccid member back to working condition. While slowly licking my spent cock she undid the button to my khakis, and then momentarily stopped to rip off my pants along with my boxers. Standing up she pulled her shirt over her head and pulled off her skirt. I could only marvel at the beauty standing before me. I figured she was probably barely 21 with 36D breasts and a killer ass that reviled J. Lo's famous booty. I instantly became hard as she swayed her hips while slowly turning around giving me an erotic strip tease as she slowly undid the clasp to her bra.

Looking back she giggled as the bra slowly slid off her shoulders and was only held on her body by the perkiness of her lovely breasts. I started slowly stroking my cock as she teased me by slowly pushing down her black silk panties. She bit her lip and let go of her panties to fully remove the bra. Slowly she turned to face me as I received my first full look at her supple breasts with tiny quarter sized puffy nipples. Seductively she swayed her hips as she again walked over to me and straddled my body.

"Will you be my stallion," she whispered in my ear while nibbling as she ground her panties against my crotch.

"YESSS," I hissed out unable to control myself from thrusting up to meet her. The silk panties felt like heaven rubbing against my bare member.

Instead of getting up to remove her panties she slid them to the one size, and in one quick motion guided my aching penis into her warm tight tunnel. I grabbed the back of her ass while pushing in the entire length of my penis. I was about halfway in when she pushed my hands away from her ass and started to ride me for all she was worth. I had to fight the urge to grab her and flip her over as she rode me slowly at first. After about a solid two minutes of her slowly riding me she began to pick up the pace.

"Is this old horse already broken or does it still have a little fight in it," she breathed out heavily.

I needed no further encouragement as I began to thrust up with all my might as she bounced on my cock. I started angling my thrusts to give her better stimulation, which seemed to work as after the fifth thrust her pussy gripped my cock like a vise.

"OOOOHHHH GGGAAAAAWWDDDD," she roared as the climax ripped over her body.

Her juiced flowed over my penis, which was still buried in her womb. She recollected herself and slowly started riding again. I felt myself getting worked up while I watched her breasts jiggle as she slowly went up and down on my shaft. I felt the familiar ache in my balls, and I knew I wasn't going to last too much longer.

"Almost there baby.... keep going," I slowly managed to say while thrusting into her. "YESSSS....KEEP GOING....YESSSS....OUCH."

I was about to cum until she twisted my nipples hard. I was shocked at first, but after the shock wore off I was suddenly more aroused as my penis seemed to get bigger and harder.

"Wait for me honey. I want us to cum in at the same time," she hissed while starting to pick up the pace.

She came down as I felt her breasts hit my chest as she continued to gyrate her hips with my thrusting. She every couple of thrusts she would throw in a little side to side wiggle as her second orgasm built up. I could feel my balls starting to ache again knowing that my own orgasm was soon to come. She reached back with her left hand and cupped my balls.

"Yessss.... Do it, spill your seed into my womb," she hissed in my ear while slowly stroking my balls. "Fill me with it. Make a baby in me."

I couldn't help it as I gave one final thrust and screamed. Her dirty talk had pushed me over the edge, and I came deep within her. My penis pulsed as I filled her with my semen, which sent her over the edge as I felt her pussy grip my pulsing penis and milk every last drop of cum out of me. We must have past out after that for the next thing I remember was waking up with her on top of me.

I looked at the clock on her VCR which read 2:23 A.M.. I was groggy but in a total state of bliss. I looked at her slowly breathing in a deep sleep. It was then that it hit me that I cheated on my fiancée. I felt bad but knew there was nothing I could do to change the past. I slowly rolled her to one side so I could pull myself up. I was just going to leave and forget about the whole event when I looked back at her. It was then I decided I would never forget this incredible night, and went back to give her a kiss.

Kissing her forehead I slowly removed her cum stained panties as a reminder of tonight. I quietly left her sleeping on the couch as I made my way back to my apartment. It was late but I stayed awake long enough to hide the panties and take a quick shower. My fiancée came back later that week, and we made to most passionate love since we had been together. I was secretly imagining her as the young girl I met at the bar.

We are now married, and I think back to that night almost every time we make love knowing that I will never get caught screaming out her name for I never once asked that night. Frank and I still hang out every once and awhile, but it wasn't till one year later that we returned to that bar again. Frank noticed my huge grin as we walked in for a night of Karaoke, and asked what that was about. My only reply was "I Love this bar!"