 As I stood at the desk looking out at all the people standing around talking and working out, I thought back to my morning at work. What a morning it was, two complaints that I had to deal with and one rather silly man trying it on, mind he was nice looking but that is beside the point and of course the boss with her snotty way of looking down her nose at me, how I would love to flatten her nose!

The door bell sounded as another person walked in ready for a session of working out, I could see him walking up to the desk, so I turned around to do something on the computer as someone else dealt with him, I was not in the mood for customers. I could sense his eyes burning a hole in the back of my head, the feeling was strange, I looked up and there he was looking straight at me, his dark eyes seemed to look right inside of me, I blushed and he smiled a smile so warm and friendly, WOW I thought what a smile, he paid his money and was gone as quick as he had come, I watched him walk down the corridor to the changing area and into the door and he was gone. 

I had looked at my watch and it was time for my shift to end and I was ready for a relaxing sauna, I could not wait so I logged off the computer, put my files away and headed off towards the changing rooms, if nothing else I had wonderful perks with the job, a free sauna at any time I needed it and that day believe me I needed it.

I was alone, just me, myself and my thoughts, as I closed my eyes and slowly drifted off, the heat from the sauna was so relaxing and I felt the troubles of the day slowly release from my body. As I lay there I heard the door open and someone enter, I could not be bothered to open my eyes I just lay there, in my own little world happy and stress free,

“I hope you don't mind,”

I shot upright, It was the sound of a male, I could not believe it as this sauna was for females only, I held my towel tight around my body,

“This is a female only area sir” I replied,

“I know, but I just felt the need to talk to you, I saw you enter and I hope you don't mine? I can leave if you wish.” 

I looked up at him suddenly realising whom it was, it was the fellow from earlier on with the dark eyes and hair, I felt a fluttering in my stomach and it was not the first time I had felt this feeling, I felt it when he first smiled at me at the desk, I looked deep into his eyes and saw no threat there, I could not believe what I was hearing come out of my mouth but I said it and to this day I still cannot believe it.

“No, I don't mind, feel free, I could do with the company." 

He walked over to me and sat down, I could see his muscles his body so firm and tanned, just a small towel around his waist, I smiled at him and he returned it and with his hand he brushed my hair out of my face, his touch was soft and tender and once again the tingling returned to my stomach and my body ached, for his touch all over. I could not believe the feelings I was experiencing, next thing I knew he was kissing me his tongue probing inside my mouth and in response to that I was returning the kiss, tongues dancing and my hands on his chest, the sweat rolling down his torso, my hands sliding all over while his hands are on my legs. Slowly I lay down with him there right on top of me just our towels separating our bodies.

His hands slid down my legs and up over my stomach and then feeling my chest, the towel now on the floor and his was soon to follow, two naked bodies locked in passion his tongue moving down my neck and down between my breasts licking all the way down, I grabbed his hair and rolled him over, my tongue sliding down his body tasting the salt and the sweat from the heat of the room, my hands rubbing his chest as my tongue slid all the way down to his navel, bodies twisting and turning fitting together like two pieces of a jigsaw, his mouth now placed into place, his tongue flicking at my clit, my hands gripping his legs feeling his muscles all tight hmmm, my mouth positioned over his hard throbbing cock.

I opened wide and allowed it to enter all the way, deep in side my mouth, I could feel it at the back of my throat, slowly I moved my mouth up and down over his aching swelling cock, I can taste it, smell it and most of all I loved it, the sucking and him finger fucking me, sweat rolling off our bodies, his one hand groping at my tits and the other spread over my wetness, his thumb in my pussy and his finger in my butt, our bodies locked together in total ecstasy.

My body started to shake as my juices started to flow, I am Cumming, the pleasure, the total experiences of it all, as I cum he starts to shake, filling my mouth and hitting the back of my throat with his hot cum, I can taste it so salty and yet so sweet all at the same time, I pull away my mouth, cum dripping down off my chin, he turns to me and licks it off and stands me up, pushing my body up against the wall his cock still swollen and wanting more.

His hands slide down and take my legs lifting me up off the floor and wrapping my legs around his waist, I feel him enter me, Oh the hardness of him, I can hardly catch my breath as he starts to pump me in and out, his ball crashing against my butt, his hands one on each cheek spreading them wide allowing his cock to thrust deeper into me, filling me completely, my hands gripping on tightly to his back, nails digging in, eyes looking deep into each others. Two hot sweaty bodies fucking, moaning and groaning as once again together we come, Slowly he released his grip on my body and slowly I regain my standing, my legs shaking after the experience and softly he kissed my forehead and once again that tingling feeling enters my stomach, I love my job I thought to my self, such perks I get!