 I was in town that week for a conference. They had me staying at one of those nice hotels downtown, within walking distance of everything; stores, clubs, restaurants. It was Tuesday afternoon and I had been able to get away from the meetings a little earlier than usual, so I decided to go walking around and see what was out there. I spent a couple of hours just meandering, looking in store windows, popping in when something looked interesting, just relaxing and enjoying the fresh air and sights of the city.

It was about 4:30 pm, and I was walking along a side street of small shops. I noticed that one of them was a lingerie store, and of course, that caught my interest. I wandered up to the window to look in at the displays. I've always liked the smaller, non-chain lingerie stores. They always seem to have a better selection of items, and the salesgirls are always far more helpful because they have a far greater interest in being successful. As I stood there looking into the store, you caught my eye. You were standing at a rack, looking very serious, trying to decide on an item. You were wearing a long black skirt with a slit up the side to your thighs, a nice leather coat under which I could see a white buttoned blouse. It was a little difficult to distinguish what sort of figure you had, but what struck me immediately was your face. You had a beautiful smile and glowing eyes. I had to get a better look.

I went into the store and pretended like I was there to do some shopping. One of the salesgirls asked if she could help me, and I told her I was just browsing. Normally, I would have struck up a conversation and possibly try to get her to model something for me after the store closed. But I was intent on you. You were over by the merry widow rack, looking at different colored ones, trying to make a decision. I moved in a roundabout way through the store, keeping my eye on you, trying to look innocent. Finally, I was near you. The smile was even better than I had thought when I first saw it through the window. And your figure was now discernible… you had shapely legs visible through the slit in the skirt, and your breasts looked full and firm, stretching the buttons on your shirt a little. I could see the outline of lace on your bra through the shirt, and the faint hint of hardness in your nipples. And you smelled divine. I wasn't sure what the perfume was, but it sent chills straight to my groin.

I moved next to you, still pretending to shop. You were now looking at a jade-green merry widow… I decided to take a chance… "That's a lovely color" I said. You looked over at me, almost annoyed, but then I noticed the look change to one of interest. "I think so too, but there are so many different ones to choose from" you answered with a smile. Your eyes were wide open behind your glasses, like you were examining me. I guess you thought I was safe.

I offered my assistance in helping you make a decision. You accepted. We talked while we looked. You told me that you were from out of town too, attending a different conference, but by coincidence staying in the same hotel as I was. You told me that you were married, but I got the impression from the way you smiled that if something interested you, you would possibly enjoy the moment. We finally decided on the jade green item… it would go well with your skin tone, I said. You went back and tried it on for fit. How I wished that I could see you in it, but you didn't offer. You came back a few minutes later and announced that it was perfect. I smiled and told you that I had wished that, since I had helped you pick it out, you would have let me help with the final decision. You smiled and told me that I shouldn't worry about that….. maybe I would get the chance to see it some other time.

I took the chance to ask what you were doing that evening, and you said that you had no plans other than grab a bite to eat and retire to your room. Funny thing, I said, those were my plans too, and frankly, they seemed to be a little boring. I proposed that we meet for drinks and dinner, and you accepted. I would meet you at 7:00 in the hotel bar, and we would take it from there. I offered to walk you back the short distance to the hotel, but you said that you had a few other errands to run, and wanted to finish them up.

I was ecstatic as I walked back to the hotel… I had met a beautiful woman who was interesting and seemed fun to be with. I stopped by the front desk and asked if there were any small, cozy restaurants near the hotel, and was told about a nice, quiet one around the corner. It sounded perfect. I returned to my room to clean up and get ready for our date.

I was in the bar at 6:45 and found a small booth in the back where I could still see the door. I ordered a martini and slowly sipped it while I was waiting for you. You arrived a little after 7; you were even more beautiful than when I had seen you at the store. You had a dark, mid-calf length skirt, which buttoned up the middle from the bottom to the top. Your blouse was silk and deep red in color. You had the top few buttons open, revealing the top swell of your breasts where they met. And it was a little snug on you, accentuating your figure. You had that wonderful smile on your face and waved when you saw me. You came over and I helped you slide into the booth, and I sat next to you……. Close, but not intrusively close. I ordered a drink for you and we talked. Just casual banter, finding out about each other, our families, where we were from, our likes and dislikes. We had another drink. Your face glowed. You seemed to inch closer to me as you readjusted yourself on the seat. Almost touching me. And then I mentioned that we still needed to go eat. We got up and headed out of the lobby onto the street.

The restaurant was just around the corner, a small dimly lit place. The hostess had my reservation, and led us to a small booth near the back. It was somewhat private, out of the mainstream of traffic. The cocktail waitress came by, took our orders with a knowing smile, and left. You removed your coat, and I could see the outline of your figure in the dim light. You had a gorgeous smile. We continued our talk from the hotel bar… telling each other about ourselves. Our drinks arrived, my martini and a Long Island iced tea for you. We sipped, looking across the glasses at each other. I saw interest in your eyes, and I hoped that you saw the same in mine. The waitress took our order, and we continued to talk.

The booth we were in had a small table and a long seat that wound around the table, so we were sitting next to each other, but not really next to each other. But I noticed that as we continued to talk and laugh at our stories, that we started to gravitate closer to each other, though the movement was not actually visible. It just seemed to be happening that way. Our food arrived and we began to eat. The meal went slowly, though that was not a bad thing. We would take small portions of our food, then talk, then eat a little more. I was fascinated by the way you would take the food to your mouth, pause, slowly stick your tongue against it for an instant, then slowly open your lips and take the food into your mouth. I don't think that you were aware that I was staring at you doing this. I found it very erotic and stimulating, and could have watched you do that all night. By this time we were on our second round of drinks and through the course of the meal we had ended up sitting right next to each other, our legs just barely touching. 

The waitress cleared our plates and asked about dessert. We decided to share one of those decadent chocolate things, with ice cream and whipped cream on top. I could feel the warmth of your body next to me, and where our legs touched, it felt like a furnace. I watched the rise and fall of your breasts under your blouse… they looked full and firm, and stretched the buttons on your blouse with every breath. And then my concentration was broken by the arrival of the dessert. It looked almost obscene, laden with the whipped cream. I took a small spoonful and on a whim, offered it to you. You leaned forward slowly, moistening your lips with your tongue. As your mouth neared the spoon, it slowly opened, not very wide, but just wide enough. Your tongue touched at the cream and rolled on it a little, then you took the spoonful into your mouth, encasing it with your lips until it disappeared. I could see your tongue move around the spoon, maybe sensed it more than saw it, and then you opened your mouth and let me withdraw the spoon. The whole time your eyes looked directly down the spoon at me, never wavering. They were gorgeous and so enticing. I could feel a stirring in my groin and a hot flush across my body. 

You now took a spoonful for me, and I tried my best to at least duplicate what you had done. I think I did it well, for there was a sensuous smile on your face. We alternated feeding ourselves and each other, and we both started to really exaggerate our actions in taking the spoon into our mouths. You seemed to concentrate more on taking the spoon into your mouth to clean it off, whereas I concentrated more on cleaning the spoon slowly with my tongue outside my mouth. Our legs were now pressing hard against each other, and I was definitely aroused.

We order some after dinner drinks. I innocently placed my hand on your leg, to see what sort of reaction it would cause. You smiled, and seemed to adjust yourself closer to me. MMmmmmmm I could sense that maybe things were going well. As we talked, I would move my hand a little bit, not in any general direction, but just along the top of your thigh. It felt wonderful through the skirt. You shifted and excused yourself, saying you had to go to the restroom. I watched as you walked away, admiring the movement of your body as you walked across the floor. When you came back, it seemed to me that the buttons on your skirt were opened higher than they had been originally; they seemed to be opened to at least the middle of your thighs. And the smile on your face was delicious. You sat down even closer to me and sort of leaned against my shoulder. You said that you were having a wonderful time, and hoped that the evening would never end. I agreed.

I placed my hand back down on your thigh, and started to slowly rub you back and forth. I could feel the skirt open a little with each movement of my hand, confirming that more buttons were now open. I felt you place your hand on top of mine and squeeze it lightly, then slowly direct it towards the open front of your skirt. As my hand reached the opening, you withdrew yours and leaned back on the seat, and more against me. You sighed, and I could sense the relaxing of your body. My hand slipped inside your skirt, and now moved along the smoothness of your leg. I could feel your hose as my hands now caressed your thigh, moving up and down along it lightly. I could sense your legs moving apart slightly. And it was very warm under your skirt. 

As this was going on, the waitress returned to see how we were doing. With a knowing glance in your direction, I think she knew exactly how things were going. She smiled that sort of knowing smile, somewhere between I know what you are doing and I wish that I were doing it too. I asked her for another round of after-dinner drinks; she said "are you sure you really need them?" I smiled, and told her that we didn't need them, but that we just wanted to have something to sip on while we talked. Again, she gave me that knowing smile, and walked away. She was very pretty, with a firm body, long reddish hair, freckles along the top of her chest…….. but that might be another story.

My hand continued to wander along your thigh, reaching the top of your hose. As I moved it around a little more, I could feel the garter strap which held it up. You were full of surprises tonight. Your bare skin was velvety smooth and very warm to my touch. As my hand move higher along your thigh and closer to your womanhood, I noticed that your breathing was becoming a little deeper, with an occasional moan of satisfaction. My hand and fingers continued upward, encountering no resistance, until finally, I noticed a change in the feel of your skin. I had moved off your thigh and was now touching the skin of your lower belly. Could my hands be deceiving me?? You were not wearing any panties. Did you remove them when you went to the restroom, or had you never had any on at all? That was not important now. I moved my hand back down your thigh and proceeded to use my fingers, lightly scratching against your skin as they moved along.

I continued with this, slowly moving up and down your thigh. I noticed a little movement from you; you shifted a little in your seat. I felt your hand on my thigh, and you proceeded to lightly rub me; down to my knee and then back up to midway along my thigh, then back down again. The result was almost immediate. I could feel my cock slowly start to swell in my pants with each movement of your hand, until it was rock hard and straining against my pants. I think you sensed that, because you moved your hand so that it brushed against it. You sighed and shuddered, and leaned into me, looking up at me. I looked deeply into your beautiful blue eyes, leaned down and met your lips with mine. Our kiss started with our lips barely touching, very little pressure. I could feel the heat of your body against me. Then we pressed harder into each other, our lips exerting more pressure, and then our lips parted, and our tongues met. We began to slowly explore each other's mouth, our tongues intertwining with each other. The inside of your mouth was wet and hot and delicious. We kissed for what seemed like hours, never coming up for air.

Finally we broke apart, both of us out of breath. We looked at each other, and I asked if you would like to leave, to go somewhere else? You said yes, anywhere, please………

We sat back up straight and separated. You looked like you had regained your breath. I motioned for the waitress and asked for our bill. She smiled, and left to get it. When she returned, I noticed that she was very attentive to us, looking us both over, but seeming to linger over you. Was she noticing that your hard nipples were now visible through your tight blouse; did she see the red flush on your face? She smiled at us and told us to enjoy, and to feel free to return whenever we wanted, the sooner the better. She said that her name was Barbara, and to ask for her if we came back. I smiled and told her that I would do just that.

We got up from the table and I helped you with your coat. As you put it on, you leaned back into me; I could smell your perfume, feel you in my arms. We walked out into the street and headed back to our hotel. It was about 11 pm. It was a cool, clear night, and the city seemed alive. I held you against me as we walked. We entered the lobby and headed towards the elevators. I asked if you wanted to return to your room or go to mine. I was on the 15th floor, and you were on the 40th. You said that you wanted to go to your room, that the view would be far better. We entered the elevator and were alone as the doors closed. You turned to me and fell into my arms. We kissed deeply and passionately, this time our hands exploring the other's body. I unbuttoned your coat and slipped my hands inside, cupping your breasts and rubbing them. They were firm and full, the nipples hard under my fingers. Your hands went to my pants and rubbed against my still hard cock. I moved my hands down to your waist and then behind you, cupping your ass cheeks. You pressed against me as I put your back against the wall of the elevator, and I lifted you. I could feel your legs come off the ground and then grip around my waist, our kiss not faltering at all. I pressed hard against you so that you could feel the hardness of my cock against your pelvis. And then the bell rang, announcing that we had reached our floor. We once again broke apart, straightened our clothes, and walked to your room, holding each other tightly.

You opened your door and we walked in. You had a large room with a king size bed, couch, desk, a couple of chairs and a large window that looked out over the city. The lights in the room were dim, and you had left the radio turned on. The soft music wafted through the room. The door closed behind us and you were immediately in my arms again. Our kiss was even more passionate than before; we held each other very tight, our bodies melting together. We broke apart after what seemed an eternity. We removed our coats and walked over to the window. The view was spectacular. We could see the lights of the entire city below us. The hotel was horseshoe shaped, and we were in the center part. We could see the rooms facing us from the two sides, but they did not really obstruct our view. I took you into my arms again as we stood by the window. The desk was next to and partially in front of the window.

We began to kiss again, and this time our hands sought out each other's body. I ran my hands down your shoulders and back to your waist and ass, taking your cheeks in hand and massaging them. Our lips remained locked together, forming a passage for our tongues. My hands moved back to your shoulders and then to the front of your blouse. I began to unbutton it, one at a time, and then let it fall off your arms to the floor. I could see that you were wearing the merry widow you had purchased that afternoon. I saw the full roundness of your breasts straining to be released from it. You, at the same time, returned the favor and had unbuttoned my shirt, kissing my chest as each button opened, until finally, it too fell to the floor. I reached behind you and undid your skirt, letting it fall. I saw that I had not been mistaken in the restaurant; you wore a garter belt with no panties. You reached down and undid my belt, then my zipper, then lowered my pants around my ankles, and I kicked them off. We were still standing in front of the window, with the dim lights behind us, and the thought that somebody might be watching us added that much more excitement to the moment.

You lowered my shorts, and I stood naked before you, my hard cock sticking out in front of me, throbbing with anticipation. Without a word, you slowly pushed me to the desk and had me sit on the edge, then put my one foot up on the window sill. You pulled a chair over and sat in front of me, gazing at my cock. I watched as your head slowly moved towards me until I could feel your hot breath on the tip. You placed your hand on my shaft and lifted it, so that your mouth now had free access to the underside of my shaft and my balls. I could feel more than see your tongue snake out of your luscious lips, and then slowly start to lick my balls. The feeling was exquisite. You used just the tip of it, moving around them, one at a time. Then your tongue moved along the bottom of my shaft, from bottom to top and then back again. I leaned back on the desk and a moan escaped from my lips. You continued this wonderful action for many minutes, driving me insane. In one of my brief moments of lucidity, I looked out the window at the lights of the city. What a turn-on; your tongue on my cock, and the whole city below us. I glanced at the wings of the hotel, and saw that we had a small audience. I could see a woman across from us and on the floor above us standing at her window, staring straight at me. I could see a smile on her face as she watched; I waved at her and she waved back, but she did not leave the window. As far as I could tell, she was alone. It was hard to tell what she was wearing, but it looked like a teddy.

I told you that we had an audience. You looked up at me as your tongue snaked along my cock to the tip once more, you smiled, and then as you reached the tip, your mouth opened and you slid the head of my cock into your mouth, slowly engulfing it until you had my entire hardness swallowed. The sensation was so intense and sudden that it was all I could do to keep from cumming right then and there. Your mouth was hot and wet, and I could feel your tongue washing my cock as you moved your mouth up and down the shaft. With each stroke you increased your speed, your fingers now playing with my balls and teasing at my asshole. I knew that I was closing in on my orgasm. I glanced up to see if our audience was still there, and she was. She had moved a chair to the window, and was sitting there with her feet spread wide apart, and I could see that she had her hands between her thighs, playing with her pussy. I told you about her, and in one motion you swallowed me completely, deep down your throat. This threw me over the edge and I started to explode, the hot cum that had been boiling in my balls now shooting along my shaft and out against the back of your throat. I could feel you sucking as the cum shot out, milking my cock, draining it. It was all I could do to keep from falling off the desk from the intense orgasm. I thought I would not stop shooting into your mouth. And you continued to suck on me, getting every drop of cum that you could. I lay back on the desk, drained, feeling you licking my cock and balls clean.
