 We are at an elegant cocktail party. The people there are all successful, intelligent, well-dressed. We don't know each other, but for some reason, our gazes lock across a long distance. Our eyes bore into each other's souls and it is as if we instantly know all about each other. I unhurriedly cross the room and without a word, take a firm grip on your upper arm, leading you to a secluded, dark corner of the house. We are all alone. Our eyes have not parted since they first locked on. I press you back against the wall, my hips pinning you to it, our faces inches apart. Still no words. No words are needed. We understand each other's desires. I deliberately raise my right hand and run the backs of my fingers carefully and slowly up and down over your nipple. I feel it already erect through the thin material of your gown. 

My lips curl into a faint smile as I continue looking down at you. My fingers and thumb caress your nipple, then grip it, testing its firmness and resilience. Your lips part slightly and a faint, breathy gasp escapes. You say nothing, but your eyes convey a silent message: "Yes." I pinch harder, increasing the pressure slowly, compressing your thick, turgid nipple. I see the pain in your eyes, but I also see there acquiescence and submission. I continue until you moan softly, and then let my hand slide away. I am surprised to see your eyes blaze briefly, telling me not to stop. I smile slightly, once again grasp your upper arm, and say, "Come." I lead you out to my car and help you into the passenger's seat. We are totally silent during the short ride to my house.

Once inside, I lead you to my plush living room and sit down in my big easy chair, leaving you standing. Soft music, Mozart, is playing in the background. I cross one leg over the other and say quietly, "Strip." You hesitate only for a moment, but now you see this as a time for you to be in control. Slowly, sinuously, you undulate as you allow the gown to slip over your shoulders and pool at your feet. Only your thong panties remain as you stand proudly before me and detect a slight catching of my breath as your large, full breasts and long, prominent nipples come into view.

Regaining control, I lead you to the bedroom and instruct you to lie on your back on the silk-sheeted bed. Without being told, you stretch your arms high above your head, one hand grasping the other wrist. You part your legs slightly and lie there enticingly, confident in your lush sexuality. I stand by the side of the bed and undo my belt, sliding it out from the belt loops of my pants. I dangle the shiny leather tip over your breasts, letting it graze each of your nipples. Then I place it lengthwise across your breasts and begin to undress while looking down at you. 

I take my time, moving methodically, first to undo my ornate cufflinks. I walk unhurriedly to the dresser and set them down neatly. Then I walk back to the bed, standing there, my eyes drinking in your voluptuous body, the belt draped erotically and suggestively across your breasts. I take my time unbuttoning my shirt, slipping it off my shoulders. Bare above the waist, I turn and walk to the closet to hang the shirt neatly on a hanger. Back at the side of the bed again, I see your eyes caressing my bare skin as I meticulously unfasten my slacks, lower the zipper, and slide them down off my legs. Again, I walk to the closet and hang them neatly. 

Standing now by the side of the bed wearing only my thin, silk underwear, I see you squirm slightly as your eyes fasten on the obvious contours of my rampant cock and walnut-sized balls beneath the sheer material. The tip of your tongue slides in a sensuous circle around your lips. I lower the briefs and finally stand naked before you, feet apart, hands on hips, cock erect and twitching slightly.

I see in your eyes what you want, but my face is forbidding. A silent question crosses your face, but I remain aloof. You know I want something of you, demand something of you. Finally, you understand. You lift the belt slowly off your breasts and extend it toward me. I take the belt and smile down at you as you lie back down, hands behind your head, back slightly arched upward. You spread your legs very wide, looking up at me, your body open and vulnerable, but a challenge playing about in your eyes.

You have given me what I want, so there is no need for the leather belt. I let it drop from my hand and sit on the bed next to you. I reach down with my right hand, place it behind your head, and draw you upward, meeting you halfway when my lips connect with yours. At precisely the same moment, I close my big left hand on your pussy, covering it, taking it, possessing it. Just holding you that way, I kiss you with increasing warmth and fervor, my lips moving and caressing yours, pressing into their softness, my tongue burrowing into your mouth to intertwine with yours. The heat of your pussy warms my hand. 

I hold you like this for long moments, reveling in your kiss, becoming aroused by the seeping of fluids from your pussy onto my hand. I lower you to the bed, my lips not leaving yours until your head makes contact, and then move downward, positioning myself by your left hip.

I look into your eyes and see both curiosity and anticipation. I squeeze your pussy firmly and smile as you exhale a small sigh. I slip two fingers slowly into your smooth, slippery opening, pleased at the wet heat that surrounds them. You close your eyes and concentrate on the gentle caress of my fingers along the velvety walls of your cunt. I explore you, touching you all over, twisting my wrist from side to side. With my palm facing upward and my fingers curled, I stroke the upper surface searching for the little mound of sensitive nerves. When my fingers move over the small bump, I see your breath catch and your flat stomach suck inward. You moan and bite your lower lip. I found what I was looking for. 

Watching you carefully, I slide my fingers in and out of you, making sure to run them over your G spot with each thrust. I allow your reactions to control my movements. You tell me just how fast to move, how hard to press, how deep to thrust by your whimpers, by the expressions on your face, by the way your head thrashes from side to side, by the way your hips move to meet my fingers. 

I bring my right hand to the hard bud of your clitoris. I stroke it and watch your face. Moving my fingers from place to place on your clit, I once again gauge your reactions until I find exactly how you like best to be touched.

I work on you lovingly with both hands, the fingers of my left hand fucking you steadily and the fingers of my right hand stimulating your clit. Your face is a grimace of pleasure, your hands pluck wildly at your nipples, your body arches and twists and thrashes, and then your climax hits. You stiffen, become motionless for long seconds, and then convulse and shudder, your loud cries of passion filling the room. Your fluids gush from your pussy, covering my hand and flooding the bed. I stay with you, slowing only when your movements soften and I feel you relaxing. I move up and cover your quivering body with mine, warming you. I plant small kisses all over your face and neck and lips. I feel your chest heaving under me and your heart pounding. Your arms encircle me and I feel your nails digging into my back.

We lie like that for a long time. When your breathing has calmed, you place your hands on my shoulders and with surprising strength, turn me over onto my back. You quickly mount me, straddling my chest. You look at me smiling brightly. Your hands slide slowly down my chest and stop at my nipples. Softly, your fingers stroke my nipples. I take a deep breath, feeling the pleasure. You pinch them, roll them, twist them, watching my face closely for my reactions. You calibrate from my reactions just what I like best, just how far your fingernails can dig in before the pain becomes unpleasant for me. Through long minutes of exploration and experimentation, you become a virtuoso at stimulating my nipples. You have me moaning with pleasure, wriggling around under you. I lie there, a virtual prisoner of your exquisite ministrations. You continue for a long, long time, until I am panting and heaving.

You stop. You lift up slightly and look down between your legs. I follow your gaze. There is pool of wetness where your pussy had been on my lower stomach. You flash me a lascivious smile and slide farther down, flattening your body between my legs. You use your hands to push your lush breasts together around my rampant cock, and lie flat so that my cock is lying against my stomach cradled by your breasts. You look into my eyes, bend your head, and begin licking your juices from my belly with slow, languid laps of your tongue. I watch your tongue transferring your juices from my belly to your mouth, and watch you swallow with evident relish.

Finished, you lick your lips like a big cat and raise up a little. With your right hand, you grip my cock at its base. You use your left hand to direct your left breast and slide its long, thick, turgid nipple up and down the underside of my cock. I feel your nipple pressing into me. When you reach the Y at the point where my head joins the shaft, you rub your nipple back and forth over that ultra sensitive spot. I groan with bliss.

Now you switch to using your other breast and nipple, sliding it up and back along the length of my cock, making me hotter and hotter. You position my cock with your hand so it is standing straight up in the air, and use your other hand to roll your nipple all around the head of it, gathering my by now copious precum. Your nipple glistening with my fluids, you try to force it into the hole at the head of my cock, actually trying to fuck my hole with your nipple. The visual eroticism of this and the feel of your hard nipple burrowing into my sensitive hole make me moan loudly and arch my head back in ecstasy.

I lie there enraptured as you continue to use your nipples to caress my cock. I need to cum so badly. I rise up halfway and reach for you, but your eyes blaze instantly and I note the nearly imperceptible curling of your upper lip into a feral snarl, a warning, and I quietly lie back down. Now you push your breasts tightly together with your hands so your nipples are almost touching. You bend forward and fit my cock in between your nipples. You slide up and down my cock like that, each nipple caressing one side of my cock as you move.

The sensations become unbearable. I have to cum! Once again I reach for you, and once again you flash me that warning look. But I am beyond reasoning at this point. Crazed with lust, I take your head in my hands and jam my cock into your mouth, raping your mouth, fucking your mouth, penetrating deep into your throat. Pulling your hair, I slam your head up and down to meet my cock's upward thrusts. Vibrating with primal lust, I can think only of cumming and I use your mouth like a cunt, oblivious to whether I might be hurting you.

Then I look into your eyes and I see only triumph there. Your tongue whips wildly at the underside of my cock. Your soft lips grip the length of it tightly. Your throat contracts and clasps the spongy head of my cock when it penetrates deeply.

I cum. No, I explode in your mouth, my cock throbbing powerfully, sending spurt after spurt of hot cum splashing against the back of your mouth and trickling down your throat. I grunt and groan with the effort, every muscle in my body at rigor, every cell alive and pulsing with ecstasy. I empty my balls into your mouth. Your mouth and lips milk me dry.

I am still breathing raggedly, my heart still beating hard enough I can hear it, when you sinuously slide your way up the front of my body. You push your lips to mine and I can taste and smell my own cum as you kiss me passionately. You wriggle around on top of me as we kiss, your breasts pressed flat to my chest, your hard nipples digging into me. After a long while, you raise your head and smile down at me.

"I'm Leslie," you say.

I smile back. "Jim."