 I saw her one morning on the bus to work. She looked a little lost so I asked her if I could help. 

"Please, I don't know which stop to get off at. Today is my first day on the job and I thought I knew just where to go, but it all looks so different this morning."

"I understand, it was that way for me my first time on the bus. Where are you going? Maybe I know where you get off at." 

"22nd and Aims. I work at the Plaza Building." 

"Oh, I work there too. Just follow me."

I didn't want to let her go. She was so cute. Mid 30s, shoulder length dark brown hair, nice body, and cute little nose. Best of all, no ring! So I just started asking about her job, her life, whatever I could think of to keep the conversation going. Soon it was our stop and I led the way to the building.

"Well, here you are. I guess you don't know what time you are leaving. But if you get off about 5 there is a 5:15 bus. That's the one I usually take." 

"Thanks. I hope to see you then."

Well, I couldn't get her off my mind all day. I got out of work a little early and wandered down to the bus stop, hoping to see her again. The 4:55 bus was waiting, but she wasn't on it. So I waited for the next one. She showed up about 10 minutes later and immediately came over to me. We talked about her day until the bus came. We ended up talking the whole way home. When we got to her stop, I asked if she would like to go out tonight to celebrate her first day on the job. 

"Not tonight, I really am tired. But I would like to go out Friday night."

"I certainly understand. But how about a quick bite right now? There is a good place right down the street." I didn't really know the neighborhood that well, but it was the only thing I could think to say.

It was incredible how much I wanted her! Apparently, she felt the same way. Her leg was touching mine as we sat the cramped table. I would have complained about the seating, but it was very private and I liked being so close to her. I put my hand on her knee when I leaned forward to pour the wine. She didn't react, so I just left it there. Soon my fingers were wandering a little, mostly just rubbing her skin. It was so soft. But then I decided to get a little bolder and my hand moved up under her skirt. Then I started rubbing the skin in the inside of her thighs. 

Looking into her eyes, I could tell she both wanted me to continue and was afraid at how fast things were moving. Our conversation was faltering now, neither of us could think very well. So I took her hand and kissed it. She blushed and took a sip of her wine, a rather large sip. My hand was moving further up and began to brush her crotch. I could feel some moisture, so I knew she wanted me. I bent over the table and kissed her. Her response was so hot! Her mouth opened and she shoved her tongue was into my mouth. We kissed for what seemed like forever. My hand gave up all pretense of just rubbing her leg; it was now rubbing her pussy. Her legs parted even further and I slid a finger under her panties to find her clit. I started rubbing and flicking it. She put her head back and moaned softly. 

I told her to lift her hips. She asked why but lifted them anyway. I took both hands and slid her panties down. She looked a little embarrassed when they fell to the floor but I shoved two fingers in her pussy and started pumping. I had never done something like this before in public, but it was like I was possessed by my desire for her. She started to moan very quietly, it was obvious from the look on her face she would have liked to just let it out but had enough presence of mind to know where we were. At that moment, the waiter came to the table. I stopped pumping but didn't remove my fingers from her pussy. 

She just sat there with a wanton look on her face. I was glad the waiter left quickly; probably he could smell the sex in the air. Then I realized that he probably saw her panties on the floor. Oh well, I decided what the hell, give him a thrill. She was wearing a nice blouse; I reached over and unbuttoned the button holding her straining breasts. Then I reached around and, with a little fumbling, I unfastened her bra. I put my hand inside her blouse and moved her bra up so I could play with her nipples. So there I was, one hand inside playing with her nipples and the other pumping her pussy. This, inside a restaurant with a woman I met by chance on the bus that morning. 

I could tell this was not something she had ever done either. Suddenly, her eyes almost crossed with trying to hold her moans down. She was cumming. My fingers felt like they were gripped in a vice then she just slumped in her chair. I pulled my fingers out from beneath her clothes and buttoned her blouse back up. Then I kissed her lightly on the lips. A few minutes later, the waiter came by and I paid the check. By that time she could walk again. So we got up and walked out the door, leaving her panties as part of the tip. 

Needless to say, we spent the night together. The next morning, I called in sick. I had to. We hadn't gotten that much sleep and by the time we finished making love after the alarm went off, I just didn't have enough time to go home and change before work. Besides, I was tired and wanted to make plans for that night. Maybe we would eat in tonight.