 You finally started to come down from your orgasm and released your legs from around my head. I removed my finger from your ass, and slowly started to kiss my way up your body to your face, where our mouths found each other. You licked your cum juices from my face, and sucked my tongue into your mouth. You told me what you had been watching at the window as I licked your pussy, and how the combination of both had given you the fantastic orgasm. I looked up at the window, and saw the woman licking the cum from her breasts, being helped by her partner who was also licking her breasts and her face. I wondered if there were others watching us that we couldn't see, and thought that they were in for more treats if there were. 

I looked back at our appreciative audience and saw that they were holding up a sign which said "What room?" I looked at you, and you smiled, so I made up a sign with the room number on it and showed it to them. The woman stood up and walked from the window. Shortly, the phone rang. It was her. She thanked us for the show, and I thanked her also. She asked if we wanted some company. I relayed the request to you, and you smiled and said 'not right now, maybe in about an hour.' I knew why, and told her our answer. She chuckled, said she understood, and said that she and her friend would come visit us in an hour. In the meantime, if we didn't mind, they would continue to sit at their window. I told her that we didn't mind, and were looking forward to meeting them in person.

We stepped back and caught our breath. I needed something to drink; you said there was some wine in the refrigerator. I poured us both a glass. We sat on the desk, staring out the window, my arm around your waist, your head on my shoulder. We must have been quite a sight; me naked, you in a merry widow and garter belt, your breasts hanging free, and both of us spent. I thought it was a wonderful sight. I squeezed you and you sighed. "I'm really enjoying this" you said softly. 

I smiled. "So am I" I replied. You looked up at me, gazing deep into my eyes and I kissed you on the forehead; you were a little sweaty, and the saltiness tasted nice. I took another sip and put the glass down. You did the same. We started to kiss again, sitting there on the desk. At first, it was a soft kiss, our lips barely touching. Then it began to grow in intensity, our lips locked hard together, then our tongues probing, touching, tasting. Our hands began to again search each other's bodies; I found your tits, you found my cock. You slowly rubbed it, bringing it back to life. I squeezed your nipples and rolled them between my fingers, feeling them harden under my touch.

I slid us off the desk and gathered you in my arms. I slowly removed the merry widow so that you were completely naked before me. Our lips met again and became sealed together. I reached down and felt the slit of your pussy; it was sopping wet. I slowly turned you around and bent you over the desk. I could see your tits hanging down from your chest, slowly swaying as you moved to make yourself comfortable. You thrust your ass into the air for me so that I had a perfect view of your ass and pussy. You spread your legs as I came to you, my hard cock sticking out and searching for a home. 

I slid the head of my cock against your asshole, felt you press back against it, but it wasn't time for that yet. I slid my cock head down to your pussy and rubbed it against your lips, parting them with the tip. Before I could thrust into you, you thrust back onto me instead, impaling your pussy on my cock, burying me deep inside. What a Feeling!! So hot, so wet, so tight around my cock, drawing me deeper into you. We started a slow cadence, each of us thrusting to the other, forcing my cock as deep as it could possibly go, my balls slapping against you with each forceful thrust. I took advantage of the position and wet my finger in my mouth, then used it to tease your asshole. You moaned with every thrust and your tits were like pendulums under you, the nipples hard and erect.

I slowly inserted my finger into your ass, one joint at a time, letting you get used to it before I slipped in more of it. It wasn't long before I had the entire finger deep in your tight ass. The sight of my cock and finger inside you was exhilarating, and I started to pump faster. You reacted to the increased thrusting with your own increase in movement. The sounds of my body slapping against your ass, the sharp intake of our breath, the shortness of our breaths, the grunts with each slam of my cock into your pussy, all were adding to the extreme pleasure of the moment. I could sense an even greater increase now in our movements. 

You had reached back and were now fondling my balls. My finger and cock were moving in unison in your ass and pussy, matching stroke for stroke. I could feel the pressure of ready-to-explode cum deep in my balls. You started to cry out, your body now pushed hard back against my finger and cock, no longer moving, just forcing me as deep as possible into your pussy and ass. You were now letting out a muffled scream as I felt the cum explode from my balls, travel the length of my cock and flow deep into you. It felt hot as molten lava as it spewed out of my cock into you. I could feel the heat of your pussy as you squeezed back at my cock, milking the cum out of it. I could also feel your ass squeezing my finger, holding it inside you. We were pressed so hard together that it would have been impossible to separate us at that moment. 

You were whimpering, your body shaking with the orgasm you were experiencing. I could barely stay on my feet. You slumped down onto the desk, your head resting on your arms, your breath coming very fast, whistling over your dry lips. I leaned down onto your back, my cock still buried in your dripping pussy. We stayed like this for a while, catching both our breath and our strength. My cock started to soften and slipped out of your pussy. You felt it fall out, turned around, bent over and took it into your mouth, cleaning our mingled cum from it. Then you stood up, and we kissed again, moving your saliva mixed with our cum from your mouth to my mouth with your tongue. We then held each other tight again, our hot, panting bodies close and as one. And then there was a knock at the door. We slowly separated and I went over to look through the peep hole. It was our audience from the other room. I turned to you, and you smiled. 

"Let them cum in" you said. I opened the door.