 I was late for class this morning and I needed to get out of my apartment building fast. The elevator doors opened up and I immediately thought to myself, of course it's full, fuck me. Living on the eleventh floor meant I wasn't taking the stairs. So make a spot and squeeze in. My mind was starting to get exasperated, please nobody pass gas.

The only good thing about this was that I was the first one out as soon as we reached the first floor. Checking my watch I still had time pick up my coffee. On the first floor of the apartment building were two businesses. One was a sandwich shop that served great breakfast pastries and grab to go breakfast food.

Walking in I noticed the HELP WANTED sign in the window. I had recently lost my job and I was on the clock for the rent that would be due in a couple of months. I had come into a severance check from my last job so rent was paid for now. At least for the next couple of months. But after that I would be out of luck.

I ordered my coffee which the lady behind the counter already knew by heart how I liked it. I had been living in the building for 4 months already and was a regular customer. "You're hiring?" I asked. "We sure are. Don't tell me you're looking for work?" I politely nodded yes. "What happened to the theater job?" She asked. I suddenly realized that maybe I shouldn't tell everyone, everything.

The theater job was a job that I wanted to forget had ever happened. I quickly responded with a generic answer, "I didn't care for the jobs plus the hours weren't right with me going to school." I didn't want to say that I quit because I couldn't stand the manager. That I thought he was a real pig.

"Here's your coffee and fill this out. Drop it off when you get home from class. Now get out of here and have a good one." With those final words I had my coffee and job application in hand. I was out the door, off to my new school.

I had just moved to the area. I left my old school after completing just half the term. As soon as the Christmas break hit I checked out and moved to another city. The move put me closer to family and into a new school. I had suffered a really bad episode in my life and I couldn't stay at the old school anymore. I was nineteen, young and immature so...I ran away.

Letting go of my past was a painful process. I was punishing myself for my past and putting myself through a self-destruct phase. The person who I allowed to inflict the punishment was my old theater boss. But now I had finally had enough. I had hit bottom and it was time to put a stop to it. I had finally told him what I thought of him and his job. So, yeah he got the hint. I hadn't seen my old boss since my break down so I was finally starting to heal.

Back to today, this day flew by and I had finally made it back to my apartment building. The owner of the sandwich shop was at a table doing paperwork. As I walked in the door Mr. Lewis, the shop owner, called out to me. "David? Correct?" I immediately started walking to his table. "Yes sir, David." I responded. Mr. Lewis invited me to sit down and just like that he started the interview.

It was 1977 and looking for a job was more personal than it is today. Today to get a job at a McDonalds you have to put in an application online. Then wait for weeks and maybe get an email to come in for bullshit questions. In this day and time you actually got to speak to a real person from the beginning. Mr. Lewis knew who I was because he had seen me in his shop almost every day.

He had already spoken to the building apartment manager and had gotten a lot of information from him. He had found out that I was a freshman at the local Methodist University. That I paid my rent and utilities on time. That I was a model tenant. That meant that no one had ever complained about my unit. Mr. Lewis even spoke to the old guys that hung out in the lobby. They all told him that I was a good kid and they all enjoyed my company.

I was raised by my grandfather so being kind and talking to the old guys sitting around downstairs in the main lobby was easy for me. I was always good for a game of cards, chess, domino's or whatever they were playing at that moment. It wasn't so much that I was a great kid devoting all my free time to the aged. It was more like...I had no life.

The reason I moved was because my heart had been broken. It was broken by the person I loved and the person who was supposed to be my best friend. Some messed up shit right? I had moved to start over. Something that no nineteen year old should ever have to do at such a young age. But that's life and it was...what it was.

I was finally getting the bounce back in my step. This day was the start of it. Mr. Lewis gladly hired me but insisted that I give him a schedule of my classes. "You will go to school if you work for me young man." Mr. Lewis was firm with that order. "Yes sir." I replied instantly.

Just like that I had a job. I could keep my little efficiency apartment and keep going to school. Life was getting better.

I got myself a bike, a ten speed bike. After work if I still had energy I would take off riding around the general area of my apartment building. The apartment building had been a nice high end hotel back in the fifties and mid-sixties, it had seen its best days.

Luckily the building had been rescued and renovated in the early 70's. It was now eighteen floors of efficiency apartments with one or two larger apartments. The top penthouse apartment was now just a storage area. The people living there were mostly old people living on their retirement money or broke college kids from the three church sponsored universities located in the city.

The building was located smack dab in the middle of the downtown area. The city itself was a medium to large West Texas town. There were the assortment of eight and ten story buildings clustered in the downtown area but my apartment building towered over all of them.

After my bike ride in the evenings I would get home shower and study. If I had time to spare I would set up in my big comfy chair. Right in front of my window. I would open it up and look off into the distance. Being eleven floors up the view was something that I had never experienced before.

I had figured out how to remove the window screen so I had a clear view. The real show was watching the rain storms roll in from the distance. Watching those big dark clouds roll in was cool but the lightning dancing around in the distance was spectacular.

I was alone but I was finally feeling good about myself. Little did I know that everything was about to change. The next day I would get up and life as I knew it was about to start over for me.

I never really noticed Casey. Honestly I don't know why I had never noticed her. Casey was in her senior year of high school. She had just turned 18 and she was a tiny thing that stood all of 5ft tall. That's if she was in her shoes. I can imagine that barefoot she was 4ft 11ish. She had short, straight, natural blonde hair, almost a platinum blonde.

Casey wasn't pretty, she was beautiful, drop dead gorgeous. Funny thing about that is I don't think Casey or I knew how good she looked. She never acted like she knew. What I mean is, she wasn't conceited or stuck-up. She was quite the opposite so to me Casey was just Casey.

Let me explain. I wasn't really looking at the time. So for me, I had no clue that she looked that good. Until this one day at work. It was extremely busy that day at work and the universe decided that right at that moment, we should meet.

Casey turned left and I turned right. Boom! We ran right into each other. The sandwich order in her hand went that way and the drink order in my hand went the other way.

Yeah it was quite the scene but wait, there's more...

Both of us instantly bent down to pick up our mess at the same time. You guessed it, thud! We head butted each other. I felt the bump so I know she felt it worse. As I looked up I don't know what I was expecting but what I got was something that to this day has stuck with me all these years.

Casey had a frown on her face that let me know that I was one wrong word from a beat down of epic proportions. I should've been scared but those eyes. I grew up on a farm and lived in an isolated area before I went off to college. Never in my life had I seen green eyes. Casey had the most beautiful green eyes that to this day are the most beautiful eyes I have ever seen.

In that split second the next thing I noticed was her facial expression. Casey was pissed and I don't know why but I let out a half smirk, half laugh. This tiny thing in front of me was going to kick my ass and I, for the life of me, don't know why that made me laugh.

"Are you stupid or something!" Casey was muffling her voice so others couldn't hear. But she made sure that I heard her, very clearly. She was mad. "Open your eyes and watch where you're going and stop smiling at me!!" I couldn't stop myself. My grin grew wider as she huffed out her words.

Then she cracked the prettiest, half a smile with a half I hate you look. That smile and that look. That's when I noticed that this girl was pretty.

And that was how the universe introduced me to Casey...

We cleaned up our mess and from that moment on we started a small mini-work rivalry. Every time we worked together we would try to see who could work harder than the other. Who could be the fastest, nicest and best clerk for the customer. Mr. Lewis loved it because his customers loved it and Mr. Lewis loved him some happy customers. After a few weeks everyone started to notice something that Casey and I were oblivious too.

Casey and I liked each other. Funny thing is neither of us knew this. Everyone knew that we were starting to like each other. Everyone from our co-workers to our regular customers, they all knew this. Hell, even Mr. Lewis knew this. Everyone except us. We had no clue or at the very least I had no clue.

We started taking our breaks together. Going for walks around the block on our breaks. Talking about everything and nothing. I started to notice that Casey was pushing her way into a spot in my heart that I had always believed just did not exist. There was no spot in my heart for anyone like Casey. Not in my heart.

After all my nineteen years of life I always thought that meeting someone like Casey was irrelevant. It didn't matter. I had no place in my heart for anyone like her. Then a funny thing happened on my way to that notion. That, no way this could ever happen to me...notion.

Casey happened...

If you notice that during this long description of how I got to know Casey I have been leaving some details out? I haven't described in detail her physical appearance to you. Not yet. The reason for that is because it's something that had not registered in my mind yet. Not the details, not until that rainy afternoon.

Casey and I met up on a Sunday afternoon. I had been playing basketball at this park rec-center on the North side of town every Saturday. The next day Casey was free and I asked her if she wanted to hang out there with me. Casey knew the park. She thought it was a really nice park so we met up just to hang out.

As we walked along the pathway we kept talking about everyone's favorite two subjects. The two subjects that we all of have. You know the ones, everything and nothing. Yeah those. This went on for a while, we were so lost in conversation that we hadn't noticed the rain clouds. That would change in an instance.

It started with a slow sprinkle forcing us to notice the clouds. Looking around we knew we had to find cover. I noticed a covered picnic table area in the distance. "Let's get over there." I told Casey and we started making our way to the covered picnic table. Then the sprinkle started to turn into a steady rain. We were starting to get soaked and we knew that it was time to run.

Casey may have been short but she was quick. In a blink we were both in a steady sprint and I was amazed at how easy she kept up with my stride. Now don't get me wrong it's not like I'm some long legged freak of nature or something. At best I'm 5'9" maybe 5'10". But at that time in my life I was very athletic so running was no thing for me.

We finally made it to cover and just in time because the steady rain was now a hard rain. The sound of the rain hitting the aluminum cover over the picnic table was deafening. Casey turned to face me smiling that smile that just wouldn't quit. Looking down into those emerald eyes I noticed something that I had never noticed before.

My eyes drifted from her eyes and moved to her mouth. Casey had a set of full supple lips. For the life of me I couldn't understand why I had never noticed her lips before. Then I continued my gaze downward to her precious chin. Next I noticed how delicate, how elegant her neck looked. Finally my eyes made their way down to her tight fitting, white rain soaked blouse.

Casey, being as short as she was, had a very nice, um, ah, um, full set? She wasn't small chested nor was she top heavy. Casey had breast that any normal man could notice instantly. They were perfect, just right, they were full. But for me I was just now noticing them right at that moment, for the first time.

The cold rain had caused her nipples to stand at attention. I could see them pointing straight up. Her blouse and bra were soaked and I could see her nipples sitting on the outline of her delicate but so noticeable areolas. Having just made that steady run Casey's chest was heaving in and out slowly, in a steady rhythm.

Casey was still a step from me and looking down further her slightly tight fitting white shorts were now clinging to her hips just a bit tighter now that they were wet. Casey had a very nice bottom. Very curvy but in no way out of proportion for her height. But make no mistake this girl had curves. Her legs had perfect muscle tone and then her tiny feet. I'm sure you can see the pattern here. Casey was... perfect.

Before I could look back up to her face I felt her tiny finger on my chin. Casey lifted my face up then she got up on her tip toes. Next she grabbed my arm and pulled me down to her. Lifting her face to mine, she kissed me.

I had never felt lips like hers before. Tiny, soft and supple. I had never experienced a kiss like hers before either. In that moment I was in the arms of a vision. My mouth followed her lead and the kiss went from a small peck to game of whose mouth could conquer the others.

Next she slid her arms around my neck, pressing her tiny body to mine. Casey slipped her tongue in my mouth. As the rain fell the rest of that time was a time of discovery for both of us. I reached down, picking her up and sat her on the picnic table making her face level to mine. She parted her knees allowing me to step between her legs. Casey had her arms around my neck and I had my arms around her back.

We kissed and we kissed, oblivious to the rain and the world. I had never had an experience like this. I had told myself that this type of experience was never going to happen to me because these things were for normal people and I wasn't normal. Yet there I was. In the arms of this girl, this angel, feeling what I never thought I could ever feel.

The next thing that happened startled me but in a good way. Casey pulled her knees apart more and moved her feet behind me. Putting her heels on my hips then using her heels she pulled me into her. I hadn't even noticed myself getting hard but I was very hard.

As she pulled me in my hard-on pushed up against her. At that moment of contact we both gasped. Casey started grinding her hips into me. Slowly rolling her hips up as she pushed in. Then she would relax while slowly rolling her hips down.

Casey kept doing this in a nice, slow, steady rhythm. My hands had made their way down to her hips. My hands were now our guide. With my grip I kept Casey's pussy right where it needed to be. Making sure that I was rubbing against the spot that was making her breathe harder. Our hips were creating the perfect friction.

The feeling was too much for her. Casey leaned back placing her hands behind her on the picnic table, holding herself up. I had a firm hold of her hips and was pulling her into me as I moved my hips into her. I watched her as she let her head tilt back and her mouth drop open.

Both of us were fully clothed but make no mistake my cock was rubbing against her pussy and we were both feeling it. As I looked down between our bodies my cock was hard and laying right against Casey's pussy. My shaft was pressing and grinding on her. The shaft of my cock was perfectly between her pussy lips. I knew this because I could see the little camel toe outline that my cock had created over her wet little white shorts. My shaft was sliding up and down perfectly between them.

I continued to fuck her with our clothes on and then another new experience for me. Casey started to quiver and moan. This was new to me but I knew this meant Casey was getting off on what I was doing. Her moans were getting deeper and her quivers more frequent. Now I was embolden. I was in charge and she was at my mercy. My cock wasn't inside her but make no mistake my cock was doing its job.

Then suddenly Casey's eyes got wide, her mouth wider and she quickly threw herself into me. Her arms wrapped around my neck as she started squeezing the life out of me. Her legs locked at the ankles around my back just above my waist.

She buried her face into my neck. Casey's body started having one spasm after another. She was gasping for air as if she couldn't breathe. I could hear her whimper with each spasm and now her hands each had a handful of my hair. If she didn't regain control of herself soon I was going to lose a lot of hair.

She was having a massive orgasm and I wasn't helping to calm it down. I pushed my shaft harder against her pussy. Grinding down on her. Casey was whimpering almost crying then I heard her soft little voice in-between her whimpers. "Please...stop...please, don't move. Oh please, David, don't move." Her soft, whimpering voice was making me insane.

But, I was then and I still am one of the good guys. I knew what she was going through and I knew I had to stop.

With that I stayed perfectly still, I didn't move. But I didn't back up. I stayed pressed against her as her body slowly gave its control back to her. I felt her release her grip on my hair and her legs slowly let me go. With that I took a small step back. I leaned down and kissed her lips ever so gently.

As I slowly pulled my mouth away from her lips I paused. The combination of her tears and her saliva had created a small liquid strand that was attached to our lips. That strand connected us for that split second. Then I pulled back from the kiss completely, breaking the strand. 

Casey who's skin is as white as white can be and with this small, faint, patch of freckles that you can barely see right under her eyes and across the top part of her nose, had changed. Right at that moment the freckles could not be seen because of the color of her face. Casey's face wasn't her normal creamy white. No, at that moment her face was red. A very, very deep red.

The contrast of her red face and her nearly platinum blonde hair was a sight that I had never seen. I stood there in awe taking that sight in. But then it hit me.

I knew the feeling that Casey was having. Being so embarrassed by what your body had responded too. Almost feeling as if your very own body had betrayed you. Not being able to control your body as it sends you into a lustful bliss. Your own emotions seem to push you out. Cutting you off from being able to control yourself. Not being able to stop the rush of emotions. Not being able to control the sounds coming from your very own mouth...Yeah, I knew that feeling.
