 My heels clacked on the tiled floor of the airport. Businessmen and vacationers alike passed me by as I walked down the airport terminal. My luggage wheeled behind me as my pant suit clung ever so slightly to my hips. I was starting to worry a bit. Our flight was delayed again, and we might not make it to the conference in time.

My phone buzzed in my pocket. I bit my lip absentmindedly as I fished it out. It was a text from my associate, Jason. We'd been sent out of the office for a week to present our newest product at a national conference. It was a big deal, and we didn't have much room for error. It was one of those 'make or break' moments in your career, and the stress was really starting to get to me.

I looked down at the text. Jason had found a bar near our gate and grabbed us some seats. I let out a sigh. A drink sounded heavenly right now. I picked up my luggage and headed off towards the bar.

I'd really been dreading this trip. I wasn't one for big presentations or speeches, but for some reason upper management had decided that I'd be the one showcasing our newest product. Of course, turning down the offer would have been career suicide. The only bright side to the trip was that Jason was coming along. He was a few rungs below me on the corporate ladder, but damn was he smart. If he didn't make C-suite executive one day, then something was wrong with this world.

Plus, he was beyond attractive. Between his firm jawline and large, strong hands, it was hard to pay attention during meetings. I'd been doubly lucky, we'd started fucking a few weeks ago. It was against company policy, but it's not like we had planned it. We'd went to go grab drinks at happy hour after work one day, and one thing had led to another. Before I knew it, we were fucking almost nonstop.

My lips curled up into a smile. God he was amazing. I'd never met a man like him before. He was unbelievably smart, and so caring and attentive in bed! Just thinking about it started to drive me crazy. My pace quickened.

I wondered if maybe we'd be able to play around a bit before our flight left. Would we have time? Where would we go?

I started to get excited thinking about it. Would he even want to take the risk?

Once the thought drove itself into my head, I couldn't stop thinking about it. As I walked I felt my groin start to get hot. I couldn't help but fantasize about hooking up in some abandoned corner of the airport.

Before I'd realized it, I was standing outside of the bar. It was a fairly forgettable place, a carbon copy of the millions of bars that occupied airports all across the country. I walked in and spotted Jason immediately. He'd grabbed us a quiet booth in the corner of the fairly busy bar. He was wearing a crisp, new suit that he'd bought just for the presentation. All I could think about was how much fun it would be to slowly peel the damn thing off of him.

I felt the stares of some of the single male customers as I walked over to Jason. I smiled internally. Most of them were your typical traveling businessman. Nothing much going on besides a somewhat decent suit. I could almost taste their envy as I sat down in front of Jason. No, it took a completely different type of man to win me over.

Jason looked up from his whiskey and stared at me. His face crinkled into a warm smile that traveled up into his piercing, pale blue eyes.

"You got here fast. How are you holding up?" He asked me. His voice was deep, yet gentle and caring.

"I'm okay." I paused for a moment as I ran my fingers through my hair, "Well not that okay. I'm a bit of a wreck to be honest."

His face softened. I wondered if he could hear the worry in my voice. He reached over and held my right hand in his left one. It was strong and reassuring. He gave me a slight squeeze.

"Don't worry about it. The flight will be fine, and the presentation will go great. If anyone can deal with all of this, it's definitely you."

"Thanks. I'm sure it'll be fine. The flight delay isn't a big deal, we'll still get there in time. I just can't get my mind off of it."

His thumb started to caress the back of my hand as I talked. Small waves of warmth pulsed from his touch. I looked up and saw the worry in his face.

"Is there anything I can do? Get you a drink? Or maybe a massage? I saw a cool massage parlor a few gates back. I'm sure that'll help take your mind off of it. I just don't want to see you so stressed out."

I started to relax just from his touch alone. In that moment I knew what I needed to help me get through this. I smiled and bit my lip.

"Well ... I think there is something that could help me unwind."

As I spoke I brought my foot up to caress his inner calf. A look of shock and surprise washed over his face as I ran my foot up and down his leg. He was adorable. For all of his gruff charm, he was still a bit of an innocent lil puppy.

He lowered his voice to a whisper as I felt the rough muscle underneath his pants.

"Here? At the airport? What happens if we get caught?"

I smiled, "I'm sure we could figure something out. Come on, it'll help me relax."

I started to stroke his fingers with mine. I could feel my nipples start to get hard; they pressed against the inside of my bra. I felt constricted by my blouse and pants. I wanted Jason to get up and rip them off of me.

"But where? Shouldn't we just wait until we get to the hotel?"

I could hear the conflict in his voice. I knew he wanted it, and wanted to help me too.

"But didn't you say that you'd do anything to help me relax." I teased.

I leaned over the table ever so slightly and pushed my breasts out. I felt the fabric of my blouse stretch. His eyes wandered down to my chest for a split second. In that moment, I knew that I'd won.

He raised his eyes to mine. "Well, I did say that I'd help you relax, and to be honest I've been a bit nervous too. Maybe it'd be for the best, for both of us."

I smiled as I got up from the table, "That's the spirit."

He laid a twenty down on the table and got up after me. We sped out of the bar, both of us excited and nervous. We walked down the terminal searching for some place to hide for a bit. My eyes scanned the terminal. I had no clue what we were looking for, but I was sure I'd know it when I saw it.

I felt Jason's hand on my shoulder. He motioned towards something across the terminal isle from us. I followed his gaze. A massage parlor sat across the way from us. In the window, the shop boasted having private massage rooms for rent. I looked up at Jason. He gave me a big grin. He took my hand and we rushed over to the shop.

We burst through the store front. I could barely contain myself as we dealt with the front desk. In a matter of minutes we'd negotiated a private room without a masseuse. They said the room even had a lock. I wondered if we weren't the first couple to try this.

Jason led me into the room. My luggage trailed behind me, it was barely an after thought. We jumped at each other as soon as the door closed behind us. Jason craned his neck down and kissed me. His lips were rough against mine. He cradled the base of my neck with his hand. Small pin pricks of electricity trailed from his touch. I felt my heart beat faster as he kissed me.

My hands traveled across his arms and back as I pressed my lips back into his. I took his suit coat off and flung it into a corner of the room.

His hands held me tight as mine travelled down to his belt. We broke apart as I started to wrestle with his belt. He smiled at me as he started to unbutton his shirt. I stared into his eyes. My breaths were getting shorter. My pussy was on fire. I wanted him so badly.

"I still can't believe that we're doing this." He said to me.

I smiled at him and watched his hands deftly move around the buttons on his shirt.

"I can. I needed this so badly." I panted out.

He bent over and kissed me again. I could barely think. I desperately scrabbled at his belt. I wanted it to come off, needed it to come off.

He continued to kiss me, moving his lips down to the side of my neck as I worked on his belt and pants. I could feel the bulge of his cock rubbing against my waist through his pants. God I needed it!

I was finally able to get his belt off. He bent down and kissed me on the side of the neck as he got the last button of his shirt undone. A wave of energy ran from his lips across the rest of my body. I groaned in excitement. His shirt fell off and I stared at his lean, chiseled body. His nipples were rock hard. I started to play with one as he finished taking off his pants and shoes. It felt so small and tender in between my fingers.

I kissed him on the chest and looked down. His thick cock was standing erect right next to my upper thigh. I took him my hand and started to play with him. I felt his breath catch as I stroked my hand up and down his cock. I could feel him throb as I held him in my hand.

His hands pulled at my blouse as I teased him. With my free hand I helped him take it off and undo my bra. My breasts heaved in the air in front of him. He took one in his hand and started to play with my nipple. I squirmed in excitement. I needed him in me.

I got down on my knees. His thick cock hung in the air in front of me. I looked up at his face as I teased the tip of his cock with my mouth. I felt him tense and squirm as I played with him.

Slowly, ever so slowly I took him in my mouth. My tongue ran underneath him as I caressed his balls with my hands. He moaned with pleasure.

I took him deeper in me. My pussy felt so wet and hot, I could barely stay still on my knees. I grabbed the back of his strong thighs as I pulled more of him in me. My eyes started to water as I looked up at him. My lips brushed against the base of his cock.

I pulled his hands down towards my head. He held me there as I squirmed with him in my mouth. I could barely take it. My breaths came short and heavy through my nose. I felt a sliver of drool run down my lips. My nipples were rock hard. My toes curled as I kneeled there taking him in me.

When I could barely take it any longer, he let me go. His throbbing, wet cock burst out of my mouth as I gasped for air. I started to play with myself as I kneeled there looking up at him. He kneeled down next to me, brushing a strand of hair out of my face. He pulled my face towards his and kissed me. I kept playing with my pussy and nipples as he held me there. God I fucking needed this, needed him.

He picked me up and carried me over to a massage bench on the other side of the room. I frantically grabbed at the button on my pants as he held me. I kicked my pants and heels off after he laid me down. His hands ran up my inner thigh to my sopping wet panties. His touch sent wave after wave of electricity traveling up my thigh. It made me squirm.

His fingers found my wet panties and tucked inside of them. His fingers were sticky with my juices as he played with my pussy. I gasped as he slipped them inside of me. I pulled his head towards mine and kissed him as his thumb slowly circled around my clit. Long waves of heat radiated up from his fingers and through the rest of my body.

"God please. Yes!" I moaned out as he played with me.

His lips brushed against my neck as he pulled his fingers out of me. I scooched my butt up and slid my drenched panties off of me. He smiled and got off of the massage bench. His thick cock throbbed in mid-air as I wiggled towards the edge of the bench. I stared at him. I wanted him in me so badly, I'd waited so long.

I draped my ankles over his shoulders as he moved towards me. His strong hands wrapped around my thighs as I felt the head of his cock tease my pussy. I squirmed in excitement.

I felt his wide cock stretch me ever so slightly as he entered me. He entered me so slowly, drawing it out, stretching me little by little. It drove me crazy. My hands came up and massaged my breasts. I could barely think.

He started to pump into me, slowly at first, but getting faster and faster as he went. My mind went wild. Waves of heat flashed over my body every second. I couldn't think. He kept on going faster and faster. He was able to just barely fit inside of me. God it was incredible!

I started to moan out as I lost control. I felt his strong, hard body against my supple legs. His cock filled me. One of his hands traveled up to one of my breasts as I tried to cling on for dear life. He played with my right breast as I cried out. I closed my eyes. My entire world was reduced to his hand and cock. I felt heat rise up to my cheeks and chest. I could barely breath. Wave after wave of electricity shot up through my body from my pussy. I felt his body start to flex. He was moving faster and faster. His breaths heavy and short just like mine.

God we were so close.

I cried out in pleasure. My pussy clenched his cock as I came. I felt him finish inside of me moments later. I felt the tension leave my body. I let out a relaxed sigh as I leaned back.

He pulled his wet, throbbing cock out of me. I stared at him. A thin layer of sweat covered his chest. He crawled up onto the massage bench next to me and kissed me. Our legs intertwined as we lay together on the bench.

"So, still stressed out about the presentation?" He whispered into my ear.

I smiled and giggled at him, "No. I think that pretty much took my mind off of things."

My hand trailed down his stomach and started to play with his cock and balls. They were wet and sticky from me and him. He brushed a hand through my hair. It sent tendrils of tingling electricity through my scalp and head.

We lay there intertwined for several more minutes before a voice came on over the airport intercom.

"LAST CALL FOR GATE SEVEN. GATE SEVEN WILL BE DEPARTING IN FIVE MINUTES."

We both looked at each other in shock. We were gate seven!

"Shit!" I yelled out as I hopped off of the massage bench.

We both started to pick up our clothes in a playful panic. We teased and stressed as we threw our clothes on. In seconds we were out of the massage parlor and running down the terminal.

"I can't believe this. Holy shit, what if we miss the flight?" I asked, worried.

"Don't worry, we'll definitely make it."

My heels slammed onto the tiled floor as we ran. I started to lose my breath as we ran. Jason kept pace beside me, pumping his arms as we ran.

"So much for relieving stress. Maybe it would've been best to stay at the bar."

Jason looked sideways at me and gave me a sly smile, "Got some more stress, huh? Maybe I can do something about that when we get on the plane.

A blush crept up on my cheeks. On the plane? I bit my lips and looked at Jason when I started to think about it. It did sound pretty stress relieving.

"Maybe. I do like the sound of that."

Thankfully, we made our flight in time, just barely. As we boarded, I wondered what other excitement we had in store for this plane ride.