 "Hey Mike!"

"Hi!"

"Did you know that the guy up front uses you as a selling point?"

"How so? He's not promising magic tricks, is he?"

"Nope. When I said I wanted to eat at the bar because I'd rather watch sports than awkwardly watch other people, he said there was also eye candy at the bar and he mentioned your name!"

Mike smiled and blushed. Then he asked "Your usual?"

"Yes, please."

Mike went to get some cranberry juice while Danielle took a seat and looked at the menu. She quickly made her choice and when Mike arrived with her juice, he took her meal order. Danielle had been coming to this same Red Lobster every 6 to 8 weeks for years and when by herself, often ate at the bar instead of taking a table. When tables in the bar area were available, she'd eat there and watch sports on the big screen tvs. Over the years, she'd gotten to know the two main bar tenders, Mike and Derek. Both were always friendly and she always tipped them well.

Danielle ate her meal and when she was done, Mike offered her another juice. Danielle declined and Mike prepared the check while she went to the washroom. When she came out, she handed him her credit card and they talked about the hockey game about to start. Danielle told Mike that she'd drive home and catch the end of the game as she was done her shopping for the day. Danielle came to the city to shop and almost always ate either lunch or an early dinner at Red Lobster, her favourite restaurant.

As she left, she called out "Say hi to Derek!"

Mike replied "Will do. Drive safe!"

Outside, Danielle made her way to her vehicle and as she approached, she saw this man coming towards the restaurant. Somehow, he looked familiar. All of a sudden, she realized who he was. 

"Carl? Carl Zimmerman?"

Carl stopped walking and said "Yes?"

Danielle stopped just in front of him and said "That is you! What are you doing in Calgary? My God, a guy who bleeds ACE red in the land of Westjet! What a surprise!"

"I'm sorry, do we know each other?"

Danielle was both disappointed and pleased that Carl hadn't recognized her. "You don't know who I am?"

"I'm really sorry, I don't recall your face."

At that moment, a mischievous thought popped into Danielle's mind. "Maybe this will help you remember" she said as she reached up, took his face in her hands and started kissing him. At first, it was simply a meeting of the lips. Then, she opened up her lips and her tongue teased his lips open and they shared a heated French kiss. She broke the kiss and looked at him. Her hands dropped to her sides and she asked "Did that help?"

Carl reached for her hair and said "I'm not sure yet." And he pulled her to him in another searing kiss that lasted much longer than the first. Danielle put her arms around his waist and pressed her hands against his back. Carl played in her hair while kissing her, driving her mad with desire.

When they broke their kiss, Carl left his hand in her hair and said "You'd think I could remember this soft hair and soft lips but I'm really sorry, I don't. We've done this before?"

Danielle couldn't continue the charade and said "We've done this a thousand times in my dreams but this is the first real time. Sorry to deceive you, I just couldn't pass up the opportunity."

"But I'm still supposed to know you?"

"Yes. And I'm sorry about kissing you. I know you're married. I just couldn't resist."

"Well, I'm not married anymore and I'm not sorry about the kiss, this was nice. I haven't kissed that way in a long time. Part of me is thinking I should just forgo lunch and just take you to my room here, no matter who you are." Carl used his other hand to pull her against his hardness. "I haven't had a hard on like that in months and months."

"Mmmmmm, I like what I feel. Hooded or not?"

"No hood. Does it matter?" Carl was grinding his hard on against her lower abdomen and kissed her again. Danielle responded and when they broke the kiss, she replied "No, it doesn't really matter although I do prefer hoodless ones. I am just trying to get a mental image of what to expect. Where's this room of yours?"

Carl pointed to the Travelodge behind him and said "Lady, I don't know who you are but for the longest time, I thought my ex-wife had succeeded in emasculating me and now you're proving me wrong. Say you'll continue with this proof." And he kissed her once more, deeply, passionately. 

When they broke the kiss, Danielle said "Let's go up to your room before someone calls the cops on us for indecent exposure."

Carl grabbed her hand and they walked towards the Travelodge. Once in his room, they didn't waste anytime and started taking clothes off each other as they kissed. Danielle rubbed Carl's hardness through his pants. Carl paused when he took off her blouse and saw her bra. He ran his thumbs over the edge of her bra, barely caressing the top of her breasts. "Wow."

"You like my breasts or the bra?" Danielle was wearing a gorgeous Freya bra that really enhanced her large breasts and supported them without looking like an armour like most other bras.

"I like both. I can't wait to suck on your nipples." He reached behind her and unhooked the bra. When the bra was removed, he bent down and sucked on one nipple, gently thumbing the other one to hardness. Danielle moaned.

Danielle continued to rub Carl through his pants and then tugged at his belt. Within a few seconds, she had his belt undone and his fly down. She pushed his pants over his hips and down. Then, she did the same with his briefs. Then, she did what Carl had been waiting for: She finally caressed his cock. Up and down, she rubbed his hardness. Then, she pushed him against the bed and he fell back. 

Danielle lowered herself to the side of the bed and, still caressing him, she took him into her mouth. It was Carl's turn to moan. Using her hands as well as her mouth and gave him as good a blow job as she could. She'd dreamt of this so many times and now had a chance to make it happen and she was going to make it memorable. Up and down his shaft she licked and sucked and caressed. Carl was enjoying every second of it and his moans let her know she was doing some things right. Several times, Danielle took him to the edge and eased back, making the pleasure last.

After a while, without taking her lips off his cock, Danielle reached for the purse she had dropped next to the bed. In it, she found a condom and opened the package. Then, she stopped licking him and unrolled the condom onto his hard cock. She then climbed up on the bed and straddled him. Just before she was going to lower herself onto the hard cock she was craving, he said "Let's move up so we're more comfortable."

They moved up on the bed and Danielle finally lowered herself onto his thick cock. As she lowered herself onto it, Danielle closed her eyes in ecstasy. Danielle took a few seconds to simply enjoy the fullness inside her. Then, she started moving on his shaft, up and down, slowly. Carl moaned softly. "You are so deliciously tight." 

Danielle smiled "Glad you're enjoying it."

"Oh I am, I sure am."

Danielle continued rocking on his cock and bent forward so Carl could suck on one of her nipples. She then bent even further and softly told him. "Grab my hips and fuck me. Fuck me hard." 

Carl did as he was told. He grabbed her hips and held her in place while he pounded her tight pussy. Within minutes, he was groaning his release. When he was done, Danielle pulled herself off him and lay next to him. Carl went to the washroom to remove the condom. He came back and pushed Danielle to her back and said "I haven't heard you release yet. That's just not right."

Carl bent down between her legs and started licking. Danielle reacted strongly by lifting her hips against his eager mouth. "Oh My God!" she exclaimed.

Carl lifted up his head "Is there a problem?" he teased.

Danielle was panting "No, no. This is good." As Carl resumed his licking and sucking on her clit, Danielle continued "Oh God, this isn't just good, it's bloody fantastic! Oh yes, there!"

Carl focused on her clit and, using two fingers, reached into her pussy to find her G-spot. When he found it, he gently rubbed it while still sucking on her clit, pushing Danielle over the edge. "Yessss!!!!!!!!!!!! Oh, Yesssssss!!!!!!!!!!" Danielle cried her release. Carl stopped sucking and withdrew his fingers from her pussy. He gently kissed his way back up her body and laid down next to her.

"Now, we're even except for one small detail."

"What's that?" Danielle asked.

"I still don't know who you are."

"Do you really want to know? You still haven't told me what an Air Canada guy is doing in the land of WestJet!"

"Okay, I'll go first. I'm thinking of changing colours."

"What will your dad think of that?"

"He's okay with it, he understands."

"My dad would definitely approve. He hated Air Canada." "Your dad hated Air Canada? Why?"

"He always said Air Canada couldn't stand healthy competition and caused all the little airlines, like the one he worked at to fold."

Carl looked at her, realization washing over his face, and said "Dani? Oh My God, Dani? I cannot believe it's you! Wow, you've really changed!"

Danielle smiled and asked "So? Now that you know who I am, does it make all this good or disappointing?"

Carl pulled her against him and said "Definitely not disappointing. Definitely good." And he kissed her deeply.

When he broke the kiss, he asked "If I take this job and move out here, can I see you again?"

"Oh yeah." And Danielle kissed him again and reached for his already hardening cock.

"To heck with Air Canada then, I want more of this!"