 This story is written from HIS point of view, as opposed to mine. Enjoy!



It was early morning when the alarm went off and woke me. My arms reached out to grab at you and pull you towards me, but I found the left side of the bed empty. Grumbling low in my throat, I parted my lips wide for a deep yarn and a languorous stretch of my body, before I threw the covers off me and turned over to deaden the alarm that rang in my ears. It was going to be a great today and I had been looking forward to it all week. Since I had mentioned it to you, you were also pretty excited. But now, I wondered where you were and if you had left without me.

Chuckling to myself at the thought, I slowly slid off the mattress, pointing my feet to the floor and pushing my weight down as I stood from the bed. I took another long stretch, feeling the muscles of my body pull tautly as my arms extended over my head. I groaned deeply, and then made my way through the house to find you. My feet shuffled down the narrow hallway and towards the kitchen where I could hear the shuffling of feet and a light tapping noise. Obviously, you hadn't gone, but now I was curious as to why you were up so early and what you could be doing.

As I moved into the kitchen, I saw you standing at the sink refilling the sugar container. I didn't think you realised I was moving up behind you when my hands snaked around your narrow waist and pulled you back onto my chest. I brushed my lips across your exposed neck, as your hair was tied up in a ponytail to accentuate the slenderness of it, and you she moaned softly at me. I love your moans, they drive me wild. You're such a sensual little thing when you purr like that.

You were dressed neatly in a pair of denim jeans, a crisp white t-shirt, which was mostly covered with a brown wrap that layered over your slender shoulders and draped down your back and chest, and your feet were tucked into a pair of short heeled sandals which made those painted toenails look sexy as hell. It didn't really matter what you wore, you were always gorgeous. 

"Mmmmmmm. Good morning, my darling. Did you sleep well?" you asked me huskily. 

I wrapped my arms tighter around you and moved my lips to the side of your face, kissing your earlobe before I whispered back, "I slept very well, babydoll. And you?" I asked you as my eyes followed your hands, watching you continue to fill the sugar canister. "Why are you doing that now? Are we going to get ready and head off?" I asked nonchalantly.

"Yes, I slept well, and yes we are. I woke up too early though, and remembered that we were out of sugar, so I thought I may as well fill it up to pass the time," you giggled softly before continuing, "I'm a female honey, it's my job to think of these things. Heck, if I left it up to you..." You let the words disappear from your lips as you turned your head and looked up at me, winking cheekily.

"Yeah, yeah, whatever you say, honey. Now come on, let's get ready so we can head off. We have a big day ahead." I smiled at you and smacked your arse lightly before I headed back to the bedroom and into the shower.

I heard you call out to me just as I stepped into the bathroom, "Honey, do you want me to fix breakfast now?" 

"Yes please, sweetheart. Make it something quick though!" I yelled out as I opened the shower glass door and turned on the hot water tap. As it took a minute to heat up, I stepped out of my clothes and threw them onto the floor in a corner. Turning back around to add cold water to the mix, I stepped into the shower stall moments later and dunked my head under the spray of water, feeling it coat my bald head and drip down my chest and back. I love having a shower, it's so relaxing. It was then that I remembered I hadn't grabbed a towel from the closet and called out to you, hoping you'd hear me.

"Bel? Can you grab me a towel please, honey?" I yelled out as I reached for the soap and began to lather up my scalp, rubbing the bar of it over my head, down my neck and across my chest. I had just started to wash under my armpits when I heard you step into the bathroom and then saw you placing a towel over the hook attached to the wall. I smiled through the steam of the glass door as you stood there watching me, your arms folded across your perfect breasts.

"Are you enjoying the show?" I asked you, sarcastically. 

"Oh yes, very much. You could always tease me by gyrating your hips around a little though," you said as you grinned at me, quickly removing your clothes and dropping them to the floor before stepping into the shower alongside me.

"Babydoll, what are you doing?" I asked you in surprise.

"I'll wash your back if you'd like," you answered, smiling at me.

Your smile just melted me. You had a way of looking at me that made me feel as though I was the most beautiful man in the world, and that just drove me crazy. It was so sensual and sweet, yet tinged with a hint of innocence. And trust me; Bel wasn't an innocent, at least, not in the way of her demeanour. She wasn't a slut and she didn't parade herself around like one either, but when it came to her and I, she was a damn vixen and it makes me crazy to think about it.

"I thought you were going to make breakfast?" I asked you with a sly grin. 

"I was... I am," you grinned back at me, sliding your hands around my back and pulling me against your naked body. Your hands moved down to cup my arse and caress my flesh as those sensual lips pressed to my mouth for a deep kiss. I love the way you taste, I love how you gently penetrate my mouth with your tongue and swirl it around inside. It's so sexy the way you do that. I moaned at you, curling my right arm around you tightly as my left hand gripped into your hair, pulling your head back. I groaned deeply as my eyes shifted over your exposed neck and breasts, feasting on your milky skin until I pushed my head down to your neck and nuzzled my face into it. 

"Mmmmmm baby, that feels so good," you whispered hoarsely to me.

"I know what would feel even better, sweetheart," I said to you, but I didn't want this to start in the shower, as much as I would have loved to push you against the wall, spread those thighs out wide and ram my cock inside you. My eyes drifted upwards to stare into your beautiful blue orbs as I whispered softly, "Come on baby, not now. We have plenty of time for this later." 

You grumbled at me and dropped your chin down, pouting with those sexy full lips of hers. "Fine. I guess I could always find someone else to play with me in the shower. Perhaps someone more... willing." 

I chuckled at the banter, amused at your attempt at making me bite. But I knew better and gently pushed you out of the shower with a loving smile and went back to washing myself. I saw you step out of the shower and grab my towel to dry yourself off. Your long blonde hair had become slightly damp so you towelled it for a few minutes, drying the ends. You quickly dressed yourself and then walked off to the kitchen, leaving me alone to pray you wouldn't overcook my eggs as revenge.

It only took me 10 minutes to wash and dry myself, and by the time I had dressed in jeans and a t-shirt, you had breakfast sitting on the dining table waiting for me. I noticed you hadn't touched your food yet, and as I stepped closer towards the table, you looked up at me with a smile as you patted the chair next to you. 

"Come on baby, it's getting cold," you said, lovingly.

I walked over and sat beside you, taking the knife and fork into my hands to devour the feast before me. A plate full of fried eggs, bacon, tomato, hash browns and a tall glass of milk was laid out in front of me. Fuck, you know how to look after me. I love you for that. As we ate together, at some point during the meal, I felt your hand come to grip my thigh and squeeze it gently. Your softly spoken words shot a bolt of electricity through my whole being.

"I love you Brad, very much," you whispered to me, keeping your head pointed down towards the table as you gulped another mouthful of food.

I swallowed what was in my mouth quickly, before responding, "I love you too, babydoll." I smiled at you, my eyes drifting over the contours of your pretty face. You had a classic face; one that would hold beauty regardless of time and age. I was a lucky guy.

I had come to the end of my breakfast when I felt your hand being taken off my thigh. I watched as you waited for me to settle back in my chair, before you took the plate from in front of me, placing yours on top and walked over to the sink. I pushed my seat back and stood up tall, walking over to you for a quick peck on the cheek before I stepped into the long, narrow hallway and took my keys from atop the side table. I heard your footsteps coming towards me and opened the front door, holding it for you as you quickly ducked into our room and grabbed your bag, before stepping out and joining me in the morning sunshine. 

It was a perfect day outside. We could hear the birds chirping away and the sound of distant traffic, as the sun shone brightly above us. I had been looking forward to this day all week, and now it had finally arrived. You knew we were going shopping, and I had spoken to you about the plan for the day. I was going to treat you to a special shopping trip that included lunch and a nice stroll through the nearby park. Well, that was the plan anyhow; I wasn't really sure how much we'd get done if my secret plan unfolded the way I hoped it would. But of course, I had forgotten to mention that part to you, intentionally.

We headed towards the car and settled into it, buckling ourselves up before I started the engine and reversed out of the driveway. I turned to look at you and smile before I shifted gears and headed towards the local shopping centre. You returned my smile, reaching out to lay your hand over my thigh and squeeze it gently. You had always been the affectionate type, and I adored that. I was the same and took great joy in feeling your hands on me at any time. I remember back to the first time we made love, you said to me that I had the most wonderful hands and that you wanted to feel them on your body at all times. I have pretty much kept that promise.

I turned to you once again as we drove away from home and said, "You like putting your hand on my thigh when I'm driving, don't you babydoll?" 

You looked at me with warm eyes and simply said, "Of course I do. Why? Does it arouse you, sweetheart? Perhaps you'd prefer it on your cock?" I saw the wickedness in your glance as you stared at me for a moment, enjoying my time with you. I couldn't help but respond in kind.

"Is that supposed to be a rhetorical question? I asked cheekily, "or perhaps you'd prefer my fingers wedged between YOUR thighs?"

"No dear, a rhetorical question would involve me asking you if you wanted to feel my mouth on your cock whilst we're stopped at traffic lights," you responded with a sarcastic tone in your voice. 

We just looked at each other and burst into laughter, remembering the time when you actually DID suck me off at a set of lights and a truck came to stop next to us. It was an eventful time where I had informed you of our uninvited guest and you had simply shrugged your shoulders and continued to swallow my entire cock until I filled your mouth with my cum. God, those are the times that are so exciting for me. When we're not afraid to show our affection for each other, or when we don't care who is looking or where we are when we engage in any form of sexual innuendo. 

As we drove the short distance to the local mall, you relaxed into your seat and peered across the landscape, taking in the lush grass that had grown over the past weeks due to the much-needed rainfall. Many had suffered from the drought that had been drying out everything over the past 3 years or so, and thankfully the past few months had brought a flood of water to the landscape. Gardens and parks were now on their way back to becoming beautiful again, and it was lovely to see. 

Within 15 minutes, we had reached our destination, and I luckily found a parking spot close to the front entrance, to which I quickly manoeuvred the car into. I saw you clutching your bag and flinging it over your shoulder as you leaned over and stepped out of the car, closing your door behind you, and I followed suit soon after. You walked over to me with your arm outstretched and I took your hand in mine as we walked towards the large glass doors together. 

Making our way through the busy centre, I took the lead and headed toward the main food court, where a novelty of shops encased the floor surrounding it. I knew that your favourite lingerie shop was nearby, and just when I felt your hand squeeze mine in anticipation at the thought of going inside, I bypassed the store and continued on toward the large clothing boutique we had gone to once before. I heard a grumble escape your lips and lightly chuckled at your disappointment, turning my head to wink at you as I whispered, "Honey, we'll have time to come back later." 

You looked up at me and smiled, satisfied with my answer and as we stepped inside the brightly lit boutique, I waltzed along the laminated path towards the 'Female Range' of clothing with you following beside me. Just then, I felt your breath on my neck as we stopped for a moment. "Are you going to spend a shitload of money on me honey, or is this going to be one of your tease treats?" you asked me cheekily.

I heard the sarcasm in your voice, and with a swift smack across your rump, I felt the sting on my palm as I rubbed it over your soft flesh. I heard you gasp at the smack, but it only made me chuckle again as I pulled you along further until we reached the section of night wear. No, I don't mean night wear as in pyjamas; I mean the type of clothing a woman would wear when she's going out dancing or to dinner. The sexy outfits that fit snugly to a woman's curves and accentuate her body can do wonders for the male sex, and these types of clothes would fit Bel's figure perfectly.

I sensed the excitement in you as you slid your hand from mine and shuffled quickly over to a rack filled with specials. It consisted of a range of skirts, pants, blouses and dresses that were marked down up to 50%. Bel always went for the specials first and I sometimes pick on her by calling her a tightarse, saying that she doesn't like spending a lot of money on things. But, in her defence, I can see why she would prefer to spend money on things that are more important to her. 

"Hon, I just want to check out this rack first and then we'll go wherever you want to, ok?" you smiled to me as you pulled me towards the rack of clothes you had her eyes on. I just nodded at you and followed without saying a word, as a good man should when taking their woman shopping. I had learnt long ago, that if you're going to give in to a woman and take her out shopping, then shut up and just nod your head at whatever she tells you. That way, you can't get yelled at. 

"Actually, I might go look around myself, baby. I want to see what's around. I'll be back soon though. Love you, gorgeous." I said to you softly, moving up behind you to plant a gentle kiss on your neck before I walked off in another direction. My plan all along was to get her here, and find a few items that I wanted her to try on for me. The catch was that I'd be in the changing room along with her as she tried every item on and I could watch her strip for me over and over again. Ingenious, is it not?

"No problem, babe," you said as I began to walk off, then I heard your voice raise a little as you added, "oh, and if you get lost, just call out. I know how unfamiliar these places are to you," you said as you threw me a cheeky smirk. I love your sarcasm. 

I turned around to you and pulled a face, poking my tongue out like a child before stepping back onto the marked path and following it around until I came across another section. I could see the top of your head over the racks of clothes and grinned to myself. I couldn't wait to get you into that changing room and see you try on some things for me. It's always been a fantasy of mine to fuck my woman in a changing room, so I was hoping you would be up for it. I was sure I could bring you around if you were in any way apprehensive. I seem to have that affect on you.

Taking a deep breath, I looked around the large store and inspected the first few racks that surrounded me, grunting softly at the lack of walking space. I'm still not sure as to why these fools insist on overfilling a store with merchandise, but forget that people need room to move around and look at it all. Shrugging my shoulders, I reached out and grabbed at a lovely dress that caught my eye. It was the colour of sun flowers, with specks of orange through it, looking as though it had been splashed on there with a fine paint brush. The straps were quite thin and it fanned out into a wide skirt that would sit just above the knees. The thing that stole my attention though, was the fitted top half of the dress as it bunched up around the chest. I could just imagine Bel's breasts fitting snugly into something like this. I looked at the price tag and nodded, then swung it over my forearm and continued to search through the remaining clothing items.

My eyes came across a sexy outfit, some type of lingerie I thought it was but couldn't be sure as it was scrunched up in between a messy hoard of clothes. The part that caught my eye was the colour. It peered out at me as I darted my eyes over the many hangers, and when I pulled it off the rack, I saw that it was indeed lingerie. It was stunning. Hanging down from the wooden hanger was a full 3 piece lingerie set, complete with garter belt and stockings. I swear I could feel my cock twitch at that moment.