 Perhaps a word of warning; this chapter contains explicit language that may offend some people, including the pretence of rape.

*

I saw the gasp upon your lips just before I delved into the warm, wetness of your crotch and lapped at your open slit. Feeling the soft folds of your pussylips press against my cheeks whilst my tongue and mouth devoured the cum from deep inside your body. I felt your hands come to my head the moment you felt my tongue dart into your warm snatch, licking my sticky cum that dribbled out of you. I knew you would be surprised at this, watching me eat my own cum from your pussy, but I was so turned on by the whole moment, I just had to eat you.

Your head drew back against the wall as you moaned out in ecstasy, your fingers kneading my scalp as I continued to penetrate you with my insistent tongue. I took your right leg and slid my hand along the stocking that covered your flesh, bringing your thigh over my left shoulder as my face buried itself between your silky thighs.

"Ohhhh fuck yes baby! That's it, eat my cunt. Mmmmmm yeah, fuck me with your tongue, fuck me baby!" I heard you growl at me, your voice dropping an octave.

Your body began to writhe and buck against my face, pushing your cunt harder against me as I tried to fight for air, but it didn't stop you. Then as you felt the tip of my tongue pull out of you and drag over your swollen, hard clit, I felt your body tense up immediately, and then heard the faint drawl of a sigh before your fingernails scratched down my neck and across my shoulder blades.

With every moan, with every groan and grunt, with every sigh that escaped your lips, I continued to ravish your sweet little pussy. My lips and tongue working in unison to bring you off again, wanting to feel your cunt tighten around my tongue as I fucked you with it, forcing another climax from your body as you writhed above me. I could taste myself on you, the warm cream escaping your tight channel as it dribbled onto my tongue. I was surprised that it didn't taste so bad, especially mingled with the taste of your cum, but it wasn't enough for me. 

"Fuck my face, baby. I want you to cum again, my lil slut. Ride my face, Bel. Come on, fucking shove your cunt in my face!" I hissed at you. 

My eyes were blazing, staring up at your face as my hands grabbed your thighs and slid around the back to cup the cheeks of your ass. I felt the muscles tense within my palms as I squeezed the soft flesh, and as I picked up pace in my ravishment of your sweet lil pussy, I forced a couple of fingers up inside you without notice. Pushing them in deep and hard as my tongue slashed across your sensitive bud, your legs began to shake underneath you and I could feel the fight in your body as you tried to hold yourself up.

I wanted you to cum quickly for me, I needed to taste it NOW so I increased the speed of my tongue over your clit and worked my fingers into your stretched hole, pushing in and pulling out, jabbing your little twat harder and deeper with every plunge of my thick digits. I could feel your body giving into it as you pushed yourself down into my face, rolling your hips and down over me as your clit grinded from my nose to my lips and then back up again. 

"Yeahhhhh... filthy cunt. Fuck my fingers, get yourself off you horny lil bitch. Come on, Bel, work yourself onto my face. Let me taste that sweet cum on my tongue, babydoll," I hissed at you as I pulled my face away for a breath of air.

I gathered you were lost for words at this point, because all I could hear escape your full, sexy lips were cries of pleasure and a deep sigh here and there. I wanted to make you cum in record time, I wanted to feel your whole body shudder as you exploded into a mind blowing orgasm and I was bringing you close to it as I worked harder to get you off.

I drew my lips over your labia and sucked each one into my mouth, pulling on them firmly before releasing them and dragging my tongue back over your clit once again. Lashing the tip of it over your hard nubbin, I relentlessly pounded into your sopping wet hole with my fingers as they drove harder and deeper into you, over and over again. And it was then that I felt the first pangs of your orgasm when your cunt twitched around my fingers and I heard that familiar sound of air lodging in your throat before a deep growl escaped your lips.

"Oh fuck... oh fuck fuck... Brad, I'm cumming. Oh God don't stop... fuck me baby, fuck me... oh fuck... oh you nasty fucker... Braaaaad!" 

Hearing you like this had me belting my tongue across your clit and my fingers slamming into your cunt with ferocity, sending bolts of electricity through your whole being as I gave you one of the most explosive orgasms of your young life. I was grunting against your pussy, consumed by passion and greed and lust to taste every trickle of sweet nectar that began to escape from inside you. 

"ohhhhhhhhhhhhh shiiiiiiiiiiiit! Bradddd fuck!"

It was then that I felt your left leg give way as your right just slumped over my shoulder, and I quickly grabbed at your ass to hold you up so I could finish you off. I needed to give you the ultimate pleasure, I needed to give my babygirl an orgasm that would drive her insane and I wasn't about to stop halfway through. I felt the gush of juices spill into my mouth and I greedily sucked them all up as they coated my fingers and hand.

But then, I heard a noise above me and looked up over your belly to see your hands spread out from you, your fingers trying to grab onto the wall for balance. I grinned wickedly as your cunt devoured my face, smearing your sweet juices all over my cheeks, my nose, my mouth... coating me in that sweet fuckjuice as I continued to greedily lap every drop. That's when I heard a banter of successive bangs and then a knock at the door.

"Excuse me! You cannot do this in a public place, please unlock the door and come out of there at once!" I heard a female voice yelling from outside.

I heard your sharp intake of breath and looked up at you just as your head spun to the side with eyes wide, looking towards the door. I was about to remove my face from your sweet pussy and tell you not to worry, but before I could say anything you had already turned your head forward and pressed it back against the wall. I could have chuckled, it was so fucking adorable the way you blatantly ignored the woman outside the door and began to moan even louder then before.

And it didn't stop your orgasm from surging through your body before it slowly began to subside; drawing out those sexy little moans from your lips as I gently lashed at your clit and slowed the pace of my fingers inside you. Drawing them out of your body and reaching up to brush the tips across your lips, I felt your tongue poke out and lick at them, tasting yourself. I watched you intently as I eased up and stood against you, wanting to see that hot little tongue greedily lick my fingers before you sucked them into your mouth.

"Mmmmmm. Baby likes the taste of her sweet cunt, doesn't she?" I whispered to you, feeling my cock begin to stir once again. "Suck your juices off my beautiful lil whore. Clean my fingers, baby."

You didn't hesitate and only moaned at my words of encouragement. I felt your tongue drag down the length of each finger as you suckled on them deeper, the tips tickling the back of your tongue. 

"Hello?!? You need to unlock this door and remove yourself from the premises immediately!" the woman outside spoke again, her voice trembling with anger.

"Listen lady, we'll be out in a minute ok? Keep your pantyhose on!" I hissed at her. 

"How dare you! I'm calling security!" she barked and left us with the clatter of her heels clicking along the floor as she hurried off.

We stared at each other for a moment as we both heard her last words, our eyes wide in surprise before we realised we should get our stuff together and get the hell out of there. Your lips released my fingers faster than I could blink and I felt you push me away as you quickly removed the panties and dropped them to the floor. My head was darting around the room to seek out our belongings and I picked up your clothes to hand them to you. I grabbed at my jeans and jumped into them, zipping them up before reaching out to take your bag hook it over my shoulder. I kicked the lingerie across the floor onto the pile of clothes near the bench, just as you were dressing yourself, and then looked over at you. 

"Come on baby, quick! I don't wanna spend the night in jail!" you said with a chuckle.

"Why not? It could be fun, honey!" I replied with a hint of sarcasm, laughing along with you.

I dropped my chin down during our quirky banter and my eyes caught a glimpse of your right thigh, still encased in the sheer stocking. I pointed to your leg and looked up at you, but you simply waved me away with a "don't worry" type of motion so I shrugged my shoulders and grabbed your elbow before unlocking the door and peeking outside. 

"Ok... on the count of 3, we're going to run outside and straight out of this store. Don't stop, don't look back," I said to you with a somewhat stern tone to my voice.

"Ok... let's go."

I took a deep breath and looked over at the desk on the other side of the room, not seeing anyone around. So without waiting too long, I started counting down as I held your arm in my hand.

"3... 2... 1... go!"

We ran out of the changing room and whizzed past a mother and daughter standing in the middle of the dressing rooms. I caught a glance at the daughter who looked to be about 14 years old, and I knew she had an idea of what was going on as the look on her face was priceless. She stared at us with a look of shock, and I just chuckled as we continued running past her and into the brightly lit store. When we got to the racks of clothing in the Women's section, I slowed our pace and started walking along with you. 

"Baby, let's slow down now. We don't want to attract attention," I said to you softly, handing over your handbag and then watching as you draped it over your shoulder.

You nodded at me and we continued to walk around the store, going the long way out to avoid running into security. Luckily, we passed one of them unnoticed just as we were reaching the exit, and once we were past the opened doors, we rushed back out into the mall and made our way over to the food court. Breathing heavily, we stopped to look at each other and burst out laughing.

"Holy shit, that was close! Fuck honey, we should do this again. That was fun!" you chuckled, a cheeky grin smeared across your lips.

"Give it a few months, babydoll. I'm sure that should be enough time for them to forget about us," I chuckled back at you.

As we caught our breaths, I took your hand in mine and lead you over to a nice little food place on the corner of the food court. It was an Italian shop, with the smell of fresh pasta and pizza wafting through the air. I turned to look at you with a raised brow, questioning my decision to eat there and you nodded at me with a smile. I asked you what you wanted as you found a table to sit at, and I went along to order our food before joining you and waiting for our number to be called.

I reached out and grabbed your hand as we sat across from each other, smiling into your blue eyes and lifting your hand up to kiss it. You sighed softly at me, watching closely as my lips pressed over the top of your hand and I started laughing again. You said nothing, and only laughed along with me as our minds played out the events of the past hour. We I remembered to make a mental note as to which clothing store to visit on our next trip!