 I love to dance.

The music is loud and it vibrates through my body as I move my hips seductively.

A few of the guys from work finally invited me out for drinks. They go every Friday night, but as the only girl in the office, I've never gotten an invite.

I was a bit disappointed when I heard Brandon has never accepted an invite for drinks. I was hoping he would be here, and I could use my non-existent sex appeal to entice him into giving me another amazing orgasm.

The song changes, it's slower, but I just close my eyes and continue to move my ample hips.

Someone comes up behind me and grabs my waist, pulling me to them. I feel a hard cock pressed against my ass. Startled, I try to turn, but a strong arm keeps me in place.

"Shh, shh, shh baby girl, it's me."

"Brandon," I can't hide my elation that he's actually here.

"I want you to go into the ladies room and remove your panties," he says.

I start to protest, but he cuts me off.

"Every second you stand here with that indignant look on your face, will result in punishment, do you understand?"

I immediately reply "Yes, Sir," but I'm rather curious to see what my punishment will be.

When I come back from the restroom he's still standing on the dance floor, waiting, watching me, like a predator watches its prey.

He turns me around so that his cock is pressed against my ass again. I feel his hand on my thigh, pulling my dress up.

I'm completely bare-assed standing in the middle of the dance floor, hoping no one notices. I'm confused when he tosses his tie clip onto the floor at my feet, but when he commands me to pick it up I know why.

As soon as I bend over something cold and metallic enters my dripping wet hole. I stand up quickly and look shoot him a questioning glare, but the only answer I get is that sly grin.

He rights my skirt and ushers me over to the table where our colleagues are. It's hard for me to concentrate on the conversation about the lack of market volatility.

I carelessly spit out some comment about this being the second-longest bull market in history, but the pressure on my g spot is driving me mad and I have no idea what I just said.

Then the object begins to vibrate. My eyes widen, and I yelp my surprise for the entire table to hear.

Brandon laughs and whispers "See what happens when you don't do as I say?"

The vibration isn't all that strong at first but I feel it getting faster and faster. He must be controlling the device from his phone.

My pussy is quivering, and sweat is beading on my forehead. I turn my head from the table in an attempt to hide my embarrassment, not to mention my pleasure.

When the orgasm hits me I moan loudly and cling to Brandon while my vagina pulses.

I'm so thankful for the loud music and I make an excuse to go to the ladies room.

I hurry into the single bathroom and have the door nearly closed when Brandon sticks his foot in the door and pushes it open.

My head is spinning and I'm angry as hell already. When Brandon mentions the fact that I just came in front of our entire office, again, I come unglued.

"How dare you," I yell over the loud music, "Do you realize how hard it has been to gain the respect of those men out there, don't you dare jeopardize that for me again."

He doesn't answer me, he simply forces me to my knees. I watch him unzip his trousers and my mouth begins to water at the sight of his cock.

I take it into my mouth slowly, savoring his salty taste.

"Look at me when you suck my cock." he commands.

I shift my eyes so that I'm looking right at his face as I take his cock so far down my throat his balls touch my skin.

I cup his balls in my hand as I move my mouth over his hard length. My cunt begins to vibrate again, and I remember the metallic object.

I'm thankful my mouth and my moans are at least somewhat muffled.

When Brandon picks me up and sits me on his shoulders, his face between the apex of my thighs, I'm shocked.

His tongue grazes lightly over my clit, once, twice, again.

I'm panting, my hips moving against him, begging for more. He takes my clit into his mouth and sucks. I feel as if a bomb has exploded. I scream loudly as I my orgasm takes over my body.

My cunt is still pulsing when Brandon removes the metal object and slowly slides his cock inside me.

My ass is against the wall now, and my legs are wrapped around his waist. His stomach grazes my clit with each agonizing thrust, taking me higher and higher.

"Brandon, please fuck me." I plead, begging him to go faster.

To my surprise, he picks up the pace, but only slightly.

I'm surprised by the force of the orgasm that hits me and u scream out once again.

I feel myself gripping his cock as he empties himself into my cunt.

Brandon quickly rights my skirt and I ask him for my panties.

"I don't think so little bird, you're going to walk around with my cum dripping between your thighs. I want you to remember who makes you scream."

If he keeps taking my panties, I'm going to have to start charging.