 She woke that morning, groggy, unsure of what had happened the few moments before she regained conscience. Then memories began flooding back: falling asleep or rather passing out, falling into the bed after a long night of dancing and drinking. Oh yes her unfastened jeans and her rumpled shirt told the story of her wild night before.  

She winces, the sun pouring in was too much too soon. So she closes her eyes a few more minutes letting her memories drift back slowly, out of order a pandemonium of sorts, changing moment to moment and she lying there experiencing a mryiad of emotions the entire while. 

Then her heart races, as she realizes who brought her home, and what had happened right before she fell into her own bed a drunken well fucked wench.

He was standing in the dark corner of the bar when she walked in, alone, looking and feeling sexy as hell. She saw him, because he was not a regular figure that lurked in the shadows of this, her favorite watering hole. 

Her gaze lingered while he was looking away, taking in his harsh jaw line, is hawkish nose and strong cheekbones. He had steely blue eyes that flashed in the dim bar room.A devious twinkle, worldly but boyish. 

He was very intriguing. Her gaze stayed to long because he looked her way. A hot blush rose to her cheeks as she let her gaze flit hurriedly on to another persons back. 

But he had caught it, raw passionate hunger, a hot need and he saw it in her eyes. She was a full figured woman, but proportioned well, a nice round full ass with a sweet heart shape, Full delicious titts. 

He figured by looking at her body she had been loved many times in her life and loved well. Her hair was gorgeous, soft, full and long. But her most striking feature was her almond shaped eyes. Not an intense blue, but a shade not ever before named, for her eyes flashed fireworks. Different colors depending on her facial expression. Yes he was convinced she was indeed a passionate woman.

She could feel his eyes booring into her....it fealt like he was stroking her very being , just flitting around the edges of her existence chanting I see you, I will devour you. 

She shivered, because she knew he was standing behind her. He had meandered through the drunken crowd and had come to stand directly behind her, his hand lightly resting on her hip. He lowered his head to just beside her ear, his breath hot and moist, and whispered "...come with me.''

His fingers trailed down her inner arm and he wrapped his hand around her wrist for just a moment laying his claim, and then entwining his fingers in hers. 

His thumb stroked a slow sexy circle on her palm. He felt her body stiffen then melt, radiating fierce heat toward him. She began to step away, but did not let go of his hand. S

he pulled him through the crowd of people, and to a nice alclove at the back of the bar. She stepped into the corner, and he blocked her from view of the entire lounge.  

He placed his hands on the wall beside her head, and leaned in closely and whispered against her lips. "I want to know your name."

She whispers across her breathless lips ......"Goddess" .

He moaned hard against her throat, the space between them now nonexistent. She wondered when they had closed the small distance and then realized it really didn't matter it felt to good being this close. 

Her hands brushed firmly across his cock. She was pleased to find it hard, and hot. She knew it would be throbbing if she could wrap her hand or mouth around it. Her clit grew hard with anticipation.  

He could smell her sweet scent, her skin radiating her hotness. He let one of his hands fall onto her inner thigh, and when she matched his movement with the arching of her back and her thighs falling slightly apart, she encouraged him like he had hoped.  

Her pussy was hot, moist thru her tight blue jeans, her tits jutted out and bursting out of her tight low cut shirt. He could feel his mouth wanting to naturally lower to her gorgeous white tits. He felt her grind against his intruding hand, and knew they needed privacy and they needed it now. 

He grabbed her by the hand and drug her out the back door. Slamming her against an outside wall he kissed her roughly, fiercly, passionately. Invading her mouth with his tongue, grabbing her hair and holding her head back forcing her to take his ravenous intrusion. She was putty in his hands. 

Thank god he was holding her against the wall because lord knew her legs wouldn't have held her. Her hand forcefully found there way through his sexy thick hair, her own tongue tangling with his. Her body pressed hard against him to only arch away and ride the passionate wave back onto the leg he had shoved so hotly between her legs. Suddenly he stops and drags her towards his car, quickly they get in.,

Oh my she thought at that moment. He had devoured her. The huge bed at the hotel room. Oh it was so hot, her clit got hard at the very thought. He had called her his Goddess all night long, loving her tenderly building to intense passion, until a primal urge took over and he ravaged her. 

Over and over again. 

She loved every minute of it. 

She remembered the feel of his cock as it slid down over her clit to find her hot hole wet and waiting for his thick gorgeous cock. 

Oh and god how it felt when he finally slid his throbbing dick deep inside her the first time. The absolute closest thing to heaven on earth. He was so huge, which she had made certain of while she licked and lapped at his hard cock. God he had tasted so good. 

His hot precum tingling on her tongue, urging her on, taking his pretty cock deep down her throat over and over. He said he couldn't stand no more.

He had laid back and pulled her on top of him. Giving her the control but bucking beneath her driving her into a frenzy. Then he would stop, and suck slowly at her tits, teasing her hot hole with his throbbing thick dick. 

God he had driven her crazy, she came over and over...moaning, " I am cumming all over your gorgeous thick delicious cock." Urging him over the edge making him shoot hot wads of cum deep inside her. 



He was driving himself to work, when he decided to have a dozen roses sent to his goddess. He felt it was time he introduced himself. He was certain that the meeting they had experienced last night was an event to be repeated and improved upon many times over. 

He had never so needed, wanted and truly craved a woman like he craved her. Her taste was unlike any woman he had ever known. A nectar and he was most certainly her bee. 

As he pulled up to the worksite, he thought, txt her good morning. He got out of his truck with a grin. He checked his phone throughout the day but she never responded. By the end of the day he had made up his mind. He was going back to that little small town bar and find his woman. 

She was sitting there through happy hour, visiting with friends and neighbors. Trying to avoid any know it all stares. She knew people knew what she had done. Christ who had missed the flowers being delivered to her house..No one. She was feeling pretty relaxed when she felt someone behind her. She felt the magnetic draw the second he opened the door but was too scared to turn around. 

She had avoided five texts from him that day, figuring he was a really hot one night stand. She felt the physical awareness of him, and could swear he was feeling hers as well. She waited for him to acknowledge her, and it didn't take long. He said hello to a couple locals then leaned over to speak privately in her ear. 

His scent drove her wild her mind was spinning and she had to take a deep breath and concentrate as he spoke. She finally became grounded and heard "upset you never txt me back today." She knew what he was talking about. She had been scared. Still was.  

He put his hand on the small of her back. She felt instantly aroused .her clit hardening immediately. His hand on the small of her back was erotic as hell to her. He was showing his possesion of her, for however long he wanted, she didn't care. Also in that same moment he was showing her, he supported her, which she equated to he had to actually give a shit? 

God she felt niave, and she was a woman who had fucked quite a few guys. Very few had caused her much more than a misstep and only a handful and all out falter. Til this man. Fuck he was sexy. 

He bought her two or three of her favorite bourbons, watching her eyes get lazy as her entire body relaxed and began to ooze her overwhelming sensuality. He was hardly immune to the flick of her hair, the playfulness in her eyes. The long touches on his shoulder, down to his waist, up his back. Yes she was wanting possess him too. This woman was smart. 

The conversation never faltered, and they laughed. Laughed long and hard. Her laugh was sexy as hell too.  

Her neck was gorgeous when she would toss her head back and laugh. He wanted her naked doing that so he could thrust his cock deep inside her at that very moment, and kiss the graceful arch in her neck. Flick his tongue down the side of her neck while he pumped inside her. 

The jukebox changed songs just then and snapped him back to reality. He realized he was half hard and like a scratch that needed itched he wanted his growing prick against her. He wisked her onto the dance floor then for a slow grind to a van morrison song. She smiled wantonly at him daring him to seduce her right in front of the rag tag group of locals. 

He wanted her there. The undeniable urge swept over him like a tidal wave, and as the song ended he was paying the bill and sweeping her out the door. She barely grabbed her bag off the bar as he was heading her toward the door. 

She knew what was in store for her and she wanted it. Wanted every scintillating second of it. She sank into the heated seat of his truck, and watched as he methodically went about starting the truck, and heading to the hotel. 

His body was tense, incredibly hard. Like a volcano under pressure ready to erupt. It was so intense she was almost frightened. That thought excited her, and turned her middles to mush. Daring her to purr like a kitten wanting attention while she blatantly stroked his cock as they wheeled down the silver highway. 

A soft guttural moan escaped his lips and in a moment she was laying across the truck seat on her stomach, unzipping his pants and freeing that gorgeous meat. She loved hearing his pleasure. 

It drove her on, almost to a wild madness. She slides her tongue down his hardening shaft. She smiles wickedly to herself. Her hand cups the inside of his balls as she swallows his cock. He speeds up and then slows again. 

She knows they are almost there. Then he stops. She raises her face to look at him and he smiles. His hand twists in her hair. He holds up a keycard. "I kept the room today. I knew we would be back."

She smiled brightly at that, sexy thoughts crossing her mind. He saw the lust in her eyes. They headed to the hotel room barely able to keep their hands off of one another. 

He slammed her against the wall at least twice before they fell thru the hotel room door onto the bed they had shared only a few hours ago. She smiled so fully in that moment, it took his breath. He ripped her lacey shirt off then, revealing her black lacey bra hugging those full white tits. 

He lowered his mouth over them, freeing them roughly from the bra, squeezing one, tonguing and nibbling the other and slowly switching back and forth. 

She humped his leg, his attentions driving her wild, her hand stroking his hard cock, until she came right there straddling his hard thigh. He rolled her over then and rubbed his hand on her hot crotch, knowing it was turning her knees to jelly. 

He reached for her jeans, tugging them the rest of the way off. Some how she had unzipped them and had one leg out already. He hurriedly unzipped his own jeans stripping off his boxers. His shirt was already laying in a pile on the floor along with hers. God the passion between them was so tremendous neither one remembered disrobing at all.  

He pulled her close again then. His rigid beautiful prick looming between her legs.  He pulls first one leg over his shoulder, then slaps her hard little clit playfully with the head of his cock. She shuddered.

Then in a hard deep stroke, he fills her up completely, his balls slapping against her asshole, filling her so completely, he withdrew as fast as he filled her, lingering for a moment he slammed into her again deep. 

She let out such a perverse sexy moan he was filled with satisfaction. He loved the way her moist hole hugged him perfect. Like a wet velvet glove. Her toes rubbing up and down his body...She drove him mad. 

Suddenly she couldn't lie still beneath him any longer. Her hips twisted beneath him taking and giving of that hot cunt she worked so well. Her fingers dragged down his back, not to hard but just enough he knew she was riding that hot wave of passion freely. 

Her eyes were slammed into the back of her head her mouth dropped open as she moved and moaned wildly. She was cumming and not stopping, wave upon wave crashing through her hot puss. She had counted four, no make that five times he had fucked her to the very crest pushed her over just to keep on fucking her and bring her back again. 

She wanted to roll over and have him behind her. She told him and he flipped her over in one motion. Grabbed her hips and pulled her nice shaped full round ass up to him and rammed his ever growing throbbing cock into her from behind. She screamed in sheer ecstasy, reaching heaven in one thrust. 

He pounded her hard from behind watching her ass bounce against him, his cock move in and out of her velvet hole, seeing her sweet pink skin swallow him with every push. 

He grabbed her hair and tugged her head back, feeling her hips rotate against him urging him deeper and deeper. Slowing the pace down, he felt her tight lil puss squeeze and tremble around his dick. He knew he had made her cum again. He couldn't hold off much longer, one maybe two deep hard thrusts and he was going to explode. 

She could tell by his breathing he was one the verge of filling her with his hot cum and that drove her over the edge again.  He felt her cum for the seventh time? And he shot his hot thick wad as deep into her as he could.