 When I woke up, I could still taste her on my lips. Alone in her warm bed, I could hear the shower running. The images of last night were still fresh in my head. We spent another hour or so touching and groping before we both fell asleep. We couldn't keep our hands to ourselves. Fuck. What a night. I hoped it wasn't just all the booze. The shower stopped and I sat up.

"I'm awake!" I yelled to her.

"Ha. Good. I wanted to let you sleep but I have to work today. My firm has an event and I need to be there in about an hour," she replied through the bathroom door.

I looked over at her clock. 7:30AM. Damn. She opened the door and walked into her bedroom wearing a towel. Her wet hair fell around her shoulders and clung to her skin. She looked so sexy just standing there. She walked to her closet and started riffling through her clothes. This woman made my mind race.

"You should wear something blue today."

"Is that right?"

"Yeah, that's right."

"Well, I'll take that into consideration," she said as she peeked out of her closet and smirked at me.

I got out of her bed and walked around the apartment, searching for the rest of my clothes. My jeans were near the door. My shirt was crumpled near the corner of her coffee table. A smile crossed my face as what we did last night came flooding back. The passion. The smells. The tastes. The sounds. I walked into her kitchen after I pulled on my shirt and pants.

"Do you mind if I have a glass of water?" I asked.

"Nope. Glasses are in the cabinet above the sink and there's a pitcher in the fridge."

"Thank you."

I finished my water and walked back towards her bedroom. She was standing in her bathroom in front of her mirror getting ready. I walked up behind her and put my hands on her hips. She was still in a towel. I swept the hair off her shoulder and kissed her neck while she brushed her teeth. She let out a little sigh when she felt my lips touch. Skin so soft and warm. Still a little wet from her shower. Damn, she smelled incredible. She reached back and touched my face as I continued to kiss her neck.

"Okay, I'll be good. I know you have to get ready," I whispered in her ear.

"Damn. I know. It fucking sucks."

I kissed her neck one last time and walked back to her living room. About 20 minutes later, she came out wearing a pair of black pants and a light blue shirt. She had a dress on a hanger with her as well.

"Is this blue enough?" she asked with a hand on her hip, as if presenting herself.

"Yeah. That will work. Ha," I replied with a smile.

"Good. I'll give you a ride home. Let's go."

On the way back to my place, we made random small talk. We complained about the radio stations here. I told her the best way to get to her event from my part of town. She worked for a PR firm and they were having a kick off for their latest client. After about 10 minutes, we were back at my apartment. I told her I would call her soon and gave her a kiss before I got out of the car. As I walked around, she rolled her window down.

"Listen. After this event, we're having a little party with drinks and music. Hence the dress. I was going to see if one of my friends could come with me but if you aren't busy tonight, would you like to come? It starts at 8."

"Yeah. I'd be down for that," I replied, trying to hide how happy it made me to hear it. "Send me a text and let me know where to be."

"Cool. I'll let you know. I still need to find out where it is."

"Sounds good. Later, Kate. Good luck with work."

"Thanks. See you later."

She drove off as I walked into my building. I opened the door to my apartment and promptly collapsed on my couch. Her smell was stuck on me in the best way possible. My shirt. My hands. She was everywhere. I put on some music and sat there smiling like a fool. Again, the thoughts of last night were washing over me. I remembered the cab ride and how close we were to ripping each other's clothes off in there. I remembered how intensely we kissed as soon as we got inside her apartment. Damn. I need that again. Soon. I drifted off to sleep.

I woke up three hours later when I got a text message from Kate. She told me the party was at a hotel down the street from her event. I was still struggling to open my eyes when I saw another text. It was from her.

"Also. Check this out."

What followed was a picture. Kate had pulled down her pants just enough and was exposing a pair of sheer blue panties. Her landing strip was just barely visible. The panties clung to her hips perfectly.

I texted her back, "Fuck. Me."

Her reply came in about 30 seconds. "You told me to wear blue today. I have been trying to work for the last few hours but all I can do is think about you and last night. And every time I try to sit down, I get all squirmy."

"Damn. Well you have me all hard now. I have to wait until 8 to see you again?"

"Yep. I couldn't pass up an opportunity to tease you. And let you know what you've done to me. So there. See you at 8."

"Can't fucking wait."

The rest of the day felt like a lifetime. I tried to keep myself occupied by taking a long shower, running some errands and cleaning my apartment. But my mind kept drifting. I kept looking at that picture. I kept thinking about what we had done and what we might do. After some agonizing hours, it was time to get ready.

I texted her, "I just want to let you know that I have been going nuts all day. So thanks."

She replied, "Good. That's what I wanted."

I made my way to the hotel and got there at 8PM sharp. I couldn't wait any longer. I had to see her. When I walked in, I didn't see her at first. I figured she was probably talking to her co-workers or something so I made my way to the bar. I ordered a bourbon and looked around the room. Turns out, she was over in a corner with a few older women. I hadn't noticed her at first because she had changed into a dress. But there she was, laughing with a drink in her hand. A black dress hanging perfectly over her frame. A thin silver belt accentuated her hips. Damn. She looked good. Our eyes met after a few seconds and her face lit up with a smile. She motioned over to the bar and started walking over towards me.

"I told them I needed to get another drink. I'm so glad you're here." She greeted me with a hug and a kiss on the cheek.

"Believe me. So am I. Has anyone told you how stunning you look in that dress?"

"Actually, no. But I think you're just saying that because you want what's underneath this dress," she whispered in my ear. When she pulled away, I could see she was blushing just a little bit.

"I most certainly do want that. But the fact that I want you out of it doesn't diminish how gorgeous you look tonight."

"Well thank you. I see you got a drink. I want you to meet my co-workers," she replied with a glimmer in her golden eyes.

"Got myself a bourbon. And I can do that," I replied as she grabbed my hand.

The women she was talking to were the CEO and EVP of her PR firm. We chatted with them for about half an hour, drifting in and out of conversations with some of her other co-workers. I could have spent all night there, gliding across the room with her. Needless to say, we had other plans. Those plans began to manifest themselves as the night went on. We spent the next few hours sneaking kisses, slight touches and knowing looks. She knew what I wanted. I knew what she wanted. Every touch created sparks. Tingles. I loved it every time she grabbed my hand to lead me to some other group. As everyone else in the room got drunk, we got more grabby. It was about 11:30 when she gave me the "let's get the fuck outta here" look.

"It's been a long day and I'm pretty tired," she told her co-workers.

"It was a pleasure meeting you all. Have a good night," I told them.

I grabbed Kate's hand and we walked out.

"Your car will be fine here tonight. I'm taking you to my place," I said confidently.

"Yes, please."

We got to my car and I opened the door for her. She slid into the seat and I shut the door behind her. I walked around, my dick getting harder with each moment. We started driving and I put my hand on her leg. She moved it up her thigh and I could feel the warmth radiating between her legs. She hiked up her dress and put her hand inside her panties. I could barely keep my attention on the road. She pulled her hand out and traced her fingers on my lips. They were slick and warm. Slowly, she placed them in my mouth.

"I've been wet all day for you, Matt. I couldn't sit still at all. That's just a little preview."

"You taste so fucking good. It's a good thing there's no traffic because we need to be at my place now."

"Yes we do," she replied as she put her hand on my hard cock. "I see you've been thinking about me too."

I don't think I could have driven back any faster. We hit my parking lot and basically ran to my apartment. We got inside, turned on some lights and it was basically a repeat of the previous night. We couldn't keep our hands off of each other. I grabbed her tits. She ran her fingers through my hair. I threw her down on my couch as quickly as I could.

Kneeling between her legs, I lifted her dress. Her panties were glistening. Soaking wet. I put her legs over my shoulders, pulled her towards me and started licking her through the fabric. So sweet and warm. She squirmed and writhed as my tongue moved. Clutching the back of my head, she started to moan. My hands found her tits. Grabbing. Squeezing. She pulled the top of her dress down and took her bra off. Her hips were rising. Her pussy pressing against my mouth. I ripped her panties off so I could have full access. My lips found her clit and she let out a gasp. Focusing on it. Sucking on it. She grabbed my head again. Bucking against me. I slid two fingers inside her drenched pussy as I sucked her clit. Fucking her with my fingers.

"Fuck yes. Don't fucking stop that. God."

My fingers went deeper inside of her. Harder. Her moans got louder. Her thighs were wrapped tight around my face. My beard against her soft inner thighs. Her wetness spread as I buried my face between her legs. I looked up at her and saw that she was grabbing her own tits with one hand. Her eyes found mine and I sucked her pussy harder.

 "Fuck. Keep doing that. Suck my clit. Make me come."

"My fingers still moved in and out of her. My lips wrapped tightly around her now swollen clit. She moaned loudly. Her breathing started getting deep and heavy.

"I'm going to come. Fuck yes I'm going to come."

Her hips rose as she started to come. I could feel her wetness dripping down my face. She held my head against her as she shook. Her entire body vibrating at that moment.

"Jesus Christ," she said trying to catch her breath.

She let go of my head. I pulled my fingers out of her and fed them to her. I stood her up and kissed her. She was biting and sucking my lips, tasting her wetness all over them. I fumbled with my pants, trying desperately to get them off while we made out. My dick was rock hard and I needed to fuck her.

After what seemed like a lifetime, my pants were off and I sat down on the couch. I pulled her down on my lap, facing me. We kissed for a few more minutes. She straddled me and grabbed my dick, guiding it inside of her now exceptionally wet pussy. I moaned when I felt her sink down on me.

"Fuck. I have been thinking about this moment all fucking day, Kate."

We fucked slowly for awhile. Passionate. Intense. Kissing each other hard. My hands running up and down her back. Grinding against each other. Our bodies moving together in rhythm. The pace increased. My hands were tangled in her hair. Pulling her head back and biting her neck. Moaning in her ear. She thrust her hips harder down on me. She leaned back a little and guided my face to her tits. Her perfect nipples, rock hard against my lips. The moaning increased as I started to suck and bite one of them. I moved my hands from her hair and grabbed her ass. Pressing her harder against me. Pushing my dick deeper and deeper inside of her. Smacking her ass. Fucking her harder. My hips rising off the couch to meet hers. I was starting to breathe heavy. Sighing and moaning as my mouth was on her tits.

She put her hands on my chest, pressed me back against the couch and started riding me harder and harder. My hands were gripped tightly on those hips. Her moans mixed with mine. Breathing heavier. Faster. Fucking. Faster. Harder.

"Fuck. I'm going to come, Kate. I need to come."

Kate felt me throbbing inside of her and she knew how close I was. She slid off of me, got between my legs and took my dick in her mouth. Just as her lips wrapped around the tip of my cock, I started coming. My legs locked as I filled her mouth. My head rolled back and she swallowed every drop. Electricity shot through my body as her tongue licked me clean. She was rubbing her pussy while she held my dick in her mouth. I saw her start to shake as her orgasm grew. Her moaned sent shockwaves through me as she came.

"Come here," I said as she looked up at me with a wicked smile.

She climbed back on my lap and we kissed. Her tits pressed against my chest.

"You know, I think I kind of like you Matt," the breathless words slipped out of her mouth and into my ear.

"And I think the feeling is kind of mutual, Kate," I replied with a little laugh. "We should do this as often as possible. All of this."