 I come in through your garage, knowing ahead of time that nobody's home but you. I hear the shower going and smile a bit as I head upstairs. I enter your room, ushering your cat outside. I take off my tie first, then my socks, followed by my shirt, pants, and underwear. I open the door slowly, trying my best not to make any noise, not to attract your attention. The site I witness is stunning, your naked body cascaded with water as you have your head back and eyes closed, rinsing your hair. I can see the soap flow down your shoulders, over your perfect breasts, traveling down across your stomach, over your pussy, down your thighs, and into the drain. Seizing the moment, I silently slip into the shower behind you. You don't even flinch, still unaware of my presence. I put my arms around you and you jump with fright, but I hold you and tell you to keep your eyes closed. Upon recognizing my voice, you relax and grab a hold on my arms.

I start to kiss your neck, telling you how sexy you look, how incredible your body is. I cup one of your breasts gently as I start kissing your shoulder, moving my head down your back then back up to the other shoulder, giving oral fixation to your tattoo. You give a slight moan as I squeeze your breast a little tighter and bite your neck. My other hand slides down your side and I place it over your pussy, and I apply pressure to it. Not rubbing it or sliding any fingers in yet. It's still too early for that. I feel you try to move your hips, trying to force some kind of stimulation from my hand. Every time you move, I take my hand off just a bit, enough to prevent the sensations and tease you even more.

I turn you around and embrace you fully on the lips with a deep, penetrating kiss. We stand like this for what seems like an eternity, our hands roaming over each other's bodies, exploring every single inch of our flesh. Your hand slides onto my rapidly expanding shaft and starts to stroke it, but I take your hand away. I explain with a smile that today was all about you and I would be doing all the work. With that, I kiss my way down your front unto I am eye level with your pussy. I kiss the entire organ before I place one of your legs over my shoulder and slide my tongue onto your clit, right where I know you like it. I start to lick up and down, slowly at first but gradually increasing the pressure and speed. I slide a finger into you, stroking you inside with a "come hither" motion. I continue doing this for what seems like yet another eternity, enjoying every taste, every feeling of your sex on my face, until the heat I feel from your pussy tells me the time is right.

I stand up, your face is red and flushed. I turn you around again and bend you slightly over, your hands resting on the wall underneath the showerhead. I lean back and take my penis in hand, aiming it at your opening. I hear you make an audible moan as I slide into you fully, every inch of me inside you. You gasp as you feel me inside you for the first time. I stand up and lean onto your back, putting my hands over yours on the wall as I begin to thrust into you, penetrating you as deep as I can. I resume kissing your neck as I fuck you hard and deep, the tempo increasing with our lust and your moans. This time is not like the others though. I am lasting longer then I ever have, not wanting to be the first to cum on your day of pleasure. I keep fucking you, my hands sliding down you to rest on your hips so I can fuck you harder, just the way I know you like it; the way you've always wanted it. The way I've always envisioned you taking it. Over and over I fuck you, as fast as I physically can, pushing my sexual limits for you. Suddenly, I feel you start to go limp and I slide into you as far as I can and I hold it there. You start to cum and I try to hold you up, but I end up going down with you, myself cuming as well. I shoot my sperm inside of you, spurt after spurt. There so much and it feels as if I may never stop.

After I do stop, I get up and give you a kiss. You are still on the floor of the shower, lost in some other world. I tell you that I will see you tonight as I leave you in the wake of the first orgasm I have ever given you. I dress and let myself out, longing for the evening.