 "I am by no means a writer. I do enjoy reading erotic stories and thought some of you might also. So here goes nothing into some my adventures in healthcare. No, I'm no stud. No, I'm not conceited. Yes, I've been a very lucky guy."

I went to call the last patient back for their heart exam and I saw her. Young, blonde and very sexy. I thought finally someone not 80 years old. When she smiled at me I thought I would melt. After I had gotten all her vital signs and a brief history, I escorted her to the exam room. Watching her walk and looking at that tight little butt made me hard while I was walking her to the room. I explained that her physician had sent her for an echocardiogram, which was an ultrasound of her heart. She had been complaining of some palpitations (an irregular heart beat we all have at times) and he wanted to rule out any congenital problems.

She said she understood and that her physician had explained it to her in great detail before hand. I told her that was good to hear; not many patients understood why they came here and what was going to be done to them. I couldn't help but notice how she looked at me. She had very provocative, sensual eyes and they seemed to roam. Snap out of it guy! Why the hell would this beautiful young babe (she was 20 years old, but just barely) be checking you out? Still, I couldn't help but notice that wicked little smile she would give after looking me over. 

At times I could swear she was starring at my crouch, which by now was getting uncomfortably tight from my cock taking on a life and will of it's own. I explained that she would have to get undressed from the waist up and put the thin paper gown on with the opening in the front, so I could scan her and try to keep her covered up as much as possible. She gave me a little laugh and said oh really? There was that smile again. She asked me if I liked my job, since I got to see women undress all day? I said, yeah it's not that bad if you like to see your grandmother all day! She laughed out loud. She said well I'm not your grandmother and started to unbuttoned her blouse (trust me, I was very tempted to stay, but I couldn't) I told her that I would step out so she could finish undressing… she said suit yourself and smiled. 

By the time I had gotten into the hall my cock was as hard as a rock! Damn I wanted to stay and see her beautiful full breasts. From what I had seen they had to be at least 34C maybe D cups. But we have a thing called ethics. This was going to be difficult. I had to clear my mind and quick! I couldn't let my dick get me into this much trouble.

I stepped back into the exam room and she was already sitting on the table with her paper gown on. She looked gorgeous even in this setting. She made no effort to hold the gown together or show the slightest bit of modesty. I took longer than I should looking at her open gown. I could see her full breasts from the opening in front. She was perfect. I asked her to lay down and turn on her left side, so I could start the examination. As I applied the gel to the transducer my hands were a little shaky. I started by placing the transducer to her chest and she giggled saying it was cold. I told her it would warm up quickly and it did! I could feel her right breast very easily against my hand as I started the exam. Her breast was so silky soft. I wanted to just take it in my hand and caress it. 

As I moved my hand during the exam I could feel the warmth from her body. To be more precise, her gorgeous firm butt as she gently moved closer to me or did she? I was feeling bold and accidentally brushed against her nipple. I felt it stiffen at my touch. Was I dreaming that she was as excited as I was or merely cold from the gel? I found the nerve to let my thumb gently stroke her nipple. Feeling no resistance I got a little bolder and gently rolled her nipple between my index finger and thumb. Her nipple felt very fat and hard. I distinctly heard a little moan. God! She was making me hot. 

Before I could think another horny thought I felt her hand behind her back and gently rubbing my raging hard on! "MMMmmmm," I was wondering when you would finally make your move"- she said. "My nipples are so sensitive; I can feel every pull go right to my clit." She turned and lay on her back still rubbing my cock through my pants. I was speechless. I started to apologize and she stopped me. "Don't say anything just kiss me." Her mouth felt so warm, wet and sexy. Our tongues poking and probing each other's mouth, she tasted so hot and sweet. I couldn't help myself. As our embrace ended I stepped back to admire her. Her breasts were perfect, so full and round with just a little bit of sag to them. I knew these were real and not some silicone implants. Her nipples were very large and her aureoles were the size of silver dollars. Large puffy nipples just drive me crazy with lust. "You like?"

"Yes, very much." She looked so sexy and so hot. 

She slid off the exam table and quickly knelt before me slowly stroking my aching cock through my pants. "I want to see just how excited I've gotten you," she said. The next thing I knew my pants are down and her fingers are gliding across my cock. I could feel her hot breath against my throbbing cock and she licked the head with a quick flick of her tongue. My mind a blur as I felt her mouth slowly start to suck the head of my cock into her mouth. Moaning into my cock as she sucked me down her throat. I felt like I was leaking precum by the gallons as she gave one of the best blowjobs I've ever had. I was running my fingers through her thick blonde hair as she was sucking me with such intensity I thought I would blackout. "I'm gonna cum if you don't stop" I said. "Good, I want to taste all of you. I love the taste of cum" she said.

I pulled her up anyway, not wanting to loose my nerve (I'm fearless when I'm horny as hell). I've got to taste you and quickly unbuttoned her jeans pulling them to her ankles. I could smell her sweet musky pussy even before her jeans were off! As I looked at her sexy white panties I could clearly see just how wet she was. Her panties were so thin and wet they were almost transparent. God she had such an incredible pussy. The lips were so puffy and swollen even through her panties. As I peeled her panties down her hips I saw her blonde hair come into to view. It was very blonde, soft, neatly trimmed and stopped just above her clit. Damn she looked sexy as hell. What surprised me was how hard and big her clit was. It must have been at least a 1" long and the size of a pencil. I'm no virgin but, I've never seen a clit that big before. I kissed and licked all around her sweet pussy without actually touching her clit. She was moaning and moving her hips trying to get my lips or tongue and both near her fat clit. "Please" she said. "Please suck my clit, I need it so bad."

"God make me cum." I slowly ran my tongue over her clit and I could feel muscles in her flat stomach and thighs involuntarily twitch, never mind the way her pussy was convulsing. She had my mind racing a 100-mph. The more I licked and sucked on her engorged clit the more her pussy would spasm and the more her pussy would secrete the sweetest juices you could imagine. Pussy juice was running down her thighs so much I thought I would drown. Damn I had never seen a woman get so wet and I loved it! Finally it happened. She came with such intensity like I have never seen. Her pussy gushed pussy juice like it was a faucet. And she tasted so damn good. Hot, tangy and oh so sweet. I guess she was what they called a "squirter" and I loved it. 

I slide up her beautiful body and kissed her on her mouth. She kissed me so sweet and sexy, tasting her own pussy juices. "MMMmmmm, I do taste pretty good, huh?" and she giggled. "Yes you do" I told her. I was desperate to feel my cock inside her. I continued to kiss her and slowly wiggled my hips feeling her pussy lips brush my cockhead. That was when I felt her thrust up and my cock slide inside of her with ease. She was so wet, but so tight at the same time. What a feeling. I could feel her pussy muscles almost milking my cock. This girl was good! Pulling her legs up to her breasts she told me in no uncertain terms to fuck her and fuck her hard. Which I was more than happy to do. We were like animals, hot sweaty fucking animals. The harder I pounded my thick cock into her the more she liked it. Slowly my balls began to get tight and I could feel her pussy starting to contract around my cock even more. When she looked up at me and said " Fuck me, I want to feel your hot thick cum shooting in my pussy" is when I lost it. I started cumming in long thick streams into the sweetest pussy I've felt in a while. I could feel the head dip deep into her womb with each thrust and I could feel her contractions around my cock. She was moaning so loud I knew we would get caught. I put my hand over her mouth to muffle her moans. All the while her pussy was milking my cock like a silken hand. 

When I pulled out of her pussy, my cock was covered in our thick juices. She immediately slid to her knees and started to lick and suck me like she was starved for food. Damn it feels so good to have your cock sucked after a good fuck. And this girl loved to suck cock. When she was though milking the last drops of hot thick cum from my balls she stood and she kissed me so sexy. 

I sat exhausted on the exam table watching her get dressed. I could not believe what had just happened. She slowly put her bra on, making sure each breast fit in each cup just so (I think she was doing this just for my benefit) and I loved it. 

Then she left, just as she had entered my life. Without a word.

I suddenly felt my knees grow weak. We must have been heard! I would get fired for sure. I straightened my clothes and stepped out into the hall and found no one. Huh? Then I realized I was the only one in the office. She was the last patient and everyone had left for the night. Everyone's always in a hurry to get home on Friday night. 

TGIF.