 As I sit here, sipping my coffee; Waiting breathlessly for you, I think back to my dreams, how the passions had risen to such a fevered pitch. The “uh-oh” of ICQ rings in my ears and shakes me out of my daydream. A soft smile playing on my lips, I see it is you on my Q. I type: "G’day" and ask "how was your night?”

You reply: "It was good. How did you sleep Angel?” 

"Very well Baby; I had the most interesting dreams last night. I must say they were very wickedly delicious.”

Knowing that I have caught your attention, I wait for you to enquire about my dreams. You probe me for details, but I reply giggling softly: "Oh no! You have to go to work Baby, I will tell you about them this evening.”

"But Angel, you won’t tell me anything?”


"You have to go to work Love, and there will be more than plenty of time this evening.”

"That’s not fair you know.”

"Mmmmm... I know love, but then, you know it’s more fun that way."

Our conversation is polite and short, as they are every morning before you must leave to go to work. Our exchanges are brief, but the feelings expressed are immeasurable. Snickering and thinking to myself: “I always love the way he calls me Angel.” 

We take time to exchange pleasantries, and I promised, that evening I would tell you about my dreams. You sigh telling me you have to be off to work. Bid me a fond farewell, and that you will see me at the regular time. 

I reply: "Ringing me anytime; after 8 is always safe.”

“I love you Angel and I’m thinking of you.”

“I love you more Baby.”

“Sighs...I’m gone”

“Bye Baby!!!! You have a most wonderful day at work. Please be careful getting there!”

Sitting back after you disappear, I down my last swallow of coffee, thinking of events past as I have let myself grow so close to you. My days and thoughts filled with nothing more. The tenderness you show stirs something in me I’ve not felt for so long. You fill my soul and my heart, at times it feels as if it would burst with the closeness we’ve shared. 

He’s a kind man with a soft soul. Gentle by nature, but easy to rouse as well. He stands roughly about 6’3”, strong and protective with very stout build. He’s got the most gorgeous eyes and a smile that would make any woman melt. The dimples... oh gawd he has the cutest dimples too, I am always telling him I would love to run my tongue across them... And it never fails to make him blush. His hair is dark, cut short and a nicely trimmed beard. A deep resonate voice, it always made me wonder how he could talk so soft and gentle. 

I am 5’7” with a medium build, I wouldn’t say that my figure would win an award, but I wouldn’t scare anyone either. I have hazel eyes and red hair. I tend to smile a lot and love to laugh. He loves to try to make me blush and does a pretty good job of it to. I consider myself to be pretty plain compared to some, but I think I make up for it with my personality. 

We talk quite a lot on the microphone in a vocal chat. He whispers ever so softly in my ear, the words for me alone. The tender caresses and passionate kisses, affect me in ways I thought could never be. Gawd, I couldn’t count the times I would leave the computer so wet. His voice always soft and affectionate, as he would tell me things he would love to do. I could hear my breath as it would rise to his words. We always talk of our wants and desires, our dreams and of our realities, the things that go on in our everyday real lives. Gawd knows how much we have laughed at ourselves for the silliest of things, and cried as our emotions swept us up in this torrid life online. 

Sitting back reminiscing on times back. I smile, as I remember the first night we cybered. Now I know it was not the first time for me, and I don’t think it was for him either. I think we were both just very nervous. Both of us wanting so much to please the other, and yet wanting to be pleased ourselves. The tender caresses and passionate kisses, affected me in ways I thought could never be. We’ve been together for a couple of months now. We’ve always teased and passed flirtatious play with one another but never went so far as to cyber.

“Patience is a virtue.” I would say, but damn at times my patience was running out quickly. I wanted him as much as he wanted me. When we finally stepped those bounds, it became something I will cherish forever. The things I felt when we were together that night seemed endless. The things he made me feel, had me breathlessly panting on this end. At the time I worried more if he felt the same. I remember so vividly how it began.

We were both eager to touch, but hesitant. You would think “hell online they do not see you.” but the feelings are real; they’re there, you know. There are those who don’t feel the words as we do. Feel the passion as it rises slowly to its crescendo, and then the feeling of coming down from that particular high.

We snuggled up in each others arms whispering sweet, loving words to each other. It all seem to start as a game, we had a pillow fight. Laughing I remember him hitting me with a bean bag chair as the little white Styrofoam beads went everywhere. I ran quickly as I could to the bathroom and him catching me. He scooped me in his strong arms tossing me over his shoulder, and whisked me away to the bedroom. Taking me from his shoulder, he laid me upon the bed, lying beside me and looking into my eyes and truly seeing my soul. His stare was long and deep. No words passed, we just looked deeply into each others eyes. He smiled at me and as I smiled back felt a flush rise to my cheeks as I cast my eyes elsewhere blushing furiously. 

He touched my face gently with his fingertips brushing them against my cheek as he reached down to kiss me lightly on my lips. The kiss was soft and passionate, I felt his hand brush down my neck, and along my shoulder to my upper arm as he pulled me too him and deepened the kiss. My heart lurched, as my body responded to his kiss.

The gentlest of touches sending my skin into fits of electrical delight. I began to feel like I was on fire. I could feel the nervousness of his touch, as I am sure he felt the same in me. It was too late to stop then, we had gone too far now. His hand moved slowly to my shirt, unbuttoning it with slow graceful moves as he worked his way down. The last button gave way to his fingers, and he brushed my shirt aside exposing my chest. 

The kiss broke. He looked down and watched as he traced his fingers across my chest. I sucked in my breath as his finger brushed carelessly beneath the edge of my bra. I closed my eyes and let out a long, soft sigh. My whole body shivered as I relaxed under his touch. I could feel the warmth of his fingers caressing me, as they worked there way further under my bra line. His finger tips lightly brushing over my nipples as they hardened and swelled under his tender missives. I purred softly under my breath.

I thought to myself: “I wondered how a man can make me desire him so? Why does my body seem to have a mind of its own when he is with me?” These questions whirled through my head, and as soon as he touched me, everything blurred into one massive emotion. Everything poured into feelings and emotions, his soft words and touch unlocked my deepest desires. 

I feel his hand brushing over the top of my bra, reaching and finding the front clasp. The clasp gave under his nimble fingers; I felt my bra snap open. The confines of the material eased, my breasts fell free. I glanced to see him smile tenderly, as he gazed down at my breasts brushing his hand lightly across my chest, back and forth. He tweaked my nipples, pulling them up as he twisted them between his fingers. I’m lost in his touch as I gasped softly for a breath, my body trembled. 

He began to work his hand down my body. I ran my hands up under the pillow under my head and grasped it in my hands, as my body began to writhe at his touch. His hands seeking and slipping down further, as it grazed lightly up and down my leg. On the second pass, I felt my skirt as he pushed it up. I obliged and raised my hips slightly, the tops of my black thigh high stockings exposed to him.

Brushing his hands lightly over my black satin knickers and over the little embroidered roses. He slid his hand back down my hip and along my leg, reaching and pulling my leg up along his and up to his hip resting it there. He turned his attention back to my face, his finger turning my head gently. Smiling down to me and reaching down he kissed me in a long, deep, and very passionate kiss. 

My arm reached out to hug him and pull him to me, in an embrace. His skin is hot against my chest. He slid his body atop mine as his arms boor his upper body. We lock eyes after the kiss; I could feel his heavy breath, the corners of his mouth upturn in a soft smile. My hands crept from his shoulders, down the length of his chest to his belly, and back up, feeling the muscles tightening under my touch. I could feel him harden within the confines of his pants. He shifted slightly and I wriggled beneath him.

He slid back; bearing his weight more on his knees, and began kissing me on my chin. I tilted my head back exposing more of my neck to him, his lips are hot, and his moist tongue grazed down my neck. His tongue passed down and around the hollow of my neck, and then dipping down into it. I let out a soft sigh, as he nibbled tenderly around my neck. His hands swept up and down my sides, as I squirmed within his grasp. His hands quivered, feeling his nervousness as I tried to hide my own. 

I sensed his tongue slide down my chest and stop. Slowly his tongue glided across to my nipple, as he ran his tongue over it. The tip of his tongue circling it as it hardened, and I saw him open his mouth wide and place over my nipple sucking it. Letting his lips close as he grasped it between his teeth and tickled it with his tongue. My back arched as my body responded, my fingers tightened on his shoulders. I could feel a sensation that began to build deep inside me. The sharp intake in my breath, grabbed his attention as he looked up and smiled. Pulling my nipple up with his lips and letting it slip away. He turned his attention to the other and slowly began to tease me, his hands moved up quietly to wrap about my breasts and squeeze them within his hands.

Fondling, squeezing my breasts he started to kiss his way down my belly. He nibbled the edges of my belly button, and then reamed it with his tongue. I tightened the muscles in my stomach. I drew in a deep breath, as my mouth worded breathlessly his name. His touch is slow, even meticulous taking his time as he felt my body giving into the pleasure. He kissed down below my belly button, until he reached the waistband of my knickers. 

Grasping them with his teeth his hands slipped down to grasp the sides and he started to pull them down slowly. Working them down, he hesitated, just over my mound and I felt the light brush of a cool breeze as he inhale. Pulling my knickers down, my body responded to his. My hips rose to make it easier for him. He finally worked them down to my knees and sitting down he pull them free from me, raising my feet one by one to assist him in getting them off. 

I sat up to watch him move quietly from the bed, he started to unbutton his shirt. Scrambling up I took and got up on my knees in the bed, giving him a hand to unbutton his shirt. He dropped his hands to my shoulders, as I undressed him. Unbuttoning his shirt and kissing his chest, feeling the hairs as they tickle my nose. He reached down and kissed me softly on my head. I smiled into his chest. Pulling his shirt free from his pants I unbuttoned his last button and slid my hands up under his shirt and push it off his shoulders. 

I sat back on my heels and let my hands run the length of his body, my eyes consumed by him, taking in the sight. I smiled reaching over to kiss his belly and inhaling his scent deeply. I felt heady, with the intoxication of his scent. I felt myself moistening, the heat between my legs rose as I enjoy the feel and sensation of his skin. He pushed me back gently and continued undressing; I rose from the bed and took off my blouse and bra, pulled my skirt free from my hips.

Giggling I jumped back into bed, and I felt his body against mine as he mock tackled me. Laughing together, we enjoyed a brisk romp around the bed to lighten the nervous feelings. The lighthearted play seemed to do the trick as we both relaxed and enjoyed the lessoning of tension. Wrestling around he pined me down, sitting on top of me and he began tickling me most unmerciful. Trying my best to fight him off, he took and pinned my hands above my head, wagging his finger at me. I tried to bite his finger as he laughed and told me that I cannot bite him. Raising my eyebrow, I show false bravado to him, and again he laughed. 

He bent down embracing me in a hot fiery kiss, my body melting all the fight left me. He enclosed my face in his hands, as I reached to hug him tighter. Our passions began to grow once again. He broke off the kiss, and I looked at him and pouted. He smiled and snickered at me, showing me a slight wicked grin. Once again he commenced to work his way down my body, as my body responded openly to his to touch. 

His hands caressed me, as his tongue traced a light line of moisture down my belly. Warm breaths blown along the trail, made me shiver and moan in delight. He started to kiss down my legs. I propped myself up to watch him, my eyes locked on his every move, smiling I saw him look up and smile at me with a very devilish grin. Teasing, enticing me as he worked his way back up nibbling the inside of my thigh. My head tilted back as I let it drop, my voice quivered as I sighed. 

I felt my body shudder as the touch of his tongue ran up my inner thigh. He pushed my legs apart wider, and slipped his hands beneath my bum, lifting me up higher and kissing me softly, and then he ran the tip of his tongue up my slit. I let myself go at his touch, as my senses began reeling, my mind wandered in a blissful state. He nibbled gently at my lips sucking them into his mouth, and pulled back stretching them. I rose up on my toes trying to push up further my hips commenced to wriggle as I felt his grip on my bum tighten. 

He stopped and smiled wickedly up at me, and then he opened his mouth, placed it over my slit and began to suck. His tongue darted in and out of me, my body squirmed as my breaths quickened. He took the tip of his tongue slipped it up and circled and teased my clit, as I struggled for a breath. Panting and moaning louder, calling his name, my hips convulsed as I trembled at the feeling, the fire within me growing hotter and hotter. 

He could feel the urgency in my body grow. He intensified his ardour to the task, dipping his tongue deep in me. Lowering my hips and slipping his hands from beneath me, he slid one hand over mine as I teased my breasts. He watched as I pinched and pulled my nipples, and he smiled. His other hand slipped between my legs, as he moved his finger up and down my slit. 

Dropping his head, he sucked on my clit rolling it within his mouth with his tongue. His fingers delved deep as my hips rose up high to meet his finger. My hips jerked upward as he took and moved them, rolling my hips in a type of figure eight pattern. Sucking my clit hard, my breath raspy and panting hard moaning and squirming in his grip. I can feel his fingers moving faster, as I kept pace with his, arching my back high. My stomach churned, feeling the fire within me build to a point that I could not stand much longer. 

I took in a long breathe and screamed out his name, he plunged his fingers deeper and faster, sucking on me harder. I could take no more as my body arched and I shuddered uncontrollably. He pulled his fingers free, sucking and dipping his tongue in me tasting the juices that flowed from inside me. His eyes lit as I looked down to see the smile growing on his face. I was panting hard feeling a light sweat upon my forehead as I smiled back down to him, trying hard to catch my breath. 

He changed his position to where he was on his hands and knees, he crawled up close to me; He raised my legs, and placed them on his shoulders. He leaned down and kissed me softly, I tasted my juices on his mouth. It was a most erotic taste. The musky scent invaded my nostrils. I kissed him back deeply and passionately. His hardness sitting on my belly, he pushed himself back up into a kneeling position. He took his hardness and rubbed it slowly up and down my slit. I could feel the heat of it, as it made me whimper. 

My voice was low, begging to feel him fill me. The sensation I got when I felt him take and place the head at my entrance. He moved back down into a position easily suited for him and started pushing slowly and deliberately. He stopped just inside as I started to groan. My hips rose up and wriggled against him, my body begged him. I could sense his body tensing, and he pushed hard and deep into me. He let out a low growl, as I moaned. His cheek touched mine as he began to drive himself in and out. 

At first he set a slow meticulous pace, his short strokes had me gasping for breath. He then changed to deep long strokes, then a hard thrusting pace that had me purring in delight. He kept me so off track with his changing paces; I did not know what to anticipate next. Stopping to let himself calm, we kissed and touched. The gentleness shown between us, even though there were no words spoken. There was not a reason for words, as the affection and sensations were too much for words alone. The look in his eyes told it all.

He entered me again very slowly, letting me feel him as he filled me. He set in motion the chain as he built higher and higher. The panting and gasping, his deep resonate groans as I felt him begin to move closer to that point. I could feel myself coming to another climax. I wrapped my legs about his hips pulling him harder into me. He told me in a raspy breath that he was fixing to cum, and my body rose to meet the challenge to cum with him. He leaned down telling me close to my ear that he was so close, and I gasp begging him to cum in me. 

Reaching down to nibble my ear, He reached and kissed me hard on the mouth, the passion flowing within us both. He looked intensely into my eyes, and I felt his body go rigid as he began to cum, triggering me to cum as well my back arching high I heard myself cry out to Him. He filled me, as He came hard. I could feel the warmth spread through me like a fire, triggering me as my body spasmed repeatedly. I could feel the muscles in his arms quiver, and it made me shudder by the reaction. 

Our bodies spent, He rested on his elbow atop me. Looking into my eyes and whispering to me for the first time.

 “I love you, Angel.” 

The only words to come forth from him and he smiled a soft tender smile. I felt the tears begin to well in my eyes, as I look up to him. Leaning, he shifted his weight to one side, gently wiping the tears from my eyes, and enquiring as to why I wept. 

“I’ve never had anything feel as wonderful as when I am with you baby, thank you so much.”

I smiled back up to him, at the tenderness he showed me. 

“I love you, with all my heart.” 

I spoke my words softly for only his ears. Pulling his face to me and kissing him tenderly. 

Together we lay for a time, he moved to my side. Putting his arm behind my head and pulled me close to him. My head lying on his chest I could feel his heartbeat. I looked up at him and told him. 

“We may not be together for real Baby, but I am always with you here.” 

Placing my hand gently over his heart, smiling. 

“I know Angel, and I am with you always.”

We drifted into gentle dreams nestled in each other’s arms, and dreamt sweet dreams.