 Butterfly Kisses

The day was warm with a cool breeze blowing and I had no intentions of doing anything on my day off, especially meeting someone I had never seen before; not even a picture to glance at. I was not one to just jump into things of this nature. I had only met a couple of people and I had talked with them and seen pictures and chatted online for several months before even considering seeing them in person. I was very cautious in that aspect. If I ever did meet anyone it usually was in a very public place. Never did I saunter into the devils own yard; so to speak.

There was something about your voice and the way you talked to me that made me very curious and very comfortable. Not many people could do that. Especially not on the phone or just by chatting online. 

It had been a long time since we first talked and I just figured you had made up your mind to pursue other avenues. Then one day out of the blue I got a call. I got a IM. You explained how you had been away and now you were back. We talked several other times after that and got to know each other a little better. You asked each time we talked if I would meet you. I turned you down. Then one time you asked and I was just in the mood to come for a visit. You gave me directions, to your place. I was so nervous....I didn't know what to expect. I didn't know if you would even like me. I had no clue as to what you looked like except for your descriptions. I was just going to try and relax and make the best of it.

I approached your house, and called to make sure I was in the right area. You led me right to the door and then told me the wrong one. I waited as you realized your error and came to find me. You were so sexy, so sweet, and so friendly. I felt comfortable right at the start. Even though I was still quivering inside. I had worn a skirt and top for the first meeting.....and you let me know right up front that I looked sexy. 

My belly churned as I gave you a hug for the first time. It was warm and igniting. I felt the magnetism from the start. You surrounded me with gentleness, warmth, and softness. You were so sweet affectionate and passionate.......And that first kiss was so full of desire and heat, it nearly took my breath away. The way you kissed was more than I could have ever imagined. It is like you read my mind as to the way I liked to kiss. You received my kisses and gave back the heat and desire. Those kisses were enough to stir up the mix. I could feel my lust grow and my wanton desires. I felt my loins get moist from the fluid that escaped from my woman hood. I felt flushed and dizzy. I wanted you and I wanted you right then.

I could feel you hard dick beneath me as it grew from my touch. I felt as though you were in sync with me and knew just what the next move would be. Foreplay was glorious as we played awhile on the couch. As the moment grew, you reminded me of the first message you ever sent me. "It was can I kiss your butterfly?" and indeed you did. I gave you a taste of my butterfly juice as it sprayed from the daunting pleasures you placed upon its lips. I was in intense pleasure from your mouth. Your hands moving across my body to explore my every curve. I let my self writhe in the heat of the moment. I could tell you were enjoying my company as well. 

There was a knock at the door, you sent me to a more private area as u went to answer the door. After a few moments you came back but this time we were in your bed. We lay there and played a little more. I rubbed your hard cock and got down to the position to taste you. I consumed your dick and sucked it to the back of my throat swallowing the tip. I moved my hands to caress your balls and then sucked them as well. I licked your inner thighs...my tongue traced your underwear line.........or should I say tan line since you were a freedom sort of guy. I felt you flinch beneath me as you expressed that I was tickling you. I licked that much more. Your fluid began to escape from your cock as you placed yourself on top of me and entered me with ease. The first stroke is always so electrifying. As we enjoyed each stroke there after...each moment more intensified. The moans of pleasure, the whispers of erotic enjoyment. The way you filled me was total and complete. It felt so gratifying to be with a lover that knew and felt my desires and passions without speaking a word. I felt your mount tighten as your grip grew tight. I had come to the brink of explosion and together we let ourselves go. I had not done that in a while. Hardly ever did I orgasm at the same time as my partner. It felt elating.

We lay there holding each other. Caressing each other. Just enjoying the company and touch of each other. Talking about everyday things, as if we had been together for a long time. It was comforting. It was relaxing. 

As we lay there in the afterglow. I could feel my desires starting to ignite again. I started kissing you again. You grew hard with my kisses. I could feel your hunger growing. We began to play again but this time we did not waste anytime in getting to making love. It was full of hunger, lust and wanton passion. You mounted me, without any thought. I met your hips with mine as we rode together. This time one cumming then the other. It was more fast paced than before. It was more full of animalistic heat. It was intense and erotic. It was absolutely satisfying.

Again we lay together as we noticed the time and figured we better depart. I didn't want to leave and neither did you, but it was a must. We would have other times together I had said. You were sure of yourself and said that I could come back anytime. I laughed as you walked me to my vehicle. I smiled and said, "Do you still want to kiss my butterfly?" You laughed and said I did, and will again.