 It was our second date, and it was time to fuck.

I had Charlene on her couch, spooning her as she lay on her right side, my hard cock poised and ready to enter her. I love that particular position, because not only can my cock enter deeply yet at a leisurely, mutually comfortable pace, but it also leaves both hands free, one to play with her nipples, which in Char's case were the approximate length of banana peppers, and the other to stroke and stimulate her clit. It also allows just the right angle to kiss, either on her full, flush lips, or on her neck and shoulder blades. And at this time, all of the above were occurring simultaneously. 

Things were hot. The first date, in a public place, the Borgata casino bar, almost ended with public fornication, such was our immediate sexual chemistry, but casinos tend to frown on that kind of activity. Hence, Char's invitation to spend the night at her house, no kids, no time constraints, no pesky bouncers witnessing the events. 

Charlene was blonde, 5'8", slender, but with fairly large breasts (C cup), nice legs, and a tight ass that she is legitimately quite proud of, especially for a woman in her forties. Even more endearing was her self-description during a conversation over the phone in between our first and second dates. "I've often wondered what the exact definition of a nymphomaniac is, and whether I meet the criteria. What can I say, the older I get, I just love to fuck." 

Yes, it was time to fuck, all right.

The initial penetration is always the most erotic part to me. I love the feeling of stretching a woman as she adapts to my size for the first time, her being so open and vulnerable to a stiff cock, both physically and emotionally. Her body protested slightly at the invasion at first, shocked at both the depth of my initial stroke and the size.

Acutely aware of her reactions, I stayed still allowing her body to adjust to me. I felt her body relaxing but she was still incredibly tight, her core still gripping me like a vise. I gritted my teeth as every muscle in my body urged me to drive into her, to slam my big piece into her until we were both gasping and panting for breath.

I began to play with her tits while my cock eased into her channel, agonizingly slowly, quarter-inch by quarter-inch. Her breasts were big. Bigger even than I had thought, soft, warm, pale, rising to a point at her impossibly long dark pink nipples, and I sat back while my cock throbbed inside of her just to look for a little bit. 

I had thought about what they looked like since the nanosecond I had seen her, and now I lifted them high in the air with my hands snaking around her torso, and with her back arched, she was giving them to me, begging me to take them, and I felt how hard her nipples were, and I contorted my neck to take her right nipple in my mouth, and with the first touch of my tongue on her, she cried out, the verbal introductory warning for the approach of the first of many orgasms.

Char's hands joined mine in fondling her tits and we played with them together while I fucked her harder. The sight of us in the mirror across the living room made us even hotter, my dick appearing and disappearing inside of her folds as her flopping tits were being pleasured by four hands at once.

"Play with your clit too," I told her, and I eased her hand down to her mound.

She began to shiver as her cunt pulsed and contracted over my cock, now impaled a good seven inches within her. Her voice getting raspy now, she grunted, "You fuck me so good John... Oh baby I'm gonna start cumming on your big cock."

Char obeyed my whispered demands in her ear to continue to touch herself, and again and again we strummed her clit in tandem, as well as massaged her big tits. The sight in the mirror was driving us wild. Wave after wave of pleasure washed over Char's sexy body, I could feel her stomach churn and her thighs pulsate with heat. She was now cumming so hard I felt as if she were going to detonate.

She began to whine louder in orgasmic glee, "Oh God I'm cumming, hard...Fuck me John....Fuck me deep...Make me your own private little whore...Oh God John I'm falling in love with your big cock."

I fucked her as hard as I could now, sweat pouring from our bodies, her left leg now dangling in mid-air as my cock stretched her wide. Char grunted, "That's it Baby... Take your pussy... Ruin it with your big cock... Stretch my pussy so it fits just you."

I let her finish cumming, then got up and flipped her onto her back, and dragged her to the edge of the couch as I stood up. I placed her legs over my shoulders and ground my cock back into her. I had stretched her pussy and she now accepted my girth easily. I couldn't believe it was possible but I got even deeper in her this way. I held her ankles, one in each hand and spread her legs wide for me. I gave her long, hard, deep strokes; pulling all the way out to the tip, then slamming the entire eight-inch length back in. I felt my heavy balls slapping against her ass cheeks as I fucked her into ecstasy.

Char was rolling her head from side to side as I hard-fucked her. She began to cum again, "Oh yes, John... Fuck it's big... it's so fucking big... give it to me baby... make me take it all... stretch me baby... open my pussy up wide with your cock."

I fucked her now with wild abandon. Char wrapped her arms and legs around me, holding me close. This time she kissed me. A lover's kiss; passionate and wet. She sucked on my tongue while I began to slow fuck her, burying my big, thick cock balls deep in Char's sopping snatch. When I had stuffed her full, I began to rotate my hips in a circle, helping her pussy stretch even more to accommodate my size. She lifted her hips as I thrust into her; letting me get just that much deeper in her tight pussy. She welcomed my cock into its new home. I ground my hips roughly against her hard clit and her orgasms came rushing back.

She was losing control again. She moaned, "Oh baby... You are so good to me...Fuck me John... It's so deep inside me."

I could hold back no longer and began to shoot my seed deep into Char''s womb. I emptied my balls inside her, filling her with my sticky cum, spraying deep into her uterus. She came with me again making her pussy a wet sloppy mess.

Literally shocking me with her energy, as she felt my climax start to slow, Char pulled my still-shooting penis out of her sopping cunt and wormed herself down toward my cock. Without hesitation she wrapped her entire mouth around the member. I felt a surge of pleasure/pain shoot into directly my loins, and I involuntarily grabbed Char's head between my hands, face-fucking her, urging her to take it all. She sucked and sucked and sucked, her tongue and mouth cavity vacuumed tightly around my shaft. She was literally summoning every last remaining drop of the jizz out of my slit with her vicious suck.

I had donated every ounce of sperm that I had, or so I thought, but she did not stop, she worked her tongue under me, assuring she had captured every drop, still licking and sucking as I felt the aftershocks of my powerful orgasm and was unable to focus my eyes for a moment, as she finally relinquished ownership of me, and curled up in between my legs, with her head on my thigh, and softly stroked me, still half-erect. 

She continued to softly stroke my dick, which I was amazed to see was responding to her. She leaned up and whispered in my ear.

"Will you fuck me again?", she asked.

"I love the way you just fucked me." 

She raised her body up to kiss me on the mouth next, with her hand still stroking me, finding my mouth with hers, and giving me such warm, wet kisses that I was almost breathless from them and her hand on my dick. Then, pulling her hot mouth away from mine again, she moved down, down, this time stroking my rapidly resuscitating dick with her magnificent, just-fucked sweaty body all the way down, rubbing my cock against her flat belly, again against her heavy breasts, and now her mouth found mine again. 

It was sweet torture, but achieving the desired effect, as my cock was making a Lazarus-like revival from the dead. I held on tightly to the back of her hair, now my hands in fists, as her tongue, with my dick in her hand, made merciless circles around the sensitive tip.

Round and round, while slowly stroking me, up and down, and I could see her eyes fluttering from getting off on doing this, and I couldn't tear my eyes away from her, her hair wild and messy from the recently completed hot fuck, partly over her eyes, but I could still see them. I could see them glancing up at my face in almost animalistic heat.

And slowly, making those slow, teasing circles, she moved her fingers in a circle down my dick as her mouth slowly, slowly swallowed me to the nuts and she moaned as she could feel me getting harder still. I couldn't believe how hard she made me, so fast, she had me that turned on. 

I was now like a rock once again against her tongue as she stroked me with it, teasing my balls now with her fingers, she started, started to go faster now. I saw she wasn't going to slow.

And now even faster, her tongue working my thick shaft, in, and out, and in, and out, so hot, now dripping wet in her mouth, her tongue still working the tip of my dick every time I slid out, but now she would not let me out that far, and I heard her as she started to moan as she got faster. Now, every time she slid her mouth down the shaft of my dick, she would rotate her mouth so her lips swirled in a circle with each movement.

Her tongue was driving me crazy, harder motions, harder strokes, faster and faster her hungry mouth swallowed me, and I saw, despite the fact that I was so close again, that she was cumming, she was coming just from sucking my dick! I heard her moaning into my shaft, felt her fingers tightly into my thighs, and now she just sucked me wildly, so fast, so unbelievably fast, in, out, in, out and then she felt me tremble, felt me unable to control the guttural moan that escaped me, as my head went back, my back arched, and my cum began to rumble from deep in my testicles.

At the first taste, she pulled my shaft out of her mouth and aimed it at her own face. 

Two messy ropes splashed against her mouth and cheeks and onto her left eyelid. She used her fist to continue pumping, urging the last clear drops out onto her hand. After this, she snaked her body up onto my exhausted form, straddling me, rubbing her still soaked pussy flesh around my deflating penis. She shoved her fingers into my mouth, forcing me to taste myself, then she offered her face for me to lick clean, which I did hungrily. When the sperm was cleaned from her face, we found ourselves kissing tenderly, giving our kisses to one another. 

Finding stamina from some unknown source due to the sheer sexual adrenalin she had evoked within me, I picked Char up by the buttocks, lifted her, and placed her on the couch on her back. She looked down at me, with that kind of questioning look lovers give after sex for what seems like ages, a look that said, what could ever follow such sweet perfection? I gazed deeply into Char's eyes as I moved my hand between her legs and placed two fingers inside her. I stroked her g-spot and watched as she suckled her nipple with her mouth, nibbling herself softly. 

I moved both my arms around Charlene's midsection in a warm embrace, nothing more than a hug. I licked her neck, firmly, and Char shuddered again. She moaned loudly but could not form words. Then I pinched her nipple, and yet another orgasm threatened to wave over her. "Plea... please..." Char groped for the words. 

I kissed my way down to Char's belly button, digging in with my tongue, as my hands fondled her breasts, and she came again. At the precise moment I placed my tongue against her clitoris, the insatiable self-described nymphomaniac spasmed against my face and the couch flooded with her cum, as she ripped the pillows away from the couch with her flailing arms. 

She kicked and kicked at the air. She seemed to recover somewhat, slightly, as I licked deep inside her vagina, my lips moving with pressure against her smooth meaty walls, but the respite was brief as another shattering orgasm hit the nymph. She bounced like a ball on a trick seal's nose. Then I shoved my fingers back into her pussy as I moved down to lick her asshole, relishing the sour wetness between her cheeks. 

For the next five minutes, Char came repeatedly, calling hoarsely for me to stop, don't stop, stop, trying without strength to push me away from her gaping anus. She orgasmed, she orgasmed again, then she suffered through another one and another as I tongue lashed her asshole and rimmed her dark anal opening. I rubbed her legs and stomach with my hands, I grabbed her tits and arms and ribs, I even licked her thighs and knee pits and sucked her toes. She writhed helplessly, convulsing across the surface of the couch, sweating profusely, twisting her head back and forth, and made a generous, though somewhat obvious, offer.

"You can have my other hole... if you want it." 

In answer to her question, I pushed her down on her elbows and proceeded to rim her ass hole from the top. Her satiny behind began to move in concert with my oral efforts. I inserted the tip of my tongue past her tightly wound muscle. She thrust back against my face as if needing to pull my tongue inside her tight little hole.

"Oh that's very, very fucking dirty... and so very nice!" Char gushed. 

"Charlene, uh, are you experienced in, ah, anal sex?" I asked.

She responded succinctly. "It's been quite a while. My ex-husband didn't like it; he tried it once, but got turned off. My former lover, he took my ass regularly; he really got into it, but he was sometimes a bit too rough. I like it with the right man, a guy who knows what he's doing. I'm guessing from the tongue fuck you just gave my little pucker that you have some experience in these matters?"

I continued my oral exploration of her tender hole, working as much spit as I could inside. I inserted one, then two fingers through her tight anal ring. Her special opening relaxed as if on cue; she was more experienced than I had anticipated.

I rolled Char over on her back. She raised her tight thighs up against her big breasts, positioning herself quite nicely for the anal invasion. By now, my dick was again ready for the task. Nothing gets me re-energized than pleasuring a woman with my tongue the way I had just orally sated Char. I growled as I maneuvered my cockhead against her most intimate orifice, and she groaned when she heard the demand.

"Give me your ass, slut. You know you want it—look at you, preparing it---and you know you want it, you ass whore, don't you?"

Turns out, as much as she enjoyed the dirty talk, Char did not enjoy being banged up the ass from directly above, the angle was not quite right and she couldn't handle my girth without pain. The last thing I ever want to do to a woman is inflict pain. Maybe some get off on that BDSM stuff, but not me. Sex, even anal plundering, should be all about pleasure. 

Call me old-fashioned that way, I thought, as she rolled on her side and I read her mind, coming up closely behind her as she wantonly reached back and spread her butt cheeks in renewed invitation. This time, I found the comfortable target quickly, jammed the fat head of my cock past the barrier muscle and slowly shoved my high hard one deep in her bowels. I pushed both of her thighs out of the way and settled into perfect position in front of her as I began a slow, lazy invasion of her rectum.

Some women hate anal sex---the pain, the submission---the sense that it is just an act of male domination. She had had less than enjoyable anal experiences. This one was starting out very differently. I made love to the parts of her face and breasts that I could reach with my lips and tongue as I made love to her ass.

I know I am fairly well endowed, so I was gentle, if indeed an ass fucking can be defined as gentle. Her tight sphincter continued to work my cock, making it grow for the final time today to its full eight inches, now firmly imbedded in her bowels. But we needed more lubrication, so I spit in my hand and spread the saliva over my massive shaft, and pulled her hand back to assist in the stroking. Taking it in her hand, she rubbed the bulbous head between her palms making it wet and slick too. I again placed my dick at the opening of her anus and pressed against her, irresistible force against somewhat moveable anal object. Char's surrender was almost complete.

And she asked that I go faster now, so with my my hands holding tightly to her, I could feel her starting to cum, felt it inside and out, her hands over her head, in her hair, her head back and if I wasn't holding tightly she might have fallen off the couch, and she was so hot, so tight, and watching her, I came, came so hard and she did again, also, feeling me inside her, and she kissed me and put her head on my shoulder.

She had fucked me, blown me and given me her ass, and my cum coated her pussy, throat, and ass.

It was a good second date, wouldn't you say?