 As I pulled into the parking lot I thought what a beautiful October day for a round of golf. There was not a cloud in the sky and the sun was warming the air to that perfect balance where it was neither too hot nor too cold. I had been invited by a friend of a friend to play in a charity golf tournament to raise funds for a private elementary school so I was looking forward to a full day of golf followed by a dinner and awards banquet. I am just an average golfer so I was not expecting to win any golf awards at the banquet but I still expected it to be a fun outing but never did I expect it to be as much fun as it turned out to be. Now most golf tournaments that I have played in are usually all guys but two words, fundraising and school, seemed to have brought out the volunteer moms which definitely added a new element of interest to the day.

I handed off my clubs to be put on the golf cart and headed over to the check-in area which was under an open air canopy. To the left there was a table for the coffee, juice, bagels and donuts. To the right was the table for check-in and across the front of the room were a couple of tables selling raffle tickets, school paraphernalia and other items to raise funds, each staffed by a couple of volunteer moms. This was definitely going to be a novelty having so many women around at the golf course. Being a typical guy I was definitely checking out all the volunteer moms to see if there were any MILFs. Now I have to admit that I did not see any super hotties that the guys would be talking about all day but there were a couple of attractive moms and one of them was getting a cup of coffee which is where I was headed after checking in. As I approached the coffee table I saw that she was probably in her mid to late thirties around 5'4", 130 lbs or so and had chestnut colored hair that cascaded over her shoulders. 

She was wearing a pullover collared shirt with the school logo on the front and from the side I could see the nicely curved shape of her breasts pushing out against her shirt showing me that they were firm and made me think of how they would fit perfectly in my cupped hands. As she leaned forward to get some sugar the top of her shirt fell open and I could see the naked rise of her breasts and how their shape changed from the pull of gravity before they disappeared under the material of her shirt. As my gaze caressed the exposed cleavage and soft sides of her breasts the word delicious came to mind, making me think of how much I wanted to caress, lick, nibble and suck on her soft breasts right there. Her jeans were not skin tight but they were tight enough to show me that her hips had spread a little bit from both the years and having kids but her waist was still narrower than her hips and her stomach looked flat so overall she still had a nice female shape to her body.

I said 'Hi' as I reached for a cup and it was as she looked up at me that my heart skipped a beat. She had a cute face and a nice smile but she had the most amazing blue eyes, eyes like a cat. It was like looking deep into a pair of sparkling blue sapphire gems, the light glittering and shifting, never staying the same. 

She smiled and said, "Hi. Beautiful day for the golf tournament isn't it?"

I held her gaze as I answered back, "Yes it is. You don't get many days where the weather cooperates this perfectly." I paused for a moment and then said, "I am not trying to hit on you or anything but you have the most beautiful eyes I have ever seen." 

I could see a little blush color her cheeks but her smile just lit up as she replied "Thank you. It has been a while since a man has noticed my eyes or anything else about me. Being married and a mom kind of puts you below the notice of most guys I guess."

I smiled as I said, "I cannot imagine any red blooded guy not noticing your eyes and the rest of you but let me apologize, I can see you are married so I do not want to make you feel uncomfortable with some guy hitting on you."

Her eyes looked up and directly into mine as she reached out and touched my arm and said, "I certainly don't mind your compliments. In fact you have made me feel pretty this morning which is something I have not felt for a long time and every woman, married or not, wants to know that men still notice her."

Her touch on my arm lingered for several seconds and even after she took her hand away I could still feel the warmth of her skin on mine which was intriguing. We talked a while longer as I told her I had been invited by a friend to play and did not have any kids in the school so she told me a little about the school and that she had a daughter in the seventh grade and a son in the fifth grade at the school and that they were raising funds to buy new computers for the school. I asked her if her husband was playing in the tournament and she told me that he was a workaholic and could not be bothered to take a day off to help the school. She also said with some bitterness in her voice that, in fact, he could not be bothered with much else besides work which I took to mean he neglected her also. I guess this last bit of information embarrassed her because she then said she had to go work the raffle booth. We said bye and she headed over to the raffle table but as she walked away she took one last glance at me over her shoulder and smiled. It was then that I realized that I had never asked her name and said to myself "Oh Well. We are both married so I guess it does not really matter."

I saw that my friend and his buddies had arrived so I headed over to them. I was introduced and we walked back over to the coffee table and talked as we drank our coffee. Just as we finished, one of the volunteer moms, which just happened to be the wife of one of the guys in my foursome, motioned us over to the raffle table and told us that we needed to buy some raffle tickets so they can get those new computers. The mom with the beautiful eyes was still at the raffle table and of course I went to her to buy my tickets. She gave me a big smile when she saw me step up to the table. I smiled and said, "Long time no see."

She laughed as she said, "Yes it's been at least 15 minutes. You know we did not introduce ourselves earlier. My name is Mindy."

I answered back, "My name is Jim. Nice to meet you Mindy."

She reached out and shook my hand and then held it lightly as she asked, "So you gonna buy some raffle tickets to help the school?"

I answered back, "I am not sure. How much are they and what can I win?"

She pointed down the table and said, "Each ticket is $1.00 and there will be a drawing for the gifts during the banquet this evening. You can win one of an assorted of items such as a golf bag, a putter, golf balls, restaurant gift cards or even a gift basket for your wife."

With a flirtatious grin I said "So a date with you is not one of the prizes?"

She laughed and said, "No, but that sounds like it might be fun." Her eyes moved to mine again as she continued, "You know, I always thought one of those charity date auctions would have been fun if the right person bid on you but I doubt my husband would let me be one of the door prizes now. Damn husbands, always taking the fun out of things." With a sly grin right back at me she asked, "Would you buy some extra tickets if I was one of the prizes?"

We both laughed and I said, "I would buy whatever is left of the roll to make sure I came out the winner but knowing my luck my winning ticket would be for the gift basket and not the, huh, grand prize."

She laughed and said, "You never know, you might have gotten lucky this time with me." Just as it was coming out of her mouth she got an embarrassed look on her face and said, "I.. I.. I did not mean it that way. Oh my, that sounded bad!"

Her face was turning beet red so I quickly bought $5 worth of tickets to change the subject. She looked a little relieved as the call was made for all players to head to their carts. We said good bye and as I started away I glanced back over my shoulder to see her still looking at me. I gave her a wink which brought a smile to her red face and then I walked out the door. 

The thought of her smile, her laugh and most of all her eyes swirled through my head as I played golf. It was on the fifth hole that I saw her again as we caught up to the snack cart. There was a backup at the tee so Mindy and I got the chance to talk and do a little more flirting. As I said goodbye to head up to the tee, her eyes definitely held mine as if she did not want me to leave and then she reached out and touched my arm as she said goodbye.

We caught up with the snack cart again on the fourteenth hole. As I walked up I could see a couple of guys and two moms were on one side of the cart talking and Mindy was on my side, bent over and reaching in to get something. I have to say that her pose was very arousing, her leaning on the cart, bent at the waist, legs spread apart as if she was offering herself to be entered from behind. I wondered when was the last time she had been fucked from behind like that. Maybe it was just this morning that she was standing in her bra and panties in front of the dresser mirror putting on some eye makeup when her husband moved behind her, slid his hands around her waist and pressed his body against her, lightly kissing along her neck and shoulder as his hands started to move, his fingers leaving a trail of goose bumps along her skin as they moved under her bra and pinched her hardening nipples. As he rolled her nipples between his fingertips she felt his hardness growing and pressing between the cheeks of her butt. As the wetness started to seep into her panties and she pushed back against him so he stepped back and pulled her panties to the floor before pressing forward on her shoulders to lean her over the dresser and expose her wet, hot pussy. Maybe it was just this morning that she had been in this same position, leaning forward over the dresser panting hard, her breasts pressed down against the warm wooden the top as her husband grabbed her hips and pulled her back onto his hard cock. Maybe this morning she looked up into the mirror and watched her husband thrust his stiff cock again and again into her wet pussy from behind, the bottles on the dresser twinkling with inward thrust, feeling her body repeatedly bumped against the dresser, her teeth biting her lower lip so the kids did not hear her moans of pleasure, her ass grinding tightly against the base of his cock, her fingers gripping the edges of the dresser as her orgasm washed over her and felt his load of hot cum squirting inside of her. 

As I stood behind her I saw that her jeans were tight around her ass and my gaze slide down to that point where I knew her hot, little pussy was hidden under those jeans. I could almost see her husband pulling out of that wet pussy with some of his creamy cum smeared over her inner lips, his cock glistening with her juices as a drop of his white cum drips to the carpet. All this was running through my mind as I walked up behind her and put my hand on the small of her back as I leaned forward to whisper in her ear, "We have to stop meeting like this."

She turned her head to look up and smiled when she saw it was me. She whispered back, "I don't mind if you don't mind?"

I smiled at that and said, "I sure don't mind. In fact I was really glad that we caught up to you again. Gives me an excuse to come over and talk with you."

She whispered back, "It does huh? So you need an excuse to come talk with me?"

I smiled and whispered back, "I don't want all the other moms knowing that you got a not so secret admirer so I need some excuse."

Having grabbed the bag of chips she straightened and turned. As she turned I found my hand that had been on her back gliding over her hip and belly before coming to rest on the snap of her jeans while at the same time her breasts lightly brushed against the inside of my arm. She then quickly stepped forward and moved through my arm so that her breasts pressed firmly against my arm before I was able to move it out of the way. As she rounded the side of the cart I could feel a warmth on my arm in the two places where her breasts had pressed. She did not look back at me as she walked around the cart and handed the bag of potato chips to one of the guys. Was that deliberate or accidentally? It was all so fast I was not sure. After collecting the money she came back around to where I was standing, gave me a wink and said, "What can I get you?"

The two little points showing through her shirt caught my attention and made me think maybe it was deliberate as I said, "I am not sure, what do you have?"

She put on a seductive smile as she leaned on the cart and said, "You can have anything you want on the cart."

I know she was just teasing me but I could tease back so I gave her the full look, my eyes moving from her feet up along her jean clad legs till they reach the junction where her thighs merged into that enticing V and then continuing up over her hips and waist, moving higher before lingering on the rise and fall of her breasts, her nipples hard and showing, before finally coming to rest looking into her eyes. I know that my full look told her exactly what was on my mind because in her eyes I could see longing and desire but at the same time I could see shyness and uncertainty that maybe our flirting had gone too far. I could tell I was looking into the eyes of both a woman and a mom.

My cock was rock hard as I stepped closer so only she could hear me and said, "There is one item on the cart that I have wanted since I first saw it this morning. One item, that I want to open up so I can slide my fingers inside, feeling the slipperiness from the natural oils covering my fingers and when I touch those slick fingers to my lips, tasting the saltiness spreading over my tongue, so ....... I guess I will have a bag of peanuts."

We both laughed and that broke the moment but I could see both relief and frustration cross her face. She looked at me and said, "You know you are a bad influence on me. I have never been this flirty or direct before. I am not sure if I should talk with you anymore or not." Mindy turned and reached into the cart as she said, "One bag of peanuts coming up." She really should have gone around to the other side of the cart so maybe she did it deliberately but instead she struck the same pose as before, leaning forward into the cart, legs spread and stretching her arm out for the peanuts. She could not quite reach them so I helped. Wanting to return her earlier tease and see how she reacted I put one arm around her hip and leaned into the cart to reach the peanuts. This pressed my body against hers with the bulge in the front of my pants pressed against her hip. I know she could feel my hardness pressing against her because I felt her tense up a little bit but I only pushed it against her for a moment since I wanted her to know I was hard but making it appear that what happened was by accident.

As I stepped back I said, "I hope you still want to talk with me?"

When she turned towards me I could see the twin little points pushing out against her shirt were still there and I saw her tongue glide across her lips, wetting them before she said, "That will be $1 please."

I paid and said, "Will I see you later at the banquet?"

She looked down and said, "I don't know. I have no idea what time my husband will be home from work so I am not sure if I can or should stay."

I understood the hidden meaning so I said, "I understand but I hope you can stay because I have really enjoyed talking with you today. Just as you said earlier it has been a long time since a man has noticed you, it has been a long time since a woman has paid any attention to me and you have made me feel good about myself today."

She looked up into my eyes and said, "Really? You feel as lonely as I do sometimes?"

I replied, "Yes I do. I know that we both love our families but I sense your husband is like my wife, both have forgotten about us and that we have become just a mom and a dad, not a man and a woman with desires and needs. Today is the first time in a long time that I have not felt lonely. I know you have only been flirting with me but still it has been nice to have a beautiful woman notice me."

She took a long look at me and said, "Thank you. Maybe I will see you at the banquet but no promises." 

The rest of the day was a blur. I don't remember much about the rest of the tournament but when we got done I was hoping that I would get the chance to spend more time with Mindy at the dinner. The dining room was setup nicely with a buffet against the front wall and small rectangular tables that seated 5 per side spread across the room. All the tables were covered in white tablecloths and each had a single rose as the centerpiece. Believe me, I was really happy when I saw Mindy bring over a plate and sit directly across the table from me. She gave me a big smile as she sat down. She knew a couple of the people at the table so sometimes we talked as a group and other times we talked to each other. As the conversation moved around the table, we would catch each other stealing glances at the other and there was definitely some electricity flowing between us but I figured this was a far as it was going to go so if I was not going to be able to kiss her I might as well tease her I thought.

I dropped my napkin and looked under the table as I picked it up to see that she was sitting like most all woman do, legs crossed tightly, one foot on the floor. I slipped my shoe off and stretched out my leg so that I could rub my foot along the inside of her calf. That got an immediate look from her, a little smile turned up the corner of her mouth to which I give her a little wink and then I joined back in the conversation. From time to time I would reach out and rub her leg, always moving a little higher on her calf. She got into the game and would rub her foot on my leg mirroring what I had just done to her. This continued back and forth for a little while until my foot finally reached her knee. I could not get any higher on her legs because they were crossed so I used my foot to gently push against the inside of her knee. At first she did not budge but I continued pushing and finally she uncrossed her legs, putting both feet on the floor and slightly spreading her legs apart. I stretched my leg as far as it would go and rubbed my foot along the inside of her thigh. Even though she was ignoring me I knew that I was getting to her because I could see that her nipples had gotten hard. I slide my chair in as close to the table as I could and then stretched out my leg, resting it on her chair between her legs. I slide my foot up and down the inside of her thigh a few times but when I flexed my foot forward I could not quite reach the spot that I really want to rub against so I just let my foot rest on her chair between her legs. I could tell she was enjoying our flirting because she ran her hand under the cuff of my pants and caressed along my calf. Believe me her secretive, light touch was definitely getting a rise out of me and I was sure wishing her arm was a lot longer so she could caress all the way up to that tent that had formed in my pants.

I was definitely disappointed when she had to get up and go to the bathroom but as she walked across the room I saw that she had a very nice sway to her hips and I have to say she had a very nice butt. After she sat down again I was surprised to find that she was still sitting so that I was able to put my foot back on her chair so she must have been enjoying our little game. I know it was not deliberate but she must have sat closer to the table when she came back because to my surprise when I flexed my ankle and stretched my foot forward I was able to touch her pussy through her jeans with my toes. As she caressed my leg I don't think she really guessed what I was up to because the first time my toe touched her pussy her eyes jumped to mine and gave me a "what are you doing" look. I thought she would slide her chair back but she did not so I continued to press my big toe against her pussy. She was trying hard to look nonchalant but I could see her breathing getting deeper and her nipples stayed hard. I estimated the best I could where her clit was and pressed my toe in firmly. I could feel the seam of her jeans push into the softness between her legs as I held my toe firmly against her pussy. I knew that I was pressing the right place because after a few moments she shifted her hips forward on the chair to press her pussy harder against my toe. She was sitting very still and trying to stay in the conversation but I could see her concentration was wavering. This had gotten me very horny and I could feel my precum leaking from my hard cock into my underwear. All of a sudden she gave me an agonizing look and pulled back. I do not know if she was ready to cum or if she felt others were noticing what was going on but I figured I had better not push my luck so I reluctantly put my foot back on the floor. The rest of the banquet I caught her glancing my way many times with indecision on her face as if she was trying to make up her mind about something.
