 "Would you like to go to Maui?" Kaz asked her.

 She paused, thinking about the last time he asked her to go. He had asked via a text message and Charlene had texted him back saying no. It wasn't because she didn't want to go, it was more because it was out of the blue.

 She and Kaz had been seeing each other for several weeks. Their sex life was amazing, He was kind, smart, fun to be with, attractive for his age. She still never new exactly how old he was. Clearly a couple years older than her forty-four years.

 She still didn't know why her fingers typed no and then hit send. When he didn't reply, her pride prevented her from taking it back. She didn't expect to not hear from him again. She just assumed he got busy and didn't see her text.

 After an hour had passed, she began to wonder why there was no reply. All sorts of thoughts went through her head, but again, her pride prevented her from texting anything else. She was not going to chase after him.

 She didn't know how much her rejection had hurt his feelings. She also didn't know that he decided to leave town until a couple of weeks later when she drove out to his house. She wasn't expecting to see a moving van sitting in the driveway.

 It was so long ago and yet, it felt like yesterday.

 When he eventually back to Texas, he wasn't sure if she would want to see him. He took a chance and went to an open house she was hosting. As a Real Estate agent, she frequently spent a couple of hours on a Sunday showing homes. He found through a friend where she would be.

When he should up a flood of emotions swept over Charlene.

 Now he's asking her to travel with him again.

 She looked him in the eyes, stood on her toes and kissed him, paused a moment and said,

 "No."

 Kaz put a puzzled look on his face.

 "No?"

 "No. I wouldn't like to go. I'd LOVE too."

 It had been several months since they had spent the night together. They talked, held each other's hands like teenagers and eventually, made it back to Charlene's house. Kaz lied and told her he had a hotel that he was staying at if she thought he should go.

 "I'm going to Maui with you. Do you think I want you spending the night someplace else?"

 "I made arrangements in case you didn't want to see me or hated me, or wanted to punch me"

 Feeling exhausted and emotionally drained, they fell asleep on the couch. A few hours later, Charlene awoke, lifted Kaz' head off her and slid off the couch. She walked to her porch, wrapped in her robe and stared at the stars. She wondered if there was another Charlene out there, somewhere in the universe and did she feel the same nervousness as she did right that moment.

 She thought about the relationship with Kaz. At first, like most new relationships, was a burning flame at both ends of a candle. The closer it got to the middle, the hotter the intensity and the faster it melted. Did she want this relationship to burn up quickly and melt away? she asked herself silently. She had that once before, a fireman that was twelve years younger.

 Her friends naturally called her a cougar, that she exuded sex and that she shouldn't get tied down so quickly after leaving her husband of twenty plus years. She had married young, too young. Never giving herself a chance to experience life. Maybe that's why she said no the first time. Was Kaz in love with her? Was she with him?

 She loved being with him, she loved the way her made her feel special. She loved his laugh, his generosity, his confidence. She loved his smile, his looks, his touch. Yes, she loved his touch. She's not in love, she's in lust. Charlene convinced herself. Not love, just lust.

 The next few weeks they were focused on their jobs. He still living in a hotel until he could find a house, she continuing to build a larger clientele list. She didn't push for him to make a home purchase and he didn't bother looking very hard. 

 Most nights they were out together anyway and he was frequently spending the night. Charlene was starting to feel closed in. Kaz had frequently spoke about the upcoming vacation to Hawaii. 

 He had suggested a few things but Charlene just told him to surprise her. She didn't want to have any expectations and thought she would enjoy the trip if things were done spontaneously.

 The day had finally come for them to leave. Their American Airlines flight left Dallas just after 9 am and flew non stop to Kahalui, Maui. Kaz rented a Ford Mustang convertible and they made the forty-five minute drive to Wailea. 

 They checked into their deluxe ocean front room. Charlene unpacked. Each piece of clothing set aside. She decided on a new two piece bikini, one she purchased specifically for the trip. A Michael Kors logo ring halter end top and hipster bottom. The color was a bright notice me yellow. 

 It accentuated her large breasts and fit nicely on her butt. As she and Kaz made their way through the hotel lobby, Charlene noticing the many stares she got. She liked it. Kaz noticed too. He didn't mind, he enjoyed watching other people look at her. He knew that his time with her was probably limited. She was not the kind of woman he could keep forever, but as long as she was with him, he would take every advantage of it.

 They sat at the cabana by the pool and ordered a Mai Tai. Two. The high sun felt good on Charlene's soft skin. It was very relaxing. It wasn't long before they struck up a conversation with another couple. Charlene, behind her sun glasses, would occasionally look at the mans crotch. David and Lynn were on their first visit to the islands. Charlene guessed them to be early thirties. David was tall, taller than Kaz who stood at six foot one. Lynn was tall and slender, long hair, about mid back she thought. Very pretty blonde.

 They made plans to meet each other for dinner. Kaz and Charlene said their goodbyes and went back to their room. She slid out of her bikini top, pranced around the room until Kaz grabbed her around the waist, drew her close and held her for a moment before saying.

 "I know you were staring at David. Good looking guy. His wife was a looker too."

 "What? I wasn't even.." she trailed off and laughed.

 "Was it that obvious?"

 "I don't think she noticed. And if he did, he didn't show it."

 "Jealous?" she asked.

 Kaz thought about it. Was he jealous? Perhaps a little. Things certainly weren't the same as when they first were together. Then of course the split, but he never could shake the thought of her and eventually found a way to come back. The first few weeks were again like the beginning. Kaz had begun to notice a change. He hoped he was wrong.

 Dinner with David and Lynn proved fun. They all had similar interests and shared their stories. They found a local bar with an karaoke night and they each took their turns. David and Lynn sang a duet. An old song by Elton John and Kiki Dee. 

 Charlene took her turn singing a Toby Keith song, "I love this bar". Her rendition was met with a round of applause and calls for an encore. Kaz knew why and it wasn't that Charlene could sing, more that she was a stunning beauty. Before Kaz could take his turn a group of musicians showed up to play. 

 They drank the night away, laughing and flirting. They wouldn't see the couple again after that evening. They went back to their hotel room. Kaz walked onto the balcony and listened to the ocean as the waves crashed onto the shore. It was very relaxing. 

 Charlene soon joined him, dressed in a sexy nighty, red. The fabric felt very soft on her skin. Kaz looked at her silhouette as she stood with her arms folded across her chest, leaning on the sliding door frame. 

 The bright light from the hotel room behind her hid her face. Kaz didn't need to see it. He could close his eyes and picture the curve of her cheek, her pouty lips, her raised eyebrow, her big dark eyes, everything. He knew her features completely.

 He reached out his hand, beckoning her to come to him. She took two steps, her arms unfolding to wrap around his neck. She stood on her toes to reach up and kiss him. Kaz briefly commented on how good she looked before slipping the spaghetti strap of her nighty off her shoulder.

 The nighty didn't stay on long. His mouth on hers, moved down her neck, across her chest and on her nipple. Charlene loved how if felt, making her wet and driving her wild. She wanted his cock inside her. She lifted her nighty, moved in front of him and told him to fuck her,

 Kaz wasted no time as he grabbed her hips and slid his now rock hard cock deep into her. Thrust after thrust, each harder and faster then the last. Charlene held onto the railing, uncaring who might watch. The thought of someone watching only made her want it more. Familiar sensations building, she knew she would cum if she touched herself. She resisted for as long as possible.

 She could feel his hot breath on her back, his moans as he was nearing his own explosive climax. Charlene reached between her legs to touch her clit. She could feel his hard cock with her fingers. She new he was about to cum. She rubbed herself to an explosive climax of her own as he told her he was cumming. Charlene closed her eyes, lifted her head up and cried out;

 "Oh My God!" she collapsed backwards as her pussy convulsed with each heartbeat. Her breathing was short as the orgasm continued. If anything would've touched her down there..she let the thought trail off. She leaned her head back and looked up at Kaz. Sweat ran down his forehead, exhausted, he looked down at her and laughed.

 "That was pretty hot" was all he said as he fell back and lied down on the teak wood covered balcony.

 The next few days were spent sight seeing, snorkeling, horse back riding. Towards the end of their trip they took the long road to Hana. Kaz had done this before and he had a special spot in mind for the day. They drove the winding road, curve after curve, until he pulled off onto a dirt track. 

 Puzzled, Charlene looked at Kaz. Her eyes asking where they were going. He just smiled and patted her on her bare knee. His touch still felt good on her skin.

 "It's a special place of know of. I think you'll really like it. But it's a little bit off the beaten path."

 Charlene already liked being alone with him. The thought of someplace special appealed to her. Charlene decided she was going to make this special for him too. The arrived at what locally know as the Seven Pools. The department of tourism used to call them the Seven Sacred Pools, but it was soon dropped after it was discovered there was nothing sacred about them.

 They had a short hike over rocky terrain and vegetation until they finally came to a secluded spot. It was tucked away in a bamboo forest and the trail was hard to follow. Kaz told Charlene that a local had shown him this spot in a previous trip.

 Charlene was stunned by the amazing view. It was wide open at the top of the hike, but totally secluded by the bamboo forest below. You couldn't see the road that she new was a half mile or so below her. The cascading water fall was only about twenty feet high and the water splashed into a deep pool.

 Kaz watched her as she looked around and commented on the beauty. There was a rainbow from the mist as it rose in the air. She walked around the rocky pool, stopped and took of her bikini top. She held her breasts in her hands, licked her lips and then ever so slowly moved her hands down the sides of her body. Her knees together, she did a little shimmy as if she were doing her own version of a hula dance. 

 Her fingers slid down her hips and she removed her bikini bottoms. She stood there completely naked and free. She felt exhilarated and free. Freer than she ever felt. Kaz wasted no time removing his swim trunks. He walked closer to her but before he could reach her, she jumped into the pool of water.

 She screamed as the cold water bit at her skin. 

 "Oh fuck! It's freezing" 

 Kaz laughed, having experienced the same thing last time he was here. But that was a different time. He lowered himself to give her a hand up. Charlene grabbed his hand and tried to pull him in, but Kaz expected it and just let her go to fall backwards into the water again. She didn't yelp this time saying her body was getting used to the temperature. Kaz new better. The water had to be fifty-five degrees. Maybe sixty if they were lucky, but he jumped in anyway.

 They swam together holding each other tight and kissed. They moved to a shallower spot so they didn't have to waste energy treading water. When they got to a point they could stand, he reached down to her, swooping her up in in strong arms and set her on a smooth rock. She was almost as tall as he was for once. He didn't care as he was only interested in her naked body. 

 His hands found her breasts, her nipples taut and hard from the cold water. His warm mouth felt good on them. She could feel her insides begging to warm up too. She placed her hands on the back of his head and held him to her breasts, moaning softly, letting him know that she approved, that she like it. 

 He wouldn't know just how much she wanted him right then and there. Her pussy had a familiar ache and she wanted him. All of him, his hands, his tongue, his cock. All of him. Inside her, on top of her, all over her. She laid back, the rock smoothed from the millennia of water rushing over it. It had absorbed the suns rays making it warm to the touch. It felt good on her skin and Kaz' touch felt good on her too.

 She reached out to him, pushing his head towards her vagina. He softly kissed her inner thighs, first one side then the other. Charlene spread her legs a little wider, inviting him to explore her. His tongue slid over her clit and her body convulsed, she wanted him inside her. She grabbed the back of his head and pulled him closer. She lifted her butt off the rock, pushing herself into him.

 Kaz slide is tongue inside her, sucking on her clit at the same time. Charlene let out a soft moan of approval. 

 "Hmm, that feels so good" she purred.

 His hands reached up, helping her hold herself up as he continued to lick and suck on her. Charlene reached up and took her breasts in her hand, squeezing and pulling on her nipples. Her body had long forgotten how could it was, heating up with every second. She could feel her orgasm beginning to build. Her voice getting louder, her breath getting shorter. She was grinding against his face now. His fingers finding their way inside her. He curled his middle and forefinger and applied pressure sending Charlene closer and closer to an intense orgasm.

 She pushed his hand away, pulled on his head and said,

 "I want you to fuck me."

 She rolled onto her hands and knees and Kaz got behind her. His cock nearly as hard as the rock she was kneeling on. He slide inside her and Charlene lot out a moan. She could feel on firm his shaft was, she didn't remember him ever being so hard. She loved the way it felt. He increased his rhythm, his hands on her hips, faster and faster they fucked. She tried, but couldn't wait. She reached between her legs and began to rub her clit. She felt his cock sliding in and out. A quick touch on her clit and she cried out.

 "Oh God I'm cumming. "

 This only seemed to inspire her stud. Faster and faster his cock would enter her, come out almost completely before entering her again. Suddenly she felt his cock pulse. Once, twice, he grabbed her hips tighter pulling her closer, if that was possible and came inside her. His groans being drowned out by the thunder of the waterfalls next to them.

 Kaz released her and rolled onto his back. His engorged cock still cumming . Charlene reached over, stroking him, expecting him to go flaccid, but he didn't. She bent down and took his still hard cock into her mouth. She could taste herself on him. Her pussy, still wet, got wetter. He reached around her and slid his hand against her. His palm pushing on her and she pushing back.

 Charlene knew she could come over and over and let him touch her wherever he wanted. Amazed that he was still hard, she climbed on top and put him inside her again. She controlled the pace at which they fucked. She leaned over, her large breasts pressing against his chest and she kissed him again. Their tongues twirling, his soft lips on hers. 

 "Damn your a good kisser" she told him.

 She sat up, still grinding herself on him. Her clit on his pelvis, her hands holding his as he reached up to touch her breasts. She let go of his hands and ran her fingers through her hair. Her eyes closed, she lifted her face up to the sun as if to speak to the Sun God himself. She could feel its heat on her cheeks. But it wasn't the sun that was making her hot. She straddled him and fucked him until he had another intense orgasm. It didn't matter that she didn't cum. It wasn't about her this time. Not that she needed to as she was stilling reeling from her first orgasm. Besides, the day wasn't even half over.

 She rolled off him and slipped back into the cold water, although this time it was mostly refreshing. Allowing the water to wash themselves off, they stayed at the Seven Pools just long enough for another couple to come up it's trail. Charlene took her time putting her suit back on, allowing the couple to see her naked body. She adjusted her top and put on the shorts she was wearing before and finally her sandals. Not the best thing for a hike she told herself. Kaz did the same and then started the journey back to the car. 

 Charlene got an approving look from the man and a knowing smile from the woman. Kaz just smiled and waived before saying,

 "The waters fine"

 He took Charlene's hand in his and they walked back to their car. Thirty minutes later they arrived in the small town of Hana. After lunch they headed back to Wailea and the hot tub that was calling their name. Charlene felt insatiable that day. She couldn't explain why. Perhaps the thought that the couple at the Seven Pools probably saw her naked she figured. But what ever it was, she knew she needed more.

 Knowing it was a fairly long way back to the hotel, Charlene found herself fantasizing. Her mood was quiet. She thought about Kaz and herself. She thought about his hard cock. She thought about how good it felt inside her. Her hands moved to her lap, her fingers began to make slow circles on her crotch. She reached up and unbuttoned her shorts and slide them off. 

 Kaz had to refocus on his driving or pull over. She told him to keep driving, so he did, although he did slow down. She slid a finger inside her bikini and found a familiar wetness. She watched Kaz as he drove, or tried to at least. He was having a difficult time keeping his eyes on the road. Charlene asked if he liked what he saw. She got the obvious reply.

 She leaned her seat back and removed her bottoms. She put her feet up on the dash and rubbed herself. She said she was giving him a present, but she mostly did it for herself. Knowing that he wanted her so bad and couldn't have her made her wetter still. It didn't take her long before she was cumming again. Kaz smiled put his hand on his own crotch and felt his cock.

 "See what you do to me?"

 "Poor baby" she replied with pouty lips.

 "I'm going to need a cold shower when we get back. It's gonna be bad enough that I'm probably going to walk through the lobby with a hard-on"

 They laughed as he drove on. This time a little faster.

 They went out to dinner and a comedy club. The jokes were predictable and the show, while entertaining, left them wanting something more. They went back to their room, put on their suits and hit the hot tub. Surprisingly, there was no one there. Charlene let the hot water relax her muscles. She didn't realize how much their little hike had taken out of her. She leaned her head back and closed her eyes.
