 This is my first attempt at writing these kinds of events. I would love to hear feedback from anyone...should I keep at this?

Charlene & I had been dating for about 3 weeks, she was just 18 and I was 19. Our petting had evolved to me feeling up her tits in the few moments we had privacy. She was really cute, shoulder length blonde hair, brown eyes and full lips that were so exciting to kiss. I wanted to take our "making-out" to the next level but being young I was quite unsure of myself. 

Our next date was out to dinner and to catch a movie. It was wintertime and after the movie the car windows were coated in thick frost. I started up the car and put on the defrost and the directed the heat to the windshield. Reaching for the scraper in the back seat I told Charlene that I would be right back. Charlene held my wrist and asked, "John, what is the rush?" I caught on quickly, "I like the way you think!"

Dropping the scraper back on the floor we took off our winter coats and I twisted myself over to kiss those sweet lips. As we were in a car with all the windows covered in such thick frost it didn't matter that we were in the middle of a parking lot, we were alone! 

Charlene was looking very good that night with a white button down blouse under a white turtleneck sweater and a gray and black short pleated skirt and red high heels to match her lipstick and nails. My hand held the back of her head feeling her soft hair in my fingers as we kissed.

Our tongues flicked over each other and our lips as my other hand rested on her knee. I slid it up her thigh, over her skirt, up her waist and cupped her breast. After a few minutes my cock was raging and I placed her hand on my upper thigh. Reaching back down to the waist of her sweater and suggested "Lets get rid of this."

"But I'll be cold" she protested. "We'll keep each other very warm" I tried. "But it is a turtleneck and it will mess up my hair."

"Charlene, you are very beautiful and will still be after you've taken that sweater off." The sweater joined our coats in the back seat.

My other hand started to undo her the buttons of her blouse – I could tell from her gasps that she was getting excited too.

Things were heating up in the car and for the first time I got to slip my hand up under her bra and touch her tits without any thing in the way. My thumb stroked her nipple as she sighed into another deep kiss. My erection was getting painful being trapped in my jeans. "This guy needs more room!" I announced and undid my belt, unbuttoned my jeans and let my hard on force the zipper down. My erect cock was straining through my underwear and the tip was sticking out over the elastic waist.

Placing Charlene's hand on the erection under my shorts I hoped she wouldn't pull her hand away. I was so pleased when started to stroke me, flitting her fingers over my shaft. Charlene's breathing was getting to be as deep and hard as my own and being encouraged by her willingness I undid all the buttons of her blouse and pushed both bra cups up fully exposing her cute 34B cup tits. Hooking my thumb under the elastic of my shorts and pushed them down and let my cock free. Charlene's fingers wrapped around my shaft and just held me there. She gasped, "It feels so hard and so soft all at the same time!" I could only manage "Charlene, you're so pretty and it feels wonderful."

Cupping her breast I lowered my lips and licked her nipples. Charlene just giggled. "Does that feel nice?" I teased. Her smile was beautiful too "Uhmmmm, John, yes that is very nice." I had been dreaming of doing this for the past three weeks now. Her nipples were a soft pink and well, perky.

I opened up my shirt and pressed my chest against her breasts – "I just had to feel that, our skin touching each other" I said, she just sighed. I couldn't wait to finally have a girl get me off. "Stroke me with your hand – up and down the shaft" I asked and Charlene started to get into it. "How am I doing?" she asked with a smile. 

Her hands were nice and soft and the sight of her red fingernails wrapped around my erection was really thrilling. "That's it and please don't stop" was all I could say. I knew that I would cum in seconds – "Oooh Charlene, don't stop, don't stop" and in a minute, my cum was all over my cock and her fingers. "Wow John! It's so warm! Almost hot" she exclaimed.

Charlene kept jacking me off and I had to grab her wrist to slow her down – "Softly and slowly now" I asked. She looked into my eyes and we kissed, "That was a first for me" she said. "Me too Charlene, and it was great."

"Do you have any tissues?" she asked. I hadn't even thought about it before, thinking that I wasn't going to get this lucky tonight.

"Damn, no I don't" was my answer. "Then what I am supposed to do with all this?" meaning my cum. "Just lick it up – everybody does" was the best thought I could offer. "Really?" Charlene looked astounded, "People swallow this?."

"Sure, it is really normal – everybody does it." She raised her hand off my cock and looked at my jizz on her hand – I couldn't expect what came next. "I will if you do it first" she said. "It's no big deal, it is just some cum" I told her. 

"I'm not tasting if you don't" – she was firm on this. I thought to myself "If this is what it is going to take to get Charlene to keep doing this and maybe even blow me, then doing this might be worth it." She moved her "cummed-on" hand up to our mouths and I licked up a good amount off the top of her fingers.

"Well, what does it taste like?" she asked. "Salty – like sweat, but kind of creamy too" I swallowed the cum I licked off her hand – "Kind of stays with you – try it and see what you think." I kissed her deeply our tongues again all over each other. "Can you taste it in my mouth?" I asked. Charlene looked thoughtful, "I'm not sure." So I told her to lick up the rest off her hand.

"Really?" she asked. "Stick out your tongue and try it – I just did" I insisted. Charlene didn't have a lot of cum on her hand after I had licked it up but there was a good amount on her pinky and lower side of her hand. She lapped it up, "Yeah, which is about how I would describe it too, kind of salty – kind of creamy – not bad." She swallowed and said "Wow, this is a night of firsts for me."

"We aren't done yet, there is more down here" I said as I grabbed her wrist and placed her hand back onto my cock, my erection was already starting to grow again. She scooped some more of the cum off my cock and licked that up too. "Lick it off from down there" I told her. 

"Really? Lick your erection?" she seemed amazed. 

"Yes please! Go for it!" My cock was already standing at full attention again. I felt like the luckiest guy in the world as she leaned over and I had her face over my cock. Her blonde hair felt sexy on my balls, thighs and stomach. She gave my shaft a nice long lick sat back up and swallowed. "I think you have more down there too" and she went back down and again ran her tongue along the underside for the full length of my shaft. 

Charlene came back up again and kissed me deeply and my cum sloshed around our tongues till we both had something to swallow. Charlene smiled coyly "I guess we really didn't need tissues!"

"It looks like your ready to go again" she noticed starting to slow stroke my cock. "Charlene, please kiss me there" I breathed. She had a mischievous look in her eyes but down again she went and planted on soft kiss right on the tip. Parting her lips slightly she took about a half of my cock head into her mouth and softly sucked. I was ready to explode again and thought I'd better warn her. "Charlene here comes a fresh batch" I whispered and she sat back up but kept stroking me – pumping my erection. I came just as much as before and she alternated between licking it up and swallowing my cum and kissing it back into my mouth.

"Oh that was so good" I thanked her and we rested, catching our breath. We closed our eyes and started kissing again and I rested my hand on her knee and started to work my way up under her skirt. We were getting quite lost into one another but I did notice that the car windows had finally defrosted and were surrounded by parked cars. An older couple walked up to the car next to ours and noticed me & Charlene going at it – both of her breasts exposed and her skirt pushed up. I think I heard the woman say something like "Oh my gosh" and I know the man was checking her out without trying to be too obvious. The sound of their car doors slamming closed broke the spell and Charlene sat up and pulled my hand from her crotch and straightened her clothing. She pulled her bra back down and buttoned up her shirt while I tucked my very satisfied cock back into my pants.

"That was the most fun I've ever had Charlene," I told her. We were both giggling as we got ourselves back together, she pulled her sweater back on, fixed her hair in the mirror and we headed back to her parents. "Do you think they saw much?" she wondered. "No, not too much, I'm sure I was covering you up for the most part" I lied. It was kind of exciting knowing that she was so exposed and that I was having my way so completely. Kissing her goodnight in the foyer was so hot I moved one hand under her skirt and held her ass as we hugged and explored each others mouth some more.

That was the start of our sexual relationship. We talked on the phone everyday but didn't get together again until the following weekend. My parents were out for the night and we had the place to ourselves. I was so horny by the time I picked her up and we were back at my house on the sofa going at it. She looked so sweet in tight blue jeans, a red blouse and white sneakers.

I was pleasantly surprised when I started to fondle her breasts to find out that she wasn't wearing a bra. I opened up her blouse and had a blast sucking her nipples and rubbing her thigh. I was also surprised at Charlene taking the initiative by reaching over and undoing my belt and zipper. "Help me get these off you," she asked. Kicking off my jeans and jockey shorts. I said "It feels so good to be free of them when you've gotten me so hard."

She knelt down between my legs and licked and kissed my erection. "John I've been looking forward to this all week" she whispered. She kept her hands on my sides and just used her mouth, working up and down my cock. I pointed to the sensitive spot just under the head and told her that that felt the best.

Charlene extended her tongue and slid it back and forth over just that spot a few times before kissing my shaft into her mouth. It didn't take much to make me cum real fast at that time. "Charlene I'm going to burst" I managed to get out but she didn't take her lips off my cock and continued to suck me. The cum filled her mouth dribbled out on to her chin and even down to her breasts. Smiling, she used her fingers to push the cum off her chin back into her mouth and she swallowed. Sitting up straight she offered her breasts "Please clean me off."

"No problem" I smiled back and licked my cum off her pretty tits. Barely enough to swallow but I sure got the taste.

Somehow some had gotten onto the lower strands of her pretty shoulder length blonde hair. "Charlene you've got some cum in your hair" I pointed out. She looked so sexy when she placed the strands onto her lips and sucked off the jizz

Charlene moved on to giving me blowjobs more frequently swallowing my cum most of the time but still occasionally kissing some into my mouth or asking me to clean her lips and breasts when we got real messy. I didn't really mind at all – I was just happy to be having sex with such a sweet and beautiful girl. 

Sharing my cum was never an issue until we were caught one day when Charlene was giving me a blow job in my dorm room at college. But that is another story for another day.