 A fellow Literotica reader enjoyed reading Traveling with Charlene, my two-part story about a co-worker whom I fantasized about for years. We finally consummated our relationship during my last business trip in Phoenix. He asked to hear about the adventure from Charlene's point of view. This is the second part of her story.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sunday:

I wake up around 8:30 facing Rob with my hand wrapped around his hard cock. I feel a hand reach over and play with my boob. I open my eyes to see Rob stroking my erect nipple with the back of his hand.

He whispers, "Morning sleepyhead, I hope you got a good night sleep."

I look down at my hand around Rob's shaft and squeeze. "I was dreaming I was holding a night stick and running through a dark alley. I guess I know where I picked up the night stick. Mmm, you are so hard already, I like that."

Rob moves in for a kiss. I squeeze his cock as we share a good morning kiss. I play with his smooth ball sack and fondle his balls.

"I can take care of this in the shower. What do you say? I have plans for us all day today, and they include lots of orgasms. First, a shower and breakfast and then we'll see what we can figure out."

I get up from the bed and walk into the bathroom to start the shower. When Rob comes in, I am already enjoying the hot spray. Steam fills the bathroom.

Rob opens the shower door and steps inside, holding a wash cloth. A bit of cool air rushes in and I shiver. I face the shower nozzle, water cascades over my body. Rob presses up against my rear. I feel his cock slide between my ass cheeks. He wraps his arms around me and grabs my tits with soapy hands. Rob pinches my nipples as he plants small kisses around my shoulders.

I feel the soft, sudsy cloth move up and down my back. It feels so nice. Rob drops down and concentrates his effort on my wide bubble-butt. He soaps up each ass cheek and squeezes my flesh in a playful manner. I spread my legs and let him explore my inner thighs, all the while knowing where this act is heading. Rob pushes the washcloth between my ass crease and rubs it back and forth over my tight little starfish. I love the attention to my anal ring. My pussy tingles every time he touches my backdoor.

With the water spilling over our bodies, Rob stands up and kisses my neck and shoulders. He reaches around and holds my boobs in his hands. This dear man cannot get enough of my tits. I love him for it. He holds each mound up as if he is weighing a piece of fruit. He pinches my hard nipples in the process.

I lean back into Rob and turn my head for a kiss. I want him to know that his attention to my body is a welcome gesture. What starts as a gentle kiss becomes more passionate as my arousal increases. I turn to face Rob and take the washcloth to clean his chest. With our lips together, I drop my hands to his erect shaft and cover his cock with the soapy cloth. I jerk him off as I clean his hard appendage.

It's time to get serious about shower sex. I kneel so his cock is at eye level. I stroke him and cup his smooth balls in my palm. Once I have his front thoroughly clean, I move the washcloth up through his ass crease. I use one soapy finger to rub his tight sphincter and then press it up into his ass. I bury my finger deep into his opening and rotate it. Rob's cock pulsates involuntarily as I massage his prostate. I drop the washcloth and grab his shaft with my other hand. I pump him several times before moving my lips over his swollen glans. I suck several inches of his meat between my lips. I'm ready to give my lover a full-on blowjob.

I know I have a decent technique when it comes to blowjobs. My husband would be the one to brag about how I can finish him off in a matter of minutes. I swallow half of Rob's cock in one gulp. As I retreat, I use my tongue to slather all around his shaft. I bob my head again and suck as hard as I can. When I pull away, I release Rob's member with a pop. My lips capture his shaft again and I press my face to his groin, taking as much as I can down my throat. Meanwhile I continue to rotate my finger still buried in his O-ring. I lick and suck Rob's entire length. I'm intent on getting a mouthful of cum. I take his spongy glans within my mouth and use my hand to pump his shaft quickly.

I can sense that Rob is close to blowing his load. I double my efforts at sucking, fisting and twisting. Rob's legs shake and his cock throbs as he unleashes several ropes of jizz directly down my throat, and more into my mouth. I suck the last dribble of liquid and release his spent cock. I swallow the remaining cum and take a deep breath.

"Mmm, I could enjoy that all day."

I lick my lips, savoring his taste as Rob helps me to stand up. Rob hugs me tight and we kiss for several minutes. I know he can taste the remnants of his cum in my mouth, yet he doesn't shy away. My breasts feel good held against his chest. My erect nipples seem to let him know I am ready for my release.

Rob kneels and stares directly at my pussy. He reaches around, grabs my fleshy ass cheeks and pulls my mound into his face. He doesn't waste time and uses his tongue to lick up and down my inner labia. I shudder at the touch. I feel his tongue separate my lips and push into my pink flesh.

My legs shake as I feel climax build. It doesn't take long as the hot water continues to bathe us. Rob holds me tight to keep me upright. He concentrates on my clit, suckling and licking my sensitive nub. That's all it takes, and I press my pussy hard against his lips while amazing sensations travel through my body

"I'm there Rob, I'm there. Feels so good."

My legs turn to jelly and I nearly collapse. Rob holds me tight around my butt to keep me from falling to the shower floor. I shake and tremble for several minutes; enjoying my climax. When I am sure I can stand on my own, Rob stands up and we share another passionate kiss, this time sharing my cum.

Wow, that was good, both giving and receiving. I can't wait to have this talented cock buried deep in my cunt. We are satisfied for the moment, so I shut off the water while Rob grabs the towels. We take our time drying each other between kisses. Rob makes sure the girls are nice and dry, I do the same for his cock. I spread my legs and let him spend some time between my thighs. Rob dries my pussy and surprises me by sucking on my nipples as he bends over. His lips feel good.

When we are completely dry, we walk out of the bathroom, leaving the towels on the floor. I get my robe from the chair and wrap it around me.

"I need to go back to my room to finish getting ready for breakfast. I need to comb my hair and brush my teeth. Give me 20 minutes and then come get me."

I find Max and put him back into the brown bag.

"Give me your Fleshlight and I'll put it with Max. I plan to use it on you later."

Rob pulls it out of the nightstand drawer and hands it to me. He has a questionable look on his face. I tease him again by unscrewing the top, licking the soft pussy shaped opening and smiling.

"Don't let me forget to tell you about my time with Leslie. She has the sweetest pussy. Now open the door and check to see if anyone is out in the hallway."

Rob opens the door and gives me the all clear sign. Actually, I wouldn't mind other people watching me walk down the hall in my robe. Who knows, I might even flash them. I kiss my lover on the cheek as I depart.

Alone, in my room, I relive the past twelve hours. I surprised myself by how open I was about masturbating and giving Rob head. I can only wonder what his thick cock will feel like buried deep inside of me. Oh yes, it will be buried deep. I have just enough time to brush my teeth and throw on a summer dress.

Rob knocks on my door and enters dressed for hot weather in a Hawaiian shirt, flip-flops and shorts. I am wearing an airy print dress with thin spaghetti straps. The straps are strong enough to hold up my braless boobs. The dress is cut low in front and provides a lot of cleavage for Rob. He takes one look at me and tries to convince us to order room service. I know if we did that, we would not eat a bite, rather we would be fucking our brains out as soon as the door closed.

I grab his hand and lead him out to the elevator. Down in the dining room, the sun's rays fill the space. Our server takes our order for eggs while trying to avert his eyes from my tits. Rob, on the other hand, blatantly stares at them. With our order taken, we peruse the breakfast bar and select some fruit and pastries to go along with the eggs. Rob lets me know that he really enjoyed our shower.

"Me too, I hope I didn't wear you out. I have much more planned for us and I doubt we'll get outside at all today. I hope you didn't have any sightseeing plans?"

He tells me the only sightseeing he'll be doing is with my naked body. Cheeky.

After breakfast we walk outside and enjoy a little sunshine. I'm sure we won't be seeing a lot of sun for the remainder of the day. And I am right as we are back up in the room by 12:30. As soon as the door closes, I pull the spaghetti straps off my shoulders and let my dress slide to the floor.

"Wow, you don't waste any time!"

"I like being naked in my hotel room. I guess I'm a bit of an exhibitionist that way. I bet you didn't know in all these years traveling together that I was always naked behind closed doors?"

"No, I didn't. If I had known, I would have been knocking on your door a lot more."

I remove the bedspread and fluff up the pillows.

"Come join me, Rob."

Rob turns on the cable music channel. He selects some light rock for a little mood music in the background. He strips and jumps on the bed next to me. I settle into the crook of his shoulder and relax. Rob can't just lay in comfort, he must be doing something, so he grabs my boobs and massages my flesh. He strokes my nipples with his fingers. Two can play this game. I reach down and grab his cock.

"I think I'm I ready to play again. Care to 69 with me?"

I take the lead and climb on top of Rob, swing my leg over, and plant my pussy right on his face. He immediately spreads my lips with his fingers and licks my pink labia. I grab his shaft and pump it up and down at the same time I roll his balls between my fingers. Rob licks and sucks my inner core. He uses his tongue like a little cock invading my center. He attacks my clitoris with his tongue and rubs his chin around my vulva. I take a deep breath as the sexy sensations warm me up between my thighs.

I do my best to provide him with equal stimulation. I focus on this thick cock that I hold in my hand. I use my lips and tongue to slither all around his shaft, suck on his glans and swallow him up. I let Rob know that I mean business by lightly scraping my teeth along his skin. I don't deter Rob from his plan. Suddenly, I feel his fingers invade my pussy. He searches for my G-Spot while he sucks on my clit. My girl juice flows, covering his cheeks and chin.

I feel my climax approaching and I want Rob to cum too. I squeeze down on his shaft and rub his entire length with rapid strokes. I add a little twist for good measure. I suck the tip of his cock as I masturbate Rob to orgasm. For the second time today, he fills my mouth with sweet and salty cum. I reach my peak just a few moments later. My thighs shake as I fall over the edge. Rob's fingers and lips do their magic as I roll through a satisfying orgasm.

"I'm there Rob, I'm there. Feels so good."

I stay on top of Rob as I come down from my high. As soon as I settle down, I turn around and kiss Rob. We share our cum with each other.

"Can you imagine what our co-workers would say if they caught us like this?"

I remain on top of Rob and grind my pussy onto my cock.

"If you keep doing that, I'm going to get hard again, and I just might fuck you. You feel so delicious."

"Well, that's the whole idea. Hey, let's get under the covers."

I roll off Rob and onto my side. We get inside the sheets and cuddle. I begin entertaining Rob with my long, drawn out story about my friend Leslie and how I started waxing my pussy.

"I love for you to eat my pussy. It feels so different from my friend, Leslie. I told you she is the person who waxes my pussy every month. I used to shave, but I always got razor burn and I didn't like the stubble. Do you remember Nancy from work? She did the real estate deals. Well we would talk about everything under the sun. One day I told her about my shaving and the razor burn. She immediately told me about her friend, Leslie. So, I went to the European Wax Center with Nancy. We both got a full Brazilian that day. The first time is always the most painful, so Leslie used some aloe lotion to ease the pain. She applied it with her fingers and massaged my mons and outer labia. She spent a lot of time massaging the lotion into my skin and it felt wonderful. I nearly had an orgasm right there. I was so worked up after the treatment that I rushed home and masturbated."

I reach down and feel Rob's shaft begin to get hard. I continue with my story and relate all the juicy details of my encounters with Leslie. I tell Rob how our relationship developed to where we began personalized waxing appointments at her home and the first time we engaged in a full sexual encounter. We enjoyed a satisfying 69 session and brought each other to a rousing orgasm.

Rob tells me if I continue jacking him off, he's going to shoot another load. I ease off and tell him to save it for later. I swear this boy has a hair trigger. This encounter was the first time I tasted another woman's pussy. I am very descriptive about how I brought Leslie to her orgasm and how she positively dripped with cum and then shrieked and squirted. A lot of her girl juice covered my mouth and chin. Rob seems to be on the edge of his seat by now. I told him it would be a long story. I don't leave out any details for Rob's sake. His cock throbs as I continue. I see a buildup of pre-cum, so I know he is listening.

Rob slides his hand down between my legs. He feels how wet I am just from telling my story.

"After she calmed down, I moved up her body and we cuddled together for a long time. She thanked me for going down on her and said she couldn't believe that it was my first time. I couldn't believe it either. So now every time I get waxed, it's at her house and we always end up in bed taking care of each other. I get naked as soon as I enter her house and she is completely naked when she waxes me. I bet you'd like a picture of that?"

Rob tells me he would love a picture of me eating Leslie. Better yet, he would love a video. Yeah, right. I don't think that is going to happen.

Rob asks, "Have you told hubby this story?"

"Not in so many words. He knows I go to her house for my waxing, but I've never gone into detail about out post-procedure activity. He just likes the fact that I don't spend $65.00 every month getting groomed."

"Sixty-five dollars! Holy crap, you spent that much money to get your pubes ripped out?"

"Relax silly boy. That's the going rate for waxing at most salons. But now, Leslie doesn't charge me. Well, doesn't charge me money that is."

I laugh out loud at that comment. Sometimes I just crack myself up.

"So that's my little secret that no one knows except you. What do you think about the story of my first time with another girl?"

"Seriously! Look at my cock, I am hard as nails and I've been throbbing for the past half hour. If you hadn't stopped stroking me, I would have cum all over your hand."

"Well I guess we need to take care of that, and I know just what we are going to do. So, would you like to join Leslie and me sometime for a waxing? You will have to grow out your hair for a while, so the wax has something to grip."

"Let me give that some thought. But what about now, what's your little plan?"

I reach over to the nightstand for Rob's Fleshlight. I remove the top and set it aside.

"So, how does this work? Do I put it over your cock and move it up and down? Or do I twist it? Or do I twist and move up and down at the same time? What's your pleasure?"

"Don't judge me, but this is what I do. I take the inner sleeve out and put it in hot water for a few minutes to warm it up. I don't think I need to do that right now, you've got me plenty heated. I drip some lube into the opening and then I pour more lube all over my shaft. Then I stand next to the bed and hold the Fleshlight down on the mattress and pretend I am fucking a lady friend."

"Oooh, do you pretend it's me?"

"All the time lady! Like on Friday night."

"Rob, you are so naughty, this is going to be fun. So, this is your little secret, huh? I'm the only one at work that knows about this. And I only found out about it yesterday."

"Yeah right, I go around telling everyone I'm the proud owner of a Fleshlight. Like you go around telling everyone you own a vibrator?"

"Well dear, most everyone knows that just about every woman in the United States owns at least one vibrator. I'd say that is common knowledge. I'm not sure that is true about the Fleshlight."

"At least one vibrator? Geez Louise, how many do you own?"

"I have three."

"Three!!"

"Yes, three. You've met Max. I have a regular smooth one that hubby likes to use on me and I have a mini-vibe that looks like a lipstick container. I use it when I'm out and about and get horny. I might need some relief."

"Charlene, you are full of surprises. Where do you use your mini-vibe?"

"Oh, I've used in in the lady's room. I've used it in the car. Don't worry I wasn't driving; I was parked along the side of the road. The most daring place was in the movie theatre. I had to be careful not to make any noise. Sometimes that little thing can cause quite a buzz."

"And you say every woman in America has one?"

"Well the clear majority have a vibrator or a dildo. My friend, Leslie, has this life-like nine-inch dildo that supposedly was modeled after some porn star. It has veins and a glans and balls and everything."

"Have you ever used it?"

"No, I am very happy with my rabbit vibrator, Max. Now can we stop this silly talking and take care of you? Stand up by the side of the bed. I've got some vanilla flavored lube that I just love. We're going to use it on you."

Rob stands up next to the bed. His cock pokes straight ahead. I return from the bathroom with a large tube of lubricant and sit on the bed in front of him.

Rob teases, "Wow, that's a supersize tube of lube. You must use a lot of it, eh?"

"Hush you and stand still."

I grab his cock and pull him closer. I squirt some lube on his shaft and spread it around with my fingers. Once he is covered in lube, I lean in and swallow up half of his cock. I lick his shaft and leave a trail of spit.

"Mmm, vanilla tastes good on you. Think of this as a pre-lube job."

I suck his glans one more time before popping his cock out of my mouth.

Time for more lube. I grab the bottle of lube and pour more along Rob's shaft, spreading it all over his thick cock. I pick up the Fleshlight and rub lube around the opening, before scooting back on the bed and placing it between my legs.

"OK, big guy. Show me what you got. Come fuck me."

Rob steps in and lines his cock up with the sex toy. I hold it in place and Rob pushes forward. His cock disappears within the silicone. Our eyes meet, and we smile. I am so turned on watching Rob slide back and forth. His cock is covered with lube.

Rob's eyes move from mine down to my erect nipples and back again. His thrusts speed up and I must hold his Fleshlight in place with both hands. Rob puts his hands on my shoulders to brace his movements and drives to his next climax.
