 Morning came and it was Gina who woke up first. Alfie was snuggled by her. She carefully lifted his arm that enfolded her and stepped out of the bed. She flung in his long sleeved white shirt and padded to the bathroom. A note was taped on the mirror that read:

27 Oct, 04

Hi G,

Chris and I woke up ahead of you and took the liberty of taking some coffee and cheese bread and papaya. We've gone for our job interview appointments. I know you and Alfie were up all night so we didn't bother to wake you up. We had a blast like our first honeymoon. I hope you'll feel wonderful when you wake up. See you later. Say hi to Alf for me and pinch his cute ass for me too. With best of the best pleasure,

Lara 

Gina came back to the room and Alfie was awakened. She sat at the corner of the bed facing him.

"Morning sweetheart, I got a note from Lara. I'm gonna read it to you." She read the letter propping up one foot on the bed exposing all her private parts through the open gauze shirt. Alfie stared and immediately felt a tug in his manhood and a flutter in the pit of his stomach. 

"Hey, they have been here for less than 24 hours and Lara fixated on your ass," she said scratching her pussy absentmindedly with her fingernails. 

"Oh god Gina you're so beautiful, you know that, huh?" He said looking at her finger swirling across the fuzz making the U-shaped lips move as if they're chewing a gum.. 

"Hey, big boy what can you say to that?" 

"What?"

"Lara's comment about your ass."

"Tell her she's got a cute ass also and to make Chris pinch it for me too."

"Oh my god look at that," she said gazing at his erection. Is that a morning flag ceremony or you're just glad to see me here in you bed?"

"Ask him he could spit for himself"

"Come here big boy, come here."

"Haven't I come enough?" He said moving to her on his knees. She held his cock against his body and run her nose along the underside. 

"It smells like a wanton pussy," she said. 

"Who's the lucky girl who got laid last night?"

"C'mon tell me," she urged then reached under her pussy and greased her hand with her girly juice so he could stroke him with ease. 

"Turn your back to me," she ordered and pinched his ass. "That's for Lara. Now this is for me," she said and started to nibble and bite the flesh of his butt while stroking him from behind. OH, he felt he was masturbating himself only with a different hand. Gina was so good, she knew how to pleasure him, even flicking out her thumb between the top neck and ridge of his bell. That even made it harder.

"Oh...Lord...oh...!

"Are you moaning or praying?" She entered her head between his thighs and licked his balls as she pumped him.

"Tell me who got laid last night?" . "Some insatiable girl whose initial letters are G and L. G stands for Great and L for Lay."

Gina chuckled.

"And the name Alfie stands for A Life if you interchange some letters. It means alive and happy if you get the rhyme. And Romano sounds like a god, a centurion, Romulus with a thick cock and a permanent hard-on, how about that uh?" she asked and then licked more of his balls underneath as she quickened her stroke.

"Oww!!!!" It's all he could utter. 

Speaking of names, I should give a name to your cock. My full name is Georgina Hutton Lauren. Perhaps I should call your cock Georgie Porgie. How's that?" she asked and didn't wait for his answer but licked again that spot before his balls. "My grandmother said before that if you gave a name to anything then that it is already yours. "So your cock is now mine."

"Come to me, come some ....comma comma comma cum a ...million," she said earnestly mimicking the melody of Karma Chameleon, (a Boy George number) speeding the rhythm of her stroke while cupping his balls.

"Oh god, oh," Alfie grunted and groan and winced. 

"Turn around and come to my face."

"Oh, life's salty spurts!" she exclaimed as his squirting come rained upon her face. "Oh they're like summer rain. They're not as thick as last night's," she said as she felt them on her face with her fingers. She sucked one of her fingers. "Hmmm, you get sweeter all the time! I should have used this to cream my coffee. You're delicious Alfie, you know that? And gorgeous too," she added hugging him tight to her.

"How many condoms did you use last night?"

"Oh god, who's counting?"

"Tell me how many?"

Alfie was panting. 

"What?"

"Wait. I'm still counting."

"You bastard." She said with gritting teeth as she shook his softening dick to the left and to the right.

"I think we've completed the rainbow colors."

"Gosh I gotta order a larger box," she said ruminating.

"How long will that last?"

"A couple of days maybe," she replied

"Oh with that I can see myself crawling in my room like a survivor from Azcaban."

"Funnee!" she giggled. "And I'm on your back, riding like Godiva slaving on you. Will you throw me out if I do that?"

"Would I still have the energy? What time is it?"

"It's almost 12 noon."

"Oh my god I have to water the eggplants!"

"Eggplant my ass. Want me to water your eggplant. I'm gonna pee! Pee is good for the eggplant, it grows bigger. C'mon let's pee at each other first in the bathroom and find out who can make the perfect arc."

"Oh god I didn't know you're such a pervert," Alfie exclaimed.

"You're more pervert than a priest."

"And you're sluttier than a nun in St. Cecilia."

She laughed aloud. "Hey let's keep our dirty mouths here in your bedroom."

"You want to taste an unwashed pussy?" she asked kneeling over his face. "Eat me out, Alfie just like you did last night. Please..."

Alfie lay on a double pillow and held her twin lips open and worked his weary tongue into her steamy velvety seam.

"How does my unwashed pussy taste?"

"Like rubber," he replied.

"Oh...Oh..be...cos...you burned so much rubbers in there la...last ...night." She giggled

"Oooooh...oOO, oh I like that....Oh god I like the way you diddle my...ohh...ohhh I 'm gonna come fast with that...Oh...ah...ah...ahhhhhhhh! Her climax screeched. Huff-huff-huff.

After her rip-roaring climax Alfie saw her juice streamed down her inner thigh and his mug was drenched.

"Gina, you're a human Niagara Falls."

"One of the great wonders of the world," she said.

"Alfie look at all the puddle mark of sex on your bed. Don't worry I'll clean them up later. Let's go to the bathroom now, do our pee game and then take a nice soak in the tub. And do your eggplant chore while I rustle up some good hearty breakfast for the king. How's that, lover boy?"

"Very admirable indeed!" he said and slapped and kissed her fabulous butt.

"Hey Alfie! Do you think Lara and Chris soiled my bedsheet like this?"

"Why don't you find out?"

"Hey Alfie, I have an idea. Next time I want you to act as a manic priest, a rapist, a pervert, a sexually deprived Michael Douglas tearing my clothes off and banging me against the wall. Can you do that?"

"Okay, next month."

"WHAT??? That long? I have a long list of fantasy."

'"Say why don't you stay in my room and we'll convert your room into our office after Lara and Chris leave?"

"Good idea. So now we won't split the rent?" Gina said eyes probing.

"Yeah, now it's all on me. You little rascal. You got me on that one." 

Gina chuckled.