 His hands were full. He pushed the swinging door to the kitchen open with his foot and went in. Just inside the door, he paused, and his left eyebrow arched up. Charlie was there, on the other side of the island, with her hands under the front of her shirt, squeezing and molding her breasts. As soon as he came in, she looked up, smiled, and quickly pulled her hands out from under her shirt.

"Sorry. I didn't know you were busy," Jimmy said.

He set the four empty wine glasses on the counter.

"Don't worry about it, Jimmy. I just had to fix a little pinching problem," she said.

She straightened her snug blouse over her short, black skirt, brushed back her dark brown hair, and held her arms out.

"What do you think?" she said.

He glanced at her and smiled. On the counter next to her was an empty whiskey tumbler, and she had a little bit of a drunken slur to her words.

"They look great," he said.

Charlie put her hands on her hips.

"But what?"

Jimmy opened the bottle of merlot and was just about to pour some into one of the glasses. He paused and looked at her.

"I'm sorry?"

She smirked.

"But what? You were going to say they look great for being fake."

He shook his head and chuckled, and poured a little merlot into each of the four empty glasses.

"I wasn't gonna say that," he said.

She put her hands over her breasts and squeezed.

"You don't have to. I can see it in your eyes. I see it in the eyes of every man when they look at them," she said.

She leaned on the counter with one hand, put her other hand on her hips and pushed her hip out. Jimmy put the cork back into the merlot bottle. He looked at the door, then back at Charlie.

"Jesus, Charlie. You're Frank Mercer's wife. I'd never say anything like that," he said.

This time, Charlie chuckled. Her nipples were hard and poked through her shirt. She flicked at one with her fingernail.

"Don't bullshit me, Jimmy. That's what they all say. Frank Mercer left his wife to marry a girl half his age. Well, Frank didn't have to pay for these. They're all mine."

Jimmy leaned against the counter, facing her, and sipped the wine. His lips pinched. Too sweet for him.

"I believe it. And they look fine, too. And I don't care if you are two years younger than me. But you're still the wife of my Dad's partner, and that means you're off limits."

She had that smirk on her lips again, and took one step closer.

"Let's go back to the part about how my boobs look fine. How fine?" she said in a softer voice.

Jimmy put the glass of wine on the counter. Maybe there was a beer in the fridge. He looked straight at her chest, then back up to her eyes.

"They do look fine," he said, and had a devilish grin on his face.

Charlie's eyes looked down, too, then back up to his face.

"I gotta tell ya, Jimmy. I've been noticing how you got a little extra where most guys don't show much," she said.

His eyes narrowed.

"What are you trying to tell me?" he said.

Her eyes were locked squarely onto his.

"I mean your cock, silly. You got a big one, don't you?"

He grinned. He was surprised to feel his face grow warm.

"Does that embarrass you?" she said.

He looked away.

"There isn't much that embarrasses me any more," he said.

Between his legs, his penis stiffened and pushed out the front of his neatly pleated slacks. Charlie's hand reached out and touched it, and her eyebrows arched up.

"You certainly don't need to be embarrassed about that," she said.

He watched her face. She knew exactly what she was doing. However, he could not stop thinking that she was the wife of his father's partner. And he should not be flirting with her in the kitchen of his parent's house, especially not on the night of his father's retirement party.

She smiled at him, too. Her big, brown eyes sparkled. His cock twitched and grew harder, stretching down the leg of his slacks under the warm caress of her hand.

He could not deny that he had been horny for her and her hot body since that day three years ago that he was introduced to her at the Club. He would have jumped her right there, just thrown her on Judge Feingold's table in the Men's Grill, right into his grilled chicken Ceasar salad, and started pounding her, if he wasn't standing with his father, shaking Frank Mercer's hand.

So was it any wonder that he made no move to get away when he had Mrs. Mercer's hand on his cock?

"You grew up in this house, didn't you?" she said in a matter-of-fact tone, as if she was asking about the weather.

"I did," Jimmy said.

Her fingers squeezed his cock, and he bit his lip to keep himself from groaning out loud.

"Tell me. Did you ever bring your girlfriend up to your room and, you know ... fuck her on your bed?" Charlie said.

"No. I never got a chance to do that."

She nodded. Her lower lip stuck out, like she was contemplating his answer.

"Would you like to show me your room?" she said.

"I'd love to show you my old room."

She picked up his glass of wine, drank the whole thing, and licked her lips.

"Let's go before my husband wonders where I am," she said.

Jimmy took her hand and led her out of the kitchen. He could only pray that they didn't run into anyone. Charlie's face was flushed and he had a huge hard on pushing out the front of his slacks. It would be pretty obvious what was going on between them.

The party was down the hall in the drawing room, and everyone was there. They snuck up the stairs and down that hall to his room. He opened the door and turned on the light. Charlie went in, looking around.

"I love your room," she said.

She looked at the posters of the cheerleaders that were still hanging on the walls, the video games and the computer, the books on the shelves, and the electric guitar in the corner that was only good for collecting dust. Mom had moved a few boxes of her sewing stuff in there, next to his old desk. Somehow, it just didn't feel like his old room any more.

He sat on the bed, and the springs squeaked. Charlie sat next to him.

"Did you ever kiss a girl in here?" she said.

Jimmy laughed.

"I don't think I ever even brought a girl home."

"That's so sad."

"Yeah. But I got plenty of action in my Dad's car," he said.

Charlie laughed, and covered her mouth with her hand. Jimmy took her hand away from her mouth, pulled her closer, and kissed her. She cried out and her eyes opened wide. Her voice was stifled in his mouth.

Her lips were soft and warm and tender. His blood surged in his veins and roared in his ears. It was like being a teenager all over again, and kissing a girl for the first time.

She put her hand on his knee and moved it up his thigh to rub his cock. If it wasn't hard before, it was as hard as a rock now.

He reached up and squeezed her breast. It was soft, but firm, and yielded under his fingers. He was delighted. She felt fantastic. He hated to admit that he believed they were fake.

His tongue was in her mouth and he was just about to slip his hand under her shirt when she pulled away from him with a loud smack of her lips.

"I think it's time I gave you a blowjob," she said.

She had a sly grin, and her mischievous eyes watched him as she slipped off the bed to the floor in front of him. Jimmy leaned back on the bed on his elbows. She pulled his legs apart and crawled between them. Her fingers unfastened the buckle of his belt with ease, as if she'd done it a thousand times.

Her head shook slowly, and her lower lip stuck out in a sad, pouty frown.

"Poor Frank. I love him. I swear to God I do. It's just that, well, he doesn't always satisfy me the way I need. You know what I mean? I mean, I need it hard, and I need it all the time. Not the way Frank does it to me. I need it with this."

She reached into his slacks and pulled out his huge, thick cock. Her eyes bulged. Her mouth dropped open. It stood straight up, staring down at her, like an evil serpent she had come to worship.

"Oh God. I need it bad," she said.

She grabbed the long, thick shaft with both hands, leaned forward, and sucked the fat head into her mouth. Jimmy closed his eyes and groaned. Her mouth was warm and wet, and she sucked in her cheeks. It was too bad about Frank. He could almost feel sorry for him, if he hadn't spent his entire career trying to cheat Dad out of money. Somebody had to take care of Charlie's needs. He didn't mind if it had to be him.

Her head moved up and down. She was moaning, and her hands were pumping on his shaft. Her puffy, red lips were stretched around the shaft, but still her saliva leaked from the corners of her mouth and ran down the shaft and over her hands.

He brushed her silky brown hair away from her face. Her big, brown eyes blinked a couple of times and looked up into his eyes. It looked like she was trying to smile at him, but it was hard to tell the way her lips were stretched so wide.

The more she worked her head up and down, the more of his cock she took into her mouth. She was sucking on about half of its length. A few times, he felt the head of his cock hit the back of her mouth and make her gag, but she kept going, sucking even harder than before. He groaned. No woman had ever been able to take that much of him before.

He grabbed her shoulders to pull her to her feet.

"Come on. Get up. Let me do you now," she said.

She let his cock slip out of her mouth. The head was dripping with her saliva.

"We don't have time for that. Save it for the next time," she said, and wiped the saliva from her mouth with the back of her hand.

She stood up between his parted legs. She licked her lips and bit her lower lip between her teeth. Jimmy sat up. His hard cock twitched, as if it couldn't wait for what was going to happen next.

Charlie's eyes looked deep into his eyes. She bent down to grab the bottom hem of her short skirt, and pulled it up slowly, revealing her thighs a bit at a time, until she got to the red lace panties with the tiny patch on the front that barely covered her mound.

"What do you think?" she said.

"Very hot. Just like the rest of you," Jimmy said.

Charlie giggled. He had to grin. Frank had made this all too easy for him.

He reached up for the thin straps that held the panties to her hips. She pulled the skirt a little higher, giggling. She was just as excited as him. He pulled the tiny, delicate red panties all the way down her legs. She stepped out of them and he tossed them on the pillow. He leaned forward and kissed her pussy.

"Come on, Jimmy. I told you. We don't have time for that," she said with a laugh, and pushed his head away.

He laid back on the bed, propped on his elbows again.

"No problem. I just wanted to see how you taste," he said.

She lifted one leg over his and put her knee down on the mattress by his hip.

"And how do I taste?" she said.

Her small hand reached down and closed around the wide shaft of his cock.

"As sweet as a honeysuckle rose," he said.

"Oh please. Don't bullshit me. It doesn't work for Frank."

She rubbed the head of his cock along her warm, wet slit, and moaned.

"Ok. Maybe it works a little. He never said anything that nice to me," she said.

Jimmy clenched his teeth to bite back a grin. He wanted to tell her it was because her husband was a selfish asshole who only thought about himself, but it was probably best if he kept those words to himself.

The head of his cock was touching her pussy, was pushed between her swollen pussy lips. Charlie, though, was just rocking her hips back and forth slowly, and moaning behind her closed lips. He put his hands on her hips. It would be so easy to pull her down on his cock, to force it inside her. She would be so tight around his cock.

Most girls usually were very tight their first time with him, before they were stretched out to adjust to his size. And it almost always made him cum right away. Hell, it was so difficult to resist when a girl was so tight around his cock. But he had nearly injured a couple of girls in the past. That would not be good thing, especially if he had to give her back to Frank when he was done. Charlie, though, seemed like the type who might like it that way.

Charlie lowered herself a bit. The head of his cock penetrated her opening. She flinched and gasped, and like a switch had been turned, she began to shake, and her brown eyes had the look of fear.

"My goodness, Jimmy. That's pretty big. I don't know if it's gonna fit," she said with a nervous chuckle.

Jimmy smirked and nodded.

"That's what they all say."

Charlie's expression changed. She looked confused. Her hips were frozen in position in the grip of his hands, with just the head of his cock in her pussy.

"All of who?" she said.

Jimmy sighed.

"All the women I sleep with. They all say the same thing, it's too big for them, they've never had one that big, they don't know if it's gonna fit. Then they get down on it and all of a sudden they can't get enough of it, they want it deeper, they want it harder."

Charlie blinked. She was staring at him like she couldn't believe what he was saying.

"And what do you do?" she said.

He squeezed her hips and pulled her down. An inch or two of his cock pushed into her pussy. Her eyes closed and she groaned.

"I give it to them, of course. As hard and as deep as they want it," he said.

Her lips were parted. She was breathing hard. Her breasts pushed against the front of her blouse.

"That's what I like about you, Jimmy. You're always so giving," she said.

She lowered herself on his cock. A few more inches pushed up inside her pussy. Her brows were twisted and furrowed. She lifted her other knee onto the bed so she was straddling his waist, and bent over him.

"Shut up and fuck me already," he said.

She smiled. Her ass worked slowly up and down, sliding her wet pussy on his cock. He rocked his own hips up and down with her. She flinched each time his cock stretched her open a little bit more, until she lowered herself all the way down on it and let out her breath through her teeth.

Jimmy gritted his own teeth. His entire cock was enveloped by her warmth and her tightness. She was no different than any of the other women, from that very first time when he was younger and Mom's friend Mrs. Chesney discovered that he was better equipped than most grown men. It was impossible to hold himself back that first time, and it never got any easier.

"It's in. Oh God, it's in," Charlie said with a weak voice.

She was leaning over him with both hands on the mattress. She opened her eyes and looked down at him.

"Now start working your magic," he said.

He unbuttoned the front of her white blouse and unfastened the clasp of her bra to release her breasts.

Charlie sat up straight over him. Her weight settled on his lap and her knees pinched in at his waist.

"You want me to do all the work?" she said.

He reached up and squeezed her breasts. She was already moving up and down.

"Hell yeah. You got us this far. Now I'm gonna sit back and enjoy the ride," he said.

She had a smug grin. Her hair hung over her face.

"I'll show you what a good ride I am," she said.

He had his hands over her boobs. She put her hands over his and started to move herself up and down on him. Her skirt was bunched at her waist, and her blouse hung open on her shoulders. He groaned, and fought to restrain himself. God, how he would love to have her in his bed completely naked, face down with her ass up, so he could pound her hard.

Her head tilted back. Her mouth was open and she was moaning.

"Oh God. Oh fuck, yeah," she said in a soft, low voice.

Her body undulated in his hands, writhing forward and back, and side to side. Jimmy tried to watch her face. Was she delirious, or was she getting into it?

Her pussy was clamped around his cock like it didn't want to let go. Charlie worked her ass up and down on it slowly, and every few strokes pressed herself down on it. He felt the head of his cock bump against something deep inside her.

He knew what it was. He had bottomed out in women many times before. Their reaction was always the same. Very few had ever been fucked by a man who could hit their cervix.

Charlie's eyes popped open and her whole body flinched. She even let out a little yelp. The other women always told him afterward how much it hurt, but it was the kind of pain that hurt so good.

"Oh God. I'm cumming. You're making me cum, baby," she said.

She bent forward over him, moaning. Her pussy clamped tighter and tighter on his cock. There was no way he could resist that. He slid his hands down to her hips to pull her down snug, and groaned. His first shot of cum burst from the end of his cock.

Charlie's eyes popped open.

"You're doing it. I can feel it," she said.

But his own face was twisted, and his hips pumped off the bed, shoving his cock as deep into her body as it would go.

Charlie fell on top of him, panting. Her breasts were warm and soft on his chest.

"Oh my God, Jimmy. I haven't cum like that in years," she said.

"Yeah. Me too," he said.

Her face was nuzzled against his neck. He stroked her back and grinned. That was something he never got tired of hearing.

Charlie lifted herself off of him. His cock slid out of her pussy, as slowly as it went in. When it dropped free, it was followed by a gush of thick, white cum that ran down the inside of her thigh.

"Jesus, Jimmy. That's a lot of cum," she said.

She rolled off of him to the bed beside him and reached over and put her hand around his long, sticky cock.

"How many women have you got pregnant?" she said.

"None that I know of."

"Let's hope you don't get me pregnant. That would be a hard one to explain to Frank."

She got off the bed to fix her clothes back on her body. Jimmy stayed on the bed to watch. She put her big, soft breasts back into the bra, fastened it, and buttoned up the blouse. He handed her the tiny red panties that had landed on the pillow. She pulled them up her legs, then pulled her short, black skirt down and straightened it.

By then his cock had softened enough that he could bend it back down into his slacks. He noticed how Charlie watched him out of the corner of her eye, and the look of sadness on her face when he tucked it away.

At the door, she stopped him, put her hands on his chest, and kissed him. She pulled back and looked into her eyes.

"This never happened. At least, not until the next time," she said.

"Of course not," Jimmy said, and kissed her again.

He closed the door to his old bedroom and followed her hot ass down the stairs. He had a grin that would not go away. He could never look at Frank Mercer the same way again.