 Drawing a black trench coat more tightly around his crouching form to ward off the late-fall chill, Captain Darkness was nothing more than another rooftop shadow in the middle of the night as he waited for his prey. He knew his nemesis would eventually step out through the back-alley door; it was only a matter of time and the Captain was a patient man. It had taken weeks of strong-arming the low-lives of Gateway City, sorting through endless rumors and false leads, but it had been worth it. The reign of Dr. Jinx and his criminal empire would end that night, Captain Darkness silently vowed.

He didn't know if he had been on that rooftop for minutes or hours when the alley door finally opened. Captain Darkness had to restrain himself from springing into immediate action as a thug in a pinstriped suit stepped out of the warehouse first. The criminal glanced around the alley with the barrel of a tommy gun before Dr. Jinx finally appeared. Four additional men exited to assume flanking positions on either side of the evil doctor.

Captain Darkness smiled beneath his featureless black mask. It would only be their six against his one -- favorable odds for the hero.

"Get the car and bring it around to -" Dr. Jinx began instructing one of his henchmen before everything went black.

"Wha -?"

"I can't see!"

"What happened to the lights?"

"It's Captain Darkness, you fools!" Dr. Jinx shrieked, reaching under his white suit jacket for a slim pistol. "Kill him!"

Jinx was sure his hired goons were doomed as soon as he heard the familiar bone-crunching sounds of a fist against his men's faces. Even though he couldn't see anything through the supernatural blanket of darkness, he recalled which direction the mouth of the alley was and ran blindly towards it. Dr. Jinx hoped his men could at least delay the Captain long enough to secure an escape.

City lights suddenly came into view as Jinx spilled out onto the street. He glanced back towards the murky blackness consuming the alley as he heard a man scream from his arm being broken. Taking a split-second to regain his bearings, Jinx spotted his car and sprinted towards it...

Miley quickly turned the page to continue reading, "Charlie, this is amazing. When did you write this?"

"While Brian, Sam, and I were in Kansas City," Charlie replied, doing his best to make sense of assembly instructions. Pieces of the crib they had purchased that day lay scattered on the carpeted floor all around him.

Pulling on her ankle Miley curled a leg beneath her as she sat in an easy-chair within their massive bedroom. At eight months pregnant, Miley often struggled to be comfortable. "It's perfect. It's so... so... what's that word you used?"

"Noir," Charlie answered.

"Yeah," Miley nodded as she read. "Noir. It reads like one of those old gangster movies you see on TV late at night. Except your story has superpowers."

Charlie flipped the crib's instructions around, wondering if they made more sense in French, "Sam says the execs at HBO are balking at the setting because the forties will alienate too many viewers. They think the show should be set in modern times."

"That's just silly," Miley declared. "Captain Darkness wears a fedora. No one in modern times wears a fedora. Well, except Indiana Jones."

Charlie smirked at the ignorance of her comment, "Miley, the setting for Indiana Jones takes place... never mind."

"When will the Captain's girlfriend appear on the show? She's in the first issue of the comic, after all. And since it's HBO you can show them having sex and stuff."

"I don't think there'll be any sex scenes," Charlie answered distractedly, combing around the floor for some screws.

"Why not?" Miley sounded surprised, "Someone's having sex every five minutes on Game of Thrones. If you want to make the geeks of the world go crazy for your show, you better put in at least one sex scene per episode and have lots of naked girls scattered around. If there's one thing in this world that excites comic book nerds, it's naked girls."

Charlie stopped what he was doing and considered his wife's words. Miley may not have known what 'noir' meant, but no one Charlie knew had more skill at enticing people. Especially young men, who represented Captain Darkness' key demographic.

"Don't get me wrong," Miley continued, flipping to the next page of Charlie's script. "Your story is awesome, but sex sells. Anyone watching will expect sex and nudity -- people are always fucking on HBO."

"Maybe," Charlie conceded, turning back to his mess of parts. "Crap. 'Some assembly required' my ass. This entire crib needs assembly!"

Miley smiled at her husband's frustration and uncurled from her chair. She padded across the floor to kneel behind Charlie and placed her hands at his shoulders, "Why don't you leave this for later? I'm sure my dad would be willing to help you out once he gets home."

"I should be able to put a crib together," Charlie stated resolutely. "What kind of father will I be if I can't even make a crib?"

Miley rubbed his shoulders comfortingly, "You're going to be an amazing father."

"Are you sure?" Charlie wondered in a worrisome tone. "Our daughter is going to show up in about six weeks and I'm barely old enough to buy a beer. What do I know about being someone's dad?"

"Nothing," Miley answered.

Charlie didn't sound reassured, "Exactly. What if we made a big mistake, Miley? What if we're too young to be parents?"

"Do you think your father had a clue when you were born? My dad didn't. In fact, he pretty much remains clueless when it comes to parenting. I think it's something we'll learn as we go, you know?"

"Learn as we go? Isn't that kind of risky?"

Miley kneaded into Charlie shoulders trying to get him to relax, "You worry too much. A baby isn't really that complicated. You gotta feed them, change their diapers, coo at them when they cry, and take them to the doctor every couple of weeks. The hard stuff comes later."

"Really?" Charlie sounded nervous. "Like what kind of hard stuff?"

"You know - when they start asking questions."

"What kind of questions?" Charlie glanced over his shoulder.

"Um... like when she'll want to know where babies come from."

"That sounds like a good job for her mother. Talking about sex comes naturally to you."

Miley grinned and wrapped her arms around Charlie's neck. "What about when she brings her first boyfriend home to meet her daddy?"

"I'll do a background check and full cavity search on him," Charlie said half-jokingly.

Miley giggled, "Be serious. I mean, what if he has tattoos and rides a motorcycle?"

"I don't know... what did Jack do when you brought your first boyfriend home?"

Miley gave him a funny look, "You should know - you were there."

Charlie's face scrunched up with confusion, "I was? Wait, you mean I was the first boyfriend you introduced to your dad? I didn't know that."

"Silly boy," Miley squeezed him. "You were my first boyfriend. I thought you knew that?"

Charlie tried to remember, "I knew you were a virgin, but you dated a lot of guys before we hooked up, didn't you?"

"Yeah, I went out on dates with boys," Miley shrugged. "But I was never in an actual relationship before you."

He met Miley's father at a restaurant, Charlie remembered. Jack had offered Charlie to help him publish Captain Darkness. "Your dad was totally cool that day," Charlie recalled fondly, the tension slowly easing out of his shoulders as Miley returned to massaging them. "Do you remember what a wreck I was? I was sure he was going to hate me, after your mom caught us having sex."

"Oh god," Miley laughed and briefly covered her face with a palm. "I forgot that happened right before you met him. He asked me about that, at the time. I told him I loved you."

Charlie glanced at her.

Miley smiled warmly, "You had gone to get the car. I told him I loved you and that you were going to be a big part of my life from that moment on. Which was weird, because before you the biggest commitment I ever made was wearing the same pair of shoes two days in a row. I think I freaked him out. His only request was that I not make him a grandfather before he turned forty - which we managed to do. Barely."

Charlie grinned at that.

"You should forget about this crib," Miley suggested. "Let's have sex instead."

Charlie snorted in amusement at Miley's blunt and sudden offer, "Right now?"

Still kneeling behind him, Miley reached around and slid her hand under Charlie's loose tee shirt to rub his chest, "Yeah, why not? I'm only going to be pregnant for so long, and I know how much my pregnant body turns you on."

"It does," Charlie admitted softly.

"Come on," Miley tugged at him, "Let's get kinky."

=====

It had been months since Brian had been at the Tallahassee mall near where he grew up. Much had happened in his life since beginning the promotional tour for his and Charlie's comic book. In a matter of months Brian had gone from a broke college drop-out to one of the comic industry's hottest new artists. In essence, he had grown up; matured. But as he stalked towards The House of Spandex, the mall's comic book shop, everything seemed distantly familiar. Little had changed.

Theo, a rail-thin, red-headed, soon-to-be high school senior, was standing behind the register counter when Brian entered the store. "Holy crap," Theo's face lit up. "Brian? Man, I haven't seen you in -"

"Where is he?" Brian interrupted sternly.

"Uh..." Theo blinked at the curt greeting, "Where's who?"

"Chip," Brian clarified. "Where's Chip?"

"I dunno," Theo shrugged with the whole of his arms. "He's on his afternoon break. Maybe try the food court?"

Without another word Brian turned to leave.

"Wait...!" Theo called, "Could you sign my copy of Captain Darkness #1?"

But Brian was already out of the store. He maneuvered swiftly through the thin weekday crowd, bypassing the department store wing. He cut around the jewelry store where Haley once worked before turning towards the center of the mall. Centrally located, the food court was a circle of fast-food brands with a mass of tables in the middle.

Chip's backwards ball cap wasn't hard to spot. He was seated at a table with a blonde woman who had her back to Brian's approach.

"You son of a bitch!" Brian growled when he got closer, violently pushing a chair out of his way.

"Brian?!" Chip's eyes grew wide. He slid his chair back cautiously, recognizing a fury in Brian's eyes.

Leading with his fist, Brian didn't let Chip get as far as standing up. Chip caught the punch right in the chin, causing the slender teen to bowl over backwards in his chair.

"Brian!?" Stacy yelled, just as surprised as Chip was to see her ex-boyfriend.

It hadn't registered in Brian's fury-filled mind that the blonde sitting with Chip would likely be Stacy, but the sound of her voice startled him enough to cease any further violence.

"What the hell are you doing?" Stacy shrieked, hurrying around the table to where Chip was laying on the hard floor.

"So it's true," Brian accused. "You've replaced me with one of my friends. It's not bad enough that you dumped me over the phone -- you have to hook up with Chip?!?"

Chip remained on the floor as Stacy knelt at his side. He put a hand to his chin and checked his fingers for blood.

"You left me!" Stacy shot back. "To go hopping around the country with your ex-girlfriend! You don't have any right to be angry at me about anything!"

"I was faithful to you," Brian leveled an emphasizing finger. "But from what I hear all you've done this summer is drink, party, and spread your legs!"

Stacy abandoned Chip's side, rose, and slapped Brian across the face, all in one fluid motion.

"Ow!" Brian complained, "What the hell was that for?"

"You're an asshole," Stacy sneered. She moved to slap him a second time, but Brian caught her wrist before Stacy could once again make impact on his cheek.

Chip realized he was fine and sat up on the floor, "Come on, you guys...."

"Let go of me!" Stacy tried tugging her wrist free from Brian's grasp.

"Are you drunk right now?" Brian asked, smelling the alcohol on her breath once they were face to face.

"That's none of your business," Stacy hissed, furious. "I'm none of your business, not anymore!"

"Did you drive here?" Brian asked, stunned. "To see Chip on his break?" He glanced down at his former chum, "Were you going to let her leave like this? Let her drive?"

Chip wasn't sure how to answer Brian's question, managing only a stammer, "I-I...."

"Fuck you, Brian," Stacy spat. "You don't have any say about what I do or don't do. Not anymore."

"That may be," Brian countered. "But I'm not going to let you drive anywhere like this. Give me your keys."

"Fuck off!" Stacy yelled, trying to push Brian away. He held her wrist and tried to calm Stacy, which began a tug of war between them.

"Uh-oh," Chip suddenly rose, seeing a pair of mall security guards approaching. "Uh, guys? Maybe you should stop fighting...?"

The suggestion fell on deaf ears as Brian and Stacy continued to stubbornly push and pull on each other while bickering.

=====

Miley was lying on her back in bed, her wavy curls splayed out like a halo around her head, when her eyes suddenly went wide. "Oh my god," she gasped, reaching around her pregnant stomach to clutch Charlie's hair at the back of his head, "Oh my god, Charlie. Don't stop... don't stop... oh my god, that feels so good."

Charlie had his face buried between Miley's thighs, orally servicing her. He had been taking his time, licking her slit and teasing Miley's clitoris, listening to her beg for his manhood rather than his mouth. When he finally focused on her pleasure-inducing button with steady attention from his tongue she began writhing and moaning; her begging for his erection changed into pleas for more of his mouth.

Pulling her husband's face into her sex, Miley's other hand clutched at the sheets. "You're going to make me cum," she announced. Her baby-heavy tummy was thrust towards the ceiling as she arched her back, shockwaves of pleasure taking over any motor control. Even her toes curled as Miley began gasping uncontrollably.

The orgasm was obvious by Miley's physical reaction, but Charlie could also taste it. A tangy honey seemed to melt out of Miley's pussy, the familiar flavor assaulting his tongue. He continued licking and sucking her clitoris as she rode the waves of pleasure, waiting until her squeezing thighs loosened from around her head.

"Oh fuck," Miley shivered, pulling Charlie's face away from her suddenly-sensitive clitoris. "That felt so fucking good, baby. God, I needed that."

Charlie grinned at her lidded expression, lifting himself to kneel at the foot of the bed between her feet. Miley's orgasm stained his face, her glistening juices wetting his mouth and cheeks.

With a giggle Miley beckoned, "Come here, silly. You've got my pleasure all over your face."

Charlie slid his body alongside hers so Miley could kiss him. She licked the corners of his mouth and dragged her tongue over his lips, cleaning him of her essence.

"Do you like that?" he asked, kissing her back.

Miley cupped his cheek in her palm, "Do I like what? Getting eaten out? Of course -"

"No. Tasting yourself. That doesn't bother you? Tasting your own wetness?"

Miley smiled and bit her lower lip, "Of course not. You like it, why shouldn't I?"

"I guess it's different for girls," Charlie surmised. "Most guys would get freaked out by... you know."

"Tasting their own cum?"

Charlie nodded.

"Do you think about it?"

Charlie's eyebrows rose in silent question.

"Eating your cum. Have you ever thought about it? You know, like when you're jerking off?"

He blushed, "I, uh...."

She smiled at Charlie's sudden shyness, "Charlie, don't be silly. It's me. You can tell me anything. Is that something that turns you on, baby?"

"I guess I've thought about it," Charlie admitted. "And I remember tasting it on your finger, once. I guess I was just curious, you know, of what it tastes like."

"We could try some together," Miley suggested gently, caressing his cheek and pressing a soft kiss against his lips.

"You don't think that's... um...." Charlie hesitated.

"Gay?" Miley finished for him.

Charlie nodded again, grateful how Miley often found his words and had no inhibitions to speak them.

Rolling to her side, Miley reached between their lying bodies and found Charlie's cock. She curled her fingers around its semi-rigid length. She hid her amusement, "I'm pretty sure you're not gay, Charlie."

Charlie breathed out a quiet laugh, mirroring Miley and rolling to face her.

"I think it's pretty normal for a guy to be curious about his own cum," Miley offered, guiding his erection to life with slow strokes. "I mean, how often does a guy jerk off in his life? About a gazillion times? If I had a cock, I'd be curious what the goo shooting out of me tasted like."

Charlie stared into her perfect blue eyes, "So, um, what did you mean by sharing it?"

Miley smiled playfully, "First we have to get it out of you. Just leave everything to me, okay?"

"Okay," Charlie agreed. He trusted Miley in all things sexual.

"Put your hand on me," she instructed. "On my pregnant tummy."

Charlie did, spreading his palm over the curve of her pregnant stomach. Her skin was warm and smooth.

"Your cum is really potent," Miley said as she rubbed her thumb around the firm edge of Charlie's cockhead. "It made me this way. Your cum made me pregnant. It has grown inside my tummy, turning into a baby. You put a baby into me, Charlie, by shooting your cum into my womb."

Charlie began smoothing his hand over Miley's skin, feeling her swollen stomach and caressing her pregnancy.

"I love your cum," she continued the dirty talk. "I love how it tastes and how it feels. I love it when you shoot your cum on my body and it feels hot against my skin. I feel so proud when you do that, knowing I turned my man on so much that your cock gave up its pleasure just for me."

Charlie closed his eyes, her words and touch turning him on. His hand moved to one of Miley's breasts, her inflated nipple hot against his palm. Her breast felt heavy, soft, and flush with motherhood.

"That's it," Miley encouraged him. "Play my tits. Feel my pregnant body."

Dribbles of milk began leaking from Miley's nipple as Charlie continued squeezing. The tighter he clutched her breast, the more milk came out. Before long a hair-string stream would spray against his chest each time he squeezed, like milking an udder.

"That feels good," she whispered, speeding up her hand. Miley began masturbating Charlie with rapid pumps, her fist upside-down compared to her usual technique, "You like milking me, don't you baby?"

Charlie nodded, his breath growing aroused, "You're so sexy, Miley. God, I love your pregnant body."

Briefly pausing her masturbating strokes, Miley moved her hand so that some of the milk would spill out onto her fingers and palm. She used the fluid to lubricate Charlie's shaft and slicken her strokes, "I know you do, baby. I can feel it in your cock -- it's so hard right now. I can't wait to make you cum. It's going to turn me on so much to watch you taste it."

Charlie twitched as Miley focused on his cock's head, rubbing it exclusively for several brisk strokes. His hips started moving, fucking his cock into Miley's grip.

She matched his needy tempo and sensed Charlie wasn't far, "Are you a naughty boy, Charlie?"

He moaned with arousal, reaching his arm around to Miley's backside to clutch at the padding of her ass.

"Are you a naughty boy who wants to taste his own cum? Huh, baby? Are you gonna taste your own cum for me?"
