 It was 5.15 she had just gotten home from work and was tired she couldn't face going out tonight. She knew she had to get ready this was arranged and if she didn't turn up then her reputation would be ruined. She hadn't dated in months and on the advice from a girlfriend at work she had placed the advert on a contact site. It simply stated "for intimate evening with beautiful woman send me an email to arrange our date". She had gotten an email this morning. It had said "will meet you at The Hilton at 8.00 tell the concierge you have a table booked under Max. See you there."

She went into the bathroom and turned on the shower and began to undress. She slowly undid the buttons on her blouse one by one. Slowly sliding it off her shoulders it falls to the floor as she reaches behind her and undoes the black bra. As the bra falls away her tits are exposed to the cool air in the room her nipples stiffen and she can't help herself as she runs her hands over her tits gently pinching the nipples. She wonders what tonight will bring as she unzips her skirt and kicks of her shoes

The skirt falls to the floor and she peels of her panties and steps under the warm shower. The water cascades over her body her hands explore for imperfections as she lathers the soap up and runs it over her body teasing her nipples and running her hands over her mound...as she thinks about shaving her pussy bald. The aches of the day disappear under the warm water. She gets her magic razor from her bathroom cabinet and lathers up her pussy as she glides the razor over the surface and begins to shave it. 

Minutes later she's running her fingers over the smooth surface her body tingling at the heightened sensation. She runs her fingers up and down the smooth surface of her skin, soft like velvet and as smooth as silk. She slips one finger between the folds of her pussy lips and slowly drags it up until her finger hits her clit. Pressing against it she rubs it hard, it begins to swell with the attention becoming sensitive to the touch. Her breathing becomes shallow. She can feel the moisture between her legs as her pussy becomes wet with arousal. She slides her hand back down and slips one finger into her sweet hole, then another then finally a third. She starts pumping her fingers in and out of her pussy. The sensations washing over her, she lets out a whimper of lust. She knows she's about to cum. grind her pussy onto her fingers as she pushes her fingers as deep as she can get them into her. Then it hits her. The orgasm rips through her body as she stands shaking and screaming in ecstasy. She steps out of the shower dries and opens her private wardrobe hoping that tonight will be as wonderful as her shower.

What should she wear should she go casual but smart or dressed to kill. She doesn't even know what the guy looks like and she can feel herself moisten at the thought of maybe meeting a good looking bloke and where it may lead. She wasn't easy but she hadn't had a good fuck since she left college four months earlier. She decided to dress to kill and reaches into the back of the wardrobe for the outfit she bought for that special occasion. The long black dress with the split at the side that climbed to her hip and almost reached her waist. She felt sexy in it, alive...it was strapless so she couldn't wear a bra.. the basque and garter set she thought...it was sexy erotic and with the stockings and the five inch fuck me heels on her new stilettos she would look hot as hell.

She sat at the dresser and painted her nails deep crimson red. Her friends would laugh and call it "Slut Red" she knew it looked tarty but it was a nice contrast against her skin and the black of the outfit she had chosen to wear. She did her make-up subtle and not to heavy except for the lipstick it was a deep dark burgundy red. God she thought I look fucking hot. She put on her black Basque then her stockings, sheer black nylon with lace tops and a little black bow on the front and back with a single black line running down the seam at the back. She attached these to the garters that where on the Basque. Then she put her "fuck me" heels on and then the dress. No knickers, normally she wouldn't dream of not wearing knickers but she had made her mind up if she was going to get fucked tonight she wanted to be ready no hesitation.

She got to the hotel early. Walking up to the concierge she looked at the clock 7.50.

The concierge was good looking, possibly Italian when he smiled at her she felt herself get moist between her thighs, god she thought I'm like a bitch in heat. She was shown to the table and a chilled bottle of champagne was served. She had a glass and only then noticed the table she was sitting at was set for one. She called on a waiter to explain she was meeting someone but the table was only set for one. He disappeared and came back with an envelope and a key card. She opened it and read the card.

Sorry couldn't make it to dinner. If you still want to meet for drinks use the key card I will meet you in the room. Don't worry about the bill everything has been paid for enjoy the evening... Max.

Hmm she thought this guy was very mysterious. She wondered if she should use the card. It was a bit risky a strange hotel room on her own meeting a man whom she didn't know. Her mind screamed at her No... Logic dictated she should just finish her meal enjoy the night and go home. She was feeling adventurous and besides the guy had paid for everything, the meal, the champagne she wanted to know what this guy looked like. She finished her meal and the glass of champagne and asked for the bottle to be taken to the room along with a helping of strawberries. Champagne and strawberries tasted so nice and she thought she may as well enjoy this while she could after all she wasn't paying for it.

She went to the bathroom to freshen up her make-up and then headed for the room. She took the elevator up the bell boy in the lift was cute. She caught him stealing glimpses at her as the elevator made its way up the floors. As they arrived at her floor the doors opened and she was about to head out. Just then she had a real naughty thought. Hell the kid was cute and this would make his night. She reached past him pressed the button to close the doors then hit the stop button. The bellboy looked at her and was about to say something but before he could speak she kissed him. 

Her lips met his and her tongue worked its way into his mouth, exploring, caressing. Her hands reached for his pants and undid his zipper. She had him pinned in the corner kissing him as her hand worked its way inside his pants she felt him relax as her fingers curled around his cock before pulling it out into the open. She broke the kiss and put a finger to his lips and just whispered "shhhhhhhhhhhhh"

She then dropped to her knees in front of him her hand stroking his cock watching it harden and feel it throbbing in her hand. God he was hot and such a nice cock. She eased her hand back until it was at the based of his cock and then licked the head of his cock with her tongue. He was getting excited pre-cum was flowing from the tip in a steady little stream. She wrapped her lips around the head of his cock and took it into her mouth her tongue licking at the head and underside of his cock. Slowly she started to take him deeper and deeper into her mouth her head bobbing back and forth as she sucked this gorgeous thick cock. 

He started to thrust his hips at her his cock pushing into her mouth. She could sense his urgency and need for release. She used the hand holding his cock at the base to stop him from choking her with his cock as she took him as deep as she could bobbing her head faster. Minutes later she heard him groan as he filled her hungry cock sucking mouth with his cum. It was thick and gooey and salty. He either hadn't been laid in a while or was still a virgin. A smile crossed her face at that thought. As she concentrated on swallowing his cum there was such a lot that she had to swallow a couple of times to accommodate his load.

Done she stood up, put his cock back in his pants and zipped him up, looked into his eyes and winked at him as she licked her lips. She then hit the button for the doors to open on the lift and walked out wiggling her ass at him as she left him standing there speechless. She giggled to herself, God that was so bad but felt so good. She wondered if he would still be on duty when she left if so she would invite him back to her apartment and fuck his brains out.

She got to the room and using the key she opened the door. Looking in it was a nice suite. On a table in the room she could see her champagne and her strawberries. Hmm time for another drink, she thought cant kiss her date with the taste of another mans cum in her mouth could she. She poured herself a drink and set the bottle on the table. She had just finished the drink and put the glass on the table. When she felt him behind her. She hadn't even heard him come in. was he here all this time. She went to turn to face him when she heard him say stop. She was not to turn around unless she was told to. 

The voice was soft but she could feel the power behind it. She felt a chill run through her as she felt his hands on her shoulders. His touch was soft, gentle as his fingers caressed her skin, she began to moisten between her legs. No man had made her feel this way before just by touching her. She felt him kiss her neck she tilted her head to the side enjoying his touch. She heard him whisper the words to an old meatloaf song she had heard at college. "would you offer your throat to the wolf with the red roses?"

She let out a sigh and breathlessly whispered yes...just as she said it he lay on the table in front of her a red rose. Again he asked her "would you offer yourself to the wolf with the red roses?" she was getting wetter at the thought of being with this man as she once again said yes. This time he put a bunch of red roses on the table and a blindfold. She looked at the blindfold and a sense of apprehension went through her. What was the meaning behind this? Her mind was confused. His touch was exquisite and she wanted more.

He whispered in her ear he was going to leave the room for a few minutes. If she wanted to continue the evening she would remain standing where she was facing the window. Upon his return she would be blindfolded and she would give herself to him completely for the rest of the evening. If she wasn't prepared to do that she could take the roses what was left of the champagne and leave now. With that he kissed her neck and shoulder and was gone.

She stood there confused. Not knowing what to do, she had never been faced with a choice like this before. She picked up the blindfold, she felt herself get a little bit more wet between her legs. She had worn a blindfold before for an old college lover she could remember the heightened sensations on her skin as he touched her not knowing where his hands would touch next. The touch of this man made her so wet she wondered how much more amazing that touch would feel. 

She heard a knock at the room door. Time was up she could take the roses and leave and get a look at this mystery man on her way out or she could do as he asked and stand there looking out the window. God she thought I cant believe I'm doing this as she turned toward the window picked up the glass of champagne took a large drink and then let out a deep sigh.

Just as her glass hit the table she felt his hands on her shoulders. He lifted the blind fold and placed it over her eyes and tie it behind her. He took her hand and guided her into the middle of the room. He stood behind her kissing her shoulder as he worked his way towards her neck she tilted her head offering herself to him. He asked her name and she told him it was Charlotte. Well Charlotte he said your advert said an intimate night with a beautiful woman. Yours certainly beautiful and tonight you will discover how intimately I intend to get to know you. 

She felt his hands caress her shoulders his fingers running over her smooth skin across her back between her shoulders. A chill went through her as his fingers stroked down her spine from her neck to the zipper on her dress. She felt the dress loosen as he pulled down the zipper and felt it fall to the floor. Then there was silence for a minute, then foot steps it was only then when she realised he was checking her out did she remember she hadn't put any knickers on, She blushed a little. 

She heard a zipper coming from her left and movement but couldn't identify it. Minutes later he is standing in front of her. He kissed her lips softly his tongue exploring her mouth. She reaches up to hold him her hands on his shoulders as she runs her fingers through his hair their tongues entwined as he pulls her close.

She presses herself against him and feels his hard cock pressing against her. 

She can feel his Cock against her skin and assumes that max has a very big cock as the tip brushes her abdomen. She runs her hands down his chest and makes a move towards his cock. She feels his hands grip hers and he whispers in her ear "Later". He takes her hand and leads her into the lounge area of the suite. He asks her to get down on her hands and knees with her legs spread. She does as he asks and feels his hands caress her ass, driven by lust now she lowers her head and raises her ass to meet his touch.

She feels his fingers run through her hair and then grip it tight as he pulls her head back, his cock brushing against her face. "Charlotte I know you like to suck cock, the bell boy will be smiling all night. Show me how much you like cock, and suck me Charlotte". She was shocked, how did he know? Had the bell boy told him? Of course she liked to suck cock she loved a hard cock in mouth. Her mind raced here she was in heat on her hands and knees in front of this stranger and he knew about her, how?

She made a mental note to ask him how he knew about the bell boy later. She licked her lips and opened her mouth wide as she felt him push his cock into her mouth. It was thicker than the bell boy's and was filling her mouth as he continued to push his cock forward into her mouth. She could feel it hit the back of her throat, she could sense he wanted her to deep throat his cock and she swallowed to accommodate his cock.

She continued to deep throat his cock as he withdrew his cock and thrust it back into her mouth. She felt his cock throb and thought he was about to cum but instead he withdrew his cock from her mouth. Minutes later she felt him behind her his hands on her thighs and his warm breath on her pussy. He had position himself under her, her pussy hovering above his face. She felt his tongue flick out and felt the tip of his tongue caress her pussy lips. The sensation was making her squirm, the feather light cresses of the tip of his tongue was making her wetter, she could feel the tension building within her.

She wanted to cum so much she let out a deep moan of pleasure and she felt him pull her closer and his mouth press into her pussy. His tongue probed deep into her as his nose rubbed against her clit. Her clit already sensitive from arousal throbbed and ached for attention. She let out another deep guttural moan of pleasure as she felt his tongue replaced by his fingers, Pumping in and out of her pussy as he finger fucks her his mouth encloses over her engorged clit. Holding it in his lips his tongue flicking against it, she begins to grind her pussy onto his fingers and mouth seeking more pleasure to take her over the edge and make her cum. Just as she can feel it Cumming and her breath quickens towards release of her built up passion. She feels his teeth grip her clit and bite gently but enough to take her over the edge.

She feels the orgasm rip through her. Her body is shaking as waves of pleasure roll over her. He slips out from under her and just as she thinks the orgasm is about to subside she feels him thrust his hard cock deep into her pussy. He starts to piston his cock in and out of her pussy as his left hand grabs a hand full of her hair pulling her head back forcing her to arch her back as he drives his cock deep into her. His right hand comes down hard on hard ass. The Shock of this brutal fucking compared to the exquisite caresses of the earlier foreplay send her once again over the edge. 

She had never been fucked roughly before and she felt herself enjoying the feeling of being impaled on this hard cock and being taken. The orgasms started to ripple through her system, little ones at first, getting stronger and more intense with each slap of his hand against her soft flesh. He took her to the crest of the mountain and then withdrew his cock from her pussy. She cried out in frustration. "Fuck me, make me cum, punish me and make me cum I need to cum"

She felt his hands on her ass and she smiled as she prepared to take his cock hard in her pussy, her ass was going to be so tender from the slapping but she had never experienced being fucked like this and she wanted more. She felt him rub his cock against her pussy and cried out for him to shove it in her and fuck her like a whore she needed to cum.

Just then he took her by susrprise and instead of driving his cock deep into her pussy she felt cold lube and then his cock press against her ass. Before she could say no, He was in her, his cock pushing through her ring. She let out a cry of pain as his cock drove deep into her bowels. Her ass felt like it was on fire. She felt his balls slap against her pussy as he began to fuck her ass. 

The pain began to subside to pleasure as he added more lube and she felt his cock slipping back and forth in her ass. She had never done anal with any of her previous lovers this was something she would never have done if he had asked. However he didn't ask he just took her and fucked her as she had asked. She could feel the pleasure building within her again. His hand slapped hard against her ass as he pulled back, the sting of flesh on flesh. As his hand went back to slap her again she would feel his cock drive deep into her ass. This combined with him pulling her hair and pulling her back onto his cock was driving her towards another massive orgasm. She felt every inch the Whore, A cock whore she wanted his cock in her and she wanted it hard.

She could sense he was about to cum his breathing was becoming more ragged and he had stopped slapping her ass. Instead he had both hands gripped in her hair pulling her back onto his cock as he drove it into her ass harder and faster. She couldn't take it anymore she let out a cry that she was Cumming. She was Cumming hard her body was shaking with muscle spasms; her whole body became sensitive to the touch. Just then he drove deep into her ass and let out a deep guttural growl. More animalistic than human in nature as she felt his cock spasm inside of her as he began to cum. She could feel the warm cum being released into her ass. This sent her over the edge and she began to cum again. The extra heightened sensations of this cum was exquisite she could feel her cum juices flowing from her pussy soaking her thighs and her stocking tops. 

She collapsed on the floor, her muscles and body tired from the exertions of her orgasms. She felt him pull out of her ass now tender and full of his cum. She was exhausted she closed her eyes and sleep took her. He stood over her looking down at her. Her hair was matted with sweat, her make up had run, her ass was red with hand prints from the slapping he had given her. Her thighs and pussy where glistening wet with her cum, there was a wet patch on the floor where he had fucked her and he thought he could see traces of his cum around her gaping ass where his cock had been minutes before. The goddess that he had seen when she first came in looked every inch the whore that he thought she was. 
