 Author's Note:

The following is a work of fiction. It may or may not contain characters based on persons living or dead and may or not may contain actions completed by these same persons who may or may not have lived.

The world where this story takes place is an alternate reality where sexually transmitted diseases and unwanted pregnancies do not exist (nod to BusyBadger).

This is one of a number of short stories about the protagonist. If there is enough interest, I will continue to publish additional chapters.

A hearty thank you and high praise for the editing work and story ideas supplied by fellow author and editor JustKeepRunning. Check out his work! I quite enjoyed it.

*****

His body still dripping water after his shower, Chase mechanically pulled a towel across his muscular back. Years of high school sports and now swimming in college had shaped and toned his physique. He was not sculpted like a bodybuilder, but smoothly muscled, tall and lean.

He stood naked looking out his bedroom window while he continued drying his sandy brown hair. The windows in the row of townhouses behind theirs reflected jumbled images of the cars and buildings below, trees and blue sky above.

He looked to his right toward the clubhouse and pool. He couldn't really see the pool, only hear the joyful screams of children as they jumped into the refreshing water. 

It was a sunny summer day. He was thinking there would be a lot of people on the deck around the pool, maybe even some of the new tenants he saw moving in recently. Too bad he didn't have the time to go check it out, he thought. He would have to leave for work soon.

Turning away from the window, some motion at the bottom of his field of vision caught his attention. As he turned back to the window and focused on the motion, he realized it was his neighbor, Carol. 

The attractive, seemingly unattached woman had just moved in next door to he and his father. She was probably closer to his father's age than his, but he was infatuated with her. He never dared come on to her - why would she want to be with some kid when he saw a steady stream of men entering and leaving her townhouse all the time. 

Her shoulder length black hair was naturally sun bleached, the highlights framing the unblemished oval of her face. Clear blue eyes conveyed intelligence and held one's attention almost against their own will. These eyes held secrets he wanted to learn and understand. A feminine nose separated the blue above from the white below of her movie star quality smile. Her smile melted any defenses he had against her taking whatever she wanted from him.

Her firm form spoke of her commitment to exercise and of her genetics. Soft feminine shoulders supported the slender neck holding the attractive face under her styled hair. A pair of grapefruit sized half domes sat proudly on her chest, frequently displayed in halter or bikini tops. The smooth plain of her abdomen connected the mounds of her breasts to the mound of her mons. Her trimmed but unshaven bush added to the natural swell in her bikini. A pair of firm round buttocks and curved hips gave definition to her middle, frequently attracting more attention than her upper body. 

She had a certain presence about her. She carried herself with an air of confidence that commanded a respect due a military commander. He felt like he was ready to march into battle if she only commanded it. 

The glow of her skin was emphasized by the bronze of her tan. She had the kind of tan that only someone with enough leisure time could get from sunbathing, like she was at that moment. Chase watched as she was applying tanning oil to her arms. The bright sun reflected off the oiled skin. 

He stared at the beautiful thirty-something woman liberally rubbing coconut oil over her arms and shoulders. He imagined smelling the combination of sweat and aromatic oils on her skin. He thought about planting tiny kisses behind her ear all the way through the valley of her cleavage. As she began to spread the tasty smelling fluid around her cloth covered breasts, he became aware of his erection throbbing with need. Imaging his hands rubbing her exposed flesh, his hand found the pulsing member. As she rubbed oil around the white triangles covering her tits, he rubbed the aroused flesh jutting out from his waist. 

Carol continued rubbing oil into the warm flesh, unhurriedly working down her smooth abdomen. Chase was now rubbing his flesh equally unhurriedly, his middle finger tip just touching the tip of the thumb. The ring they formed just grazing the rim of the penis head with each pass back and forth. 

The teasing sensation of this motion caused his toes to curl in exquisite torture. He was aware that he wouldn't climax this way; he wanted to watch her finish before he came. He hoped that she would show more skin, but he knew that was not realistic. If she was wearing a bikini in her own backyard, she clearly wasn't planning to sunbathe nude. 

She pushed down the top of her bikini, exposing a small band of lighter skin. Chase ached, desperate to see more. Feminine fingers worked tiny circles, massaging oil on the newly exposed skin and under the waistband. He uttered words of encouragement and pleading that she couldn't hear. 

She continued oblivious to the young man watching from above. Satisfied that her smooth, toned stomach was adequately oiled; she switched to her feet. He groaned with disappointment; the orgasm he was postponing threatening to crest at any moment. 

Drawing her feet together and bringing them close to her center, she drizzled long lines of oil along the clean lines of her bent smooth legs. He imagined what it would like to be between her knees, his hands massaging the shapely flesh of her well-formed thighs. 

Capturing the clear fluid leaking from the end of the rod he was stroking, he changed his grip. Now he was passing the lubricated ring along the length of the barrel and swirled the knob at the end before returning along the veiny cylinder. 

Her knees opened in a wide 'V', Carol rubbed inside her thighs, pushing the material into a smaller and smaller triangle. Chase groaned with frustration, the teasing of her fingers around her mons and labia tormenting him agonizingly. He wished she would just remove the tiny patch of fabric. He imagined what she would look like naked, how fleshy the labia would be - just a clean slot with little lips covering her hidden entrance or thick fleshy petals of a feminine flower that grew puffy when aroused. He drew a deep breath as he imagined inhaling her aroma. 

Grunting as the slowly-built climax finally crested, he had the presence of mind to capture his discharge with one hand as he continued manipulating the pulsing flesh with the other. 

Looking one last time, he was pleased to see her face down on the lounge chair. He drank in the sight of her rounded cheeks only partially covered by cloth. The straps containing the cups providing lift to the twins on her chest laid dangling on either side of her. She didn't want tan lines, he concluded. He liked tan lines, it was somehow sexy seeing the lighter colored flesh normally hidden for reasons of modesty. 

In that moment with his spunk in one hand and his manhood in the other, he concocted a ridiculous scheme to get inside her house, maybe even more.

----------

Carol opened the door. Chase was standing there bare chested, an anxious look on his face. "Uh, hi, Carol. I was taking a shower when I saw I was out of shampoo. So, I..." he hesitated. His sandy brown hair was still damp, clinging to his tanned skin. Her eyes surveyed the firm legs, the flat abdomen, but it was his gray blue eyes that captured hers. 

"So, you just came over here to borrow some shampoo - in a towel." she smirked.

"Yeah, I guess so." he offered sheepishly. "Can I come inside?" he asked, looking around nervously. Carol swung the door open and Chase darted inside. "Um, thanks." he smiled, the relief evident on his face. Carol watched him squirm nervously, gripping the towel tightly with one hand. 

"You're lucky you caught me," she offered, "I was getting ready to go out." Chase just then noticed that she was wearing a short silky bathrobe. He could see the small bumps of her nipples pressing against the thin fabric. 

"Yeah, lucky." he agreed weakly, quickly bringing his eyes back up to meet hers. 

"So, can I borrow some shampoo?" he asked, purposely looking her in the eye. 

"So, you want to borrow some shampoo?" she asked teasingly, "Are you going to give it back?" 

Chase chuckled nervously, "Are you going to want it back?" he quipped, attempting to be funny. 

"I dunno, maybe," she began, "we can trade for it." 

"Ok!" he offered eagerly, "What do you have in mind?" 

Her smile twisted, "Oh, I dunno, but I'm sure I can think of something." she said staring pointedly at the bulge growing in his towel and licked her lips. Was she flirting with him? This was better than any fantasy he had come up with.

Carol turned and started walking up the stairs to her bathroom. Chase watched intently as her ass cheeks worked up and down under the kimono. As she climbed up the stairs, he hoped to get a glimpse of her panties, but was surprised when he didn't see any - only then realizing that she wasn't wearing any. His mind started racing a million miles an hour - was she flirting with him? Was she just being polite? What did she mean by trading for it? Was she staring at his bulge?

Soon Carol started back down the stairs; the sway of her heavy breasts held his attention with a vise-like grip. He knew he shouldn't stare but he couldn't tear his eyes away. He could only imagine seeing them, caressing them, licking and sucking the warm flesh and hard nipples. She smiled to herself; he was completely wrapped around her finger. 

She reached the bottom of stairs and stood in front of Chase. "Here you go." she smiled slyly. As she handed the bottle to him, it slipped through his hand falling to the floor. He released his grip on the towel to swoop down and try to catch the shampoo before it hit the floor. Carol felt the bottle slip and stooped to pick it up. 

Both their hands met on the bottle. Chase saw Carol's hand on the bottle and followed the rich brown flesh of her arm upward. Carol's eyes moved upward and locked onto the rock hard erection within her reach. His eyes moved toward her center and was treated to an unobstructed view down the front of her kimono, her full breasts hanging enticingly less than an arm's length away. He crouched there for several seconds, unable to look away.

Chase had the sudden realization that he was staring at her tits and she would obviously know that he was staring, so he quickly stood up, her hand still over his holding the bottle. "Ah, sorry." he offered weakly, but instead of chastising him, she was still staring at his prized possession. 

Without breaking her stare, she said, "Well I know what we can trade for." She released her grip on the bottle and placed it around the throbbing erection. Panic set in as he became aware he was standing buck naked with her hand around his pole.

She tugged gently and turned to walk upstairs. Chase stood there dumbly until she tugged again and started walking. Chase followed like a dog on a leash, too dazed to resist. As she marched up the stairs, she released her grip - it was too awkward to maintain. He continued to follow, entranced by her buttocks swaying seductively in front of his face. 

When they reached the landing, she grasped his member again and led him into her room with a king-size waterbed in the middle, the center of focus. He noticed the expensive comforter and pillows arrayed in rows at the head of the bed. Mirrors lined the walls and ceiling. She led him to the bed and instructed him to lie on his back and move to the center of the bed. She laughed as she pried the shampoo bottle from his grip, "You won't be needing that for a while." she quipped.

"Let's play a game, shall we?" she offered playfully. 

"Ok." he replied meekly. 

"Ok." she purred. "I'm going to suck your cock while you lick my pussy. If I like what you are doing, you will know by how I'm treating your cock. And if I don't..." she paused for effect, "you'll know that too." Without waiting for a response, she climbed onto the bed then straddled his chest facing away from him, pinning his arms to his sides. He was disappointed that her tits weren't going to be in his face but before he could complain, she started backing her butt into his face. Never having been in that exact position, he wasn't sure what he was expected to do, but when she rocked her hips up and exposed her pussy to his mouth he got the idea.

"Ok, now lick mommy." she said in a voice like a mother talking to a small child. Chase timidly stuck out his tongue and made a feather-like touch to the swollen lips in front of him. "There we go." she said approvingly and gently grasped his hard on. Her touch emboldened him, and his penis grew harder having softened with his growing uncertainty. "Lick all around, not in just one spot." she said encouragingly.

Chase struggled to get his arms free, so he could position her better. "Nuh uh. No hands. Mommy uses her hands, you use your tongue." she scolded. "Mommy will put it where she wants it when she's ready. Take long licks front to back like a lollipop." she offered sweetly. Chase complied taking long slow passes over the pink flesh. He tried to reach her clit, but she kept it out of his reach. She cooed her approval and gently rubbed up and down the shaft in her hand.

Soon she was inching backward, her wet folds now within easy reach. "Lick inside sweetie. Mommy wants you to lick inside her sweet cunny." she directed in her soft voice. Eager for her to stroke him harder, he parted the lips with his tongue and started licking the inner lips with zeal. She tightened her grip and Chase moaned into her furrow. "Mommy's little boy likes that, doesn't he?" she asked playfully. He only moaned his agreement, not interrupting the licking motion.

"That feels good, honey. You're a good boy!" she cooed, "Now put your tongue inside the honey pot, back and forth like a snake's tongue. Can you do that?" she asked. "Mm, mm." came the reply. She felt his tongue slide into the slot and praised him. "Good boy. Now go in and out like mommy said." she encouraged. When she felt the hot flesh moving accordingly, she changed her grip on his manhood, licked her thumb and massaged the head. Chase moaned his pleasure and plunged his tongue deeper and faster into her insides.

Carol spit into her hand and applied the lubrication to the shaft, her hand now stroking up and down with a swirling motion. Chase moaned underneath her and struggled to change his position. "Hold on there, mister." she chided, stopping the friction with her hand, "Remember what mommy said." He relaxed and returned to plunging in and out as before. "That's better." she cooed and returned to stroking his throbbing flesh.

"Now put your nose in the cunny and use your tongue on mommy's clit." she directed. "Mommy wants to cum now." Carol scooted back even further until she felt his nose go inside. "Remember to breathe, just turn your head a little and take a breath." she encouraged. Chase's tongue found her clit and started working around it. "That's the spot." she encouraged and took his cock into her mouth. Chase moaned and thrust his nose into her insides and lapped like a thirsty dog drinking a gallon of water. She sucked his member alternating with her hands and licking the pulsing flesh. She felt him expanding inside her mouth and recognized he was about to finish.

She stopped her manipulations and took his balls in her hand, massaging the tender eggs in their almost hairless sack. "Mommy is almost there, but you can't come yet." she directed, "Gently suck on the clit and swirl your tongue around it." Chase responded greedily, anxious to finish and get release. "Not so hard, baby. Be gentle with mommy or you won't get a spanking." she chided. Won't get a spanking? He puzzled over those words, and eased back, alternately sucking and licking the clit. His hard-on painful, he wanted to finish himself but knew she would stop touching him.

A friendly knock came from the door. Carol let the meat slip from her mouth. "Up here, DeeDee!" she called out. "Keep going baby, mommy is almost there." she encouraged. Chase was confused, was someone coming in there while they were having sex? 

Carol's moans grew louder, and she pumped her fist faster up and down the aching flesh. DeeDee burst into the room, "Are you fucking yourself?" she started then trailed off as she saw her friend riding a man's face and stroking his cock. DeeDee just stood there, letting her purse fall to the floor without a thought.

She watched as Carol climaxed, stifling her screams of pleasure. Chase kept up his efforts, hoping and praying silently that she would finish him. Her pussy clenched tight, squeezing his nose out, her orgasmic flow now running down his face. Her body spasming on top of him, writhing on his chest, his cock now neglected. 

DeeDee watched the scene with rapt attention, one hand wandering to her mound and pressing gently. Carol's orgasm lasted what seemed an unusually long time. Her eyes went back and forth from her friend in ecstasy to the flesh pole throbbing unattended near her friend's mouth. DeeDee licked her lips, wondering how he tasted.

Eventually Carol returned from the clouds, "Good boy! Mommy is very proud you! You did a good job." she crowed in character. Then she turned her gaze to DeeDee. "Did you want to play?" she asked her friend while raising an eyebrow. DeeDee mutely nodded her head. "He's been a very good boy, now he needs to get his reward." she said and climbed off Chase's face.

Chase was now able to see the newcomer, standing at the edge of the bed. She was shorter than Carol, with dark wavy permed hair. DeeDee wasn't as pretty as Carol but had a rack to kill for. She was dressed to go out, in a form fitting dress cut low in front showing off her pushed-up breasts and revealing the round little ass in back.

Never taking her eyes off the prize, DeeDee moved to the edge of the bed and climbed on, kneeling like a worshipper to the god of his erection. She approached it tentatively but didn't falter, stopping only when the meat monster was close enough to feel her breath on it. Avoiding eye contact, DeeDee wrapped a manicured hand around the pole feeling it pulsate. Chase moaned softly, "Please." he whispered. Emboldened by his plea, she brought her lips to the beast and kissed the base and worked up to the head. "Oh, god." he whispered.

After kissing her way back down, she licked the head. Chase groaned in response, "God yes. Oh, god." His hard-on now fully erect and rock hard again he pleaded softly, "Finish me, please! It's aching!" DeeDee placed her lips over the end of the shaft, her tongue swirling the fat head. Chase moaned. She took him all inside, feeling the contact in the back of throat, burying her nose in his soft pubic hair. "Yes!" he hissed. After sliding him in and out slowly, she stopped. 

"Fuck this!" she exclaimed. With that she rose up on her knees, lifted her dress and peeled her panties off and tossed them aside. Chase watched in confused agony, not certain what she was going to do but hoping that taking off her panties meant she wanted more.

Straddling his hips, she lifted her dress with one hand and found his aching cock with the other. She slid the head of the beast against her pussy lips, already wet, and slipped it inside. Casting aside her earlier timidity, she thrust down on the pole, spearing her insides. Now it was her turn to groan. "Now that's what I wanted." she said out loud to herself.
