 Author's Note:

The following is a work of fiction. It may or may not contain characters based on persons living or dead and may or not may contain actions completed by these same persons who may or may not have lived.

The world where this story takes place is an alternate reality where sexually transmitted diseases and unwanted pregnancies do not exist (nod to BusyBadger).

This is a continuation of the Ann Marie character.

A hearty thank you and high praise for the editing work and story ideas supplied by fellow author and editor JustKeepRunning. Check out his work! I quite enjoyed it.

==============

Chase opened the door to his apartment. Ann Marie stood in the summer heat outside. She smiled pleasantly in an oversized t-shirt, presumably her favorite boy band silk-screened from top to bottom. They exchanged pleasant greetings. 

Holding a folded towel and cloth bag in front of her, she asked, "Do you still want to go swimming?" 

Chase had to force himself to look her in the eyes. Ann Marie worked with him; she probably wouldn't appreciate him staring at her large boobs. He had invited her to go swimming as a chance to get to know her a little better. He was taking a communications class in college and was working on social interactions as a way to build teamwork. This was not a homework assignment, but he could see that it could help him apply what he was learning. 

"Your timing is perfect. I was just getting ready to go to the pool." he offered genially. "Let me grab a towel and some sunscreen and we can go. Did you want to come in?" 

"Sure. It's hot today." she said, wiping sweat from her brow. She lifted her shoulder blade length dishwater blonde hair from the back of her neck and fanned herself. 

He saw the signs of perspiration on her temples and neck, "Would you like something cold to drink before we go?" 

Her voice full of gratitude, "That would be great!" 

He went to the fridge, "Looks like I need to go to the store. Looks like milk, or, uh, that's gross, hmm, or water. How about some water? Let's see if there are ice cubes, and, uh, yes, we have ice cubes. Ice water okay?" he finally asks. 

"Yes, please!" came the ready reply. 

She removed her stylish but cheap sunglasses. Her clear blue eyes met his gray-blue eyes as he handed her the glass of water. "Thanks!" she said gratefully before drinking the entire glass in one long draw. 

She handed the empty glass back to a surprised Chase. He remarked, "Wow! You must've been thirsty. Do you want some more?" 

"Maybe later. Are you almost ready to go swimming?" she asked good-naturedly. 

He disappeared to get a towel from the bathroom. His step sister Gina walked down the stairs, and found Ann Marie standing by herself near the front door. "Uh, can I help you?" asked Gina suspiciously. 

Ann Marie looked up to see a younger version of herself: a little thinner, hair a little shorter, skin a little tanner, and bra size a little smaller. "No, thanks." Ann Marie went back to thinking about what might happen that afternoon, and ignored the teenager glaring at her. 

Gina went from surprised to mildly irritated. "Okay. What are you doing in my house?" 

"Just waiting for Chase." replied the other woman. 

Recognition crossed Gina's face, "Now that makes sense." Gina sauntered past the woman waiting in a t-shirt and flip flops toward the kitchen, herself clad only in a t-shirt and panties. 

Passing the bathroom, Gina flung the door wide open without knocking. Chase was in the act of peeing, his swim trunks down on his thighs exposing his muscled seat. "Jesus, Gina! Can't you wait?!" he exclaimed with some irritation. "I'll be out in a minute." Gina chuckled to herself, walked into the small room, and spanked his naked ass cheek just as he was starting to pull his shorts up. 

"So, big brother, why is there a naked girl in our living room?" she asked teasingly before he could reprimand her. 

"There isn't a naked woman in our living room." he started with strained patience. "She and I work together, and we are going swimming." 

"Swimming, huh?" she teased, "Oh, right. It's that what you're calling it now? Swimming?" 

He turned around to find her smirking at him. She always seemed to derive great satisfaction from tormenting him. He wondered again what had happened in her life that caused her to act that way. She was an only child, so it could not have been other siblings teasing her. "And put some clothes on. It's the middle of the afternoon. Good thing your mom wasn't here to see you parading around in your panties." 

Gina's smirk would have grown bigger if it wasn't already a big as it could get. Their little game of sexual 'chicken' was getting more interesting. She hadn't met a boy yet that she hadn't gotten anything she wanted from and now she was forced to live with this guy since her mom married his dad. "You know my mom doesn't care if I dress like this. Now your dad might..." she feigned contemplation.

Then in a stage whisper, "Anyway, yes, she is naked. Under that t-shirt, she's buck-naked, not a stitch on. No panties. No bra." she stated conspiratorially. He was about to refute her ridiculous claim when she continued. "Look at her shoulders, there should be straps cutting in. It takes Madonna-duty underwear to support that much fat." she stated while simultaneously hefting her own heavy breasts. "I think I know a little something about this," she said cutting him off. "If a woman with big boobs like that will go without a bra, no panties is a given." 

He couldn't refute her girly-logic. "Maybe she was in a hurry and plans to change in the clubhouse." he offered quickly as he squeezed by her with a towel. 

Gina watched as the pair hurried out the door. Chase's bottle of sunscreen was still on the bathroom sink countertop. 'Swimming. Right. Coworker. Right. He better not bring her back here for sex.' she thought smugly, 'But if he does he'll never be able to live it down.' she thought with a grin. 

Chase and Ann Marie walked to the nearby clubhouse. The leasing office was still open. Somebody would be there until closing time. They were always overly friendly to potential renters but like over protective parents to actual renters, he thought with mild irritation. 

The pool area was deserted. The families with kids had left for the hottest part of the afternoon and adults coming after work hadn't turned out yet. 

Ann Marie stretched out a beach towel, knelt, and started to arrange her seating area. Chase looked quizzically at her then dove into the cooling water, quickly reaching the far side and returning. When she didn't get in the water, he surfaced at the pool's edge near her feet. 

As he rose from the water, he had an unintended but clear view between her thighs. He couldn't be sure, but it seemed like he saw a dark triangle where her bikini would be. He had scoffed at Gina earlier but now he was wondering if she was right. Would Ann Marie have come without a swimsuit? "Coming in?" he asked invitingly, propping his arms on the wet cement of the pool's edge. 

If she had been naked and had noticed that he had noticed, she didn't let on or move her legs to cover herself. She made some excuse about working on her tan but didn't remove the cover up. Her skin shone with sweat and sunscreen. 

"Aren't you hot?" he asked with some concern, seeing the beads of sweat forming on her nose and temples. 

"It is warm today." she replied noncommittally, rubbing more lotion onto her already oiled arm. 

He lowered himself back into the welcome relief of the water and swam a few more laps. Still she sat on the concrete roasting. He surfaced again, this time intending to determine if what he saw was real or not. This time, her feet were slightly apart, the view less obstructed by her legs. The sun was too bright to give him a clear view of her bikini region. He couldn't tell if she was or was not wearing any bottoms. 

"Hey, do you want to play some pool?" he offered, having given up on getting her into the water. "It's way cooler in the clubhouse than out here." 

"Sure." she replied, relief in her voice. 

He launched himself out of the water and quickly dried himself, wrapping the damp towel around his trunks. She crouched next to the beach towel and started packing her bag. Her sweat had caused the t-shirt to cling to the skin on her back. He noticed it was completely smooth. There was no evidence of a halter or bikini top and no binding of a waist band from any bottoms either. Now he was beginning to think Gina was right. 

Inside the air-conditioned clubhouse, he led her to the billiards room. She deposited her bag on a chair and surveyed the room. He left and quickly returned with a couple of paper cups of cold water. He handed her a tiny cup which she quickly drained. Swapping cups, she drained the other just as quickly. 

He returned with more water. "Did you want to change or anything?" he asked considerately. 

"No. Thanks. I don't really have anything else to wear." she replied. 

He was not sure how to respond so he changed the subject. "Do you like to play pool much?" he asked. 

"Not much." she replied, "At school they always warned that was the way to get knocked up." 

"Wow!" Chase exclaimed, "Where did you go to school? A nunnery?" 

"Not a nunnery, but I did go to a Catholic school taught by nuns." she explained. 

"All girls?" he asked curiously. 

"Yes, of course. The boys' school is across town." she explained as if to a child. 

"I thought that only happened in movies." he said quietly. 

He briefly explained the game, mainly covering taking of turns, scratch, solids vs stripes, and winning the game. He helped her select a cue from the rack of abused and warped tree limbs that passed as pool cues in a club house. 

Racking the balls, he asked if she wanted to break. She said brightly "Sure!" He chuckled at her enthusiasm. He showed her how to line up the shot and provided tips on how much force to apply to the cue. After a couple of missed attempts, he offered to help. He advised her that meant he would be standing behind her and wrapping his arms around her. She was unfazed by his statement and waited for him to help. 

"Okay. First, line up the shot." he instructed. She stood at the edge of the table and pointed the cue toward the tight triangle of balls. "Now plant your left hand to support the cue in line with your shot." When she awkwardly placed her hand too close to the cushion, he gently took her hand and placed it closer to the center of the table. Then reaching around her, he placed his right hand on the cue behind hers. Trying not to crowd her, he kept some distance between them. 

"Now," he began, close to her ear, "test your stroke. Will you reach the cue ball at the end? Is there enough travel to apply proper force to the ball?" He gently pushed the stick forward until it touched the ball, then back about a foot. "That should work right there." She bent at the waist, pressing her thinly covered buns in to contact with his own personal cue stick. With a quick motion, the cue tapped the white ball and sent it to collide with the cluster. A sharp smack rang around the room. "Excellent!" he said as he released her and stood back. He moved quickly to the side of the table to hide his erection. It didn't help much as his waist was taller than the table. 

She was pleased. She loved being praised by him. "Now what?" she asked eagerly. 

"Well, you didn't sink any balls, so it's my turn." he replied. 

He quickly surveyed the table, chose solids, and found an easy shot. Still in teacher mode, he talked her through the shot, only speaking to two points of pool. He dreaded the 'firehose' approach to teaching, preferring to trickle a few points slowly than to dump the entire theory of pool on someone in 30 seconds or less. 

"Here, why don't you take the next shot for me? The three ball in the corner pocket." he offered. She came to where he was standing, set her hand on the felt, and lined up the shot. 

"Like this?" she asked. Chase walked around the table in front of her and suggested she move a little more to the right. She moved and overcorrected. He suggested she move a little to the left. Again, she moved and overcorrected. Hoping to avoid frustrating her, he asked if he could guide her again. She quickly agreed and waited where she was for him. 

Carefully wrapping himself around her again, he positioned her left hand first to support the cue, then helped align the angle and stroke length with the right hand. He was so intently focused on the shot he didn't realize he was breathing hotly on her shoulder. Before he could tell her the shot was ready, she bent more at the waist, pressing herself firmly into his groin. As she stroked the cue forward she tensed her muscles. Her tensing clenched her cheeks against the wood standing behind her. 

He had to stifle a groan. Was she deliberately teasing him? Was she really naked under that flimsy t-shirt? He was so distracted that he didn't notice the trajectory of the cue ball until the soft crack of impact told him something was happening. When the three ball sunk into the corner pocket, she squealed and jumped around until she was facing him. "I did it!" she crowed triumphantly. 

"Yes, you did." he agreed. 

Throwing her arms around his neck, she mashed her lips against her surprised teacher's. He stood in shock. He had taught dozens of people all kinds of things, but no one had ever reacted this way. "Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!" she squealed and gave his limp form another hug, her chest pressing against him. 

"Always glad to help." he replied automatically. 

Quickly turning around to face the table, she asked excitedly, "What next?" She scanned the table for potential shots. He started to untangle himself from the excited girl when she grabbed his wrists with each hand, holding him around her. "Nuh-uh, you have to show me," she demanded. He found a shot they could make with minimal adjustment; it wasn't his ball but at this point he didn't think it mattered. 

Moving together, he guided them to another shot, where the cue ball was a little further from the edge. "Here we go. Thirteen in the corner pocket." he said into the ear pressed close to his mouth. 

She concentrated, taking subtle cues from his hands on the pool cue. Bending at the waist to reach further over the table, he was forced to put some of his weight on her to be able to keep both hands supporting the cue. He felt his stiffness pressing into the seam between her rear cheeks. She tested the stroke length of the cue repeatedly, probably many times more than was necessary. The arm movements caused smaller motions in her core which gave direct stimulation to the cloth-covered wood pressing into her buns. If she was bothered by it, she didn't let on.

The crisp smack of billiard balls impacting echoed around the room, followed by the muted impact of a ball into a pocket. She expressed her joy noisily as she did a little dance inside the arms of her instructor. "This is fun! More, more, more!" she exclaimed excitedly.

He patiently guided each shot as they deliberately cleared the table one ball at a time. He relished the physical contact with his nearly naked coworker, but felt like he couldn't ask for more. He would be willing to beg for an end to the exquisite teasing/torture his engorged cock was enduring didn't actually do it.

When the last ball sank into the side pocket, he released a breath he didn't realize he was holding. "Do you have time for another game?" he asked, fearing either a yes or a no answer. A 'yes' could mean more teasing but possibly a satisfying finish. A 'no' would mean it was all over now, possibly never to be repeated.

"Okay!" she replied gamely, "What shall we play for?" 

"You've played one game. Now you want to make bets?" he asked quizzically. 

"Unless you're afraid to lose to a girl, I don't see that you've got much to lose." she said challenging. 

'Was she looking at my shorts?' he wondered. "Okay, big talker. Let's say when I win, you trade me shifts on Saturday. I don't have classes and you can close for me," he offered. 

"Okay. And when I win, you have to give me something of yours. Nothing expensive and you could earn it back." she says cryptically. When he didn't respond immediately, she goaded him, "Is poor Chase afraid a girl is going to beat him at something?"

He could tell she was trying to push him to accept her challenge but was suspicious about the terms. "Women can play pool too. I would be okay losing to a woman who was better at playing than me, but you just learned how to play. Why would you want to make a bet?" he asked honestly. 

"Let's just say I'm a very competitive person. Now put up or shut up!" she said challengingly.

"Fine." he said with resignation, "You can break." A wicked grin crossed her face that she tried to hide from him. Purposely, she walked directly to the ball return. She placed the rack precisely on the table and filled the triangle quickly and perfectly, finally placing the yellow one ball in the exact center of the location dot on the felt. He watched with a growing unease. Was she a quick study or was he being hustled?

She walked haughtily to the opposite end of the table. She placed the cue ball exactly on the dot in the felt. She stretched languidly across the table almost cat-like. The hem of her t-shirt lifted to the curve of her cheeks, the naked half-moons peeked from underneath teasingly. With a single stroke, her cue made sure contact with the yellow one ball and the cluster of balls exploded from the impact. Several soft thuds reported that multiple balls had found pockets. he knew in that moment that he'd been had. 

Like the experienced player that she was, she called off the next shot clearly and specifically, "Nine ball - right side pocket." A soft thump was followed by a crisp smack that ended with a muted thud as the yellow striped ball found the right-side pocket then rolled down the ball return. 

She stood behind him. With her left hand, she held the cue vertically in front of his chest. With her right hand, she applied a generous amount of chalk to the felt tip. "Blow, please." she directed. He puffed away the excess powder. "Nice job!" she said like one would praise a child and patted his ass.

She walked around him, stood facing the table, bent at the waist, and then rubbed her ass on his groin. The t-shirt slowly rode up, and threatened to expose the white flesh underneath. She continued twerking until she tensed and fired another perfectly executed shot and another ball dropped from the table. "Hmm." she purred. 

For the next shot, she lined up facing him across the table. She unnecessarily adjusted and fondled her breasts while bending over the table, ostensibly preparing for the shot. He watched miserably; he was fully aware that she was just toying with him. Once satisfied that her victim was sufficiently aroused, she effortlessly snapped the cue against the white ball. The chain reaction occurred mechanically like a clock and the red striped ball fell softly into the pocket. 

She danced jauntily, teasing the crestfallen he. She shook her bosom and spun away to the next shot. She called the ball and pocket then executed the shot behind her back, just to show off. 

Humming loudly, she appeared to not have a care in the world. She unhurriedly set up the next shot. Turning away from the table, she looked him directly in the eye while her hand crisply propelled the cue against the cue ball. She didn't even turn to look until she heard the ball drop into the pocket. 

A smirk spread broadly across her face. "Hmm, what do you have that I might want?" she wondered out loud then looked pointedly at his shorts. 

"Come stand by the table." she directed. When he didn't move, she gently pushed him toward the table. "You can do it. I won't bite - much." she snickered. 
