 Exige

Ahh, listen to that purr! The light is red, RPMs near the red. The night is balmy; streetlights bounce off the deep blue curves of the Lotus Exige. Tired of stealing SUVs and shit--this car has soul.

People stare. This car was designed around the fusion of speed and sexy. And right now I'm the king behind the wheel.

Little gangbanger wanna get it on? Sucks to be you--you're on! Green light. Ease through the first five miles-per-hour while the lil puke fishtails. Punching it sends the message to the supercharged 220-horse to unleash. The Lotus leaps forward, riding the traction threshold. Breathe. Shift. Out. Tick, tick, shift. Four seconds to sixty hasn't felt this good since racing school. Eat shit, gangbanger motherfucker! Cya!

Other cars are colored blocks of garbage--obstacles to give me a good time. Brake. Control the slide. Turn. Recover. 

"Woo!" This car loves her new master--whoa, Kate! The Lotus throws me against the restraints as I decelerate and sweep against curbside.

"Hey, Kate!" I yell over the street noise as I roll down the passenger window. "Kate!" She sees the car before she sees me and steps toward the curb.

"Derrick? Nice car!" She leans in and looks at the sports-trimmed interior before focusing on me with a funny expression. If I were forced to be picky, I'd say she's a little short for my tastes, but 100% spunk. Lively, sassy eyes, a cute little nose over full lips, long brunette fluff held in check by a brightly colored hair clip. And, a tight body built for speed fucking. We've teased, played around before, but nothing close enough to spark anything but longing. "Only been a year since we graduated," she laughs in delight at my ride, at my boyish grin and flexed arms. "What have you been doing to earn this kind of life?"

"It's borrowed," I cock an eyebrow at her, inviting her to dare me. "Care to feel how she moves?"

She only needs one quick glance back to her girlfriends to make up her mind--the same boring Friday night out with her buds, or a spin in this. There really is no choice. She gets in, short skirt showing her own lithe curves. I wait for her to caress the trim, to adjust to the idea that she's sitting in a car as hot as she is before revving the engine and pulling back into the street. She waves goodbye to her girlfriends with an energetic whoop as I crawl up to the speed limit.

Always start them off slow for the first few seconds. "Hang on," I warn her the instant before I accelerate through a turn and around a rolling impediment.

"Yes! That kicks ass, Derrick." She says this even as she's braced hard against the seat, but she never even thinks about putting the seat belt on. She is so my type: thrill junkie to the core. "So, now you have me curious." She has to raise her voice against the combined wind and road noise, so I settle down into cruise speed and run up the windows.

"Ask away--no way can I refuse a beauty, as you can see." I motion to her but end up indicating the car, much to her amusement. She has a considering look when she continues.

"Been too long since I've seen you--what you been up to?"

"This and that," I smile at my evasiveness, but know she wants more. "Actually, I collect cars for my cousin when not going to the U."

"And you 'collected' this sweet Lotus?" Had I been a lesser driver, I'd have wrecked from my shock.

"Okay, now I'm impressed! How'd you know it was a Lotus?"

"The logo, silly." She reaches over to tap the steering wheel, and had she not had that special glow, I'd have felt the fool. "I see you still hit the weights." She gives my biceps a squeeze, and I flex them--impossible not to when they receive this kind of attention.

"And I see you are still a sexy bundle of energy." No way was I going to let this stay one-sided. We had ran track together. Saturdays laying out on the midfield in between events were as memorable as the parties, in their own special way.

"Dancing as wildly as I do has its strengths." She deflects nicely, but it's not that easy.

"Only dancing, eh?" I load that with teasing doubt, and though she slaps my arm, she keeps her hand on me. I'm going to get a taste of her sweet body. I twitch in my blue jeans.

Life always tries to fuck with you--see what kind of stuff you're made out of. Case in point: the cop car pulling onto the road behind me and hitting his lights. Too early for them to have a clue, speed is fine--no way am I running with her here. Why there's always a Plan B.

"Uh oh." She says when she sees the swirl of red and blue, removing her hand. Mr. Cop sits for a while, running the dealer plates I attached. I reach over to the glove box.

"Excuse the reach," I wink, removing the insurance card and my license. "Don't sweat it, Kate; there's nothing he can get me on. We'll forget about him soon enough." I roll down my window, showing my hands and the documentation, which almost always speeds them up. 

"Evenin', Officer. How can I help you?" I ask in a pleasant tone. Older piggy--probably jealous as hell--takes the insurance and license before peering at us in silence.

"Mr. Dane," he reads, "everything okay in here?" I look up in confusion to see he's looking at Kate. Oh! Chivalrous fucker—glad I didn't have to embarrass him. "Ma'am, everything okay?"

"Who me?" She's as baffled as I was a moment ago. Harassing cops deserve to be beat, but those who make sure women are okay get a pass, in my book. Never hurts to be sure.

"He's making sure you're safe, Kate," I explain.

"Oh! Of course, Officer."

"You will be safer and legal," he stresses the word, "with your seatbelt on."

"Ohmygod, sorry, Officer. Sorry." The cute, apologetic smile she flashes him as she reaches to put on her belt would get us out of any ticket.

"Nice car, Mr. Dane," he comments, handing back my paperwork.

"Thanks, Officer," I reply graciously, meaning "thank you for the leniency." "My uncle owns the dealership."

"Lucky you." He almost grins. "Well, keep it legal and have a good night."

"Yes, sir. We will."

"Very smooth," Kate comments as I roll the window back up and replace my insurance card in the glove box. "But you're a liar."

"Oh?" I arch an eyebrow at her, and her eyes sparkle.

"Said you worked for your cousin, and you told the cop it was your uncle."

"The dealership's his father's, which makes that my uncle, in case you slept through school." The playful slap was back, but she looked disappointed. "You seem let down."

She shrugged slightly. "I guess I expected a spicier story behind such an incredible car." Hmm, should I? I considered her for a few seconds before putting the Lotus in gear and pulling back out into traffic.

"So, maybe I'm just a good liar." I laugh at her gasp of mock offense. "If you're good, maybe I'll share a secret with you about this work of art."

After a moment: "How about if I let you fuck me on this beauty?" She sets her hand on my thigh. And there it is--booya!

"For that dream-come-true, I'd definitely tell you. Just tell me when and where."

"How about the first place we won't be arrested?" I just knew this night would be good!

"You, dearest Kate, are my type of girl. A real shame we didn't know this earlier."

"As I recall, you were pounding my friend, and I don't do that to friends."

"Another thing I admire. You gotta stop there, or I'll fall for you." She rubs my leg faintly.

"You may be in trouble, then," she smirks. She squeals in delight as I pull us through a sideways gee and into a shadowed parking lot. She moves her hand upward to my bulge.

"No chance I can wait any longer."

"So I see." She squeezes me before getting out of the car. I meet her around the hood and crush her to me. Her kiss is frenzied as she kneads my back; her hands drop to my ass, pulling my bulge harder against her.

"God damn," I pant, pulling away for air, "you're a she-devil." Her hands fly to my crotch, and I spring free in less time than it takes the Lotus to get to sixty. She gives me a knowing grin as she pushes me back on the car and engulfs me. It's not my paintjob.

After a momentary battle with her gag reflex, she reaches my pubes, and I swell as I feel moisture and heat near my balls. She pulls off with a gasp of breath and a happy expression before blowing cool night air on my twitching cock.

"You're so fucking hard," she praises me as she bunches up her skirt, showing light satin panties.

"Consider it a compliment to you," I counter, nearly out of breath. She turns, bending slightly and caressing her glowing white ass before moving the panties aside. The tan pucker and shiny, smooth lips greet me. All-American pussy of the highest quality.

I slide down the hood to align us as she grabs me, backing onto my powerfully swollen hard-on. I feel her heat, and she squeezes me tightly as she slips down onto me. 

"Ugh," she grunts holding herself to me. "Love the way you fill me." Widening her stance, she rolls herself in small circles, and my tip knocks against her insides. She bucks, slides up and down a few times before exclaiming, "Fuck! I can't get the power I need." She comes up off me, panting with need, and pulls me up. "Pound me from behind."

She sticks her pert ass up at the fluorescent-lit night, and I see the gloss at the very top of her inner thighs. Moving her panties aside again, I enjoy the view as her pliant flesh swallows me.

"Derrick, goddamnit, fuck me hard!" Gripping her slim waist, I quickly ramp up to a hard yet rapid rhythm. She pushes back at me, growling encouragement, and I savor the compression of her muscles on me. The light's just good enough for me to see her anus pulse as she squeezes me, grunting with her efforts to find bliss. Just thinking about easing into the tight pucker sends me dangerously close.

The speed and effort take their toll, and she drops her head to the hood. Thinking she may collapse, I snake a supporting arm under her before resuming the hard strokes. She drops a hand back to massage us, to play with her clit, moaning at me with abandon. Her "ah's" ramp up, bouncing off the building wall.

"Hold in me," she pants. "Coming!" Her insides flutter as I bury in her and hold. Her hand knocks against my forearm, furiously. This minx is frigging herself through an explosion. Throwing her head back, hair flying, she nearly screams in time with her tremors. I stay one breath away from coming as she collapses; slipping out of her, I lower her gently until her knees touch the front of the hood.

"Awesome," she comments after that second's rest, kissing the Lotus before turning around to kneel before my glistening erection. Taking the head in her mouth, she quickly yanks my base. As her tongue swipes the underside of my head, I lose it. Gripping her free hand against my thigh, I arch and pulse cum into her sucking mouth.

"Mmm," she moans, pulling off me with an audible smack, "what a treat! Now, let's drive until I get hot again." 

"Look forward to it." With a shared smile of pleasure, we readjust our clothes and climb back into the sports car. I crack the windows to disperse the sex smells, and she laughs, leaning over to tongue my earlobe as I bring the Lotus back to life with a roar. 

Distracted as I am, I almost miss the darkened police car creeping up the road. Now is not the time to play nice. The cop lights up as I jump onto the street, but I already have the momentum advantage as I slide around him, forcing him to brake and spin around.

Kate squeals as I jerk away from the pursuer and one glance assures me she matches my excitement. I think I love this girl.

"Some asswipe-not-minding-his-own-business must have called them. Time to focus." The engine screams before I yank into a turn and shift. 

40 MPH.

Shift. Good riddance, speed limit.

55, 65. 

Brake hard. Wait for it... Downshift. Turn. Accelerate. Brake. Turn. Thank god for good tires.

"The cop had no chance," I grin to see her breathless and flush. "Almost as good as a fuck, isn't it?" She nods, watching everything at once. "In the glove compartment, you'll find several garage door openers." Let's see... the Nob Hill to SOMA jump will give me enough time, but Pac is safer for her. "Get out the one with a '4' on it. In eight blocks, we'll drop out of sight."

She is already fishing out the small devices and holding them up to see the numbers. "What then?" she asks as she finds the right one as replaces the others. I cut the lights and slow enough to cause no noise, not answering as I scan for signs of pursuit or someone watching.

"Punch it now." I instruct as I turn into the safe house. "We'll get you away from me, make sure I'm clear, then get to a safe area." I lurch to a stop, kill the engine, and turn to her. "Still want to know my secrets?"

"Hell yeah!" She makes me smile with pleasure at her attitude. I do believe we'll be at it again in the near future.

"As you've guessed, this car is hot. I've had considerable driving training--far more than Average Joe Copper."

"So tell me something I don't know."

"You're incredibly beautiful when you're excited." She presses against me, biting my neck playfully before drawing me into a passionate kiss.

"Glad you think so."

"Don't have much time before I have to get this work of art to a safe place. Perhaps if I get your number we can talk more later?" She drags up her small purse from the floorboard and digs through it, handing me a card. "Secretary, eh?"

"For now," she answers, getting out when I do. "If you don't call me, I'm gonna be pissed."

I laugh. "Kate, only way I'd not call you is if you told me you hated me and never wanted to hear from me again. Wish we had more time tonight..."

"I understand, really. You'll just make it up to me later. So, what happens to her?" She drags her hand along the spoiler as she walks to me.

"She'll go to a new owner far away--one willing to pay forty or fifty grand. Now to get you home, I'll--"

"Don't worry about it--I'll call my friend to come get me."

"Ah, cool. Do me a favor of walking a few blocks before calling, so--"

"Hold on," she interrupts. I wonder what she's doing until she slips off her wet panties and hands them to me. "For luck." Then she kisses me for that last brief moment of heaven before turning. I will never forget the look of her ass moving away in that short denim skirt, knowing her smooth pussy is bare.

I open my mobile and hit speed dial.

On the third ring: "Yo."

"Hey, Coz, it's sunny."

"Excellent."

"Need a report from number four."

"As good as done." We stay in contact as he leads me in, away from the patrol reports. Her panties are good luck; even if the cops weren't busy with more important matters than a PDA runner, they'd have guided me home.

"You dumb fuck!" He shouts into my shit-eating grin as I get out of the Lotus. "No way can we off-load a unique car like this."

"It's a Lotus, Coz--a work of art." You ignoramus.

"I don't give a fuck what brand it is." He kicks the tire in frustration. "They are all the 'Get-Fucked' brand as far as I'm concerned." Funny--now that you mention it, I did get fucked on it. But I sigh and proceed in a calming, rational voice.

"Cars disappear all the time to wealthy Mexicans; this one is no exception."

"Bullshit! Not with this price tag; they'll trace it."

"Umm, Coz? This car costs sixty grand, loaded."

"Bullshit." But the wind is out of his psycho-righteous sail.

"Gone are the days you have to spend a hundred and fifty grand for a great ride."

"Hmm."

"Try it," I urge.

He growls and turns his back on me. "I'll think about it." He storms off, but I know that means he will and will like it. Eventually.

"Another thing," he pokes his head back around the corner. "Don't fuck with my business again. I don't pay you to give me ulcers." I really gotta take him with me next time. I almost laugh; no doubt in my mind there will be a repeat. Maybe next time, I'll scale up.

Can't ever slow down, can I?

End (for now)

© Copyright 2007 by Kev Henley. All Rights Reserved. Please do not copy or share this work without my written permission. Respect creative ownership.

Author's note: Thank you, CopyCarver, for the editing. I plan to follow Derrick through a few episodes (currently in rough outline form) if I get the time and interest. If you enjoyed this little experiment, you will hopefully love my published novella, COB, on sale now at eXcessica (and soon at Fictionwise). Also, look for my SciFi/stealth romance novel, Sperm Count, coming soon to eXcessica and Fictionwise.