 This is part one, so there is quite a bit of set up. It's a slow burn, but the next chapters should heat up nicely.

*****

The sun was low on the horizon as the yoga class finished. The small resort hotel had a dedicated yoga studio, a small house really, with one wall completely open and overlooking the nearby ocean. Tall palm trees framed the view, turning dark and gold in the setting sun. Behind the studio, unseen, rose the steep and jungle covered hills of Bali.

John had made the terrible mistake of taking a yoga class, a decision he cursed himself for as he held painful pose after painful pose. His joints creaked and his muscles screamed, sweat pouring down his face. His only consolation was that, as the only man in a class filled with women, he had plenty of eye candy to distract him.

They were all around him, middle aged women in tight outfits, bending and stretching, moving from pose to pose as the yoga coach lead them through the routine. John had no choice but to stare at the teacher as he tried to mimic her moves. She stood at the head of the room, a tall and thin red-head, calmly and gently guiding her sweaty flock. Her hair was flaming red, fire-engine red, nothing natural about it. Her sharp features were accented by a pair of blue rimmed rectangular glasses that matched her blue eyes. She was dressed in a tight tank top that hugged her small high breasts and a knee-length pair of yoga pants, revealing to John a pair of distractingly tight little buns. 

A thin little smile was on Marie's lips as she watched John struggle through his poses. This class was meant to be for the women in a weekend seminar, but the hotel had insisted that the class be open to any guest in return for the use of the yoga studio. She knew all the women in the class, gently guiding them as she walked around the room, calling them out by name with words of encouragements. And there was this man, middle aged, greying at the temple, dressed in shorts and t-shirt, covered in sweat, grimacing with pain. It was almost adorable.

Finally the class ended. Marie reminded the assembled women to check their schedules for the other scheduled event for their seminar. John simply collapsed, his body on fire. The women gathered their stuff, talking excitedly with each other about the other classes they wanted to take. They all left, leaving John on his back in the middle of the room.

He laid there for a while, contemplating the ceiling, letting his body slowly return to normal. The room around him grew dark as the sun touched the sea. He turned his head to watch. The view was spectacular, yet profoundly calming. He felt oddly present, which was a change from the last several months of his life.

"Are you going to be ok?" Came a voice from the dark.

John turned his head. Marie was standing there, sipping at a water bottle , watching him or the sunset, he couldn't tell.

"Yes. Just getting my breath back. And the sunset is pretty amazing. I guess I'm not really motivated to move," he replied, chuckling. "do I need to leave? Are you locking up?"

"Nope. Not my job." She replied. "Ever do yoga before?"

"No. That was my first time," he said, craning his head so that he could see her while remaining on his back.

"You did pretty good then, I'm impressed." Said Marie.

"I do other stuff, but it's been a while. Your class really kicked my ass." John said as he pushed himself up, sitting cross legged. 

He moved his head around, loosening his neck. Marie noticed that he was sitting in a full meditation cross legged sit, with his knees on the ground. That required some serious training. He was not some accountant on vacation, she thought to herself. She was immediately intrigued. He looked rather normal, handsome maybe, with wavy brown hair turning slightly grey, his body solid rather than buffed or toned. Sitting there, outlined by the setting sun, he looked grounded. Marie had the sudden urge to sit next to him, to share this sunset.

Marie turned away. "Nope, nope, nope," she thought to herself, "noping out of here before I do something stupid." 

"Enjoy the sunset," she called out before turning and leaving.

"See you..." said John, letting his voice trail off as he watched her step through the door and out of view. Had he missed a chance? He had lost the habit of talking to pretty women, lost the ear for hints. "Oh well,..." he thought, before getting up as well and heading for his room and a nice warm shower.

The following morning John rented out a moped from the front desk. It was time to hit the beach, he had thought as he woke that morning, the sun streaming through the gauze curtain.

While he was standing in the lobby, waiting for the moped to be brought to the front, he noticed Marie sitting in a chair by herself, reading a book.

After hesitating for a moment, he called out to her.

"Hello. Not teaching today?" He asked.

Marie looked up from her book. She was pleasantly surprised to see John standing there.

"No, there's a day trip planned for everyone. I thought I'd skip it and catch up on some reading," she replied, motioning to her book. 

"Well, I'm planning on going down to the beach and read mine," he said, pulling a book from his satchel. "They have hammocks for rent there, apparently."

"Nice," said Marie.

There was a brief pause. John heard himself blurt out a question before his brain had fully understood what was happening.

"So, would you like to come with me to the beach? I can give you a ride." He heard himself say.

"Do you have a car?" Asked Marie. Hammocks on the beach sounded perfect.

"Well, I rented a vespa..." Said John.

Marie laughed. "Okay, let me quickly change then. But just to be clear, this is not a date. I need to read my book, so I will be ignoring you for a couple hours. Don't expect any chit-chat from me. If that's what you want, feel free to go ahead without me." 

John threw up his hands in mock surrender.

"I will not say a word to you, promise. I want to read my book as well, so we can can both sit quietly in our hammocks." He replied.

"Okay. I'll be right back" said Marie as she got up and ran to her room.

By the time she got back John was sitting on a vespa outside the lobby. Marie trotted over to him, dressed in cut-off jeans shorts and a flowery blouse, a small bag slung over her shoulders. The straps of a bikini were crossed over her neck.

Without hesitation, she threw a long leg over the back of the vespa and sat on the long seat, her body pressed against John's back. 

"Hang on!" He called out, and gave the little scooter gas.

The little machine let out a metallic fart and with a wheezing effort launched itself down the street. Marie wrapped her arms around John's waist, holding on as the machine wobbled and shook as it picked up speed. She couldn't help but get a scent of his skin, musky but clean, male, matching the solid warmth of his back. John felt a warm tremor shake him. It was such a comforting feel to have this simple hug.

John guided the little scooter down the meandering street lined with palm trees as it made its way down the hill towards the small beach. A few minutes later they were there, a small and perfect beach straight out of a postcard, with rocky cliffs on either side of a crescent of pure white sand. The water was electric blue, a few waves chopping up the water with their white crests.

A few merchants were sitting under the shade of the palm trees, just some locals catering to the tourists. They sold sodas and snacks, or some local food specialties grilled right there on portable stoves. One local had strung some hammocks between the trees and rented them out. For a few dollars Marie and John had a hammock each and were soon swaying gently in the cool shade, reading contentedly.

Eventually John dropped this book on his lap. He looked up at the trees swaying above him, the blue sky beyond...He felt content, relaxed, almost sleepy. But the sea whispered to him, cool and vast, a different calm from the cozy cocoon of his hammock.

He glanced over at Marie. All he could see of her was her feet, sticking up at the other end of her hammock. Her toenails were painted black, he noticed. She could be asleep for all he knew. He decided to remain quiet as he got out of his hammock and stood up. He pulled off his shirt and kicked off his sandals, leaving them in a neat pile under his hammock. With a final glance towards Marie's hammock, he headed towards the beach and the waiting sea.

He dove in the warm water, splashing about until he was past the cresting waves. He floated on his back, carried by the salty water, rocked gently by the waves. He looked up at the sky, taking in the vast emptiness held up by a few clouds. It felt good to finally let go of the tension he had been carrying for the last few months, release it into the water and the sky. There was nothing to do in this moment other than be carried and to be breathe.

There was movement at his side, which startled him. The first thought was of course, shark! He spluttered and flailed, attempting to walk on water and head for the hills. But he quickly recognized the bright red hair and the laughing face just a few feet away.

"I'm sorry! I didn't mean to scare you!" She cried out, laughing.

John clutched theatrically at his chest, gasping.

"I was so fucking relaxed I didn't see you coming!" He said, laughing.

"I saw you head for the water. I thought it was a good idea," she finally said, smiling.

"I didn't want to disturb you," he replied.

"Nah, this is fucking perfect," she said, laying back until she was floating serenely.

John couldn't help but glance across her body as it emerged from the water. A bright yellow bikini covered her small breasts, but left the sleek expanse of her belly free. John followed the curves of her hip bones across her thighs, across the bikini covered mound of her pubis. He thought he could see the shape of a pillow of curls under the fabric, but the waves kept covering and uncovering her.

John finally leaned back as well, letting the water take his weight.

"I just wish this was a nude beach," he said, cheekily.

"Yeah?" said Marie, not turning her head, "you're going to let it all hang out?"

"I wish. I don't want to end up in jail. I'm too pretty to go to jail," he said, smiling.

Marie sputtered with laughter.

"Thank you for laughing at me and my future demise," he said sarcastically.

"I was laughing at your joke!" She exclaimed defensively.

"Yeah, yeah, yeah, sure. You owe me a beer now."

"Oh really?" She said, amused by his cheek.

"To soothe over my hurt feelings," he said, smiling as he looked up at the blue sky.

"Okay then, if you're that delicate!" She replied.

He just continued to smile and chuckle to himself, looking up at the sky. Marie smiled and joined him in gazing upwards, the two of them rocked by the gentle waves, floating, content. 

The ride up the hill was slower as the little vespa struggled to carry them both. Neither one of them seemed to care, both sporting little secret smiles hidden from one another. 

At the resort lobby Marie dismounted the scooter, resting her hand on John's shoulders. She kept a hand there as she spoke.

"There's a party at a local bar for all the people in the seminar. I have to be there, but it should be fun. If you wan to join us I can buy you that beer you claim I owe you."

"That sounds fantastic," replied John smiling.

"Okay, bye then," said Marie, giving his shoulder a last squeeze before walking away.

John stood there, watching her, taking a mental snapshot of her long silhouette as she walked through the sun dappled lobby. He smiled before easing the vespa forward towards the rental cabin.

The evening came quickly. Having no other form of transportation, John rented a vespa again and headed into the small town at the base of the hill.

It was a mix of shabby and modern, of rotting colonial grandeur and concrete brutalism. But the locals had covered every inch with colorful paintings and signs, hung strings of lights across narrow streets, giving the town a festive air. Bars and restaurants spilled out into the streets, filling the air with laughter and smells. The town was small enough that the majority of people there were locals, untouched yet by the growing hotel industry. The small resort John and Marie were staying in was the first to open in the region.

John made his way carefully through the happy crowd until he found the bar. He parked his vespa and headed in.

The place was barely more than a concrete box, with a bar at the far end. Plastic chairs were scattered around, leaving room for a dance floor. A DJ had set himself up behind a folding table, blasting tunes from a set of large speakers. But the crowd was friendly and colorful, and the atmosphere laid back and easy.

Marie spotted John first. He was standing at the entrance, scanning the crowd, dressed in linen pants and a soft yellow shirt. Marie smiled when she saw him and waved him over. John waved back and made his way towards her.

The women gathered around Marie gave each other knowing smiles, but Marie dismissed them, telling them they had just met and were just being friendly.

"You made it!" She exclaimed as he drew near.

"Of course!" He turned to the assembled women who were looking him up and down, obviously trying to assess whether this person was good enough for Marie.

"She owes me a beer," he said a tad sheepishly.

"Come on, let's hit the bar," said Marie, grabbing John's hand and leading him though the crowd.

John let himself be led, grinning. He felt surprisingly giddy at the feeling of her hand in his, his heart thumping in his chest. This felt like a schoolboy crush, that tingling of the skin that forces a smile out of you. He barely knew her, but as he watched her walk ahead of him, dressed in a flowing summer dress that left her shoulders bare, and left no doubt that she was wearing no bra under it, he felt an excitement he hadn't felt in a very long time. There was a quality to her, a brashness that strangely he found comforting. Maybe an honesty he wanted to express in himself as well. And an undeniable attraction.

Marie ordered two beers, which she paid for despite John's offer to get the first round. They clinked bottles and downed them.

"Do you dance?" She asked.

"I love dancing!" He replied with a broad grin, his eyes twinkling with joy.

Marie smiled, butterflies fluttering in her stomach. "Shit", she thought to herself as she watched the laugh lines in his face. "Why does he have to be so adorable?" He was cute, there was no denying it, all her friends had agreed. And he had been respectful, and he liked to read, and, and, and...and there was a spark she couldn't deny. 

She took his hand again, welcoming his warmth, the strength she felt under her fingers. She pulled him to the dance floor and started moving to the beat of Balinese pop. It was silly and fun, and the two of them danced and shook their booties to it, making silly faces at each other as they moved.

There were more beers, and even a shot of some un-named liquor. That might have been a mistake, though another beer chased that down. The night wore on, the dance floor hot and humid. By the end of the night most of the ladies in the seminar had left, leaving Marie and John to the dance floor.

John had let his hand rest on Marie's hip, and it had stayed there for a while, the two moving in sync. They were both covered in sweat by now, John's shirt plastered against his chest. Marie's dress had become a second skin, her breasts clearly outlined, the curves of her hips revealed. John's eyes kept drifting back to the sharp points of her small nipples as they clearly pushed against the fabric.

John pulled Marie to him, and the dance became slower, their hips grinding against one another. John slipped his leg between hers, bringing her hips even closer. Their faces where close now, almost nose to nose, breathing each other's air. They were staring in each other's eyes as their bodies came together. Marie stepped in close, her legs sliding along his until she felt his thigh press against her pubis. She moved closer still, belly to belly, until her breasts were crushed against his chest. She looked up at him, breathing hard. His hand was on her hip, the other on her shoulder, pulling her close.

Marie rolled her hips, torturing herself by bringing pressure on her clit by pressing into his thigh. She didn't care if he knew, part of her wanted him to know, as she breathed out her pleasure. He watched her eyes cloud with lust. He knew, he felt the soft pressure, the heat against his leg. He felt his cock grow thick.

Finally they kissed, slowly, still moving to the beat of the music. John leaned forward and brought his lips within an inch of hers, his tongue darting out to touch her lips. She reached with her own tongue, flicking tip against tip, their breath mingling, hot and sweet. Their lips brushed and they fell into each other, kissing hungrily, bodies pressed tight.

Johns hands roamed all over her back, pulling her tight. One hand cupped her ass, feeling the firm muscle under his palm, pulling her sex tighter agains this thigh. His other hand pressed against her side, his thumb gliding across the soft swell of her breast to nudge at her hard nipple. She moaned in his mouth. 

Marie pushed John back, a hand on his chest.

"We need to stop, or go, otherwise I'm going to fuck you on the dance floor," she said, panting, "and I think I can get fired for that."

John was a bit shocked and delighted by her forwardness.

"Let's go," he said, and this time he took her hand in his and lead her out of the bar.

They kissed again on the street corner, and again on the opposite one. They kissed hungrily when they found the vespa, leaning against it. This time Marie sat in front, enveloped by John's arms as he reached for the handlebars. John kissed her neck, sending chills down Marie's spine. She twisted her neck back to find his face, and they kissed again. Marie shifted back, pushing her ass against the hard lump of John's erection. His linen pants and her thin dress were barely barriers between them. He could feel his erection nestle between the cheeks of her ass. The thick length of it sent another waves of chills.

John kicked the scooter into gear and they flew down the streets of the town, colored lights splashing against them as they passed bars and restaurants, dodging drunks and stray dogs. Marie's dress flew up, revealing her long legs . She didn't bother to push the hem back, letting the material fly on either side of them. The wind and the speed and the thumping of her heart made her exhilarated, carefree, craving more.

They started to make their way up the dark hill towards the resort, but Marie suddenly clutched at John's arm and pointed. He followed her lead and turned down a path that took them to the beach, and the hammocks they had used earlier that day. 

John came to a halt where the road turned to sand.

The beach was pitch black, lit only by the moon and the distant glow of the town. John headed towards the grove of trees where the hammocks where hung, but Marie pulled him towards the beach. 

"This way," she said, "you said you wanted a nude beach..."

And with that she pulled her dress over her head. John grinned from ear to ear, drinking in the sight of her body in the moonlight. He had seen her in yoga clothes, so he knew the shape of her, but seeing her skin, the dimples and hidden folds of her body was a delicious treat. She kicked off her sandals and stepped out of the small panties that covered her sex.

She turned to John, hands on hips, stunning in her nakedness. John drank in the sight of her small pale nipples perched on her high small breasts, the long line of her belly and hips that led to a tangle of dark pubes. 
