 Mornings were bearable, but the last few days had been brutally hot and humid. Marie and John had escaped the hotel for a few days, renting a tiny cabin in an eco-resort deep in the nature reserve. The place was stunning, but minimalist, barely more than a bamboo hut with a bed in it. But the bed was soft, the white linen luxurious. A mosquito net hung from the roof, giving the small hut a magical feel. 

It was also thirty feet up in the air, part of a network of platforms and rope bridges near the tree canopy. A dozen or so little huts were tucked away on the outer edges of the network of platforms, creating privacy. They had woken up that first morning and simply stared at the view, watching the sun climb up above the deep green forest that sloped down towards the distant and glittering sea.

They had made love that first morning, slowly and leisurely, enjoying being half awake and already tasting each other's lips. John moved in her in long slow strokes, holding her in his arms as they kissed. She rolled over on top of him, straddling him, grinding herself into him, building towards her orgasm as she pulled his out of his cock. 

They finally collapsed together, her on top, their skin dewey with sweat.

"You can do that every morning if you want" said John, cradling Marie in his arms. 

"You want me to wake you up? I get up way earlier than you usually" she replied with a grin.

"I don't have to be awake. Don't let good morning wood go to waste, I'm not going to complain if you wake me up by riding me. That's a delicious way to wake up."

"Okay, maybe," said Marie, resting her head on his chest.

They spent the rest of the day hiking through the jungle, following the few marked trails that allowed visitors to explore the nature reserve. They spotted monkeys and colorful birds, marveled at the tall trees and delighted in the cacophony created by the local animals. Nature was not quiet.

The following morning Marie woke up first. The sun had started to color the night sky a pale pink, revealing the fractal shapes of the forest canopy. She reached out to feel John's body. He was curled up on his side, his back to her, asleep. She moved over, snuggling close, burying her nose in his neck.

She smiled to herself, thrilled to have this man in her life. They had walked and talked and shared and laughed, connecting with an ease and honesty that she had rarely had with anyone else. She felt at ease with him, safe to be herself.

She traced his shoulder with her fingertips, watching his body swell and settle with every breath. His skin was warm and soft, his back solid under her palm. He had a slight musky smell, a warm and masculine undertone she found enticing. Her hand rested on his hip.

She traced the swell of bone with her fingers, followed the long curve of tendon and muscle that led to his thigh. Her fingertips brushed against the small hair that grew at the top of his leg, before sweeping back across the smooth curve of his ass. She snuggled closer, her hand draped over his waist, her hand coming to rest on his belly.

For a few moments she laid against him, matching his breath. Her fingers started to circle his belly button, absent-mindedly playing with the small fuzz of his stomach. She almost fell asleep again.

The tip of his cock bumped against the back of her hand. She paused, then moved her hand. The back of her hand bumped against his cock again. He was hard, the thick shaft of his sex resting against her knuckles. 

She held her breath. Was he awake? She lifted her head to peek at his face. The rising sun barely lit his face, just enough for her to see that his eyes were shut, his mouth slack. He was asleep.

She settled back against him. His cock was moving across her knuckles in rhythm with his breathing. She turned her hand over, letting the length of his erection settle in her palm. Gently, she squeezed, holding it. The warmth of it felt good, the soft skin moving over the hard shaft.

She released it, her fingers moving over the length of it, finding the soft bulb that crowned it. She hesitated for a moment, unsure if she was violating some trust he had placed in her. After all, he was asleep. But earlier, his comment,..had he meant it? Would he be angry at her touch? Betrayed?

John shifted in his sleep, rolling onto his back. Marie shifted too, resting her head on his shoulder. He draped his arm across her body, pulling her closer. Marie looked up again, checking to see if he was still asleep. He was, or at least he seemed to be. Was he playing a game, pretending to sleep?

Marie moved her hand up and down his cock, slowly, barely touching it with her fingertips. She watched for his reaction as she did so. But his face didn't change, his breath was still deep and slow. He was still asleep.

Marie relaxed, her hand still holding his cock. Her cock, right now. She looked at it, curious, free to really examine it, without the pressure of a lover anxious for pleasure or her attention. She traced the ridge of the head with her fingertips, following the raised canal that ran the length of the shaft, all the way to the balls that lay nestled in their funny pouch of soft skin.

Her mouth was starting to water. She could feel a heat grow in her pussy. She looked up at him again. Still asleep. Did she want him to wake up so he could make love to her like he had the previous morning? Or maybe this morning... She shifted her weight, bringing her leg over his. Maybe this morning would be different.

She paused, one leg thrown over his thigh. She could feel the cool dawn air brush against her pussy, now exposed. She pushed her pubis against the hard bone of his hip, applying pressure on her clit through the soft padding of her mons and pubes. She held her breath, holding on to his shoulders as pleasure grew in her sex. She released the pressure, exhaling softly, not wanting to go too far, too soon.

Marie let go of John's cock, reaching back between her legs to find the wet folds of her sex. She parted the lips of her pussy, opening herself, finding with a single finger the entrance to her vagina. She moved her finger around, her eyes shut, her breath getting shorter. She was a surprised at how wet she already was, at how turned on she found herself to be. Her single finger felt huge, her pussy extra sensitive. 

She pulled her finger back and brought the wet tip back to John's cock. She smeared her wetness on the soft bulb, spreading it gently. She reached back, dipping again in her pussy, bringing back her wetness. Bit by bit, inch by inch, she covered his cock in her juices, until she could grasp it and slide her hand along its lubricated length.

Slowly, keeping her eyes fixed on John's sleeping face, she raised herself onto her elbow and straddled him, trying to keep as much weight as possible off of him. She paused, holding herself above him on hands and knees. She lowered herself until her pink nipples brushed against his chest. She kissed his forehead softly. She moved up, brushing a nipple across his lips. She could feel his warm breath blow across her skin, making her nipple pucker, sending a shiver of pleasure down her spine.

She reached down and took hold of his cock, pointing it at the entrance of her pussy. Slowly, she sat back, lowering herself onto it.

There was pressure but no resistance. Her pussy was slick with her desire, his cock wet already with her juices. The thick head of his dick pushed her pussy open, making her gasp. She paused, still holding his cock in her hand. She took a few deep breaths, relishing the feeling of his warm cock. She took a quick peek at his face. His eyes were closed, but was that a small smile on his lips? 

Marie sat further back, taking in the full length of him in one long, excruciatingly slow push. She moaned, and thought she heard him moan too.

She settled fully on his chest, letting him take her full weight, her knees tucked on either sides of him. She took his face in her hand and kissed his lips.

"Good morning," she whispered.

His hands moved, tracing the edge of her legs, resting on her back. He gave her a gentle hug.

"Good morning," he mumbled in a sleepy voice.

"I started without you," she said, rolling her hips, letting his cock slide in and out by an inch or so.

"Good," he replied, his eyes half open but a smile growing across his lips. 

He slid a hand across her ass, encouraging her hip movement. She rolled her hips again, starting a slow rise and fall along the length of his shaft. She pushed her clit against the base of his cock at every thrust. She let her head fall on his shoulder. 

John kissed her neck, his arms wrapped around her shoulders. He relaxed, allowing Marie to control the speed and depth of the thrusts. The cool morning air on his wet cock was a sharp contrast to the heat of her pussy. He rubbed her back, listening to her breath as she slowly, methodically, swallowed his cock with her pussy.

Marie rose up a bit, bringing her face to his. They kissed, softly at first, then with more passion as Marie's breathing became tighter. She barely moved up and down anymore, rocking her hips to crush her clit against his pubic bone. A thin moan escaped her lips.

"I'm going to cum.." She whispered.

"Do it. Cum for me, cum on my cock.." pleaded John. 

He grabbed hold of her hair with one hand, his other holding her tight as she pushed herself deeper onto him.

They stared in each other's eyes as Marie shook, mouth open, a long deep orgasm spreading across her body from the heated core of her pussy.

Marie collapsed on John. He held on to her, kissing her shoulder tenderly. She turned her face up to his.

"What about you?" she asked.

"I'm good," he replied.

"You don't want to cum?"

"I'm good right now."

Marie pushed herself up on her elbows. "Do you want me to do something?"

John smiled and gave her a peck on the lips.

"No," he said with a smile, "I am thoroughly content, and happy just like this."

"Now I feel bad, I'm the only one who.." she started to say. John interrupted her.

"Babe. I loved it. I'm just too sleepy, and hungry, and I want a cup of coffee. I loved it, it's the best way to wake up, I love watching and feeling you cum. If you don't do that again I'm going to be really upset."

"Are you sure?"

"Yes. And trust me, we're not done for the day. I'll get my turn," he said, grinning.

A few hours later, fed and caffeinated, they found themselves on a new hike, walking along a small river the color of tea. The guide book had mentioned a waterfall and a swimming hole, but the river showed no sign of either. It wasn't for another hour before the trail finally switched back and followed a small stream of clear water, up towards a distant cliff face. When they finally arrived at the waterfall, they were both sweaty and tired.

The location was stunning. The thin stream cascaded down the dark face of a shard of volcanic rock, pooling at the base in a broad and shallow basin of black sand. The forest crowded around the pool, leaving a thin strip of cleared land around it. A singe shaft of sunlight cut through the permanent dusk of the forest, shining on the clear pool at the base of the cliff.

John and Marie dropped their trekking bags and sat on the edge of the water, catching their breath.

"What and incredible place.." said John, in awe.

"So beautiful," replied Marie.

John pulled his T-shirt over his shoulders, kicked off his shoes and was going for his shorts buttons before Marie piped up.

"You're going for a swim?" She asked.

"Yep."

"I don't have a swim suit," she protested.

"Neither do I," he replied, smiling.

And with that he pulled off shorts and underwear. He stood up, naked, and started to wade into the clear pool.

"How's the water?" Asked Marie as she took her shoes off.

"Perfect," replied John, thigh deep in the water. He turned to look at Marie.

She was standing, shimmying out of her shorts, letting them fall to her feet. She stepped out of them before hooking her thumbs in her underwear and pulling those off too, revealing the auburn bush that crowned the junction of her thighs. John smiled to himself as he watched her, enjoying the sight, delighted at his luck in finding someone like her. She had not hesitated, had not fussed or complained throughout the hike. She was an adventurer, fearless, and now standing naked in front of him, radiant.

"What?" Asked Marie, catching his gaze.

"Nothing," replied John, smiling. "You are stunning."

Marie blushed. "I'm glad you think so," she mumbled. She waded into the water, smiling to herself.

They both submerged themselves, washing off the sweat and grime from the last few hours. They floated for a while, letting their tired muscles relax, chatting as they stared up at the clouds above.

Marie was the first to wade out of the pool, feeling chilled by the cool water. John paddled about a bit longer, exploring the rocky edges of the waterfall. He found a few handholds and started climbing the cliff. Marie had pulled out a snack from her backpack and sat on the beach, watching John. She grinned at his pale white ass, in stark contrast to the dark rock of the cliff. That man needs to even out his tan, she giggled to herself.

He had climbed a half dozen feet above the water before turning around. Perched on a small ledge, he peered at the pool below. There was a deeper spot where the falling water had carved out a trench in the dark sand. It looked deep enough...

"Are you going to jump?" asked Marie.

"Yep!" He called back.

"Are you sure it's deep enough?" she worried.

"Oh, yeah. The question is, do I jump or do I dive. If I jump I have to the ol' ball cradling, because otherwise this might hurt. But then I can't hold my nose shut."

"You know you have two hands, right?" she said, sarcastic.

"That's why I keep you around, you're a problem solver," he said. And then he dove in head first.

He sliced into the water in as shallow an angle as he could manage. He still had to use his hands to keep from slamming into the bottom, but he used his momentum to push himself through the water, crossing the full length of the pool underwater. He suddenly re-emerged right in front of Marie, to her screams and giggles as water splashed everywhere.

With growls worthy of the worst B-movies monsters, he stomped towards her, arms held high. Marie squealed but before she could turn and run he grabbed her by the waist and hauled her up and into the water. The fell together into the clear water, arms and legs tangled together. 

They surfaced in each other's arms, Marie wrapping her legs around John's waist.

"I got you," he said, smiling.

"You got me," she replied, smoothing his wet hair away from his face. 

She felt something bump against her thigh. John's erection.

"Hello there," she said, wriggling her ass to rub against the tip of his hard cock.

John smirked.

"You realize that we're in the worst possible place for this," continued Marie. "Water and sand are like, the worst enemies of good sex."

"But this is literally the most romantic place place ever," he objected. "When are we going to be in a place like this again?"

"In the movies it's very romantic," she said, placing a hand on his heart, "but in reality sand in your vagina is really not. Unless you're into sandpapering your dick."

"You mean Hollywood has been lying to me this whole time?" He exclaimed, mock horrified.

"Yes."

"What if we did it somewhere else. In a tree," he said, mock bargaining.

"No."

"In a bush?"

"No."

"On a monkey."

"How is a monkey going to hold us up?!"

"Two monkeys?"

Marie laughed.

"So what I'm hearing is that we're not going to make wonderful, romantic love on the beach under a waterfall," he said. He should have sounded disappointed, but instead a small smirk was on his lips, which gave Marie pause.

"What if this was not a romantic movie," he continued, "what if we were in a very, very dirty version of Tarzan.." 

"What would happen then?" Asked Marie, mock terrified.

"Well..." said, John. He suddenly picked her up, rising out of the water. Marie clung to his neck, her legs still wrapped around his waist. 

"Tarzan might have to have his way with Jane," continued John, holding Marie under her hips.

"Well, Tarzan better not put down Jane on her back, because that's how you get sand in your cooch."

John made his way out of the water and towards the sandy beach, still carrying Marie in his arm. His erection bumped against Marie's backside as he walked.

"Well, Tarzan was raised by apes, you see..." said John.

He dropped Marie to her feet on the beach, but quickly turned her around. He held her against him, kissing her over her shoulder, his hands roaming across her small breasts. One hand dipped lower, across her belly to find the soft mat of wet hair that covered her pubis. He held his hand over her pussy, pushing against the mound of her clit. Their kiss became deeper, hungrier, their tongues darting again teach other's. Marie reached up, holding on to his neck as they kissed.

John started to squeeze and release the shaft of her clit, pulling at it before pressing down. He held her close, his hard cock nestled between the cheeks of her ass. Marie's breath became quicker, her mouth softer, as the pleasure started to build in her pussy. She had been turned on ever since they had started swimming naked in the pool. It didn't take much to get her going. 

"Tarzan might make Jane get on her knees.." whispered John hoarsely.

Marie turned around, a small smile on her lips.

"Like this?" she asked, as she lowered herself to her knees, bringing her face level with his erection. 

She leaned forward, kissing the soft tip. Her hands rose up to cup his ass, puling him closer. Marie opened her mouth, letting a few inches of his cock slide into her mouth. She relished the feel of it, the warm softness of the skin again her tongue, the hard thickness filling her mouth. She swirled her tongue over the tip of it, feeling her way across the rounded cap. His hands started to play across her head, pulling her hair to the side.

Marie pulled away from him, enough to let his cock pop out of her mouth. She started licking the shaft instead, long licks from base to tip, looking up at him as she did so.

"Fuck..." whispered John, watching her mouth play across his dick.

Marie took it into her mouth again, wrapping it in wet heat, her tongue pressed against the sensitive tip. She bobbed her head gently, sliding his cock along her tongue.

John grabbed a handful of her red hair and pulled her back. Marie let his cock pop out of her mouth, looking up at him.

"Turn around," he told her.

Marie shuffled around on her knees until her back was to John. He gently pushed her forward and she fell onto her hands and knees. She looked back over her shoulders at John. He knelt behind her, his hands roaming across her back.

"Is this what you want?" Asked Marie, looking into his lust filled eyes.

He let his gaze lower to the swell of her ass, the firm globes parting to reveal the pink lips framed by short brown hair. He looked back up, catching her eye.

"Yes," he replied.

John reached forward, sliding his hands across her sides, cupping her hanging breasts. He shuffled forward, bringing the tip of his cock against her waiting pussy. He let go of one breast to guide his cock towards her, parting the lips of her sex, spreading her juices around. He found the entrance of her vagina and pressed the tip of his cock against it, opening her up. Marie moaned.

John let go of his cock and grabbed hold of her hip. He pushed his cock forward, pulling her ass to him. His cock slid into her in one long thrust. He paused for a moment, caught up in the sudden sensations enveloping his erection.
