 Chasing down the road as fast as we dare go. Trying to find a spot outside the glow of the city lights. We are chasing the moon, trying to capture it's magnificent beauty on film. Spotting a dirt road that leads up into the hills, we slow down and turn the car up it. We've got to find a high spot so we can get the picture. We must hurry. The moon keeps setting lower and lower in the night sky. Playing hide and seek amid the trees and hills. Our pulses race as if keeping up with the speed of the car as we fly up the dirt road. You mention it is getting lower in the sky. I must hurry as my foot steps on the accelerator. Getting to the top of the hill, it's now or never. 

I stop the car in the middle of the road. I step out with camera in hand. I have to climb on top of the car if I'm going to get the picture. Turning to take the picture, I see a small sliver of the moon as it gently slips behind the horizon. I take a shot of it anyway, hoping I have captured some of it's beauty on film for you. I climb down from the car, you look at me anxiously. I tell you I only got a potion of it on film. You say maybe tomorrow night we can try again. We get back into the car. Neither of us saying a word as I turn the car around to leave. You move your purse from between us, and slide over next to me, snuggling up tight against me as we travel back down the way we came.

I reach my arm around you and pull you closer. I let my hand slide down your body and reach around to cup your breast in my hand. You don't pull away or move my hand so I think to myself "this could be fun". I feel my cock growing stiff under the confines of my clothes. I let go of your breast and ease my hand down to my pants to undo the zipper so as to release my cock from it's prison. You giggle as you realize what I'm doing. You reach over to help me undo my belt and pants. I ease my ass up off the seat sliding my pants down a bit so you can have access to my raging hard on. 

You giggle again and tell me my fantasy about a blow job traveling down the road won't happen tonight. I reach over and start playing with your cunt through your pants, in hopes that it might just help change your mind. I try to undo the buttons of your pants with one hand. You giggle again as you reach down to assist my efforts. Pants undone you ease them and your panties down to your knees. I reach in with my hand and start playing with your clit. As my fingers play, you lean up and kiss me, asking me to stop the car so we can finish what I have started, giggling.

I pull the car off the road into a clear spot and shut it off. I open the door and step out into the cool night air. I pull my pants up, fastening the button and leaving my hard thick raging cock free out the opening. You reach into the back seat and grab a blanket which we keep there. You slide out towards me, pants to your knees, blanket in hand, and a damp moist pussy aching to be fucked. You reach down pulling your pants up as you head for the trunk of the car. You place the blanket over the lid of the trunk and giggle. I smile as you climb up onto the trunk, taking your pants and panties off. You smile at me as you lie back opening your legs so as to let me at your sweet juicy pussy. I ease up between your legs and kiss you softly. Passion over takes me as a need to taste your sweet honey over comes me. I ease down and flick your clit with my tongue as I start to send you on a trip of ecstasy. 

As I kiss and flick your clit with my tongue and mouth I reach up and insert a finger into your cunt. Then I slip a second one in as I move it in and out ever faster and faster. I flick your clit with my tongue in pace with my fingers. I feel the walls of your pussy close in on my fingers as a wave of orgasm shoots through your body. You moan loudly as you've never been very vocal in your passion before. Another moan escapes your lips, louder than the first. Your hips buck in time to my plunging fingers and tongue. You stop bucking suddenly as a powerful wave of pleasure passes over and through your body. You squeeze my head tightly with your knees and legs as I continue my assault on your pussy with my fingers, lips, and tongue. Your pulse is racing, and your breathing is rapid as you reach down and push my head from your pussy. Smiling at me with eyes glassed over, you ask me to finish the job with my cock. I'm more than happy to oblige.

I climb up on the trunk of the car with you, unbutton my pants and slide them down to my knees. I climb between your legs, placing the head of my cock against your pussy. You wiggle, aligning yourself better to my raging hard-on. I thrust quickly into the wet confines of your cunt, I can feel it's walls ripple and grip my cock. You moan with pleasure as it fills you. I start with slow strokes in and out, picking up the tempo until I feel my balls slapping against the cheeks of your ass. 

Your hips are rising to meet me with each thrust. You moan as pleasure and waves of orgasm crash through you. I pump faster and notice car lights on the highway a few hundred yards away. This only adds to my excitement as thoughts of getting caught cross my mind. I feel your pussy walls gripping tighter as they ripple with wave after wave of orgasm crash through you. I feel my balls tighten as the on set of my orgasm over takes me. I pump and feel the release of semen as it fills your cunt to over flowing. Our bodies go rigid as we ride the last waves of pleasure together. I ease down and kiss you tenderly.

While we are getting cleaned up a bit and are dressing, another car goes by on the highway. You see it's headlights and comment on how you feel like a teenager again. And you let me know this is the first time you have ever made love on the trunk of a car. I too realize it's the first time for me also.

As we climb in the car to head home, you tell me we need to chase the moon more often. I agree with you, and start the car. We look at each other and giggle.