 We were sat at dinner. He was opposite me. 

"Alexis, it was music publishing you were working in, wasn't it? Just administration?"

"Yeah, I had been there about nine years. I am kind of glad we moved, there was no more progression in that role and I think I was about to made redundant anyhow."

"You do know I work for a science organisation, right?"

"Meteorology? I am very used to seeing you on the TV actually, whenever there is adverse weather conditions in the country!"

He laughed.

"Yeah, that's it. I should have mentioned this earlier but my personal assistant recently took on another job. There is an opening there if you want it. It is not highly stressful, my previous PA can attest to that. Would you be interested? If you are, I will tell HR and tell them to bypass the usual recruitment bullshit."

"Oh wow...yes, of course I am interested! I mean, surely it is not that different from what I was doing before."

"It isn't. It is basically attending a lot of boring meetings, organising my diary and travel, welcoming in important people and a whole lot of other stuff. So, sure you will be okay working with me?"

"Well, of course. I know you well enough. I even know how you like your coffee in the mornings. White with two sugars?"

"That would make you perfect then, I will make the arrangements!"

I make it sound like I was on a dinner date or job interview. I was not. My husband Glen and I had just moved from the other side of the country to be closer to his family, with my mother in law being unwell. We were having dinner with Glen's sister Julie and her husband Tim, the meteorologist. The family were close and we enjoyed our connections with the pair. Tim was always a charismatic, good looking kind of guy. But now I was working as his go to person. What could go wrong? Nothing I hope. Tim kept to his word and within a week, I had a start date. It was very exciting to have a level up in my career and a decent pay and rewards package. 

I was pleased we were settling into our new lives well. Before I knew it, the first day of my new job was here. I decided I would catch the train to work so I didn't have to deal with the horrendous roads in the morning. I wanted to arrive feeling relatively stress free. I donned a short skirt and a pair of lace top stockings. Pantihose made me itch. 

"Ah there you are, Ms Timms. How was the train this morning?"

"Good. The trains here seem to be on time and much cleaner than the ones at home. Well, it isn't home any more."

"No, I am hoping Glen and yourself will be here for the long term. Julie and I enjoyed your company at dinner the other night as always. Now may I be cheeky and ask for a coffee? Make one for yourself too."

"White with two sugars?"

"Yes, please. I bet you are happy I am not one of those hipster wanks. None of that soy milk and artificial sweetener bullshit for me."

"I had a lot of those at my last job."

"And are you keen to go have a drink with me on Friday afternoon?"

"Of course."

He was right about the job description. I sat in at meetings that went on far longer than they should. There was a lot of following him around and maintaining a busy diary. He would be going on frequent trips out of town and I would go with him. Well, there was not one of those for at least three weeks. I had joined the organisation during a quiet time of the year. His media presence had been due to his easygoing nature and a voice for public speaking. In the first week, he was on television at least twice and had appeared on the radio three times. He even joked he should have been a television presenter. The place was most welcoming and I was getting along with everybody. Before I knew it, it was Friday lunch time and time to knock off work. He always left Friday afternoons clear for drinks and sometimes, a round of golf. We found a quiet and slightly dark bar near work. 

"I see you are fitting in well, I knew that would happen. I think the whole office is quite taken with you."

"That pleases me to hear that. I did wonder if there would be calls of nepotism given I am sort of family."

"I am your husband's brother in law. Distant enough. I hope he does not mind us working so closely together."

"Think he is just glad I have a secure job in a good environment."

I stared into the glass with the myriad of rainbow colours one can find in a cocktail. Something about this situation felt a bit alluring. I had not had that much to drink, surely? It had been a week that had flown by but it did not come without some sort of guilt. I didn't want to have too many drinks lest I became a more of a floozy than normal. He then placed a hand on my thigh under the table. I froze on the spot. 

"Distant enough, you say. As secure as it is, it is dangerous in a way too."

"Did you know I have had to spend the last ten years of my life having to admire you from afar. I always though Glen was a lucky bastard. Your stockings...they feel rather nice."

"Do you like me wearing stockings?"

"I do. No other woman in the office does, I am sure of it. I know you do. Your skirt was short enough for me to capture a glimpse of the lace tops."

"Pantihose just makes me itch."

"I have...many ideas in my head about stocking clad legs and sexy panties."

"Do not go any further up my skirt, Tim. We should not really mix business with pleasure."

"Did you want me to move my hand?"

"No. Just leave it there. Any higher and you risk feeling how wet I am. I can see a stiffening in your pants already."

"You fucking slapper."

"How would you feel if I said that feeling of having to admire from afar was mutual? My marriage is relatively dead. Glen doesn't seem interested any more. Are you experiencing the same motions with Julie?"

"We haven't had sex for over a year. I try to initiate and nothing. I cannot blame her having the kids for that either. Problems started when Cadence was four...I am sorry if I crossed boundaries."

He removed his hand and I was perplexed. 

"I did wonder how we were going to work together. I fancy you, you fancy me...and I did notice before I left today, a meeting scheduled in for me on Monday at 11. Just before lunch. How convenient."

"Things I wish to discuss about how we go forward after your first week. Like I said, you are doing well, Alexis. I shall see you on Monday then."

Yes, there was the guilt. I was being flirtatious with a married man with a family who had familial ties with my husband. As I sat on the train, my heart sank knowing I was heading for a dead bedroom scenario. 

Glen and I had been together for ten years. Married for seven. Glen was a man about town, a gregarious character who I fell head over heels in love with when I spotted him at the local cricket pitch. I used to go watch my brother play cricket, you see. They were in the same team. You socialise at the clubrooms afterwards and one thing led to another. But in the last three years, things had ground to a halt. We had tried to start for a family and had gotten nowhere and when I dared mention outside help, he refused to talk to me. I would get home from work, help prepare dinner, watch a little television and retire to our room, where he would just roll over and go to sleep. I would end lying in bed, hand between my legs, giving myself an orgasm. 

But in the week since I started my new job, I began to fantasise about Tim all the time. Here he was, a man paying attention to me. He was fresh in my eyes, even if he was not the best looking man on the planet. Looks didn't matter. He was tall, brown haired, green eyed. Went to the gym but not overly defined. I first met Tim at the christening of his son, Oliver. It was the first time I had ever attended a Timms family function. Back then, I was Alexis McIver, young and perhaps a bit stupid. Glen was only the second boyfriend I had ever had. Sexually inexperienced, indeed Glen and I had not even slept together by the time the christening happened two months later. But the burning desire was there. I remember locking eyes with Tim and feeling like instant sex. I suddenly started looking forward to family get togethers. I always passed it off as a silly crush but now I was in such close quarters with me, the feelings became intrusive. 

Come Monday morning, I was nervous. I woke up late and was scurrying about. As I went to go onto the train, I walked into someone. I heard a ping. My bra had snapped at the front. I went and found a seat and pulled my jacket over so no one could see. Given I was already late, I did not have time to go back home or do anything about it before work started. Fuck, I hoped he did not notice. But then, Tim was always taking a look longer than he should have. He had been doing that for years. Undressing by eyes only. I insisted on wearing the jacket at work despite it being a warm day. I pottered about doing what I needed to do before 11. When the clock struck that time, I was summoned into his office.

"Ms Timms, I know I discussed this meeting with you at drinks on Friday. But there is something I am confused about. Why are you wearing a jacket inside when the air conditioning is set to 22 degrees?"

"Mr Davenport, I had an accident on the train on the way to work. My brassiere snapped. I was unable to sort it before I came here, I thought I was to be late."

"You could have just told me. Take the jacket off."

"Yes, Mr Davenport."

I was going pink in the face as I took the blazer off to reveal a black top. I was braless. I was starting to feel a bit aroused as my nipples became obvious under the sheerness of the fabric. His eyes lit up. 

"Ms Timms, I now see why you wore the jacket. You didn't want the office to know you are a horny little slapper. Have you always been like this?"

"Yes, Sir. Had you not noticed the scant flirting we have been doing for the last decade?"

"Of course, I have. Come here, and sit on the desk. Behave for me, I do need to visually inspect you."

As I sat down on the desk, my very short skirt rode up. The garter belt I was wearing was now obvious.

"Spread your legs, Ms Timms."

I did and the skirt went further upwards, revealing a pair of black panties. I did wonder if he would notice they were damp. This situation was like a dream come true. 

"At least I am wearing panties, Sir."

"Hardly qualify as panties. A little black thong. Did you know I was planning on having you for lunch today?"

He started to unzip his pants and out popped his cock. Hairless, relatively large and quite thick. Instinct took over as he came close by and slipped his cock into my mouth. I could not remember the last time I gave a blow job. He gently held the back of my head as I licked and sucked to get a good taste. At first it hurt, because it had been far too long. But damn he was tasting good already. A throbbing cock for the mouth was always a good start. I wet my panties just a bit. He pulled out and then slipped a finger in my mouth to suck. 

"Your lips serve you well." 

With his cock ever growing and twitching, he lifted my top to reveal my tits. Cupping me, pinching at my nipples as my panties grew ever damper. "I love how your panties are right up your pussy. Fuck, you are sexy and it is like you do not even know it. I knew it was dangerous me having you in my office. I have fantasised about fucking you for years."

His hands ran down my stocking clad legs before he went and daintily took my heels off. I heard the shoes hit the ground in a dull thud. With a foot in his hand, he began to lick the soles of my feet. One by one, he took my toes into his mouth. A weird sensation of wet nylon against warm skin. I never thought my feet would enjoy such a sexual experience.

"If your high heels had been any higher, I would have thought you were a prostitute."

He peeled my panties off. Pausing for a moment, he took in a breath of air and looked lost to the world. It was a moment I had climaxed over for a long time - the first time Tim would see my exposed pussy, wet and wanting for him. 

"I am so glad you don't shave, Ms Timms. The hair is so erotic."

"I never did like shaving, Mr Davenport. I prefer to be as mother nature intended. Glen doesn't like it."

"You were always too good for him. Bend over for me."

He had me bent over the desk as he massaged my ass cheeks. Rumps of pure putty. Then came the strikes. A hard hand hitting soft flesh as it rippled in excitement and turned a carnal shade of red. Each strike creating a mottled effect and eliciting an erotic sound from me. 

"Naughty secretary, Ms Timms. What if my wife finds out?"

"Your wife does not serve you well, Sir."

"Indeed, she does not, despite me wanting to be intimate with her. Well, never mind."

I moved so I was on my back. My legs in the air, he had a full view of my pussy. Pink and glistening, throbbing in excitement. Next thing I know, his cock was in me.

"Wrap those nylon clad legs around me, Ms Timms. I am going to fuck you like it is the last time I ever fucked anybody."

Fucking hell, we didn't even use a condom. But the pleasure radiated throughout my pelvis. The sound of wet squelching as his cock filled me up something shocking. Clad in a warm wetness, I tightened my pussy around him. I did not want to let him go. Truth be told, it has been two years since I last had sex. I had dreamed of having the dildo replaced by the real flesh and blood. He was still dressed in his business attire as he tore my top off in a wave of passionate fervour. He made the grab for my tits as I broke out in a sweat. It was two minutes later, I heard him grunt and shudder as he ejaculated in me. The thrusting stopped. We had that moment where we looked right at one another.

"What have we just done, Tim?"

"Reckless, I know. But I wanted to be consumed by you. I needed that. You needed that. In fact, I am inclined to make another meeting tomorrow at the same time. I will just tell everyone it is my daily debrief with my personal assistant."

"Debrief alright. So are we having an affair?"

"Perhaps. I want you to get dressed but then I do not. What a sight for sore eyes. You there with the stockings and my cum leaking out of you."

"I think I might just go tidy myself up and get back to work."

I spent the next twenty minutes in the women's bathroom going through a packet of wet wipes. I did not want to have dirty panties all afternoon or the scent that would remind me of the illicit thrill of having fucked my boss. Was I to go through it again tomorrow? Would Glen notice anything different? Even though I cleaned up the best I could, I could still feel a wet stickiness between my legs for the remainder of the day. 

When I got home, Glen was in the kitchen preparing dinner. I said a quick hello before I went into the bedroom to remove my underwear. Yes, it smelt like sex. It was just as well I had to put a load of washing on. I felt a little disgusted with myself. Was I on birth control? Well, yes even though I found pill taking every day to be utterly pointless. Dinner was pain free and there was the usual apathetic attitude from Glen, who had decided he was going to get a bit drunk with free beer he had forgotten at his new job. I excused myself. Perhaps sleep would wash my sins away.

The following morning, I woke up and realised I hadn't dreamed the day before. Another morning meeting. I did wonder what he would cook up this time. I would at least wear a bra but made sure I wore a nicer pair of panties. Perhaps a little lace would do the trick. I still keep a drawer of pretty unmentionables in the hope it would light some fire within Glen. But he considered it a waste of money. Well, if he was not going to get enjoyment from it, I knew someone else who would.

I remember getting to work with no air of awkwardness. Thank fuck for that, I didn't need that shit complicating things further. In all the years I had been married to Glen, I had never be tempted to cheat and in a way, I still could not believe I had done it. Did I feel bad? Of course I did. Did I enjoy it? Well, I was looking forward to 11 like you wouldn't believe.

It was another boring meeting and talking to travel agents about arrangements for the following week. As he expected me to go with him, I did wonder what the sleeping arrangements would be like. Did we get our own rooms? I booked it that way. I glanced up at the clock and it was time for the debrief.

"I must commend you for being on time, Ms Timms. Please sit down."

"Well, I do not want to be late for you, Sir. Do you mind that I call you, Sir?"

"You could call me Daddy, you know."

"Okay then, Daddy."

I admit, a ping of "huh?" reverberated around the head then. I was one of those women who thought calling your lover Daddy was creepy. But in this case, I found it a hell of a turn on given he was a father of two and I was childless. The hand went up my top to unhook my bra. At least I was wearing one today. Once the bra was discarded, the hands went waltzing all over. Hands brushed hard nipples as I looked right at him much like a pet looks at her master. He then lifted my skirt.

"Oh wow, pink lace. That is a lot sexier than yesterday. I bet that gusset is all soaked because I am making you horny, Ms Timms. Do you mind if I peel them off?"

"No, Daddy."

There I was standing in the middle of his office with erect nipples and a wet cunt. Still relatively clothed. He was in front of me in his chair and as I turned, I bent forward. He continued to fondle my tits, full well knowing it would make me more aroused. 

"Such delicious breasts. I cannot resist them."

He popped a nipple in his mouth and the gentle suction sent little shock waves to my clitoris. My mind went into overdrive. What if I was not on birth control? He came in me yesterday bareback. What if he had gotten me pregnant. My tits would lactate and I did wonder if he would be one to be into adult breastfeeding...as his lips moved to my other nipple. 

"You are turning me on, Daddy."

"I know...go lie down on the table over there. I want to explore you."

He said that yesterday and I never got to find out quite what he meant. But I saw some ropes come out. What sort of man keeps ropes in his office? Thin white cord. I suppose it could be useful for other things, but who was I to ask questions of Daddy?

"Daddy, before you do that, shouldn't we establish some sort of code in case I feel uncomfortable with what you are doing?"

"Well, of course, Ms Timms. Sorry. You mean a safe word. You could call out your dickhead of a husband's name."

"I will go with that then, Daddy. Tie me up."

I put my hands above my head as he tied them loosely together. The intricacy of the knots and the dexterity of his fingers reminded me of a time we had been at the pools with our families. I watched him undoing the cord on a beach umbrella. It was one of those moments where I swear Julie noticed me looking longer than I should have. He had some experience with this. He then lay me down and made sure my top was out of the way. Legs apart. I heard a ping as he reached into the draw again to retrieve latex gloves. It was a moment where I felt like he was not really the Tim I knew any more. This was just a bit kinkier than I was used to. The hands slowly massaged my tits before he squeezed my nipples. There was a rather medical feel to this. 

"Such firm tits. I will make use of those later."

His gloved hands lightly touched my skin as he descended further down my body. He played with my pubic hair. He starting to spread my pussy, fingers pulling at my lips, watching as the grool started to accumulate. I felt his rubber coated finger dip into me and I tightened up.

"I felt that."

It became two fingers, as they reached into the deepest parts of my pussy. The feeling of slight pressure along the concertina of damp walls. He used his other hand to start rubbing my clit. I was already sporting a small erection there. Talk about intense, especially when he was looking right at me. The sensual strokes to the clit were doing the job. Ever so often, he would pull his fingers out and massage my juice into my vulva so it became a slippery pool of pleasure. I wanted cock badly but we were not playing by my rules. Every time the fingers came out, I felt a void that needed filling. 
