 Don't go chasing waterfalls Please stick to the rivers and the lakes that You're used to I know that you're gonna have it your way Or nothing at all But I think you're moving too fast

-- TLC, 1995

Awakening, Kim opened her eyes, looked around and then remembered where she was, at first almost thinking that it was a dream. She couldn't believe she was finally here, in Maui for the first time. She had always heard it was beautiful, but she hadn't seen much yet since she had arrived late last night and went straight to bed. Being excited to get this new adventure started, she hurriedly got out of bed, brushed her teeth, and got dressed. She decided to go straight to the pool bar, have a Cosmo, and sit there for a while, admiring the scenery, watching the ocean, and scoping out the beach to see if there were any good-looking men around. 

When Kim arrived at the pool bar, she looked at the menu and decided to order some breakfast -- two eggs over easy with wheat toast, and a Cosmo. Hmmmm, didn't that sound good??!! Of course, the bartender made her Cosmo right away and it arrived first. And before she knew it, her Cosmo was gone and she was ordering and drinking another one, even before her breakfast had arrived. And then, as she was drifting into a Cosmo-induced haze, she heard a voice and looked over to find a very good-looking man sitting next to her. She immediately noticed that he was very tan and well-built. Saying "good morning" in a deep, sexy voice, he introduced himself as Steve, and she told him that her name was Kim, saying that she had just arrived last night, and that it was her first time in Maui.

Smiling, Steve said, "Well, I'm even more glad now that I sat down beside you because I've been here before and I'd love to show you around. That is, if you want me to."

As Kim's eyes widened, she said, "Oh my, that would be wonderful. I'd love that."

Smiling more widely, Steve replied, "Well, then, let's get started today," and then added, "I want to take you for a drive on the Road to Hana, the most beautiful part of the island. There are beautiful waterfalls there that I'm sure you'd like to see, and there's the 7 Sacred Pools that you cannot miss seeing."

Wow, Kim thought, a handsome tour guide, and then, trying to act cool, said, "Yes, that would be great. Shall we meet somewhere this afternoon?"

Obviously pleased, Steve said, "Well, why don't we get started now?"

Kim looked surprised but delighted, and said, "OK, that sounds great. But I just ordered breakfast, so can we go after I finish it?"

With a smirk, Steve said, "Well, I don't know if I can wait that long. You really must see these waterfalls. But OK, I'll wait for you -- right here," as he sat down next to her. And then, Steve signaled to the bartender, asked for a Grey Goose and Tonic with lime, and sat back to sip his drink and wait for her. 

Just then, Kim's breakfast arrived. "Oh, good," she thought, excitedly, "I really do want to be alone with him, and soon..." But instead, she said, "Oh good, here's my breakfast now. Do you want to order anything?"

Steve's smirk now became more mischievous as he said, "I've already found exactly what I ordered."

Surprised at his comment, Kim looked at him, and said, "Well, I couldn't have wished for a more handsome guide than you," realizing that she had just failed at her attempt to stay cool and nonchalant. And as she stared into his eyes, he returned her gaze, and she felt a connection forming between them already, and some wetness forming elsewhere....

As Kim ate her breakfast, Steve started telling her about himself. He said that he was from the East Coast, born and raised in Washington, DC, now living in Manhattan, and working as a stockbroker on Wall Street. He said that he was 44, never been married, loved the beach, and loved Maui. Steve also told her that he had seen her in the lobby when she arrived last night, noticed that she was alone, and decided to look for her this morning. So he was very happy when he saw her sitting alone at the bar this morning because he had hoped she had checked in alone and wasn't meeting a boyfriend or husband here.

Kim looked surprised at his comments, and then said, "No, I've never been married either. And I broke up with my boyfriend a couple of months ago, and haven't done any dating since then. I decided I needed time to just be me." And then she added, "And now I'm glad that I came here alone because I've met you," deciding that since her attempt to stay cool had failed, she would resort to all-out flirting.

And then Kim said, "Oh, and by the way, I live in Manhattan, too, on Central Park West. Where do you live?"

Noticing that he didn't act at all surprised that she also lived in Manhattan, he said, "Oh, I live up by Wall Street, close to work."

With that last comment, she suddenly felt his hand on her thigh. She looked at him and said, "Hmmm, that feels good." Steve looked back at her with another mischievous look in his eyes, and started to rub her thigh lightly, and as he did, she felt more wetness forming as her pussy started to tingle. And as she looked over at him again with a glazed look in her eyes, he leaned over and kissed her lightly on the cheek.

With her last bite, Steve stood up, held out his hand and said, "Well, beautiful, shall we proceed to my rental car?"

Looking slightly embarrassed but nonetheless impressed, she said, "Oh my, that's nice of you to call me beautiful," obviously very flattered by his choice of words.

"Well, you are beautiful... I've always thought so," Steve said. Kim looked at him quizzically, and just as she was going to question him about his comment, he realized what he had said. "You know, because I saw you last night when you were checking in and then looked for you today."

Kim smiled, and although not totally convinced of his explanation, she decided to let it pass, for now. "Oh, I see what you mean," she simply replied.

And with that, Kim grabbed her purse and signed her check, charging her breakfast to her room. She took his hand and they started walking across the pool area and into the lobby of the hotel. When they reached his rental car, he opened the door and let her in, and then walked around to the driver's door.

As Steve sat down, he looked over at Kim and said, "I have a feeling that this is going to be a remarkable vacation." She returned his gaze, and just smiled at him, thinking exactly the same thing. Then he leaned over and started to kiss her lightly on the lips. Kissing him back, their kisses started to become more and more passionate as he started to hold her head in his hands and play with her long blonde hair. And then, as he pulled away from her, he started the car and drove out of the parking lot.

After they had driven for a few minutes, he said, "You know, I've been to Maui twice before this, but I've never met anyone like you here before."

Hoping he was being sincere, she looked at him and said, "Well, I feel very lucky to have met you, and I'm really looking forward to our time together today."

Steve just smiled and nodded his head, as he grabbed her hand and held it tightly. It was some time before they spoke again. Steve just drove and held Kim's hand, squeezing it occasionally. Kim kept thinking this was all a dream and that she was going to wake up any moment. 

But then, as they drove further and further along the Road to Hana, with the ocean on one side and lush countryside on the other, Steve pulled to the side of the road and said, "There's a beautiful, remote waterfall about half a mile from here, but we'll need to walk to it. Are you game?"

Kim smiled and said, "Oh yes, I'm game. You lead the way.."

And with that, they got out of the car and started to walk hand-in-hand into the dense brush. Of course, Kim was asking herself why she was walking into a dense forest with a strange man. And he had made that odd comment, too, as if he had seen her before last night when she was checking in. But she was finding herself very drawn to him and somehow felt safe with him even though she had just met him.

As they walked further and further away from the road, she found herself wanting him to ravish her right there, right then. But she just kept walking alongside him as he led the way toward the waterfall that he had described to her. And suddenly, there it was, appearing out of nowhere. An incredibly beautiful waterfall amid the dense brush. Steve stopped and just stared at it, and she did the same.

Then Kim said, "Wow, you were right... it really is beautiful."

Steve paused for a moment, and then said, "Yes, it is, but it's not nearly as beautiful as you," as he put his arms around her and pulled her in close.

And then he started to kiss her, much more passionately than before, and she felt herself getting more hot and bothered with each kiss. Closing her eyes as he continued to kiss her, she felt his tongue in her mouth as they began to french kiss, their tongues probing and dancing together. As they continued to kiss, their kisses became more and more hot and passionate, and she felt very intense feelings start to flow over her when she realized that he had put his hand inside her blouse and was feeling her breasts. And then, as he started squeezing her nipples, making them very hard and erect, she found herself almost gasping for breath, feeling so completely and totally turned on.

Kim opened her eyes and looked at Steve. And after he returned her gaze for a split second, he pulled her closer to him and started to step into the pool of water at the bottom of the waterfall. She pulled slightly away from him, looked at him seductively, and then started to take off her blouse and shorts, revealing her naked body to him. He just stood there, starting at her breasts for a few seconds and then surveying her naked body. And then he stepped under the waterfall, motioning to her to join him. As she walked toward him, she saw that he was removing his shorts to reveal his very large, hard, erect cock. She knelt down in the water and began to rub his thighs as she started to lick his cock, up and down the entire length of the shaft, feeling it grow even larger as she did. Then, grabbing his balls with one hand and his cock with the other, she began to jerk off his cock and lick the tip, tasting the pre-cum that was now leaking out. She drew his cock back into her mouth, sucking it wildly and sticking it way down into her throat. And as she heard him moan and gasp in excitement, she became more and more excited as well. Then Steve pulled her up and began kissing her again as he started rubbing her clit, feeling it becoming more hard with each touch, each rub of his fingers. He could feel how wet she had become while sucking his cock. As he inserted one finger and then two into her cunt, pushing them in and out, in and out, he could feel her wet, hot pussy start to pulsate and throb around his fingers. She moaned in ecstasy as he continued to rub her clit and finger her pussy as their kisses became even more hot and passionate. Then, in a slow, gentle motion, he guided her toward a rock and leaned her up against it. Kim began to feel even more excited as she felt his rock hard cock on her leg. As he continued to kiss her, he moved his body to place his cock between her legs and against the outside of her pussy, and she felt her body respond in a rush of excitement.

Then Steve grabbed Kim's arms, held them down at her sides and pushed his cock more firmly against her pussy. Then as his cock penetrated her pussy, she gasped for breath, moaning in pleasure. He began fucking her against the rock, pushing his cock in and out of her pussy, and kissing her passionately. The feeling of the water around them was so amazingly erotic, and she couldn't believe that she was actually here under this waterfall being fucked by this new man. Then as he continued to fuck her, he grabbed her tits and squeezed them with his hands. Pulling his hands toward her nipples, he squeezed them firmly and then started to roll them between his fingers. Then as he pulled on her nipples some more, he brought his mouth down to meet them and started to lick and suck on them.

Moaning in delight, Kim said, "Oh yes, suck on my nipples. That feels so good."

And he obliged, continuing to suck on her nipples, drawing them into his mouth and biting them lightly, which sent amazing sensations through her body and especially into her pussy. She was moaning so loudly now that she was practically screaming.

Looking at her, he asked, "Does that feel good, baby?"

And as she replied, "Oh yes, it feels incredible," he pushed his cock in even deeper and harder. 

Kim screamed loudly, saying, "Yes, fuck me, deeper, harder, just like that. Oh, yes," as he continued to fuck her, in and out, in and out.

Then in a swift motion, he pulled his cock out of her, turned her around, and inserted his cock into her pussy doggy-style. He held her by the hips, fucking her wildly, as she continued to moan loudly, becoming more and more excited. As he continued to fuck her doggy-style, he reached around and started playing with her tits, squeezing them, pinching her nipples and rolling them between his fingers. He could feel that she was on the edge of an enormous orgasm. Her cunt was contracting wildly around his cock, throbbing in pulsating rhythm as he fucked her, harder, deeper and faster with each thrust.

Moaning very loudly, she suddenly cried out, "Oh God, I'm going to cum. I'm going to cum, baby." And with that, she started to cum, yelling out again, "Oh God, I'm cumming. I'm cumming. Oh, Steve." Kim couldn't believe how incredibly hot and erotic she felt, and it was so amazing to feel her cunt contracting so strongly around his stiff cock, almost in a milking action.

As Kim continued to cum, moaning loudly with each contraction of her pussy, Steve started to cum, too, yelling out, "Oh baby, I'm cumming, too. I'm cumming, too, baby."

Steve held Kim tightly from the back, feeling her body shaking as they started to cum together. Their bodies were as one now, and they both felt as though they were floating high above the earth in their own world. Continuing to hold her tightly, he could feel his load shooting inside of her as he filled her wet, hot pussy with his cum.

But when his orgasm had subsided, hers had not. She was still cumming, and at this point, she was almost gasping for air. "Oh baby, I'm still cumming. I'm still cumming. Ooohhh." 

Kim was shaking wildly now, her pussy still squeezing against his cock, which was still somewhat hard and erect. Watching her, feeling her pussy squeezing around his dick, he started to get another hard erection.

With a glazed look on her face, Kim looked at Steve and said, "Oh God, you're getting hard again."

Steve looked deep into Kim's eyes and said, "Yes, watching you and feeling your orgasm on my cock really has me turned on."

And then he kissed her again and again -- hot, deep passionate kisses that sent her into orbit as he fucked her, pushing his cock into her wet pussy as she continued to gasp and moan, squirming and wiggling as his cock pushed in and out, in and out of her dripping cunt.

Then Kim started to almost scream, saying, "Fuck me, Steve. Fuck me hard, deeper, deeper, baby." 

And of course he obliged, pushing his hard, stiff cock harder and harder against her pussy, hearing it squish from the wetness inside her. As he continued to push his cock hard and deep into Kim's cunt, she started moaning and groaning louder and then started almost panting.

"Oh God, your cock feels so good in my pussy. Does it feel good for you?" she questioned, gazing at him with a hot, seduction look.

"Oh God, yes, it feels incredible," he replied, pushing it in hard and deep.

He stopped for a moment to look at her, standing there with the water falling around them. An amazing sight, he thought as he drank in the entire picture. So hot, so amazingly erotic. And then he grabbed her by the hips and turned her around again, starting to fuck her doggy-style again, in and out, in and out, at a wild and frenzied pace.

Moaning and gasping, she yelled out, "That's it, baby, fuck me, fuck me hard."

And he kept on fucking her wet, hot cunt with his stiff, hard cock as he slammed his balls against her wildly.

"How does that feel, baby. Do you like that?" he asked, wanting to hear her say how good it felt.

"Oh my God, it feels amazing. I love feeling your cock in my cunt," she cried out as she kept gasping and moaning loudly.

Then he reached around and grabbed her tits, pulling on them while he continued to fuck her. Grabbing her nipples, he rolled them between his fingers and loved the way they felt, so hard and erect. He also loved her reactions and the fact that she was so vocal. Everything a man could ever want, he thought. Even more hot and sexy than I always thought she would be.

By now, she was draped over the rock, practically breathless and gasping for air, and as she moaned loudly, she started almost screaming, saying, "Oh God, baby. I'm going to cum again." 

Steve just kept fucking her as deep and hard as he could, wanting so much to feel her cum on his rock-hard cock.

And then, Kim yelled out, "Oh baby, I'm cumming, I'm cumming." 

And Steve cried out in response, "Oh yes, baby, cum for me. Cum on my cock."

And then, he started to cum, too, shooting his load into her hot cunt while her pussy contracted around his cock, sending what seemed like electrical charges through both of their bodies. They both were gasping now, moaning loudly in unison. And then he pulled his cock out of her cunt, turned her over and almost collapsed on top of her, holding her tightly. Kim was gasping for air, totally spent from their escapade in the waterfall.

"Oh my," she said breathlessly, "you're an incredible lover, baby."

Steve just looked at her, continued to hold her tightly and then kissed her lightly. "No, baby," he replied, "you're the one who is incredible."

And with that, they both sank into the water, holding each other there, and fell asleep under the waterfall.

After a while, Kim awoke and looked over at Steve. "Wow," she thought, "that was amazing," almost not believing what had happened.

And then he awoke, too, and gazed over at her and then said, "Wow, baby, that was incredible, and you're amazing," still not believing how hot and erotic their encounter had been.

And then his mind turned to the first time he saw her and felt so drawn to her, seeing how beautiful she was and realizing just how incredibly attracted he was to her.. Then a thought went through his mind that perhaps he should tell her the whole story now. But just as that thought crossed his mind, another thought came in telling him not to say anything more yet, that he should wait until later. 

And with that, he got up, put his hand out to her help her up, and said, "Well, there's lots more to see. Shall we continue our drive on the Road to Hana now?"

Looking at Steve with a glazed look on her face, she said, "OK, that sounds good.:

And with that, Kim and Steve got dressed and started walking hand-in-hand back to his rental car. When they reached his car, he leaned over and kissed her lightly on the lips, squeezed her hands, and then let her in the passenger side. As Steve walked to the driver's side, Kim sat there in the car, still trying to process all that was happening, but feeling incredibly good. What a vacation, she thought to herself, never thinking that her first trip to Maui would become such a memorable experience.

As they drove down the road, Steve looked over at Kim and winked. She just smiled in return, still reveling in the moment and their incredibly sensual encounter under the waterfall. Feeling like she was floating, she didn't want to break the spell by speaking. No, silence is best, she thought.
