 "Taryn! Get out of the shower!"

I grinned to myself and continued to take my time, ignoring my younger sisters repeated requests to finish showering.

"He'll be here soon!" Lesley shouted. 

"Who?" I shouted back.

"Rick!"

My body tingled just hearing his name. Rick was Lesley's eighteen year-old boyfriend of about a year now, and for the past three months, was the object of my attention. I don't know what it was about him, maybe it was the fact he belonged to my sister. Maybe it was just how good-looking he was; standing 6', muscular, with dark blonde hair and forest green eyes, Rick had enough to catch any girl's eye...but keeping the twenty-two year old eye of his girlfriends sister was no small feat. He and I were well acquainted, because he spent a lot of time at my parent's house and I came down for weekends to visit the family. We had flirted on and off throughout he and my sister's relationship, and I knew he felt the sexual tension between us. I wanted to take care of it.

I turned the water off and stepped out of the shower, toweling myself off with a thick bath sheet as Lesley continued her rampage outside the bathroom door. She began banging.

"Patience is a virtue!" I sang and picked up my black bikini panties, slipping them on as I heard the front door slam downstairs.

"Shit...he's here." Lesley moaned. I heard footsteps stomping up the wooden stairs.

I quickly put on my matching black bra and listened quietly while I pulled a brush through my wet hair in front of the mirror.

"Hey, sorry I'm not ready." Lesley said. "Taryn won't get her ass out of the bathroom."

"It's no problem." Rick said quietly. "We're in no hurry."

A smile tugged at my mouth as the next thought passed through my head, and I decided I would make Lesley regret telling me to hurry. I grabbed my clothes and opened the door, both Rick and Lesley turning to look at me.

"Taryn!" Lesley's mouth dropped as she took in my half naked state. Rick's green eyes widened slightly and he swallowed, quickly averting his gaze.

"Sorry," I murmured. "You told me to hurry. Hey, Rick."

"Hey, Taryn." He replied.

She glared at me and I turned to walk into my bedroom, my eyes meeting Rick's as he had looked up again when I closed the door. I flashed him a quick smile, which he returned with amusement and Lesley with another heated glare.

I chuckled and listened as the bathroom door closed again, which left Rick alone in her bedroom. I waited until Lesley turned the shower on and went into her room, surprising Rick who was sitting in a chair watching the small TV she had. He turned his head modestly and I smiled, turned on even more that he wouldn't even think to take advantage of the situation.

"I just have to dig through her closet," I said. I was aware of how good I looked in just my bra and panties, with my big tits and firm little ass. My nipples pushed through the silky fabric of my bra and I could feel the wetness from my pussy soaking through my panties imagining fucking Rick right there on my sister's bed. God, I wanted him...

"I hope you don't mind that I'm wearing only my bra and underwear in front of you," I said as I passed by him. "I figure it's nothing you haven't seen before."

"If it doesn't bother you, it doesn't bother me." He said nonchalantly.

"Not at all." I called, turning the closet light on.

"Are you going to be at Lesley's party tomorrow?"

"Of course, she's my sister. My mother would disown me if I didn't." I joked.

"Cool. So...what are you up to tonight?" Rick asked as I began rummaging through Lesley's clothes. 

"I have a date." I replied. "What are you and Lesley doing?"

"A movie, I think," he paused. "Is this date going to become one of your boy toys?"

I looked behind me and grinned at him. "Don't even tell me you're beginning to believe all the bullshit my family tells you about me."

"What? That you date one for about a week and kick him out like he was nothing?" Rick teased. "I think Lesley gets jealous sometimes."

Of course she was. If I was the family flirt, Lesley was a close second. Behind Rick's back she flirted with every one of his friends and then some, she just hadn't gotten the guts to cheat on him yet. It was only a matter of time.

"Well, that's the advantage to being single, Rick." I murmured, walking back into the bedroom. I held his green eyes with my own blue eyes, feeling my cunt begin a slow burn deep inside me. His eyes slid down over my body, lingering over my chest and between my thighs, and my breath quickened as the air between us thickened with electric sexual tension.

"What do you think of this?" I asked holding a short, pale blue sundress up against me. He shifted in his chair and I noticed the prominent bulge in the front of his blue jeans, bringing a warm flush of satisfaction to my face. A sudden thought of sliding down on his cock while he sat in that chair filled my mind's eye and flooded my already aching, soaking wet pussy.

"Put it on." He said. "I can't really tell until I see it on you."

I slipped it over my head and smoothed it over my body, the waist fitting snugly to my belly and falling just about mid-thigh. I did a slow turn in front of him, his eyes appreciative.

"You look good." 

"Thank you," I said with a smile. "Good enough to eat?"

Before he could answer, the shower shut off. I silently cursed and hurried to the door, murmuring a quick thank you to Rick before Lesley discovered me in her bedroom, in her dress, and in front of her boyfriend still half naked. My sister could be naïve, but she was not stupid.

By the time I arrived back home to my parent's house after my very disappointing date that night, Rick had already returned Lesley from their night out. I sighed in aggravated disappointment and went into one of the spare bedroom's where I slept while I visited, stripping naked and flopping back unto the bed. 

I reached down between my spread thighs and was not surprised to feel how wet I still was, rubbing my middle finger in slow circles against my swollen clit. I slid two fingers into my hot opening and finger fucked myself until I came, moaning Rick's name as I did. I wanted my sister's boyfriend...and I had to have him.

The next day, the party for Lesley's birthday was in full swing by noon. The whole house was stuffed with people, but Lesley managed to grab me while attending to her hostess duties.

"Rick should be coming soon. Will you please watch for him and find me when he gets here, Taryn?" she asked, shouting over the loud music.

I nodded, trying to quell the excitement running through my body. Lesley stared at me suspiciously for a second and I smiled innocently, giving her a wink. I pulled away before she could say another word and took a seat near the front door, suffering through a conversation with an already drunk distant relative. The thoughts running through my head were hardly centered on the conversation; all I could think about was Rick above me, sliding his hard cock deep inside my pussy and making me scream before he shot his cum all over my body. I wanted his cock in my mouth; I wanted his hands wrapped in my hair and yanking it back hard as he fucked me from behind on my hands and knees. The next half an hour seemed to crawl by, and I was about to lose my mind from boredom when I finally sighted him.

"Excuse me." I said and stood, opening the front door for him. He wore a pair of khaki's and a button down shirt, the heady scent of his cologne intoxicating me. 

"Come in," I smiled, letting him brush by me. I wore a short black skirt with a daring slit up the side of my right thigh and a white, spaghetti-strapped top that played up my cleavage, my blond brown hair wavy and falling a few inches past my shoulders. 

He asked me something but I couldn't hear it over the loud music, and I leaned in close, pressing against his arm. "I said, it's really crowded in here." He repeated.

"I know," I said and from pure sisterly duty, added, "Do you want to see Lesley?" He didn't seem to hear me, for his green eyes were on my breasts. I fought to keep a smile off my face, moving closer to brush my thigh against his crotch. His warm breath brushed over my neck and slid down my chest, sending shivers through my body and hardening my nipples to firm little points.

"Rick," I murmured into his ear. His body tensed, and I found myself staring straight into those sexy green eyes I had been fantasizing about for months. "Do you want to see Lesley?"

"I - yes. Do you think we can find her in this mess?" he asked.

I took hold of his arm and pulled him with me, making introductions here and there when necessary. Lesley was in the kitchen, helping mom get together some food, refilling drinks, and greeting guests. 

"Rick!" Lesley squealed and grabbed his hand, disappearing from the kitchen. I didn't have much time to pout before mom assigned me some duties, which kept me busy for the next hour or two. The house eventually thinned out until there were only a handful of people left, and Lesley was in the middle of the group chatting animatedly. 

Rick was not with her.

After a quick search, I found him sitting alone in the den flipping through the TV. I stepped past him on the couch and sat down next to him, crossing my long, tan legs.

"Hiding?" I asked. He smiled sheepishly.

"You're in here, too."

I ran my tongue over my lips. "Not for the same reasons you are."

His green eyes met mine. "Then why?"

It was a challenge, and I was tired of waiting. I knew he wanted me just as much as I wanted him. My cunt began to throb between my legs, and I reached out to take hold of his hand, observing his strong, thick fingers, and clean-cut fingernails. 

His hand trembled slightly as I set it down on my bare, exposed thigh, and I let my legs uncross as I pulled his hand farther and farther upwards. His fingertips trailed along the inside of my taut thigh, and his breath came out harsh and shallow when I spread them apart to inch him closer to my hot center.

"Do you want to touch me?" I whispered, meeting his hot gaze. His green eyes were clouded over with lust, his cock rock hard and pushing at the front of his khaki's, and I gasped when he slid his hand underneath my skirt.

Rick groaned softly when his fingers didn't meet the resistance of panties. His index finger brushed against my swollen slit, his middle finger slipping between my lips to stroke against my hard little clit and gently tease it.

I arched my back, pushing my hips into his fingers and slowly rotating against them, moaning softly while I tugged my shirt down and pinched one of my hard nipples. 

Outside the closed door, my sister was still talking with the remaining handful of people, unaware that her boyfriend was fingering her older sister. But what she didn't know wouldn't hurt her...

I bit back a cry of pleasure as Rick began slipping a thick finger inside my dripping pussy, going deep in me until he was up to his knuckle. I reached over and slid my hand underneath the waistband of his pants and boxers, wrapping my warm hand around the thick, rigid shaft of his cock and squeezing gently. 

"Christ, Taryn," he whimpered. "If Lesley or anyone else comes in here..." His words were cut off by a groan as I brushed my fingers over the tip of his raging prick, using the pre-cum steadily oozing from it to lubricate my fist as I began pumping him. Rick started finger fucking in and out of my cunt as I jacked him off, our moans mixing, growing louder as we neared orgasm. I was so close to cumming...so close...

"I'm going to cum!" I whispered hotly, and Rick nodded.

"Me, too." He gasped.

"Fuck my pussy faster, Rick...ahhh, yes, I'm cumming!" I whimpered, my body arching up sharply as my body exploded with pleasure. I kept jerking Rick's hard cock faster, feeling him grow even more, and I used my free hand to unbutton and unzip his pants.

"Fuck yes Taryn, put your mouth around my cock..." Rick murmured as I pulled out his thick dick, taking the whole length right into my throat. His hand grabbed a handful of my hair and he pulled upwards as he used his hips to fuck into my hot, wet mouth. I wrapped my lips tight around him and sucked hard as he thrust in and out.

"I'm going to cum...I'm going to shoot right into your mouth, Taryn." He moaned. "Yes...now...get ready to swallow me..."

I drew my mouth away and grabbed the base of his throbbing prick, preventing him from cumming. 

"Wh - what are you doing?" he demanded, glancing quickly at the door as if I knew someone was coming.

"You're not cumming until you are inside me, Rick." I said softly, giving him a long, wet lick up his shaft and lapping at a drop of pre-cum that leaked from the tip of his cock. He opened his mouth to say something, but Lesley shouted his name and we quickly straightened ourselves out.

"Hey," Lesley burst through the den door. "The house cleared out. Want to go out for awhile?"

"Sure." Rick stood and followed Lesley out the door, looking back at me before he went out.

"Be good." He said with a smile.

I grinned back. "I'll try."

I woke up with a start later that night, my throat dry and scratchy. I stumbled out of bed and opened the bedroom door, remembering I was only in a skimpy white cami and panties but not really caring. The house was dark and quiet, and like me, my family slept like the dead.

Yawning, I headed for the kitchen and stopped dead, seeing a male figure in just a pair of navy blue boxers filling a glass with water at the sink. 

Rick? What was he doing here? I felt my pussy begin to slowly flood and pound with the strength of my desire for my sister's boyfriend, and I licked my lips in anticipation.

I tiptoed up behind him and slid my hands around his waist, making him jump a couple feet in the air before he spun around to face me. "Taryn. You scared the shit out of me."

His cock was hard within seconds against my pelvis. I pushed into it, molding my breasts against his chest and flicking my tongue across his bottom lip. I could almost hear his heart increase in rhythm.

"What are you doing here?" I whispered, running my hands down his smooth, firm belly and nudging my hand underneath the waistband of his boxers. He stared down into my blue eyes as I pulled his cock out and wrapped my hand around it, giving it a full stroke from top to bottom.

"Lesley wanted me to stay overnight." He murmured, his hands cupping my firm little ass and pulling me tighter into his hard body. I felt a twinge of jealousy...I didn't want my sister's seconds.

"Did you fuck her, Rick?" I asked quietly.

He leaned down to kiss me, but I pulled my face away and sucked on his neck, his seeking hands slipping underneath my panties and squeezing my ass cheeks. "No," he gasped as my fingers trailed over his balls. "I didn't fuck her, because I wanted you. I want you, Taryn."

I groaned low in my throat and he picked me up, sitting me on the kitchen island. He pushed me unto my back and spread my thighs apart, using a finger to tug my panties to the side, and I grabbed unto the side of the island as his warm tongue teased my clit. He sucked it between his lips and gently nibbled, then moved down to slip his tongue inside my hot, wet pussy hole. I clamped my thighs around his head and ground into his mouth, wanting more, needing more, his nose rubbing into my clit as he tongue fucked my tight, shaved pussy.

"Ahhh, Rick..." I moaned softly, rubbing my taut nipples through my camisole. "Yes...eat my cunt..."

I was cumming within minutes. He fingered and licked until I gasped in pleasure, and my head was dizzy with a pleasure filled fog. Rick pulled me off the island and I wrapped my legs around his waist, his cock rubbing against my crotch as we headed towards my bedroom.

Rick flicked the light on and the door clicked behind us as he set me down, suddenly looking uncertain. "Lesley might wake up."

I took hold of the bottom of my cami and pulled it up and over my head, tossing it aside as his green eyes drank me in. I hooked my thumbs in the waistband of my panties and slid them down, smiling as his eyes focused on my shaved cunt when I straightened up. His cock was nearly touching his belly now.

"Tell me." I murmured, taking steps backwards towards my bed. 

"I want you." He said.

"Then what are you waiting for?"

He dropped his boxers and shoved me unto my back, using his knee to nudge my thighs apart as he entwined his fingers with mine and trapped my hands above my head. I spread my legs wide and he settled between them, bringing the head of his hard cock to the entrance of my steaming cunt. He pushed inside and stopped, his breathing ragged as we held still. I tried to push upwards, to take him in, but he smiled teasingly and matched my pushes up with pulls back.

"Do you want it, Taryn? Do you want my cock inside you?" he murmured, leaning forward to trail his tongue along my collarbone and working down to suck a hard nipple into his mouth. I groaned and arched up into his warm body, needing to be fucked by my sister's boyfriend. 

"Yes, yes I want it!" I moaned hotly. "Fuck me, Rick...please fuck me!"

With that, Rick sank his cock deep into my tight, hot cunt with one swift thrust. He hissed sharply, my pussy muscles squeezing and sucking him in, and he began fucking into me. 

"Ahhh Taryn, you're so tight," he moaned, his thrusts hard and deep, his balls slapping against my ass. I met his fuck thrusts with my hips, his hard cock filling and stretching me to the limit.

"Yes...fuck me...God, your cock feels so good inside me," I whimpered in his ear. "Fuck me harder!"

"I - I'm going to cuuummm," he groaned. I quickly rolled him unto his back, sitting back on his thighs as I slid down on his thick shaft and kept still, letting him settle. His hands came up to cup my tits, his thumbs rolling my nipples in slow circles, and his tongue wetted his lips.

My head fell back as I began moving up and down on his cock, riding him slow and hard and feeling every inch of him moving inside my cunt. He gripped my hips with firm hands and brought me down hard into his up thrusts, bringing me closer and closer to cumming. I felt him grow harder inside me, his face tightening in pleasure, and he sat up to twist us around, positioning me on my hands and knees.

I buried my face into the bed, sticking my ass high in the air as Rick slid his length back into my hot, waiting cunt. He slammed hard into me from behind, his hands grabbing my hips and squeezing almost painfully as he fucked me. 

"Taryn...I'm going to cum...I have to shoot inside you..." he gasped hotly. I was so close to my own orgasm...so close...

"Rick!" I cried, my pussy contracting around his cock. "I'm cumming, oh God I'm cumming...let me feel your cum inside me!"

"I'm cumming...Taryn, I'm cumming..." he groaned and shot inside me, his fingers digging into my skin as he continued to fill up my pussy with his hot cum.

Our breathing gradually slowed and Rick pulled away, a warm trickle of cum running down the inside of my thigh from my overfilled cunt. We dressed and stood at the bedroom door together, sated and satisfied...for the time being.

"How loud do you think we were?" Rick grinned.

I shrugged and smiled. "When it all comes down to it...does it really matter?"

He stepped quietly out the door and pulled it behind him, his green eyes meeting mine, a small smile on his face before it closed. "When you put it that way...no...not really."