 Don't go chasing waterfalls Please stick to the rivers and the lakes that  You're used to  I know that you're gonna have it your way  Or nothing at all  But I think you're moving too fast.  -- TLC, 1995

Awakening, Kim opened her eyes, looked around and then remembered where she was, at first almost thinking that it was a dream. She couldn't believe she was finally here, in Maui for the first time. Of course, she couldn't help but think of Craig, especially since this was supposed to have been their honeymoon -- that is if he hadn't screwed things up so badly. Finding him in bed with that 18-year old girl up the hallway was a shocker and an eye-opener. And all of his pleadings, saying that it was a one-time thing, that it wouldn't happen again, that she was the most important woman in the world to him, asking her to forgive him, and on and on and on, didn't make a dent in the fact that she felt totally betrayed. And so they had broken up and she had moved out of his apartment. Luckily, she had kept her own apartment near Central Park, so she moved back there and tried to move on with her life. Craig had kept trying, though, sending her roses with notes saying how much he still loved her; leaving her notes at her apartment, asking her to meet him for dinner; even showing up at her office a few times wanting to take her out to lunch. But she had resisted it all, being much too hurt to even think of forgiving him.

And now, she was in Maui by herself. Naturally, though, Craig hadn't made that easy either, showing up at the airport just before here flight, asking once again for her forgiveness and telling her just how much he missed her and still loved her, but she told once again that it was too late. Looking dejected, he had almost begged her, and for a moment she not only felt sorry for him but also felt a pang of emotion course through her heart and mind. She had asked herself if perhaps she could forgive him, that maybe he really was capable of change. But then the scene of finding him screwing that young girl from up the hall burst into her brain again and she knew she just couldn't. And so she told him yet again that he needed to forget her and move on like she was trying to do herself.

Looking very sad, Craig had said he understood and apologized again for messing things up so badly between them. He told Kim that he would always love her and be concerned about her, and then he proceeded to tell her about a man in his office. Saying that he thought this man was out to hurt her, Craig said that this man named Sam hated him because of a work rivalry. Craig continued by saying that some friends of his at the office had seen Sam go into his office and rifle through his papers, and that they saw him look at the itinerary for Kim's trip to Maui. And since Sam had suddenly taken a week off of work right at the time when Kim was leaving for Maui, Craig was convinced that Sam was going to Maui to try to do something to Kim. Listening to Craig's crazy story made Kim feel a little uneasy, but she tried not to show it, telling Craig that he must be mistaken, that she didn't believe that anyone was going to try to hurt her. But of course, the story was still fresh in Kim's mind and she couldn't help but be a little concerned.

Laying there thinking about all that for a few minutes, Kim decided to brush it all out of her mind. After all, she was very excited to get this new adventure started, so she hurriedly got out of bed, brushed her teeth, took a shower, and got dressed. She decided to go straight to the pool bar, have some breakfast, and sit there for a while, admiring the scenery and watching the ocean. Of course, she also wanted to do some people-watching, one of her favorite activities. 

When Kim arrived at the pool bar, she looked at the menu and quickly decided to have two eggs over easy with wheat toast and bacon -- and a Cosmo with Grey Goose. After all, she was on vacation in Maui for the first time, and she deserved a little extravagance. And though it was only 9:00 am in Maui, she rationalized, it was 5:00 pm in New York. Happy hour!! Deciding to adopt that attitude while in Maui, she decided that it would be "Happy Hour 24/7." Of course, the bartender made her Cosmo right away, and it arrived first. And before she knew it, her Cosmo was gone and she was ordering and drinking another one, even before her breakfast had arrived.

As Kim was drifting into a Cosmo-induced haze, she heard a voice and looked over to find a very nice-looking man standing next to her. Saying "good morning" in a deep, sexy voice, he introduced himself as Steve, and then asked if he could sit down beside her. Saying yes, that was fine, Kim looked at him again and realized that she had seen him at the airport and then in First Class on the plane. A little startled, Kim was surprised to now see him here at her hotel, and then asked herself if he could really be the Sam who Craig had warned her about. "After all," Kim thought, "if he saw the Maui itinerary like Craig said, then he would know the hotel where I'm staying." But then she realized that he had said his name was Steve, not Sam as Craig had said. But she started to relax, another thought popped into her head, telling her, "Of course, anyone can say their name is anything, can't they?"

Deciding to see how he would react, Kim finally introduced herself and said that she thought she had seen him at JFK Airport and in First Class on the plane from New York. Smiling, Steve said that yes, he was at JFK and was on the plane from New York -- and that he remembered seeing her as well. "It's hard not to remember such a beautiful woman," Steve said, obviously flirting with her.

Kim blushed a little, and said, "Oh, thank you -- that's very nice of you to say."

Looking pleased that she had responded in that manner, Steve then added that he was very pleased when he saw her this morning, especially since she was sitting alone at the bar -- that he had noticed her last night walking on the beach, was pleased that they were staying at the same hotel, and had hoped she wasn't meeting a boyfriend or husband later. 

"Oh my," Kim said, "I didn't realize I was being watched like that." 

Steve looked a little concerned, and then said, "I'm sorry -- I didn't mean to startle you or offend you," with a sincere tone in his voice. 

"Oh, don't worry -- no offense taken," Kim replied, actually a little flattered by the attention. And then she said, "And to answer your other question, I'm here alone -- no boyfriend, no husband."

Smiling, Steve said, "Well, I can't say I'm sorry you're here alone and that you're unattached," and then added, "You're a beautiful woman and seem so nice and pleasant. I'm very happy that we've run into each other, and I would love to get to know you." 

Kim smiled and then said, "Thank you -- you're full of compliments, aren't you?"

Steve laughed lightly and then said, "I'm just telling you the truth, Kim."

"Well, you're very nice," Kim replied, thinking that at this point, Steve seemed almost too good to be true.

Smiling at Kim again, Steve then asked, "So have you been to Maui before?"

"No," Kim replied, "this is my first time in Maui. Have you been here before?"

"Yes, I've been here twice before this, and I love it," Steve responded. "It's really an amazing place, and I would love to show you around. That is, if you would allow me to do that."

As Kim's eyes widened, she said, "Oh my, that would be wonderful. I'd love that."

Smiling more widely, Steve replied, "Well, then, what do you say to our getting started today?" and then added, "I'd like to take you for a drive on the Road to Hana, the most beautiful part of the island. There are beautiful waterfalls there that I'm sure you'd like to see, and there's a black sand beach that you should see. And of course, there's the Seven Sacred Pools that you cannot miss seeing."

Wow, Kim thought, a handsome tour guide, and then, trying to act very cool and nonchalant, said, "Yes, that would be great. Shall we meet somewhere later this morning?"

Obviously pleased, Steve said, "Well, why don't we get started now?"

Kim looked surprised but delighted, and replied, "OK, that sounds great. But I just ordered breakfast, so can we go after I finish it?"

With a sly smirk, Steve said, "Well, I don't know if I can wait that long," and then, after pausing for a moment, he continued by saying, "But okay, I'll wait for you." And then, Steve signaled to the bartender, and asked for a Grey Goose and tonic with lime. When the drink arrived, he sat back to sip his drink and wait for Kim. 

Just then, Kim's breakfast arrived. "Oh, good," she thought, excitedly, "I am so hungry," and said, "Oh good, here's my breakfast now. Do you want to order anything?"

Steve's smirk now became a little more mischievous as he said, "I've already found exactly what I ordered." 

Surprised at his comment, Kim looked at him, and said, "Well, I couldn't have wished for a more handsome guide than you," realizing that she had just failed at her attempt to stay cool and nonchalant. And as she stared into his eyes, he returned her gaze, and she felt a connection forming between them already, and some wetness forming elsewhere.

As Kim ate her breakfast, Steve started telling her about himself. He said that he was from the East Coast, born and raised in Washington, DC, now living in Manhattan, and working as a stockbroker on Wall Street. He said that he was 35, never been married, loved the beach, and loved Maui. Steve also told her that he had seen her in the lobby when she arrived last night, noticed that she was alone, and decided to look for her this morning. So he was very happy when he saw her sitting alone at the bar this morning because he had hoped she had checked in alone and wasn't meeting a boyfriend or husband here.

Kim looked surprised at his comments, and then said, "No, I've never been married either. And I broke up with my boyfriend a couple of months ago, and haven't done much dating since then. I decided I needed time to just be me." And then she added, "And now I'm glad that I came here alone because I've met you," deciding that since her attempt to stay cool had failed, she would resort to all-out flirting.

And then Kim said, "Oh, and by the way, I live in Manhattan, too, on Riverside on the Upper West Side. Where do you live?" 

Noticing that he didn't act at all surprised that she also lived in Manhattan, he said, "Oh, I live on Central Park West, so we're almost neighbors." 

With that last comment, she suddenly felt his hand on her thigh. She looked at him and said, "Hmmm, that feels good." Steve looked back at her with another mischievous look in his eyes, and started to rub her thigh lightly, and as he did, she felt more wetness forming as her pussy started to tingle. And as she looked over at him again with a glazed look in her eyes, he leaned over and kissed her lightly on the cheek. 

With her last bite, Steve stood up, held out his hand and said, "Well, beautiful, shall we proceed to my rental car?" 

Looking slightly embarrassed but nonetheless impressed, she said, "Oh my, that's so nice of you to call me beautiful," obviously very flattered by his choice of words.

"Well, you are beautiful -- I've always thought so," Steve said. Kim looked at him quizzically, and just as she was going to question him about his comment, he realized what he had said. "You know, because I saw you last night when you were checking in and then looked for you today."

Kim smiled, and although not totally convinced of his explanation, she decided to let it pass, for now. "Oh, I see what you mean," she simply replied.

And with that, Kim grabbed her purse and signed her check, charging her breakfast to her room. She took his hand and they started walking across the pool area and into the lobby of the hotel. When they reached his rental car, he opened the door and let her in, and then walked around to the driver's door. 

As Steve sat down, he looked over at Kim and said, "I have a feeling that this is going to be a remarkable vacation." She returned his gaze, and just smiled at him, thinking exactly the same thing. Then he leaned over and started to kiss her lightly on the lips. Kissing him back, their kisses started to become more and more passionate as he started to hold her head in his hands and play with her long blonde hair. And then, as he pulled away from her, he started the car and drove out of the parking lot. 

After they had driven for a few minutes, he said, "You know, I've been to Maui twice before this, but I've never met anyone like you here before." 

Hoping he was being sincere, she looked at him and said, "Well, I feel very lucky to have met you, and I'm really looking forward to our time together today." 

Steve just smiled and nodded his head, as he grabbed her hand and held it tightly. It was some time before they spoke again. Steve just drove and held Kim's hand, squeezing it occasionally. Kim kept thinking this was all a dream and that she was going to wake up any moment. 

But then, as they drove further and further along the Road to Hana, with the ocean on one side and lush countryside on the other, Steve pulled to the side of the road and said, "There's a beautiful remote waterfall about half a mile from here, but we'll need to walk to it. Are you game?" 

Kim smiled and said, "Oh yes, I'm game. You lead the way." 

And with that, they got out of the car and started to walk hand-in-hand into the dense brush. Of course, Kim was asking herself why she was walking into a dense forest with a strange man. And he had made that odd comment, too, as if he had seen her before last night when she was checking in. And there was the slight possibility that he might be the Sam who Craig had warned her about. But she was finding herself very drawn to him and somehow felt safe with him even though they had just met. 

As they walked further and further away from the road, she found herself wanting him to ravish her right there, right then. But she just kept walking alongside him as he led the way toward the waterfall that he had described to her. And suddenly, there it was, appearing out of nowhere. An incredibly beautiful waterfall amid the dense brush. Steve stopped and just stared at it, and she did the same. 

Then Kim said, "Wow, you were right... it really is beautiful." 

Steve paused for a moment, and then said, "Yes, it is, but it's not nearly as beautiful as you," as he put his arms around her and pulled her in close.

And then he started to kiss her, much more passionately than before, and she felt herself getting more hot and bothered with each kiss. Closing her eyes as he continued to kiss her, she felt his tongue in her mouth as they began to French kiss, their tongues probing and dancing together. As they continued to kiss, their kisses became more and more hot and passionate, and she felt very intense feelings start to flow over her when she realized that he had put his hand inside her blouse and was feeling her breasts. And then, as he started squeezing her nipples, making them very hard and erect, she found herself almost gasping for breath, feeling so completely and totally turned on. 

Kim opened her eyes and looked at Steve. And after he returned her gaze for a split second, he pulled her closer to him and started to step into the pool of water at the bottom of the waterfall. She pulled slightly away from him, looked at him seductively, and then started to take off her blouse and shorts, revealing her naked body to him. He just stood there, starting at her breasts for a few seconds and then surveying her naked body. And then he stepped under the waterfall, motioning to her to join him. 

As Kim walked toward Steve, she saw that he was removing his shorts to reveal his very large hard erect cock. She knelt down in the water and began to rub his thighs as she started to lick his cock, up and down the entire length of the shaft, feeling it grow even larger as she did. Then, grabbing his balls with one hand and his cock with the other, she began to jerk off his cock and lick the tip, tasting the pre-cum that was now leaking out. She drew his cock back into her mouth, sucking it wildly and sticking it way down into her throat. And as she heard him moan and gasp in excitement, she became more and more excited as well. Sticking it down deep in her throat again, she gagged a little, but kept sucking on Steve's cock, loving the way it felt in her mouth. She continued to massage his balls as she sucked on his cock, squeezing his balls slightly and loving the way Steve's body jerked as she did so. Then, without taking his cock out of her mouth, she licked his balls, drawing them close to her mouth as well, and of course, Steve gasped and stared in awe at her as she performed this feat. 

"Oh my God, that feels good," Steve finally said, in a breathless tone, "you're very good at that."

Still sucking on his cock, Kim looked up at Steve as she licked his balls again, and then stuck his cock way down deep in her throat again, and again. 

Then Steve pulled her up and began kissing her again as he started rubbing her clit, feeling it becoming more hard with each touch, each rub of his fingers. He could feel how wet she had become while sucking his cock. As he inserted one finger and then two into her cunt, pushing them in and out, in and out, he could feel her wet, hot pussy start to pulsate and throb around his fingers. She moaned in ecstasy as he continued to rub her clit and finger her pussy as their kisses became even more hot and passionate. Then, in a slow, gentle motion, he guided her toward a rock and leaned her up against it. Kim began to feel even more excited as she felt his rock hard cock on her leg. As he continued to kiss her, he moved his body to place his cock between her legs and against the outside of her pussy, and she felt her body respond in a rush of excitement. 

Then Steve grabbed Kim's arms, held them down at her sides and pushed his cock more firmly against her pussy. As his cock penetrated her pussy, she gasped for breath, moaning in pleasure. He began fucking her against the rock, pushing his cock in and out of her pussy, and kissing her passionately. The feeling of the water around them was so amazingly erotic, and she couldn't believe that she was actually here under this waterfall being fucked by this new man. Then as he continued to fuck her, he grabbed her tits and squeezed them with his hands. Pulling his hands toward her nipples, he squeezed them firmly and then started to roll them between his fingers. As he pulled on her nipples some more, he brought his mouth down to meet them and started to lick and suck on them. 

Moaning in delight, Kim said, "Oh yes, suck on my nipples. That feels so good." 

And he obliged, continuing to suck on her nipples, drawing them into his mouth and biting them lightly, which sent amazing sensations through her body and especially into her pussy. She was moaning so loudly now that she was practically yelling. 

Looking at her, he asked, "Does that feel good, baby?"

And as she replied, "Oh yes, it feels incredible," he pushed his cock in even deeper and harder. 

Kim screamed loudly, saying, "Yes, fuck me, deeper, harder, just like that. Oh, yes," as he continued to fuck her, in and out, in and out, in and out.

Then in a swift motion, he pulled his cock out of her, turned her around, and inserted his cock into her pussy doggy-style. He held her by the hips, fucking her wildly, as she continued to moan loudly, becoming more and more excited. As he continued to fuck her doggy-style, he reached around and started playing with her tits, squeezing them, pinching her nipples and rolling them between his fingers. He could feel that she was on the edge of an enormous orgasm. Her cunt was contracting wildly around his cock, throbbing in pulsating rhythm as he fucked her, harder, deeper and faster with each thrust. 
