 After they laid there under the waterfall fast asleep for quite a while, Steve awoke and looked over at Kim. "Wow," he thought, "that was amazing," almost not believing what had just happened. The wild fucking under the waterfall -- simply incredible. Thoughts of Kim kneeling down and sucking his cock there in the water entered his mind, making Steve's cock very hard again. The way she took his cock deep into his throat as she held his balls, massaging them -- and then alternating between licking his balls and thrusting his cock down in her throat, over and over again. And the way he had draped her over the rock as his hard stiff cock penetrated her hot pussy, and he thrust his throbbing cock deep inside her -- in and out, in and out, in and out -- and it felt so good. 

While Steve sat there thinking about all this, he had begun playing with his cock, stroking it wildly, and very soon his cock exploded, sending cum out the tip of his cock and all over his hand. As he continued to stroke it, he just kept thinking of Kim and the erotic scene in which he had just participated out there among the lush greenness. 

As Steve sat there with his cock in his hand, reveling in the orgasm he had just experienced, he looked over at Kim, still sleeping beside him there in the water. Thinking about how beautiful, sexy and sensual she was, his mind then turned to the first time he saw her in Central Park. He had felt so drawn to her, and that was the first time he realized just how incredibly attracted he was to her. He had almost talked to her then, but a man approached her asking for directions, and after talking with that man for a little bit, she had walked away with him. And after that, every time he saw her, she was either with Craig or running to meet him. And then, he didn't see her again -- until he was on the plane and saw her boarding for their trip to Maui. 

Of course, Steve was thinking now that perhaps he should tell her the whole story. But he was somehow afraid to do so, not wanting her to think he was stalking her or something. After all, that man she had walked away with turned out to be a new guy in his office named Craig, and they worked at the same stock brokerage firm on Wall Street. So when Craig asked Kim to move in with him, Steve had heard talk of it around the office. And when Kim and Craig had gotten engaged, he had heard about that, too. And naturally, when Kim broke up with Craig, he had heard the scuttlebutt about that drama as well, including the fact that she had found Craig in bed with another woman. It was all so complicated, especially explaining the fact that he had found out that Kim was going to go on what was supposed to have been Craig and Kim's honeymoon alone -- and basically following her here to finally actually meet her. Steve knew the whole thing sounded weird, and he wasn't ready to talk to Kim about it. Not yet. 

As Steve sat there thinking about all that, Kim awoke and gazed over at him and then said, "Wow, Steve, that was incredible," still not believing how hot and erotic their encounter had been. 

"Yes, it was amazing," Steve said, as he leaned over and kissed Kim again. "I can't believe I'm out here in such an amazing place with such a beautiful and sexy woman," he said, hoping Kim realized just how sincere he was being. 

Kim looked over at him, smiled, and then said, "That's very nice of you to say, but I think I'm the lucky one." 

Steve looked at Kim as she said this, very captivated by her beauty and the special aura she seemed to have around her. Pulling her closely, he kissed her -- a very deep and passionate kiss that sent electrical charges throughout their bodies. And that's all it took. Steve pulled her close, and as he did so, she climbed on top of him, positioning herself over his hard cock and pushing it hard deep inside her hot, wet vagina. 

As Kim squeezed his cock tightly, she said, "Oh God, Steve, I can't believe how hot you make me. Fuck me again, baby... fuck me again." 

As she said this, Steve began pushing his cock inside her, without saying a word. He just looked Kim in the eyes and took in the moment, so incredibly turned on by this amazing woman. Gasping, Kim leaned over and began kissing Steve, sticking her tongue inside his mouth as they continued to fuck. As their tongues danced in each other's mouths, they continued to fuck wildly as Steve pushed his cock in and out of Kim's hot pussy and Kim squeezed her pussy around Steve's very hard cock. 

Then pulling herself up, Kim squeezed the tip of his cock with her pussy, swiveling and gyrating her hips, and then dropping herself hard on top of his cock again, and again, and again.

Loving how sexy and sexual Kim was, Steve reached out and grabbed her tits, squeezing them tightly and then holding her nipples between his fingers as he rolled them, making them very hard and erect. Then he pulled her closer and began sucking on her nipples as she continued to pump his hard cock.

"Oh God, baby," Kim said breathlessly, "keeping sucking my nipples. That feels so good, and your cock feels amazing inside me." 

And as Steve continued to suck on Kim's nipples, and as she moaned and gasped there on top of him, they both erupted into wild orgasms -- gasping, yelling out simultaneously, saying how incredibly hot and wild it was to be fucking wildly out there in the dense brush in Maui. A dream come true, Kim thought.

As they both came wildly, gasping and moaning, Kim just keeping thinking how amazing being with Steve like this was, how hot and erotic the whole scene was, and how she had never imagined that this would happen today. 

As their orgasms subsided, Kim pulled back a little, feeling as though she was in a daze. Finally, Kim said, "Wow, Steve, the way you fuck me is absolutely electrifying. I can't believe all this is happening. I haven't been fucked like this in a very long time." 

"Oh God, me too," Steve said, "making love to you is amazing," thinking that there was something very special developing between them. 

And then Steve motioned to Kim to sit back down beside him, and as she did, he put his arm around her and they sat there for a little bit, taking in the beauty and the sensual feelings that were coursing through their bodies. 

After a few minutes, Steve said, "Well, as much as I hate to break the spell, there's lots more to see. Shall we continue our drive on the Road to Hana now?" 

Looking at Steve with a glazed look on her face, she said, "OK, that sounds good." 

After getting dressed, Kim and Steve began walking hand-in-hand back to his rental car. When they reached his car, he leaned over and kissed her lightly on the lips, squeezed her hands, and then let her in the passenger side. As Steve walked to the driver's side, Kim sat there in the car, still trying to process all that was happening, but feeling incredibly good. What a vacation, she thought to herself, never thinking that her first trip to Maui would become such a memorable experience.

As they drove down the road, Steve looked over at Kim and winked. She just smiled in return, still reveling in the moment and their incredibly hot encounters both under the waterfall and afterwards. With as hot as it all had been, Kim couldn't stop thinking about it in minute detail -- and now as she was sitting there in the car, she kept having flashback memories and felt as though she could have another orgasm at any moment. She also felt as though she was floating, and she didn't want to break the spell by speaking. No, silence is best, she thought, as she continued to revel in the sensuality of it all. 

After they had driven for a while, Steve said, "We're being very quiet, aren't we?"

"Yes, we are," Kim said, "I haven't recovered yet." 

"Recovered? That's an interesting way to put it," Steve said with a smirk.

"Yeah, you really wore me out back there," Kim replied, smiling slightly.

Steve smiled back at Kim, and then said, "That was simply amazing, and you are a very hot, sexy lady."

"Well, thank you, Steve," Kim responded, "especially for saying I'm a lady." 

Steve took Kim's hand and squeezed it, telling her that she was definitely a lady, and a very sexy one. And then he added that he felt so privileged to be able to spend time with her and to share such special intimate moments with her. Looking at him, Kim realized that he was being very honest and sincere with her, and she told him how much she appreciated his words and the time they were spending together. 

As they drove down the road, Steve looked over at Kim and winked. She just smiled in return, still reeling in the moment and all that had happened at the waterfall. Then she said, "I'm sorry I'm being so quiet, but it's so wonderful just taking in how beautiful and serene it is here. And of course, I can't get what happened back there at the waterfall out of my mind." 

"Yes, it is beautiful, and so are you," Steve responded, and then adding, "You are an amazing lady, Kim, and what happened back there was amazing as well."

"Well, thank you, Steve," Kim replied, "And I think you're pretty amazing yourself."

Just then, Steve looked ahead, saw that they would soon be approaching Honokalani Black Sand Beach, and asked Kim if she wanted to stop. 

"It's very striking and different," Steve told Kim, then telling her that Honokalani Black Sand Beach is part of the Waianapanapa State Park. Then he went on to say that the black sand is actually lava pebbles that are very small and smooth, and that the beach itself is in a spectacular setting, surrounded by lava cliffs. 

"Wow, that sounds amazing -- I definitely want to see it," Kim replied, thinking that Steve was a great tour guide, especially since he seemed to have a lot of interesting information about these places at his fingertips. "You're quite the tour guide, Steve," she added, and then continued by saying, "I feel lucky to be here with you, and not just because you're filled with all kinds of interesting information."

Steve looked over at Kim, so happy to be hearing what she was saying. Then, with all the sincerity he could muster, he said, "No, Kim, I'm the lucky one." 

Kim looked over at him, and thought how great it was being there with Steve. She had just met him that morning, but she was already feeling very comfortable with him, and she really liked feeling that way. Of course, their wild escapade under the waterfall was foremost in her mind, but that wasn't all. Kim had isolated herself so much since her break-up with Craig, and it felt good to just let loose again. And now, here in Maui, she was feeling ready to explore other possibilities, and she was intrigued by the possibility that Steve could become very important in her life. 

Finally, Kim replied to his "lucky" comment by saying, "Well, luck is a relative term, isn't it? And sometimes luck is just fate and opportunity presenting themselves."

Steve laughed and then said, "Oh my, you're getting very philosophical, aren't you?"

Chuckling a little, Kim said, "Yes, I've become a little introspective lately -- and I've realized that in life, we need to let go sometimes and follow our instincts."

Looking over at Kim, and liking what he was hearing, Steve replied, "And what are your instincts telling you now?" obviously digging a little for her innermost thoughts.

Realizing that she had walked right into this probing question, Kim asked, "So you want to know what my instincts are telling me, huh?" stalling just a little while she gathered her thoughts.

Not wanting to make her feel trapped into saying something she didn't want to divulge at this point, Steve responded, "Yes, you talked about following your instincts, and I'm wondering what instincts are saying to you right now."

Feeling a little trapped by her own rambling and drivel, Kim finally said, "Well, my instincts are telling me that you're a very nice man, and that although you are still pretty much a stranger to me, I'm very attracted to you. Of course, I can't seem to get that scene under the waterfall out of my mind. It was so erotic and intense." 

"It was very erotic and very intense, wasn't it?" Steve replied. "I've always wanted to make love to a beautiful woman under a waterfall, but I've never had the opportunity before."

Kim laughed and then said, "Ah yes, opportunity -- and maybe a little fate thrown in?"

Steve smiled, thinking that Kim was hitting very close to home right now. Fate. He had always been intrigued by that concept, and now he was starting to believe in it even more. Of course, he had also come to the conclusion that sometimes you have to nudge fate, as he was doing by coming to Maui to meet Kim. 

Deciding not to go into the whole fate thing right now with Kim, especially considering the circumstances surrounding his trip to Maui, Steve responded by saying, "Ah, yes," Steve replied, "the whole stranger thing. Funny, but I don't feel like you're a stranger to me at all." Of course, since Steve knew a lot more about Kim than she realized, in actuality, she was not much of a stranger to him. 

Looking at Steve, Kim smiled and then said, "That's true, Steve, I don't feel like you're a stranger either." 

Just then, the signs to the black beach appeared and Steve said he was going to park so they could walk to the beach. 

As Steve parked the car and turned off the engine, he sat there for a second, looking over at Kim. Feeling incredibly good to be there with her, Steve thought again not only about how beautiful she was, but also what great company she was. "Beautiful and a great personality," he thought, "quite a combination." And besides that, there seemed to be quite a bit of chemistry between them, something that was very apparent when they made love under the waterfall. 

Kim looked over at Steve, and noticing his pensive mood, said, "You seem to be very deep in thought."

Nudging Steve out of an almost trance-like state, Kim's voice seemed almost like an illusion. And of course, Steve also thought that it was like a dream finally being here with her, and he was drinking in every moment of their day together, savoring and cherishing every second of his time with her. 

Finally, Steve said, "I was just thinking how great this day has been so far -- and how great it is being out here with you," as he leaned in to kiss her. 

As their lips met, they both immediately felt the chemistry and electricity between them again -- and as the kiss intensified, Kim felt herself being lifted off the earth again and flung into orbit once more. 

Pausing for a moment, Steve finally said, "Well, what do you say we go explore some more? You're going to love the black beach."

"Ok," Kim replied, as Steve got out of the car and opened Kim's door for her. Then they began walking hand-in-hand toward the beach.

As they approached the beach, Kim was amazed by how striking the black sand looked against the scenery and ocean. It was almost like being on a different planet, and she was stunned by how unusual it all looked. The cliffs, the sand and the ocean all came together to form a unique picture -- one like she had never seen before. 

Walking slightly away from Steve, Kim knelt down and took some of the sand in her hand, noticing that it was slightly more coarse than white sand, but that it was not gravelly at all. Then she sat down in the sand, and stared at the scene before her for a few moments. 

At that point, Steve walked over and sat down in the sand next to her, taking her hand in his as they both just stared at the scene before them. Finally, Kim said, "Wow, this is absolutely beautiful. I've never seen anything like this before."

Smiling knowingly, Steve replied, "Yes, it is beautiful, isn't it? So different from what people are used to seeing."

Sitting there in the beach holding hands, Steve and Kim were both very happy and felt very comfortable together. Maui was turning out to be quite an adventure for both of them, and neither one of them could believe what was happening between them. The sparks and chemistry stirring between them were becoming very intense, and they were both enjoying that aspect of the day very much. Of course, they were also enjoying seeing the scenery together. 

Looking over at Steve, Kim just smiled and squeezed his hand. Steve looked back at her, and then scooted a little closer to her and put his arm around her shoulder. In silence, they sat there on the beach for several minutes, just enjoying the beautiful scenery and being together.

Finally, Steve stood up, grabbed Kim by the hand, and started leading her closer toward the ocean. "Come on," he said, "let's go in the ocean."

Kim hesitated, and then said, "But we'll get our clothes wet." 

Steve looked over at her -- and then, before he could say anything, Kim started running toward the water and threw herself into the ocean. Laughing, as she splashed playfully, Kim said, "Oh, well -- I guess my clothes are wet." Of course, that wasn't the only thing that was wet.

Laughing, Steve stood there on the beach for a moment or two -- and then he ran into the ocean as well. Throwing himself into the water, he came up laughing, telling Kim that she had surprised him. He thought she was going to be timid and not want to get her clothes wet, but she had fooled him. 

As Kim bobbed up and down in the water, jumping to take a wave, she laughed and said, "Well, for a second there, I was trying to decide if I wanted to be a party-pooper or just throw caution to the wind. And then I decided, what the heck."

Nodding, Steve laughed again, and then said, "Yes, I think that should be our motto while we're in Maui -- what the heck!!"

"Good plan," Kim replied, laughing lightly as she continued to bob up and down in the ocean. "After all, you only live once, right?"

Steve smiled knowingly, and then said, "Yes, I agree -- you only live once, so you should go for the gusto." Of course, in his mind, he was also thinking that he was glad he had "gone for the gusto" when he planned this trip around Kim's itinerary. Now, if he could only get up the nerve to tell her the whole story. Little did he know that Craig had already tried to tell her, but she hadn't believed him. 

Steve and Kim stayed out there in the ocean for quite a while, enjoying the fresh water and the scenery. As Kim looked toward the shore, she was still amazed at how strikingly different the scenery was here with the black sand and the lava cliffs. And then she realized just how happy and peaceful she felt -- and also realized that she hadn't thought about Craig for quite a while now. And that thought made her very happy, too. 

At this point, it was getting later into the afternoon, and Steve wanted to take Kim to the Seven Sacred Pools still. But he was having so much fun out there in the ocean with Kim that he didn't want to interrupt the moment. Thinking that they should stay there in the ocean for a while longer, he decided that being at the Seven Sacred Pools at sunset would be a beautiful experience, so he then became less worried about the time. Of course, he was on vacation in Maui with a beautiful woman, one who he had wanted to meet and spend time with for quite a while now, so the last thing he wanted to do was worry about time and being places. 

With Steve very deep in thought, he was suddenly brought back to reality when he heard Kim gasp and exclaim, "Oh, Steve -- look at the dolphins!!" 

Steve looked over and saw three dolphins there in the ocean, swimming along, and then jumping in unison. It looked almost surreal, and Kim was obviously elated by the sight.

"Aren't they incredible?" she exclaimed. "I just love dolphins -- they are so beautiful," thinking that this was an amazing addition to her trip to Maui, being there in the ocean with Steve and three dolphins -- and that it couldn't get much better than that.
