 As Steve and Kim walked across the road, hand-in-hand, Kim looked around, amazed by how incredibly green, lush and beautiful everything was here. She had wanted to come to Maui for a very long time, and now that she was here, she couldn't believe her eyes. Of course, she couldn't believe what was happening with Steve, either. Falling for a brand new man was not on her list of things to do while in Maui -- but that was the way things seemed to be going. 

As they walked, Kim kept thinking that although she didn't want to get ahead of herself emotionally, she felt a certain connection with Steve that she couldn't explain which was way beyond just the chemistry and sexual energy that was so obvious between them. It was as though they had known each other for a very long time. She didn't usually feel so comfortable with men right away like she had with Steve, and that puzzled her but also made her feel very good. After all, she thought, it had been a long time since she felt this way, and it felt great. 

Sensing how deep in thought she was, Steve looked over at Kim and squeezed her hand. Then he led her over to a rock, motioning to her to sit down. Sitting down together on the rock, he started to tell her how comfortable he felt with her, like they had an amazing connection already. Looking surprised, she said that she had been thinking that as well, saying that she didn't usually feel so at ease with men so quickly. Looking very pleased at her words, Steve simply leaned over and kissed her lightly on the lips. Then he put his arms around her and whispered in her ear, "You really are amazing, you know." Kim smiled and kissed him on the cheek, saying, "Thank you, Steve. That's very nice to hear." 

"Well, let's go do some more exploring," Steve said, as he got up and held out his hand. "This is a beautiful place, and I can't wait to show it all to you." 

With that, Kim took Steve's hand, stood up, and they walked further down the path. Then, all of a sudden, they came upon a beautiful area with several pools of water running over rocks and moss. In awe at the beauty, Kim gasped, saying how beautiful it was -- that she had seen pictures but that it was truly awe-inspiring in person. 

"This is part of Haleakala National Park, and there are actually more than seven pools," Steve told her. Continuing, Steve said, "Isn't it beautiful the way they all flow together? I just love this area." 

"Yes, it's beautiful," Kim replied, "and with the ocean as a backdrop, it's almost like a fantasyland." She had always wanted to see the Seven Sacred Pools, and being here now with Steve was simply amazing.

Steve looked over at Kim, and then said, almost wistfully, "I'll tell you what is a fantasyland, and that's being here with you." And then he thought about that wild scene back there at the waterfall -- and in the ocean. Wow, Steve thought, this has been such an amazing day -- and it isn't even over yet.

Kim blushed a little, and then said, "Well, don't you say the nicest things," thinking that Steve could even say a corny line like that and not sound insincere. A true gift. Bullshit perhaps, but it didn't sound like it, and that intrigued Kim even more. 

Continuing to walk around the pools, Steve and Kim drank in the atmosphere, both feeling euphoric in this serene place. The sound of cascading water was all around, and the blend of visual and auditory images combined to make the experience even more peaceful and calming. Soon Kim and Steve sat down on a rock, and for a few minutes, they stayed there, taking in the amazing scenery. 

After a couple of minutes, Steve looked over at Kim and said, in a mischievous tone, "Why don't we walk over there into that wooded area? It's really beautiful, and very private since not many people know it's there."

Kim smiled, and said, "Okay, that sounds very great." Of course, what immediately entered Kim's mind was what might happen in that secluded wooded area.

Steve stood up, and taking Kim by the hand, they began walking toward the area that he had described. Guiding her through a very lush, green wooded area, they walked around the pools and into the brush, all but disappearing into another world. Walking down a path in the woods for several minutes, they soon came to another beautiful waterfall. Stopping, they both looked at the scene, speechless at its beauty. 

Finally Steve broke the silence by saying, "So isn't it beautiful here?" as he looked over at Kim, who was standing there, awe-struck. 

Kim returned Steve's gaze, and then said, "Yes, it really is beautiful. I've never seen any place so incredibly lush and green, and with the waterfall, it looks like a fairyland. So tell me, Steve, just how did you find this private area?" 

Steve laughed, realizing what Kim was insinuating by her tone, and then said, "Well, I came here a few years ago and decided to hike around to see what I could find, and I came across this area. I sat down right here on that rock for a while, and then realized that no one else was coming through here, so I figured I had discovered a brand new spot. I've been here a few times since then and have never seen anyone else here, so it has remained my private place." 

"And you've never been here with anyone else?" Kim questioned, knowing that Steve would get the inference. 

Laughing, Steve said, "No, I haven't been here with anyone else, until now."

"Oh good," Kim responded, "nice to know I'm the first one to be here with you."

And then, Steve turned to Kim, took her in his arms, and began to kiss her -- and again, Kim felt like she was floating. With each kiss, each caress, she felt like she was being lifted off the earth into another world. She loved the way he made her feel, and she was feeling almost intoxicated by all that was happening. 

As Steve continued to kiss her with deeply passionate kisses that sent amazing sensations through Kim's body, his tongue entered her mouth, and as their tongues danced in each other's mouths, Kim felt as though she was going to explode. Reaching out, Kim felt Steve's hardening cock through his pants as she ran her hand up and down its entire length, over and over again.

And then Steve began feeling Kim's breasts through her blouse, running his fingers over the area where her nipples were, feeling her nipples hardening under his touch. As he squeezed her nipples through her blouse, Kim gasped loudly and said, "Oh God, Steve, that feels so good. I want you to suck on my nipples, right here, right now."

And then as they began to kiss again, and as their kisses became more and more intense, Steve began to unbutton Kim's blouse. Opening her blouse, he began touching her breasts, fondling them, running his hands over her hard erect nipples, and loving the way Kim responded. Taking her blouse off completely, Steve began running his hands up and down her back, and as he did, he could feel himself becoming more and more enthralled with this amazingly beautiful woman who he had fantasized about for so long. 

Then Steve began licking Kim's nipples, running his tongue in circles around her hard erect nipples. Holding her breasts tightly, he squeezed them and then began sucking her nipples, pulling them into his mouth. Kim gasped in response, and as she reached down and grabbed her tits, she held them out, telling Steve to suck on them more, that it felt so good. And as he did, Kim could feel her pussy becoming hotter and wetter with each lick and suck. 

As Steve continued to suck on Kim's nipples, he reached down and unzipped her shorts, and then began rubbing her clit. It was already very swollen and erect, and as he rubbed it, Kim began to squirm, moving her hips as she began to writhe in response. 

Then, as Steve stuck one finger and then two into her hot pussy, swirling them around and feeling the wetness, Kim gasped and then said, "Oh God, baby, that feels so good." And as she gasped for air, she continued by saying, "Please don't stop. Keep finger-fucking me just like that." 

Completely overcome with the intensity of the moment, Kim stumbled, starting to lose her balance, and laughing, she said, "Oh baby, you've got me so turned on I can barely stand anymore."

Looking at her, Steve said, "Let's go sit on that rock over there," as he took her hand and they walked toward a large rock surrounded by plants and dense brush.

As she sat down, Steve kneeled in front of her, and put his fingers inside her pussy again, pushing them in and out, in and out, watching Kim's every reaction as she writhed and squirmed there on the rock. Loving watching her enjoying his touch, Steve just continued to watch her as he kept on finger-fucking her, pushing his fingers in and out of her extremely wet cunt. 

Then Steve took his fingers and pushed her lips apart, looking at the glistening pussy that was tucked neatly underneath. Just looking at it for a moment, he became mesmerized by its appearance... so pink, so beautiful, and oh so wet. Then he leaned down and licked her pussy, feeling her body tense as he licked her pussy again and again. Her juices were so sweet, and he loved the way her pussy tasted. But most of all, he loved the way her body responded as he kept licking and playing with her hot, wet pussy. 

"Steve, you're driving me wild," Kim finally said, as she watched him lick her pussy and then stick his tongue deep inside her vagina. Barely able to contain herself, she wiggled and writhed as he pushed his tongue in and out of her cunt. Then he reached up and began squeezing on her tits again, rolling her hard erect nipples between his fingers and feeling her response. More than anything, he loved how sexual and sensual Kim was, obviously enjoying immensely every moment of their extremely hot encounters. 

Then Steve unzipped his shorts and pulled out his rock-hard cock, stroking it wildly as he continued to suck on Kim's hot cunt. With each stroke of his cock and each lick on Kim's pussy, Steve moaned loudly, so turned on by what was happening between them. 

At this point, Kim was moaning loudly as well, incredibly aroused by the erotic scene in which she was participating, and loving every moment of it. Breathlessly, she told Steve, "Fuck me, baby. I need your hard stiff cock inside my wet hot pussy now."

And so Steve stood up and leaned forward, placing his cock between Kim's legs, feeling it become even harder as he pushed it toward her wet pussy. At that point, Kim grabbed his cock in her hands, and placed it right at the entrance to her pussy, looking at Steve longingly, saying, "Stick it in, baby. Fuck me deep and hard," in a seductive tone. 

"Oh, you want my hard cock inside your wet pussy, do you?" Steve responded, waiting a moment for Kim's response. "Is that what you want?"

"Oh yes, Steve, please fuck me with your hard cock," Kim responded immediately with eagerness in her eyes.

And with that, Steve pushed his cock into Kim's waiting cunt, slamming in hard and deep into the wetness. Hearing Kim gasp and feeling her body tense, Steve pulled it out slightly and then pushed it in again, deeper, harder, loving the way it felt inside Kim's wet pussy. Pushing his hard throbbing cock into Kim's pussy again and again, Steve also loved the way Kim reacted each time he slammed it inside her. She was so sexual, so sensual, so responsive, and it was such a turn-on.

"Oh God, that feels so good, baby," Kim said, in a frenzied tone, extremely turned on, and not wanting him to stop, and then adding, "I can't seem to get enough of you." Continuing to fuck her with his hard cock, Steve began to kiss her again, sticking his tongue in her mouth and swirling it around. As their tongues danced together, he felt her squeezing her hot pussy repeatedly around his hard cock. 

"Wow, that feels amazing," Steve finally said, "you've got very strong muscles down there, don't you?"

"Yes, I do," Kim replied, breathlessly, pleased that he liked feeling her pussy squeeze his cock as they fucked. "So you like the way my pussy feels squeezing your cock?"

"Oh yes, Kim, I love the way your pussy is squeezing my cock," Steve responded.

Squeezing his cock tightly again, Kim gasped, feeling an enormous climax coming on. With each squeeze and release, she felt an orgasm building even stronger inside her. 

Finally, unable to contain herself any longer, Kim began to cum, yelling out, "Oh, Steve, I'm cumming, baby," as her pussy began to contract wildly around Steve's hard cock, sending her into orbit as she writhed and squirmed under Steve's amazing touch. 

Watching Kim as she launched into an unbelievable orgasm, Steve just kept pumping her, fucking her wildly, loving the way it felt to be with such an incredibly sexy, sensual woman. And then Steve began to cum, too, yelling out loudly as his load began to empty inside Kim's hot cunt. 

As their orgasms reached their peaks and then began to subside, Kim and Steve held each other tightly, enjoying every moment of this very erotic scene. Then they both sat on the ground, laying back against the rock where they had just fucked, and closed their eyes.

After sitting there for a couple of minutes, Steve finally said, "Well, that was another amazing fuck session. You are a wild woman, Kim."

Laughing, Kim said, "Well, it takes two, you know, and you are definitely bringing out my wild side."

Steve looked over at Kim and then began to kiss her passionately, feeling an amazing sense of peace and calm come over him. Meeting Kim for real, spending time with her, and being with her sexually was turning out to be even better than he had ever imagined. 

Finally, Steve said, "How about we go back out to the other pools overlooking the ocean now. The sun is going to set soon, and I'm sure we'll see a beautiful sunset."

"Oh yes," Kim replied, "let's do that." 

With that, Steve got up and offered his hand to Kim who took it -- and they began walking out of the "private area" and back toward the main pools. 

When they reached the main pool area, Steve led Kim over to a rock where he said he had watched a sunset once before, saying that it was a very good vantage point. As Steve sat down, Kim snuggled up against him and just enjoyed the amazing view. 

Then they both looked out toward the ocean, anticipating a beautiful sunset to accentuate an incredible day. Just then, as the sun began to sink, colors began to appear throughout the sky -- varying shades of oranges, pinks and purples. Both in awe of the beauty of the sunset, they sat there on the rock, holding hands, and enjoying the show put on by Mother Nature. 

Looking over at Kim, Steve finally said, "There's nothing like an Hawaiian sunset."

"Yes, I think you may be right," Kim replied, adding that between this one and the one she had seen last night from her hotel patio, that made a total of two sunsets she had seen in Hawaii, both of them breathtaking. 

"Well, I've seen a few more than that," Steve responded, "although I slept through the one last night," adding that after he arrived at the hotel, he had laid down to take a nap and didn't awaken until quite late. 

Sitting there for a few more minutes, Steve and Kim continued to take in the view of the Seven Sacred Pools with the ocean and the sunset as a backdrop. Appearing almost surreal, Kim felt as though she was on another planet, far from civilization -- and it felt very good.

After a few more minutes, Steve turned to Kim and asked if she was ready to head back to the hotel. Saying yes, she took his hand and they walked together back to Steve's rental car. After starting the car, Steve began driving them back to the hotel. Driving along in silence for quite a while, Steve looked over at Kim and smiled broadly. Reaching out, he took her hand in his and just continued to smile at her. She returned the smile, and they continued to drive along in silence.

When they got back to the hotel, Steve parked the car and then walked around to open Kim's door. As she stepped out, she looked up at him and said, "Steve, this really has been a magnificent day. I can't think of any other way I would have wanted to have spent my first day in Maui than with you."

As Steve and Kim walked toward the lobby of the hotel together, Steve started thinking that he didn't want this day to end quite yet, so he decided to go out on a limb again.

Looking over at her, Steve said, "So Kim, after we rest a little bit, do you want to meet for dinner?"

"Yes, Steve, I'd like that," Kim responded. 

Looking pleased, Steve said, "Great, why don't we meet here in the lobby in an hour and a half?

"Ok, that sounds good," Kim replied, and then added, "So since it's 7:00 pm now, we'll meet here at 8:30 pm."

Steve laughed and then said, "So she's hot, beautiful, and a math wizard," deciding to tease Kim a little bit. 

"Very funny," Kim replied, "but it's nice to know you think I'm hot and beautiful."

"Oh, yes, you certainly are," Steve replied, deciding that the time was right to kiss her before they parted ways before meeting again for dinner. 

Leaning in, he kissed Kim lightly on the lips, and as their lips met, the chemistry and electricity felt even more super-charged than before, lifting them both into the stratosphere. It was obvious to both of them that the connection between them was building with each kiss, each touch, and they were both astounded by the intensity that was increasing with each passing moment. Stunned, they looked at each other and smiled -- a smile that said a thousand words. 

Before walking away, Steve decided to give Kim his cell phone number and his room number -- just in case. Asking if she had a piece of paper, Kim reached into her purse and pulled out a piece of paper that she didn't recognize. It was folded up with her name written on the front and had a string attached. With trepidation, she followed the string inside her purse and saw that it was attached to a little black box. 

Obviously, Steve noticed Kim's startled look and said, "Is everything okay?"

"Yes, I'm fine," Kim responded, as she put the folded piece of paper back in her purse and looked through her purse for another piece of paper and a pencil. Pulling these items out of her purse, she said, "Okay, so what's your cell and room number?"

After giving her the info, Steve stood there for a moment, and then said, "Well, let's go to our rooms now and freshen up, and I'll see you here at 8:30 pm, okay?"

"OK, see you then," Kim responded. 

And with that, Steve turned and began walking toward his room. Of course, he was a little puzzled by what had happened when Kim had looked in her purse, and he couldn't help but wonder what she had seen in there that had obviously startled her. 

Kim stood there in the lobby of the hotel for a moment, watching Steve walk away. Then she reached into her purse and pulled out the note and the little black box, holding them in her hand as she began to walk toward her room. When she reached the elevator, she pushed the button and then just stared at the note and the little black box, still not wanting to open either one. 

When Kim got to her room, she sat on her bed for a moment with the note and black box still in her hand. And then she decided to open the black box and found her engagement ring inside, the one she had thrown at Craig the day when she found him in bed with that 18-year-old girl from up the hall. Then she opened up the note, she began to read:

"My dearest Kim: By now, you're probably on the plane to Maui. As I'm sure you know, I am still very upset about our break-up. I still love you, Kim. I still think about you all the time -- every day is filled with endless thoughts of you. I miss you in my life, in my arms, and in my bed. I miss seeing you every day, waking up to your beautiful smile, and going to sleep next to you. I miss holding you, kissing you, and making love to you. Part of me still clings to the hope that you will forgive me someday, and that we can be together again. That's the only thing that keeps me going, day after day. But the other part of me realizes that I messed up so bad that you will probably never forgive me -- and although it's hard for me to admit that to myself, I know I must face the facts. 
