 This is the first in a series revolving around the characters in the fictitious town of Chastened, Florida, located somewhere between Bradenton and Sarasota. This chapter offers several vignettes or samples. One can start at any point in the series as it does not strive for continuity. There will be plenty of sex amid the various relationships, which I hope will hold your interest. Some chapters are illustrated. Email for copies of same. PW

Chapter 1

A Chastened Sampler

It was a Friday, a week before the opening night of Cabaret. The girls were taking a break in the green room where performers and crew can eat or relax. As usual Mary, always the actress, although a dancer in this production, was regaling the lead female, Erin Lunceford, AKA Sally Bowles and Julie Jefferson, another dancer with the latest on her current boyfriend.

"We're done," she said flatly. "I told Madison that he asked for her number. I just wasn't psyched to assist this match, but the only thing more pathetic than girls mooning over uninterested guys are girls who sabotage other girls, even annoying ones, as part of some futile intra-sex competition. 

As usual, Madison spent several minutes obsessing over tan lines and diet. She's bowstring-thin with auburn highlights ... and don't remind me Julie, I know Vaughn has this redhead fixation, but she's no Firecrotch. This is a girl whose last boyfriend told me she wouldn't scratch or massage his back because it would ruin her manicure. So let Vaughn have her and her listless leg-spreading."

Mary threw her hands in the air to emphasize her next line. "Madison said, 'Mary's sloppy seconds? Hmm, I don't know if I like his nose.' Which kills me because I love his nose and can think of plenty of places for it."

She sighed adding to her little drama. "But I left Vaughn's number with Madison before hanging up; fuck it, the bimbo can call him if she realizes her awesome luck."

Mary looked directly at her two friends before continuing. "Anyway, I've hooked up with Wade again."

Julie caught Erin's eye and arched an eyebrow. Erin stifled a giggle, truly enjoying her moment with the two women.

Mary went on. "Would you believe ... I don't know why I didn't tell you this sooner, Julie, but Wade called from Club Med last Tuesday!"

Julie nudged Erin in the ribs with her elbow, as if to clue Erin in on Mary's next line.

"I wanted to hear your voice," he said, and to make plans for Friday the day after I return." The shit reduced me to useless puddle of sap. I veered from toe-curling sex fantasies to sugary mental pix of couple hood and back again for several hours."

Julie was impressed: "You had what? One date and he's asking you out from his Club Bed vacay in the Caribbean?"

Mary beamed at the two of them. "Yeah!" she exclaimed and smacked her lips.

"Jesus, Mary," Julie said sarcastically, "If Wade had any more nerve; he could give my clitoris a run for its money."

Mary ignored the remark and continued on with her tale of the day. "So there I am, all buoyed up on Thursday 'cause we're gonna meet in like in less than 24 hours, ya know?"

"I'm feeling minimal pain when I practically mowed Vaughn down in the corridor. He began yapping about Madison again. So I bluntly informed him I'd already given Madison his number, told him the ball's in her court. Vaughn tried to conceal his telltale face-fall and asked if I wanted to grab a latte somewhere. Told him I was on my way to meet a guy for dinner (never mind that it was my dad). I've no use for Madison's "sloppy seconds," to borrow the charming girl's phrase. Let Vaughn find some other consolation thighs."

"Ya know," Mary opined reflectively, "I should really focus on my lines today, but I just left Wade, who by the way, is cooked to a crisp from the Caribbean sun. So I'm decompressing. 

Last night he accompanied me to a photo exhibit I was dying to see, which scored major points because he's no culture-vulture and simply wanted to make me happy. There was one mortifying moment, though: There we were, standing before a black-and-white, bird's-eye-view nude photo of the artist's lover, her face and breasts and tummy emerging proudly from the shadowy bed sheets. 

Wade's behind me, his fingers tangled in the hair at the nape of my neck, when he remarked, at full volume: "She's not that hot."

"Christ, he wasn't even being ironic - he was dead serious! Everyone, including the gallery owner, shot us a look like we were beyond contempt, and I don't blame them. I mean, he's a professional photographer but probably thinks the Mona Lisa has a dingy complexion. 

I know I sound like I'm unfairly harshing on the guy, but the incident underscored how disturbingly hung up on appearances he is. I mean, before that we watched some roller blader's in the park, and Wade kept pointing out how this one had PMS -- premature mammary sag -- or how that one was packing the spandex with too much gut. He finally became so obnoxious that I told him I hoped he wasn't spending this much energy secretly denouncing my flaws. 

He said I had nothing to worry about, because I'm as serious a gym rat as he is. Glad he wasn't around a few years ago when I had my bout of exercise bulimia---his comments would've really cranked up my craziness."

"Anyway, after the gallery, we go to Wade's place, and while we're fooling around shirtless, Wade interrupts the proceedings to ask if I think he's gotten more ripped over the past few weeks. I told him I hadn't noticed, and when I explained that I didn't feel ready to let things go any further tonight, he immediately hopped up to mix himself a protein drink. 

Oh, yeah, guy, if I'm not going for the mattress-springing, it must be because your lat's can't cut glass yet!"

Erin was sure Mary had more to offer, but the choreographer waved them back with the other dancers and ran them through their paces three times in rapid succession.

Erin, having finished working on the arrangement of one of her songs, wondered if they were feeling a time crunch here. Julie sauntered over to stand alongside Erin as the others dance number wound down.

"I swear I'm gonna need oxygen after this number if we do it one more time."

"Tell me about it," Erin offered, by now feeling accepted by everyone in the cast. Although she suspected there were several cast members who didn't like her one iota. Erin readily accepted that as part of being in the "Biz," as she was wont to say these days. 

She had found she had time and help from various members of the production team as well as the director to explore the inner dynamics and relationships between the characters. But the writing was so good that most of Erin's scenes didn't require that much work in order for them to be effective. But she worked through them just the same, sometimes finding it a little tedious; but more often finishing the day with a feeling of exhilaration at having improved her performance level another notch.

The entire cast was now working at a collective rhythm. Erin found it a little odd, but very reassuring. She had learned from Kathrine, who had proven to be a sensational Fräulein Schneider; that sometimes that moment never materializes, and having attained it augured well for the musical when it opened.

Maddy & Red

Madison Williams was in no need of some guy's number at the moment. Eric, better known as Red because of the flaming red hair adorning his head, was filling that purpose very well indeed. 

Madison sat on her shins, straddling his thighs, and during the many kisses being exchanged, sucked his bottom lip softly along with his tongue. 

The only article of clothing between the two of them was Red's necktie, which Madison wore in a loose knot; the end reached to the point where her tan line vanished and her bikini line appeared. His hands smoothed over her back and shoulders while she stood stock still holding the tie with both hands until she sat down on the sofa to put them both in better position for what she wanted to follow. 

Occasionally, Maddy, as the redhead was known to friends gripped his cock, but most of the time she was content to touch only above the waist. They may have remained nearly naked on the sofa making out for close to half an hour — she was in no hurry to stop.

Eventually they moved to the bed. Red lay on his back; Maddy assumed the prone position over his chest with both legs stretching in the bay between his. As Maddy writhed under his kisses, she managed to drag her labia over his abdomen. Red's hand on her leg opened up her thighs and fingered her pussy and the kisses continued without pause.

Before she took his cock into her mouth, the flat of her tongue swabbed its underside and his balls.

Five long, groan filled minutes later, the lithe Miss Madison Williams, on hands and knees, lowered herself onto the splendidly rigid penis striving to reach the ceiling, and 'Big' Red as she was now calling him, fucked her from below.

In her mind's eye, Maddy envisioned herself as a tiny thing clinging to a big red haired man, clenching his shoulders with both hands; his cock with her cunt, while constantly spewing filthy words in an effort to get him humping harder and faster.

When he tired he wrapped his arms round her back and held her down while his cock was firmly embedded in her. The tip of his index finger found its way into her asshole and wiggled in to the knuckle; Maddy squealed happily. She loved liked being full front and back.

Later, he took her with both feet in the air. His body slammed onto hers from a height, and he used the sinews in his arms to lift his weight off her as he withdrew.

Still later, he fucked her again, this time doggy fashion, with Maddy's calves extended beneath the arch of his thighs. He gripped her hips and powered his cock into her pussy, the glans prodding muscles and membranes far in the interior as the balls slapped her body with a loud clap.

They changed position slightly so that Maddy lay on her side in a bend, and Red fucked her from behind, slowly and softly. The penetration was less deep than before, but Maddy's cunt felt more stretched out as the shaft slid against the walls in a molto adagio tempo.

Facing away, facing his feet, she watched them in the mirror on the wall. His cock had a long silhouette and a rounded edge. She balanced herself on top, and made an unhurried descent with the muscles of her vagina compressing around the shaft. Red held her by the hips, and raised and lowered Maddy over his.

The first time she came, Maddy stood on the floor, bowing at the waist. Her hand gripped the side of the bed. Red had one hand in her hair, and he hauled her backward by the thigh against his pelvis, which drove the other way, improbably fast, impossibly hard.

Somewhere in between — Maddy no longer remembered precisely when — Red folded her legs open and sucked her pussy. The cream from Maddy's cunt had left his condom white. Holding a hand and a breast, he lapped the same wetness from her juicy folds.

The remaining fucks had a similar shape: they constantly changed position, each seeking to experience their partner in every conceivable manner; desperate to enjoy the totality of the experience, to make it last. 

Maddy never gave a single, solitary thought to Mary Jones, her so-called best friend, who earlier that same evening had referred to Maddy as a listless leg-spreader, and no Firecrotch.

But the auburn haired Madison had cum seven times under the artful fucking of her red-haired lover. She would have trouble walking the next day and when asked, Mary would be the one to do so, would say her period had arrived early, and leave it at that. 

She would keep Red to herself as long as possible. That would be about ten days in Chastened.

The Newlin's on Board the Hoar's Nook 

Marcie could hear the crowd noise from The Quay Club building and it was only 7:15. Marcie and her husband, Mark—the Newlin's, resided on a houseboat in Katy's Marina, which was located at the foot of Seminole Landing. 

Marcie loved the houseboat despite its seeming confined space. The Hoar's Nook was a name she hoped to change, but other than a few minor details like draperies and restocking the dinnerware, she loved everything about it. 

The boat was only 56 feet in length, somewhat less than most, and just 15 feet wide, which didn't leave much room to rearrange anything. But there were two fairly spacious bedrooms and one and a half baths. More importantly, it was affordable. Her only regret was that there was no room for a piano, an instrument she played professionally, but she was able to practice on a smaller, lap sized version, and that satisfied her for the time being.

Just then, she was selecting her outfit for the party they were attending later that night. Marcie picked the 'special Maid's outfit' just to tease him and held it up to the window and stared at the motes floating in a shaft of sunlight and thought about being free like them. But they're only dusty motes, she thought and returned to thinking about the 'outfit'. 

She'd told him once she had bought it on a whim, thought about wearing it to a party, but then chickened out and settled on something slightly longer, slightly less daring. It was daring. Enough so that some people would use other, less kind, descriptive terms. The black skirt ended just fractions of an inch below the smile of her ass cheeks---and that was when she stood straight on her smooth, toned legs.

The first time she saw herself in a full-length mirror Marcie couldn't imagine that bending over or sitting down would not reveal far more than polite company permitted. The waistline was also quite low, hugging her full hips. It almost looked more like a fat leather belt than a skirt.

Her top didn't help either. She had the thin black blouse with white trim unbuttoned, with the tails tied in front. This showed three things. First, it bared her midriff and confirmed that her belly was still flat and firm. Even swollen with growing child, it had sparked no end of lust in Mark. 

Six months after the blessed event, only she and Mark could see any real difference. Her husband found the few lasting changes even sexier and did his best to show her that. Second, the way the fabric of the blouse was filled showed that their child continued to make Marcie's already gorgeous breasts truly breathtaking orbs. Third, said breasts were at the moment unrestrained (and only partially hidden) by anything other than the nearly translucent blouse. Sandals that were basically only thin black straps barely holding wafer-like soles on her feet before twining halfway up her calves completed the ensemble.

Marcie was right about the skirt not being able to hide anything that way. Even less is hidden, she discovered if the wearer forgoes panties. 

Just then she heard the toilet in the head flush and decided to tease her man a little before they received the new sitter and left for the party. 

I love quickies, she thought, and giggled happily. Maybe it will last a little longer than just a quickie. And wouldn't that be nice! Marcie opened the dishwasher in the galley and pretended to place some dishes in it. 

Mark came into the room holding that day's newspaper and an empty glass he'd found in the head. A man of strict habits, he placed the paper under a small table and straightened up only to be stunned by the sight of his wife's slightly parted legs, through which he could easily see the lightly furred outer lips of her pussy, just visible under the black hem of her almost skirt. Her rump and thighs jiggled and shook a little as she continued leaning over fussing with the alignment of some silverware. 

He almost dropped the drinking glass he was carrying to the galley, but had the small presence of mind to put it in the sink as he moved behind her. 

Marcie was secretly pleased with his reaction and straightened up as she turned to him hiding her lower charms behind their leather cover, and innocently displaying her upper charms. She smiled, flicked a few droplets of water at him, and giggled as she disappeared in a flash of curls into the salon as they liked to call the main living area, leaving Mark with his shorts distended and staining against the force of his latest erection.

A few minutes later, Mark was bent over sorting through some old magazines in the galley when something pinched his rear end fairly hard. He flinched and hit his head on the bottom of a cabinet. Before he could curse his luck, Marcie was shushing him so as not to wake the baby then walked slowly away, hips moving invitingly as she meandered into their bedroom.

He followed her, of course, and caught up with her as she plopped down on their bed and parted her legs as if she were all alone. Mark could see everything. Her puffed up labia were full, the soft nether lips parted ever so slightly. He had seen them before, but never had they appeared so luscious, so inviting.

Marcie leaned back but did not close her legs. His gaze traveled up to her slowly rising and falling chest where her nipples clearly pressed into the thin fabric, and down again to her not so hidden secret garden as she loved calling it. There, the faint glisten of moisture along her silky slit finally pushed him into action.

With a low growl Mark fell on her, wedging a leg between hers as she innocently looked up at him with feigned surprise until his mouth found hers and then they were off and fucking.

Mark was good at it, covering a breast with one hand and rubbing and squeezing her full flesh through the sheer fabric. While the other hand slid smoothly between her thighs to cup her pussy, his middle finger pushing between the wet folds and curling into her.

Marcie gasped as their tongues began to wrestle. Mark's eyes closed as well as he felt her hands trail up his legs to his waist, find the belt and unbuckle it. Marcie moaned softly into his kisses, and sent a hand up the leg of his shorts, found his testicles and began fondling them.

Mark quickly shifted position, divested his shorts, tossed them to the deck and half naked watched his cock spring upward and then bob around as if searching for something, anything to probe.

Marcie broke their kiss. Flushed and breathing hard, she pushed his hand away from her breast so that she could lean toward him, her soft hair running down his chest and stomach as he stood bent over her. Mark's hand stayed firmly between her legs, which now opened more enticingly. His index finger pressed slowly in and out of her snug entrance, and his thumb ran up and down her furrow to graze her emerging clit.

"Oh, you are a motherfucker," she moaned happily.

"You're the only mother I want to fuck," he replied, and then let out a loud gasp of his own as he felt her hot mouth envelop his cock, followed by her delicate, yet strong fingers wrap around its base and yet others managed to cup his balls.

Mark halted all movement for a moment to relish the sensation of her hands and mouth on him. Her head bobbed once, twice, and the third time he remembered to reciprocate with my fingers in her cunt. My free hand now traced its way around her back and up towards her head. He planned on entangling his fingers in her hair, to make sure she kept on doing what she was doing but Marcie had other plans.

She pushed forward, swallowing more of his member, and in doing so nudged her head into his stomach causing Mark to lose his balance and fall backward and land hard on his ass.

In the process, his hands left her neck and pussy, and yanked his dick from her suctioning mouth. That proved rather painful and he let out a howl of distress that woke the baby.

Ever the mother, Marcie was up and running to the baby's room, but he was laughing hysterically as she did, thinking of how she would tell the girls about the mishap.
