 Chastened, Florida

By Paris Waterman

Another in the series revolving around a theatrical ensemble located in the fictitious town of Chastened, Florida. One can start at any point in the series as it does not strive for continuity. There will be plenty of sex amid the various relationships, which I hope will hold your interest. Happy Reading. PW

*****

Chapter 2

Following the Yoga Pants

My name is Nowitski, Jim Nowitski. I reside in Chastened, Florida, 'supposedly' located between Bradenton and Sarasota on Florida's west coast. Chastened is noted for its wealthy residents and less wealthy, but artistic population, some of whom this story will embrace.

I earn my living as a financial manager, and would say I live fairly well. I also enjoy participating in the local theatre group, known as the Chastened Theatre Ensemble, which during the first week of August will be performing what I hope to be a wonderfully successful production of Cabaret. 

I've been cast as one of the stars of the show by virtue of having the role of The Emcee, which along with Erin Lunceford, who is playing Sally Bowles, makes me at the very least, the co-star. We are in the second week of the production, meaning we actors are walking through the rehearsal inasmuch as we're still feeling our way into our respective roles while the stage hands, lighting crew and set designers are already well into their jobs.

Tim Lunceford, our Director, was walking me through my place(s) in the opening number, Willkommen, which takes place in the early 1930's in Berlin at the Kit Kat Klub, a very decadent cabaret during the rise of the Nazi Party. I'm in makeup on stage, my face heavily rouged and I'm wearing bright red lipstick. I've been told that my pants (currently being made by a custom tailor) will be skin-tight and that I will have a perpetual erection, courtesy of the costume department that will hopefully shock the audience. I know I was surprised to hear this announcement, I can only imagine the audience's reaction on opening night.

The others on stage with me during the opening number are the Kit Kat girl band and waitresses, AKA dancers. We've run through the number twice and Lunceford and Mallory Wainscot, our Choreographer, had just finished explaining several areas I needed to improve upon. I saw their point and agreed whole heartedly. 

Lunceford and Wainscot left me to think about their suggestions and moved on to talk with the girls in the band and dancers respectively, while I retreated to what passes for a dressing room to remove the hideous makeup from my face. 

I was still wiping the lipstick from my mouth when I saw Nora Greeson walk in. She was wearing the tightest pair of black yoga pants I'd ever seen; like it wasn't enough that she displayed most of her ample tits when she performed the big number in the current production, Sweet Charity. I banged a knee on the dressing table then hit my head on a lamp as I turned to follow her as she walked by. And yeah, I'd seen her show five times so far; she was that good.

As far as I knew she was a very capable singer and dancer who had come close to making it on Broadway, but somehow had fallen short. I didn't know the reason and was reluctant to ask her the few times we'd been together. She had the traditional dancer's build. She was short, about 5'2", with a slender, toned body and had decent sized breasts. Her hair was long and dark, and she had a lightly freckled face, emerald green eyes, and a truly dazzling smile. Her best features were her captivating eyes and mouth. Normally, I'm a breast man, but Nora's legs and ass were world class, and that's a fact, Jack.

She was carrying a pair of ballet slippers, common enough, but why, since her performance was over four hours away? Being naturally nosy, I quickly finished wiping the rest of the makeup off and with that yoga clad ass emblazoned in my brain quietly slipped out of my dressing room to follow her.

She entered a room that had a Keep Out sign painted on the door. I had always assumed it was a storage room of sorts, or perhaps contained the HVAC unit or the like. I was wrong. The door was slightly ajar ... well it was after I turned the knob and urged it open several inches so I could look inside.

It was sparsely furnished. What I could see was a ballet training bar, some gymnastic mats and minimal exercise gear. She was removing her sneakers prior to putting on the ballet slippers and I caught another glimpse of that fine derriere, as well as noticing her nipples were pierced, for they were standing out of their own volition - it wasn't that cold in the room—but the piercings made them even more pronounced.

She must have felt my stare. Women do that a lot—perhaps it goes back to pre-historic times when they were hunted for their childbearing capabilities almost the same way men went after food.

"Who's there?" Nora called out and I knew she had caught me dead to rights. I tried bluffing my way out of an embarrassing situation and half stumbled into the room. "Oh, sorry ... I—I didn't know you were using the room."

She was currently stretching; one of her legs was up against the wall in a vertical split, her camel toe was staring at me along with those beautiful emerald green eyes. I didn't or couldn't speak until that leg came down to floor level.

"Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't realize the room was being used."

"You didn't?"

"No ... I ..."

"I used a key to gain entrance to the room. Do you have one?"

"No ... I ..."

"Is your voice stuck?" she said coldly.

"No ... I'm just trying to get my lies in order."

That brought a smile to her face and the room lit up. My hopes soared.

"Why did you follow me? Are you going to rape me? If so, I should warn you I'll hurt you before you can hurt me."

"No—No, nothing like that!" I said sounding like a high school sophomore. "I was told there was some equipment here that I might use to stretch my leg muscles on. You know, for the dancing I'll be doing in Cabaret."

"I know who you are, James, and I know you're not much of a dancer. But stretching might be a good idea."

I know we haven't met formally," I said. "But I have seen your performance in Sweet Charity and let me say that you carry the entire ensemble."

Nora Greeson laughed in my face. "You are such a liar. But you have a certain vibe that I like. Was it the yoga pants that brought you here?"

"Yes and no," I said hoping honesty would help me out. "They certainly pushed me after you, but I had intentions of approaching you anyway."

"Really?" she said the skepticism dripping from her tone.

"I was!" I said, allowing my hurt feelings to show in my voice. (We were both actors after all.)

"I was going to ask you out, but hadn't had the opportunity."

That got me a genuine smile. "So you're not just chasing after my fine ass?"

"Well, it is a fine ass, you possess, Nora." 

We both laughed at that and just like that we were friends.

As I spoke, I took a few steps further into the room, letting the door close behind me. She half turned and glanced at her 'fine ass,' and said, "He knows my name too. I'm impressed."

I gave her my best smile and held my hands up in mock surrender.

Nora returned the smile and said, "Why don't you join me? I'll be stretching for the next few minutes. We can help one another through any difficult stretches."

"I'd be delighted," I said, as she sat on the floor with her legs extended in a horizontal split. Then bending at the hips, she leaned forward until her body made a 30-degree angle with the floor.

"I can't match that move," I said.

Nora patted the floor next to her and I sat down trying to mimic her exact positioning but failed miserably. "You're quite flexible," I muttered.

She laughed and replied: "Yeah, after years of toil and sweat, flexible at last! 

"Actually, I can go further if you'll help me. Want to see?"

I got to my knees. "How can I help?"

"Just push down on my back."

I sat down behind her, close enough to feel her body heat, and put one hand between her shoulders and the other on the small of her back. "Like this?"

"Mmmmm," she murmured softly, "Maybe a little more."

I looked in the mirrored wall of the room and saw her start to flush as I gently pushed her further down and then I could have sworn she was breathing a little harder. 

I shifted forward a bit, letting my groin graze against her ass. Nora looked back at me. "Don't be getting any ideas, James." But she smirked a bit as she said it, and wiggled her ass a bit, just enough to let me know she was interested.

"Are there other positions you have difficulty getting into by yourself?"

"Hmmm ... tempting, but I think I need more help stretching first."

"Whatever you say, Nora; I'm here to help, not hinder."

"Oh, don't go making me laugh. It will hurt in this position." Then she pushed herself up and away from me, closing her legs behind her, so that she wound up holding herself a few inches off the floor. She continued the motion, arching her back sinuously and pushing her torso up and her hips down. She clenched her ass as she went, and I was momentarily mesmerized. When I looked up, she was looking back at me with a knowing, lopsided grin. 

Of course I had an erection. Of course Nora was staring at it. 

"You know, there is another thing you could help me with," she said in a suddenly husky voice.

"And what would that be?"

"It's a hamstring stretch and abdominal exercise all at once." She said as she rolled over and lay back. "Stand by my head and catch my legs when I swing them up. Then you kinda push them back down. Understand?"

"Catch legs—push them back down. Yeah, I got it."

I stood up and walked around her, I rearranged things so that my cock was running down my right leg, making my erection even more pronounced. Nora's eyes went right where I expected and I heard her breath catch for a brief moment when she saw my equipment twitch. 

"Ready when you are," I said.

That seemed to bring her attention back to her workout. She swung her legs up and I caught them, and then gently pushed them so she'd have to work a bit to stop before they hit the floor. Then she did it again, and this time when I caught them I took the opportunity to quickly caress her calves through her tights. After a dozen or so repetitions, she stopped and stood up. "There's one more thing I want to try," she said. "Stand right there and catch my legs again."

I remained in place as Nora backed away. In one swift motion she went into a handstand, and then kept going. I caught her ankles in midair. "Now move your hands down to my waist." I did so and as I did, she spread her legs. Her yoga pants were tight against her groin and there was no mistaking the impression of her camel toed pussy lips. 

I caught her eye in the mirror. "Now this gives me some ideas. What are you stretching in this position?" I asked.

"Nothing yet," she responded. Her voice had grown a bit huskier with need. "But I think that'll change soon." 

I began to lightly brush the fingertips up and down her inner thighs while holding her up with one hand. Then I started squeezing and rubbing her firm ass-cheeks through her yoga pants. 

"Set me down, please," she said.

Had I gone too far?

I complied, gently lowering her to the ground and descending with her. We wound up lying on the floor mat; I was between her spread legs, in something like a pushup position, supporting my weight with my arms. We locked eyes for a long moment, and then she practically threw herself at me. She wrapped her arms and legs around me and our lips met in a hungry, passionate kiss. Her sudden burst of aggressiveness caught me off guard, and she was able to sit up completely. I wound up sitting with my legs curled beneath me and Nora wrapped around me like a vine around a tree as she started kissing my neck and the hollow of my throat.

Nora continued her exploration of my body; her lips made a path from the curve of my neck to my lips and back down the other side, and her hands rubbed and squeezed my back and shoulders. I reciprocated. My hands were firmly locked on her ass, which was even firmer and well muscled than I thought it might be.

We were both breathing hard by this point, and I could feel her heart beat against my chest. Suddenly she grabbed at the hem of my t-shirt and lifted it over my chest and head then tossed it aside. 

"The pants ... lose the damn pant's I huffed as I unbuckled my belt. She rolled away, raised her legs and began peeling the yoga pants off, revealing those puffy cunt lips to me.

Within a few moments we were both nude. Nora's body was even more than I'd hoped for. The pale skin of her chest contrasted nicely with her brown hair. Her breasts were perfect in size, tipped with erect pink nipples that looked like pencil erasers, and of course, pierced by those inch long metal spikes.

She arched her back, presenting her breasts to me, and I started to kiss and lick them, pausing occasionally to nibble gently at her nipples. She moaned and ground her pelvis against mine. Then I joined her on the floor mats, kissing, groping, bodies pressed tight against one another. I wound up on my back with her on top of me. 

She took my cock in hand then and looked at it. "Christ, James-I knew you were big, but that's ridiculous." 

I grinned at her. "You know, it's your fault that I'm like this. What are you going to do about it?"

She grinned back. "I'll think of something that's for sure!" Then she left a trail of kisses from my lips and down my chest to my groin. When she got down there, she grabbed my cock and licked up and down my shaft.

"Mmmm ... yummy, where have you been hiding this--this lollipop? It's absolutely scrumptious!"

She kept licking and stroking my throbbing shaft, maintaining eye contact, and then removed it to say, "This cock of yours will come in handy for helping me stretch ... my jaw, baby!"

That said, she opened her mouth wide and started sucking me off. Her hands were a blur as she choked herself with my thick cock. Lines of drool started running down its length. Every so often, she would pull away just to catch her breath then she would gobble even more of my meat into her mouth. 

I gathered up her hair in one hand to keep it out of her face as she worked me over, using mouth and hands to bring me to the edge.

"Careful," I called out in warning that I was close to cumming.

She pulled away and still stroking me said, "Is my slutty little mouth about to get you off? You gonna fill my mouth with your load?" 

That did it. She went back down, swallowing me up, just as I erupted. My first line went right down her throat. I felt the muscles in her neck work as she swallowed around me. Then she pulled back slightly, so I would finish in her mouth. Of course, it takes a while for me to finish cumming, but she stayed with it to the end, pumping away as I pulsed ribbon after ribbon of sperm into her mouth. Her lips formed a seal around my cockhead as she sucked, vampiring every last drop out of me. When she was finished, I sank down to the mat panting and muttering some sort of gibberish in appreciation.

Nora sat back on her hunches and licked the last remnants of sperm from her lips. "Pretty good; it's been a while since I managed that big a load. You're something else. How long before you get it up again?"

"I'm a firm believer in reciprocity, Nora. In fact, it's my middle name."

"Oh, no, I appreciate it but I don't want your fingers right now. I don't even want your tongue. I want cock. I want your cock. So how long do I have to wait?"

"That's the thing, pretty lady. There's no waiting. Lookie here!" I waved my still rigid member under her nose and she yelped happily. "Sonofabitch you're still hard!"

I rose up to one knee and moved around behind her. "Ooooooo," Nora cooed, "you're gonna do me from behind?" 

"Yes I am, sweet lady," I replied and rubbed the head of my dick against her puffed up labia. She lowered her head to the mat and wiggled her ass back and forth invitingly. I spit on my hand and put it between her legs and ran my fingers across those swollen lips only to realize that she was fully prepared for me. 

I fingered her anyway and felt her squeeze them several times as a sign that she was waiting anxiously for me to perform my fucking best for her.

Withdrawing my fingers, I slapped her cunt with my cock a couple times until she whined, "C'mon ... give it to me!"

I lined up the head of my cock and entered her. She had the snuggest twat I'd ever met. Fucking her cunt was akin to fucking her ass--it was that tight.

She laughed at me and said, "It's the stretching that keeps me so fucking tight. Do you like it?"

"I love it. You're amazing!"

"Work it in there. Take your time. You won't regret it."

I heeded her advice and took it slow and steady, and eventually found myself totally impaled inside her.

"Fuuuuuuuuuck," came out as a long low moan. "You're so thick; it's almost like being fisted."

I still consider that statement the greatest complement I've ever received from a woman.

I started to hold off until she'd grown accustomed to my girth, but she didn't give me the chance. Nora suddenly moved forward, pulling herself off my cock then pushed herself back down until her incredible, firm ass pressed against my groin. 

Okay, I figured, if she's ready then game on! I slapped her ass hard, making her yelp in surprise as she pulled away from me. But I was ready and waiting when she came back and met her push with an even harder thrust of my own. Our bodies met with a slap only slightly quieter than the one I had just given her. I spanked her again, just as hard, on the other cheek. This time she didn't yelp, but began humping faster. I matched her speed and soon the small room was echoing with the sounds of our fucking. 

I kept slapping her ass, ultimately leaving it covered in red hand prints. Nora kept up an unending litany of dirty talk. "Come on, you big prick. Pound me. If I can walk out of here without shaking, then you didn't fuck me hard enough. Take me like the bitch in heat I am!"

I responded by gathering up her hair in my left hand and pulling it back into a ponytail, and then hauling her upper body off the gym mat. I pulled back far enough that she had to arch her back and bring her arms off the ground. She brought them behind her back and crossed her wrists by the small of her back. I grabbed them with my right hand and lifted slightly—not enough to cause pain, but enough to give me some leverage. She was small enough that I could comfortably hold both of her wrists in one hand. This let me start driving into her with more force. My hips pumped against her, and I pulled back with my arms on each thrust. The impact made her firm ass shake. 

"YES--YES--YES! THAT FEELS SOOO GOOD!

"You like it rough, do you?"

"Yeah ... but ..."

I managed to give her ass the hardest slap yet.

SLAP! 

"Ooooooo, that feels good, lover. Now be patient and let me do ... my ... thing!" 

The next thing I knew she had turned the tables on me by massaging my dick with her vaginal muscles. 

Let me describe it this way: Picture a wonderful handjob, then multiply it tenfold because it's not a hand doing it--but her tight vagina was slowly squeezing and releasing, and then the squeezes came a little faster, and then faster still and just when I was ready to explode--the squeezing stopped, leaving me hanging there, panting for release until I cooled down--only to begin all over again.

And it was at that point when Nora began taunting me. "Come on, stud. Fuck me. Show me how you'd make my ex-husband cry." 

That did it for me. I went wild on her, pounding away at her until I felt her cumming. I slowed down then went at her again, bringing her to the edge again, only this time I stopped just as she had with me moments earlier.
