 What a romance it has become, but more than that, what a friendship that has built between us. We have a bond that is like no other. We have our world here, in it, you are my one and only love, and although I know that you have other women in this world, when we are together, you make me feel like I am the most important one of all, as, I try to do the same with you. You are the most important one. I have many friends, but none as true as you!! 

At the beginning of our relationship, it was always made clear that we would never meet, or even talk on the phone. You love your wife, and I respect that. I would never do anything to come between your reality. Here in our world, my love for you is unconditional, to see you happy is what makes me happy.

Then one day, I have the opportunity to visit your area. I tell you this, after some discussion we decide we will meet. I will go to your house, where you feel safe that nothing will happen between us, with your wife being there and all. I knowing how much you love your wife, would not do anything to hurt you, because no matter what we are friends. 

Friends respect each other and their decisions, whether they agree or not, although I knew that my wanting you would be hard to control. I also knew I would not do anything to destroy our friendship, that was my one priority! The day arrives when I drive to Fort Worth, and after giving me directions to your house I arrive, a few minutes late, but I do arrive. 

I am not good with directions, and got a little lost. Anyhow I ring the doorbell, to see this gorgeous specimen of a man standing there before me, hardly able to contain myself, but knowing that I must. My juices flowing just at the mere sight of you. 

Holding out my hand as I say "Hi, I'm Lynn, I'm so happy to finally meet you my dearest friend." You smile that devilish grin you have, and open your arms to greet me. God, now I know I will have a hard time containing myself, but I do my best. 

You wrap your arms around me, as I hold you tight, not sure of how I will be able to control my feeling. The wetness in between my legs growing. You pull away from me and press your lips gently to my lips, a pecking kiss, and tell me that you are glad I finally arrived. That you two have been waiting for me. As I walk in and meet your wife, beautiful lady she is, and even Cosmos, the amazing poodle that shared our secret online encounters. We begin small talk, you ask about my trip, and if I had any problems getting there. I explain to you that even though your directions were excellent, my sense of direction was terrible, and I almost wound up in Kansas. 

Your wife mentions that she has errands to run, that she was sorry, but she must do these at this moment, and that she would be at least 4 hrs, asking if I could stay until she at least got back. I look at you and you shook your head in a yes motion and I agree. 

As your wife walked out the door, you suggest that we get online together. Me on your web, and you on the computer, so we do. We both go into the same chat room and start conversing with the other people in the room. Suddenly I get a whisper across the screen, someone wanting to cyber, at first, I think no way! The only man I cyber is sitting next to me, I am not going to do this. Unknown to me, you also saw it pop up on the screen, and tell me, "Lynn, go for it. I got things to do around the house, make yourself comfortable on the couch and go for it." 

Not really wanting to do this, but the wetness I feel in my love nest for you needs to be released some sort of way. Since I can't have you, I guess I will settle for this! Anyhow I can imagine its you while I do this since I have now am seeing you, I can have a better picture. The muscles of your body, the strength of your embrace...the handsomeness of your face, the beauty of your smile, the depth of your eyes, and the aroma of your scents...your voice so deep and true....this fantasy, could be almost real. So I type to this guy yeah sure why not, as we go to a private chat room and you walk out the room. 

I get comfortable on the couch. This guy starts putting words on the screen as to what he is doing to me, kissing me, as I close my eyes and imagine the feel of your lips as you gave me a kiss hello. I touch my lips, the guy writes how he takes me in his arms, as I think of your embrace when we greeted, my nipples become erect, my juices get hotter. I move my hands down to my breasts while this guy describes how he would be touching my breasts with his hands. I think again of the softness of your lips, and feeling them against my skin sucking on my nipples. The guy tells me how he will lick me up, thinking of the times we had cybered, and your words, your actions come to mind. 

My hand moves down over my body to my wetness, placing my hand to my clit and stroking it...my mind thinking of the lesson you had taught me tap, tap, tap..my fingers move down to the edge of the lips, while I continue to stroke my clit with one finger. The other hand and fingers move up and down from my clit to my ass, in a figure 8. My eyes closed as I imagine you doing all this to me, totally not paying attention to what this guy is typing on screen. My nipples are so hard from the sexual energy that is flowing through my body. My juices flowing out of me, as I feel the wetness against my fingers. I moan of pleasure as my breathing is controlled in through my nose out through my mouth, distributing my sexual energy throughout my body. 

Short strokes to my clit, as I run my fingers up and down my love nest, my hips moving up and down....caught up, in our world that you and I live in, only you in reality, are in the next room, as I fantasize about you, my fingers continuing to make the figure 8 up and down the lips to my honey pot, while my other finger strokes my clit. My wetness filling the tips of my fingers, as I move my hand up to my lips, placing my fingers to my lips, my tongue darts out and licks each one, then placing them into my mouth sucking on them. Moving my fingers downward caressing my breasts as do, and pinching the nipples slightly. Moving down to the opening of my love nest again, running my fingers up and down, my breathing begins to quicken, and I feel my body, tensing up, stroking my clit with firmer, longer strokes, moving all the sexual energy from all parts of my body... 

I hear, a soft moan coming from near me. I open my eyes to see you standing there before me. Your hardness in your hands, as my body, shakes at the sight of your loveliness. Oh god, how I want you. I look at you and smile, seeing the pleasure in your face as you have watched me caress myself. You stroking your hardness. 

I sit up on the couch, you stand there directly in front of me. Moving my head forward, I lick the tip of you hardness, swirling my tongue around the head, tasting the precum that has formed on the tip, and savoring its delicious taste. I look up at you and wink, with a little grin on my face, as I open my mouth, my tongue darts out, pressing against the small opening of the tip of your swollen head, licking up the precum that has formed, the velvety feel of my wet tongue with the warmth of it, covering the head, while one hand caresses your balls. 

Your fingers move down your shaft holding the skin down at the base, as my mouth begins taking all of you inch by inch into my mouth....sucking you, as my tongue strokes and caresses your shaft. My head moves downward on it, my hand still caressing your balls, while the other strokes my clit. Your other hand grabs the back of my head, your fingers entwine in my hair as you push my head further down on you, until your hardness fills my mouth. Feeling you deep within my throat, the warmth of my mouth all around you as my lips touch your balls, sucking your hardness, feeling you push deep into my throat, and wanting more of you. 

Your hips move back and forth, with each thrust, deeper and deeper into my throat as you push my head down on you, sucking you, tasting the juices that are emitting from you, licking around your shaft as your hardness slides in and out of my mouth...harder, faster, deeper, in and out, as you move your hips back and forth...in and out, as you feel your throbbing intensify within you, my clit swollen and wanting to release all this sexual energy all over you as I continue to stroke my clit with my fingers. My hands feeling the tightening of your balls, and I know that you are about to explode wanting to feel your heat within me. 

You pull my head from your shaft, standing me up, you turn my body around so that my knees or on the edge of the couch, with my butt to you and my hand are against the back of the couch. You rub your hardness down the crack of my butt, to the wetness, just stroking the outside with the throbbing of your glorious manhood, teasing my clit. Then you place it to the opening of my love nest, as your other hand reaches to the front around my sides, your fingers find my clit stroking it, as you push hard into me, stretching me open as your huge thick cock enters..pulling my hips back with your arms and hand thrusting your hips forward, filling me completely. So deep within me. You begin to move your hips back and forth, pulling my hips back, as I push back...deeper, and deeper, with each powerful thrust in and out of me. Your pace becomes faster and I feel my juices flowing from within me. 

All my sexual energy, moving to my wetness. The walls of my love nest tighten hard around you, feeling my walls grip your pulsating member, stroking me with your huge thick hardness, deeper and deeper, faster, and faster, harder and harder, sliding in and out, in and out...your sexual energy, about ready to explode all in me. Not being able to contain it anymore, we begin to explode. The throbbing of our love, releasing all over each other as our sexual essences combine. The hot juices of my love nest surrounding your throbbing hardness, as I feel your hot juices hitting deep within me, harder, deeper you thrust into me, in and out, as all our juices are unbridled... in and out, tightening my honey pot around your pulsating love shaft...cumming in each other so hard and intense that our bodies or shaking, and quivering. 

Our cries of pleasure surround the room, as we just stay in that position for a minute, not being able to move if we wanted to, you then bend down over me, kissing the back of my neck. I turn my face to the side and look at you smiling, as you smile back. You help me to a standing position, turning me around in front of you, placing your hands to my neck and pulling my face to yours as you give me a very hot sensual, passionate kiss, our tongues caressing massaging each others in a love duel, sucking in each others essences, our breathing combined. Our souls connected.

This is our love!!! We look into each others eyes and see into each others souls the love of this friendship, has just reached a newer higher level, the level of reality. 

We look around the room, and see that this guy that started this cyber is still in the room. Looking at the screen we can see him going oooooo baby you are so good! Wondering what is this guy talking about, I never even typed a word. Then we look at the keyboard, and you know it. COSMOS IS TYPING! Well its a dogs life now isn't it.. Oh baby.... lol... Cosmos is the amazing chatting dog!