 Catalina sat on the bed wondering what the night would hold in store for her. The excitement and anticipation mounted with each moment, as she waited for Brock to arrive. They had met on line and became chatroom lovers only months before. Now in a dark hotel room she waited.

It was a balmy night in Allentown. Brock needed a drink to relax his shaky nerves before he met the women of his dreams. She was beautiful, intelligent and very sexy. He finished his shot of bourbon and left the bar. The hotel was next door; the room number burned into his memory, "Room #8". He stood staring at the door not sure of what he would do "if." There were so many ifs! 

He turned the knob. The door opened to a darken room. Brock knew that she was there; he could smell the perfume she had told him she wore. From the other side of the room, Catalina rose to greet him. She was in awe of the silhouette standing before her, tall and lean. She greeted him in a deep sultry voice, "Good evening my love." Catalina stood there breathless as Brock approached his movement strong and masculine. Her heart pounded as he drew closer. Brock, thinking about how he had waited so long for this moment, imagining how she would feel in his arms, reached out to take her hand. He pulled her to him, taking in her scent as he embraced her in his powerful arms. The softness of her lush body molded to his firm form, melting together as though she was very much a part of him.

Taking her face in his hands, Brock bent slightly to kiss her deep and long, causing Catalina to swoon, her knees growing weak. Scooping her up, Brock carried her to the nearby bed. Gently he placed her on the bed. Catalina reached to hastily unbutton Brock's crisp linen shirt. The spicy smell he exuded permeated the night air, driving Catalina wild with passion. The need to devour him overtook her. A rush of memories of how they played on line filled her head. 

Leaning into his body, she began to remove his shirt, kissing her way down his muscular chest, with each button she undid. Licking his nipples; tasting his spicy heated flesh. Brock held her head close, guiding her head down the length of his body, needing her to release the flame that burned deep with in him. 

Brock lay back, giving Catalina full control of his body. Disrobing him piece by piece, Catalina explored his body as though she already knew every inch. Familiarizing herself with what she had played with in her mind over and over again. Releasing Brock's belt with trembling fingers, she knew he was well endowed from the description he had given her in their hours of play. Slowly, Catalina pealed down Brock's form fitting leather pants, exposing the treasure she sought. She saw man cock spring to life before her eyes -- Not quite what she had expected. To her relief, Brock's cock was not as large as she had thought. 

Leaning forward, she gently kissed the head of his cock, feeling the silky softness with her lips as she rubbed it across her full lips. Her tongue, flicking out between her lips, teased the head of Brock's cock. Wrapping her tongue around his cock, she slowly sucked it into her hot wet mouth. Catalina could hear a groan escape from Brock's throat. As his hands tangled into Catalina's long red hair, guiding his cock deep into her throat, she sucked hard on his member. Now, relaxing slightly, pushing down, Catalina let Brock's Hard Hot Cock penetrate her contracting throat. Drawing it deep into her throat, filling her hungry mouth, she sucked harder and harder. She reached up, massaging Brock's Balls, enticing them to give up his juices she so desired. 

Reaching down, Brock reluctantly took Catalina by the shoulders, lifting her up over his body and onto her back in one swift fluid movement. He could not allow her to continue to tantalize his cock the way she had been. He would have spilled his seed at any moment. Brock opened the shoestring ties that held the filmy gown to her swollen breasts -- Now heaving with the beat of her pounding heart. Like Catalina, Brock searched her body, looking for the little birthmark she had told him about. There between her breasts was the heart-shaped birthmark. Brock kisses it with a loving remembrance of his dreams of her. 

Gently he took each nipple into his mouth, suckling them hungrily. Catalina arched her back and with her hand drew Brock's head down onto her breast, loving the tingling rushing through her body, causing her juices to trickle down her thighs. A perfect triangle of pleasure rushes through her. From her tits' being seared by the heat of Brock's mouth, to her eager pussy awaiting the attention of his promising mouth. Moving from Catalina's lush breast, Brock leans up to kiss her full trembling lips, sucking on her bottom lip -- sending a thrill through Catalina's body. With a tenderness she had never known before, Brock overwhelmed her senses. She needed this dream man more than she could have thought possible. 

Brock breaks the sweetness of their kiss to assault her eager breasts again as he continues down her voluptuous but lean body. Over her belly, Brock smiles when he sees the ruby jewel so carefully placed in her navel. He remembered her telling him how one day she would dance for him. Such a sensuous dance belly-dancing is. Licking around the jewel sends shivers through her flaming body. First, nibbling and kissing his way to one side of her full round hips, he proceeds to the other, Catalina's body squirming under his searing lips. His hand wandering down to the dew of her sweet pussy -- Her body reacting to his every touch. Brock's passion for this mystery women of his dream grew ever more.

Feeling the wetness of Catalina's pussy, Brock needed to taste her sweet treasure. Sliding between her legs, pushing them apart to allow him a greater view of her secret passage, with flattened tongue Brock lapped up the length of Catalina's slit. With a delicious delight, Brock tasted the honey, remembering she had told him of the sweetness of her skin. With his tongue pushing deeper into Catalina's pussy, She moaned with such pleasure. Brock had never heard such a musical sound, increasing his ardor, so as to make her sing for him. 

Her body rolled with a wave of graceful movement under his sweet torture. She could not hold back when he attacked her clit with a hungry mouth, sucking it hard and deliberately. From deep within her soul, she could feel the waves of pleasure course through her body. From deep in her throat a sound broke through. Continuous moans, building deeper and deeper, she gave in to her orgasm. Sweet liquid spurt from her convulsing pussy as she grasped Brock's head, pressing against his tongue as he lapped and fucked her pussy, riding his face with every spasm that shot through her. 

Quickly climbing up, Brock thrust his hardened cock between her legs. Catalina's eyes shot open in surprise as she realized what had happened. A surge of bitter-sweet pain shot through her. A tear glistened on her eyelid. Her dream was now a reality. Brock would now know her secret -- He was her first. 

She had been with men before, but had only gone as far as oral sex, which she had perfected. Catalina attacked life and mastered each aspect of it. Now, Brock had given her the next passion she would master. Thrusting her hips up to meet his every stroke, the pain subsided to a rapture she could never imagine. Brock, not wanting to stop his assault on such a sweet tight pussy, could feel the sudden pop as his thrusts broke through. He suddenly realized what had happened. A mix of feelings rushed through him -- Pleasure, respect and fear. Yet, Catalina clung to him, giving herself to him. Her sweet pussy grabbing his cock, milking him of his very essence. He couldn't control himself any longer. A primal growl escaped his throat as he shot his seed deep inside of the dream he now possessed. Violent shock waves of passion wracked both their bodies, as Catalina's orgasm grew longer and stronger. Thick hot liquid oozed out around Brock's plunging cock. With one final moan in unison, they collapsed in each others arms. 

Brock raised his body up on one arm, rolling to her side. He asked, "Are you alright? Why didn't you tell me?" With one tear glistening on her cheek. She said, "I didn't want to lose the dream we shared on line, and I knew I wanted you to be my first." 

In A surprised voice he asked, "How old are you?" 

"I am 28 as I have told you." 

"Why did you wait so long?" 

Brock could faintly hear what she had to say. Rolling her head to one side, in a whisper, she said, "I was a nun up to two years ago." 

Sitting bolt upright, Brock gasps as the words shot from his lips, "A NUN?!"..At that realization, his tone softened. "A nun." 

Catalina sat up by him. "Please don't worry. This is my choice, and i needed to experience a bit of the fantasies and dreams we've shared." 

"I felt the same Catalina. I needed to share your sweet tenderness and wild imagination." Smiling shyly at her as he wrapped his arms around her. "Thank you for this gift of your sweet body."