 Mike had just finished his second lecture of the day; there was now two hour's break before his next group and to pass away the time he decided to go to the University library and search the internet for a while. He swiped himself into the library with his student card and made his way up the stairs to the second floor where the computers were. The room had over two hundred computers in it and most of them were occupied; it was quite a busy time of the day. After a few minutes of searching he finally located an available computer in one of the corners of the room. Placing his bag under the seat he sat down and logged himself onto the server.

For a while he surfed through various sites, music, film and humour mainly, but that got boring after a while. He finally decided to look for a chat room to pass the time away; after all he still had an hour and three quarters left before his next group. He found a chat site and registered himself as a guest user before waiting for the room list to come up. After a moment or so it flashed on screen and he browsed through the available categories. There was the usual, sports chat, films, and music, basically the same as everywhere else. And of course, there was the flirt room where mainly perverts hang out, pretending to be 17 year old girls and the like. After noticing the computer beside him had been recently vacated he decided to log himself into the flirt room for a laugh. It said there were fifty other people in there already so there was bound to be someone to chat to.

He chatted away aimlessly for a while, flirting with somebody called 'Sex_Kitty' who claimed to be a 21 year old waitress from London, who it really was, was anyone's guess, but Mike found it mildly amusing for a while. Just as he was getting bored and considering leaving he received a private message from a user called 'CandiApples'. He decided to respond to it, see where it went.

CandiApples: Hi there, A/S/L?

Deciding to tell the truth for a change Mike busied himself with a reply.

Funguy: Hey, I'm 19, male and I'm in Manchester.

CandiApples: Wow, no kidding?? I'm 19, female and I'm in Manchester too!

Funguy: Really? That is pretty coincidental isn't it? Where abouts are you?

To be honest, at first Mike thought that this other person was full of shit and not really in Manchester at all, he just decided to humour them for a while, to see where it went. The next reply he got however, shocked him.

CandiApples: In my University library wasting some time; how about you?

Funguy: You're not going to believe this, but I'm in the University library too.

CandiApples: No way! The one on the second floor?

Funguy: The very same

Mike had sat up to attention when he got the reply about being in the University and now sat up in his seat and scanned around the library to see if he could spot anyone doing the same right now; he was now actually beginning to believe that maybe his new chat buddy was telling the truth.

CandiApples: Wow! What a coincidence, what are you studying?

Funguy: I'm doing a Geography course, how about you?

CandiApples: Psychology.

Funguy: So, where abouts in the library are you? I've just had a scan but I couldn't see you looking around.

CandiApples: Wouldn't you like to know? As a matter of fact I saw someone scanning around a second ago, so now I know who and where you are. Not bad looking might I add.

Mike smiled a bit at this last statement, but still thought her to be bluffing about knowing where he was.

Funguy: Why thank you.

CandiApples: No problem, it is a flirt room after all.

Funguy: Indeed it is, but I still don't believe you know where I am. I think you're maybe bluffing a little.

CandiApples: Is that so? Then why do I know that you're wearing a black hooded top and you're sitting in the far corner of the room?

Funguy: Wow, I guess you do know where I am then. I'm impressed.

CandiApples: I know... I'm pretty good at this.

Funguy: So then, you obviously know what I look like, how about you; what do you look like? 

CandiApples: Well, I've got shoulder length brunette hair, I'm fairly petite, and people tell me I'm nice looking.

Funguy: That's a fairly vague description.

CandiApples: Want to know more eh? I know what you're driving at. Ok, well I have fairly tanned (all over if you get me) skin, due to the Italian blood in me.

Funguy: Wow, Italian huh? Very nice, famed for being pretty big and busty ladies.

CandiApples: Well, I don't know about big... But for a petite girl I'm pretty busty.

This was getting slightly steamier now and Mike had a quick scan around to make sure that nobody was watching before typing his reply.

Funguy: Is that so? What size are we talking?

CandiApples: Oh I'd have to say more than a handful, and they're nice and pert too.

There was always the chance that Mike was being taken for a fool by some joker in the room, and he was more that aware of that at this point. Worse still, he could be chatting to a big fat ugly bird that was moistening at the prospect of seducing this handsome, fairly well built student. He contemplated his response for a moment before returning to his typing.

Funguy: So, do you have a boyfriend?

CandiApples: Not at the moment no; I'm enjoying my single status, making the most of casual encounters if you catch my drift.

Funguy: Perfectly; so what's you're real name?

CandiApples: Why do you need to know?

Mike hesitated for quite a while before typing his next response as it was quite a cheeky one; he figured it would go one of two ways. His mysterious chat friend would either play along with it and then they would see how far it would go, or she/he/they would leave. Finally he decided to go for it and began typing.

Funguy: So I'll know who I'm masturbating over later. Lol

There was a long delay in the response to this last message and Mike thought that maybe they had left or decided to ignore him as he'd gone too far. Just as he was about to leave the room, he got a reply.

CandiApples: Hmm, very interesting prospect... But you don't even know what I physically look like. All you have so far is the description of me.

Funguy: That's all I have to go on. And anyway, you could actually turn out to be just a man fucking around for a joke, at least this way I can keep my dignity and use the mental image of what you look like.

CandiApples: Lol, you're funny, but no, I can assure you that I'm not a man and that I really do look like what I've said so far. I'm not some fat sweaty geek girl desperate to get laid. 

Mike actually laughed out loud at this and noticed that the person two computers down from him glanced up for a second in mild annoyance. The majority of the people inside the library were here to do work; you weren't actually supposed to use the computers for leisure. He reminded himself to be quieter from now on so as not to attract any unwanted attention.

CandiApples: I saw you laughing just then... You'll blow your cover if you're not careful. My name is Candice by the way. And yours?

Funguy: I'm Mike, honoured to meet you.

CandiApples: You haven't met me yet, and you still may not.

Funguy: True, true. So anyway, lets talk about you for a while. What kind of stuff are you into? You know, music and stuff.

CandiApples: This is supposed to be a flirt room Mike, those questions just don't cut it. Come on, be a man; what would you really like to know?

Mike was really getting into this now. Now it was getting steamier he decided, his member began to stiffen in his trousers as he typed his reply.

Funguy: Ok then, what turns you on Candice?

CandiApples: Oooh, that was a good one. A lot of things turn me on to be honest. But what really turns me on is talking on the internet to someone who's literally in the same room as me, teasing him, making him all hot and bothered. And knowing that all this time he has absolutely no idea who I am or what I look like. That gets me very excited.

Funguy: So I take it you're quite excited now then?

CandiApples: I'm incredibly moist at the moment. What turns you on Mike?

Funguy: Dirty talking with complete strangers over the internet kinda does it for me too, hehe.

CandiApples: This is turning you on then?

Funguy: My dick is aching for release.

It was by now literally straining at the material of his trousers, needing satisfaction. Candice had indeed woken the beast from its slumber.

CandiApples: Not yet naughty boy, you're all the same men, wanting to rush into everything. My tight little pussy isn't ready for you yet.

Funguy: Stop it... You're driving me mental

CandiApples: Would it drive you even more mental if I told you I wasn't wearing any underwear? The cold zipper of my jeans is pushing up against my clit and it feels so good.

Funguy: Do you regularly go commando?

CandiApples: Mmmmhmm, and I've cut the pocket out of my jeans so I can masturbate freely without anybody knowing.

CandiApples: I've just done it now, slipped my finger into my pocket and teased my wet pussy with my finger.

Funguy: Oh God, I can't take much more of this, I need you right now. 

He started looking around the room now frantically trying to spot Candice so he could take her off somewhere and fuck her senseless. There were so many sexy ladies in the room though that he couldn't even begin to work out where she was; she was very good at being discreet.

CandiApples: Calm it big boy, surely you can wait.

Funguy: Not much longer I can't

CandiApples: Anyway, back to me, would it please you to know that I'm shaved down below?

Funguy: Oh God.. This just gets better and better.

CandiApples: I'd love for you to taste me, right here and now... Slide your tongue into my fleshy, pink pussy. Taste my juices as I grind my clitty into your face. Ohhhh, I keep touching my swollen little clitty as I think about it.

Funguy: I'm going to fuck you so hard when I get the chance; my cock is throbbing with anticipation.

CandiApples: Mmmm, I can't wait, I'm so wet right now I can actually smell my sex in the air. Let's go do it now.

Funguy: Where abouts?

CandiApples: I'm sure we'll find somewhere, but there's no more time for talk. Log out and follow me. I'm four rows in front of you, I'll stand up in a minute. Just follow me.

And then she was logged out without another message. Mike had no choice but to do the same. He began thinking again that maybe Candice was not all she was making herself out to be and as he was logging out he had convince himself that she was going to be a fat minger. Just as he thought that however, a girl from four rows ahead stood up and made brief eye contact with him. He knew it was her immediately and without hesitation stood to follow. 

She was the picture of beauty, shoulder length brunette hair like she said, the most amazingly beautiful oval shaped face with deep brown eyes and full red lips. She wore a tight red t-shirt that emphasized her amazingly big tits; made to seem even bigger due to her small frame. As he stood and followed her out of the main room he saw what a perfectly tight ass she had and how it clung to the tight material of the denim jeans she wore. His erection throbbed painfully in his jeans as he tried to walk normally, they descended to the ground level, Mike holding a few paces back from her. They'd still not spoken in person. Candice paused at the ground floor level to make sure nobody was looking before descending another level into the off limits basement. 

Luckily nobody was around and Candice seemed to know where she was going as she set off down the corridor, her tight, round ass was all that Mike could watch. One time she glanced around just to make sure he was behind, but other than that she kept on walking a few paces ahead, still not speaking. They turned right onto another corridor and almost immediately she tried the handle of a door a few paces down the passage. Finding it unlocked she entered it and Mike assumed that he should follow.

Inside, Mike realised it was a storage cupboard for stationary and such. The door shut behind him and he turned to face Candice for the first time in person.

'Hi Mike.' She said in a throaty, seductive tone. Leaving him no time for reply she literally pounced on him, pushing him up against the wall and locking her full, red lips onto his for a passionate kiss. Mike responded equally, allowing his tongue to enter her mouth where they frantically danced around each other's, exchanging their fluids. She leapt into his arms while they kissed, wrapping her slender legs around his and pushing her crotch onto his. Her huge, firm tits pushing up against his chest. She began to grind her crotch up and down the bulge in his trousers, eliciting soft moans while they continued to passionately kiss. 

Finally the kiss broke, but they wasted no time in continuing their fun. Both hurriedly stripped themselves naked, Mike watching as Candice removed her jeans, confirming that her tight looking, shaven pussy was indeed commando style. What surprised him more was that she also wore no bra and her huge tits defied gravity naturally. He found himself drawn to her huge, pink nipples that puffed proudly erect from her gigantic globes. She looked absolutely fantastic naked, her skin tone was alluring, an all over natural tan and her skin shone. She too ran appraising eyes over Mike's muscular physique, and more importantly well endowed member, which jutted obviously forth from his groin.

No more time was wasted, both knew that if discovered, they would be in a lot of trouble, yet that just seemed to heighten the sexual anticipation for both of them. The smell of sex filled the air, a musky aromatic scent that filled Mike's lungs and made him lust for Candice's pussy. His wish was fulfilled as she backed herself off into a wall, parted her legs and motioned for him to begin. He moved over to where she was and placed his hands firmly on her tight ass cheeks, lifting her easily off the floor he moved his cock into a position where it was just a hair's breadth away from her pussy. He could feel the heat radiating from within.

'Ohhhh god, just fuck me. Fuck me hard and fuck me fast.' Candice leant in close and whispered in his ear, he pushed the head of his member past her pink lips and felt himself close to ejaculation at the feeling of her velvety flesh inside. He didn't want to get this far and blow it thought so he eased the rest of his length into her tight, wet confines more slowly. He loved the way her pussy seemed to accommodate for his member just perfectly and he managed just to fit inside of her all the way.

She began to elicit soft moans as he thrust himself in and out of her, she wrapped her bare legs around his waist, which opened her up a little more for him. Her huge breasts mashed up against his chest as he fucked her, gradually picking up the pace. There was no need for a build up, both had achieved that earlier with their internet chat. This was sheer animal lust for one another and pretty soon he was thrusting his member in and out of her lubricated vagina at a fairly upbeat tempo, causing her to moan his name out loud. Her huge tits jumped up and down on her chest and she nuzzled her face into his shoulder to muffle her moans slightly in case anyone should walk past outside. Her legs wrapped tighter around his waist and pulled him deeper inside of her so that with every thrust his balls slapped up against her flesh.

He grabbed her ass tighter and pulled her even closer in to him, really fucking her as hard as he could now. She had given up the pretence of being quiet and wailed in sheer ecstasy with every thrust. Her nails dug into his shoulders and her legs clamped tightly around his waist as she felt a powerful orgasm begin to rise from deep inside her. He lifted her clean away from the wall and began to bounce her petit frame directly up and down on his tool, pushing it deeper than she ever imagined possible. The stimulation of her clitoris in this new position was immense and the sensations intensified a hundredfold. 

Letting out an earth-shattering wail she reached her climax as Mike continued to fuck her with abandon, her juices spurted forth from her climaxing pussy and trailed down both hers and his legs. Her body shook tremendously and her huge tits jiggled and bounced on her chest with every wave of pleasure that went coursing through her body. Her eyes were screwed shut, her mouth open in a constant wail. Her fingers dug harder into his back and her pretty little toes curled as one orgasm passed into another and she continued to climax while Mike continued his relentless assault on her wet and willing cunt.

As he rode her to her third successive orgasm Mike began to feel a familiar tingling in his balls. He continued to thrust into her through another orgasm before pulling his member from her more than satisfied vagina. 'I'm gonna cum' He moaned. She took the hint and squatted before him, just so that her huge tits were level with his throbbing cock. She enveloped his member in the gap between her globes and pushed them together around it. Mike began to thrust his cock between her tits, the pussy juice acting as a lubricant.

It only took a few thrusts before Mike felt his ejaculate racing up his shaft and spilling out onto Candice's tits. He screwed his eyes shut as he began to squirt wave after wave of his seed, coating her breasts. He came so hard that his cum even splashed up onto her chin several times. She rubbed her breasts throughout, smearing his ejaculate all over her hefty mounds, making them shine. Finally spent, his manhood began to deflate. He looked down at Candice, her tits were literally covered in cum. Some deposits even trickled from her chin. She smiled up at him.

'I'm supposed to have a lesson in half an hour. What am I supposed to do about this?'

'Absolutely no idea' Mike replied, reaching for his clothes, 'but that was mind blowing.'

'Well, I'm glad you liked it,' Candice said, attempting to rub the deposits of semen into her skin, licking her fingers every now and then, tasting his cum. 'You know, I'm in the library quite a lot of the time, and I regularly use that chatroom, so maybe we'll meet again sometime.' She winked at him.

'I'm sure we will.' Mike replied, already planning on returning to the library the following day. He finished dressing and picked up his bag.

'I'll see you around then big boy.' She said after him as he opened the storeroom door, checked to see if anyone was around and left, headed for his next lesson.