 It was a Friday night in November last year, I had planned to meet the lads down town for a few beers but my plans changed when I got to the bust stop. When I walked up to the bust stop I could see two chav girls sat there drinking some kind of alcopop. I immediately didn't like them, I thought why are they wasting their life freezing their asses off drinking in a bus stop? 

The first girl was a brunette. Her hair was slicked back tight into a ponytail, she had large hooped earrings in and too much make up but despite that she had a pretty face. She was wearing a large white puffer jacket, tracksuit bottoms and boots but I knew there was a tidy little body underneath. The second girl was blonde and quite short. She wore trainers, leggings and a jumper. It was pretty cold out and almost felt sorry for her. She wasn't an ugly girl but she didn't do anything for me at all. When I stood in the bus stop they went quiet and stared at me. I lit up a cigarette while I waited for the bus.

"Give us a fag." said the brunette.

"Here we go." I thought.

"Give us a fag an' she'll suck your cock." the brunette said with a smile on her face.

"Shut the fuck up" the blonde said and pushed her friend.

It actual made me smile as I looked at the brunette and she smiled back at me. I was feeling a bit cheeky so I said "what about you, will you suck my cock for a fag? or would I have to give you a full pack?

"She'd do it for free." said the blonde.

The brunette joked "At least a full pack of fags and a bottle of wine."

I threw the girls a cig each "Come back to my house then, for a drink and a smoke. It's warmer than out here and you don't have to suck my cock. Only unless you want to." I wouldn't normally be this forward but they were just a couple of chav girls so I thought why not.

"Ya got some booze then?" the brunette asked.

I'd recently had a party at my house for my 40th and was left with a variety of drinks. "Yeah I've got wine, cider, lager I've even got some WKD's" (That's what the girls were drinking at the time) "Got a bit of weed as well if you're interested?"

The brunette was obviously the decision maker of the two. "Alright then, where do you live?"

I told them I lived a couple of minutes away and we set off back. I learned that the girls were both 18, the brunette's name was Becky and the blond was called Charlotte. When we got back we got pissed and stoned and got to know each other a bit more. I was surprised at how we all got a long considering I was twice their age and we had totally different backgrounds. I thought they were both really nice girls and it made me think about how judgmental I can be sometimes. We all had a laugh and there was a lot of flirting going on between me and Becky. It was getting late and due to tiredness, drinking and smoking too much Charlotte fell asleep. It was at this point I decided to make a move on Becky. "So if I remember correctly I was gonna get a blowjob for one fag, so what do I get for all this?" I said it jokingly but she knew I wanted something. 

She walked over to me and straddled my legs. She looked down into my eyes "Well what is it exactly that you want?"

As I looked up at her I just said "A kiss."

That was all she needed to hear as her tongue entered my mouth. She was an amazing kisser, I put one hand on her waist and the other on her ass as my erection bulged through my jeans. After a few minutes she broke off the kiss and pulled my head towards her breasts and pushed her crotch onto mine. I pulled up her vest top and hiked up her bra, releasing her small but pert breasts. I immediately took her left nipple into my mouth and swirled my tongue around. She was really enjoying my mouth on her, I could tell she was sensitive so I gave it a soft bite and it drove her wild.

She grabbed my hair and whispered "I want you to fuck me"

I lifted her off and led her by the hand to the bedroom. On the way we both noticed Charlotte still asleep in the chair and we laughed. When we got into the bedroom I pulled her vest and bra off completely and took my own shirt off. I grabbed hold of the back of her head and pulled her body next to mine as we kissed. Becky unbuckled my Jeans and pulled them to the floor. She put her hand inside my boxers and wrapped her hand around my cock. I looked into her eyes and she bit her bottom lip. I took both her nipples between fingers and thumbs and pinched them hard. 

"Oh my God!" she breathlessly whispered.

I couldn't help thinking about how wet her pussy must be and I could wait no longer. I pushed her back onto my bed. I grabbed the waist of her tracksuit bottoms and yanked them off revealing her cute tight pink panties. I could already see they were wet through. I grabbed her soft inner thighs and slowly pushed them apart and lowered my head towards her crotch. She smelt amazing as I began to kiss her pussy through her panties. After a few minutes they were almost see-through, I began flicking my tongue over her clit. I pulled her panties to the side and plunged my tongue deep within her. She tasted so sweet I could of stayed down there for hours but my cock was aching. 

I began to peel her panties down and pulled my boxers off. I crawled on top of her, my cock was inches away from her warm wet pussy. I still had her panties in my hand and I raised them up to her face and held them against her mouth. She breathed in her scent and her tongue hooked the panties into her mouth. As she did this my cock slowly entered her. I nearly came straight away, it was the tightest pussy I'd ever experienced, it was a good job it was so wet. I thrusted slow and strong as she moaned through the panties in her gritted teeth. 

I removed the panties from her mouth as I wanted to kiss her. Both our mouths now tasted of her sweet pussy as our tongues mixed together. I spun her round so that she was on top of me. I grabbed her ass cheeks with both hands and pulled them gently apart as she began to ride my cock as if she was possessed. I slowly crept my middle finger closer to her tight hole and as soon as I touched it she stuck her ass out onto my finger and it entered her. This made her fuck harder and faster.

"You know how to fuck don't you?" she said.

"Come here" I ordered. She leaned close to me and with my free hand I pulled her neck down towards me and put my thumb gently on her throat. She closed her eyes in pleasure as I fucked her as hard as I could. I could last no longer and shot my load deep inside her.

I collapsed back from exhaustion. Becky slowly got off me and as she did the cum leaked out of her and onto my cock. She laid at the side of me and looked at my cock and smiled. She traced a finger from the bottom of my shaft to the top so that her finger was covered in cum. She put the finger in front of her mouth and licked it clean. She began to kiss me with her cum covered tongue and as she did I stuck two fingers inside her. I pulled my cum covered fingers out of her and offered them to her greedy mouth. She stuck her tongue out and I plunged them into her mouth. I was impressed with how kinky she was "You're a naughty little slut aren't you?"

She looked into my eyes and smiled as she pulled my cleaned fingers out of her mouth. 

"maybe I am" she said.