 The leaves had already started to turn and were falling from the branches of the trees around the park. The sun peeked out from behind a cloud and shed its last light on the river flowing peacefully by in front of the bench on the hillside. There was still enough warmth in the atmosphere that the cool breeze floating over from the bridge felt pleasant in the evening air.

Paula paced back and forth as she looked down at her phone. Five-thirty was the agreed upon time and it was already ten minutes past. Maybe he had gotten here early and when she wasn't here, decided to leave. She wouldn't blame him but she had worked all day and when they had decided on a time she was so excited to finally meet him that she hadn't thought about how little time that left her to go home and change after work. She was glad she did though, she felt so much better now that she had showered and put on different clothes. She loved the pattern on her new black and white blouse and she especially liked the way it hugged her breasts and showed off her cleavage. 

I sat down on the bench, popped the cork on the bottle and started pouring wine into one of the two glasses. I had specifically said the bench right down the hill from the Haley House tavern, the one at the top of the hill, not the one closest to the bridge. However, I was enjoying watching Paula pacing back and forth, nervously checking the time on her watch and wondering if it was too late. I slipped the bottle under my arm and took a glass in each of my hands and walked down the hill towards her. 

"Looking for me?" I asked, as I walked over to her bench and leaned against the backrest. She stopped pacing for a moment and looked up from her phone. She smiled as I handed her one of the glasses and that made all of this worth it.

I could already tell she was a great kisser based on our conversations, most intelligent people are. You aren't born a great kisser, it's a skill that you learn and fortunately it is fairly easy to learn. It takes patience, experience, passion and most importantly confidence. Paula has plenty of each of those, at least from what I've learned about her so far.

"Thank you!" She said, as she pulled her sweater tight with one hand and tasted the peach moscato with the other. 

She leaned against the bench next to me and before we even spoke there was this sudden feeling of comfort and recognition like we were already friends and understood each other on a soul level. The wine went down smoothly and the conversation shifted easily from the weather and small talk, to work, hobbies and eventually sex.

I was pretty sure that Paula was a master at giving blow jobs as well. She wasn't intimidated by me at all, she always looked into my eyes even when she wasn't exactly sure of herself. She never hid from any of the questions I asked her, when I moved toward her she didn't scoot away like someone would if they had their defenses up and when I put my hands on her cheeks, closed my eyes, and pulled her to me, she kissed me first. Then she reached down through my pants into my underwear and grabbed my cock. 

"Your place or mine?" She asked.

When we got back to my place I was hoping that we would start right back where we left off. That she would walk in the door and shove her hand right back down my pants but that wasn't the case, she wanted the tour. I've already mentioned how smart Paula is and this would give her a chance to see how important cleanliness is to me while she checks out my kitchen, bathroom and laundry room. She can tell who and what I care about and love by the pictures scattered around my place and ultimately she can tell just what kind of man I am by checking out my ass as she trails behind me.

However, I'm was no fool either, so I made sure that after we were done examining and discussing my interior decorating skills and my love for the color red, we finished the tour smack dab in front of my king size bed. 

"Is it as comfy as it looks?" She asked.

"Even comfier." I responded, as I pushed the button on the remote to activate the playlist I've spent the last couple of days creating for this exact moment. 

"What's next, candlelight?" She asked , with a sexy smile as I helped her out of her sweater and began unbuttoning her shirt enough to catch a better view of her breasts. She grabbed the back of my head and pulled me forward into them. They were so soft and tender like a giant pillow full of vibrations attacking every single one of the pleasure sensors in my face and waking them up. I tried to pull away but she held me there. I felt like I was suffocating in them and every breath I attempted to take filled my nose with the fresh scent of her skin and of her perfume. 

I undid the button on her pants, unzipped them and let them drop to the floor. Then I slid my hand into the front of her panties. She shivered as I slipped my fingers down and let them bump against her lips. I was still attempting to fight for a solid gulp of fresh air when my fingers burst inside of her and climbed the front wall of her vagina in search of the little raspberry. I drew the tips of my fingers down and flicked back and forth against it. Paula let go of my head and her knees gave out as she moaned passionately and fell backwards onto the bed. I pulled her panties all the way off and she opened her legs exposing her pussy to me. 

I slipped out of my pants and stood over her, enjoying the thirst in her eyes. She watched my hand slide up and down my shaft as I prepared to enter her. So far from what I've observed there are two things about me that Paula really likes; I can be very sweet and sensitive. I love to kiss and cuddle. I can also take control.

I placed my hands on her knees forcing them open even further and then I climbed on top of her, teasing her by poking the tip of my dick against her clit. She shuddered uncontrollably as I slid it up and down her slit and then slipped into her tight hole and worked it back and forth gently. I could feel a calm come over her body and her eyes appeared entranced by the way I moved over and inside of her. Paula knows her body and what brings her pleasure as well as anyone I know, so when I adjusted myself so that the shaft of my cock rubbed deeply into her g-spot and sent her the first signals of orgasmic pleasure, she appeared surprised and even a bit confused. I leaned in to kiss her and sucked her lip into mine as my hands went up and covered her breasts. 

"I'm going to cum." She whispered.

Her eyes crossed, her toes curled, her spine arched and she wrapped her arms around me and pulled me closer to her. I continued to rub her insides with my cock as she exploded. I felt her juices gush over my dick and flow out of her onto the bed. I kept pumping and she kept trembling for a moment. 

"I can't take anymore." She said, as she wiggled out from underneath me with a giant smile on her face. I settled in next to her with my head on her shoulder and my hand on her breast. Her body was still trembling as we laid next to each other, our bodies touching, our minds on the same wavelength. 

Soon it would be my turn. I would coax her up on her hands and knees. I would give her a couple of swats on her bottom, turn those cheeks a nice toasty red, then I would fuck her for my pleasure, hard and deep. When I was finished I would blow my hot wad all over her ass cheeks. We'd snuggle in next to each other, fall asleep, and when we woke up, we'd start all over again.