 Danielle and Gary have been married for two years. No children yet, with a big house on the outskirts of the city and plenty of married couples as neighbours. Some with children, others led a similar life style to theirs. All in all it was a typical middle class life. Work, home, dinners with friends and just time enough for hobbies. That summer was especially hot and moist. Going to work was a tragedy if you didn't own a car with air conditioning.

Danielle usually went to work after Gary, this morning though after kissing her husband goodbye she simply decided she needed a day off. A day just for herself, she didn't even let Gary know she was taking a personal day. She called her assistant and made all the arrangements.

Once she completed breakfast and her usual morning routine, she went to her bedroom, inside her closet there was a little box in which she kept all of her sex toys, sometimes she just needed a day of masturbating and thinking of all the things she never dared telling her husband about.

Her most intimate erotic fantasies.

She took her pink bunny vibrator and turned on the porn section of their cable provider. She got lost in a scene, her clit on fire, the bunny deep inside her pussy and the other hand on her nipple, tugging it gently; she was just about to increase her speed and make herself come when she heard the front door being opened and woman's laughter inside her house. She quickly turned on the television and put away her toys, grabbed her husband's t-shirt from the sofa and hid herself in the closet with her mobile prepared to call the police as the voices were approaching her bedroom. A woman's voice giggled and the man seemed to be whispering something to her as she couldn't hear the colour of his voice. There was a million questions going through her mind - should she call the police? This doesn't sound like a mere robbery, and could it actually be her husband? Could her sweet and polite Gary actually be cheating on her? No, surely that is not possible. What would she do if he did? Should she let it go on and then storm on them? Call him names? Make him leave the house? Get a divorce? Slap him? Slap her? Who is SHE? She was so caught up in her train of thought that she was caught by surprise when she saw them by the bed.

It was HIM. Gary, her loving husband Gary - kissing that woman, making her moan.

She was taking his clothes off with such speed and agenda. Going on her knees and taking his pants down, while she was still dressed.

"That's it baby...take it out. Put it in your mouth...mm see how hard you make me. Let me look at you baby, so pretty..." - Danielle couldn't believe the words that were coming from his mouth. He never ever talked that way with her. They made love. Tender, sweet love which was fine with her, except she wanted this Gary too, she wanted him to be this wild for her, not some red haired bimbo.

She couldn't help but keep staring at her taking him by the balls, licking them, licking the length of him, it really did seem like his cock was harder than usual...ready to burst with veins popping up, and that woman taking him deep inside her throat, sucking on him hard and fast...then slowing down and drooling all over him...spitting on him and keeping eye contact all the time.

"God, yes...more...suck me hard Melissa. Work that mouth...mm so good baby. You're my sweet cock sucker aren't you?" - she just nodded to him, made a moan and kept sucking him good while Danielle listened and watched with open mouth, she couldn't believe this, but the worst part was that she was getting sooo horny, she could feel her pussy leaking...she took her hand and started touching herself, touching her pussy while another woman was sucking her husband's dick. Was she insane? She didn't care at that point; she just wanted to see what would happen next.

She could hear Gary's breathing getting more and more rapid...and then he burst right in her mouth...she swallowed it all like it was a treat. Danielle never did that, she just avoided it, but now she wanted to taste it, seeing this cunt Melissa taking a little drop of semen that escaped her from the corner of her mouth and then licking it, made Danielle want to taste Gary's sperm too. She was jealous of this woman.

Gary picked her up and kissed her mouth. Slowly, he undressed her, stopping at her bra, tracing the outlines of her boobs with his fingers...putting his finger inside her bra and touching her, Melissa moaned, and Gary puller her breast out, taking her nipple in his mouth, licking it, while playing with the other, than slowly moving his hand to her panties, pulling them aside and sticking a finger inside of her.

"So wet for me...you know I like it...mm let's taste that sweet pussy..." He picked her in his arms and threw her on the bed. She immediately spread her legs for him. He kneeled on the floor and started licking her legs, moving slowly to her labia..."Yes, please...oh Gary, lick me baby, please...stick that tongue in my pussy, I wanna cum all over your face" - Melissa pleaded. By that point Danielle was soaking wet, she came hard watching her husband lick Melissa's pussy. He was so good at it, he started slow, he increased speed, than he moved to her clit, driving her crazy and holding her legs while she came all over his face, just like she begged to.

"Delicious." - Her husband said while Melissa got on her knees next to him and licked his face clean from her juices. "I do taste good, don't I?" - she said with a playful laugh.

He kissed her back, grabbed her by the waist and made her get on all fours.

"Did you do as I instructed?" - He asked her. Melissa just nodded.

"Good, now let's see how stretched your little ass is from wearing that plug all weekend...oh my, still tight enough for me to enjoy, isn't it? Now relax baby, I will own your pretty little hole today. I will stretch it real good, and fill you up...you'd like that wouldn't you?"

"Yes please...please fuck my ass Gary, make me come while your cock is in my ass."

"As you wish baby" - he said and rammed himself inside of her. It hurt, it really did, but Melissa liked it.

Danielle almost screamed out loud while watching it. She couldn't believe her eyes. He was fucking her asshole like an animal. She didn't dare say a word, or make a sound. She was still an ass virgin. They tried once but she was too scared and didn't want to try again, and here he was fucking another woman's asshole and making it seem so erotic. He was taking her hard, and making her scream with pleasure. She couldn't see his cock entering her ass from where she had been hiding but the sounds they were making was enough to drive her crazy with need. She wanted his cock in her ass. She wanted him to do this to her. She smiled to the craziness she felt, hiding in her own closet, watching her husband fuck another woman and wanting him badly. She wanted to slap herself for losing it, losing control.

She could hear them moaning even harder, she saw her husband entering her with even more speed than before; he grabbed Melissa by the hair, pulling her head back like a bitch in heat.

"Here is comes baby, I am filling you up, I want to cream your ass good." And so he did. He pulled his cock out and slapped her ass.

"Good girl. That was great Melly. I'll call you again soon. You need to get going now. My wife will be here soon."

"Thank you Gary, it was a pleasure as always. Call me soon, will you?"

They both took their clothes and went outside the room. Danielle was still too mortified to leave her hiding place; she didn't know what to do. She just stood there in shock, she could hear the front door closing, and then she heard footsteps again. "Oh my God" she thought to herself "How am I ever going to get out of here if he comes back now?!?!" she could feel herself panic. How would she explain to him why she stayed hidden in the closet and watched him screw another? Before she could say anything, he entered the room.

"I know you're in there Danielle. You can come out now." - He said while he sat on the bed, his eyes directed to the closet. "Your assistant was so worried for you, she immediately called me to check up on you. "

Danielle could feel her legs trembling. She slowly opened the door and stepped outside. All she had on was his t-shirt. Her eyes were filled with shock and anticipation. He had a look in his eyes she never saw before. He was like a predator watching her intently.

"Did you like what you saw?" - He asked her. She couldn't open her mouth; no words came out of her. She just nodded shyly. 

"Come here" - he commanded and so she did. She stood right before him. He took his hand and trailed one finger underneath the edge of the shirt, to her pussy lips, spreading them and checking to see how wet was she.

"Aaah, you are soaking wet Danielle. You enjoyed that a lot. Good, I'm glad. Now you can show me just how much you enjoyed that!" - he said and grabbed her hair, pulling her into his lap. He was still hard she noticed. Did she do that? He started rubbing himself on her. "Tell me what you want Danielle, or you are not going to get it." - his hands were kneading her ass, her breasts, he started kissing her, and she could still taste Melissa on his tongue.

"Gary, I...I..."

"Say it or I'm going to leave you like this...horny, confused, and wet."

"I can't. I mean I can...but it's you. You just cheated on me and I...I don't know...this...is too much for me".

"Jealous, are we? Your body sure has a tongue of its own." - He started stroking her asshole, he found her little hole and his finger was there, poking her, trying to get inside.

"Stop it. Stop it...Gaarry...I...this is madness, fine I want your cock inside of me. There I said it. I want everything she got. I want it. Why can't I have that?" - She asked with a tremor in her voice. He started smiling.

"Oh you're going to get all of that my dear, sweet wife. All that and so much more that I have in store for you. I've been waiting for this for a long time. I won't wait a second more" He said and entered her pussy in one long motion, filling her up, catching her by surprise, making her head fall back from shock and enjoyment.

"I'll fuck your sweet pussy like I want to, whenever I want to, your ass too. I will fill you up in every hole over and over again until you beg me to stop." he pounded hard at her, punctuating every word with his thrusts. She was shaking wildly, she was going to come. He took her nipple in his mouth and licked and sucked at it. She was done, she came so hard, squirming on his lap, shaking to the core, filled with promises he just made. She looked at him and nodded - she wanted him. There was no going back. He smiled to her, and then she felt him coming inside of her.

"I love you" - she said. Crazy, stupid, love.