 My boss and I get along extremely well. She is terrific at training me, and I think she is tops professionally. Not only that, she is a knockout. She is feminine, shapely and easy on the eyes.

We are the same age, and have similar family situations (Spouse, kids, etc.), so our conversations often turn to "get-to-know-you" home life. Our friendship has blossomed in the six months that I've worked for her, and, even though I've had thoughts of desire for her, I know she is as off limits as am because I would never cheat on my wife and she would never cheat on her husband.

Recently, my boss and I went on a business trip to Chicago. We had adjoining rooms at a downtown hotel, one with a restroom that we had to share. After our first day of conference, the heavy snow prevented us from seeing the city. We decided to have a few drinks in the hotel bar and then call it a night. We chatted for hours, staring into each other's eyes, laughing, and imagining the possibilities. Neither of us dared breathe a word of our true thoughts.

As we rode up to our rooms in the elevator, I wanted to kiss her so badly.

When we told each other goodnight, I entered my room and watched some tube until I began to doze away. Suddenly, I heard a loud yell. I threw off the covers and ran through the bathroom into Sharon's room. 

Sharon was startled by my entrance and quickly drew the covers up over her naked body.

"What the fuck are you doing," she screamed.

As I entered, I caught a brief glimpse of Sharon pleasuring herself with a clear, bulbed sex toy.

"I, uh, er... I'm so sorry, Sharon, I, uh... I heard you scream, and I thought you were being hurt."

"Well, I'm not."

"Okay, I'm sorry."

I was so fucking embarrassed. I sulked and returned to my room. I couldn't believe how awkward that was.

During Day 2 of our seminar, neither of us spoke. We might as well have not even gone to the seminar because we couldn't focus on the speaker. All I could think about was her - her and the brief glimpse of her pleasuring herself in her hotel bed.

As the day trudged along, Sharon slipped me a note during one of the seminars. It read,

"Don't worry about last night. I know you were just worried about me. Let's forget all about it. Drinks at 7pm?"

I smiled at her.

At 7pm, we sat down again in the hotel bar. We ordered a light dinner, and the drinks kept coming. As we began to feel more comfortable, probably due to the minor buzz we both had, our conversation turned substantial.

"Don't worry about seeing me naked last night," Sharon said, "I think it's sweet that you were coming to save me."

"Yeah, uh... I, uh...don't know what to say. I was so embarrassed."

"Don't be. Did you see what I was doing?"

"...uh, yeah."

Sharon laughed, "Well, I guess it is me who should be embarrassed."

"No, no, don't be..."

"I guess I just don't get enough at home."

"Uh..., you mean..."

"Sex? Yeah, I mean, Carl and I haven't slept together in...oh, my god, I can't believe I'm telling you this."

"Uh, no... don't worry. My lips are sealed... if it makes you feel any better, Veronica and I haven't had sex in forever and a day. I have to jack off whenever I can find time alone... oh, shit, that's sick, huh? I'm sorry."

"No, it's not sick at all. Believe me, I understand. That's why I've got my own toy box. The one you saw is my favorite."

An uncomfortable silence pervaded us. We sat silently sipping our drinks and looking away. We both had one thought on our mind. Within a split-second, we both looked at each other and said in synchronicity, "I can't cheat on Carl/Veronica."

We both laughed hysterically. We were thinking the exact same thing. Our vibes were never more similar.

As the night wore on, we loosened up with each other considerably. 

"So," I boldly asked, "what do you like to do in the bedroom?"

"Well," she laughed as she answered, "I like to be in control, and I like to talk dirty. What do you like?"

"I like to be controlled and talked dirty to."

"We can't do this, you know that don't you?"

"Yes, I know, but it feels so right to imagine it."

"It sure fucking does, but we can't. Not only will we not cheat on our husbands or wives, I'm your boss. I can't have a sexual relationship with one of my employees."

"Yeah, you're right."

Around 9pm, we headed of for the elevator.

As we rode up, I said, "Last night, I wanted to kiss you so bad in this elevator."

"That's funny, because a part of me wanted you to."

We stared at each other.

"But we can't," Sharon said.

"Is kissing, cheating?"

"Yes, in my book.. if you touch me, and I let you touch me, then we're both cheating."

"No touching? Hmm, what if we have our clothes on?"

"There's no fun in that."

"Yeah, you're right. Let's call it a night."

We hugged as we both returned to our rooms.

As I watched Sports center, Sharon peeked around the bathroom door.

"Are you going to need to get in here? I'm going to be in here for awhile."

"Oh, uh, no... go ahead."

Sharon closed the door, and I heard bath water running. I also heard an electric razor. My mind raced with possibilities of what she could be shaving and washing. Soon the bath water stopped, and I heard silence from the bathroom. I turned off the television and the light and tried my damndest to fall asleep.

As I finally began to doze off, I heard a vibrating sound that was different from the electric razor.

From the bathroom, I could hear Sharon begin to breath heavy. Every now and then, she would grunt and reposition herself.

"Oh, my god," I heard her exclaim.

"Oh, fuck."

My dick raced to hardness as I realized what she was doing in the bathroom.

"Mmmmm, uhhhh, mmmmm, fuck you feel so good inside me."

I began stroking my cock.

"Come on, fuck me, Sam. Fuck me."

She had called my name. She was fucking herself and calling out my name.

"I know I'm your boss, but I want to fuck you so bad."

I immediately sprang to my feet and ran to the bathroom door. There she was, sprawled out on the sink with a steamed mirror behind her. She was now fucking herself with her clear, pink, bulbed toy. She pulled it out of herself, then put it straight back in as she looked me in the eyes. She looked down at my cock.

I walked to her to kiss her, but she stopped me.

"No, no touching. Just stroke your cock."

I stroked my cock as she masturbated herself.

"Do you want to taste my pussy?" she asked.

I was dumbfounded. I didn't know what to do.

"Taste my pussy, Sam," Sharon demanded as she pumped her pussy with her toy."

The shower steam had beaded all over her body. Everything in sight was wet. I knelt to be mouth-level with her pussy, and I made my approach.

"No! No licking. Don't touch me. Just tell me you want me."

She pounded herself harder and faster.

"Tell me!"

"I want you, Sharon. I want to eat your pussy. All I think about is burying my face inside you."

"Yes, that's it. Keep talking... Lick it."

I licked the air as she looked down at me.

"Let me see what your tongue would do to my pussy!"

On my knees, I stroked my cock faster and faster. I looked at her straight in the eyes and rubbed my tongue around my lips. She continued her onslaught deep inside her cunt.

"Oh, ahhh... God! yeah..fuck!"

In and out she went.

"I'm going to fill you up with my cock, boss," I dared.

"Yes! Yes! Fill me up...fill me up with your cock, Sam."

Sharon removed the toy from her dripping cunt and shoved it into my mouth while she rubbed her clit with her index and middle finger on her free hand. She rubbed her clit furiously and I sucked her juices from her toy as if it was the last water on earth.

"Suck my pussy. Yes! Yes! Oh, fuck! Suck my pussy harder"

I almost gagged as she pounded her toy down my throat, but I didn't. I wanted it all.

She began to erupt.

"Mmmmm, lmmmm, lmm," I moaned as she continued filling my mouth with her toy.

"Oh, you little fuck, that's it. I'm your boss, and you're making me cum. I'm going to cum for you, you little fucker..., oh!... oh, yeah... oh, goddamn! I'm cumming. I'm cum... I'm gonna, AHHHHHHHHHHHH! YES! YES! YES! Fuck my cunt! Don't let go. Fuck my cunt with your tongue.... Oh, fuck, oh, fuck, yeah."

As she quaked the loudest orgasm I had ever heard, she pulled the toy from my mouth, and said,

"God Damnit, that was great! No one has ever fucked me like that... you looked so good tasting my juices."

There I stood with my erection. I was used and confused, but I had apparently made her very happy. For that I was glad. We hadn't even touched each other, yet she had mind-fucked me beyond belief.

I turned to go into my bedroom.

"Where are you going?" she inquired.

"I, uh, um... I thought..."

"I want to watch you jerk off that big cock in the shower..."

"...but..."

"No, buts. Get in there and get to work. I want you to think about me when you cum."

I was amazed. She was turning me on so much.

"I'm your boss, and you do what I tell you to. Now, get in there and fuck yourself for me."

I jumped into the shower and the hot water rained down over me as she continued sitting across the sink lightly stroking her clit.

"What are you waiting for? Go ahead, jack that thing... yeaah, that's it... lather it up, use some shampoo."

I squirted some cheap hotel shampoo into my hand and began to lather my cock. I turned my back to the shower so that it wouldn't wash away all the lubricant. Gently I stroked.

"Faster," she said, "I want you to cum for me."

"Ah, shit," I stroked faster.

"Stroke that big hard cock for me, boy... come on."

I was jacking my cock faster and harder than I had ever thought possible.

"Let me see you shoot that cum for me!"

"Uhi, aye..., I'm going... I'm going to..., oh, fuck, I'm going to cum!"

"Say my name."

"Sharon, ahh... SHARON!... SHARON, oh, yeah, fuck my cock, Sharon... I'm cumming for you Sharon."

The cum streamed out of me into the bathtub and was quickly washed away by the shower. I turned to see Sharon biting her finger as she had stimulated herself to yet another orgasm.

"Turn around," she ordered. "Don't look at me."

I faced the shower to cleanse myself.

"Turn towards the wall, and show me your ass."

I faced the sidewall of the shower.

"Bend over and spread your cheeks."

"Huh?"

"You heard me! Spread'em."

I didn't argue as I turned away from her and exposed my most private of parts. The water continued to coat me as I heard her get off of the sink and approach.

I tried to look behind me.

"Don't look," she ordered.

I faced the wall wondering what my boss lady was going to do to me. Suddenly, I felt something hard teasing my ass. I felt a rounded object around my ass hole.

"Brace yourself."

It was her clear pink toy. It was an assplug. I placed my face and hands against the wall of rain as I felt her inserting it slowly into my ass.

"Does that feel good?"

"Yes."

She pulled it out.

"Beg me for it."

Oh, please give it to me."

I couldn't believe I wanted it.

"Ooh," she said, "that looks good going into your ass."

Her bulbous toy penetrated me. I wanted something to hold on to, but all I could do was lean against the shower wall. Sharon kneeled down, and the splash of the water off my ass splashed onto her already wet naked body. She was playing with my ass as she injected me over and over again. Sharon playfully inserted the toy deeper and deeper inside me.

"Ooh, take it all, slut... do you like my cock inside you?"

She smiled an evil grin and spanked my ass.

"Do you like my cock, I said?"

"Yes," I screamed.

"Yes, what?"

"Yes, I love your cock inside me.

"That's a good boy. Maybe you'll get employee of the month."

"Oh, yes, Sharon. Yes, I wanna be your employee of the month... just keep fucking my ass with your cock."

Since I was spent of my cum, all I could do was stand there and take her toying with my ass. Submitting to her was filling me in more ways than one.

The hot water began to dissipate, and Sharon said,

"We should probably get to bed."

Sharon inserted the assplug all the way into my ass so that the base of it was the only visible part. There I was, filled and confused. Was she really going to bed? Was I supposed to join her?

Sharon disappeared into her room, and I agilely followed.

"What are you doing in my room? Go back to your own room! I told you, we are not going to cheat. Up to now, we haven't had sex, and that's the best way to keep it."

"Oh... uh, okay." I didn't know what to say. I began to remove the plug, and was quickly met with a,

"What are you doing? I want you to keep that inside of you tonight. I want you going to bed thinking about and feeling my power in your ass."

"Yes, mam."

"Now, go to sleep, fuckboy."

I returned to my room, and tried my best to go to sleep. Being filled with my boss' cock made it very difficult, but I did eventually manage to doze off.

The next morning, I rose to freshen up before the long flight home. I wasn't sure whether my boss wanted me to continue accepting her "power" or not.

I lightly tapped on her bathroom door.

"Yes?"

"Uh, Sharon? Uh, we've got a long flight back today, and I was wondering if you wanted me to..."

"Keep it in until I tell you to take it out... Get dressed; we need to get to the airport."

I returned to my room and slid my jeans on. I was packed and ready to go when Sharon walked into the room. She was dressed in a white buttoned-down shirt with a business-like gray jacket. She also had her hair in a bun, glasses and a matching gray mini-skirt with high heels. Sharon always dressed business-like. She was the boss.

"Your a** looks good in jeans," she told me.

"Thanks."

"Do you still have my cock imbedded in your ass?"

"Heh, uh, yeah..."

"Good... that makes me hot... I wanted you know that I'm very proud of you for not cheating on your wife... We never touched, right? We wanted to, but we didn't."

"Yeah, that's about the size of it."

"And we'll never speak of this trip again, right?"

"Absolutely not."

I bent over my bed to finish packing my suitcase. Sharon approached me from behind.

"Touching you with your clothes on doesn't qualify as cheating does it?"

"Uh, no."

"Good."

With that, Sharon grabbed my hips and slammed herself into my backside. She then quickly rammed me again.

"Ah, shit!" I exclaimed as her force slammed the plug deeper inside of me. I could feel the warmth of her body through my jeans.

"Get on the bed."

I got onto the bed on all fours, and she grabbed my hips.

As she rammed me again and impaled me deeper onto "her cock", she continued, "How do you like it when I take your ass? Huh, how do you like it?"

"I love it," I promised.

"Uhh, uhh, uhh," she slammed with all her might.

"Tell me how you like for your boss to fuck you."

"I love for my boss to fuck me! I love for my boss to take me from behind."

"Yeah... take you from behind and do what?"

"Fuck my..., oh, my god... fuck my ass... just keep on fucking me just like that!"

I looked across the room into the mirror, and I could see her humping me. I wanted to be naked so bad. There I was on top of the bed on all fours with my beautiful boss pounding my ass. She looked at me in the mirror and smiled. I built up a rhythm of fucking her - me ramming my ass purposefully into her. She stood strong behind me in her high heels, and as my body wanted her force, she unbuttoned her blouse and began showing me her breasts, squeezing them together and exposing them so that I could see them.

She looked so hot. She grabbed me by the hair on the back of my head.

"I saw you looking at my tits, slut. Do you want to cum on them?"

"Oh, yes. Yes, please, Sharon," I begged.

"Say please."

"Please, please."

She continued to ravage my ass savagely as she now had her hand on my shoulder and the other grasping my hair.

"Fuck you, boy. I want you to beg me to cum."

"Please let me cum, Sharon."

"Are you going to be my little fuck toy?"

"Yes, I'll do anything for you, just please let me cum on your tits."

"Unzip you pants!"

I had been bracing myself to accept her power on all fours, but unzipping my pants was going to require using my hands. I kept my ass in the air by placing my head face down on the bed. I was now her little tripod. With my hands freed, I unzipped my pants, but it was very difficult as she continued to squeeze my hips and fuck me faster.

"Take my cock, bitch," she yelled as she fucked me good." I could swear she was trying to force the ass plug to disappear inside me.

I managed to unzip my pants, and with my cock now exposed, I begged, "May I please cum on your tits?"

"Turn over."

I rolled onto my back.

"Take those off!"

I quickly threw my jeans and underwear to the ground.

"Legs up."

Sharon stood between my legs. I looked up and admired her beautiful breasts as she pounded my ass.

"Do you like these?"

She took off her gray business jacket. As she pounded me, her breasts shook. Sharon grabbed my ankles and continued to fuck me.

"Tell me you love my cock."

"I love your cock. Please fuck me."

POUND! POUND! POUND!

"Who's the boss?"

"You are... oh, god!"

Sharon was in control.

"You're going to have to aim high if you're going to cum on my tits."

I began stroking my cock, aiming it upwards toward her jiggling breasts.

"That's it, cum for me. Tell me when you're getting ready to cum."

I stroked faster and faster as she pumped me full of her favorite toy. I looked into her eyes, and she looked coldly into mine. She mouthed the words, "CUM for me as we both worked me towards orgasm.

"Uhh, uhh... Ahh, it feels so good," I said aloud.

Silently, she mouthed again, "Cum for me."

I held the base of my cock with one hand, now, as I stroked at a rapid pace with the other. I was on the brink.

"Ooh, uh... I'm going to..., oh, shit! I think I'm going to..."

POUND! POUND! POUND! She fucked my ass like a jackhammer.

"Come on, bitch, cum for me!"

With her words, I could feel the warm eruption beginning.

"Tell me when, bitch."

POUND! POUND! POUND!

"I'm gonna, I'm gonna, here I cu..."

Just as I was about to explode toward Sharon's tits, she turned my legs toward me and kneeled onto the bed behind them to keep them bent over my head. My cock was now aimed directly at my face as I was about to cum for her.

My surprise realization was brief before it happened. Once she had me in position, I looked into her eyes, and she gleamed back at me as we both realized what was about to happen.

"Your boss is going to cum in your mouth, boy. You're mine!""

She gave me an evil grin, which was enough to send me over the submissive edge.

My load of boiling cum erupted and shot all into my mouth as I yelled in ecstasy. My yell was cut short, as I had to swallow what wasn't on my face.

Sharon laughed in curious joy as the warm cum filled my mouth and dribbled over the sides of my lips.

"That's it, boy. Taste it..., boy, you are a little, slut."

As I slowed the stroking of my cock, Sharon gave me one last POUND! She then pulled the toy out fast, which caused my cock to release another stream unexpectedly into my face.

She laughed, "Give me my toy back... I told you it was my favorite."

I felt so spent. I laughed myself at the pure adrenalin that made me feel so alive.

Oh, did I say that I REALLY like my new boss? Phew!