 I travel a lot for work. It can be fun seeing different cities and different lifestyles, but after you've seen several hundred, they all begin to look the same. And night after night sitting around hotel rooms loses it's glamour after awhile. You see the same movies on pay per view and eat the same food and life becomes routine and dull. After a long day of work in another podunk town, I come into the hotel bar and belly up to the bar. I look around the place and see her. In fact, every guy in the bar sees her. She's dressed very nicely in a very conservative skirt, blouse & jacket. Her dark hair is all business - pulled back in a pony-tail. She looks so prim and proper - like a "goody two shoes."

All of the guys are trying to buy her drinks & talk. And all of them are failing in their attempts. It seems that I'm the only one in the place, that's there to have a drink & wind down. She can overhear some of my conversation with the bartender & can tell I'm the kind of guy that enjoys a good talk. I'm not hitting on any of the women, just little chit chat with the bartender. Well, she comes over and sits down next to me. She apologizes, but says she would like to "use" me. She tells me that if the other guys see her sitting with me - they will leave her alone.

We talk & talk -- about everything & nothing. I tell her that I'm married and she says she is too and that seems to make us both feel a bit more comfortable. After telling our life stories, our discussion migrates towards sex. Just general things: turn-ons, turn-offs. It isn't erotic talk - more like a sex help show. Somewhere in the conversation, I tell her about my wife & I having "mutual masturbation" sessions. During these times, we lay in bed, with the lights on and start touching ourselves. Our goal isn't to make ourselves cum, but to do things that will make the other person cum. We aren't allowed to touch the other person (until we both orgasm and we start up the 2nd session of the night). I also tell her that when I'm on the road, I don't sleep that well & that I usually have to masturbate before I can fall a sleep. Well, we talk until past midnite & decide that the night has to end. During our conversation I have concluded that she is definitely not the "goody two shoes" that I original thought.

As we are parting, I make a comment that its good we're leaving now because "I need some time in the room to 'unwind' before I can fall asleep." She remembers from our conversation what I'm referring to. She seems amazed that I said that & turns a little red - but I can see she's trying to figure out if I'm telling the truth or making a joke. She knows I'm married, so she know I'm not expecting anything from her. While a part of her finds it kind of repulsive -- the thought of a guy sitting there with a hand full of lotion stroking his hard cock, grunting and groaning, trying to get himself off -- deep inside, there's a part of her that is excited by the thought of watching this. She asks if I'm serious? I'm not ashamed & tell her that I am totally serious. 

Now she's really intrigued and asks if she could watch me while I do it. I figure she's just teasing me, so I say "sure, come on along." She follows me to my hotel room & when we get there, she surprises me by actually going in. Well, now I'm getting nervous because I didn't really think she'd go through with this. I order a bottle of wine from room service (trying to see if she's really going to leave) but, she stays. I change out of my suit & into my pajamas (which are really just shorts & a tee shirt). 

The wine shows up & we each have some wine. Just enough to relax the situation. I'm really nervous because I've never done this in front of anyone before (except my wife) but, the wine is helping. I take off my clothes and lay back on the bed. She takes a seat in a arm chair facing me. She can see that I'm swelling up, but I'm not really hard. I start by rubbing my thighs & running my fingers all along the length of my cock and across the head. Slowly it turns into a massage, rubbing the palm of my hand on my cock and fondling my balls. Every once in while, I wrap my hand around the shaft, give it a squeeze or a few strokes. This continues for a few minutes and she notices that I'm still not getting totally hard. 

She asks if there's anything wrong. I ask her if she would mind at least taking her jacket off, because she looks like that "goody two shoes" again. It makes me feel like I'm jerking off with my sister watching. She surprises me by not only taking her jacket off, but asks if she can have one of my dress shirts. She turns her back to me and removes everything but her panties and pulls on my dress shirt. She tried to be coy by turning her back, but didn't realize that I can see her front in the room's mirror. Not a tan line on her body! She is slim but not skinny. Small pert breasts and dark brown nipples and areolas. She had not yet buttoned up the shirt and stretched her arms back to remove the pony-tail. Her hair falls down onto her shoulders and around her face as she buttons up the shirt. She looks incredibly sexy and I totally change my mind about the goody two shoes thing. She takes her seat in the chair again sitting right across from me.

I immediately get totally hard. She notices this and it gets her tingly and she can feel herself getting wet. As she watches me stroke my cock, she can't help but run her hands across her own body. I tell her" "if want to play with yourself that would be OK." I reason that my wife can't be upset, because the only difference between this and a chat room is that we're in the same room. We're still just doing this to ourselves. "My wife won't mind" I keep saying over & over to myself. I'm going to tell my wife about this, but I'm not planning on telling her we were in the same room together - that we chatted on-line. After a little more stroking, I convince her to try it. She runs her hand over her breasts and swings one of her legs over the arm of the chair. One of her hands goes inside her shirt - while the other is inching down to the top of her panties. One finger is slowing making its way under the waist band toward her moist pussy.

Watching her do this, my hand speeds up. I've stopped my massaging & lightly fingering & I am doing nothing but serious pumping. I have to slow back down & begin to squeeze my cock. It is totally swelled up and rock hard. It looks great to her but, she doesn't realize that I'm actually trying to stop myself from cumming. She can see a drop of precum oozing out of the tip. Even though I don't need anything more to make me cum, I gamble and tell her that it will really help me if I could see her pussy. That I need to see her fingers going in & out of her. She immediately obliges me and takes off her panties because this position isn't really that great for her either. Immediately the room fills with the musky smell of her pussy. I watch as she spreads her lips apart & rub her fingers directly on her clit. Finally she slips a finger inside.

I ask her to unbutton my shirt (that she's wearing) so I can see her nipples. She tell me she doesn't want to stop what she's doing & ask me to do it for her. I reason that this isn't any different than a topless bar & my wife knows I go to those places, so I get up off the bed and walk over to her chair. My cock is rock hard and pointing straight out as I walk over to her. I lean over to unbutton her shirt & my cock ends up just a few inches from her face. She opens her mouth & start to lean in but, I back away. She calls me a tease and I have to admit - I'm doing it on purpose. Her nipples are so hard & I want to lick them but, I can't. I stand upright and again start stroking my cock this time right in her face. 

She tells me that she wishes she had her vibrator. She really wants to cum but, she's not sure if she can cum this way. I tell her that as long as my cock doesn't go inside her, she could use it as a dildo. I don't even get to ask if she wants to do this and she's already moving over to the bed. She lays down on her back and spreads her legs for me. I kneel between her legs. Then I put one hand next to her on the bed and lean over her. I use my other hand & start moving my cock all over her pussy. I rub the head on her clit, then move it down and rub it all around her pussy. Her juices are getting onto my cock & its getting real slippery. I keep teasing her by working her up close to an orgasm but, then I slow down. Occasionally she moans, but, I can tell when she's close by her breathing and the look in her eyes. This feels way too good to cum too quickly. Every once in a while I push my hips towards her and rub the shaft up and down over her clit. 

Both of her hands are on her breasts, squeezing her nipples. I'm ready to explode but, she's not quite there yet. She decides to lay me down on my back and straddle my hips. She grabs hold of my cock & starts rubbing it exactly where she wants it. She keeps squeezing my cock to keep me from cumming until she's ready. I can feel her juices running down my cock, onto my balls and then onto the bed (I'm thinking that I'm going to be sleeping with her juices spilled on my

sheets). Her breathing is getting short and choppy & I know she's close. So I reach up and squeeze her tits. Then I play with her nipples & give them a pinch. This pushes her over the edge and she starts cumming. "YES, OH YES - that's it - FUCK ME" she starts yelling. Just listening to her & seeing the look on her face as she's cumming, makes my cock swell up that extra little bit right before I cum. This gets her really going & she says "FUCK ME" once again. She finally starts winding down & and arches back holding my cock straight up. Just a few more strokes and..."OOOO YEAH, YEAH that's

it, keep doing that -- MAKE ME CUM". I finally I lose it --AHHHHHHHHHHH. My cum shoots out in huge spurts and goes all the way up on her tits and neck and shoulders. "that's it, shoot it all over -- ALL OVER ME -- oooooh yeah". As she watches my cum spurting out, she starts rubbing my cock on her pussy again. Feeling the hot cum shoot onto her body and run through her fingers and watching it shoot all the way up to her neck, her orgasm intensifies. I'm still cumming and shooting globs of cum onto the bed and she decides to catch some with her hand. The she starts putting her fingers into her mouth & licking the cum off of them. After she gets a little taste, she get more off of her body and rubs it into her pussy. With both my cum & her juices, she puts two fingers in my mouth and I start sucking them. Then with my cum all over her neck & tits she leans forward & push one of her nipples into my mouth. I can't tell whether I'm licking sweat or cum from her body but, I don't even care at this point. She tastes so good. She just keeps moaning softly & rubbing my cock with her cum drenched hand. 

She lays there for awhile on top of me. The cum is getting really sticky and messy but neither one of us cares. We were laying the wrong way on the bed, so as she gets up, her pussy passes right over my face. I can see my cum in her exquisitely trimmed pussy hair. She looks back & sees me starting to get hard again. I think she's going for her clothes or a towel, but she passes them by, gets a quick drink of wine and crawls back onto the bed.

Here we go again....