 A few years back I was in a long-term relationship with my third girlfriend, Stacey. We were both in full-time jobs and had enough money to be able to live a good life and also afford to start making future plans. We were both in our late twenties when we split up for good after six years being together... 

We had a house in the suburbs but no children; it was just the two of us and an ordinary happy life.

I also had a workmate who'd been my closest friend for years inside and outside of where I worked and him and his girlfriend often got together with me and Stacey for nights out and nights in. 

Typically, we'd joke around flirting and making out like we were going to wife-swap or gender swap but our personal lives often stayed personal, at least when both couples were in the same room. They didn't like to talk about problems.

Alan and Denise had a daughter, which was why they stuck together but you could sometimes tell their hearts weren't completely in it. They were living a stereotypically mundane family life. The type only old people live; only he was mid-twenties and she was nineteen!

I had no idea Alan was cheating on Denise although I knew he used to be the type to want to. He told so many stories of when he used to two or even three-time his women.

So imagine my shock when Stacey told me during a row that she was fucking Alan every time I was doing overtime and he wasn't. I slapped the bitch in the face and hated myself for it. She was perfect for me, I did everything to ensure her heart's content and she cheats on me with my own friend...

I wondered if Denise knew about it, since Stacey found it so easy to shout out; she'd done it just to spite me. For fuck's sake, our argument started out over the water bill and probably because she was washing the bed sheets so often and washing Alan's smell off her in the shower every Saturday afternoon.

Denise herself was a catch that Alan was stupid to take for granted. She'd put a little weight on after the baby, which only meant she was thin rather than skinny but busty rather than comparatively flat-chested as before.

She was a brunette and a very pretty one, she was allegedly very athletic in the bedroom and I always enjoyed her company. There was nothing you could fault the girl with other than her bloody awful cooking.

That night Stacey told all, I kicked her out the house and told her to come back for her things another day. I sent her home to her mum and thought nothing of it and quite frankly neither did she!

The first thing I did when I composed myself was get in the car and drive around to Alan and Denise's and walk right through the front door and into the living room. Living in the suburbs, they never locked their doors when either one was at home. I walked in to see Denise curled up on the couch.

She was half asleep from what I could see but she woke up enough to ask me what I was doing there. I asked where Alan was and she told me he'd just gone to the pub to watch a football match.

I walked over to the couch where she was balled up and sidled up behind her, spooning her and putting my free arm around her. She took my arm and held it in both of hers, drawing it down to her stomach.

'Are you okay?' she asked.

'I am now, are you?' I asked back. There was a silence for a moment and that moment lasted too long...

'I don't want to stay with Alan, he's been cheating on me, I'm sure of it,' she explained sleepily, 'I knew he always would but I got the baby to worry about...'

'It was Stacey, I just kicked her out,' I said and my voice sounded so hollow and meaningless in the quiet of the room when I said it.

At that moment, Denise craned her neck to look at me and the look on her face was neither shock nor upset. She just looked at me like she didn't know how to feel and I realised I was getting hard and that my erection was pointing directly into her behind. 

It was as soon that I realised she wasn't going to try to distance herself from me or freak out that I reached forward and began to kiss her. Immediately she reciprocated and we began to kiss each other more passionately. Maybe it was out of anger or fear of inevitable loss on so many levels, I didn't know but I wanted to use her for revenge and I wanted her so much more for letting me get it.

'He's always treated you like an obligation, the piece of shit,' I said and turned her around to face me.

I rested one hand on her breast and told her I wanted to show her how a real man would treat her. Denise got up and straddled me on the couch, pinning me down by my arms and pressing her large bust against me as she began to kiss me aggressively.

'Get undressed and stay there,' she told me then got up and left the room. I heard the front door being locked and stood to kick my trainers across the room, smashing a lamp beside the television.

Denise came back in and did the same, kicking her slippers off and smashing another lamp on the coffee table. Neither of us laughed; it wasn't funny, it was just necessary.

'Why lock the door, do you care if he sees us?' I asked and started to help her out of her work blouse. She pulled my t-shirt over my head.

'I don't give a fuck, he's just not going to stop us!' she said matter-of-factly and helped me out of my jeans.

Denise was probably a 40DD and the satin wonderbra she wore made me crazy with excitement. Revenge was getting sweeter. I held her in my hands and told her she was too beautiful to be treated 'his' way and continued to kiss her passionately as we returned to the couch.

Denise sat down as I stayed stood and she swiftly pulled down my shorts to reveal my aching hardness. Immediately she consumed me, wrapping her lips around my thick pulsating cock and sucking me deep into her hot mouth.

Furiously she wetted me with her spit and sucked long and hard on me, deepthroating me and not even gagging. I wondered how Alan could have got bored with Denise, she was an expert for her age. My knees were already trembling with the power of her sucking and the softness of her plump young lips.

'Don't fuck me hard, Dan, okay?' she suddenly said, withdrawing me from her mouth, covered in hot spit. 'I want it slow and gentle, I didn't believe Stacey when she told me you were big!'

I laughed, 'I'm not that big,' but then Denise interrupted-

'You are next to Alan,' she said and lay back on 

the couch, inviting me on top of her.

I peeled off her trousers and then her satin knickers, seeing she was wet. I put the palm of my hand over her pussy to feel the heat coming from within and began to rub at her sweetness, rubbing her come all over her shaven pussy.

Denise squirmed beneath me, putting out one hand for me to take as she lay waiting, all naked but for her satin bra. Her brunette hair spilled over the arm of the couch and I stood rock hard looking down on her beauty. I wanted to go down on her but got the feeling that after tonight, 

I'd get plenty opportunity again.

'As I positioned myself in front of her, Denise grabbed me by the shaft of my penis and with the other hand that'd disappeared behind her, 

proceeded to video the moment with her cam-phone.

We both watched voyeuristically as the head of my cock slid slowly inside her, followed by the rest of the eight inches of me.

'Oh Dan, it's nice to feel a real cock finally,' Denise moaned seductively and widened her legs for me to access her deeply. I looked twice at the phone in her hand and noticed it wasn't hers; it was Alan's phone. He'd left it at home so he couldn't be disturbed. I took it from Denise and continued to film the moment myself, exposing Denise's face and then my own.

'Fuck my girlfriend and I'll fuck yours you rat,' I laughed, eyes focused on the lens as it focused on me. I threw it at the wall and went back to giving Denise all my attention.

'Slow enough, Denise?' I asked, gently sliding in and out of her as her come pooled up on the leather seat beneath us. She stroked my naked shoulders and purred in delight, nodding while she drifted away to her own little world. An orgasm was surely approaching because her vaginal muscles began to contract around me.

'You feel amazing, we need to make this regular,' I told her and she just nodded again as a wave of pleasure interrupted her answer. She gripped me tightly and opened her mouth to cry but kept it subdued. To second that notion, I placed my hand over her mouth until she was finished, building a steady rhythm as she came.

She removed my hand and told me to get on the laminate floor...

'Aren't you going to take your bra off?' I asked, 'I'd love to suck on your beautiful big tits!'

Denise straddled me and slowly sunk my whole length in one fell swoop, sighing in pleasure as she did. Taking my hands, she placed them on the full satin cups of her bra and made me keep them there as she unclasped herself. I pulled them away to reveal the most perfect pair of breasts I'd ever seen or felt.

She leaned forward and rubbed them along my smooth chest, slipping all over me with the slickness of our sweat. Slowly she began to ride me, squatting on her feet and maximising my penetration by forcing herself up and down on me. The wetness of her pussy covered me and began to soak me beneath her.

Again, she began to build up pressure but then suddenly stopped...

'Bedroom now,' she ordered and we ran up the stairs as quietly as we could, so not to disturb the baby-

We fell onto the bed in each other's arms, kissing deeply and passionately. She slowly and gently pulled at my erection as I began to finger fuck her carefully. Telling her to turn around, I spooned her just as I'd done before when we were fully dressed.

I entered her again and continued to fuck her soaking wet pussy, sucking on her perfect tits to her delight and caressing her beautiful body. We both gyrated against and with each other in a perfect rhythm, going slowly but squeezing and grinding at each other madly, slick with sweat.

'I'm sorry it happened, but I'm glad,' she panted and I seconded the notion again, this time by letting her know I was close to coming.

Denise pushed me back off her again and took me in her mouth one last time. Building from a slow pace to a furious rhythm, sucking loudly, I felt an orgasm build up so intensely that I felt I was more close to having a brain aneurism. I cried out loud, thrusting myself further into her mouth. 

Denise suddenly laughed as the first jet of come burst forth into her mouth, she dodged back holding my cock up pointed towards the ceiling and shrieked with laughter as the second jet reached the lampshade above while the third rained down on the both of us.

Not knowing what to think, Denise looked at me in amazement but hurriedly, I bent her over on all fours and penetrated her from behind while I was still hard. I pumped furiously at her as Denise immediately began to cry out in joy and pain all at once.

A second orgasm came and Denise followed suit as I pumped a second load deep inside her hot, wet, silken pussy. I collapsed on top of her, holding her in my arms and kissing her tiredly, unable to catch my breath.

The baby began to cry...

'Uh-oh,' I said, 'Alan Junior didn't like that!'