 First off a huge thanks to my editor Cheer_Smartie526 for helping me with this. It got a lot longer than I expected it to, and my grammar skills still suck. I'm sure I have messed some of the editing up with my last minute changes. This is a multi part story, and it's going to skip around category wise. This is part 1. 





The store was a well-engineered compromise of efficiency and attractiveness. It was just inviting enough to bring people in, but not somewhere they wanted to loiter too long. Pete scanned the shelf for the item he was looking for. He was still perplexed by the way his toothpaste vanished. The hotel had provided a replacement tube, but it had an aftertaste that stayed with him the entire day. Even though he was leaving soon it was worth the detour to get something a bit more pleasant. He located a brand he liked and walked to the checkout line. He noticed one of the cashiers reaching up to turn off the light at her station. She was average height with shoulder length brunette hair. She was a woman with curves, large breasts, a bit of a belly and a round ass. As he approached her stand, she turned to face him and smiled. The name Carolyn was printed on her name badge.

"Are you ready to check out?" she asked. She was about to close, but the next register was at the opposite end of the store and the guy was cute.

"I'm closed but I can do you... I mean check you out... I mean I don't mind," Carolyn stammered, trying not to sound like she was propositioning him.

Carolyn had noticed this customer when he walked in. The way his jeans hugged his ass had caught her attention. He was a bit taller than average with close cropped jet black hair. His features were well proportioned and had an all American look to him. She was about to close, but hesitated when she saw him walking toward her register. He only had one item, so she thought he was still shopping. She was pleasantly surprised when he turned towards her.

"Is this it?" she asked, running the item over the bar code scanner.

"That's it. Apparently the underpants gnomes have branched out into toothpaste, mine vanished," Pete replied, noting that she smiled at his reference to South Park.

"Do you need any ice or stamps?"

"No," Pete paused. The shirt the woman was wearing showed an ample amount of cleavage. He forced himself to look up. "However, do you know if there are any good places to eat around here?"

"There are quite a few, what do you like?"

"For some reason I'm craving a milkshake, so a burger place sounds good, but not something from a chain."

Pete pulled out his wallet and realized he didn't have any cash. Sheepishly he pulled out his credit card and swiped it through the machine. He felt silly using plastic for such minor purchase.

"I know this sounds strange, but I need to see your ID. There's been a lot of identity theft lately, so we confirm every credit purchase," Carolyn said. He opened his wallet and displayed his driver's license. She noticed it was from another state, then she noticed another ID on the opposite side of his wallet, it said FBI.

"I'm not a field agent," Pete said after she had been staring at his credentials for almost a minute.

"Oh, what?" she said, as if he had snapped her out of a trance.

"I'm not a field agent," he repeated, "I don't get in shoot out with drug dealers or chase bad guys. I'm a forensic specialist. I look at evidence very, very closely and try to figure out how it was used. You probably do the same thing."

"Not really, I just run stuff over the scanner."

"You don't ever try to guess what they are going to do with their purchases?" he inquired.

"Well, sometimes, if it an odd combination. You know, like condoms and duct tape," she said, blushing slightly.

"Sorry, I didn't mean to embarrass you. How about we stick with places to eat?"

"There is a really good local place, it's a bit out of the way," she said, placing his item in a bag and handing him his receipt. She reached up to turn off the light above her register, and then paused when he asked her a question.

"What's it called?" he asked.

"Beef Squared," she said, making a number two in the air, "as in exponential, and the patties are square. Are you familiar with this area of town?"

"No, just visiting," Pete paused for a moment, "if I offer to buy you dinner will you show me where the place is?"

The offer was tempting, even though he was almost a complete stranger. Her shift was over and she had nowhere to go.

"Sure, let me turn in my cash drawer, meet me out front." She said, turning off her light and pulling the drawer out of her register.

Pete watched her disappear down a corridor in the front of the store. He wondered where the evening would lead as he walked out of the store. His mind was already considering the evidence he had collected on her and a profile was forming.

Carolyn pressed the buzzer to the door of the stores office. She heard the door unlocked and she entered the room. 

"It balances," she said, setting her drawer on the table.

"Are you in a hurry to leave?" Sue asked.

"Yea, this guy is taking me to dinner," Carolyn confessed.

"Anyone I know?"

"No."

Sue quickly counted the money, "You were right, it balances. Have fun on your date."

After making a quick stop by her locker to drop off her name badge and grab her purse, she walked out of the store. Pete was waiting for her, casually leaning against one of the columns in front of the store. Part of her worried about leaving with a stranger and not telling anyone where she was going. She looked up at the security camera and smiled, hoping that would not be a picture they put on a milk carton.

"We can take my car or yours," Pete said.

"Yours might as well get something out of my taxes," she replied.

She followed him through the parking lot to a hulking SUV with tinted windows with government plates. 

"On second thought, let's take my car. If anyone sees me in that they will think I've been arrested," she said.

"Have you done anything wrong?"

"No," she quipped, and then whispered under her breath, "but I wouldn't mind if you handcuffed me."

Her car was only a few rows over, a late model sedan that looked very much like a girl's car. They both sat down and she started the vehicle.

Their conversation drifted as they drove to the restaurant. Before long they were pulling into the parking lot. Once inside he ordered the same thing she had and they found a table.

"So you are like CSI for the FBI?" she asked.

"That's close, my specialty is physical evidence. I do profiles, but about bodies, not much of the psychological stuff. I mostly look at stuff and try to figure out what someone looks like," he explained.

"So why are you here? Is there a crime spree I have not heard of? Serial killer on the loose?" she asked.

"Nothing that exciting. I'm training the local forensics lab techs on some new stuff. We do this every year. This is my first time to do it here."

"How do you like it here?" she asked.

"It's been okay, but it's getting much better," he said with a smile.

"Why did you ask me to come with you?" she asked.

"You have nice tits," he said, "Sorry, I should have warned you, and I don't have much of a filter. That's probably why they don't let me out of the lab much."

Carolyn stared at him, not sure if she should be offended or flattered. He had a nice ass, and she had spent a fair amount of time staring at it as they walked through the parking lot.

"You have nice eyes to, if that is a more acceptable compliment," he said.

"I'm guessing you don't have a girlfriend," she said.

"You would be correct, probably because of the no filter thing. What I lack in social graces I make up for with lavish meals," he said motioning to the menu on the wall.

Carolyn laughed, "You are charming in your own weird way."

"I do my best."

"How much longer are you in town?" she asked.

"Today was the last day of training, but I don't fly out until tomorrow afternoon. I figured I would see the sights," he replied, his eyes slowly drifting down to her chest.

"My eyes are up here," she said, annoyed that he needed reprimanding again, but flattered at the same time.

"They are," he said looking up, "and they are stunning. Let's make a deal. Indulge me for ten minutes; accept that I enjoy looking at your breasts as much as I enjoy looking at your face or having a conversation with you. I'm not going to grab your tits unless you want me to. Let me enjoy the whole package and if it still bothers you after my ten minutes are up, then I will stop doing it.'

"No, but I have a counter offer," she said, intrigued by what he had said.

"Let's hear it."

"You don't look at my tits for ten minutes. If you can prove that you are capable of more than just ogling my breasts then you can stare at them all you want."

"That's going to be a challenge, but I'll take it," he said with a grin.

She decided to test his resolve, "What do you like about my breasts?"

"You're not going to make this easy, are you? Well obviously the size and shape. I'm guessing 34DD. Am I right?" It took considerable effort not to look down her chest.

"Yes, that's a pretty good guess," she replied.

"I spend a lot of time looking at women's clothing... from crime scenes," he explained.

"Are you creating a profile of me right now?"

"Hmm," he said, "about you or about your body?"

"You can start with my body," she answered.

"So 34DD, fair skin, probably small dark areola. You look like about a size 8. You probably shave off some of your pubic hair, just enough to look good in a swimsuit. It's not about your body, but you don't look like the thong type. I'm willing to guess your bra and panties match," he said.

"Stick to the body for now."

"Okay, you are about five foot four and around one hundred thirty five pounds. Your BMI is around 30, but your breasts throw that number off, it should be about twenty five. Your hair is its natural color and you are right handed." Pete hesitated, "Does it bother you ... when people stare at your body?"

"Not really, I mean I know it's going to happen. Some people are a little creepy about it, but I have learned to deal with them. I don't think men understand what it is like," she explained.

"True, I'd wear yoga pants if it made women drool over my cock the way guys stares at your breasts," Pete blurted out, realizing too late that the comment was probably one he should have filtered out.

"Be careful what you wish for," she cautioned.

"Is that enough about your body?"

"I think so, what else can you tell me?"

"You want to be a bad girl, but you don't want a reputation. That's why you are letting me do this. You get to misbehave, but it doesn't matter because you will probably never see me again."

"Probably, you plan on coming back here?" she asked.

"I would if you invited me," he replied.

"Oh really," she said.

Pete glanced at his watch, "My ten minutes are up."

"And somehow you managed to keep your eyes off my tits, so I guess you win," she said, standing up. "I'm going to run to the ladies room, I will be right back." Just before she turned to walk away, she leaned over and plucked a french fry from his plate, giving him a perfect view of her tits.

Their conversation resumed upon her return. Pete reconstructed a crime scene using French fries and Carolyn confessed to profiling most of her customers based on their purchases. The conversation drifted away from their jobs and on to other activities. They discovered they both considered themselves good poker players.

As their conversation continued, Carolyn found herself playing along with his attempt to seduce her. Despite his comment about not having much of a filter he was subtle about trying to lure her back to his hotel room for the night. One night stands were not something she made a habit of, but Pete intrigued her. Despite his boy next door looks she sensed something dark about him, and that intrigued her. When the staff at the restaurant made it clear they were closing soon he invited her back to his hotel, and she accepted.

Shaking her head Carolyn pulled in behind Pete's car. He had insisted on picking it up from the store before going to his hotel. She wasn't sure if he didn't want to be stranded at his hotel if she left, or if he wanted to give her a chance to escape. Regardless, she had chosen to follow him back to the hotel, her small car dwarfed by his SUV. She was still gathering her things when he appeared at her door.

"Ready to go up?" he asked, his voice muted by the closed window.

She nodded and opened the door, he held it open while she exited and then shut it with a resounding thunk.

"We can stop at the bar," he offered.

"No, I'd rather go to your room," she replied, not believing the words that were coming out of her mouth. This wasn't like her, but something about the way his ass looked in his 501s made her want to spend some time with him in a private setting.

"I won't argue with that," he said, taking her arm and leading her into the hotel and finally to his room.

"You said you played poker, right?" Pete said, hanging his jacket over the chair.

"Yea, but I am also a starving college student, so penny ante is the best I can do," she replied.

"We could play for something else."

"Such as?" she teased.

"Ever play strip poker?"

"Once, but I lost my nerve when I got down to my bra. I'm guessing you have played..."

"A few times..." he replied.

"Did you win or lose?"

"A little of both, but it is a game I don't mind losing."

Carolyn bit her lip. She was way outside her comfort zone, but she was also curious. She wondered if Pete looked as good with his jeans off as he did with them on.

"Let's play," she said, "but I can walk away at any time."

"Agreed. I guess we should start with same amount of clothing," he said, "If you count socks as one item I have seven items of clothing."

Carolyn thought for a moment, "I have five."

Pete looked at her quizzically, "How do you get to five?"

"Shoes, socks, pants, bra, shirt... I'm not wearing panties."

"Really," he said, raising an eyebrow.

"Laundry day," she confessed.

"Well that's hardly fair," he said as he unbuttoned his shirt.

"So you are going to strip down?"

"Kind of," he said, taking off his shirt and handing it to her, "put it on, that should make us even at six each."

Carol slipped her arm into the sleeve and pulled shirt on. It smelled like a man's shirt, and she liked it.

"So loser takes something off, that's how this works, right?" she asked.

"Or the winner can put something on, it makes the game last longer," he said. 

Seeing her naked would be nice, but seeing how she handled herself was just as important. Pete wanted to know how well she bluffed and if she was really brave enough to strip down.

Pete won the first hand with a straight flush. He was surprised when she chose to take off her T shirt, and impressed when she cleverly covered up with the shirt he had given her. The lacy bra she had on was clearly strained by her large breasts, and the material was unable to hide her swollen nipples.

With a broad grin, Carolyn laid down her winning hand, and then pouted when Pete smiled and kicked off his shoes. His smirk was short lived; she won the next two hands. Predictably his socks had come off next, but he hesitated when he lost the most recent hand.  He finally stood up and slowly peeled off his T shirt, revealing a tan, lean body. His chest was covered with hair that tapered down as it bisected an absolutely drool worthy set of washboard abs. If he spent any time at the pool or beach he certainly knew what it felt like to be on the receiving end of a lustful stare. 

"I must say, shirtless is a really good look for you. I bet you work out a lot," she said.

"A little, but it's mostly being lucky in the genetic lottery," he replied. He managed to stifle his follow on comment about her being just as lucky to have big tits.

Carolyn lost the next hand. She stood up and slipped out of her jeans, then folded them and set them on the floor. "Can I have a towel to sit on, I feel a bit odd about my naked bottom being on the chair.

"Hmm, I guess I can allow that," he said, getting up and walking to the bathroom. He returned with a hand towel, not wanting to give her anything she could use to cover up with.

Once she was seated Pete dealt out another hand. They both took addition cards from the deck, but Carolyn's face never got past a frown. Pete's hand was also trash, but he won with an ace.  He frowned when she managed to remove her bra without taking the button down shirt off.

Carolyn won the next hand, a loss Pete attributed to his lack of concentration. She had left the shirt unbuttoned, but the nip slip Pete hoped for never happened. Much to his surprise she chose to rummage through the discarded clothing instead of making him take his pants off. She picked up his t shirt and rolled it up, using it as a belt.

Pete won the next hand and she surrendered the shirt / belt. The next few hands went back and forth, each time she won, she picked up the T-shirt, and each time she lost it came off.

Carolyn pouted as she placed her losing hand on the table. All she had left was the shirt she was wearing. She wasn't bothered by the idea of being naked in front of Pete; she had been enjoying the game and did not want it to stop. She started to slide the shirt off when Pete stopped her.

"Care to raise the stakes a bit?" he asked.

"What do you have in mind?"

"You can keep the shirt on, but if I win the next hand you lose the shirt and you blow me," he offered.

"My blowjobs are worth more than that," she countered.

"Then what do you propose?"

"If I win you take off those jeans and I get to put something on, if I lose I will take off the shirt and suck your cock, but only for one minute. Then we play another hand."

"Only a minute?" he replied.

"Trust me, it's worth it," she assured him, wondering if he would call her bluff.

"You drive a hard bargain, but you have a deal," he said, shuffling the deck.

Arching her back slightly she forced the shirt open just enough for him to see the curve of her breast, but not quite enough to reveal her swollen nipples. He shuffled the cards in his hand again; she was getting more and more difficult to read. He had a flush, but wasn't sure what she had. Between his aching cock and the sight of her cleavage he had not been able to keep track of the cards that had been played. The suspense was too much to bear any longer. 

"Call," she said laying her cards down one at a time. She had a straight.

"Well played, but I'm afraid you lose," Pete said, laying down his final card, "ready to pay up?"

"A deal's a deal," she said, licking her lips seductively.

Carolyn considered making another deal to keep the game going, but decided against it. She stood up and slowly opened the shirt. She started at the bottom, wondering if Pete would take his eyes off her tits to see her pussy, but he did not. Pete began to unbutton his 501s, but she stopped him, "I'll take care of that."

With rapt attention, Pete watched the shirt inch down Carolyn's shoulder. Gravity took over and it fell to the floor. Her breasts jutted out from her chest, making only the slightest concession to gravity. As he suspected, her areolas were small and dark. Her nipples stood out proudly, protruding at least a half inch beyond her breasts. His cock ached to be freed of its denim prison. She stepped in front of him, her tits pressed against his ribs and her hands grasped the waistband of his pants. One by one she unfastened the buttons on his jeans, and then she slid his pants down to his ankles.

All that remained was to remove his underwear. She could see his erection straining against the fabric, a small wet spot showed where his precum had already started to leak out. She began to wonder if he would last a minute in her mouth. She kissed him right above his navel, "Couldn't resist, your abs just look delicious".
