 This is part 4 of a 5 part series.  If you want to start from the beginning you can find it here http://www.literotica.com/s/checkout-lane-hookup-ch-01

I tried to write this like a TV series, so that each part could be read on its own, but it does make more sense if you start from the beginning. As always a big thank you to my editor, cheer_smartie526 for all the help with this. I'd also like to thank those of you that have rated and commented on the previous chapters. I appreciate what you have to say. Enjoy the story.




Although it was past sunrise the room was still quite dark. There were no windows in the bedroom to allow the morning sun in. Carolyn slowly opened her eyes and realized Pete was no longer in bed with her. The door was ajar and a sliver of light was leaking in. She sat up and swung her legs over the side of the bed. There was a bit of soreness between her legs, almost like her pussy had a hangover from the night's indulgences. She stood up and smoothed the fabric of Pete's T shirt over her body. Step by step she silently padded over to the door and peered through the crack, curious why Pete had risen without her. He was standing in the middle of the room, bathed in the light of the rising sun. His movements were slow, deliberate and graceful. She guessed it was some kind of martial arts exercise, she was pretty sure it was not yoga. He was clad only in his boxer briefs, and they fit so snugly he might as well have been naked.

Much to her disappointment his cute little ass was in a bit of a shadow, so she turned her attention to his upper body. The lighting was much better, with the ridges and valleys of his washboard abs highlighted by the contrast between light and shadows. She watched the muscles in his arms flex as he switched from one pose to another. She felt her nipples begin to swell while her cunt feigned protest at the thought of being invaded again. Carolyn was surprised how quickly she adapted Pete's vernacular for her sex. He turned enough for her to see the bulge in the front of his shorts. Even though it was flaccid and covered up, the sight of his cock made her crave the feeling of fullness she had experienced only hours earlier. Her eyes drifted downwards, admiring his legs. For someone that worked in a lab he was in pretty good shape. She wondered if he worked out, and then began to think about him in a gym, his muscles bulging and his skin covered with sweat.

When he turned away from her his ass finally came into the light. Two perfect curves that she was dying to get her hands on. He stretched his arms over his head and starting with his wrists the muscles in his body began to flex. She watched as the smooth skin of his back became a maze of rifts and creases that her fingers were itching to explore. A soft moan escaped her lips; she clamped her hand over her mouth, hoping she had not disturbed him. She was both disappointed and thrilled when he turned to face her.

"Good Morning," Pete said. He had suspected she was watching him, but was not sure. He smiled when he saw that she was wearing only his T shirt.

"I'm sorry, I should not have been spying on you," she replied, blushing a bit.

"I don't mind having an audience, if I knew you wanted to watch I would have waited until you were awake."

"What were you doing?"

"I still can't quite pronounce it, it's kind of like Tai Chi, but has a few other things thrown in. It was developed by a group of Monks, but I doubt you are interested in the story."

Only if the monks all looked like you and skipped the celibacy thing she thought before replying. "Again, I'm sorry to have disturbed you," she reiterated.

"Don't be, I spent a while watching you sleep. In fact the reason I got up was I figured it might creep you out to wake up to me staring at you."

"That would not have bothered me," she replied, "you can continue your Tai whatever if you want. I like watching you."

"I think I have lost my focus for now," he said, admiring the way his T shirt clung to her body. He wondered if she would have the same reaction if he was wearing only a shirt, but his train of thought was derailed when she spoke.

"About last night..." 

"Did you like it?" he asked.

Carolyn blushed, not sure how to respond to being asked if she liked it when a man she had only known for a few hours watched her masturbate twice, then tied her up and had his way with her. He had made her come several times, so it was pretty obvious she had enjoyed it, but she was embarrassed to admit the truth.

"Uh, yes. Do you know any women that complain about having multiple orgasms? I didn't think I could come that many times in one night, but..." Her voice trailed off. She wanted to come one more time, but she wanted him to be inside her when she did. She wanted his cock, not his finger, not his tongue and not one of his toys.

"But?" he replied, his eyes twinkling, "you want more."

"I do," she admitted, cheeks flushing once more.

"There's nothing wrong with that," he replied, taking a step towards her. His cock had started to swell the moment he saw her, but now the process was accelerating.

"Not so fast, this time I decide what we do," she said, hoping she could keep her resolve.

"Fair enough, what is your desire?"

"Take off your shorts and get on the bed, I want to be on top this time," she instructed.

Pete walked back into the bedroom of the suite, and then peeled off his boxer briefs. His cock was once again fully erect, although a little sore. The lustful stare from Carolyn was focused on his ass and he could feel it. He put one knee on the bed, pausing to let her look at him for a moment, and then rolled on to his back in the middle of the bed. He turned to see if she was naked yet. Much to his disappointment she still had his T shirt on, although it looked like her nipples were about to poke a hole through the material.

"Look at the ceiling, not me," she said, mocking his command from the previous night. She wondered if it had the same effect on him as it had on her.

The sound of the cotton garment being pulled off her body brought a smile to his face. He was tempted to look, even though he was quite familiar with what she looked like without clothes on.

"You put away all my toys," she lamented as she approached the bed, "but I think I can find something to play with."

Every inch of his skin cried out for her touch. He could hear her feet as she padded around the perimeter of the bed, and he could detect her movement in his peripheral vision. She managed to stay just far enough away that he never got a good look at her. Pete wondered what part of his anatomy she was looking at.

The man was like a buffet, and there were so many things she wanted to sample. It had been a very long time since she had shared a bed with such a fine example of the human male. Even his feet looked good, she thought as her eyes gradually moved along his body. The muscles in his legs were easily discernable, but not in a freakish, body builder way. When her visual inspection reached his cock she paused. At best, he was slightly above average, and like every other penis she had seen it just looked awkward, like a thick tail that had been attached to the wrong side of the body, but she still wanted it inside her. She wanted to feel the engorged head of his throbbing erection stretch her cunt open and fill her until his body was slamming against her clit. She continued her exam, looking at the subtle crevices that defined his abs. The gentle curve of his chest was difficult to see under the cover of his curly chest hair. She took only a cursory glance at his arms. She had enjoyed having them wrapped around her in the previous night's adventure, but didn't have much use for them in her current plan.

The bed shifted as Carolyn climbed on to it, but Pete obediently kept his eyes fixed on the ceiling. He felt her warm breath on his neck and longed to feel her lips against his skin.

"Do you like..." she whispered in his ear, "69?"

"Yea," he replied, his cock jerking slightly at the thought of being in her mouth, almost as if it were jumping for joy.

"Good, cause I really want to come on your face," she said, crawling on top of him. Her knees pressed against his shoulders and she felt his hand on her ass, pulling her pussy down against his mouth. She marveled at how things had changed from the previous night, she was in charge this time.

The scent of the bubble bath from the previous night hung in the air, mingling with the smell of her sex. Pete's eyes locked on her pouty lips, covered in the dew drops of her arousal. He took one last look at her pussy, and then pulled her down until his lips were pressed against her labia. He was vaguely aware that she had taken his cock into her mouth, and that her breasts were pressed against his body, but most of his attention was focused on her sex. Words like incredible or wonderful seemed inadequate when it came to the way the tender folds of her soft pink flesh felt against his tongue. Somehow he managed to resist the temptation to penetrate her, at least for the moment. Instead he lapped at her pussy, delighting in the way her smooth skin felt.

The problem Carolyn usually had with 69 was balancing her own pleasure with that of her partner. She wondered if men know how much work and concentration were required to give a really good blowjob. She always had trouble enjoying receiving oral sex when she was thinking about sucking cock. It was different this time; she didn't want Pete to come yet, so she was lackadaisical about the way she was going down on him. He seemed to understand, because he wasn't bitching about it, and he certainly was not holding back. The lesson he taught her the previous night had not been forgotten.  She was capable of coming more than once, and she wanted to put that knowledge to use. She was going to come on his face and then ride his cock until she climaxed again. Carolyn felt his fingers dig into her ass, spreading her cheeks apart as he buried his face between her legs.

"Oh fuck that feels good," she moaned. She had given up on blowing him, he would have to be satisfied with a hand job and some dirty talk. His tongue swirled around her clit and the first sensation of her climax began to spread though her body. Carolyn rocked her hips, grinding her cunt against his face.

"Oh, oh, oh, Pete, ah, ah, yes, make me come, make me come," she moaned.

The words of encouragement from her were music to his ears. It wasn't just the way her wonderful wet slit felt against his mouth, he also enjoyed the way the rest of her body felt, from the slow and steady way her hand stroked his cock to the firm pressure of her big tits against his body to the way her ass filled his hands. Pete stretched his arms until he was able to slip his thumb between her labia and his hand rested in the crevice between her ass cheeks. 

"Fuck yes!" she cried out as his thick digit penetrated her, "ah, ah, yes, ah ah." 

Having his thumb inside her only made Carolyn want his cock more. She tightened her grip on his rigid shaft, imaging the way its girth would fill her pussy. In and out, in and out, the steady repetition of his short, thick appendage was inching her closer and closer to climax. When his tongue stroked her clit the dam that was holding back her orgasm burst and it flooded through her body.

"Oh, oh, oh, I'm going to come. Oh, yes, yes, yes yes! Don't stop, please don't stop," she screamed as her mind floated in a sea of endorphins.

Pete was certain he enjoyed Carolyn's orgasm almost as much as she did. She squirmed against him, her hips bucking against his face. He could feel her dripping wet pussy spasm as her orgasm peaked. Finally her screams faded to a soft whimper. He laid his head back on the bed and rested his hands lightly on her ass, but never taking his eyes off her dripping wet cunt.

Although her legs still felt a bit weak, Carolyn did not waste a moment. She was no longer content to stroke his cock; she wanted to feel it between her legs. She pirouetted on one knee and straddled Pete's hips, then grabbed his throbbing erection. She looked down, his hair was disheveled and his face was covered in her juices.

"You are a hot mess," she said with a satisfied grin.

"No doubt."

"You know what I want?" 

"I sure hope so," he replied.

"I want," she said slowly while stroking his dick, "your big hard cock in my hot... wet... cunt."

The lust that had been simmering in his eyes erupted as the last word rolled off her tongue. She wondered why that word turned him on so much. Carolyn considered teasing him a little longer, but her loins ached to feel him. She tightened her grip on his manhood and pointed it straight up, then sat up so that her pussy hovered right over the head of his cock.

"Are you ready to get fucked?" she asked.

Pete was sure that she could make him come just by talking dirty to him. The contrast between her innocent face and the vulgar words turned him on much more than he expected it to. Her appearance had been what drew him to her, not just her big tits, but her girl next door face. He had no idea that such unbridled desire was hiding behind her façade of innocence. He looked down; her cunt was less than an inch from his throbbing erection. He could feel the heat of her sex and waited with baited breath to feel her all around him.

Once the tip of his cock had slipped past her labia she released his rigid shaft, but she didn't take him in. She paused for a moment, scooping her breasts up in her hands. She felt him thrust upward in a desperate attempt to penetrate her, but she moved with him and kept the status quo. She felt powerful and began to understand why he had spent so much time and money on the previous night's activities. Carolyn realized that Pete was her prisoner, just as she had been his the night before. She did not need leather straps to hold him down. She had control of when and how he was going to come, and that was an even stronger restraint.

"Maybe I should make you blow your load right now," she whispered, pinching her nipples and wriggling her hips from side to side. She wondered if he knew she was bluffing, if he knew how much she wanted to feel his cock fill her up.

"But you won't, you want to come again," he replied, wondering if she knew how close he was to climaxing.

"I have that cute little toy you bought me for that," she answered, calling his bluff. She grinned at him, waiting for a smart assed reply, but he did not utter a word. 

It wasn't an idle threat, Pete knew that even if he closed his eyes and could no longer see Carolyn playing with her tits just the feeling of her tight, wet pussy sliding around on the head of his cock would be impossible to resist for more than a few minutes. 

She continued, "But I don't think it would be quite as much fun. Now hold still while I ride your cock."

He watched her sink down, swallowing up his erection until all he could see was her pubic hair intermingling with his. She leaned forward and pinned his wrists to the mattress; her tits swung gently right in front of his face. She rocked her shoulders from side to side, causing her ample breasts to slap together.

"Did I mention that you have a very nice cock?" she asked, wondering if he had any idea what it felt like to be penetrated. He was clearly into kinky sex, perhaps role reversal was in his repertoire. Not that it mattered at the moment, what was important was that she knew exactly how good it felt to have a hard cock stretching her vagina open. She rocked her hips a bit, grinding her clit against him, then lifted her body up until just the tip of his dick remained inside her. Before she took him in again she clenched her muscles tight, amplifying the way his cock felt as it penetrated her again. The next time she relaxed, but went a bit faster. Each time she rode up and down on him she picked up speed. Soon the sound of their bodies slapping against each other echoed off the walls of the room.

It barely seemed like he was with the same woman, Carolyn was no longer the submissive creature he had tied up and teased to climax the night before. She had turned the tables on him, and while he might have been able to break free, he had no desire to escape. As he watched her big tits bounce wildly right in front of his face it took all his willpower to hold his orgasm at bay. He lifted his head, trying to get one of her nipples into his mouth, but things were moving too fast.

"What was it you said last night?" she asked sarcastically. Before he could reply she answered her own question, "Oh yeah, hold still, I'm fucking you." She leaned forward and kissed his hard, pushing his head down onto the bed. She sat up and noticed he was still staring at her breasts. " By the way, my eyes are up here."

As erotic as her bouncing tits were, Pete knew that looking her in the eyes would excite him even more. He longed to feel the connection that seeing her face would provide, but he knew that it would also push him over the edge. He began to shift his gaze upward, steeling himself against the orgasm that was boiling inside his body.

It was obvious that he was about to come, but she was not quite ready for that to happen. She was close to climaxing herself, but she needed to ride his throbbing erection for just a little bit longer to get what she desired.

"Don't you dare come before I do," she said, grinding her clit against him again. She could feel the tension building in him. She was so close, and knowing that he was about to come just turned her on even more. She clenched down on his cock again, knowing that it might push him over the edge, but her desire to feel his throbbing erection made it worth the risk.

It wasn't often that he got fucked like this; in fact it had been a very long time since he had been in such a submissive position. It wasn't that he didn't enjoy giving up control, but it was difficult to find a partner that knew how to push the edge of the envelope. Carolyn seemed to be a natural; she dominated him without emasculating him. She took care of everything; all that was left for him to do was enjoy the experience. He hovered on the very edge of his climax, staring deep into her eyes as her hot, wet pussy squeezed his cock. It took every ounce of his remaining willpower to hold back his orgasm, but he desperately wanted to please her.

"Oh, oh, oh, fuck, I'm coming Pete, Oh fuck,yes, yes, yes. I want you to come inside me, please, please come inside me," she moaned.

It was her pleading that overwhelmed him. He opened his mouth, but before he could say a word his orgasm exploded.  Pete felt his cock jerk as a thick stream of cum poured out. He looked up at Carolyn; she had a sultry grin on her face and looked quite pleased with herself.

"I'm coming," he moaned.

"I know," she purred.

Having Pete writhe between her legs was a bigger thrill than she thought it would be. Feeling his entire body go limp, except his cock, as he surrendered to the pleasure she had given him was very satisfying. She clenched down on him, milking out every drop of his cum, then grinding her pussy against him for good measure.

"I... I ... I can't take any more," he confessed. The tingling in his cock was unbearably intense; it felt like his dick was turning inside out. It had been a long time since he had come this hard, and it was the first time he had felt this way after a one night stand.

"You sure?" she asked, "You still feel hard." Carolyn paused for a moment to enjoy the sense of fullness his rigid cock gave her. She wondered if he was still hard because he was taking something.

"You haven't had enough?" he replied.

"It just seems wrong to let a nice hard dick go to waste, we haven't done doggie style yet... and that's my favorite. I mean if you aren't in to sloppy seconds..."
