 As always thanks to my editor Cheer_Smartie526. Please rate and comment on the story. I'm curious if I went overboard with the word cunt in the series.

The first thing he noticed was the smell of coconut. Pete gradually opened his eyes and realized his face was buried in Carolyn's hair. The shampoo had some kind of tropical scent; her hair reminded him of a Piña Colada. They were both lying on their sides, his chest pressed against her back. She felt warm, soft and sexy. He had been dreaming of being on a beach. Just a few bits of the dream still danced in his head; the sound of the waves, the smell of suntan lotion and the image of Carolyn on her hands and knees as he rammed is cock into tight pussy. The unwelcome sound of a vacuum cleaner in the next room brought him back to reality. He lifted his head and peered over her shoulder just enough to see the curve of her breast. She stirred and yawned.

"I think we need another shower," she moaned, knowing that standing up would not be a pleasant experience.

"I guess you're right," Pete replied groggily, as he rubbed the sleep from his eyes, "We must've dozed off."

The warm, wet sensation of the last few drops of Pete's cum draining out of her well fucked pussy was oddly satisfying, "And now both the beds are a mess, you are going to need to leave a really big tip for the maid."

"I know, I know. Who's going first?" Pete asked. He considered suggesting they shower together, but was too exhausted to entertain the thought for long.

"You are, so I can watch," she replied. Her sexual appetite was satisfied for the moment, but she still wanted to see him wet and naked.

"That's all I am to you? Something to be ogled at?" He said sarcastically as stood up.

"Welcome to my world, and yes, for now you will have to be happy just being my eye candy," she answered. He could be more, she thought, but quickly squashed the idea. There was no way she was falling for him after one night. He probably had a woman like her back home, maybe more.

When she heard the shower turn on, Carolyn crawled to the edge of the bed and lowered her feet to the floor. She probably needed the shower more than he did, but she was serious about wanting to watch him. She walked unsteadily to the bathroom, her battered cunt aching with each step. Seeing him in the shower was as enjoyable as she imagined, but she noticed he was much more efficient in the shower that she had been. He had already lathered up his hair, with just a few of the black locks poking out of the white foam. He was working up a similar lather with the body wash the hotel had supplied, starting with his shoulders and working his way down. She smiled as she watched him gingerly wash his flaccid cock, confirming her suspension that she wasn't the only one that was sore. In testament to his attention to detail he lifted each foot up and thoroughly washed it. When he was done he rinsed his hair, and then slowly spun around. The needle like jets of water from the shower carved away the thick lather. Carolyn enjoyed seeing his fit body emerge from the cocoon of soap suds. And then he was done. He didn't stand under the water and enjoy the warmth against his skin; the moment the soap was rinsed away, he turned off the water and grabbed a towel.

"All yours," she said, playfully swatting her on the ass when he walked by.

As he walked back into the bedroom Pete noticed it smelled like sex, and there was a cum stain on the carpet. He wondered if the hotel had a special machine for stains like that. He felt an odd sense of pride that he had filled her pussy with so much cum that it was dripping on to the floor. His musing on housekeeping technology came to a halt when he noticed the time. It was after ten in the morning.

"Fuck!" he shouted.

"What's wrong," she yelled from the bathroom, wondering what had alarmed him.

"Check out is in twenty minutes."

"Fuck!" she exclaimed, quickly rinsing the last bit of shampoo out of her hair and turning off the water.

Still dripping wet she walked into the bedroom, Pete was half dressed and pulling a steel case out of the closet. He adjusted the combination lock on it and once it was open he retrieved a pistol. He slipped it into a holster that was neatly tucked into the waistband of his pants.

"Where did that come from?" Carolyn asked.

"Duh, the lockbox," he replied.

"Did you have that last night?"

"Yea, I always have it, FBI remember?"

"I thought you were not an agent..." she said

"I'm not a field agent, but I'm still a sworn agent. Trust me; there are plenty of people that my work put in jail that would like to do bad things to me.

Carolyn located her clothes, annoyed that she was leaving in the same outfit that she arrived in.

"It's not really a walk of shame if we are both leaving, is it?" she asked, recalling the times she had left a man's apartment after a wild night.

"No, I don't think it is," he replied.

"Fuck!" she said.

"What's wrong now?" Pete asked.

"I have to work today, I was supposed to do laundry last night, but obviously I got a better offer. I really don't want to show up for work without changing."

"Just buy new clothes," he suggested

"Hello, starving college student, remember?" she answered sarcastically.

"Oh,yea. I will buy you some clothes," he offered.

"I'm not a charity case."

"Okay, how about this. I will pay for your outfit, but I get to approve each item, and you have to model each one for me. Trust me; I will make you earn the new outfit."

With a sigh Carolyn accepted his offer.

"But first we are going out to breakfast, I'm starving as well," he said.

Breakfast was quick, pleasant and surprisingly normal, considering how the rest of their time together had been. She half expected him to take her to a strip club to eat, but instead he let her choose. During the meal Pete grilled her until she revealed the stores she wished she could shop in, and they started the shopping spree.

A slight change of plan was required for the underwear; she just did not feel right putting on a pair of panties before she bought them. He had agreed to buy them, but insisted that she show them off when she changed into the rest of the clothes. She perused the rack of clothing in front of her. Each time she tried to look at a price tag he stopped her, insisting she pick something she liked, not something cheap. She begrudgingly accepted the idea that he clearly wanted to see her in something nice. Once she picked out an outfit she headed to the dressing room, choosing a stall that he could see into when the door was open. One by one she removed her day old clothing. She had never been completely naked in a dressing room before, but she found it more exciting than embarrassing. In accordance with their agreement she slipped on the panties he had bought her. She had tried to get plain cotton, but he would only approve something with a high waist and silky. She cracked open the door and was relieved to see only Pete standing outside the dressing room. She swung the door open so he could see her in her nearly naked glory. A smile flashed across his face as he looked her up and down. Once she felt he had been justly rewarded for his generosity she shut the door and picked up the bra.

Despite the soreness in his cock Pete was happy to see Carolyn's nearly naked body. The panties looked very sexy, and he was glad she had talked him out of the thong he had first picked up. She had said it would make her look slutty, and that something should be left to his imagination... or memory as the case may be. He concluded the silver lining to his worn out cock was he didn't have to hide an erection from the rest of the patrons in the store. 

The door moved slightly as she peeked out, making sure he was still alone, and then swung open. The bra he has chosen was lacy and sheer and; judging by the way the material stretched, nearing full capacity. It lifted her ample bosom up and created a wonderful amount of cleavage. The next time the door opened he was surprised to see she was still shirtless, having added only her pants. The last time she opened the door she was fully dressed. The shirt he had chosen hugged her breasts, but fit loosely around her waist, and showed off her cleavage quite well. He still found her a very attractive sight, but not quite as arousing as when she was naked. She shut the door again, only to emerge in her old clothes. He followed her to the cashier and cheerfully purchased the entire collection.

As they walked out of the store and towards his SUV she asked "Where should I change? You don't have the hotel room anymore, do you?"

"No, but you can change in the car."

"Is this a trick to see me naked again?"

"Absolutely."

"You have to be the horniest guy on the planet. I think you missed your calling, you should have been a porn star," she replied.

"I like to think of it as a gift I should share with the world," he shot back. His answer was somewhat incomplete. He wasn't normally quite this eager. Most of his encounters with the opposite sex ended much sooner than this.

"Okay, but you are not fucking me again," she said, then clamped her hand over her mouth when she realized they were in the middle of a crowded parking lot.

"I know," he replied.

She bumped her hip against his and felt something hard, "Is that a pistol in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?"

"Yes... and yes," he replied.

When they arrived at the car he held open the back door of the SUV. The seats were folded down, giving her plenty of room.

"You sit in the driver seat," she said, "You can watch me in the mirror." During the walk through the parking lot she had come up with a plan. Taunting him at the hotel had been fun, and she wanted to do it again.

She started on lying on her back with her head towards the rear of the vehicle. Once she had kicked off her shoes her pants came off in a single quick motion, leaving her half naked. The newly purchased panties were in the bag with the rest of her new clothes. She rolled over and got on her hands and knees, then peeled off her shirt and removed her bra. She could see people walking around the parking lot, oblivious to the fact there was a naked women in their midst.

Pete adjusted the mirror and stared at Carolyn's ass. A grin spread across his face as she reached back and spread her cheeks apart, giving him a clear view of both her cunt and her ass. His cock still ached from the morning's activities, but made a fruitless attempt to get hard again. 

She could not explain what prompted her to show off her ass, she had never had anal sex and did not intend to. Pete had taught her that pain could be pleasure, but she did not think she could make that leap. She rationalized that she just liked teasing him, and then rolled on to her back.

"Is your dick sore?" she asked, spreading her legs apart.

"Yea, you gave me quite a workout," he replied.

"Is it hard?" she inquired.

"Not yet."

"But I'm so horny," she teased, "I guess I'll have to tend to my hot little cunt all by myself."

With her fingers, she carefully spread her lips apart, even though she did not intend to finger herself. The muted voices of people walking drifted through the tinted windows as she stroked the smooth skin of her clitoral hood.

"So horny," she moaned.

Trapped in the front seat Pete adjusted the mirror again, surrendering his view of her big tits to watch her masturbate. He tried turning to look over his shoulder, but his pistol dug into his side and his aching cock protested being squeezed against his leg. Settling back into the driver's seat he stared into the mirror as the subtle scent of sex began to permeate the vehicle.

Using one finger on either side she slowly pulled her hood back. She wondered if Pete could see her clit; even if he couldn't he had to know what she was doing. She still remembered what it felt like to have his tongue where her fingers were. Her fingers moved up and down, indirectly stimulating the little pink pleasure button between her legs.

"Do you want to see me come?" she asked, certain she knew what his answer would be.

The temptation to give a smart-assed, contrary answer was denied by his half-hard cock, "You know I do."

Pete strained to see exactly what she was doing. He fondly recalled what it was like to have her pussy inches from his face. In the course of his work, he had developed a nearly photographic memory and now he used it to fill in the details masked in the shadows. He knew what the miniscule movement of her middle finger was doing. She was stroking her clit, working herself into an orgasmic state of bliss. The air in the car felt electric as her excitement built. Pete found his hand mirroring the movements of hers and as her breathing became rapid and shallow, so did his.

Oddly it wasn't Pete's cock Carolyn found herself thinking about, and it wasn't his impressive oral skills either. She found herself thinking of him exactly as he was, fully dressed and captive in the front seat. She knew if he was physically capable of fucking her he would have crawled over the seat and rammed his cock deep into her pussy, but she had worn him out. Despite his considerable sexual prowess she was the last one standing, or coming as case may be. Her hips began to involuntarily thrust against her memory of Pete as she got closer and closer to her orgasm.

"Mmmmm, yes, yes," she moaned as she dipped her finger into her sex and then rubbed the well-lubricated digit on her clit.

"You like watching me play with my cunt, don't you?" she said with a smile, delighted that she was able to use a word that she used to find so disturbing to taunt him.

"Fuck yes," he responded breathlessly.

The moment his reply hit her ears she tumbled over the edge and was engulfed by her climax. This was the third time he had watched her come by her own hand, and it was the most intense. Maybe it was because she felt more comfortable around him, maybe it was knowing he wanted to fuck her but could not, or maybe it was knowing that she was separated from complete strangers by a few feet and a sheet of tinted glass, and they had no idea she was having an orgasm. Whatever the reason, she had to bite her lip to keep from screaming with pleasure. As the waves of pleasure went from hurricane strength to a gentle rolling tide she lowered her hips and let her hands rest by her side.

"Was that good for you too?" She asked once her breathing had returned to normal.

"Yes, but a little frustrating as well," he answered.

"If you can behave yourself I might have something that will help," she said, wiping her hand on her day old shift. With a tinge of regret she began to get dressed in her new clothes. She knew she would miss being naked around Pete.

"So what next?" she asked once she was dressed.

"I drop this vehicle off at the office and catch a cab to the airport."

"I could give you a ride," she offered.

"I thought you had to work today."

"Not until later," she explained.

"Then I accept your generous offer," he replied.

It was a short drive back to the hotel to pick up her car, and then another short trip to the lot where the government vehicles were stored. As she sat in the car waiting for him to finish the turn in process she wondered if the SUV still smelled like sex, and how he would explain it. Her musings were interrupted when Pete opened the door and sat down in the passenger's seat.

"I wish I could stay longer," he said wistfully.

"So do I," she relied, noting that he looked into her eyes when she spoke, instead of staring at her tits.

"I think we have time to grab lunch if you are interested," he offered.

"Well, I am a starving college student, so if you are buying I won't turn you down," she replied.

A few minutes later she parked next to a food truck near the university, "This has the best Asian fusion food ever. You have to let me order for you, tourists never pick the good stuff."

"I will defer to your expertise," he answered.

Carolyn practically skipped up to the truck, despite the dull ache between her legs. The last eighteen hours had been an eye opening whirlwind. She was a bit sad that Pete was leaving, but she intended to make the most of the time they still had. She placed their order then sauntered over to the table he had selected.

"So, will I ever see you again?" she asked.

"Well, I suppose if a serial killer sets up camp here..." he said.

"Okay, will you come back for anything but work?"

"Perhaps, it depends on you," he responded, seizing the chance to manipulate her again.

"Oh really?"

"The toys I bought for you, I want to know what you do with them."

"I'm not sure what you are saying," she replied.

"I want you to use them and then tell me about it. I'm curious to see how creative you are."

"How do I contact you?"

Pete pulled a business card out of his wallet and lined through his work phone number and email address, then flipped the card over and started writing on it, " You can call, text, email, whatever, but only at this number. You can even create a blog and I will just read it. If you do something that interests me I might just come back and visit."

"Am I supposed to use them by myself?" she asked.

"You can, or you can share. It's up to you," he replied with a mischievous grin.

"So you want me to screw around?" she asked.

"I want you to explore, that's what I'm going to be doing."

"I'm not sure I want some other stranger tying me up. I think I got lucky with you, but the next guy might be a real freak."

"What, I don't qualify as a freak?" he said with a smile.

"You seem to be able to turn it off, I'm not sure everyone can do that."

"Then maybe you need to be the one tying them up, and I didn't say it had to be a guy."

"I'm not a lesbian," she said.

"I am...I'm a lesbian trapped in a man's body," he joked.

"Are you bi?" she asked, suddenly curious.

"No, the attraction is just not there."

"So you have never been with a guy?" she asked.

"Not really, I've been in threesomes with another guy, even kissed a guy once, but like I said, guys just don't offer anything that gets me off," he explained.

"You're missing out, sucking cock is fantastic," she said, licking her lips.

"I'll take your word for it. So I guess you've been with a lot of guys?" he asked curiously.

"Not really, maybe four or five... wait, do blowjobs count?"

"Does that change your answer?" he replied.

"Kind of," she replied sheepishly.

"So what is your answer now?"

"37."

"Does that include me?"

"Uh, 38," she admitted.

"You've sucked 38 dicks, holy shit..." he said incredulously.

"Are you mad?' she asked.

"Hell no, I'm impressed, but try not to suck any dick when we walk back to the car," he chided.

"I'll try," she said, then whispered under her breath, "I think I can wait till we get in the car."

The arrival of their food stopped the conversation, and when it resumed it was on less arousing topics. He asked what her major was and what her favorite classes were, she asked him how he ended up in such a narrow specialty.

"Shit, it's getting late," she said, "We need to get on the road, sometimes traffic around the airport sucks." It was a bit of a white lie, there was more than enough time to make the trip, but she wanted to get there early.

"If you say," he said, grabbing the remains of their meal and tossing it a trash can.

The entire way to the airport Carolyn tried to covertly look at Pete's crotch, wondering if enough time had passed for his cock to get hard again. As they turned toward the airport she took the road to long term parking.

"You can just drop me at the terminal," Pete said, "I just have the carry on; I shipped most of my luggage back with my gear."
