 As usual I own a huge thanks to my editor Cheer_Smartie526 for helping with this. Hopefully this part does not drag too much. I know where I want this story to go, but I'm still not sure how I am going to get there. Like the other woman based stories this one is a bit of a stretch for me ( since I'm not a woman ).I wasn't sure if this belonged in EC or Lesbian, but I decided it fit better here. I hope you enjoy it, please vote and comment on it. 

The store appeared unchanged as Carolyn walked though the automated doors. She made a sharp right as she entered and headed for the office to pick up her drawer. Pushing the door open she entered the room.

"Hello Sue, I'm here to start my shift," she said.

"Welcome back, I'm guessing by the way that you are walking the date last night went pretty well," Sue replied.

Carolyn blushed, she was a bit sore between her legs, but did not realize it was obvious that she had been fucked hard.

"You could say that."

"Anyone I know?" Sue asked.

"Not likely, he was just in town for a business trip, he went home today."

"So a wild night with a mysterious stranger, sounds exciting," Sue said, and then raised her hand to the corner of her mouth. "Uh, honey, I think you have a little something ..."

Carolyn's face turned beet red when she realized Sue was trying to say there was still cum on her face. She frantically wiped the skin around her mouth. Sue burst out laughing, and Carolyn realized she had just been pranked.

"I didn't know you were that kind of girl," Sue said, still trying to contain her laughter.

"Neither did I, but he was quite persuasive," Carolyn replied as the color of her face slowly returned to normal.

"You will have to tell me about it later, I'm curious what kind of man can turn you into such a slut."

Carolyn picked up her cash drawer and smiled. Sue didn't know the half if it. Carolyn considered opening her purse and showing Sue the silver balls that Pete had bought for her, but decided to keep them a secret. She glanced at the board on the wall and saw that she was assigned to watch the self check lanes. It meant less interaction with people, but the ones she would have to deal with would be the ones that didn't understand how the self check machines worked. It would be an excellent spot to scout out someone to, as Pete had put it, go exploring with.

The store was busy and a steady stream of customers passed through the lanes that Carolyn was watching. Not many of them needed help, and soon her mind was wandering. She wondered what Pete was doing, and if he was already with someone else. A devious grin spread across her face as she thought about the exhausted state that she had left his libido in. A flashing light on the console snapped her out of the fantasy she was constructing and she looked up to see the cause of the alert. A middle aged woman was trying to buy a few bottles of wine. Carolyn walked over to her, checked her ID and then returned to the cashier station and approved the sale. It made her realized that everything she had done with Pete she had done sober. She wondered what she would have agreed to if her inhibitions had been lowered by a few glasses of wine.

The group of people standing in line to check out didn't offer much in the way of candidates for her fantasy, so she focused on keeping the line moving. She waved people up to her small counter if they only had one or two items. It was a way to game the system, pushing her number of transactions and items scanned per minute statistics higher. Eventually someone would find the loophole, but as long as it existed she planned to use it. Time passed quickly and soon it was time for her lunch break. She considered going to the burger place that had started her adventure with Pete, but decided to just get a sandwich from the deli and eat in the break room.

The room was mostly empty; two of the overnight stockers were killing time before their shift started. Both were much older than she was, and not what Carolyn was looking for in fellow explorers. She pulled out the card Pete had given her and noticed he had completely blacked out his work phone and email address. She pulled out her phone and tapped on the screen, entering Pete's name into a search engine. The results were less than exciting. A linked in page, some articles in a law enforcement journal and one news story where he was mentioned as an expert witness. On a whim she typed in the email address he had hand written on the card. The result of this search was much more interesting. There were several hits from social media and a few from forums with extremely naughty sounding names. She clicked on the Tumblr link. The moment the image came up she blushed and covered the screen with her hand. It was a picture of a woman's breast with what looked like wax covering the nipples. Nervously she glanced around, once she was satisfied no one else could see the picture she slowly withdrew her hand and began to scroll through the images. The first thing she thought of was getting a bikini wax, and how the hot wax felt on her skin. She felt her nipples begin to swell as she imagined him holding the candle above her tits. He would have her tied up, spread eagle, unable to move as the flame melted more and more wax until the drop was heavy enough to break free splatter against her skin.

The sound of the door opening made her cover the phone again. It was one of the custodians with his brown bag lunch. The man joined the stockers. Carolyn wondered if any of them knew how turned on she was. Her hand slipped off the screen and she quickly flipped through the images. In the pictures were toys similar to what he had bought her; floggers, riding crops, nipple clamps, dildos and vibrators just to name a few. Most of the pictures were of the items in use. Carolyn knew she wasn't a lesbian, but the images of other women being penetrated were strangely arousing. Some of the toys were shockingly large, and yet somehow he had managed to find a woman that not only let him shove it into her pussy, but take a picture of her labia stretched tight around it.

Not wanting to be too turned on she bookmarked the page for later and closed it. Next she opened the twitter feed and scrolled down looking for her name. There was no mention of her, but she was a bit shocked by what she read.

"Number 12 is coming over tonight. It is time for her to surrender her ass to me"

Carolyn blushed and skimmed down to read another.

"Number 8 is getting her first lesson tonight"

"New woman at work must not violate the prime directive."

She wondered if that meant he had a rule against fucking his co-workers. She strolled up to his most recent entries, wondering if she had a number.

"Met a new play toy, nice big tits"

The time stamp showed it was yesterday, it slowly dawned on her that she was the play toy. Carolyn wasn't sure if she should be mad or flattered. She continued to scroll down.

"Play toy knows how to suck a cock"

She smiled at his acknowledgement of her oral skill. The rage was subsiding. Carolyn wondered if her identity as the play toy was a secret they shared. She continued reading.

"Came on her tits, making her leave it there."

"Taking her shopping for some toys"

"My cum is still on her tits, makes me so horny"

She read the next entry and the last bit of anger faded away, "This chick is a bad ass"

Carolyn forced herself to stop reading, if she became any more aroused she would be tempted to finger herself in the restroom. Opening her purse she gazed at the two silver balls. It was tempting to put them to use, but the rational part of her brain reminded her she still had several hours left at work, and that might be a bit much considering what she had been through.

In an attempt to wind down her libido she texted her roommate that she would be home soon, and would explain where she was the previous night. Carolyn cleared the table of her trash and walked back out into the store.

It was a constant struggle not to let her mind wander back to the night with Pete. She compromised by continuing her evaluation of the customers going through the line. Her terminal displayed what each of them was scanning. She was supposed to make sure that what the sensor read was actually what they were purchasing, but she only spot-checked. 

The rack that held the bag was also a scale, and it would detect if the weight did not match the item scanned. She was impressed at how the system was both sensitive and durable. It occasionally had trouble with small items like jewelry or watch batteries, but most of the time it functioned as designed. An attractive young man began appeared at station four. She looked down to see what he was scanning. At first he looked like a good candidate for a fantasy, one of the items he scanned was baby oil. She imagined playing naked twister with him, sliding around on his oil slicked body. Her fantasy came to a grinding halt as she moved down the list and saw baby formula and diaper rash ointment. She tried to restart her fantasy by thinking of him as a nanny or au pair, but when he looked up, she saw the sleep deprived eyes of a new father.

The next hour passed slowly, the quality of candidate for her fantasy dropped off considerably. She glanced at her watch, and realized that she was in the middle of prime clubbing hours. That explained the lack of hotties coming through her line. The best she saw were a couple of frat guys buying beer. She briefly considered a threesome, but was interrupted by a tap on her shoulder. It was one of her co-workers.

"Dan says you can go on break, be back in fifteen minutes," Sally said.

"Okay, thanks," Carolyn replied. 

She wandered back to the break room and continued her fantasy with the two frat guys. The break room was busier and louder than it had been on her lunch break, and the constant din interrupted her fantasy, leaving her frustrated. She parked herself in a corner and pulled out her phone to resume her cyber stalking of Pete, or rather his alter ego.

This time she looked at his photo blog. The first thing that popped up was a reminder that the sight was only for those of over eighteen and of an open mind. She began to imagine the kinds of things Pete would post pictures of; it caused her pulse to quicken. Quicken. As she began to examine the pictures she was not disappointed. Most of the pictures were close up, there were not any faces. Breasts bound tightly or decorated with nipple clamps, and a variety of crotch shots of different women. Pete seemed to have a preference for women with curves, although there were a few shots of women with small tits or bony asses.

A few of the pictures were attributed to other web pages, but most were marked 'personal collection'. She quickly scrolled to the bottom where the most recent pictures were, wondering if she would find a picture of her body. She was both relieved and disappointed that none of the images bore a resemblance to her anatomy. She scrolled through the images again, this time at a more casual pace. Almost all of the pictures were of women. 

There were a few of him getting a blowjob, or at least she guessed it was him. Like all the other pictures it was cropped tight, so the only part of the woman visible was her mouth and chin, and the only part of Pete in the frame was his rigid shaft. Carolyn licked her lips, fondly recalling the way it felt to make him come in her mouth even though he thought he was too worn out to get hard.

She let out a giggle when she saw a picture captioned 'my better side'. It was a picture of his naked ass, and while she preferred his sculpted torso, his nice round ass was a close second. She looked at her purse again; the silver balls were calling to her. Glancing at the time on her phone she realized her break had occurred later than scheduled, and she had less than two hours left before she went home. Snatching her purse off the table she left the break room for somewhere more private.

Even thought it wasn't the first time she had used the balls in public it was still a surreal experience. She wondered how many of the people walking by noticed how swollen her nipples were, and if any of them wrote it off to the store's temperature. She looked down the line of customers waiting to check out. None of them inspired her. The minutes ticked by, most of the people didn't even make eye contact with her as they hurried out; instead, they were stuffing the receipt into the bag or digging for car keys.

Finally she spotted a candidate. He was wearing a soccer jersey with an Australian flag on it and a pair of nice fitting jeans. She could see the top of a Foster's oilcan sticking out of his basket. She smiled; the alcohol purchase would require an override. She could do it from her station, but official policy was to check the ID of anyone under 40. He was average height, and the loose jersey made it difficult to see what kind of shape he was in, but his jeans were much kinder to her imagination. He had tan skin and blonde hair. A hint of golden stubble covered his face, and his fierce blues eyes were framed between cheekbones that looked like they were sculpted and blonde eyebrows. She watched the terminal as he began to scan his items. The first few items were boring, hummus, chips, a can of nuts. The next item caught her attention, it was a box of condoms, and they were the large size. She wondered if he bought that size for an ego boost, or because he needed them. 

Carolyn crossed and uncrossed her legs, causing the balls in her pussy to shift around. While it wasn't quite as enjoyable and having Pete press a vibrator against her pussy in the middle of porn shop it was still quite a thrill. He scanned the beer and she saw the message pop on the screen informing him that he would need to provide ID to complete the transaction. He looked her direction, and when she made eye contact with him he smiled at her. His eyes were deep blue whirlpools that threatened to suck her in, and it was with great effort that she pulled he gaze away from him. She felt her cheeks getting warmer as her thoughts of what she wanted him to her began to spiral out of control. She looked down and stared at her terminal until she was able to regain her composure.

As she walked towards him she noticed his arms. They bulged in all the right spots, and she guessed the part of his body under the shirt was equally well muscled.

"I need to see your ID" she said when she stopped in front of him. Carolyn could smell just a hint of his cologne. It smelled good, and there was just enough to make her want to get closer.

"All right," he replied, his voice had a slight accent.

Carolyn looked at the card he was holding out. It wasn't a driver's license; instead it was a work visa. The fact he was from another country made him that much more alluring. She had to look for a few seconds to find the birth date. He was a few years older than she was. 

She glanced at the big blue can.

"Don't judge me. It's a rule, we have to have a can with us at all times," he said when noticed she was looking at the Foster's. "There are better Australian beers, but nobody in this country has them."

"Thank you," she said, tapping the clearance code into the terminal and scanning her badge across the sensor. Instead of taking the lanyard off her neck she leaned over the scanner in a way he could see down her shirt. She had not been judging him, not about the beer at least. A quick look at his snug fitting jean told her that the magnum sized condoms were purchased out of necessity, not pride.

"Do you need any ice or stamps?" she said reflexively, and then glanced in his basket to see what else he was buying. There was a bottle of massage oil.

"No, not tonight," he replied, his eyes slowly moving up her body. Carolyn was certain he knew how aroused she was. Turning around she began to walk away when she heard his voice.

"Do you always work this part of the store?" he asked.

"No, I'm usually down on register six or nine," she replied, pointing down the row of registers.

"Down on six or nine, I'll remember that next time I am here. Have a good evening," he said, then resumed scanning his items.

Carolyn wanted to squeal. He obviously had plans for the evening, but it sounded like he would be looking for her on his next visit. She unashamedly watched him walked out of the store. The view from the back was just as good as the view from the front. Just as he walked out the door he looked over his shoulder and smiled at her. Then he disappeared.

The rest of her shift was spent doing a little dance that moved the ball around inside her and thinking of the hot blonde customer. Fate was kind to her and sent a stream of customers that didn't require any assistance. Occasionally she would wave a customer with just one of two items up to her station. She needed a distraction from her fantasy, it was one thing to be a little turned on with people watching, but she wasn't quite ready to let them see her come.

When her shift finally ended Carolyn turned in her drawer and gathered her things. She sat down in the break room, pulled out her phone and started a text to Pete.

-I have your balls inside me.

It was only after she had pressed send that she realized that she had skipped over the pleasantries of asking how his flight was. Her phone chimed and she looked at the screen.

-Not mine must be yours. I have mine with me.

-Point taken, but I think mine feel better. I almost came at work because of them. I saw someone I want to experiment with. 

It felt odd telling him she was thinking of fucking another man, but he had encouraged that very behavior. She pressed send.

-I expect to hear all about the results of your experiment.

Carolyn sensed someone approaching and typed a hurried goodbye, then slipped the phone back into her pocket.

"So," Sue said, "you were going to tell me about your date last night."

"Yea, I'm not sure how much I'm going to admit to sober, but he was very talented," Carolyn replied. Pete had been right about many things, among them that she did not want a reputation as a slut.

"Talented, is that what you call it," Sue said, continuing to pry.

"And considerate," 

"Are you going to see him again?" Sue asked.

"That's up to him. He doesn't live here, and I don't have much of a travel budget with school and everything," Carolyn answered. She felt her phone buzz; it was the second time since Sue started talking to her. She reluctantly pulled it out, hoping that it wasn't an explicit text from Pete. Much to her relief it was from her roommate, asking her to pick up a few things on her way home.

"Is that him?" Sue asked.

"No, it's my roomie. I've got to go," she replied, making a mental note to thank her roommate for rescuing her from Sue's interrogation.

As she left the store, she walked past an end cap display for Foster's lager and the blonde customer popped back into her head. As she approached her car she looked in the back window, wondering if the two of them could fit in the back seat. She open the front door and sat down, but before she started the car she looked over her shoulder at the back seat again and imagined the blonde Australian with his shift off and his pants pulled down to the middle of his muscular thighs. She would be on top of him, but he would be in control. One of his hands would be around her throat and the other would be tugging on her swollen nipple. Carolyn looked around; there was nobody near her car. She slipped on hand inside her shift and began to pinch and pull on swollen amber nub, matching up with her fantasy. She imagined him commanding her to grab his cock. Her hand gripped the erection of her imaginary partner. It would be big, bigger than anything she has experienced before. She began to move her arm up and down as she thought about stroking his big, hard dick. On each down stroke she pressed her hand between her legs. Her fantasy was taking over and reality was fading away. One of his hands was on her hip, pulling her down until her pussy was pressed against the engorged head of his cock. He ordered her to fuck him. Carolyn was so immersed in her fantasy that she felt nervous about what would come next. Her hips began to rock back and forth as she imagined the lips of her pussy being stretched around his throbbing erection. Her fingers dug into the soft skin of her breast, grabbing her roughly as she thought he would. His mouth would be on her other tit, his teeth biting down on her nipple as he rammed his cock into her and filled her with his rigid shaft. Carolyn slammed her head against the back of her seat. She was grinding her wrist against her pussy. Her legs flailed about, banging against the bottom of the steering wheel as she imagined riding the blonde man's thick cock. The silver balls shifted around, bumping against her G spot and igniting the climax that has been simmering ever since she saw him look down her shirt and smile.
