 As usual thanks to Cheer_Smartie526 for all the help with the story. Enjoy, and please rate&comment on it.

*****

"Do you trust me?" Pete asked.

"Yes?" Carolyn replied. 

Her mind was spinning; everything had happened so fast. Pete surprised her at the store, rushed her to this hotel, and now she was naked, handcuffed to a chair. She was staring at her own image in a mirror and feeling very, very vulnerable. Pete was standing behind her, his reflection also visible in the mirror. There were gaps in the hair covering his chest, scar tissue from events in his life he had not shared with her yet. She closed her eyes as the tip of the riding crop pressed against the nape of her neck. She felt it slide down her back, following her spine. The next sensation startled her. A warm fluid splashed against her skin just below the small of her back and began to pool. The leather tip of the riding crop plowed through it, causing it to drain between the cheeks of her ass.

The sting of the riding crop against her thigh registered a split second before she heard the sound of it slapping against her skin. She braced herself for the next blow, but felt something different. Something thick and hot was following the warm liquid and spreading the cheeks of her ass apart. She gasped, surprised at what Pete was doing. Another stinging sensation, this one on her ass, reminded Carolyn that he had not let go of the riding crop. She was aghast that he would violate one of her hard limits; her lips began to form their safe word.

She had made it clear to him that he was not going to fuck her in the ass, but he insisted on pushing her limits. He continued with the riding crop, slapping it against her buttocks. The sting of the blows had been overwhelmed by her desire to please him, but what he was doing with his cock concerned her.

"I'm not sure I believe you," Pete replied. It was important to him that she agreed to whatever happened next. He wondered if she would regret setting such a slow pace once she discovered the pleasure she was missing with her reluctance. He continued to stroke his cock, occasionally pressing the engorged head down so it brushed against her nicely rounded ass cheeks. He knew she would not go all the way tonight, but that didn't mean they couldn't have a little fun.

"I think I'm showing great restraint," Pete said.

Carolyn knew she was in no position to resist; her only defense was the nuclear option. She could say the safe word and her ass would be safe, but it would also mean she would not feel Pete's throbbing erection penetrate her pussy, and that was something she craved. The riding crop pressed against the side of her breast. It moved back, following the curve of her body. It continued along the bottom of her breast and then up into her cleavage. When it was between her tits it began to jump from one side to the other, slapping against her skin. With each blow it moved closer to her swollen nipple. She looked in the mirror and watched it move back and forth. The steady pace was almost hypnotic. Her entire body ached to be touched, but the only thing she felt was the stiff leather tip of the riding crop.

Pete set his left hand on autopilot, steadily whipping her tits with the riding crop. Once he thought she was distracted he let go of his cock and picked up the bottle of lube again. First he drizzled down the length of his erection, and then he poured it on Carolyn. The small puddle just below the small over her back grew, and then began to drain into the valley formed by her impressive ass. The fluid was roughly body temperature, and he poured it very slowly. As a result she did not seem to notice what he was doing. He set the bottle down and resumed stroking his cock. It was understandable that she did not get off watching him jack off. Unfortunate, because the only thing better than seeing her naked body was seeing her and feeling something against his throbbing erection. He had watched himself masturbate in a mirror, and it paled in comparison to watching Carolyn finger her pussy or play with her tits. He looked into the mirror. She was still watching the riding crop slap against her voluptuous breasts.

Time seemed to slow down as the riding crop drew closer and closer to her nipples. Why was he teasing her? She was not going to change her mind about letting him fuck her in the ass, why didn't he just slide his hard cock into her pussy and make her come. The blows were softer now. Finally she felt the riding crop press against her nipple. It gave her goose bumps as it pressed the amber nub back into the soft tissue of her breast.

"I want you inside me," she pleaded.

"Not yet, if you want to come you have to earn it," Pete replied. He pressed his cock down until the tip disappeared between her ass cheeks. It would be so easy, one steady push and she would be introduced to what it felt like to be fucked in the ass. Pete wasn't sure what was more arousing, the feeling of being right on the cusp of being inside her, or the sight of her ass with his cock pressed against it.

An alarm bell went off in her head. She had been so mesmerized by what he was doing with her tits she hadn't realized the liberties he had taken with her ass. She started to feel angry, but her rational mind butted in and reminded her of two things; she had said she trusted him, and so far he had not violated that trust. He had pushed it to the absolute limit, but everything he had done she had agreed to. The second item was the safe word. She could stop everything by uttering it.

The riding crop stopped its rhythmic slapping and began to move back down her body. Carolyn felt it slide over her abdomen and press into the patch of pubic hair just above her pussy. She opened her eyes. Pete's right arm was moving at a steady pace, it took her a few seconds to realize he was masturbating.

"What are you doing?" she asked without thinking.

"I'm going to come on your ass," he replied.

The reply shocked her. She did not understand why he would jack off when her pussy was right there. The head of his cock slid between her buttocks again, and she began to understand the game he was playing. He was holding her orgasm hostage, and the ransom was her ass. She suspected that if she told him to fuck her in the ass he would make her come.

Releasing his cock, Pete placed his hands on her hips, and then moved forward until his rigid shaft spread her soft cheeks apart. He grabbed a handful of her hair and pulled back, forcing her to stand up as much as she could. When the handcuffs stopped her he moved his other hand along her body until he reached her breast. The sight of her breasts in the mirror was almost irresistible, but the look of shock and confusion on her face was priceless. He rocked his hips back and forth, sliding his cock against her. She was clearly concerned he would violate his promise that he would not fuck her in the ass until she begged him to, but that fear was baseless.

"I want you inside me," she moaned, "inside my cunt." She added the last part deliberately, hoping her use of his preferred term would encourage him. What he was doing was not unpleasant, but it made her a bit uneasy to have his throbbing erection so close to her ass.

"I'm sure that can be arranged, but not right now."

The shock of feeling his cock pressed against her ass was beginning to wear off. She felt his hands moving over her hips and across her ribs. He let go of her hair, but his fingers pressed into the soft flesh of her tits, holding her upright. The reflection of her naked body filled the mirror, blocking her view of his face, but she could see his hands as they encroached on her breasts. He caressed her pendulous boobs, but avoided touching her swollen nipples. The way he continued to grind his cock against her was beginning to feel good, but what he was doing with his hands felt better. He squeezed her tightly and she moaned in response. She still wanted him to fuck her, but the idea of waiting just a little longer didn't seem like such a bad idea any more. He changed tactics; instead of digging his fingers into the soft flesh, he stroked the upper half of her breasts. She watched his hands glide across her skin. Seeing herself naked had never been so arousing. Each stroke started with his fingers reaching into the valley between her tits and moved outward until his fingertips were resting on her ribs. Each repetition moved a bit lower, each time his fingers got a bit closer to her aching nipples.

With a measured pace Pete moved his hips back and forth. The sensation of her warm, soft skin against his throbbing erection was enough to make him come, but he wasn't ready for that to happen. He slowed his thrusting in an attempt to delay his climax for just a little longer. Pete focused on Carolyn's voluptuous breasts. He had taken her comment about having an orgasm from breast stimulation alone as a challenge. Resisting the urge to plunge his cock into her wet slit was difficult, but it would be worth it to see her come this way. He slipped his hand around the circumference of her breast until he was cupping them from below. She squeezed his cock between her buttocks; he wondered if it was a deliberate effort or just an unconscious reaction to what he was doing. When he slowed his thrusting even more, she responded by grinding her ass against him. He looked at her reflection in the mirror, her eyes appeared unfocused. Pete stopped thrusting and Carolyn quickly took over, rocking her hips and squeezing his cock between her cheeks.

It seemed like a dream, Carolyn thought as she watched Pete's hands caresses her breasts. Only the bite of the restraints on her wrists tethered her to reality. The aching in her nipples was almost unbearable. She thought about begging him to touch her there, but she was not sure if she was allowed to speak. His hands glided over her skin, invading the space between her breasts. He pulled her back, stretching her arms and the chains on the handcuffs as far as possible. His lips pressed against her neck. His teeth closed on her ear.

The tempo of her breathing told him that she was close to climaxing. It was time for the final push that would send her over the edge. Her hips were rocking back and forth at a frenzied pace, threatening to make him come much sooner that he wanted to. He put his lips next to her ear and whispered to her, "I want you to come for me." He moved his right hand up rubbed his fingers and against her swollen nipples. His digit glided over the wrinkled amber flesh. It was the same hand he had used to stroke his cock, and the trace of lube made her skin feel smooth.

"Oh, oh, oh fuck," she moaned.

The fingers of his left hand pinched her other nipple and pulled downward. That was the final straw. She bucked wildly underneath him, moaning and whimpering as her climax took over. He wrapped his arms around her, pulling her body against his. He pushed his hips forward; sparing the sensitive head of his cock from her wild undulations and holding his orgasm back for just a little longer.

Unlike most of her orgasms, she could not pinpoint a starting point for this one. It seemed to engulf her entire body at once. Her entire body tingled, and the muscles in her abdomen clenched in a most wonderful way. Her pussy was a bit late to the party, probably confused by the absence of Pete's cock, but joined in the fun eventually. When the last wave of euphoria finally passed she found herself leaning on the chair, her lower body suspended from Pete's strong arms.

"You okay?" he asked.

"Fuck yes," she replied, straightening her legs and taking the weight off his arms.

Pete released her from his grasp. She still seemed to wobble a bit, as if her knees were still a bit weak. He congratulated himself for having the foresight to handcuff her in front of a mirror. It was a position that let him see almost all of her body. He could see her face and her tits in the mirror, and if he looked down he could see her back and her ass. The one thing he could not see was her pussy, but that wasn't important right now. He took a half step back and wrapped his hand around his cock again.

When she felt his cock brush against her ass Carolyn realized he had made her come without penetrating her. She felt drained from her climax, but still craved his cock. She waited to feel his rigid shaft split her labia apart, but all he did was rub the head of his dick on her ass.

"I want you inside me," she moaned, hoping to encourage him.

"Maybe later, right now I'm going to come all over your ass," he teased.

It was tempting to worm his way into the chair so he could tit fuck her and shoot his load onto her spectacular breasts, but coating her nice round ass was an irresistible proposition.

"Please, please fuck me. My cunt is so wet..." she pleaded.

"All in good time my dear."

Someday she would beg for his cock in her ass he thought as he began to stroke his cock. He gripped his rigid shaft firmly, imaging he was penetrating her tight ass. When his hand reached the base of his rigid shaft he slid the head along the crevice of her posterior. He thought about reaching around with his free hand and touching her, but decided against it. 

"You've got a really sexy ass," he said and his hand moved toward the head of his throbbing erection.

Despite her reluctance to indulge him Carolyn found that feeling his cock against her ass was arousing, but it wasn't what she wanted. Standing on her toes she tried to rotate her hips so that his cock would slide into her wet slit.

Pete grinned at her attempt to circumvent his plan, but pulled his cock up so that the tip remained nestled between her buttocks. She would understand soon enough what he was trying to teach her. He had stopped imagining fucking her in the ass, instead he was focused what he saw.

"You can come on my ass, but that's it. Don't get any other ideas," she conceded. It was pretty clear that he could not be dissuaded from her current plan.

"I love it when you talk dirty." 

"So if I said I want to feel your cock against my ass... that would make you happy?" she teased.

"Oh yea."

"I love feeling your cock against me, inside my mouth and most of all inside my cunt."

"You're going to make me come if you don't shut up," he moaned.

"You sure you want come on my ass?"

"Oh yea," he moaned.

"Sure you don't want to come on my tits?"

"Shut up."

"Or on my face?" she teased.

"I said shut up, "

"Or in my mouth, you sure you don't want me to wrap my lips around your cock? Just thinking about having your cum in my mouth is making me wet...," she said, licking her lips seductively while watching Pete's reflection in the mirror.

Holding back was no longer possible. A guttural moan was all he could manage as a thick stream of cum erupted from his cock and splashed onto her ass. Pete continued to stroke his cock as the thick stream continued to spray onto her ass, coating both of her buttocks and the small of her back.

At first it was a bit disturbing feeling Pete's hot cum splatter against such a private part of her body, but as the deluge continued Pete's excitement proved to be contagious. "That's it baby, come all over my fucking ass..."

"Oh, oh, ah, ah..." Pete moaned as he milked the last bit of cum out of his cock. He could already tell he was going to be sore from holding back for so long, but it was worth it. 

Carolyn's ability to switch from a sweet and innocent young woman to a filthy-mouthed whore was incredibly erotic. He briefly considered fucking her, but decided against it. He simply did not have enough stamina to make her come again, and he did not want to disappoint her.

It was the closest she had ever come to letting someone fuck her in the ass. Carolyn wondered if she would be willing to indulge Pete's desire. She could feel the rivulets of cum running down her body, slowly cooling. She was flattered that Pete found her ass such a turn on, but the idea of him being inside her that way still a hard limit. She felt him release one of the restraints on her wrist.

"Let's get in the shower," he said, freeing her other wrist.

"Okay," she said.

Pete took her hand and pulled her towards the bathroom. Once inside he turned on the shower and pushed her into it. The water was still cold and she squealed as it hit her skin, raising goose bumps. She turned slightly and the water hit Pete's cock. She laughed at the expression on his face as his cock retreated from the cold water. Gradually the water became warm. Pete grabbed the sponge and poured body wash on it. He started at her neck and lathered up her entire body. When he was done he was on his knees, scrubbing the top of her feet. He stood up and turned her towards the showerhead. The water had warmed up and it felt good to rinse the thick lather off her breasts. Pete's hands cupped her tits, pulling them apart. The water flowed through the valley of her cleavage.

"I guess it's my turn," she said, then took the sponge from his hand and dumped more body wash onto it. She turned him so he faced away, and then began to scrub his neck. She moved down to his broad shoulders. The lather covered several interesting looking scars. She wondered if they were work related, or if they came from one of his recreational activities. The next thing to vanish under the blanket of soapsuds was his spine. She could just make out the individual vertebrae. She pressed her tits against his back and let them slide around in the thick, rich lather. Her hands meandered around his mid section and followed the contours of his abs. She thought about stroking his cock, but decided to make him wait a bit longer. Instead she ran her fingers through the hair on his chest. Her fingers went exploring though the curly locks of hair until they located his nipples.

It was like she could read his mind, Pete thought as Carolyn's slender fingers swirled around his nipples. He wondered if this is what it felt like when he played with her tits. She tried to pinch him, but this soapy skin slipped out from between her fingers. Even though his cock had not recovered he longed to feel her hand on it, but she continued to caress his chest. She pulled him into the spray of the shower, spinning him around so that all the soap was washed away. When he was clean she pushed him out the door and slowly twirled around. He watched as she cupped her breasts in her hands, making sure every bit of the thick lather was rinsed away. Watching her play with her breasts was hypnotic. Pete finally snapped out of his trance when she turned off the water.

"You are drop dead sexy," Pete said as she stepped out of the shower stall.

"Thanks, you're kinda cute," she teased. It felt oddly comfortable to be naked in front of Pete, more so than most of the men she had been with. She grabbed a towel and began to dry off.

"Ready to get in bed?" Pete asked.

"Why? I'm not tired."

"So I can tie you up and fuck you," he replied.

"I'm very ready for that," she replied, feeling a slight tingle between her legs at the thought of being penetrated.

"Give me a minute," Pete said, stepping out of the bathroom and closing the door behind him.

Carolyn wondered what she would be walking into. With Pete, there was no telling. She would not be completely surprised if he had somehow persuaded her roommate Lori to join them for a threesome. Maybe he had some new toys to show her. She finished drying off and opened the door.

The room was dark, the only illumination was candlelight. She heard Pete strike a match and saw it flare as the fire consumed it. He was lighting another candle. Much to her disappointment his cock was not hard. On the bed were wrist and ankle restraints, a flogger, a riding crop and a blindfold.

"Get on the bed," Pete said.
