 My hands were trembling as I sat down behind my desk at the front of the lecture hall. I can't believe she had the nerve to come here and loudly tell me she was leaving me in front of my entire class. And telling them she was sleeping with someone else too! Angry didn't begin to describe how I felt. Angry and hurt. I just wanted to get back to my office and have a stiff drink or two and let my nerves calm down before I went home to an empty house. I was just thankful that it was the final exam and I wouldn't have to try and teach feeling like this. I'm sure I'd end up taking it out on one of my students and that wouldn't be fair.

I taught a freshman history seminar at a relatively large university whose name is unimportant. The classroom was huge and filled with all manner of students who were just coming back from various student activities for the night class. A few football players joking with each other, some cheerleaders gossiping back and forth, a couple of marching band members exhausted from carrying instruments through countless marching drills. They all dutifully took their seats and quietly began the exam. I closed my eyes and leaned back, trying desperately to calm myself and trusting the honor of my students not to cheat during the exam.

By the time the exam finished I still had my eyes half closed and tried my best not to look at any of my students for fear of them offering some sort of platitude when I knew damn well there was nothing they could say or do that would make me feel better. I stacked the exams together after everyone left and flipped through them to even out the pages when a small handwritten note fell out. In neat feminine script it said, "You can do so much better than her." I smiled slightly to myself and, for reasons I still can't explain, I stuffed the note in my pocket and took the exams back to my office with the intention of leaving them to be graded until next week.

When I got to my office, I noticed one of my students standing outside the door. She was still dressed in her uniform, and although I knew I shouldn't, I couldn't help noticing how good she looked in it. Her hair was tied back in a high ponytail and her eyes shone in the fluorescent light in the hallway. Her olive skin was set off nicely against the dark blue and crisp white of her uniform top; a top that almost looked to be stretched a little too tight over a pair of large firm breasts. Her thighs were smooth and strong under her short pleated skirt, probably toned from a few years of standing at the bottom of pyramids hoisting the smaller cheerleaders above her. She definitely wasn't one of the boyish, flat-chested cheerleaders that a lot of men seemed to like for some reason. Her curves were lush, full, and feminine. Before I let my mind wander any further afield, I composed myself and approached my office door and greeted her.

"Do you mind if I come in for a moment Professor? I have a couple of questions I was hoping you could answer." I was exhausted and really didn't feel like discussing coursework anymore, but she seemed so kind and eager that I figured a few more minutes wouldn't hurt. I unlocked the door and let her in. She sat down in front of my desk and folded her hands in her lap, a picture of perfect innocence in her uniform. I closed the door and dropped the exams on the desk and leaned back in my chair.

"Well, what would you like to know, uh....."

"Nicole. And I was wondering if you got my note." Her eyes took on a playful flirtatious quality as she asked me. I blushed slightly and was a bit confused for a moment until I remembered the folded slip of paper in my pocket. I swallowed hard and worried about where this was going.

"Yes, I got it. Thank you. I appreciate the sentiment, but I'm really not in the mood to be looking for anyone better right now." She got up and turned to face the door, smiling the entire time. I then heard the lock click and she looked back at me. "Who said you have to look?"

She walked back to the desk and leaned forward. Her top was much lower than I thought it was out in the hall and I could see the full swell of her breasts at eye level as she looked at me. I struggled to pull my eyes away from her curves, but I could feel myself getting lost in her beauty. She licked her lips as she looked at me. "But you can look if you want." I felt my heart pound as I listened to her innocent voice tempt me with forbidden desires. I had never even looked at a student like this, and now here was this curvy, sexy, goddess of a woman throwing herself at me on a night when I was already more vulnerable to such things.

"Nicole, this isn't right. You know as well as I do that we can't do this..."

"Why? The rules say that a professor can't have a relationship with one of his students." She came around the desk and leaned down toward me, her lips grazing my ear, her breasts full in my face. I could feel her warm breath on my ear lobe as she whispered. "I'm not one of your students anymore. You already have my last exam." 

I moaned slightly as I listened to her, unable to stop myself. I could feel my desires starting to get the better of me, but I struggled to stay in control. "Nicole, if this is about what happened in class, you don't have to do this. I appreciate it and all, but this is highly inappropriate."

"I was planning to do this all semester. And what she did to you was inappropriate. What I have planned....." She leaned into me and kissed me deeply and passionately, her tongue searching my mouth, swirling around my tongue. She ran her hands through my hair and I couldn't stop myself from responding in kind. I could feel my cock jumping and pulsing in my slacks as she pulled away. "is very appropriate."

She stepped back and slipped her uniform top over her head, her breasts bouncing free and covered only by a small black demi-cup bra. I practically drooled at the sight, especially after thinking back to my ex's small breasts and ice princess demeanor. Nicole reached behind her and undid her bra, her breasts jutting forward proudly as she did. Then she kneeled in front of me and undid my belt and slacks, quickly pulling them down and freeing my rapidly hardening cock.

There was a hunger in her eyes as she looked at my cock. With one quick motion she greedily took the full length in her mouth, licking and sucking the entire time. I could feel my shaft swelling against her tongue, the precum pouring down her throat. I moaned loudly as I felt her lips press more firmly around my cock and suck against the entire length as she let my now wet and glistening cock pop out of her mouth. 

Then, as if she could read in my mind what I wanted next, she leaned her body forward and rested her arms on my legs. She looked up at me with a face of pure innocence and proceeded to engulf my cock between her full firm breasts. She rubbed them against me, letting me luxuriate in a tit fuck that I was only imagining a few moments ago. The head of my cock poked out from in between her incredible breasts every so often, but mostly I could feel my precum dripping onto her intoxicating cleavage, her breasts squeezing and milking the cum out of me. I gripped the arms of my chair hard and my eyes rolled back into my head in ecstasy as I felt her squeeze harder and moan softly. I looked down and could see that was now only using one hand to squeeze her tits around me and had slipped her other hand between her legs and was now playing with and teasing her clit. At this point I couldn't take anymore and had to have her.

I softly pushed her back and then swept my arm along my desk. The exams and all the detritus of my now dead relationship was knocked to the floor, including the picture of my ex; the frame smashing on the floor. I lay down on the desk and took her hand, helping her up so she could straddle me. She stood over me for a moment like a conquering heroine. She was a bit unsteady from her arousal and quickly sat down on my stomach. As she did, I could feel my swollen cock rub against her dripping wet and neatly trimmed pussy. She licked her lips and moaned as she moved up and down a few times, letting my cock rub against her lips and my head press against her sensitive pussy. 

Finally, she took my cock in her hand and guided it between her dripping wet lips, the head of my cock pressing against her, struggling to enter her. She moaned and writhed at the pressure, but I couldn't take the teasing anymore. I put my hands on her hips and pulled her down, gently but firmly. I felt the head of my cock pop into her and we both moaned loudly at the sensation. We thought we heard footsteps in the hall, but we didn't care anymore. We just needed to feel each other.

She rode me slowly at first, easing herself up and down my shaft. I thrust up to meet her, our bodies wet and sticky as we rubbed against each other. Over and over we met, our thrusts becoming faster and more impassioned. I ground myself against her as she met my body, my groin rubbing against her clit making her moan. I began to thrust harder, my desire taking on a renewed urgency.

As I began to move faster and with greater force, her full breasts began to bounce with every movement. Her eyes fluttered as an orgasm began to build within her. My mouth went dry from moaning and screaming as my cock began to pulse and throb harder and faster. I couldn't hold out much longer and ached to be even deeper inside her. I grabbed her hips and pulled her down on me over and over again. I thrust upward even harder, pushing the head of my cock even deeper inside, the curve of my cock making my head push against her g spot again and again.

Finally, without warning, her entire body froze in place and a look of ecstatic shock came over her. Then I felt her pussy spasm and throb around me, clutching at my shaft, milking the cum out of me. The pressure was too much and I screamed out as my own orgasm overtook me. Wave after wave of hot sticky cum poured into her tight little pussy as our bodies shuddered together. After it subsided, I could barely move. My shaft continued to spasm uncontrollably as my arms lay limp at my sides. She seemed to relax completely on top of me and leaned forward, resting her body on top of me. Then, while I was still inside her, she softly kissed my cheek and held me tightly, and I could do nothing but hold her against me as well.