 As always thanks to my Editor cheersmartie_526 for some great ideas and for rescuing me from my total lack of grammar skills. 

*

Ricked locked his car and looked down the street. He had hoped to find parking in front of the hobby store, but instead had parked almost two blocks away. He looked down the street and saw a familiar face.

"Hi Courtenay," Rick said, "How are you?"

"Honestly, I a little bummed out. I was supposed to have an appointment at the salon, but they are closed," she replied. 

"What happened?" Rick asked. 

"They were closed, some of the nail techs did not have the right kind of visa or something."

"I think you look fine without the salon," Rick said, wondering if she was fishing for a compliment. 

"Who are you kidding? How did I ever think you were gay! My nails are mess, by spray tan is uneven and my legs look like an ewok's," Courtenay said with a look of disbelief on her face. 

"Yea, there is clearly no way I could be qualified to be gay if I don't notice things like that."

"But if I remember, you can fix things like that. You used to do our nails at cheer practice. Can you help me out? I have a pool party at my Aunt's house this evening and I don't want to go looking like this. I can pay you."

"What is the take home for an undocumented beautician these days?" Rick asked with a grin. 

"Shut the fuck up," she said with a laugh, "Are you going to help me or not? I seem to recall you offering to help me with a bikini wax."

"What kind of friend would I be if I did not help you in your time of need," Rick answered, not completely surprised she was taking him up on his offer. 

"That's what I wanted to hear, let's go by the beauty shop on the way to my house," Courtenay said with a knowing grin.

Courtenay led Rick down the street and into a shop. She handed him a basket and began to take things off the shelf. She started with the nail care products. 

"Can you do a mani and pedi?"

"Yes," Rick replied.

She tossed several times into the basket. Next she held up a razor. Rick rolled his eyes, then slowly nodded. She added the item to the basket. Next on the list was spray tan. Rick inspected what she was holding, and then looked at the items on the shelf. 

"Can we stop by my house on the way to your place?" he asked. 

"Sure."

"Then let's go with this," he said, selecting a bottle from the shelf. 

"That's does not have an applicator in it," she said. 

"I know, I have that covered."

The last item Courtenay picked up was the bikini wax kit. Rick grinned widely as she dropped into the basket without asking him if he would do it.

Moments later she had paid for the items and they were in her car. They made a brief stop at Rick's house and he emerged a short time later with a medium-sized cardboard box.

"What's in the box?" Courtenay asked. 

"My airbrush. I used it for scale models, but it should work well for your spray tan. Unless there is still paint left in the lines. You don't mind if the first part of your tan is Army green, do you?"

She just stared at him. 

Wow, tough crowd. There is no paint in the lines, I just cleaned it." 

From Rick's it was short drive to her house. Courtenay led the way in calling out to anyone in the house. There was no reply. 

"Well, I guess you have me all to yourself," Courtenay said with a smile. She walked into her room. 

"This is where the magic is going to happen," Rick said. 

"Will twenty dollars be enough?" she asked, rummaging through her purse. 

"I'm not taking your money," Rick said. 

"Well, I insist you be compensated somehow," she said, stepping right in front of Rick. 

"Perhaps we would work something out in trade,"

"That's exactly what I was thinking," Courtenay said as she stroked the front or Rick's pants. 

"What did you have in mind?"

"I will trade you a blowjob for a makeover."

"I think you are getting the better end of that bargain, the makeover is going to take much longer than the blowjob."

"How about I throw in a tit fuck," she said, putting her hands on her breasts. 

"You drive a hard bargain."

"And you just drive something hard. Should we shake on it? "Courtenay said, slipping her hand inside Rick's pants and grabbing his erection. 

"Works for me."

Courtenay pulled her hand out of his pants and stripped off her shirt. She was wearing a lacy white bra, which barely contained her large breasts. She unfastened the clasp and her breasts tumbled out. Rick smiled as he watched her pinch her swollen nipples. Her hands moved to his pants, pulling down the zipper. She pulled his cock and balls out through the opening, then sank to her knees. Courtenay scooped her tits up in her hands and wrapped them around Rick's throbbing erection.

"You still at 38 blowjobs?" Rick asked. 

"I'm up to 41."

"Anybody I know?"

"No, mostly guys from the college."

"Do you swallow for them?"

"No, mostly they cum on my tits. I only swallow for my favorites."

"Like me?" Rick asked. 

"Yes, like you."

The firm, warm flesh of her breasts felt good as it surrounded his cock. Rick watched as she pinched her own nipples and moved her tits up and down at the same time. Her breasts completely engulfed his cock. Rick could not resist slowly thrusting his hips back and forth. On each thrust the head of his dick would peek out of her cleavage

"Fuck you have nice tits," Rick moaned

"You say the sweetest things", she replied.

Courtenay released her tits and wrapped one of her hands around the shaft of Rick's cock. Slowly she began to stroke up and down. She leaned her head forward and a stream of saliva lubricated her hand. She used her other hand to press one of her breasts against her own lips. Rick moaned at the sight of her licking her own nipple. 

"This is the sensitive part, right?" she inquired, running her fingertip just under the head of his cock. 

"Yea, yea, that's the spot."

"What feels better there, my hand or my mouth?"

"They both feel fantastic."

"Then I guess I will give you both."

Courtenay lower her head again, stretching her lips around Rick's engorged penis. She continued to stroke the entire length of his cock, but also slid her lips all over the tip. She pulled down on his erection so that it was horizontal. Rick could not take his eyes off the sight of her lips slipping up and down the shaft of his dick. She stopped sucking on his cock, but continued to stroke it. 

"Do you want to finish on my tits, on my face, or in my mouth?"

"Mouth", Rick moaned.

"Yummy, I was hoping you would say that."

Courtenay plunged Rick's cock back into her mouth. She was going faster now, and she was moaning as she pressed the tip of his cock against the back of her throat. Rick could feel her tongue rubbing along the bottom of his dick. The pressure of his approaching orgasm was almost too much to resist. 

"I'm going to cum," he moaned.

He felt Courtenay's hand stroke his balls, as if to encourage him. Rick's orgasm exploded into her mouth. He put one hand on her shoulder to steady himself as his cock jerked between her lips. Courtenay continued to suck and stroke his cock until she had taken every drop of cum. As his erection began to fade, she let his dick slip out of her mouth. She stood up and gave him a brief kiss.

"Are you ready to go to work?" she asked. 

"Yes, we are starting with the bikini wax, then your legs. Take off your clothes."

"Are sure I have to be completely naked?"

"Yes, it will work out better this way."

Courtenay removed her remaining clothes while Rick set up the wax. He instructed her to lie in her bed. He produced some leather straps from his box and began to tie her to the bed.

"What are you doing?" she asked. 

"I don't want you flailing about when I pull the wax off."'

"I've done this before, it is not that bad."

"Do you want me to do this or not?"

"Okay, but I still say I will be fine"

Rick stretched her hands over her head and tied them to the headboard. Next he tied her ankles to the footboard. He checked the wax to see how it was melting, and then he leaned over the foot of the bed, placing his hands between her legs. 

"It appears you have overcompensated me for the work you want. Let me give you a refund. Rick placed his hand at the apex of her legs. With the heel of his hand he pressed against her clitoris. 

"I knew you were up to something," she moaned. 

"Are you saying you don't want your refund?" Rick asked as he stroked her wet labia with his thumb. 

"I'm not saying that, not at all."

The feeling of Rick's hand on her sex was an unexpected pleasure. Courtenay writhed as Rick pressed his thumb inside her. She felt his other hand on her breast. His fingers traced a circled around her swollen nipple. She felt his hand withdraw from between her legs. The next thing she felt was his tongue lapping at her clitoris. He covered her labia with soft kisses. She squealed at the sensation of his warm flesh against hers. Courtenay strained against the leather straps. She was still surprised how much being restrained aroused her. She relaxed her arms and legs and surrendered control of her body to Rick. He seemed to know exactly what to do with it. His fingers pinched her nipple. Each time he squeezed his fingers together the erect flesh slipped away in a delightful manner.

Even more delightful was the feeling from between her legs. He had slipped two fingers inside her, probing for her G spot. At the same time his mouth was all over her clit. She raised her head to see what he was doing, but all she could see where her own breasts. As Rick's fingertips found her G Spot, she could feel herself quickly approaching an orgasm. The trifecta of stimulation on her nipple, clit and G spot made her climax inevitable. The rest of the room began to fade away. She laid her head on the pillow and focused on what Rick was doing to her. She forgot about the leather straps. She forgot about the bowl of hot wax. All she could hear was her own ragged breathing and pounding heartbeat. Finally her orgasm surged through her body. She thrust her hips against Rick's mouth as wave after wave of pleasure coursed through her body, and then slowly faded away. Rick stopped touching her and her breathing returned to normal.

"Time to check the temperature of the wax", Rick said as he pulled the applicator out of the container. He spread a small amount on his wrist. 

"That seems okay to me, what you think?" he said as he dripped the wax on to Courtenay's naked breast. 

"Shit! What the fuck are you doing?" she screamed. 

"Too hot? Rick asked.

"No, it actually feels good. I may have found a new toy. Is it going to hurt when you pull it off?"

"Probably not, let's see..." Rick said, grabbing the edge of the wax and slowly peeling it back. Rick wondered if she had noticed the lube he had smeared on her skin when he was playing with her breast. It allowed the wax to peel off easily.

Rick regarded the circular piece of wax in his hand.

"I could probably make a casting of your nipple from this. They would make a hell of a keychain."

"Don't you fucking dare," she replied.

"Okay, if you insist. Want me to do it again?"

"I do, but there really isn't time." she lamented. 

"As you know, this part will hurt," Rick said as he spread the wax between her legs. 

" Right now it feels nice and warm."

"I've got something I think will help. I'm going to spray a cooling agent on your skin as soon as I remove the wax, which should numb the nerves. It should only hurt for a second."

"Do I want to know how where you learned that?"

"You don't," Rick answered.

Rick let the wax cool, then grabbed the edge of the first strip. 

"Ready?"

"No, but do it anyway," she answered through gritted teeth.

He yanked the strip off. 

"Shit! Shit! That fucking hurts!" Courtenay screamed. 

Rick applied the cooling spray and she stopped screaming. 

"Is it getting better?"

"Yea, you were right, it only hurt for a second, but it hurt a lot"

Rick quickly completed the rest of the wax job. By the end he was spraying the cooling agent on before the wax was completely off, and Courtenay's screams had diminished considerably.

"Do you have any idea how much that hurts?" she asked. 

"I tried waxing my legs during my road bike phase. I know how much that hurts; I can't imagine waxing my dick. The good news is that part is done."

"What is next?" she asked. 

"Mani and pedi," he replied

"Okay, when you say it like that, you sound gay", she giggled. 

"There's pretty much no manly way to say that", Rick sighed.

Rick started by releasing the strap on her foot. Next he gave her a gentle foot massage, and then began painting her toe nails. 

"You don't have any sisters, how did you learn how to do this? Are you some kind of momma's boy?" she asked. 

"No, it is a geek skill. Compared to painting scale models and fantasy figurines, this is easy. The face on a fighter pilot is about the size of your little toenail, and I have to paint goggles and an oxygen mask on it. You know this snakeskin pattern you want on your nails? I put that on a Galactic trooper last week."

"Rick, "she interrupted. 

"Yes?"

"Dial down the geek, it is kind of freaking me out."

Rick finished with one foot and untied the other. He continued the conversation as he started massaging her foot. 

"I'm just saying a lot of my hobby skills transfer over to makeovers"

"What else?"

"Using camouflage face paint for hunting and paintball transfers to makeup."

"Really, you can do my makeup?"

"Well, I mostly work in greens and browns, but I can probably figure out how to use what you have. Okay, I'm done down here," Rick said, then whispered to himself, "but I will miss the view." He took one more look at Courtenay's naked pussy then moved his stool next to her hand. He released the leather strap around her wrist.

"So where did you learn how to trim and polish fingernails?" Courtenay asked. 

"Gunsmithing and wood carving, the tools are remarkably similar. But unlike you hands, mistakes on steel and wood can't be fixed with a band aid."

"I never thought of it that way," she said.

Soon Rick was done. He untied her remaining hand and quickly finished the manicure. Courtenay held up her hands, turning them different ways. 

"This looks fantastic. It's at least as good as the salon, and I like the price." 

"And I like the pay," Rick replied.

Rick noticed Courtenay was glaring at him. He looked back at her with a puzzled expression on his face.

"I think you forgot something," she said, looking at her legs.

"Right, your legs. I was just getting to them." Rick said, standing up. 

Rick walked to the bathroom and returned with a bowl of hot water and a washcloth. Starting on the upper part of her leg he carefully wet them down with the washcloth, and then spread shaving gel on her skin. Rick focused on her legs, resisting the temptation to gawk at the rest of her naked body. With his peripheral vision he noticed she had her hands on her breasts. It took all of his willpower to watch what he was doing. With slow smooth strokes he shaved her legs.

"I could get used to this," Courtenay moaned.

"You are getting the first time customer discount, next time it will really cost you," Rick replied.

"Oh really?" she asked.

"Of course, you do get credit for referrals," Rick answered with a big grin on his face.

"So, what hobby taught you how to shave a girl's legs?" Courtenay inquired.

"Like I said, I used to be a pretty hard core road biker, and smooth legs are part of the lifestyle," Rick replied.

"You are starting to sound gay again," Courtenay replied, "not that there is anything wrong with it."

"Well, I really perfected my technique at scout camp."

"Wait, what? That makes no sense." Courtenay said.

"One of the pranks we used to pull was shaving half a guy's chest hair off while he was sleeping. You have to be very gentle not to wake them up. Some of the guys we pulled the prank on were a lot older, they would have kicked my ass if they knew it was me," Rick explained.

"That's terrible," she replied, "but also pretty funny."

"Towards the end I was able to shave shapes, like a heart", Rick said.

"Sounds like you were a dickhead."

"No, these guys deserved it. They were assholes."

"So you were some kind of razor wielding vigilante?" Courtenay asked.

"Yea, I was Razor Hood, and we are done," Rick said, holding the razor triumphantly above his head.

"You are such a dork, but a dork that does good work," Courtenay said running her hand down her leg.

Courtenay cupped her hands around her breasts, gently pinching her swollen nipples. She moaned, and then turned to Rick.

"There is a slight complication."

"What's that?" Rick asked. 

"I'm still really horny. I don't want to go to the party with hard nipples and a wet pussy. What do you suggest we do about that?" Courtenay asked. 

"I think a quickie might cure what ails you," Rick replied. 

"Do you have a condom? I don't want cum running down my leg either."

"I hear that is quite a social faux paux," Rick said with a laugh. 

"Do you have one?"

"Yes."

"Then what are you waiting for?"

"I'm waiting for you to get on your hands and knees so I can fuck you from behind"

Courtenay slowly rolled over. First she tucked her knees up under her belly, the slowly raised her ass in the air. Rick stared at her firm butt as he rolled the condom onto his erect penis. He was a little relieved she had asked him to wear it. Seeing her naked for so long had aroused him to the edge of orgasm. Next he slid a cock ring onto his erection. Nancy told him it would keep him hard longer. He watched as she spread her thighs apart, revealing her labia glistening with moisture. As she slowly straightened her arms her breasts became visible. She had not been kidding when she said her nipples were hard. The pink protrusions were quite noticeable.

Rick crawled onto the bed behind her. He put one hand on her ass, letting his thumb rest between her cheeks. With his other hand he guided the head of his cock between her legs. The sight of his cock sliding into her sent a chill down his spine. He heard her moan as he slowly filled her up. He cupped his hands around her breasts, feeling with his fingertips until he found her nipples. She let out a little whimper when he pinched her.

"I want it fast and hard," Courtenay moaned. She was glad Rick chose doggie style. The skin above her pussy was still raw from the bikini wax. She pushed her ass back against Rick's hips, fully engulfing his cock. She felt his thrust pick up speed. Each time he thrust into her she heard his hips slap against her ass. Each time he buried his cock inside her he pulled back on her tits. The tips of his fingers dug into the top of her breasts, and his palms pressed against her nipples. With a single finger extended she carefully reached back between her legs. Avoiding the newly bald skin she stroked her clit. It completed a circuit of pleasure between her tits and her pussy. The feeling started where Rick was pinching her nipples and stopped at the finger she was rubbing between her legs.

Rick knew she was fingering herself. He could feel the very tip of her nail graze against the shaft of his cock each time he thrust it into her. Her nipples were so stiff they felt like they were going to pierce the palms of his hands, but continued to hold her breasts tightly. 

"How the fuck did I end up here," Rick whispered to himself. 

Two months earlier this situation was beyond his wildest fantasy. He looked down at her ass again. He could barely see the shaft of his cock slipping in and out of her. The sight aroused him. He felt his climax building rapidly. Even with the condom on he knew holding back was a losing battle. He pulled his hips back until he was barely touching her, and then thrust forward. Each time he penetrated her she gasped. It was the sound of her excited breathing that pushed him over the edge. Rick continued to ram his cock into her as he came. He gazed down at her ass, hoping the sight of her engulfing his dick would keep him hard a little longer. He tensed the muscles in his groin. He wanted to fuck her until she came.
