 Note: I try to make each chapter stand on its own; this one does make a reference to previous chapters. You don't have to read them, but it will provide a slightly better frame of reference. 

I appreciate any feedback, suggestions or comments (even if you think I write like a third grader with ADHD). 

As always thanks to my editor Cheer_Smartie526 for keeping making this story a lot better and fixing my lame assed ending.

*

"You rode your bike over here? Do you think you were twelve again?" Nancy asked as she opened the door.

"I figured I'm going to get dirty and sweaty working in the yard, so why not get my cardio in on the way over," Rick replied.

Nancy smiled and ran her hand across Rick's chest," I'm pretty sure you will get a workout while you are here. How did the date with Courtenay go?"

"Better than expected, and she hooked me up with a friend," Rick bragged.

"Get out! Who?"

"Lynn, one of the other cheerleaders," Rick replied.

"I want to hear all about it."

"You will, in a while. I have some work to do first." Rick said smugly.

"Speaking of work, how would you like to expand your business?"

"Hell yea, I will be a starving college student in the fall. Who are you renting me out to?"

"The neighbors are both looking for some help. The guy on the right is practically a shut in. He just needs the front yard taken care of. The guy on the left... I'm not sure why he bought a house. I guess it is an investment. He is never there. Anyway, I suggested he look into making it a short term rental. He wants you to take care of the front and back yard, plus clean it up between renters. Interested?"

"Sounds great, when do I start?" Rick asked.

"Next week, until then you are all mine," Nancy said as she turned and walked into the house. Rick followed close behind, admiring the way the bikini she was wearing showed off her ass. He reached out to untie her top, but she was too far ahead of him.

Rick stopped in his tracks when he entered the kitchen. He could not believe what he saw.

"What is that on top of the refrigerator?"

"That's my ACR, do you want to see it? Or do you want to give me shit about buying something that is over hyped?"

"Yes please," Rick replied.

Nancy reached up and grabbed the rifle. She quickly checked the magazine well and chamber to ensure it was unloaded. She paused and looked at Rick.

"Have you ever held a rifle before?" she asked.

"Yes, but not one of those. I have only played with those in Call of Duty. Holy shit, yours has a suppressor!" Rick said excitedly.

Nancy held the rifle out to Rick, "Keep it pointed in a safe direction, and finger off the trigger."

Rick gingerly took the rifle from Nancy. He smiled broadly; he shouldered it, keeping the muzzle pointed at the floor.

"Is this the 6.8 or 5.56?"

"Neither, I found a place to make me a 300 blackout barrel," she answered.

"Nice. But why is it on top of the fridge?"

"We have a coyote problem. Sharon's little girl was bitten by one last week, and this morning I saw one in the back yard. That thing shows up again he will be a rug."

"Don't you think your neighbors will mind when your back yard sounds like downtown Kabul?" Rick asked.

Nancy took the rifle back from Rick and grabbed the magazine from the top of the fridge. She inserted it into the rifle, chambered a round and opened the back door.

"See the soda can by the back fence?" she asked.

"You are not really..." Rick was interrupted by a low thump, and the can flew into the air.

"See, ain't nobody gonna hear nuthin unless I miss my head shot. Then they might hear a whimper before I take out the varmint. No dingo is going to eat my baby." she said coldly.

"What if you miss?"

"I will probably hit a tree."

"And if you miss the tree?" Rick continued his inquisition

"Then my eight foot high, two foot thick stone wall will have a little more character," Nancy replied," now do you want to stand there and ask stupid questions or take a shot at the can?"

Rick held his hands out. Nancy removed the magazine, engaged the safety and handed it to him.

"You get one shot, don't fuck up."

Rick shouldered the rifle and looked through the Trijicon sight. What he was holding in his hand was probably worth more than he would make all summer. He found the can lying on the ground next to a tree. It was lying on a bed of mulch, which meant no chance of ricochet.

"I think I have finally found something that will keep you from staring at my tits," Nancy giggled.

"Not for long, I only have one shot," Rick replied.

He put his finger on the trigger and slowly squeezed. The rifle jumped back in his grip and the can tumbled end over end towards the wall. Rick put the safety back on and returned the rifle to Nancy.

"A worthy distraction, but only temporarily," he said, as he handed it to Nancy. Rick found himself gazing at her breasts and licking his lips.

Nancy placed the rifle and magazine back on the top of the fridge, and then picked up her laptop.

"We both have some work to do. I will be out by the pool, so don't think you can slack off on the yard work, because I will be watching you," she said as she sauntered towards the back door. She stopped to bend over and pick up the two brass cases that were on the kitchen floor. After setting them on the counter, she headed to the pool.

Rick attended to his tasks quickly, occasionally pausing to gawk at Nancy. She was lying by the pool in a bikini that did not leave much to his imagination. Rick rationalized that since he wasn't using his brain to imagine her naked, he could use that mental capacity on his tasks. As he cleaned the pool he stole glances at her firm round ass. When he tested the chlorine levels in the pool he stared at her cleavage. The sight of her breasts almost spilling out of her bikini top caused his dick to swell. He walked around the yard to give himself a break. Rick picked up the can they had been shooting at. He still could not believe she had fired a rifle from inside her house. There were two holes in the can. The one in the dead center was no doubt hers. 

Nancy basked in the afternoon sun and in Rick's lustful stare. She looked at him just as much, but she was a bit more discreet. She knew if he caught her glance neither one of them would finish their work. Landscaping work was her favorite of his assigned tasks. Several of the chores required his strength, and seeing his muscles flex gave her a warm feeling between her legs. She could not wait to hear about his exploits with the cheerleaders. The image of Courtenay riding Rick's cock popped into her mind and Nancy moaned to herself. She shook the thought out of her head before it lead her astray.

"When does Jake get back from his play date?" Rick asked from across the yard.

"He will not be home until after dinner," she shouted back.

"Excellent," Rick whispered to himself as he walked back towards the pool. As he approached Nancy closed her computer and stood up.

"You are a mess. Rinse off in the pool house and we can take a quick dip in the pool." She said.

"A skinny dip?" Rick asked.

"Perhaps, now go get cleaned up."

When she heard the shower start Nancy stripped off her swimsuit. Although she was nearly naked with the bikini on, she felt a thrill when she was totally completely nude. The early evening sun warmed her skin as she strode to the edge of the pool. Nancy dove in. The cool water raised goose bumps on her skin and made her nipples stiff. She popped to the surface, slowly treading water, listening for the shower to stop. When it did she took a deep breath and sunk to the bottom of the pool.

She felt Rick's entry. He did not dive in gracefully. The entire pool reverberated with a concussive thunk. It was like someone dropped a depth change in, but it was just Rick's perfectly executed canon ball. Nancy wondered if he had seen that she was naked. She had no doubt that he was. She wondered if he was as brazen around other people. She slowly drifted to the surface. Even without goggles on she could see Rick was naked and had an erection. She surfaced to find him bobbing up and down in the middle of the pool.

"So are you going to tell me of your conquests?" she asked.

"Now?" 

"You have made me wait long enough," Nancy replied 

Rick had a confused look on his face, "You want me to tell you about having sex with other women?"

"Duh!" 

"You are one twisted chick."

"And it turns you on, doesn't it," she said with a smile.

"Fuck yea it does. Can we get out of the pool?"

"No. We stay in until you finish telling me about Courtenay." she insisted.

Rick began his tale of how he had blindfolded and tied up his date, then driven her to a cabin outside of town. He recounted the story of blowjobs, sex, showers and more sex. Each time Nancy's breasts broke the surface of the water Rick would stutter and stumble until she sank down again. Nancy moaned involuntarily when Rick described fucking Courtenay in the ass. Finally Rick concluded his story and they swam to the side of the pool. Rick hauled himself out of the water and collapsed on the deck of the pool. Nancy hung on the side of the pool.

"I don't think I have ever had so much fun treading water," Nancy panted.

"I don't think I have ever treaded water with a hard on before," Rick replied.

"Have I met Lynn?" Nancy asked.

"No, the only cheerleader you know is Courtenay," Rick answered.

"I'd like to meet them all. The stories will be much hotter if I know what they all the cheerleaders look like."

"Maybe," Rick started, "if the cheer team had a party you could meet them all at once. I wonder if anyone I know has a nice place with a pool for a party like that."

"I think I can arrange that, but no booze and no drugs. You tell your friends to leave that shit at home or else."

"Or else what?" Rick asked.

"Or they will be missing longer than Jimmy Hoffa. If you don't have the balls to do something sober, you probably have no business doing it at all. Trust me; you will want to remember all the crazy shit you did some day."

"Does that mean we are going to have chaperones?" Rick asked.

"A few," Nancy replied," I will explain later."

Nancy launched herself out of the pool and began to crawl towards Rick. She stopped when her face was directly above his. She watched the water drip from her hair splash against his face. Slowly she lowered her head until her lips pressed gently against his. She kissed him on the cheek, then the chin. Her lips worked along his jaw. Nancy traced the edge of Rick's ear with her tongue, eliciting a soft moan from him. Her eyes darted towards his feet. She could see his hard cock raised above the rest of his body. As she began to kiss and lick his neck her breasts brushed against his scalp. The feeling of his hair bristling against the soft flesh of her tits sent a warm feeling through her body. Nancy thought she heard Rick smacking his lips as her nipples inched closer to his waiting mouth.

Nancy inched forward, pressing her mouth to Rick's chest and engulfing his head in her ample cleavage. Right away she felt his lips and tongue begin to devour her tits. With just her fingertips she teased Rick's nipples until they were stiff as nails, then she swirled her warm wet tongue around them. She looked up again. His cock was quivering with anticipation. A bubble of precum hung precariously from the tip. She reached out and wiped it off with her finger. Rick's penis jerked at her touch and she felt him moan with his face buried between her tits .Nancy felt an aching emptiness between her legs. It was tempting to climb on to his cock and ride him reverse cowgirl until he exploded. She had no doubt he would satisfy her, but she wanted to taste him first. Nancy lunged forward, pressing her lips to the head of Rick's cock. Nancy inhaled Rick's throbbing cock, enjoying every inch that filled her mouth and throat. She used her shins to pin his arms down. She felt him flail his arms. Nancy wondered if Rick was mocking her or just playing along. She knew he could easily toss her back into the pool. She kept her hips beyond his reach, avoiding the distraction of him going down on her. He would have to be satisfied with just looking at her dripping wet cunt for the time being.

From the moment she lunged forward Rick was on the verge of orgasm. The feeling of her firm breasts and stiff nipples on his belly was more arousing than he remembered. Rick slowly thrust his hips up as she swallowed his cock. She was slowly rocking back and forth, tempting him with sight of her sex. She kept her body just beyond his reach, but close enough that he could feel the heat radiating from her skin. Nancy's warm mouth surrounded his cock. Her wet tongue gently caressed it. Her palms pressed down on his thighs and her fingertips lightly stroked the inside of his legs. She rocked back again. Rick raised his head and craned his neck, but once again she denied him. Her labia were swollen and wet and just beyond his reach. Once again she swallowed him. He was pretty sure the head of his cock was in her throat. When she slid her mouth off this time she spent a little more time with her lips wrapped around the head of his dick. Nancy's tongue swirled around it. Her fingertips moved up to lightly stroke his balls. She was making it clear that she wanted him to cum in her mouth.

"Oh, that's it," he groaned, 'don't stop."

Her response was a muffled moan as she drifted forward. He felt her raise her body up so that her breasts could slide against his wet skin. She began moving back and forth with greater speed. Her head twisted from side to side, Rick could feel his dick pressing against her cheeks. He noticed she was rocking her hips back and forth as well, fucking an imaginary cock as she sucked him off.

"I'm going to come, please don't stop, please don't stop. Yes. Yes. Yes." Rick cried out. His muscles tensed, trying to hold on just a little bit longer. A feeling of euphoria enveloped him.

Nancy could taste Rick leaking into her mouth. She was surprised he had held out for so long. She felt a thrill that she could bring him to this state with her mouth. She longed to feel him between her legs, and had no doubt that he would be just as diligent in getting her to climax. It felt like his cock was swelling even larger in her mouth as his orgasm approached. She could feel his eyes staring at her sex, willing it to be closer. Nancy wiggled her ass to taunt him even more. She wondered what thoughts were going through his mind. A loud groan was her only warning before he flooded her mouth with thick, hot cum. Nancy let it fill her cheeks until she looked like chipmunk, the gulped it down. She could feel the warmth all the way down her throat as Rick pumped his load into her. She continued to suck on his cock even after the torrent has slowed to a trickle. When she was certain she had every drop she let his penis slip from her mouth, and slowly lowered herself onto Rick's face.

The first thought to emerge from the fog of orgasm was relief that he was laying down. Rick was certain his legs were jello. As he felt the cold night air on his dick instead of Nancy's warm mouth, he noticed she had moved close enough for him to reach. She lifted her shins off his arms. He quickly wrapped them around her thighs, pressing his fingers into her warm, wet flesh. He had no intention of going slow. Rick slid his hands up on to her ass and pulled her down against his waiting mouth. He was rewarded with the exquisite feeling of her against his lips. He thrust his tongue into her and she moaned with approval.

Nancy had anticipated that Rick would be eager to reciprocate, but he was exceeding her expectation. In contrast to the evening air, Rick's mouth and tongue felt like fire between her legs. She closed her eyes and concentrated on the wonderful feeling that covered her sex. She moved her hips up and down, fucking his face just has he had done to her. Now it was her breasts that ached for contact, almost like they were jealous of the attention her vagina was getting. She considered leaning forward to press her tits against Rick's half hard cock. Nancy decided against it as the first trace of her climax wandered up from between her legs. It was as if the sexual energy of Rick's orgasm was flowing into her. One of his hands had slipped down between her legs, allowing him to penetrate her with his fingers. The other hand cupped her ass. Rick's tongue was completely focused on her clit. His tongue swirled around her pearl, occasionally tapping it. He had two fingers inside her now, hinting at the feeling of fullness he would give her when his erection returned. She opened her eyes slightly and looked between Rick's legs. His cock was no longer stiff enough to stand out from his body; it was still swollen to an impressive girth. She closed her eyes again as her climax inched closer. She felt her arms growing weak, and she lowered herself onto Rick. Her breasts flattened against him and her nipples pressed into his flesh. This only seemed to encourage him. He was pressing his thumb inside her now, and his wet fingers rested between her ass checks.

Her orgasm surged though her body. Nancy's legs splayed out the side and she collapsed onto Rick. He did not seem to notice. He continued to devour her sex as she cried out in ecstasy. Only when her screams turned to a soft whimper did he stop.

Slowly she rolled off of him and on to the cold hard pool deck. She felt him straddle her limp body. He kissed her mixing his cum on her lips with her own on his lips.

"I hope are not worn out", she moaned.

"Not at all," he replied," and I have another story for you."

"Are you going to tell me about fucking Lynn?" she asked, finding a second wind.

"Says the guy that watched me have sex on Skype while he jerked off," Nancy retorted.

"Point taken."

Nancy hauled herself into a sitting position," How about I give you a back rub while you tell me your story. Go lay on one of the lounges."

Rick felt Nancy just above his ass. Her hands pressed into his shoulder blades as he began to speak. He told her about Lynn leading him though the empty school to the nurse's office. Rick described the toys she had brought along. When he told Nancy about Lynn's pierced nipples she leaned down and lightly rubbed her breasts up and down his back. He could feel her nipples dragging along his skin as she rocked back and forth. When he told her about being tied up while Lynn rode him like a cowgirl she sat up straight, and he could feel the warmth of her sex in the small of his back. When the told her about fucking Lynn in the ass Nancy laid down on him and pressed her hips against his ass. 

"You better have a hard on," Nancy moaned, "or I am going door to door until I find someone who can fuck me."

"You don't need to go anywhere," Rick replied.

Nancy stood up and watched Rick rise from the lounge. She smiled at the sight of his throbbing erection. Rick bent down and picked up Nancy's discard clothing. He turned to face her and seized her wrists. Slowly he wound her bikini bottoms around her wrists until she was tightly bound, and then wrapped her top around her head until she could not see. He guided her down until she was sitting on the edge of the lounge. He grabbed Nancy by the ankles. He lifted her legs until she was flat on her back. Nancy writhed on the lounge, tugging on the makeshift restraints on her wrist. Rick smiled as he spread her legs apart.

"Play with your pussy." he instructed.

"What?" Nancy replied, slightly confused at the turn of events.

"I want to see you finger yourself."

"And if I don't?" Nancy replied defiantly.

Nancy felt her legs being pressed back together and pushed toward her head. She could tell Rick was holding both her ankles with one hand. She did not have to wonder for long where the other hand was. She felt him thrust it between her legs. The first time he penetrated her with a single finger, then two, and finally three. His digits slide easily into her wet pussy. He pulled them out and she heard him begin to stroke his cock.
