 Thanks to my editor Cheer_Smartie526 for all the help with the story. Huge improvements, as always.

This is a related to chapter 13, but pretty much stands on its own. You will understand the Trinity character a little better if you read chapter 13 first.

Votes and comments are greatly appreciated. 

*

Trinity pinned Nancy's wrists to the bed and pressed her lips to Nancy's mouth. As she pried Nancy's lips apart with her tongue Trinity forced her own thigh between Nancy's legs. Trinity moaned as she felt the heat and wetness of Nancy's pussy on her own leg.

"More," Nancy moaned, "do that some more. Don't stop until you make me cum."

Trinity pressed her own body against Nancy's. The two women kissed passionately. It was exactly the way Trinity had always imagined it.

Trinity awoke and sat upright in bed. She gasped for breath. The dream had been so real. Her nipples were so swollen they ached and the bed had a large wet spot between her legs. She glanced at the clock; it was three in the morning. 

Trinity picked up her phone and texted Nancy.

I want a rematch.

Much to her surprise the reply appeared seconds later.

As do I. Sunday. 9 am at the park.

A shiver went down her spine as she read Nancy's reply. Trinity set her phone down and curled up under her blanket, hoping her dream would pick up where it left off.

It had been an excruciating long two days since Nancy agreed to a rematch. It was finally Sunday. The weather was perfect; the only thing that could have made the day better would be news that Rick, her competition for Nancy's affection, had sprained his ankle or suddenly turned gay. 

Trinity laid her outfit on the bed next to her pack. The thin hydration pack contained her wallet, phone, water, pistol and pepper spray. 

The weaponry was something Nancy insisted on. Trinity had never heard the entire story, but Nancy had found herself in an unpleasant situation and had been forced to fight her way out of it. Ever since then Nancy had insisted her friends be ready for the unthinkable. The lesson had become so ingrained that Trinity did not give a second thought about carrying an assortment of weapons wherever she could.

For the rematch he she had chosen a tan front zip sports bra and bottoms that were scandalously short. If she bent over to touch her toes she would reveal her panties, if she chose to wear any. She did not plan to lose to Rick this time. Trinity acknowledged that she could not beat Rick in a game of pure speed. She would have to outwit him. Trinity suspected that Nancy unconsciously stacked the deck in Rick's favor because she liked having sex with men. That would change today. Today Nancy was going to learn how spectacular sex with another woman could be. 

Trinity felt her nipples stiffen as she dreamed of Nancy's warm soft lips around them. Trinity accepted that she might not feel Nancy's hand caress her breasts or Nancy's mouth on her own. Just the thought of bringing Nancy to climax, of seeing her friends body writhe with pleasure, was a reason to win this contest.

Trinity put her hand between her legs. Her pussy was completely smooth. She had gone to the saloon for a complete wax job. She did not want a single hair between Nancy's mouth and her own labia should the opportunity present itself. With a single finger she stroked her pussy. She was already wet with desire. With great effort Trinity took her hand away from her sex. She did not have time for another fantasy about Nancy. Trinity picked up her shorts and slipped them on. When she saw Rick she planned on giving him quite a show. Maybe running with an erection would slow him down a bit.

Rick peeled off his shirt and kicked off his shorts. Ever since Nancy called and explained the terms of the rematch his cock had been fully erect. There was no way he could be out in public looking the way he did, much less run. He picked up a bottle of sunscreen and poured some into his hand. It was one of the bottles Nancy had given to him, the smell of it remind Rick of her. He lay on his bed and smeared the creamy lotion on to his cock. Images of both Nancy and Trinity filled his head. Part of him wanted Trinity to win. The sight of Nancy and Trinity naked was one of his fantasies. He imagined a ball of arms, legs, breasts, pussies and mouths squirming and writhing about as the two women kissed, licked, caressed and sucked on each other. Even better would be a threesome.

First Rick imaged Trinity on her hands and knees with her face buried between Nancy's legs. He would be behind Trinity with his hands on her firm ass and his cock buried deep inside her pussy. Another thought flashed through his mind. Trinity would be on her back with her long lean legs wrapped around his waist. As he rammed his cock into her Nancy would straddle her friends face. When he saw Nancy's face contort with pleasure he would pull her mouth against his own. The thought of fucking Trinity and kissing Nancy at the same time brought Rick to edge of orgasm. In his fantasy Nancy climaxed with Rick's tongue in her mouth and Trinity's tongue in her pussy. Back in the real world Rick felt thick streams of cum splatter across his chest and face as he reached his own orgasm.

When he saw himself in the bathroom mirror with cum splattered all over his body his first thought was how Nancy somehow found seeing him like this a turn on. He cleaned himself up with a wet washcloth and got dressed. Maybe his erection would be held at bay long enough for him to catch Nancy.

Rick arrived at the starting point to find Trinity already there. She waved cordially and began stretching. She looked fantastic. From a distance her tight fitting sports bra blended with her skin so well she looked topless. Her running shorts scarcely covered her ass cheeks. Despite his earlier attempt at deflating his erection Rick felt his cock begin to stiffen. Nervously he tugged on his T-shirt, trying to cover his bulging crotch. It wasn't fair, he thought, Trinity swollen nipples were something every guy at the park wanted to stare at, but his erection made his look like a pervert. 

Rick watched Trinity bend down and touch her palms to the ground. Her shorts rode up allowing Rick a glimpse of her naked pussy. She was not wearing underwear, not even a thong. Rick dropped to one knee and re-tied his shoe as a ruse to hide his erection. He could not wait for Nancy to arrive and the chase to start.

"I'm going to win this time," Trinity said.

Rick looked up from his shoe. Trinity was standing right in front of him. He could smell her arousal. It was all he could do not to moan in appreciation of her sex appeal.

"I don't know about that. Second place is the first loser," he replied. Even though letting her win would mean getting to see both Trinity and Nancy naked he knew he would push himself to win.

"And when I win," Trinity continued, "I'm not going to share. You have had Nancy to yourself plenty of times. This time she is mine. You are more than welcome to toss off from a distance, but don't even try to join in, you wanker."

Rick stood up. He was taller than Trinity but not by much. Her height intrigued him. Being well over six feet tall he towered over most women. If Trinity had been wearing heels they might see eye to eye.

"Break it up you two," Nancy said as she approached them. She shook her head. The two of them could not be any more different. Trinity's outfit hugged her tall lean body, showing off every curve. She looked at Rick with a combination of fierce rivalry and general disinterest.

Rick worn loose fitting clothing that covered his bulky frame. Although they were almost the same height, Rick probably outweighed Trinity by about eighty pounds. Where she was thin and sleek he was thick and muscular. The expression on his face was not hostile. It was lust and frustration at what he knew he would never have.

"Here are the rules. Both of you will head to your start points. Send me a picture of it when you get there. I will let you know when the game has started. Every 10 minutes you will get my next checkpoint. I plan on running 10 minute miles, so you should have about four minutes to come up with a plan to intercept me. I have to be alone when you catch me. If there is anyone, and I mean anyone in sight when you touch me it does not count," Nancy looked at Rick, "Once you catch me you can carry me off or whatever. This time I will allow for sharing, or sloppy seconds. Winner's choice."

Rick realized he had been staring at Nancy as she talked. As always she was drop dead sexy. She was wearing a tie dye sports bra with no apparent fasteners and tight fitting black shorts. There was a small waist pack resting just above her ass. A pouch on one side contained her water bottle. A pouch on the opposite side contained a canister of pepper spray.Over her shoulder Rick noticed Trinity was holding two fingers over her mouth and thrusting her tongue between them. For a lesbian she certainty seemed to enjoy being a prick tease. When Trinity noticed he was looking at her she put her hand on her shorts and pulled them tight against herself. The outline of her labia was clearly visible through the sheer material. Rick noticed Nancy was saying something.

"Rick, it is time to go. Your start point is two blocks away. Get moving."

As Trinity turned around and starting jogging to her start point a grin of self satisfaction spread across her face. Rick's loose clothing had failed to hide his growing erection. She was certain that would slow him down. Teasing him had been fun. She did not hold Rick's masculinity against him. She was a bit jealous that Nancy preferred sex with him, or rather men in general. Trinity simply did not understand the attraction. She had tried sex with the opposite sex in college. She found men to be awkward and clumsy. Women were much more graceful. Rick was a perfect example. He had all the charm and subtlety of an aircraft carrier. He could certainly project a lot of force, but he seemed unrefined.

Standing at the start point with Trinity out of sight Rick felt his cock finally returning to a relaxed state. He did his best to put both women out of his mind. Speed and stamina were his advantages in this game. He knew Nancy's start point was the park where they met. He planned to intercept her quickly and then trail her. He would simply pressure her to pick up the pace. Eventually Trinity would simply drop from exhaustion and then Nancy would be his. His phone buzzed, it was the start signal and the first checkpoint. He thought for a second and then took off on a course to intercept Nancy.

The second the start signal arrived Trinity began to run. She knew that getting to Nancy before Rick did wasn't going to happen. Instead she picked a course that would let her see Nancy as quickly as possible. As long as she had eye contact Rick would be unable to do anything. She planned on letting him sprint himself into the ground and then take Nancy at her own pace. As she rounded the first corner Trinity looked down the long street. She saw Rick first. It almost appeared he was leaving a wake as he ran through the light crowd of people out for a jog. A few seconds later Trinity spotted Nancy about two hundred yards ahead of Rick. Trinity began to shuffle towards Nancy and Rick.

With a flick of her wrist Nancy checked the time. She was right on the pace she had planned. The cool morning air felt refreshing as it rushed over her body. It was cool enough that she was not sweating yet, but still warm enough to allow for minimal clothing. Unlike Trinity, Nancy had not dressed to undress. Her outfit would take a bit of time to remove. It appeared Trinity had chosen a wardrobe that could be stripped away in seconds. On the horizon Trinity popped into view. The near skin tone top made her look like she was shirtless. Nancy smiled as she watched the men around Trinity do a double take as she passed them by. The thought of giving herself over to Trinity made Nancy a little nervous. She had kissed other women before but nothing like what Trinity probably had planned. There was no guarantee that Trinity would be the victor in their little game. Nancy was quite familiar with Rick's drive to win. Nancy frowned as she came to a busy intersection. There was too much traffic to cross until the light changed. She looked over her shoulder. Rick was trapped in a similar situation a block behind her. A quick scan of the area revealed Trinity on her slow and steady intercept course. The light changed and Nancy began running again.

After an awkward fight with his Trinity-inspired erection at the start Rick was finally picking up speed. For the past five minutes he had been constantly calling out to the runners in front of him, warning them he was about to pass. Trinity was nowhere to be seen but Nancy was just over a block in front of him. A red light and a lot of cross traffic stopped Rick one block behind his target. While he was waiting for the traffic to let up he began looking for Trinity. He spotted her almost two blocks away. Her tall, lean form was unmistakable even at this distance. Rick's mind began to fill with fantasies that included Trinity. He forced other thoughts into his head before his dick began to swell again. There would be plenty of time to think of Trinity's graceful form later. Right now he had a race to win.

Nancy glanced at her watch again. The traffic at the last intersection had put her behind. Ahead was a large hotel. Nancy recalled that it had entrances on both sides of the block, providing a short cut to her first check point. She ducked into a small crowd of guests that were waiting for a shuttle and entered the hotel. Slowing to a walk she crossed the spacious lobby and exited the opposite side. In less than a minute she was running again and back on schedule.

Trinity realized she had lost sight of Nancy. She scanned the crowded sidewalk but could only see Rick. He was lumbering through the throng of people with single minded determination. Trinity reversed direction. Now she was going the same direction as her competition. Trinity wondered if Rick's determination extended to his bedroom activities. Maybe that is what Nancy kept him around for. With long strides she closed the distance between herself and the first checkpoint.

Rick scanned the crowd for Nancy but could not see her. He did see Trinity abruptly turn around and begin running towards the checkpoint. Somehow Nancy must have slipped past her. Rick sprinted forward until he was less than fifty feet behind his competition. If Trinity wanted him to stare at her he would accommodate her until he found Nancy again. Rick observed he was not the only person gawking at the tall runner in front of him. Almost every man and several women watched her intently as she ran by. As he watched her firm ass peeking out from under her running shorts Rick began to imagine Trinity naked. Given her current outfit it did not take much effort to mentally undress her. He had noted that she appeared very smooth when she pulled her shorts tight against her skin at the start point. Rick imagined her pussy was completely bald. He stumbled as his growing erection tangled in his shorts. Cursing himself he focused on her hair instead. For a few moments he watched her pony tail bouncing side to side and his erection began to subside. The he began to think of using it to pull her head back as he rammed his cock into her. Rick began to sprint again. He had to get ahead of Trinity, being behind her was a liability.

Trinity was a bit surprised when Rick passed her. She increased her own pace to keep up with him. As she watched him run a scant twenty feet to her front she could not help but admire his build. He was quite a specimen for his gender. Each time he pushed off the muscles in his legs were clearly defined. Despite the quick pace he did not seem winded and his running form was near perfect. Trinity appreciated the effort he must have put in to be in such good shape. As they rounded the corner she scanned the area for a sign of Nancy. Thankfully they started down a gentle slope, which made for easy running and provided an excellent view of the first checkpoint.

After a brief pause Nancy began to run again. She was a bit late to the first checkpoint. While she was stopped she saw both Rick and Trinity heading toward her. The first two checkpoints were just to tire them out. There was no way she would have been alone at either of them. It was the third checkpoint where they would have a chance to take her. As she continued to run she spotted another possible shortcut, a narrow alley between two buildings. It could contain some unpleasant obstacles but it would put her at the second checkpoint right on time. She turned into the alley.

Nancy slowed as she ran down the trash-strewn pathway, trying to avoid the broken glass and other debris. Suddenly two young men stepped out in front of her, blocking the alley.

"Hey pretty lady, what are you doing here?" the first said menacingly.

"Maybe you want to show us your tits?" the second added.

Nancy turned to leave the way she came but a third man had appeared behind her. With her left hand she pulled out her pepper spray.

"You don't want to do that," the third man said, "That would just make me mad."

Nancy's right hand moved towards the G36 pistol in her waist pack.

"Fuck," she whispered to herself, "This is Kabul all over again."

Rick looked over his shoulder, but Trinity was nowhere to be seen. When he looked ahead he saw Nancy turn into an alley almost a block ahead of him. If Trinity had slipped into the lead she could catch Nancy in the deserted alley. He broke into a full sprint, irritated that the game could end so soon.

Trailing about thirty feet behind Rick, Trinity saw him break into a sprint. She did not know why, but she suspected he saw an opportunity to catch Nancy alone. She accelerated forward knowing that she probably could not catch him.

Nancy's pulse was racing as she contemplated her options. She could try to talk her way out, but they did not seem to listen very well. It would be hard to pepper spray all three of them. She could shoot the one in front of her but it probably was not justifiable at this point. She cursed herself for taking this short cut. Then she heard Rick's voice echoing down the alley.

"Motherfucker," he screamed. All four heads turned toward Rick. His chest was heaving as he skidded to a stop. His well muscled legs bulged under his shorts. To Nancy he looked like he was about to transform into The Hulk. The three men turned and ran towards the opposite end of the alley. Nancy ran as well, but toward Rick.

"I'm so glad..." Nancy started to say before Rick interrupted her.

"Sprinted... entire... block..." he gasped, "thought I was going to lose race. Thought Trinity was... in the alley."

Rick eyes locked on the pepper spray in Nancy's hand.

"Holy shit, those guys..." he stammered.

"They were just some punks. I don't think they will try that again anytime soon, if ever. They way you yelled I thought you were going to rip that one guy's head clean off. Maybe you do have a little fighter in you," Nancy replied.

"I came around the corner and saw you were not alone. Sorry, I am not a good loser."

"No, Rick you did not lose. The race is still on," she said and kissed him on the cheek before running back out on to the street. She would have to make up the time a different way. No more short cuts.

Rick watched Nancy jog down the street. His legs felt like they were on fire after the sprint to the alley. As he was catching his breath Trinity arrived. She was just as out of breath as he was.

"Is...it...still on?" she panted.

Rick looked at her and nodded. He did not want her to know he was just as spent as she was. He grimaced as he felt his cock stir again. Rick tried to look away but could not. Trinity was three feet in front of him, bent at the waist, with her hands on her thighs. Her sports bra was so sheer it looked painted on. Atop each of her B cup breasts was the distinct protrusion of an erect nipple. Her tits were like half spheres on her chest, each one a perfect curve. For the first time Rick noticed another detail about Trinity. Her areolas were slightly raised, giving her nipples a puffy appearance. Trinity's bra pulled her breasts together giving her more cleavage than Rick expected to see. Her skin was covered in sweat. With great effort Rick casually walked behind her. He wanted to yank her shorts down and ram his cock into her. Her long legs put her pussy at the perfect height for him. Rick closed his eyes and shook his head, trying to dislodge the image before his dick reacted to it.
