 This story include a character from Chapter 12. It should make sense even if you have not read the chapter, but there are some references to it. I hope you enjoy the story- TK

*

It was a dark and stormy night. The rumble of thunder rattled the windows, although it was barely audible over the sound of the rain pelting against the glass. The power had flickered on and off a few times, so Rick had turned off his computer. It had been a busy but uneventful day. Everyone he knew was out of town, and the rest of his family had taken an overnight trip to see a concert. He had stayed behind to work. Rick's yard service had grown a bit more than he had expected. Several of his clients were due back on Monday, so he had to make sure all of the yards looked good. Cleaning up after the storm would probably take most of the weekend.

Between the flashes of lightning, Rick noticed the glare of headlights; a car was pulling into the driveway. He wasn't expecting any visitors, so he pulled the curtain aside to see if the car was just turning around. Much to his surprise, the car stopped and the lights went out. A small figure emerged and came sprinting towards the front door of the house.

The sound of frantic knocking startled Rick even though he had been expecting it. He peered through the peephole. The dripping wet visitor pulled back the hood of her jacket to reveal a familiar face. It was Lynn's friend, the one that had refused to tell her name. Rick looked again to verify she was alone, and then opened the door.

"Hello. Come inside and get out of the weather," he offered.

"Thanks. I know you probably thought you would never see me again, but there are some things you should know," Rick's guest blurted out.

"Okay," Rick said warily.

"For starters, my name is Kenzie. I have not been able to stop thinking about you..." she confessed.

Rick glanced at the hall closet. Behind that door was a shotgun secured with a biometric lock. Rick wiped his hand on his shorts so the sensor would get a good read if he needed it.

Kenzie continued, "Not in a 'Fatal Attraction' way. If I'm freaking you out just say so and I will leave."

"No, I'm glad to see you again. Lynn had said the two of you might visit some time; she just did not say when. Give me your coat; let's go sit down," Rick said.

Kenize removed her jacket to reveal her lithe body. It was clad in a short skirt and a tight fitting T shirt that showed off her small breasts. The form fitting material also displayed her swollen nipples, although Rick suspected the cold rain was probably responsible for them. Rick took her raincoat and hung it by the door, then led her into the living room.

"So, no Lynn?" Rick asked.

"No, we had a plan to seduce you, the two of us, but I got impatient" Kenize said.

"The two of you are pretty irresistible. I hope the plan was for you to be a bit more involved than last time," Rick said. He wondered if he was saying too much. 

Kenzie blushed, her red skin contrasting oddly with her hair, which was dyed purple, "Yea, about that. That was the plan. After last time I wish I'd been a lot more involved. I wish I hadn't left so soon, but I didn't know what else to do," 

"You seemed to know what you were doing," Rick said, as he sat down on the couch.

Kenzie looked around the room, and then chose to sit next to Rick. 

There was a loud clap of thunder, and the lights went out. The soft glow from a nightlight that had a battery backup barely illuminated the room. All through the house UPS units beeped, warning that they were starting their shutdown procedures.

Kenzie felt a sense of relief. It would be easier to make her confession in the dark, "So the reason Lynn was supposed to join me was to show me what to do. I know this is going to sound strange, but I'm a virgin."

"But last time you were naked and all over me. You are really pushing the limits of being a virgin. Do you get off on being a tease?" Rick replied.

"A little," Kenzie replied sheepishly, "but it's more than that. Part of it is guys. A lot of them let me know I'm not their first choice, always checking out some chick with big tits. And some of them are just assholes. And I'm a little bit scared, you know, that it will hurt, so I've never gone all the way. Are you mad?"

"No, A virgin dominatrix, that is pretty fucking cool."

"I had to tell you that; I hope you don't think I'm...." Kenzie mumbled.

"Strange?" Rick asked "Because I thought I could beat you on strange."

"I was going to say damaged," Kenzie replied. "So you don't think I'm not damaged?" Kenzi asked softly.

"Quite certain,but I think I was wrong about one thing. You have me beat on strange. The best I can do is bang a friend's mom. I'm not sure I understand why you do it." Rick replied.

"You'd be surprised how many people on the internet want someone to tease them. I started doing it to get back at all the guys that treated me badly. I've only done it in person a few times, always with Lynn and the guy has always been tied up. You're the first guy I have wanted to do more with than just tease," Kenzie confessed.

"I'm flattered, but I don't think you have anything to be scared of," Rick replied

"I... I've seen your dick; it looks way too big," Kenzie explained.

Rick smiled. At best his penis was slightly above average in size, but he enjoyed being called big.

"Maybe you just need a lot of foreplay," Rick suggested.

"I've tried all kinds of toys, but nothing, well, nothing fit. Lynn and I even fooled around a little bit. I get really wet, but I never, uh, loosen up." Kenzie replied.

"Maybe you just need to wait a little longer," Rick replied, wondering if her pussy would become wider as she got older.

"Yea, that was kind of my plan until I watched you fuck Lynn. I've never come has hard as she did. Ever since I saw her ride your cock, well, rubbing my pussy just isn't enough. I don't think you can understand. I want to be penetrated," Kenzie said, wincing at the way the words sounded once they passed her lips.

"There's some vodka in the cabinet, do you think that would help?" Rick asked. There was just enough light to see that Kenzie's nipples were still quite swollen.

"No, I don't want to be drunk when it happens. I want to remember it, and I want it to be memorable, that's why I want it to be with you." Kenzie said.

"You really want to do this?" Rick asked.

Kenzie reached out and grabbed Rick's hand. She lifted her skirt and pressed his fingers between her legs. Rick felt her skin. It was wet and hot. He pressed his finger between her labia and felt her squirm. Rick felt an ache spread down the length of his erection. He wanted to be inside her, but at the same time the thought of causing her pain troubled him.

"Maybe if we go really slowly," Rick offered.

Kenzie frowned. Lynn had said the same thing when they had sex. Lynn had buried her head between Kenzie's legs until Kenzie came not once, but twice. Still, Lynn had never been able to get a single finger into Kenzie's dripping wet pussy.

"I don't know," Kenzie said, touching Rick's lips. She slipped one finger into his mouth, then two. The she tried to push her whole hand into his mouth. Rick jerked his head back as she tried to stretch his lips far enough apart to accommodate her entire hand. "See what I mean?"

"Point taken," Rick replied.

"Sorry, I couldn't think of another way to make you understand," Kenzie said.

"Well, I would hate for this to be a wasted trip. Maybe we could just fool around and see what happens. I promise I will not hurt you. Do you trust me?" Rick said.

"That's why I'm here... because I trust you," Kenzie answered.

Rick leaned forward and kissed Kenzie on the mouth. Much to his surprise, she offered no resistance. He did not expect her to completely suppress her desire to be dominant. Rick put his hands on her hips and hooked his thumbs under her shirt. He kissed her on the lips again, then peeled her shirt off, and tossed it on the floor.

As the thin fabric of her shirt slid over her head, Kenzie felt her pulse accelerate. She forced herself to remember that she trusted Rick, even though she had only met him once. Part of the trust was based on what Lynn had told him, and part of it was a gut feeling. Kenzie knew Rick could easily have freed himself the afternoon she had him tied up in the basement. He could have had his way with her, and she would have been powerless to stop him, but he had kept his promise and played his part to perfection. Now she wanted to see him turn the table on her. She wanted him to force her into the next stage of being a woman.

Rick took a moment to look at Kenzie. She was quite different than the other women he had been with. She was small, almost frail. Her puffy nipples were out of proportion to her petite breasts. Her hair was short and not a natural color. But he found her to be irresistible. Rick took a deep breath, inhaling the smell of her perfume and scent of her arousal.

"I just want to eat you up," Rick moaned.

"Go ahead, but I have to warn you... Lynn set the bar pretty high," Kenzie replied.

Rick smiled; he had almost forgotten Kenzie saying she had fooled around with Lynn. The thought of Lynn and Kenzie together would be fodder of future masturbation, but right now he had something even better. Rick pushed Kenzie down onto the couch, pinning her hands above her head. She giggled when he touched her.

"Did I mention I'm very ticklish?" Kenzie said with a grin.

Rick kissed her behind the ear, "You're not ticklish there."

"Kissing doesn't tickle, just touching," Kenzie said.

"I'll keep that in mind," Rick replied.

He lightly bit her earlobe, then kissed his way down her neck and along her throat, "Any vampire fetishes?" he asked.

"No, Twilight was gay," she retorted.

"Such language," Rick gasped in mock horror, "I thought you were an enlightened woman," 

"Even my gay friends think Twilight is gay, and not in a good way," she replied.

"Then I guess I'll have to move on," Rick said, continuing to kiss her, slowly working his way toward her small but firm breasts.

"Sorry I don't have more to offer you," Kenzie said.

"I'm not complaining. You have fantastic tits," Rick replied.

"I bet you say that to all the girls," Kenzie teased.

"I do, but only because I am lucky enough to be surrounded by women with fantastic tits." Rick said.

Kenzie could not help but think about the difference between Lynn and Rick. Rick was much more forceful. He still had her hands pinned above her head. She knew he was tall, but now that they were tangled together, she realized how big he really was. She felt his lips on her breasts, his kisses spiraling inward toward her erect nipples. She could feel his breath on her areola. Kenzie was frequently self conscious about the fact that she had small breasts, but this was not one of those times. From what she could see of Rick's face, he really was delighted with her body. When he engulfed her entire breast in his mouth, she felt butterflies take flight in her belly. When he flicked his tongue against her nipple, her skin began to tingle. She had no doubt he knew what he was doing, but Kenzie wondered if his skill and experience could match Lynn's intimate knowledge of a woman's body.

Rick shifted his body a bit so he could continue his oral assault on Kenzie's body. He had conquered her breasts. He released her wrists and grabbed her upper arms. She let out a squeal as he squeezed her biceps. Rick circled her navel with his tongue, hinting at what he was going to do next.

"Wait," Kenzie said, "I think you have too many clothes on."

"And I suppose you are going to do something about it?" Rick asked.

"If it pleases you," she replied. 

Rick released Kenzie and stood up. He began to peel off his shirt when Kenzie stopped him, "I'd like to do that if you don't mind."

Kenzie stood up and slipped her hands under Rick's shirt. Her fingers explored the contours of his body, starting with his abdomen and slowly working towards his chest. She inched the shirt up as she went. When she pushed the shirt up above Rick's chest, he leaned forward, and she pulled it over his head. Kenzie ran her fingers through Rick's chest hair, following the curve of his pectoral muscles. She could feel his heart pounding, telegraphing his excitement. Kenzie stood on her toes and pressed her lips against Rick's chest, then flicked her tongue against his nipple. It stiffened in response to her touch. As she continued to lick, suck and nibble at Rick's chest, Kenzie wrapped her arms around him. 

The muscles on his back were just as impressive as the ones on his chest. Kenzie felt a special thrill knowing that even in a submissive role she had control of someone so much larger and stronger than herself. She put her arms around Rick's neck and pulled him down. Kenzie pressed her lips against Rick's skin and began to kiss him. She started with a peck on the cheek and then nibbled at his ear, before finally kissing him on the lips. Kenzie thrust her tongue into Rick's mouth before he could do the same to her, unable to resist her desire to dominate him. She had intended to be more submissive, but it was turning out to be quite a struggle to assume that role. Kenzie let Rick go and slid her hands down his body until they rested on his hips.

"Let's see what's behind door number two," Kenzie said, as she tugged on Rick's shorts. 

She was a bit surprised to see Rick's erection emerge; apparently he was not wearing underwear.

"Is this for me?" she asked, pushing his shorts all the way to the floor. It wasn't the first time she had seen Rick's cock, but it was larger than she remembered. She wondered what it would feel like to have his throbbing erection inside her virgin pussy. The last time they were together, he had put two of his fingers inside her, and she had thought she was going to split in two. Kenzie began to doubt Rick's cock would fit inside her. She shook her head, trying to dislodge the negative thoughts. This would be the night she stopped being a virgin. She would find a way to make it happen, but right now she wanted to make Rick come.

Kenize stroked Rick's balls with her fingertips and smiled when she felt him shudder at her touch. She let her fingers sink lower and caressed Rick's balls. His skin was soft and smooth. Kenzie wondered if the obvious manscaping was Rick's idea or something suggested by another lover. 

Kenzie inspected every bit of Rick's cock. The occasional flash of lightning let her see it in detail, but mostly it was cloaked in darkness. Kenzie cupped his balls in her hands and tried to remember the advice Lynn had provided about oral sex. Kenzie gently pressed her lips against Rick's ball sack, then slowly began to open her mouth, sucking one of his balls past her lips. With her other hand she stroked the inside of Rick's thigh. She knew he wanted her to suck his cock, but she could not resist taunting him for just a moment.

"Tell me what to do," Kenzie said.

"You seem to be doing pretty well," Rick replied.

"I need you to tell me. I want to serve you," Kenzie said.

Rick smiled, realizing what it was that Kenzie wanted, "I want you to put my cock in your mouth and suck it until I come, and I want you to swallow every drop." Rick watched Kenzie as she put her hands on his cock. It was time to give her a taste of her own medicine. He had thoroughly enjoyed being dominated by her at their last meeting and hoped to return the favor. He still wasn't convinced that Kenzie's claim of virginity was true. She certainly seemed to know her way around the male physique. His concerns about how truthful she was being about her virgin status faded away when she stared into his eyes and pulled his cock towards her pouty lips.

Kenzie eagerly dropped to her knees and grabbed Rick's throbbing erection with both of her hands. She pulled it towards her open mouth. As she flicked her tongue against the engorged head, she looked up at him. Even in the dim light, she could see that Rick was watching every move she made. Kenzie jumped a bit when she felt Rick's hand on the back of her head, pushing her down onto his dick. She let him push down until her mouth was full, but resisted his attempt to force his cock down her throat. She fought back until his erection slid out of her mouth.

"Be nice to me; I'm new at this," she said with a grin, then wrapped her lips around him again and began to stroke his wet, hard shaft. She felt Rick's hand on top of hers, adding a twisting motion to her stroking.

"Yeah, like that, just like that," Rick moaned, letting her go.

Kenzie began to bob her head up and down, faster and faster, each time taking a bit more of Rick's turgid shaft into her mouth. She continued to stroke and twist his cock in her hand, just as he had shown her.

Kenzie noticed that the way Rick's cock tasted was beginning to change, a slightly salty flavor mixing with the original musky taste. She remembered Lynn telling her how much she liked having Rick's cum in her mouth, but Kenzie was not convinced she was going to enjoy swallowing. Rick's hips began to buck, and Kenzie gripped his shaft tightly to keep him from ramming his cock down her throat. Her lips could barely stretch around his girth; there was no way he could fit any further inside her mouth.

Rick grabbed Kenzie's short hair, holding her head still as he fucked her mouth. He noticed that she had not broken eye contact since she started. He wished there was a little more light so he could see her mouth wrapped around his erection, even though he knew that sight would bring him to climax even faster. Rick could feel his balls begin to tighten as he got closer and closer to shooting his load into Kenzie's mouth.

The taste of Rick's cum was getting stronger and stronger as his resistance began to weaken. Despite her lack of appetite for the salty liquid leaking into her mouth, Kenzie found herself wanting to make Rick come in her mouth. She wanted control of his orgasm. She wasn't going to let him come in her mouth; she was going to make him.

"That's it, that's it, I'm about to come, don't stop, don't stop," Rick moaned.

Kenzie tried to tell him that she wanted it, but with a mouth full of cock all she could do was moan in response. That was enough to push Rick over the edge. She felt a hot stream of cum splash against the back of her throat. She could feel his cock pulsing as it pumped the thick liquid into her mouth. His cock was buried so far into her mouth that she was barely able to taste it before it flowed down her throat. 

Rick stopped moving and let go of Kenzie as his orgasm ended. Each time her tongue brushed against his sensitive cock head he shuddered. It felt so good that it almost hurt. As his erection began to fade, he pulled his cock out of her mouth.

"Was that good?" Kenzie asked.

Rick put his hand on the back of her neck and pulled Kenzie to her feet, then pressed his lips to hers for a long, passionate kiss.

"That was incredible," he said, when he broke the kiss.

"That was unexpected," Kenzie replied.

"I told you I was coming," Rick said.

"Oh, no, not that. The kiss. It didn't weird you out that you just came in my mouth?" Kenzie asked.

"I guess I was caught up in the moment. I'll try not to make a habit of it." Rick answered.

"That's too bad, 'cause kisses like that could have me wanting to make a habit of sucking your cock," Kenzie teased.

"Now it's my turn. Lie on the couch," Rick instructed.

Kenzie wriggled out of her skirt and stood naked in front of Rick. She could hear her heart pounding and knew that her pussy was dripping wet. She sat on the couch and slowly reclined.

"Show me your pussy," Rick ordered.

Kenzie lay on her back and grabbed her ankles, pulling on them until they were almost touching her ears.
