 It was my first day of college. I wandered into my first class which was chemistry 101. We waited for the instructor for twenty minutes or so. Just as I thought I might have the wrong class, the instructor burst through the door. Without a word of apology he started the lecture. He turned out to be a lot more boring than I thought he would be. Finally the hour crawled to a halt. He gave us our assignments and departed. The next class was chemistry lab.

I entered the lab and had a quick look around. Students were wandering around looking at the lab equipment and making jokes about nuclear bombs. The lab instructor showed up exactly on time. She was about forty years old and already sprouting grey hair. She looked really grouchy.

"Find a seat on the lab benches and sit down," she tersely ordered. 

I found a lab bench near the back of the room. Nobody was sitting there which was just fine with me. 

"Okay, everybody choose a lab partner. You will be a pair until the class is over next spring."

I groaned and made no move to find a partner. I didn't need a partner. I always work better alone. It was not to be, the instructor chatted briefly with a girl who then approached me. "I've been assigned to be your lab partner," she informed me.

Great! All I needed for a complex class was female intervention.

"My name is Wendy Roberts," she said, sticking out her hand.

I shook it and said, "I'm Rudy Foreman."

She slid in beside me on the lab bench. She was kind of cute, not like a Playboy model, but definitely cute, a little plump at five feet one or so and about one hundred twenty five pounds.

The lab assistant handed out our experiment assignment sheets. They told what was to be done and how to do it. Wendy and I read it together and suddenly I was glad that I had a partner.

"Does any of this make any sense to you?" I asked.

"Well, yeah. I've been studying chemistry on an amateur basis for about five years so and I aced high school chemistry. I'm familiar with all this basic stuff. It'll be a piece of cake!" she giggled.

"Thank God! It makes no sense to me at all. I guess you get to lead the project since I have no idea what we're doing."

"No problem. I'm sure we'll get along famously," she answered.

So we kicked off the chemistry class. She was studying chemical engineering. I was taking the class because it was a requirement for an electrical engineering degree. I told her I needed heavy duty help with the class and asked her to sit with me during the lectures. She agreed and we set off on a year long adventure together. I turned out to be pretty damned dumb, chemistry wise, but she was a dynamo at work, a fountain of information and generally a chemical whiz. Yes, she saved my dumb ass from a certain "D" or worse. Sometimes she would come to my dorm and study with me. We had our ups and downs, but for they most part we got along very well.

We labored together through the fall and on into winter. By spring, I felt a deep attachment to her. She seemed to have gotten a lot prettier. Finally one day I asked her out.

"You mean like on a date?" she asked.

"That's it exactly! I'll take you anywhere you want to go," I replied sheepishly.

"I wondered how long it would take you to ask me. You lasted a lot longer than I thought you would," she remarked.

"You don't have a boyfriend or a husband hidden away, do you?"

"Nope, there's just little old me. Let me think for a while about where I want to go, okay?"

I smiled my answer to her and held her hand. She squeezed my hand and stepped into my arms. The kiss was unexpected and gentle. Her lips were soft and warm. I could get used to this! That night I discovered I was developing some real, deep feelings for her. 

The next day was Friday. We met in the chem class and sat next to each other as usual. She looked into my eyes and announced, "I know this is our first date, but we've been together for a long time and I trust my judgment. I want to go to San Simeon for the weekend."

It isn't that far from Cal Poly to San Simeon. "Great!" I said. My mind was running a thousand miles an hour as I slowly realized the implications of her suggestion. "I'll get us a couple of motel rooms and we can park all weekend on the beach."

"Don't you want to stay with me?" she pouted.

"Of course I do. I just didn't want to seem like I was pushing you into anything.. I'll get one room."

She smiled at me. "And one king sized bed will do nicely. I guess personal chemistry isn't your forte either."

"That's a fact," I answered, "I haven't had many liaisons with girls so you'll have to forgive my ineptitude."

"I haven't had much experience either, but I'm sure we'll both be more adept on Monday," she giggled.

"I'll pick you up about seven in the morning," I offered.

"It's still early. Why don't we leave now? That way you won't have to make reservations, we'll just find somewhere to land. It's only forty miles up the coast." she replied.

Wow! I hadn't given that possibility a single thought. "Okay, you go get packed and I'll throw some stuff in a bag."

"I'm already packed. All we have to do is go get it. I'll come with you and help you pack," she offered.

I grabbed her hand and dragged her into the dorm. I started tossing clothes into a bag.

"Hey, wait a minute!" she exclaimed, "You've got to pack this stuff right." She started neatly folding and stowing my stuff in the bag. "Boy, you've got a lot to learn."

Feeling humbled and about half stupid I led her to my car, tossed the bag in the back and we were off. We stopped at her place and she returned with her bags. Yes, bags. You know a woman never goes anywhere without enough junk to open a small boutique.

She hopped in the front seat and kissed my lips. She was so soft and warm I damned near didn't make it out of the parking lot. However, I did recover and soon we were driving up Highway One. She slid over next to me in the seat. I could feel one of her magnificent breasts flattening itself against my arm. Soon the motel string along the beach not far from San Simeon hove into view.

"Okay, pick one," I said.

She selected a nice looking motel that had a restaurant attached and a great view of the sea. I checked us into an ocean view room and slapped down my credit card.

She giggled as we carried our bags through the door. As soon as the door shut, she pulled my head down to her lips and started a frantic French kiss. I moaned at the unexpected attention. Now there was absolutely no doubt about what would be the source of the entertainment for the weekend.

"We should take a little nap and then go get something to eat," she suggested.

"That sounds good. We'll take a shower to knock off the road dust. You go first."

"You really do have a lot to learn. We'll shower together," she stated.

"Okay. It's pretty obvious that you are going to have to lead this adventure. I'll just shut up and take orders," I mumbled.

"Yeah I guess I'll have to." she remarked, "Take my clothes off."

I nervously approached her and started to gently unbutton and unzip her ensemble. Her clothes dropped to the floor leaving her in only panties and bra. 

Her hands felt me up as she made quick work of my clothes, leaving me in my boxers.

She presented her bra clasp to me and I clumsily managed to unsnap it. When she turned around I sucked in a big gulp of air. Her breasts were beautiful and big. 

"Get on with it!" she growled.

I grabbed the elastic band around her panties and slowly pulled them to the floor. When I looked up, I was eyeball to eyeball with her pussy. I couldn't help myself. I gave it a snaky little lick. God, it tasted so good! I stood up and her hand went immediately to my boxers. She slid them to the floor and grasped my rapidly hardening cock. Her lips closed over the head as she sucked it gently. Then she let it go.

"Shower time!" she giggled.

We shuffled into the shower together. The water started out cold and then gradually gained warmth. She started soaping me up so I returned the favor. Her wonderful breasts were just as soft as they looked and they had little pink nipples on top that rapidly erected. I rinsed them and sucked one of her nipples into my mouth just as she started soaping and rubbing my dick. I moaned as she washed my genitals. She moaned as I sucked her tits. I released her orbs and soaped her pussy. Wriggling and gasping, her hips swung into motion.

"Oh damn, I can't wait to get to bed. Let's finish now!" she moaned. 

I rinsed her and bent over, kissing her pussy and licking her legs. She trembled in anticipation. We rinsed each other and grabbed a couple of towels. Soon we were dry. She headed for the bed and I trailed along like a happy puppy.

We lay down on top of the covers, feeling each other up and starting to make breeding sounds. "We're gonna mix your fluids with my fluids," she panted, "Isn't chemistry fun?"

I clamped my lips over her mouth and sucked her tongue into me. She responded by thrashing me with her tongue. Releasing her lips I nibbled on her ear lobes and licked her neck. She tasted really good. Next, a nipple found its way into my mouth and I nursed from her, switching between breasts, tasting as much of her as I could. My lips slid greedily down her body until they were right on top of her pussy. "Oh yeah!" she screamed as I sank my tongue into her overheated snatch. She tasted so good I just couldn't stop. She was producing a lot of girl juice and I was lapping up every drop. I sucked her clit in between my lips and made a little buzzing noise. She went insane with lust, humping into my face and damned near crying.

"Let's do it right now!" she barked.

I left her tasty little pussy and skidded up her body. My cock head was resting at her entrance. She bucked her hips and engulfed my turgid member. She squeezed my body to hers. "Promise you'll fuck me forever," she whispered.

"Yes, yes, I promise," I groaned as I drove into her. 

"Oh god, I'm in love with you!" she shouted.

My orgasm was quickly approaching as I whispered, "I'll love you forever."

Her pussy clamped down on my rod and sucked all my cum right into her. I was disabled. I couldn't move. She was stroking the back of my neck and whimpering. Slowly we fell together from the unbelievable heights of ecstasy. We rolled over on our sides. She still had a death grip on me. I was regaining some of my senses but I could tell that even though we were on our first date, I belonged to her completely.

"I have never felt anything like that!" I said quietly into her ear.

"Me too! Maybe this is meant to be."

"You will be my lover and companion for all my life," I panted into her ear.

"Are you proposing to me?" she asked.

"Yes, I guess I am."

"That's good because there is one chemical that is missing from our fluid mix."

"What would that be?" I inquired, already knowing the answer.

"What would you say if I told you that the missing chemical is a birth control pill?" she shyly asked.

"I would say, let's do it some more until we are pregnant!"

"What a relief! I thought you might tell me to get lost."

"You can get lost, lost in lust and in love. Hold me tighter. I want to rub your whole body. I'll never let you go."

As it turned out, we didn't get pregnant that weekend, but by early summer, after we were married I came home one day and she was holding up a little blue stick.

"Let's go make sure," I said, leading her to our bedroom. "After all, as a chemist, you must confirm the results."

She giggled and lay down, inviting me in. God, I love chemistry!!