 If you have read my two recently edited stories, you will know that I've recently come back to Literotica. When I was editing Chapter 1, I remembered the original storyline and where I wanted to take it -- not bad for the best part of a decade passing since! I'm hoping that this will become a five-part story in all -- well, depending if people enjoy it, of course! Anyway, let me know what you think and rate/comment on this story -- I love hearing what you have to say. Sincerest thanks, MPD xxx

*****

After a hazy night's sleep, I woke up to the dull ache of latent satisfaction in my groin and the rousing, gentle tweaking of my nipples. I pushed at the teasing hand, my eyes opening abruptly as I realised I was laying practically naked on the communal sofa, a skewed suspender belt laying tightly across my stomach. The blanket that had kept me warm during the night was laying tangled over me, leaving little to the imagination; stretching out, I felt the soreness of my bones from sleeping contorted on the sofa. I turned towards my playful assailant, immediately meeting the sparkling green eyes of my ex's best friend, Damien. My heart sunk: I'd had an amazing night, that was for definite -- but I knew that for Damien, I was yet another notch on his rapidly expanding bed post. I eyed his tanned, unlined face idly, taking in his sexy visage as I wondered what to say next.

"Hey sexy," he spoke softly, his fingers still pinching me tentatively as I couldn't help but squirm closer in response. I frowned subconsciously at his presence, until he replied, "What's up?"

"Honestly," I sighed, "I didn't expect you to still be here." I looked down at the blanket, adjusting it slightly to regain what little modesty I had left and removing the uncomfortable belt. He pulled away and sat up, the blanket falling to his lap revealing his bronzed, muscular chest.

"Is that your way of saying you want me to leave?" he asked, quietly.

"No," I responded urgently, "not at all. I just know that you don't always stick around when you've had what you've wanted." He raised an eyebrow suggestively at my comments and lay back down beside me, propping his head up on his hand.

"Maybe there was something worth staying for," he said carefully, searching my face for some sort of emotion, and finding none in my purposely blank appearance he continued, "Or maybe I was just intrigued when you told me you'd like to return the favour." He smirked at his last comment; I groaned in reply, covering my eyes in embarrassment as he laughed at my reddening cheeks.

"I don't suppose you'll believe I was drunk?" I whispered, as he shook his head grinning.

"No one can get drunk on one spritzer, Cherry," he retorted, "Besides, your actions last night were very well-coordinated." His fingers slid across the supple small mounds of my breasts again, swiftly locating the hardened peaks before resuming his sensational provocation. 

"Well, if you're not leaving," I murmured, nervously changing the tone of my voice to make it somewhat seductive, "Maybe I should find out if last night was just a one off..." Grunting, he rolled on top of me and pinned me down with his strong arms. Pushing upwards, he looked down at my body appreciatively, his eyes darkening with apparent lust.

"I can quite assure you Cherry," he began thickly, "I am not a one-trick pony." He pulled himself off the sofa and picked me up effortlessly, throwing me naked over his shoulder. I shrieked, momentarily horrified before he placed me smoothly on my sunlit bed. He stared at me once again as the early morning rays illuminated my tanned skin; hurriedly, I grabbed his hand and pulled him down on top of me.

"So, what now?" I mouthed breathlessly, already feeling his stiff cock pushing against me. Wordlessly he flipped us over, holding me just clear of his large member. 

"Do you want me?" he asked, eyeing my visibly drenched pussy as he lowered me just enough to feel his rounded end pressing at my moist entrance. 

"I don't know," I responded flirtily, "Maybe?" He glared at me and lowered me a little further, the pressure of his head thrilling me below.

"Maybe?" he growled, "I'll show you maybe..." Suddenly, he jerked my hips down, forcing my body to hastily accommodate him while sending a welcome shudder down my spine.

"Oh my God," I groaned, immediately pulling myself up to ride him recklessly; I could feel his large member filling me with an intemperate passion. As I looked down, he met my sight with a wry smile and very deliberately held me fast. I struggled ineffectually against his large, strong 

hands, desperately trying to fulfil my pulsing desire; within moments, I realised that I couldn't move and whimpered urgently. 

"You're not going anywhere," he said, holding me unremittingly firm. Realising my exertion was useless, I stopped moving, listening intently to his every word. "Good girl. Now, if you as much as move an inch, I will pull out and go." I frowned as he continued, "You are going to do what I say." His authoritarian voice made me sit utterly still, exhilarated at this change of pace. I watched with scarce patience as his hands began to smother my small breasts; within moments, he had hauled himself to sitting, licking my nipples, gently flickering his tongue back and forth over the stiff teats and perceptively nibbling their increased sensitivity. I could feel myself getting wetter by the second and with great difficulty was striving not to squirm on his ever-present cock. As I moved up slightly, he caught my hips, forcefully smacking my buttocks in reprimand. The resonation from the slap caused me to cry out loudly with excitement as he leered at me.

"I told you not to move," he charged with mocking sobriety, "Don't do it again or I will be forced to withdraw."

"I won't," I muttered headily, feeling so turned on by his forceful control of my body. He continued to use his hands to entrap my hips, his thumbs adjusting slightly to find my throbbing clit, rubbing across it in earnest. 

"So wet," he murmured as I pleaded silently with my eyes. He continued decisively, "So, I ask you again -- do you want me?" I nodded fervently and in response, he manually rocked my hips over his own, his manhood still fully penetrating me and completely occupying me inside. The measured rocking became increasingly energetic and I closed my eyes, my uncontrollable cries beginning to escalate as I felt the intensity increase inside me. My groin throbbed rhythmically from within as he steadfastly controlled my slow-burning orgasm. 

"Fuck me," I moaned, as the grinding pushed me to the edge.

"Willingly," he answered as he began thrusting in and out of me from below. I rode him relentlessly once his hands released me, my orgasm building until I screamed out in release. My body spasmed irrepressibly as I shook all over. He eventually slowed to a stop, easing himself out of me as I rolled back onto the bed.

"How was it?" he asked, as I felt the after-throes of the orgasm chase through my body.

"Mmmm..." I responded, eyeing his still-hardened penis, "clearly better for me than it was for you." He raised an eyebrow.

"Seriously?" he laughed, exasperated, "That was fucking hot. It took everything I have this morning not to come." I looked at him suspiciously, waiting for some explanation. "Huh," he continued pensively, "that explains a lot."

"What do you mean?" I said, shaking my head.

"I'm guessing you're not used to coming first?" I looked down and blushed. "That man's a fucking idiot, Cherry, even if he is my mate. You are glorious; you look magnificent when you come. Seriously, I wish I could take a photograph." 

"Shut up," I muttered, coyly tracing a finger down the length of his cock as it jumped in anticipation. 

"You have my attention," he said, bringing his lips close to mine, "Now, I remember you saying last night..."

"Come with me," I ordered, climbing off the bed and offering my hand. "I think I need to clean up." He smirked as I pulled him in to the neighbouring shared bathroom, leaving the door wide open behind us. 

"In the shower?" he asked, his grin getting wider.

"Absolutely," I replied, pulling him into the generous cubicle and shutting the clear glass door, resolutely tugging the water on as I stepped in beside him. The cascade of warm water pounded against our skin as I drew him closer to me. Urgently his mouth found mine, his hands caressing my slick skin as I trailed my nipples against his wet chest. He groaned in excitement, his penis 

jerking in response to the eroticism of my drenched body.

"Tell me you're going to fuck me in here," he whispered grunting as I pressed my body closer and impatiently nibbled at his sensitive neck. 

"Even better than that." Smiling, I kissed and licked down his slippery body, pausing momentarily to pinch his nipples as I knelt down in front of him. I looked up at his excited expression, water pushing my hair back and thoroughly soaking my lithe body. His cock was now at eye-level, and with hasty yearning, I licked the tip of his salty member, gently swirling my tongue against the head. Promptly I was met with a pearl of pre-cum which I lapped up willingly. I heard his welcoming moans as I continued my exploration, shifting my eager tongue from his thickened base to his heady end once more. Sucking lightly, I peered at his appreciative face as it contorted fleetingly with the variation of pressure I applied with my tongue and lips. 

With increasing urgency, I took him fully in my mouth, choking as his tip met the back of my throat. He growled in appreciation as I sucked him steadily; I held his buttock steadfastly with one hand as I fondled his ball sack with the other.

"Fucking hell, Cherry," he moaned, his knees failing as he leant against the tiled wall and stared upwards, mesmerised by my assault on his pulsing member. His arousal was stirring my own, his bucking hips causing me to suck more frantically with his growing demands. Probing with my free hand, I softly circled his puckering hole and gingerly inserted the tip of my finger. His hips thrusted recklessly as he held tellingly on to the shower head and the glass door. Within seconds, his release came coupled with an audible shout of relish, his cum covering my face as I pulled back temporarily. Unable to help myself, I eagerly took him in again and sucked him dry, enjoying the taste of his fluid in my mouth. His penis remained firm and proud as he pulled back, leaning heavily against the cool wall as he regained his composure and normalised his laboured breathing.

"Where the fuck did you learn to give blow jobs like that?" he asked as he pulled me back to my feet, rubbing the remains of his load from my chin affectionately under the cascade of water.

"I guess I was just inspired by you," I grinned, "I don't usually give them out very often."

"Well, I'm privileged," he replied as he kissed me tenderly under the cooling water, "That's the best blow job I've had in ages." 

"Mmmm," I breathed, "You really turned me on. I couldn't help myself."

"Oh really?" he said, probing unashamedly into my sparse coating of pubic hair, "My, my, you are a handful." He stroked me teasingly, his finger pushing into my wet hole as I shivered in anticipation. "Do you know what would make this shower perfect?" I shook my head, savouring the slow judder of his finger as it pressed in and out of my groin. "Fucking you again," he mouthed in my ear as he pulled me around his hips, spearing me against the wall as he began pumping inside me again.

"Good, that's exactly what I was thinking," I mumbled as I felt the coolness of the now unheated water slip between our bodies. My nipples pressed firmly into his chest as he fucked me without any reservations, my back pushed up against the wall as he hammered me relentlessly. Within minutes, I could feel myself climaxing again as he pushed himself into me harder and harder. I gripped him as I felt myself cum, my fingernails digging into the flesh of his back as I howled in ecstasy. With a groan of pleasure, he lightly put me down again, kissing my quivering lips in mutual admiration.

"Erm, Cherry?" I heard from a voice near the door. Startled, I wiped a clear patch on the steamed glass as I was confronted by the confused countenance of my flat mate, Jenny. "Can I have a word?" she murmured, as I looked back at the somewhat blasé expression on Damien's face. 

"Sure, just give me a moment," I said, anxiously reaching for a towel as my flat-mate's back retreated from the room.

"Was that Jenny?" Damien asked.

"Yes," I answered, thrusting the towel at him as I grabbed my dressing gown from the door, "Meet you in my room in a minute?" He nodded, swiftly wrapping the towel around his waist as he withdrew rapidly to my room. I breathed in a sigh of uneasiness as I walked towards my flat mate's room. Knocking tentatively, I heard a voice from the other side of the door.

"Come in," Jenny said calmly, and I opened the door hesitantly. I was met by the slightly disappointed, elfin face of my friend. She closed her eyes as she composed herself, the stony silence hanging between us as she finally asked, "Please don't tell me that was Damien in the shower with you?" I shrugged, looking down at her socked feet before nodding once in acknowledgement. "Really Cherry? Damien? You've only just split up with Mark!" I looked up and shrugged again as Jenny took a step towards me, her hands gently resting on my shoulders. "Damien is a whore," she resumed, "Although I admit he's awesome in bed. You don't want to be with a guy like that, he won't be back again."

"Maybe I just need someone like that for now," I swallowed, feeling a lump build up in my throat, "I just need a break from being so reserved all the time."

"But this isn't you, Cherry," whispered Jenny, "You're not that sort of girl. Me maybe, but not you." 

"He's alright Jenny," I insisted, "He took me out for a drink to cheer me up, that's all. I came on to him."

"Really?" she said sympathetically, "You called your ex boyfriend's best mate up for a drink?" I swallowed again as I remembered he had approached me and she nodded, "I thought as much. He's a player. He's only going to hurt you." I shook my head.

"Not at all. This is just a bit of fun, nothing more," I pulled away from her grip as she looked at me and frowned.

"As long as you are sure, and you know what you're doing," I nodded and she gave me a funny look as I made my way back out of her room. "Cherry, for the record, you guys looked pretty hot together in the shower. If there's ever room for a third..." She winked mischievously and I smiled nervously in response.

"Right," I giggled, shaking my head as I left the room and closed the door behind me.

"Don't say I didn't offer," she called as my mind buzzed at what she had suggested. Looking into the hall, I could see Damien standing there fully dressed by the front door and ready to go.

"So you're off then?" I asked, surprised and disappointed that he was going so quickly after our morning session.

"Yeah -- you know," he mumbled, gesturing towards the closed door and shrugging, "I didn't want it to be awkward."

I sighed as I reached past him and opened the door. "I understand," I nodded quietly. 

"I'll call you tomorrow," he said, matching my tone.

"Sure, whatever," I laughed almost noiselessly, waving him off, "You don't have to say that to me: you're off the hook." He stood there, his head at an angle, his expression puzzled as I giggled again, before asking, "What?"

"I just cannot figure you out," he muttered, shaking his head, stepping through the door, eventually turning and retreating down the road. I pulled my dressing gown tighter round my shoulders, knowing I needed to say something.

"Damien," I called after him, running down the steps as he turned back to me, "Just for the record, this was the most amazing one night stand I have ever had." I held my breath, unsure as to whether I had revealed too much; wondering if I might scare him off. He grinned and half-nodded his head, before meeting my eyes again briefly.

"Who said it was just for one night?" With that, he continued down the street until he was out of sight.