 I was a local town DJ. Venue wasn't the biggest on the town, but I gave it the best atmosphere by having a laugh with all the customers and playing popular dance music.

Picking up girls was easy. I wasn't a bad looking lad and the job as the DJ made it simple to talk to any girl in the place.

As they came for requests I could tell straight away what I could get away with. A kiss in return for a song or sometimes a lot more.

The night I remember right now, started as an average night. The place was full of people, dancing and having fun. 

A girl with long straight dark hair, walked across the dance floor towards me. She wore a not so typical little black dress. It was very figure hugging and low cut. She looked above the crowd, the type of look that could silence a room (and possibly would, if I wasn't playing loud dance music). Her high heels made her hips swing slightly as she stepped towards me.

She lent on the counter at the side of the DJ box. Her already, high lifted breasts pushed further up. She knew what she was doing to her breasts and giggled as she looked down at them. She looked back up at me, gave a big smile and rolled a piece of chewing gum across her perfect white teeth. She was easy to talk to and we started to chat. 

She told me her friends had moved on to the next pub, but she liked what music I was playing so she'd rather stay and talk to me. I let her up into the DJ booth which is raised about two feet above the dance floor and closed the door.

She sat next to my feet, sipping on her drink. I could her singing above the songs and she swung her feet side to side with the beat of the music. She made me laugh with her carefree attitude (or perhaps the alcohol). She was mischievous. Swapping my drink with hers or pinching CDs I'd put down.

I kept having to step over her long, well toned legs and it became a game where she would swing them side to side as I was still trying to pick CDs and mix songs and I had to keep stepping over her to get to where I needed to be.

I always asked the same glass collector to bring me drinks. He wondered why I was asking for vodka and lemonade along with my usual coke, until he saw me standing with my legs wide over something. His eyes went wide when he saw the stunning young woman sat at on the floor. Our silly game took a nice turn. I went to step over her and waited for her to swing her legs. She didn't move at first. She just looked up at me with her big brown eyes and perfect smile. Keeping eye contact, she moved just one leg to the side. Her short skirt flicked back under the tension. She was wearing very skimpy black satin knickers that were tight against her pussy. I stepped back and looked down at her perky breasts squeezing out of the top of her dress and her now unreal looking long bare legs. 

I forgot I was supposed to be working for a second, the song playing was running out and I had to think and work fast to get another song on. I stood between her wide legs to at the DJ mixer. She started to stroke the inside of my thighs. All the time I'm stood looking at everyone drinking and dancing in front of me. I still had to work. Changing CDs and talking on the microphone while this beautiful, half naked woman scratched her long nails up and down my jeans.

Her hand squeezed the growing bulge, then undid the buttons on my fly. I felt her hand was cold of the glass she'd been sipping from as it slid along my erect cock. She smiled as she pointed out I wasn't wearing underwear (hence button fly). I had to pick the next song and awkwardly I lent to the CD case trying to keep her hand inside my now, very tight jeans.

As I moved she held my cock tight. I could feel her long nails on my shaft which made me twitch with excitement.

I picked a long record to play so she could play with me with less interruption (well for at least 5mins 45seconds). I stood watching over everyone's heads as she pulled out my cock and began to wank me gently off. Twisting her wrist as she played.

I at first I kept panicking that someone could see and I looked around, watching for anyone who looked like they knew what was going on. I had to keep a special eye out for my glass collector as he had a habit of just walking in and having a few minutes break with me. I looked down as she smiled at me with naughty eyes, and with one hand she pulled back her long dark hair and my foreskin back with the other. The feeling of her soft mouth around me made my whole body feel like I was under water. She moved slowly on me taking her time and clearly loving it. She cupped her hand on my balls. Her nails hard against my soft skin. She took me in deep. I could feel me tight against the back of her throat. 

I waited for the gag like I've had before on blow jobs, but she didn't flinch. Her head went backwards and forwards as I stood there. Not daring to move in case I gave away what we were doing. I could feel her tongue lick around me as she pulled away. She never hurried just slow steady movements. I had never felt more excited. Then I could feel I was on the edge of cumming and I pulled out. A silky string of pre-cum stretched from her lip to my cock. She looked up, licking her lips. A huge dirty smile on her face.

It was half an hour later I finished work. Packed up and lead her out to the dark car park where I'd left my car. I flipped the passenger seat in my Audi 80 and laid her back. I'd been wanting to kiss her all night and we kissed deeply, passing her chewing gum back and forth, continuing the silly games we'd been playing inside.

As I pulled her dress down enough to free her perfect breasts that were now bare in the dim light. Not huge, but firm and round. Her nipples were erect in the cool air in my car. We reached down at the same time. Once again I felt her hand loosen my button fly and free my hard cock, as I at last was able to feel what I thought inside, was a clean shaven pussy. 

My hand trembled a little as I slid my hand up her thigh and moved her, what I now know, was a G string. I then found my first Brazilian. Just a little strip of trimmed hair that pointed down to her perfect pussy. 

My fingers found her wet lips and I slid a finger inside. She let out a gasp and squeezed my throbbing hard cock. I began to play with her clit. Rolling it round with my fingertips. She held me tight as I began to make circular movements and it wasn't long before she cum. Shaking and gasping. 

I began to pull my jeans down and move across on top of her. "Do you have protection?" she asked. "Fuck no!" I'd left them at home. I was devastated.

"I'll just have to finish what I started inside then"

She pushed me back and took my whole length straight down her throat. This time she meant it. Her head moving up and down slowly at first. Then more quickly. She watched my cock as she wanked me off in between catching her breath. Her hand twisting up and down my shaft as her soft lips wrapped around me. 

Her tongue lapped around my bell end making me squirm with waves of pleasure. Then I couldn't hold it any longer. She'd cupped my balls and moved a finger towards my ass hole. She held me tight as I released my hot load deep down the back her throat. Not moving until my whole body stopped twitching in orgasm.

We laid for what seemed like hours, stroking each other. Her dress was just a wide belt. I didn't want to give up playing with her perfect body, but it was getting late. 

She was staying with friends just 5 minutes drive away and I dropped her off. 

As I drove home, I could feel my crotch was sticky and tight. I remember smiling over what had happened and put my uncomfortable feeling down to my cum that was undoubtedly everywhere down there. 

It was starting to get light outside so I went to get undressed for bed. That's when I found it. 

Chewing gum. 

I was hard to work out what was pubic hair, semen or white chewing gum. I took me half an hour to work out I was going to have to shave it all off.

To this day I have never seen the girl again and didn't even get her name come to think of it, but it's one of my favourite memories from my time as a DJ.

PS: don't try and get chewing gum out of you pubes with toilet tissue and I still keep well trimmed down there to this day because of this night.