 This story is solely my property and may not be reproduced or published without my express permission. Names have been changed to protect the guilty and not-so-innocent.

*

Marc and I had met at his frat house's Halloween party under very strange, check that, bizarre circumstances. My girlfriend Annie had given me a little silver egg to put in my pussy. I found out what it was for the first time she hit the remote and my pussy lit up like it was on fire. She got me like that a few times before the damned thing shorted out and made me a sex crazed maniac.

I'd quite literally just bumped into Marc, well more like bumped off of him. I tried wiping my spilled beer off his shirt when Annie switched me on again. This is when things went from bad to worse to amazing. In my sex maddened state I began kissing him like a fiend and grabbing at him wildly. Not my idea of a good first impression. 

At some point between my 10th and 15th orgasm I passed out and that gave Annie and Marc the chance to move me to a quiet room and get the egg out. Marc ended up having to slip his fingers into me to get it out. Not my idea of a good second impression.

"Uhm Kiki? Chiara? I'm sorry if I hurt you trying to get that little thingy out of you. I tried to be as gentle as possible but you were flailing around quite a bit." Marc said softly.

"Thank you for saving me Zorro. I didn't know having an orgasm was a fate worse than death until now though."

Marc ran his fingers through my short pixie-cut hair and grinned at me. I reached up and caressed his cheek.

Marc laughed and said I certainly had an interesting way of introducing myself to people. He leaned toward me and our lips brushed lightly at first then joined with more heat as our bodies responded to our pent up emotions.

"Uhm Chiara? Kiki? I'm not even sure what to call you," Marc said.

I looked up at him dreamily, "My name's Chiara but Annie gave me the nickname Kiki. You can call me anything you want."

"Ok then, Kiki. Just so you know, I don't normally put my fingers in a girl's pussy as soon as I meet her."

I giggled. Then I chuckled. Then I laughed so hard I started crying. Marc looked so solemn when he'd said that that I couldn't help but laugh. Marc started laughing too and pretty soon we were spent. 

"Marc, you can put your fingers or anything else you want in me whenever you want," I murmured to him.

He ruffled his fingers through my hair again and smiled at me. "Does this mean you're available for a date with me next Friday?"

I gave him my impish grin and pretended to think for a minute then said, "I think I can squeeze you in!" That caused us to laugh again.

I looked around and noticed that Annie wasn't in the room with us any more. I asked Marc where she went, but he hadn't seen her leave either. I made motions like I wanted to get up and Marc helped me from the bed, wrapping his strong arm around me and guiding me to the door.

As we exited the room all of Marc's frat brothers gave us a standing ovation, not realizing what had actually transpired. I blushed deeply and Marc smiled and waved their applause away, telling them it wasn't what they thought. He looked down at me and whispered to me that I had been a bit noisy when he'd brought me into the room. If I could've blushed more I would have.

Marc insisted that he walk me back to my dorm and when we got outside we found it was a lot colder than when I had arrived. Marc whipped off his Zorro cape and wrapped it around my shoulders.

"There," he said. "It's not much but it'll at least keep ogling eyes at bay."

"Thanks Marc, I appreciate everything you've done for me. I hope you don't think I'm the way I was before, because I'm not."

Marc looked down at me as we walked along, "I don't Kiki, I've known Annie my whole life and she's a trouble maker of the first degree. I try and stay away from her as much as I can."

"Well she's played a few silly pranks on me since we became roommates but nothing quite this bad before. I don't think this was actually supposed to be a prank. Knowing Annie she was just trying to get me hot for later," I said.

"Hot for later? You mean you and her? How long have you two been, well you know?" Marc looked like he'd been hit by a truck.

I blushed again though I doubt he noticed. "About a month," I said. "It kinda just happened."

Marc frowned at me. "Nothing 'just happens' when Annie Montgomery is involved Kiki. Don't get me wrong, she's a sweetheart and will do anything to help her family and friends, but calamities tend to pop up wherever she is."

We walked on in silence. I was pretty upset with the way that Marc was slagging Annie so when we got to my dorm I thanked him and walked in, not asking him to walk me to my room.

When I got into our room Annie was pacing the floor and talking on her cell.

" Yes I know," she said. "God I don't know what your problem is.....It was an accident it wasn't supposed to happen that way.....It's a perfect fit, dummy!.....Don't talk to me like that.......Oh great now you're bringing that up again.....Did I or did I not pay your bail? Fine, bye!" 

"Who was that Annie?" I asked.

"Oh just my stupid brother who doesn't appreciate my help," she replied. "Some people just don't understand the lengths I go to to help them."

"So uhm Annie, how do you know Marc?"

Annie looked hard at me, "Marc? We grew up together. Our folks are pretty close. He seems to think I'm out to get him. I'm not. It's just sometimes when we get together things kind of go kablooie."

"So do you hate each other or what?"

"No we don't, we've just had some rough patches that have strained our relationship. He's actually a pretty amazing guy, thoughtful, caring, smart, funny. You get what I mean?"

"Annie, it sounds like you have some pretty strong feelings for Marc. If it helps I won't see him again."

Annie pulled me into a hug and stroked my hair. "Oh Kiki, you don't have to do that. Marc and I have known each other since we were babies, I do love him but not like that honey. He's perfect for you, and you're perfect for him. I know what kind of girls Marc likes and you're it. But enough of this, you've had a pretty rough night and probably need to get some sleep"

I agreed with Annie and got out of my clothes without even realizing that I'd kept Marc's cape. I put on a little shortie nightie and crawled into bed with Annie. She spooned behind me and caressed my neck and shoulders which made me moan with relief as my tension ebbed. I fell asleep shortly as Annie cooed sweet nothings in my ear.

*

The next morning I noticed that Marc's cape was bundled up with my clothes from the party. I grabbed it up and told Annie I'd be back in a bit.

Annie grinned at me, "Going to see your boyfriend?"

I stuck my tongue out at her and told her he wasn't my boyfriend he was my rescuer.

"That's just semantics," Annie called to me as I dashed out the door.

When I got to Marc's frat house I realized I had been in such a hurry to return his cape I was still in my shortie nightie. Thank god I'd at least had the sense to put on some pj shorts. I just shook my head and rang the doorbell. A guy answered the door, looked at me and bellowed out to the house that 'Marc's girlfriend' was here. I stepped in behind him and waited for Marc as frat boys all tried to 'casually' check me out.

Marc finally came to the door and gave me a low whistle. "Uhm Kiki? I hope you don't go to class like that."

I rolled my eyes, "Ha ha very funny Zorro, here's your cape."

Marc chuckled and took his cape. "It's good to see you again Kiki. Sorry for how I acted last night, about Annie and all."

"Annie explained it to me. How you grew up together and how she sometimes gets a bit over the top with her ideas. I can understand that there's a bit of bad blood between you," I said.

"You know what, let's not talk about Annie. The guys are making a Captain Cholesterol breakfast, would you like some?"

Marc and I sat at the bar counter and watched two of his frat brothers working some magic in the kitchen. Very shortly two heaping plates with bacon, eggs, french toast and sausage were placed in front of us. I didn't realize how hungry I was until just then as I tucked into the massive plate of food. The room kind of got quiet and I looked up from stuffing a french toast wrapped sausage into my mouth.

"What? I've had a busy night and I'm hungry," I said.

That caused the guys in the room to bust out laughing, and Marc got a good ribbing and he actually blushed.

Slowly the other guys filtered out of the kitchen, leaving me and Marc by ourselves.

"I think you have to be my girlfriend now Kiki," Marc stated softly.

I arched my brow and asked, "Oh really? What makes you think I want to be you girlfriend?"

"Well, we apparently had mind blowing sex last night, if the rumours are true. Then today you rushed over here in your pyjamas to give me back a two dollar cape. And finally you impressed the hell out my fraternity brothers by mowing down a huge plate of food without even one complaint about it being too much and cracking wise while you were at it. Chiara we have somehow become a couple of legend."

"Oh we have, have we? Don't I get a say in this? I like being with Annie, I'm not going to dump her just to be a legend."

"Chiara I'm not asking you to drop Annie, I'm asking you to at least give me a chance," Marc pleaded.

"Well since you've fed me and rescued me last night I guess I can cut you some slack."

Marc smiled at that and leaned in as if to kiss me. I met him half way and we had the most delicious, slow, sensual kiss I'd ever had. I had shivers running up my spine and goose flesh on my arms. 

*

On my walk back to my dorm I thought about me and Annie, and wondered if I was fooling around with her because l wanted it or because she wanted it. Then I thought about Marc, and where this whole thing was going with him. My head started to hurt as my mind ran in circles over all of this.

When I got back to my room Annie was out, so I checked my email and saw that my folks had sent me a note telling me they'd be out of town over thanksgiving. 'great' I thought, 'now what am I going to do? I have to tell them sometime that I'm seeing a girl.'

An hour later, I'd just had a shower and was lying on my bed lost in thought when there was a knock on my door. I got up and answered it and was surprised to see Marc there.

"Marc, what are you doing here?"

"I needed to talk to you some more Chiara, about last night. I can't help but think that it wasn't just the bug making you do what you did."

"I'm sorry Marc, I don't remember most of what happened between us. Could you fill in the gaps for me?"

Marc asked if he could come in so I opened the door and offered him my computer chair while I flopped down onto my bed. From the look on Marc's face I had just given him a good look at my small braless breasts. Marc licked his lips then proceeded to tell me how I had kissed him fiercely and grabbed his hand and stuffed it down my top. After that and as if it wasn't enough I went on to push my hand down the front of his pants and grab his member and stroked it with gusto in front of everyone. Marc seemed genuinely embarrassed for me.

"Oh my god did I really do that?" I asked in a small voice.

"Uh yeah, not that I minded much, you're pretty aggressive when you're aroused Kiki." Marc grinned. "I like girls who aren't afraid to tell me what they want."

"I'm almost afraid to ask what I said after hearing what I did," I murmured softly.

The bastard actually seemed to be enjoying this.

Marc smiled at me, "It's not that bad actually Kiki, you just told the whole room that you were going to fuck me until I couldn't cum any more. And that's when you passed out."

I felt the blood drain from my face and I started to cry, "God I'm so embarrassed, I can't believe I said and did all that stuff!

Marc moved to sit beside me and wrapped me in his arms. "Shh it's ok Kiki, you weren't in control of yourself last night. I only had to do a little damage control and your rep is still intact."

I sniffled and rubbed the tears from my eyes. I wrapped my arms around Marc and thanked him again for coming to my rescue again. Marc pulled me up onto his lap and hugged me tight to him, I could feel his fingers running circles on my back and slowly calmed down.

"So here's the big question Kiki, was it just the little vibe? Or do you want to fuck me?"

"I think Annie forgot to mention that you could be blunt," I said to him. "But if everything else she said was true I think I would like to have sex with you Marc. If you want to have sex with me of course."

Marc ruffled my hair again and I asked him what that was about. He smiled and said he thought it was a cute style that really suited me. And yes he did want to have sex with me when I was ready for it to happen. I changed my position so that I was straddling his lap with my legs wrapped around him, and said that even though I was still tender I thought that if we took it slow I'd be okay.

Marc looked a bit surprised but still smiled at me as his fingers kept tracing circles lower and lower on my back. "You're sure about this Kiki? I don't want to pressure or hurt you or anything."

I grinned at him and pulled him down to me, kissing him with the same passion I'd had last night. With my arms around his neck I looked into his sparkling black eyes, thinking that they reminded me of someone.

"Marc, you've been nothing but caring and gentle with me since I met you. Some guys would have taken advantage last night but you didn't. That means a lot to me. I want this, I need it. And I know you want it too because your cock is wedged against my bum right now."

Marc chuckled and pulled my little tank top up my body. I unhooked my arms from his neck and he pulled my top the rest of the way off. 

"God you're beautiful Chiara, you've got the most delicious little body I've ever seen."

He thumbed my tight little nipples which sent shivers up my spine and I arched into his hands, feeling my little pink nipples poke harder into his fingers, and little lightning bolts shooting down to my pussy.

"Mmmm that feels nice Marc, please don't stop," I murmured.

Marc continued playing with my breasts and I could feel his cock growing even harder between my legs. I could also feel my juices beginning to flow too. I was moaning at what Marc was doing to me and my eyes fluttered closed. I felt Marc's hand slip into the front of my shorts and down between my legs. He found my wet little pussy and laughed in my ear, murmuring that I really did want it apparently. I playfully bit him on the neck and extricated myself from him and stood up.

"Someone's got too many clothes on," I said as I slipped my shorts to my ankles and stepped out of them. Marc quickly got off my bed and pulled off his shirt, pants and boxers. My god was he gorgeous. 

I jumped at him and wrapped my arms and legs around his waist and shoulders. He carried me back to my bed and laid us both down with gentle ease.

"Chiara you are the most beautiful girl I've ever met. I want nothing more than to please you in any way and every day."

"I feel the same way Marc, please don't make me wait any more. I want you in me."

Marc smiled and rolled on top of me, careful to keep his weight on his hands and knees.

I took his large cock and aimed it for my hungry little pussy, I placed his tip at my entrance and waited impatiently for him to thrust into me.

Marc wiggled his hips and slowly and gently eased his cock into me. Any time I winced he would stop and pull back just a bit until I was comfortable again.

"God this is driving me nuts," I said in frustration.

"Me too little one," said Marc. "I want nothing more than to pound into you for all I'm worth babe."

I smiled encouragement up at Marc, " Honey do what you want, I'll be fine."

Marc kissed me hard then thrust deeply into me. I cried out but told him to keep going.

It was like being fucked by a jackhammer, except Marc threw in a hip swivel which drove me mad. Marc kept that staccato pace up for about five minutes then slowed down to a lazy deep stroke that frustrated the hell out of me because I was so close to cumming.

"Marc, please, I'm almost there, fuck me babe, cum in me I need to feel you cum in me," I begged Marc.

Marc picked up the pace again and his hip swivel was driving me closer to the edge. Soon my pussy was spasming around Marc's cock, which caused him to start cumming too. I could feel his cock pumping massive amounts of cum deep into me.

When we were spent Marc moved off of me and lay beside me, playing with my hair.

"Uhm guys? Maybe next time you can hang a sock on the door or something?"

"Annie?"

"Sis?"

"Hi Kiki, bro."

I looked at Marc," Sis?" Then I looked at Annie, "bro?"

Annie grinned at me. "Chiara I'd like you to meet my uptight little brother Marc Montgomery. We're twins."

Marc looked at me sheepishly,"My pain in the ass older sister. Like five whole minutes matters."