 Chapter Five - Revelations and Redheads Don't Always Mix

Chiara freaked out and jumped up from the bed. "TWINS?! You're brother and sister? What the fuck is going on?"

Marc looked at Chiara nervously, "I should have told you last night, I'm so sorry Chiara. God I'm such an idiot."

Chiara slapped Marc with all her strength then went and punched Annie in the mouth, "You lied to me!" She screamed as she pointed an accusing finger at her roommate. "Was any of it real? How you felt about me? What about those fucking dates you made me go on, were they real? Did Steve and Aaron really want to go out with me or was that just an act? Did they even like me or was that an act too?"

Then she turned on Marc. "You son of a bitch were you in on it? Everything you said...then...then we...oh my God I feel like such a fool!"

"I deserved that," Annie said as she wiped her mouth. "But Marc is as much a victim of what I did as you are, don't be mad at him."

Chiara stalked around the room like a caged tigress. "You expect me to believe you? Really? When did you plot this thing out Annie? The day we met?"

"Chiara STOP!" Annie yelled. "Sit down and listen okay? I'm going to be totally honest. Just please hear me out."

Chiara sat back down on her bed and seethed. Marc tried to put his arm around her but she brushed it off angrily and glared at him.

"Kiki I fell in love with you the day you walked through our door. I just wanted to love you and keep you forever, but I knew it wouldn't be fair to you if I did that. I've never been monogamous Kiki, ever. How could I expect you to be monogamous with me if I couldn't do that for you? I tried, believe me I tried. I knew that even though I loved you I wasn't perfect for you, but I knew who was, and that was Marc. I set you up on those damn dates because I wanted you to see that there were guys out there who thought you were beautiful, and sexy, and smart, and funny, and sweet. Yes those dates were real and the guys weren't acting, both Steve and Aaron wanted to be with you and loved being with you. They both bitched at me that it wasn't fair that it could only be for three dates, but I had to limit it because I needed you free to meet Marc."

Annie paused for a moment. She could see that although Chiara was still angry she was at least calming down, so she soldiered on.

"Marc didn't know anything about what I was doing Chiara. He couldn't have because we haven't really been on speaking terms for a while. I know I shouldn't have done what I did to you last night, but I didn't know any other way to get you two to meet. If I had tried to just introduce you two Marc would have hated you too because of me, regardless of how perfect you were for him. It was wrong, so bloody wrong. I screwed everything up, I'm sorry. I was just trying to look out for the two people I love most in the world. I know you both probably hate me, but maybe one day you can forgive me." Annie wiped her tearing eyes and sat on her chair, drained of life.

Chiara looked from Marc to Annie. Marc nodded sadly and Annie just sat in her chair, still crying quietly. She got up and went to Annie, kneeling in front of her as she began to cry as well.

"Annie please don't cry, I'm so sorry for what I did!" She said as she hugged her friend and kissed her, tasting Annie's blood on her lips.

"No Kiki, I did deserve it, but you and Marc didn't deserve what I did to you."

"Sis, this is probably one of the lowest things you've ever done. But your heart was in the right place for once, and somehow I think if you hadn't done things the way you did I may never have met Kiki. Even though you've burned me a million times in the past, I can't hate you this time." Marc said.

"I can't hate you either Annie. You've been a great friend and have taught me so many things in the time we've had together. I do think you were right though when you told your 'stupid brother' that we were a perfect fit." Chiara said as she smiled at Marc.

Marc looked surprised at Chiara's last statement. "So you're not made anymore Kiki?"

"Oh I'm still mad Marc, you're just both going to have to make it up to me now."

Marc grinned at his sister, "I think we may be in trouble here Annie, could you get my back?"

"Oh yeah little brother," Annie nodded.

They pounced on Chiara, all of them falling onto Annie's bed, making it groan in complaint. Annie went low, attacking her hips, feet and behind her knees, while Marc tickled her ribs, back and armpits. Chiara was gasping and giggling uncontrollably, completely at their mercy.

"You fucks are gonna pay for that," Chiara growled at them when they finally let her up.

The twins both made goofy scared faces at her then they all cracked up laughing.

Annie gave Marc and Chiara an appraising look and smiled, "While it's great seeing you both naked, Kiki you're getting me hot, but could you maybe put your boxers back on bro? You've got a great package and all, but really."

Marc blushed and slipped on his boxers and jeans while Chiara put her shorts and top back on as well.

Annie moved around on her bed to be more comfortable and Chiara snuggled into Marc on hers.

Chiara looked at the two of them and decided to ask what she thought was the obvious question, "So how do we work this out?"

Annie and Marc exchanged a look, Annie shrugged and he nodded. Then Marc said in a quiet voice, "Chiara would you like to be my girlfriend?"

Chiara seriously thought about it for a moment, how gentle and caring Marc had been the previous night and that day. Then how Annie had taught her how wonderful being with another woman was, and everything else she had done for her. She really couldn't decide what to do and wondered again how her life could have gotten so complicated so quickly. She suddenly had an idea that might work if everyone would agree to it.

"I'm very torn about this guys, I love you both, but I've got an idea that may work for all of us if you can play nice together." She stated with a pause.

"Well? What is it?" The twins said in unison.

"Marc I will be your girlfriend, but only if you accept my relationship with Annie too. Annie, I'll still be with you for as long as you want. I won't just dump one of you for the other, and I don't want any jealousy or drama. It's all or nothing, sorry guys."

Another look passed between Marc and Annie, then they both got up and left the room. Chiara's heart sank as she thought that they'd decided that she wasn't worth the compromise that she was offering. She began to cry and feel totally miserable about losing them both to her own selfish needs.

---

When they left the room the twins went to the TV room and Annie not-so-subtly told the girls there to scram. They sat across from each other and just looked into each others' eyes for a minute.

"Listen Annie, about last night. I'm sorry about blowing up at you like I did. Seeing Kiki like that last night scared the hell out of me, and honestly, that was pretty stupid of you sis."

Annie hung her head and sighed, "It scared the hell out of me too, and I know what I did was stupid. But seriously, like I said before, if I'd walked up to you with her under my arm like a sacrificial lamb would you have even given her a chance?"

Marc grinned at his sister, "Uh I think that's kinda what you did, but the lamb you brought me was in heat and pretty much had her way with me in public. How could I refuse?"

"Well from what I saw when I got in the room just now I think the little lamb was still in heat." Annie laughed.

"Yeah I think I'd have to agree with you there," Marc said with a chuckle.

"Peace?" Annie asked.

"Peace," Marc nodded. "So what do we do?"

"Marc I would walk naked through Hell to make you two happy. I wasn't lying when I said I loved you both and would do anything for you. Whatever you want, whatever conditions you set, I'll agree to them. We just can't lose the little pipsqueak Marc."

"Okay. If I asked you guys to stop would you?"

"Yes I would Marc, if it made you two happy I would never sleep with Kiki again."

"Fine, I doubt I would ever make you stop, but I just wanted you to understand that I love her and, if we are as perfect a fit as you say we are, will marry her. At that point you two will at least have to cool it down a bit okay?"

"Deal!" Annie said. "Now what do we do for right now?"

"Well Kiki can't stay at the house, although I don't think the guys would have a problem with her staying for the weekend. She already impressed the hell out of them this morning."

"So here for the week and with you on weekends? What about long term?"

"Long term?" Marc asked.

"Well we just can't keep tossing her back and forth between us like a little rag doll, although she isn't much bigger than one. Don't you think it would be easier if we were all under one roof?" Annie asked.

"Yeah good idea! I know a guy who has a place available next term. I left my phone back in the room, give me yours and I'll call him."

Within a few minutes Marc had arranged for them to take the apartment for the next term. He would stop by the next day to put a deposit down and they were good to go.

Annie gave Marc a hug, "So are you ready to have me back in your life now little brother?"

"I dunno," Marc said with a grin. "Are you going to get me thrown into jail again?"

"No. But come on, you gotta admit some of the shit we did was fun!"

"Okay, some of it was. Especially when you filled Ms. Bates' tailpipe with firecrackers. I didn't even mind taking the heat for you on that. She was such a bitch the three day suspension was worth it. I've missed you Annie."

"I've missed you too Markie." Annie said as she kissed his cheek.

"We should go tell Chiara we're okay with her deal."

"Yeah but let's be cool about it," Annie said with a wicked grin.

"Yup, my evil twin sister Annie's back." Marc chuckled.

---

When Marc and Annie returned to the room Chiara was huddled on her bed in a heap, crying and sniffling. She looked up at them and wiped her nose on her arm when they walked in. When they saw the state she was in they both rushed to her, taking her up into their arms and comforting her.

"Kiki why are you crying baby?" Annie asked with deep concern.

Marc Held her in his lap and murmured reassuring words into her ear as he rocked her like a baby.

Chiara swiped at her nose again. "I-I thought you guys didn't want me when you both left me like that." She said in a halting voice.

"Oh Chiara, we love you! We just had to work some things out. We've agreed that you'll stay here through the week and if you want, with me on the weekends. At least until we move into our new place next semester," stated Marc.

"New place? I don't understand," Chiara said hesitantly.

Annie smiled at her confusion, "Marc knows someone who has a two bedroom place coming available next term so he put a deposit on it."

"Okay so it's a two bedroom, where do I sleep." She asked.

Marc and Annie laughed and he said, "With one of us, you choose each night."

"What if I don't want to sleep with either of you?" Chiara asked with a small smile.

"The sofa turns into a bed." Annie dead-panned, which caused them all to laugh.

When they settled down Marc looked at the calendar and joked with Annie that since it was still the weekend he still had dibs on Chiara. Annie asked them if they wanted her to leave, but instead Marc asked Chiara if she'd like to go for a walk then head back to his place for dinner.

"Sure I'd like that Marc, but I think I need a shower first 'cause someone made me stinky."

"Mind if I join you Kiki? I got cooch smell all over me."

This made them all laugh again as Chiara and Marc got naked and headed to the shower. Chiara saw that Marc was hard again and couldn't wait to get her hands on his marvellous cock. Once they were in the shower with the hot water streaming down their bodies she knelt in front of him and slowly licked him from root to tip. She stroked his cock as she sucked on his crown, feeling him grow even larger in her mouth. Chiara's small hand pistoned faster as she tried to get more of him into her warm mouth, she must have been doing something right because he was moaning and stroking her short hair, fucking her mouth in earnest. It wasn't long before Marc's body stiffened and he held Chiara to his cock as his cum plastered the back of her throat. She swallowed as much as she could but some dribbled from the corners of her mouth.

When Marc was done he lifted Chiara in his arms and she wrapped her arms and legs around him. He took her mouth with his and his tongue swirled around, tasting his own cum inside it. Chiara smiled at Marc as she felt his cock start to bump her bum.

"God Marc, haven't you had enough?" Chiara giggled.

He nuzzled her neck and said, "Never get enough of you little one."

"Well we have other things on our plate today stud," she said as she let go with her arms and legs, dropping lightly to the shower floor.

Grabbing the shower gel Chiara began lathering Marc up, he began to return the favour and they laughed and played under the spray, caressing and fondling each other until they were squeaky clean. Chiara loved Marc's hairy chest, she thought it was terribly sexy, and he seemed enamoured of her tiny body.

---

Annie wasn't there when they came out from the washroom. Chiara quickly got dressed in some jeans and a warm shirt while Marc slipped his own clothes back on. After a quick make-out session they left her room and took a walk around the campus, chatting and sharing stories from their childhood and generally getting to know each other.

They eventually arrived at Marc's frat house and as they entered there was a resounding cry of "Kiki" from the guys in the common room. She grinned and blew kisses to them all while Marc laughed. He led her to his room and Chiara was surprised to see that it was the room Marc had taken her to the previous night. They sat on his bed and chatted more as they cuddled. Marc told her that she was in for a real treat as two of the guys were studying to be gourmet chefs so they'd be eating like royalty.

"You set this up didn't you?"

"I had nothing to do with this Kiki, the boys must've done it. Now that the house's most eligible bachelor is taken I guess they wanted to impress you so it would stick." Marc said as innocently as he could manage.

"Well so far so good loverboy," Chiara grinned as she gave him a lingering kiss.

Chiara felt so safe in Marc's strong arms. She gazed into his sparkling black eyes and asked, "What?"

He grinned and said, "Oh nothing."

"I may have only met you last night but I've seen that look before Marc. Annie, remember?"

"You really wanna know Kiki? Well I was just thinking that this was probably the best fuck up Annie's ever had. I definitely have to thank her for this one. What's even better is that somehow you, my little pixie-girl, have gotten Annie and I talking again."

"How long has it been Marc?"

"Three years now. Since we graduated high school."

"How do you not talk to your twin sister for three years?" she asked with surprise.

"It's easy when Annie's your sister. But now I see that maybe I was wrong to shut Annie out of my life. There are so many things we used to do together that I really miss. She was always the life of every party we went to, and she's got a wicked sense of humour. I've missed even just hanging out and doing nothing with her."

There was a knock at Marc's door and one of the guys poked his head in. "Dinner's ready, lovebirds. Another masterpiece according to the chefs!"

The two of them got up and headed to the kitchen to see what chefs Joe and Dennis had cooked up.

Chiara was surprised to see that there were only two places set, with candles and beautiful place settings of china and silverware.

She giggled and grinned at Marc, "So you belong to a fraternity that has Royal Doulton china? How froufrou is that?"

Marc laughed too, "A past brother's mom donated it. Apparently she felt we all needed a bit of culture."

"You did set this up though right?"

"I may have mentioned something." Marc said with a smile.

Joe and Dennis started serving them the most amazing dinner Chiara had ever had. Afterward she couldn't even remember all of the dishes they served, it was all so delicious. She just thanked God that there was no wasabi to be seen. She also felt guilty eating such a lovely dinner while the other guys ate who knows what that night. After dinner Chiara thanked their chefs by giving them each a peck on the cheek, which made them smile.

---

Marc walked Chiara back to her room, holding her protectively around the waist. When they got to her door he pinned her to it, kissing Chiara like it was the last time he'd ever see her.

When she caught her breath Chiara grinned up at him, "Wow! You can kiss me like that anytime!"

Marc grinned back at her, "Believe me, I plan on kissing you every chance I get pixie-girl."

"Well you've got three or four more chances right now loverboy." She said as she wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him down again.

---

Marc was grinning to himself when he thought about Chiara on his walk home. The little pixie had totally charmed him in less than twenty-four hours and he loved it. He loved everything about her, her laugh, her smile, the way her turquoise eyes sparkled when she looked at him, her beautiful little body. Just everything about her screamed love me. He'd never met a girl like her before, and even though his sister had screwed up so badly trying to get them together he couldn't hate her for it. Marc was pretty sure Annie had been right that they were a perfect fit, Chiara was everything he'd ever wanted in a girl.

He started laughing when he thought about Annie's 'perfect fit' line again. Marc had never had sex with a girl as petite as Chiara before so he wasn't sure, but he could've sworn that she was a virgin she had been so tight. She certainly hadn't reacted like she was a virgin when he'd penetrated her though, Chiara had responded like she knew exactly what she wanted and needed, meeting him thrust for thrust.

Then there was Annie. He thought about their disastrous grad party and how everything had gone to hell after it. They had been so close before everything had gone down, then to cut her out of his life like he had had left a gaping hole in his heart. Marc knew he should have talked to her about what had happened that night, but he couldn't deal with it so he had avoided her to avoid the hurt. He knew now that it had been wrong to do that. He loved his sister, loved everything about her despite the fact that he almost always got the short end of the stick when it came to her plans.

Marc suspected that with Chiara in his life now, his relationship with Annie might just return to what it had been in the past. He knew that just like Annie, he would do whatever it took to make the two girls happy. He didn't want to lose either of them.

---

Chiara walked into her room and leaned against the door, breathless and flushed from kissing Marc.

Annie looked at her and grinned knowingly, "You're totally in love aren't you? Less than a day and you're head over heels in love! I knew it was a perfect fit!"

Chiara ran and jumped onto the bed, squealing and giggling, "Oh my God Annie he's totally amazing, thank you so much for hooking us up!"

Annie smiled warmly at her friend, "I'd do anything to make you happy Kiki, I love you so much. It makes me happy knowing you and Marc are happy. Now hopefully he'll forgive me for what happened at our grad."

Chiara snuggled up to Annie and asked her what had happened that could have been so bad that they hadn't spoken in three years.

Annie looked at her nervously then looked away. "You might not like what I'm about to tell you, and please don't tell anyone else what I'm going to say."
