 Chapter Seven - Thanksgiving and a Proposal Part One

It was Thanksgiving weekend, Chiara was so nervous she felt sick. Annie and Marc's parents were arriving any minute. She checked and rechecked her bag then went and looked at herself in the mirror again. Annie came up behind her and gave her a hug, kissing her on the cheek.

"Relax honey, Marc will be here soon. Mom and Dad will love you."

"But what if I fuck up? What if I let it slip about you and me too?" Chiara asked, feeling like she was going to cry.

Marc came into their room just then and exchanged a quick hug and kiss with Annie, then looked at Chiara and asked her if she was okay. She grabbed Marc and snuggled into him, shaking and shivering with jangled nerves. He caressed her back, calming her down with his reassuring words.

"Hey pixie-girl relax, it'll be fine. Mom and Dad will be here in five minutes then we're on our way."

That five minutes felt like five years to Chiara. Marc's folks pulled up right on time and they stowed their bags in the back of their MDX.

Marc's Mom almost ran to Chiara and gave her a big hug and kiss, "You must be Chiara, Marc's told us all about you! Aren't you just the sweetest little thing? You can call me Sarah. Brett, come say hi to Marc's young lady."

A big bear of a man came around the side of the car and took Chiara's hand in his massive one, "Well hello little lady, Marc speaks quite highly of you." He said with a deep Texas twang.

Chiara couldn't help blushing at what Marc's folks were saying. She hadn't know that he'd been telling them about her.

"Thank you Mr. Montgomery, it's a pleasure meeting both of you."

They all piled into the car, Marc sat up front with his Dad while Chiara, Annie and her Mom sat in the back.

Marc's Dad looked in the rear view at Chiara, "So you're Dan and Kristen's girl, how are your folks doing?"

"Uh, yeah. They're fine, Dad has a conference in New York so Mom tagged along. So, ahh, how do you know my parents?"

Brett and Sarah laughed and she patted Chiara's knee, "We used to go dancing together, but when we moved that kind of stopped our fun."

Chiara felt kind of weird, finding out that her parents knew Marc and Annie's folks yet she'd never met the twins before. She shared a look with them and they looked just as baffled as she felt. Brett pulled out of the lot and they headed for the highway. 

Once they were on the highway Sarah turned to Chiara and asked how she and Marc had met, explaining that Marc had been kind of evasive about it on the phone.

Chiara laughed and gave Marc a pat on the shoulder, "He was probably just being modest. Marc saved me from an awkward situation at his frat house's Halloween party, and Annie introduced us. He was actually very sweet and caring."

Sarah looked between her kids, "So you two are finally talking again? Will wonders never cease."

"Thank Kiki for that Mom, a lot of things have changed between me and Marc since the pipsqueak came along." Annie grinned.

Brett looked at Chiara through the mirror and smiled warmly, "Well Kiki, if what Annie said is true Sarah and I owe you a huge debt. It's been hard on us with the kids feuding for so long."

Sarah nodded, "Yes, they never told us what happened between them, but it must have been bad for them to not make up."

"Well Chiara laid down the law and demanded that we play nice. She didn't want to deal with the drama of her boyfriend and best friend fighting, so we decided to patch things up. Right sis?" Marc said with a sly wink at the little redhead.

"Yeah baby brother, I'm glad we found Kiki, I don't know where we'd be without her." Annie said as she gave her friend a quick hug and peck on the cheek.

Chiara was sure she was blushing to her toes she was so embarrassed. Marc and Annie's Mom was actually crying and even their dad seemed a bit choked up. They drove on in silence for a bit, then their parents started asking how they were making out in school and just chatted in general.

They eventually made it to their home and Chiara was impressed, from the outside it looked pretty big and the inside reflected the outside size. The inside was very tastefully decorated, and Brett and Sarah told Chiara to make herself at home. Sarah said Chiara could either have the guest room or bunk in with Annie.

"Uh I thought she'd be in with me," Marc chimed in.

Brett gave his son a look, then he stared down at Chiara. Finally he looked at Sarah for a minute then cracked a big grin. "Well you are adults, and I doubt I could keep you two apart even if I put one of you in a bunker, so Chiara you decide where you'll sleep." At this point he gave the lovebirds a stern look, "Just try to keep it down because I need my beauty sleep okay?"

They all laughed and Marc led Chiara up to his room. It was pretty typical of a guy's room, Xbox and TV, computer desk, a dresser and queen bed. He also had some posters up of scantily clad girls on his walls. Chiara wasn't surprised to see that they were all of petite girls, not at all like the busty babes most guys would have had.

Marc's arms went around Chiara from behind and he kissed her on the neck just under her ear. Chiara felt shivers race up her spine and she smiled up at him.

"Whoa loverboy, no need to rush things we've got all weekend," she said in a slightly husky voice.

"I know pixie-girl," Marc said as he hugged her tight. "I just can't get enough of you. You're like a drug to me and I'm addicted."

There was a soft knock on Marc's door and Annie slipped into the room.

Chiara could tell that she was holding back laughter and asked her what was so funny.

Annie burst into peals of laughter, "You're funny shrimp, I almost couldn't keep a straight face when you told mom how you and Marc met. And you called me a lying bitch. Priceless!"

"But I didn't lie did I? I just didn't tell all of the truth."

Marc chuckled, "You do have a point Kiki, technically you were telling the truth."

Annie flopped onto Marc's bed and laughed again, "The funny thing was that she was so scared and nervous, but when the chips were down she pulled it off like a pro! God Kiki you should be an actress after that performance."

Marc and Chiara started to laugh, which only set Annie off again and soon the three of them were crying they were laughing so hard. Marc's Mom peeked her head in the door and told them that his dad had gone to pick up some Chinese food. She asked if Chiara liked Chinese.

"Mom, Chiara's a total omnivore she'll eat anything." Annie smirked.

Marc and Annie looked at each other and said in unison, "as long as it's tasty!"

That set them all off again, and Sarah just shook her head and left them to their own devices.

Annie smiled at Marc and Chiara, "Well it looks like she passed the parent test bro. You should be honoured Kiki, our folks have certain ideas about the people we date. They don't really tell us outright, but if a person meets their expectations we know. Like when Dad said it was ok for you to sleep with Marc. That's never happened before."

"Tell me about it Annie, I was expecting a whole lecture from him."

"Well just for the record your parents passed the Chiara test. They're pretty cool, I think your mom wants to keep me."

Annie grinned again, "That's never happened before either."

Dinner came and they headed down to the kitchen and piled their plates before sitting at the table. Sarah asked if she could say grace before they ate. Brett, Annie and Marc looked a bit surprised but everyone agreed and took hands. Sarah did the old standard grace but surprised all of them when she asked God to bless Chiara for bringing Annie and Marc back together again. Chiara blushed again and Annie was grinning at her discomfort.

After dinner they all went to the family room to watch a movie. Brett and Sarah were cuddled up on one sofa while the kids all cuddled under a blanket on the other. Chiara was sandwiched between Marc and Annie. Half way through the opening credits she felt a hand start to unbutton her jeans and open the zipper. She leaned over to Marc and quietly asked him what he thought he was doing. He smiled and kissed her, telling her to enjoy the movie as he slipped his hand into her panties. His fingers gently spread Chiara's lips and found her hard little clit and he began to strum it slowly.

His teasing was starting to get to her and Chiara grabbed Annie's thigh and squeezed it hard. Annie looked at her and slipped her hand across Chiara's belly then down into her panties to join Marc's hand. Annie leaned close to Chiara's ear and kissed it, then started whispering dirty little nothings into it. With both of their hands working her Chiara couldn't concentrate on the movie, she was trying her best not to squirm and be quiet but every now and then she'd let out a little squeak.

Sarah looked over at them and asked if everything was okay. Marc said they were fine but Chiara's belly was upset from eating too much Szechuan beef. She asked if Chiara needed anything to settle her stomach, but she told Sarah she was fine as Marc and Annie were rubbing her belly better. Chiara even managed to let out a couple of small burps.

Chiara couldn't believe Marc and Annie were feeling her up right in front of their parents! Annie had her fingers in Chiara and Marc kept twiddling her clit. Chiara made it until about two thirds of the way through the movie before she gasped and bit her hand, trying to hold back the scream in her throat. When she was done cumming she kissed them both and thanked them.

Sarah looked over to them again, "Feeling better now sweetie?"

"Much better now thanks." Chiara said as she blushed.

They finished watching the movie and everyone headed up to bed. Marc and Chiara changed into their pj's and she was sitting on the bed when Annie came into the room grinning like the Cheshire cat.

"What are you grinning about?" Chiara asked.

"Well I just wanted to let you guys know that I had fun tonight."

Chiara giggled and said they were both evil and she was going to get them back.

They all tried to laugh quietly, then Annie stepped up to Marc and planted a long slow kiss on him. Marc seemed surprised at first then he held her tight and ground against her. To say that Chiara didn't think it was totally hot would be a lie. It was like their bodies were made from the same mold, everything seemed to fit perfectly. When they broke the kiss they were both flushed and breathing hard.

"Wow what was that for sis?"

"Oh it was just a thank-you for sharing our little love puppet here," she replied as she walked over to Chiara and gave her the same treatment. "Good night lovebirds, sweet dreams."

After Annie left the room Marc climbed into bed and asked Chiara how much she knew about their grad. Chiara told him what Annie had told her and he shook his head.

"Annie didn't tell you everything sweetie. I was a far more active part of what happened, and I knew who I was fucking long before I turned on the light. I wasn't mad at Annie all this time, I was afraid to be alone with her. I knew she had an eye for me just like she knew I wanted her. So I put up this front that I was mad at her. It was easier than admitting the truth. I'm sorry for not telling you everything up front, if you want to call it quits that's fine. I can go sleep in the family room."

"Marc Montgomery if you leave this bed it will be quits. I know that you and Annie have unfinished business and I'm fine with that. Hell if you want to go to her room right now and fuck the shit out of her be my guest. Just remember this, you're mine, forever and always."

Marc looked at her dumbfounded, "You're serious? You wouldn't have a problem if I went and fucked Annie tonight."

She smiled lovingly at him. "Marc when you think about it you and Annie have been fucking each other for weeks. I've just been the stand in. And I'm pretty sure Annie's already figured it out, I think that's why she laid one on you tonight."

Marc looked at her slyly, "And boy did she lay it on. She was almost better than you!"

Chiara whacked Marc with her pillow and he grabbed her and pushed her on her back. He then proceeded to kiss her until she was breathless and panting hard. They rubbed noses and he looked at her with his black eyes twinkling.

"Nope, you're still better pixie-girl."

Chiara touched his cheek, "Make love to me Marc, if you want you can call me Annie."

"No sweet Kiki, don't ever be anyone but yourself. When I'm with you I don't want it to be any other way."

Marc kissed her again, their tongues danced in each others' mouth and their hands roamed their bodies. He pulled away and stripped off his shorts, his big cock flopped out and slapped her thigh. Chiara grinned up at him and took his cock in her delicate hand, stroking him a few times before shimmying out of her shorts and the tee she'd stolen from him what seemed like ages ago and lay back down.

"No babe, I want you from behind," Marc said with a smirk.

Chiara rolled onto her belly and lifted her bum in the air while her head and shoulders stayed on her pillow. Marc moved behind her and she could feel his fingers playing with her pussy, getting it sloppy wet again. It wasn't long before she was quietly moaning and begging Marc to fuck her. He pulled his fingers out and replaced them with his cock, slowly pushing himself into her tight opening. Within a few strokes he was buried in her and Chiara was moaning again. God he just filled her up!

They were rocking back and forth as quietly as they could but Chiara knew they were still making noise. Marc leaned forward until he could whisper in her ear that he loved her. Chiara told him that she loved him too. He started picking up his pace, slamming his cock into her and making her squeal out her pleasure. That put Marc over the edge and he came, growling and filling her tight pussy with his cum. When Chiara felt his cum splash into her she buried her face into her pillow and screamed as her body shook with her intense orgasm. Their bodies slumped to the bed and they rolled onto their sides, still connected by Marc's cock. They snuggled quietly for a few minutes, then Chiara asked Marc if they had made too much noise and woken up his dad. Marc chuckled softly and told her that a grenade wouldn't wake his dad up once he was asleep. They kissed some more then fell asleep in each others arms.

---

Coffee, she could smell coffee brewing. Chiara slipped out of bed and pulled her discarded shorts and tee on and made her way to the kitchen. She found Sarah sitting at the table holding a steaming cup of angels' tears. She grabbed a cup and poured herself some and joined her.

"Morning Sarah, I thought Brett would've been the first one up." Chiara said.

"Brett? Dear god once he's asleep he may as well be in a coma."

They both laughed and Chiara said that she guessed she and Marc shouldn't have worried so much last night.

"Honey Brett may not have heard you but I did. Don't worry, you weren't that loud. I'm not so old that I've forgotten the passion of youth."

Chiara apologized to Sarah and blushed deeply. She just smiled and said it was okay.

Sarah gave her a look and said, "That's an interesting arrangement you three have young lady, care to enlighten me?"

"Uhm what do you mean?" Chiara asked as innocently as she could.

Sarah laughed. "Sweetie I'm not mad, I just want to know how you managed to get my kids to play nice again."

Chiara didn't know what came over her, she just felt that she could trust Marc's mom. Everything came pouring out. What had happened between her and Annie, the Halloween party, even what had happened at Marc and Annie's grad and what he had told her the previous night.

"Hmm, I thought as much. Chiara I know my kids. They've always been close, maybe even too close. When they came home the morning after grad with Annie begging Marc to talk to her I knew it had to be bad because Annie never begs. I thought of every possible scenario that could put Annie in a position to beg, the only one I could think of was them having sex. And now you come here this weekend and my kids are happy and laughing again. And don't think I didn't know what you three were doing while the movie was on. You're all adults though so as long as you're discreet I'll turn a blind eye."

Chiara blushed again and thanked Sarah for understanding. She also asked her to keep what she'd said between them.

Sarah gave her a hug and kiss, "It'll be our little secret Kiki, and why don't you just call me Mom. I suspect Marc will be asking you soon enough."

Chiara giggled, "He already has, we're just waiting until we're set up before we make it official."

Sarah's hands went to her mouth, "Oh my god are you serious? When? Has he gotten you a ring yet?"

"Yeah, he did. It was a few weeks ago. And no he hasn't yet we're taking that slow."

"Who's taking what slow Sarah?" Brett asked as he entered the kitchen.

"Well Chiara was just telling me how Marc's asked her to marry him."

"He what? Did he at least call your folks to see if they're okay with this?"

"No, not yet. We're waiting until we're done school then we'll make it official."

"No sweetie, we'll make it official today, if your parents agree to it. I just wish they could be here to see it."

Chiara asked Brett if they had wifi to the internet and he said yes they did. She told him she could hook up her laptop and use Skype to connect with them in New York.

"Well give them a phone call and tell them to be online for seven," Brett said.

Chiara grabbed the phone and called her mom and dad, "Mom? I need you and Dad to be on Skype for seven tonight okay? Everything's great Mom. Marc and Annie's parents are amazing. I can't talk now, remember seven o'clock okay? And have champagne handy. Bye I love you both!"

---

"What was that about?" Dan asked his wife when she hung up.

"Chiara wants us to be online for seven with champagne for some reason Danny." she replied.

"Oh boy! Do you think it means what I think it means?" he asked.

Kris grinned at him, "We'll just have to wait and see right?"

"But this is her first real relationship Kris," he said. "Don't you think this is really rushing things?"

"Dan Chiara's a smart girl. She's always been responsible and never does anything unless she's sure of it. We've talked to Marc on Skype before, I think he's a good kid. He doesn't seem to be the type to rush into things either," Kristen stated.

"I know sweetie, I like him too. But she's only eighteen, do you think she's ready to make that decision yet?"

"Danny we were barely nineteen when I got preggers with her, and were married before we were twenty. I think it's a case of the pot calling the kettle black if we pass judgment."

Dan grinned ruefully, "You're right Kris, just save that phone number, I think we should talk to Marc's folks before seven."

---

Chiara sat for a minute after she hung up. She was scared, excited, confused and felt like she was going to cry all at the same time. While all of these emotions raced through her Brett leaned out the kitchen door and bellowed up the stairs for Marc and Annie to get their tails downstairs pronto. Chiara couldn't help but giggle, he sounded like a cowboy from an old western when he said that. The dynamic duo thundered down the stairs and into the kitchen.

"What's up dad?" Marc asked breathlessly.

Brett gave Marc a hard stare. "Your mother tells me you asked this beautiful young lady to marry you. Is that true?"

Marc looked at Chiara for support but all she could do was shrug. Marc straightened his shoulders and looked his dad right in the eye. "Yes I did dad. I want to marry Chiara, and I believe she wants to marry me."

"You believe she wants to marry you? Son you have to know she does. Sure your mom and I had a whirlwind romance too but we knew we were right for each other. Now I want you to look into her eyes to her soul and tell me if she wants to marry you or not."
