 Kitty just got de-clawed. In the morning, she sleeps on my pillow, purring affectionately, her little motor still running when I wake up. 

This morning I woke up alone, and got up to make tea. 

"Pussy kitty, where are you, baby?"

I walked around the house once, and then made my tea and just stood drinking it, looking out the window in a sleepy daze. Then, I saw the back door was open a crack. Damn! I must have left it open when I came home from work. Oh no! My poor kitty got out. Now that she has been declawed, it's not safe for her to go running around, unable to defend herself. 

I didn't have anything on except a pair of navy blue silk panties. Once again, damn! Oh, who cares - my yard has a fairly high fence of every side, with ivy climbing all the way up and over, completely obscuring the view and creating wonderful privacy in the middle of the city. 

I ran into the garden. 

"Kitty! Where are you? Kitty!"

I felt - something - a presence, and looked up, and there you were, in your yard, just tall enough to see over the fence. I quickly covered my breasts, embarrassed! Or at least I tried to - since I have D cups, that is not too easy. And I turned to run into the house. 

"So sorry!" you called out. 

"Oh, it's okay",

I hesitated - and even though I was holding my breasts, trying in vain to cover them up, I did linger a second just to be polite. So crazy. I turned to you and the look in your eyes, wide, appreciative, stopped me. I suddenly felt moist, aroused. 

"I just - I was looking for my - cat."

"If I see it, I will definitely let you know."

You were extremely kind, not lecherous. But you continued to drink me in. It's okay. I understand. Guys. They're just boobs, but you like to look. And, I admit it, I like to be looked at. But I turned and went slowly into the house, instead of running like an idiot. 

Of course, just as I closed the door behind me, the cat brushed past me, having been in the house the whole time. 

I felt so hot in my pussy, I wanted to put my whole hand over it, cover it. I picked up my tea with my right hand, and massaged myself over my panties, so warm, so wanting. I looked out the kitchen window. There you were. There I was, my nipples erect, excited. You were standing in your kitchen, drinking me in again, not looking away. I stood there, getting moister by the minute. My vagina started to itch, like it just wanted to be touched. Naughty pussy. You couldn't see my hand, so I wasn't too humiliated. I slowly brought it up and held my mug to my lips with both hands, looking at you nonchalantly, just looking, not looking away. My nipples began to get harder and I wanted so badly to touch them. My breasts are so large that sometimes I like to bring them up to my own mouth and suck on them a little bit; I felt like doing that this morning, I wanted to so bad. 

You stayed there at the window, holding a coffee cup, staring at me, your eyes loving me. I arched my back and looked back at you confidently. 

"Who is this going to hurt? I am standing so still it's like he's looking at a painting."

And you regarded me like I was a piece of art, fascinated. You had a direct view of everything from the waist up, from my tummy, to my breasts, to my face, to my long, wavy hair. I pushed it back over my shoulder so that both breasts were fully exposed. You put down your coffee cup. What did you do with your hands? Oh yes, I remember. You put down the cup and put your hands on your chest, and slowly rubbed them over it. I was hypnotized, wet. Were you really doing this? I put down my cup and slowly put my hands on my breasts. You began to caress your chest with your fingertips, and stared at me, and I, under a spell of wanting, mirrored you. I heard the tick-tock of the kitchen clock and I also used just my fingertips to follow you, do whatever you did, tracing my breasts as you did to your chest, now touching the areolas lightly, now gently, so gently, pressing the tips of the tits, pushing into them with my fingers as you were doing. You put your first two fingers of each hand in your mouth, and slowly licked, licked and sucked them, and I followed, mesmerized. You took them out of your mouth, and I did, too, and I let you guide me, although I badly wanted to stop sucking them just for a moment and slowly put a finger in my vagina. You couldn't see, so I rubbed against the counter, but I couldn't get satisfied.

My panties were so wet they literally felt like they were dripping. But I continued to follow your lead as you delicately took each nipple in your fingers, and pulled them just a little, just a little, teasing. I wanted to be such a good little schoolgirl for you, a good little student. 

You took both hands off your nipples/my nipples, and slowly rubbed your sides and you brought them lower, lower, making a "V" over your waist, and, while holding me with your eyes, plunged them lower, until I could not see them below the window frame. But I knew. I knew you wanted me to feel the extreme pleasure, the release. You raised your shoulders, and I knew you wanted to me to place my fingers in myself, you wanted me to rub myself, to play with it. You wanted me to feel hot, to touch my wetness, to feel a lack of control, and I began to submit to you. 

You walked away from the window. Oh no! Oh, well, there must have been a reason you had to walk away.

A knock. I ran to put on my silk robe.

I went to my door. The UPS man! Oh, God, now? He wanted me to sign for something. Disappointment. Even though it was crazy to expect - I took the clipboard from him, and hurriedly scribbled my name, wanting to be alone. I was panting, and I wondered if he thought I was having a stroke. He asked for ID. Really? You're in my house, and you need me to produce ID? Whatever. I gave him a pass because he was cute, after all; short hair, glasses that perfectly matched his muscular face. I said I probably had the ID in the kitchen, so he followed me there. 

We walked to the counter, where I usually kept my purse, and there you were again, coffee cup in hand, staring. I stopped and smiled slightly. You nodded toward the UPS man, and slightly opened your shirt. I understood.

I turned away from the window, toward the UPS man, opened my robe, and dropped it to the floor, exposing everything except what was covered by my hot, wet panties. I wanted to please you, my lover/hypnotist. Would you touch yourself, get yourself off while watching us? I wanted you to see my vagina but you couldn't from the window.

I looked over my shoulder and you were smiling, nodding. The UPS man dropped his clipboard. I hopped up on my kitchen counter and opened my legs widely, about to put my finger on my vagina to clean up the wetness, but he walked up to me and without a moment's hesitation, put his whole mouth on my pussy. His whole mouth, and his beautiful, thick tongue. He pushed it inside me and I put my head back and smiled, comfortable, happy. I looked at you and you were gone again. I was receiving so much pleasure. Where did you go? I wanted you to watch.

The UPS man just wanted to be my little mouth-to-vagina slave. He licked me and licked me until I writhed with pleasure, and then put his finger in me and grabbed my bottom in his strong hand. Oh, what a naughty boy to miss his little schedule. He pushed me back and forth, back and forth with his strong hand and finger, until I was moaning with want. Oh please, please. His finger came out, his tongue went in again, he brought me to orgasm. Such a good boy. He pushed me back gently and lifted my left leg until it was on his shoulder, and plunged his tongue into me again. He heard me squeal with delight, with relaxation, and he looked up, proud of himself. He leaned over me and whispered in my ear. 

"I will be back to fuck you."

He didn't say when, I didn't ask when. I like surprises.

I put on my robe and walked him to the door, and shut it behind him, and watched him walk down the front walk, then went back to my day.

Footsteps. Again? Maybe he just needed to lock his truck before fucking me, who knows.

The door opened. You walked in, and my pussy moistened all over again. I wanted you to fuck me, fuck me so hard. You pulled off my robe, you took me in my livingroom, to my couch, you spread my legs, you thrust your tongue inside me where he had been, you took it out and put two fingers inside me, where his had been. You had been watching everything. I moaned instantly. Your fingers were inside me so deeply that I sat up involuntarily, I grabbed your back, I tore off your shirt and clung to you. I writhed, and maybe it seemed like I wanted to get away; maybe I did. I almost felt pain, you went so hard, so deep. You saw everything; you wanted everything, you wanted more, I wanted you to have more. You put three fingers in me and I screamed, but I wanted you. You slaved over my pussy, you licked me until I was almost crying, you wouldn't let me get away. I begged,

"Please, please, please, let me..." 

and you grabbed my tits and sucked them, bit them a little, your fingers still hard and controlling inside me. Harder, harder, harder. You pushed into me, up, up, up. You spread my legs apart even wider, you held my thighs and plunged your tongue into me over and over. I began to drip, and everytime I did, you lapped up my pussy juice like you were my kitty and it was milk. You rubbed my pussy on your face, and the next thing I knew you were fucking me, rocking me hard against my cushions, making me moan and scream and making me just want more and more of this. You grabbed my bottom, the man who hypnotized me and made me do everything he wanted; you owned me. You brought it to your cock, and you fucked me until I was shaking, and then you came in me, hard. You pushed my bottom closer, closer, and I was screaming, shaking. You exploded in me and you did not hold back; you poured yourself into me. Then you continued to fuck me, still hard as a rock, my beautiful cock from next door. You pushed me and pushed me until I couldn't stop moving forward and backward, forward and backward on you, fucking your juicy cock that I couldn't resist, making a fool of myself, fucking your cock and begging you for more. Thinking about this makes me wet all over again; wet and wanting you. I hope you will teach me how to please you again.