 While walking down the streets of her hometown, Ella was once again lost in her thoughts. She was thinking of days gone by when life was simpler, when she was free to come and go as she pleased. Life now seemed to follow the same old routine, nothing exciting ever happened. Not like in her younger days. Now she was a business woman, dressed in ladies suits, whereas before she used to wear form fitting jeans that showed off her amazing ass. She attended boring meetings, stayed late at the office working and could never imagine the luxury of sleeping in, ever.

Ella began to think of her past loves. She remembered Joe and his contagious smile and gorgeous eyes that seemed to transport her to another world. If he wasn't such a great kisser she wouldn't have stayed with him as long as she did. He was too focused on getting what he wanted and never really took the time to satisfy all of her needs.

Then a friend of hers introduced her to Andrew. They were so alike in so many ways, however once things became more physical, Ella quickly figured out that her desire to be with him wasn't there. Andrew was attractive, very attractive, but they didn't have that chemistry. Last she heard, Andrew he was living just outside of town and engaged to be married next month.

As she came to the edge of town she was left with the choice to turn around or take one of the many hiking paths. Her day had ended early due to a cancelled meeting, and seeing the hiking path her thoughts immediately turned towards Steven. She thought of him often; wondered where he was, if he was happy and always wondered what would have happened if they had stayed together. Steven loved being in nature just as much as she did.

They went on many hikes that usually ended with sex underneath the waterfall. Without thinking Ella ventured down the path with a big smile on her face. She suddenly came to a stop, remembering she was still in her suit with her dress boots. Ella was not dressed for hiking. She longed for her old jeans, fitted shirt, and to have Steven beside her again.

At that moment she was jolted back to reality by a simple text message. 'What should I pick up for dinner tonight? - Kevin.' Kevin was her husband of 3 years.

'No need. I'm done work early. I can pick something up.' With a sigh, Ella turned around and headed back into town.

They lived in a fairly small town with little family run shops everywhere. After picking up some meat and produce, Ella decided to pick up some dessert in the sweets shop. With the most recent memories of Steven flooding her mind, she needed some chocolate covered strawberries. Kevin wasn't very keen on desserts, but that never stopped Ella from indulging every now and then.

Opening up the shop door, a bell was triggered above the doorway announcing her arrival. The shop owner walked out of the back greeting her with a big smile.

"Nice to see you again. What can I get for you?"

Ella picked out a small box of chocolate covered strawberries, paid for them and turned to leave. Just as she reached for the door, it opened. She looked up and froze in her tracks. She couldn't believe her eyes. Ella felt a warm wave wash over her. He was standing right in front of her, in the flesh. He was here. Steven was back.

Walking down the street, everything still looked so familiar. As if he had never left. He wondered if she still lived here, and if so would she remember him. Steven remembered Ella as such a free spirited girl. She loved life to the fullest and went out of her way to make sure her friends were happy and loved. He was mesmorized by her smile; it could light up the room. Her laugh was contagious and she had the most amazing ass he ever saw. He didn't realize it then, but Ella brought the best out of him. Their bond was so strong, and since their breakup he couldn't find another girl that shared the same kind of passion as he had with her.

As he continued to walk he remembered one of the last dates they had. Ella was over at his place, they were cuddled up on the couch. She was leaning on her side with her head on his chest. He loved the way they fit together, so comfortable, so natural. They were nibbling on some chocolate covered strawberries that they had picked up earlier. It was a snack they often shared, while watching movies. Those movie dates always led to a night of steamy passion. You would never guess by just looking at Ella how truly passionate and talented in bed she really was.

Steven came to a sudden stop. He couldn't explain it, but something was telling him to stop. It was a good thing he did, because his memories were causing him to become aroused. He also had a strong craving for chocolate covered strawberries. There was only one shop in this town that made them and he happened to be standing right infront of it. He reached up for the door, and he heard the famous bell ring above the doorway. Looking up he suddenly felt weak in the knees. His mouth became dry and his heart raced. She was right in front of him. She still lived here and she had a box of chocolate covered strawberries in her hands.

They stood there for what seemed like a lifetime, frozen in time. So many things raced through their minds neither one could muster a single word.

"Hi" Ella finally said, flashing him a smile.

"Um, Hi" Steven replied.

Ella stepped back so he could enter the store.

"I was just coming to pick up..." he started to say.

"Yah, me too." she interrupted, holding up the box.

They both smiled. It felt so good to see her again.

"Do you want to go somewhere? I mean go for a walk and we can catch up?" Without waiting for a response, Steven held his hand out for her. "Sorry, old habit."

But before he could put his hand down she grabbed it. "I'd love to."

As they walked down the side streets, Ella learned he was here on a business trip and heading home Sunday afternoon. He travelled all over the country for work and enjoyed his job. Steven learned about Kevin. He had never met Kevin but instantly felt jealous, even though he himself was now married. Ella found herself both happy and sad that Steven had found someone to marry. She loved Kevin, but Steven was the one love she always wished she had never let go of.

"Where are you staying?"

"Just inside the city at the Hilton on Main Street."

It was a nice hotel located beside the local bar. They turned the corner arriving back in the downtown area when Ella glanced down at her watch.

"I should get going" she said.

Kevin would be getting home soon and he would be wondering where she was. Before Steven could stop to think, he found himself inviting her out for a drink later that night. Ella smiled at the invite, she was flattered, but unfortunately she couldn't tonight.

"How about tomorrow night? I'll meet you in the bar at 9:30?"

Steven found himself a little disappointed, but gladly agreed to her counter proposal.

"Tomorrow night it is."

Ella went through the motions at home, thinking only of tomorrow night. That night she went to bed early. Her mind was racing; how would she tell Kevin that she needed to go meet someone at a bar, late at night? Should she make up some excuse or simply tell him she ran into an old friend and they wanted to get together and catch up on old times.

Ella eventually fell asleep and started to dream about Steven. It had been a long time since her dreams were filled with such passion. Kevin was a wonderful guy, and he loved her very much and was a true gentleman, however the passion she had shared with Steven was unbeatable.

Ella woke up in the morning with a smile on her face, as she thought of seeing Steven again tonight. She didn't know how, but she would figure something out. Putting on her housecoat, she walked from the bedroom downstairs to the kitchen. It was quiet, too quiet. She found a note on the table that let her know Kevin had gone out to the store to pick up some milk. Taking advantage of his absence Ella decided to have a shower. Her dreams had her all worked up and she needed a release.

Entering the bathroom, Ella let her housecoat slide off her smooth, soft shoulders and fall to the ground. Stepping towards the shower she removed her panties, which she noticed were a bit moist. She turned on the water and soon the bathroom filled with steam. Ella loved her showers, and she loved them hot and steamy.

She stepped into the shower and let the hot water wash over her. Tipping her head backwards, her long brown hair reached the small of her back. This sent a stream of water over her firm ass and down her legs. She began to run her hands down the front of her chest, slowly massaging her breasts and playing with her nipples between her fingers. There were so sensitive, always have been. She remembered how Steven would suck and ever so gently nibble on them. Sliding her left hand down her stomach she began to play with herself. Rubbing her clit back and forth, slowly at first then gradually getting faster.

Ella felt her knees get weak. Slowing down in order to regain the strength in her legs again, she placed her middle two fingers of her right hand inside of her pussy. Sliding them in and out as her left had started to once again rub her clit back and forth. Shock waves went down her legs; unable to remain standing Ella sat down. She rested her head on the back of the tub with the water pounding on her chest. Her hands continued right where they left off. Once again her body was filled with a rush she hadn't felt in a long time. Ella's heart raced, and her leg muscles tensed up as she became closer and closer to orgasm. She arched her back as her orgasm hit her. Feeling her clit pulse so hard and her kegel muscles tighten around her fingers as she finally felt release was such an amazing feeling.

As Ella slid her fingers out from inside her she saw them coated in her sweet cum. She quickly brought them up to her mouth for a taste before the hot water washed it away. Yummm. Unable to move just yet Ella sat there enjoying the hot water fall on her now very sensitive naked body. All her senses had become heightened and she loved it.

Steven was in a daze most of the day; he couldn't wait to see Ella tonight. He had a slight panic mid afternoon at the thought that she might not show up. To keep his mind busy he spent most of the afternoon cleaning up the hotel room. He wasn't expecting anything to happen tonight; after all they were both married to other people. Still he couldn't help to think, what if.

It was going to be dinner time soon and Ella still had no idea how she was going to get away tonight. She hated the idea of telling Kevin a lie, but time was running out and she couldn't accept the idea of standing Steven up.

All of Ella's worries were washed away with the sound of the phone ringing. "Hey Hun, that was work. Tom can't make it in tonight so I have to cover for him. Sorry, but it's going to be a late night." Stifling a smile she assured Kevin that it was ok. Problem was solved. Kevin's work was a good 45 min drive away, in the opposite direction to where Steven was staying. He would be working until 1 am, leaving her plenty of time to see Steven and get home before Kevin returned from work.

Steven walked into the bar at 9:15, he wanted to be early. After a quick look around he was relieved that he had indeed arrived before Ella. The bar wasn't overly crowded, but he grabbed a table near the door to be sure he could see Ella when she arrived. Despite his earlier fears, he was confident she would come.

Walking into the bar her heart pounded. She couldn't believe he was really here; she couldn't believe she was here. Steven was at a loss for words at the sight of her. Ella was wearing an amazing pair of black dress pants, they were elegant and hugged her just enough to show off her incredible form. She wore a flattering red v-neck shirt that took his breath away. Time had been good to her. As she walked towards him her smile grew bigger with each step. She held herself with such confidence; it was almost as if the past 4 years had been a dream, and that they were still together.

Steven stood up, and slid out her chair for her to sit down.

"I'm glad you could make it" he said "But how... I mean what did you..."

"He got called into work." Ella said before he could finish.

They ordered drinks and spent the next hour talking, laughing, and remembering days they had spent together. At one point she ever so slightly brushed her hand up against his arm and they both fell silent. Steven was suddenly filled with a rush of emotions, his heart raced again, his palms become sweaty, and the urge to kiss her was stronger than before. Ella felt it too, the incredible connection they had was still there.

"Sorry" she said as she withdrew her hand.

"No, don't be. I like it."

Steven smiled at her "I miss us."

After a slight pause he asked her if she wanted to go somewhere a little quieter. Ella agreed without hesitation.

Unable to find any words they just stood in the elevator staring at each other, smiling. She loved the way he looked at her made her feel warm and so special. Steven opened up the door to his room and let her walk in. Ella noticed right away the large king sized bed in the middle of the room. On the far end was a small kitchenette and seating area.

"Come have a seat, I'll get us a drink."

She walked over and sat down at the small round table.

"You know this is perfect, I have some wine left and I'd hate for it to go to waste," he said as he reached for the wine glasses.

As he poured the wine he looked up at Ella and mentioned that the chairs were so uncomfortable "let's go sit on the couch."

Ella slowly started to forget about the life she now lived and began to fall back into the life she had with Steven. Their conversation became softer, quieter and more intimate. Steven's desire to kiss her grew stronger and stronger. Her words no longer reached his ears, as hard as he tried to listen to what she was saying, he couldn't help but think about how soft and moist her lips were. When she set her wine glass down, she lifted her hand to tuck her hair behind her ear. Steven couldn't hold back anymore, he seized the moment and kissed her. For a split second she pulled away, and then grabbed the back of his head and pulled him back in for a passionate kiss.

God, she missed him! The kiss was filled with passion, desire and longing. Ella ran her fingers through his hair and Steven held her as close to him as he could. Coming up for air he saw in front of him; the girl he knew years ago, the smile on her face said it all. A sudden wave of guilt washed over him.

"I'm sorry," he said "You just look so beautiful."

"Don't be," She replied "I liked it."

Steven smiled, and kissed her again and again. Ella felt incredible; her lips entangled in his, their tongues teasing each other. He kissed her cheek so softly, moving slowly down her neck. Ella tipped her head up and arched her back; she felt his kisses all throughout her body. Steven slid the neckline of her shirt over to the side and continued to kiss towards her shoulder. Soft, gentle quick kisses. Ella grabbed his head with both hands and pulled him back up to her face. She kissed him so hard it hurt. Finally releasing him a little they continued to kiss, hearts raceing, and their breathing became heavier. Steven slid his hands under her shirt and up her back, feeling every inch of her skin.

Steven wasn't sure if it was her leaning back, or him trying to be close to her as possible but she began to lay back. He leaned forward; gently coming down on top of her, their lips remained together. Once she was on her back Steven laid beside her on his side. With one hand supporting his head he placed the fingers of his other hand at the base of her neck. Slowly he inched them down the middle of her chest; down lower and lower. He lifted her shirt just enough to see her belly button. Very gently he ran his fingers around her tummy, sending shockwaves of arousal throughout her body. He slid his hand to her hip and pulled her up against him and kissed her passionately.

Feeling Steven playing with the back of her shirt, sliding it up with his hand against her skin, she reached down and pulled her shirt off. As if she was giving him permission; letting him know she was ok and wanted him as much as he wanted her. Steven couldn't believe what was happening. He was afraid this was some kind of dream and he was going to wake up any second. Ella lightly bit her lower lip as she reached over to take off his shirt. Steven pulled her up against himself, skin to skin. He loved the way she fit against him, her curves fit in all the right places. Steven kissed the side of her neck and pulled himself back around so he was back on top of her.

He continued to kiss down her body, gently running his hands over top of her amazing breasts; playing with her nipples and then continued kissing down her chest, and across her stomach. Ella was running her fingers up and down his back, at times digging her fingers into him with intense passion. Trying hard to arch her back as he pleasured her, it was as if it was too much for her body to contain.

Steven slowly unbuttoned her pants, and undid her zipper as he continued to kiss her. My God, she was beautiful; she smelled amazing and tasted so good. He let his lips rest and his tongue do the exploring. Ella grabbed hold of the back of his head and let out a squeal of excitement. Her face flushed, and she felt an intense wave wash over her entire body as Steven licked her clit. He placed his fingers just inside her pussy and teased her a little; she was so wet and tasted so sweet.

Ella felt him kiss, suck and lick all over her pussy. His cock grew larger and larger with every taste. Putting his fingers in farther he could feel her tense up; he flicked her clit with his tongue urging her to cum. She moaned and squirmed. Faster and faster he continued to finger fuck her tasting everything he could. Despite his weight on her she arched her back, and cried out that she was cumming. That's when he saw her sweet white cum; slowly he removed his fingers, cleaning her up with his tongue. He began to kiss her again moving back up to her stomach. She wanted so badly to feel him inside of her.

Steven continued to kiss her, moving further and further up her stomach, chest, and neck, until finally he was back up to her lips. Then he stopped. He looked at her and Ella could see something was wrong.

"What's wrong?"

"Well," he said "You see this was the last thing I was expecting to be doing. And, well... I don't have anything with me."

"And I didn't bring anything either."

Both of them let out a sigh of disappointment. She reached her hand down and put it on his pants overtop of his hardened cock. Steven wanted so badly to be inside her, but with no protection they couldn't risk it.

"No worries," she said, "let me return the favour." She kissed his chest slowly, seductively as her hands unbuttoned his pants and opened his zipper. Kissing him lower and lower he slid onto his back so he was underneath her. She reached that one spot on a guy's body she loved. That spot just above the hips that seemed to pull inwards, downwards... creating a V. She ran her fingers along it and she felt him shudder underneath her. Ella glanced back up at him, flashing him a smile then she resumed kissing him just on the inside of his hip. Slowly kissing over where she had just ran her fingers, but this time she didn't stop. She kissed the base of his hardened cock, slowly working her way up to the head. Ella wrapped her fingers around the base and licking her lips, wrapped her tongue around his hard cock, taking more and more in her mouth.

Sucking on his precum she stroked him with her hand and could feel his cock pulse harder. Steven once again started to breathe heavy. He couldn't believe she was doing this for him. Deeper and deeper, faster and faster she went. Ella could feel his body tense up as she let him fuck her mouth. He put his hand on the back of her shoulder and pressed hard. She could tell he was close as her mouth filled with precum. He urged her to go faster; she moved her hand in sync with her mouth faster.
