 AUTHOR'S NOTE: This story contains straight sex, bisexual sex, gay sex and incest.

***

BRINGING IN THE NEW YEAR

On New Year's Eve Day, the family prepared the food and drink for their guests. They put out a buffet of assorted meats, cheeses, breads, condiments, veggies and dip. It would be very informal as food was not the agenda, sex would be. In the early afternoon, Artie and Tyler arrived. Tyler was excited about the plans for the evening but Artie was still apprehensive. A little later the Delia and Chole arrived wearing incredibly tights slacks. Both Brandon and Tyler noticed and were anxious to see those asses naked. Delia smiled at the gay young men and asked.

"Well Brandon are these your gay friends?"

"Yes, Tyler and Artie."

"How you boys ever fucked a female in the ass?"

"Yes, just my mother. Tyler has too but not Artie."

"Well then you will have to show us what you can do. Maybe we will get you involved Artie."

Dustin chimed in, "Before we get too far along. The boys have a request. They want you to wear these one-piece lounge outfits."

The Greek sisters smiled and assessed the loungewear. Dustin added, "I bought them for Brandon and Margaret. We have enjoyed the effect they produce. Leave the drop seats buttoned, the boys will deal with those."

The sisters used the bedroom to change clothes and emerged wearing the loungewear. Chole in pink and Delia in white. The six of them went to the family room where all the action would take place well into the evening. The plan was to be done with sex before midnight. Dustin told them to kneel on the sofa at either end. Everyone else but Artie shed their clothes. Brandon and Tyler approached the sisters and simultaneously opened the drop-seats on the loungewear. It was like unveiling two master pieces ass the lovely Greek asses came into view.

Brandon could not contain his excitement, "Oh my God, Dustin you're were right!"

Tyler echoed the words, "Chole you ass is magnificent."

Dustin handed them the lube and the two gay teens went about preparing the irresistible asses. Both women arched their backs and further emphasized their curvy bottoms. The only part of the anatomy on display were the derierres poking out of the openings. Brandon and Tyler had rigid boners and were ready to fuck the two lovelies. Margaret was on all fours with Dustin fucking her from behind as they watched the foursome. 

Brandon eased his cock into Delia and Tyler went into Chole. As they looked down at the incredible asses they were fucking, they could have been fucking other gay guys. Artie had lowered his pants and underwear. He was jerking off watching the asses of his friends. Brandon and Tyler were so turned on they both ejaculated quickly and shot huge loads in the receptive asses. They kept their cocks in the sisters as they knew they could cum again but Dustin cautioned them.

"Okay boys we have a long night ahead of us. Pace yourselves, save some for later."

The two gay teens reluctantly backed out of the asses and watched as their seed oozed out quickly. They used the towels put there earlier by Dustin to catch the semen. They were proud of themselves as they had fucked their second female ass. It had been easy though given the magnificent bottoms presented to them. Delia then announced.

"Well done boys, those were some impressive loads. Now we want to see you in the loungewear."

The sisters took off the outfits and handed them to the boys. Tyler and Brandon put them on and assumed the position on the sofa. Delia wanted to see the boys get fucked so Artie fucked Brandon and Dustin fucked Tyler. They too came quickly and flooded the rectums. While the gay teens were getting their asses fucked, the sisters slipped on their strap-on dildos. As soon as Dustin moved away, Chole shoved her fake cock into Tyler's ass. Likewise, when Artie backed out, Delia was there to fuck Brandon. 

"We want to keep that cum in your asses while we fuck our first gay bottoms," Delia uttered. 

Dustin was back with Margaret eating her pussy as she had not cum yet. Artie, seeing Dustin's big dick hanging down between his legs, moved over and began sucking on the impressive cock. Dustin didn't want to cum in Artie's mouth as he wanted to reward the sisters with a big load. Once Margaret had orgasmed, Dustin stood up and his cock slipped from the succulent mouth much to the chagrin of Artie. Dustin moved behind Delia and slid his dick into her scrumptious ass. He fucked her and let her do most of the work as she continued to fuck Brandon. 

After a short while, he moved to Chole and fucked her ass as she worked the fake dick in and out of Tyler. Dustin kept moving between the sisters as he had done times before. When he came he filled Delia's rectum first and then fed Chole the remainder of his load. Brandon and Tyler were besides themselves as they desperately needed to cum again. They moved away from the sisters, shed the lounge wear and stretched out on the floor. Seeing this, Artie joined in and they moved into position to suck each other's cock. Artie was sucking Brandon, Tyler was doing Artie and Brandon sucked Tyler.

Dustin watched as the three women then duplicated the teens. They positioned themselves to eat pussy. Delia was on Margaret, Chole on Delia and Margaret on Chole. Dustin decided to take a break and made a drink for himself. He watched the gay and lesbian threesomes as he enjoyed his scotch. He continued to watch the orgy until they all orgasmed and ejaculated. The six of them remained on the floor for several minutes as they recovered. Then they all got up, got drinks and joined Dustin. It was quite a sight with the seven of them sitting around naked enjoying their drinks. Each of them wondered what they could possibly do next but they were far from done.

Dustin got robes for the women and the guys put on tees and shorts. They decided to take a long break and get something to eat. They fixed their plates, refreshed their drinks and sat around the dining room table. It was Delia who got creative and suggested that they all be linked together for the next go round of sex. It was the wildest thing that any of them had ever done or ever dreamed possible. Once they had finished the food and drinks, they returned to the family room.

Dustin and Margaret faced each other on their sides with him fucking her pussy. Delia with a double dildo got behind Margaret. She placed one end in her pussy and the other end in Margaret's ass. Brandon got behind Delia and eased his cock into her bottom. Chole also with a double dildo, fucked Brandon with the other end in her pussy. Tyler fucked Chole's ass and Artie fucked Tyler. The three women had both holes filled and the three gay teens had cocks in their asses. Even Dustin would have never come up with that combination. There was no rush to cum, if anything they all wanted to last as long as they could. However, they did all cum again, one by one. They remained coupled together feeling sexually sated and understandably drained.

Eventually they separated and all decided to shower and get dressed to bring in the New Year. More food was consumed, drinks served and the champagne ready to pop. The countdown began and then they all toasted each other and wished each other a Happy New Year. Kisses and playful feels were exchanged and they finished the Champagne. Artie left after the brief New Year's celebration but the others went to bed at the house. The two sisters and Margaret slept together in the king size bed. Tyler slept with Brandon and Dustin slept solo in the guest bedroom.

NEW YEAR'S DAY

That morning Dustin woke up with his traditional morning piss hard-on. He left the guest bedroom and looked in on his wife and the sisters. The three of them were naked in the king size bed and just slowly waking up. Margaret rolled to her back and Dustin went to her. He knelt at the foot and gently pulled her legs apart. She opened her eyes and smiled at him and then he moved between her thighs and slipped his cock into her.

His goal was to make all three women cum before he took his morning piss. He moved slowly in and out of his wife and it didn't take long for her to orgasm with that stiff shaft rubbing her clit. He next moved to Chole who was in the middle and repeated the action with her. Then it was on to Delia and he was glad that she came quickly because the pressure in his bladder was nearly unbearable. Dustin got out of bed and went to the bathroom to relieve himself. When he came back out, he put the women on notice.

"Girls, get your asses ready. I'm going to go and get the boys."

The three women quickly used the bathroom, lubed their bottoms and got back in bed on their knees. Their lovely asses were pointed up awaiting the three cocks. Dustin went to Brandon's room and he was pleased to see them both awake. They were more than awake as Tyler was prone underneath Brandon who had his arms wrapped around his gay friend. Brandon was fucking Tyler slowly. Dustin starred at his stepson's incredible ass as it drilled the nearly equally shapely ass under him.

"Glad to see that you two are in the mood. Come with me, we have three asses waiting for us in the other room."

Brandon backed out of Tyler and they stood up. The were both sporting boners and Dustin smiled at their condition. The three of them went to the master bedroom and found the women in position to get their asses reamed. 

"Tyler, you take Margaret, she handles your cock the best. Who do you want Brandon?"

"I'll take Chloe."

"Okay, Delia you get me."

"Remember to go slow at first."

All three moved into position behind the mature women and eased their cocks into the lovely bottoms. Once they were penetrated the women lowered their heads to the mattress. Chole turned her face toward Margaret and the two of them held hands. Chole then felt her sister's hand in her other hand. Chole leaned over and kissed Margaret and then turned to her sister and they kissed as well. Tyler and Brandon were so pleased with themselves that they were enjoying anal sex with the women. They would spend time with each other later but at the moment they loved the female bottoms. 

Delia's passage had stretched out and Dustin was now easily gliding in and out of the experienced Greek ass. It was another erotic sight with three lovely women kneeling side by side getting their sweet asses fucked. Margaret liked Tyler's slender dick as it was no thicker than her husband's finger. She could handle her son too but she preferred Tyler. Of course, if Chole and Delia could take Dustin they could handle just about any cock.

Brandon was the first to cum and he flooded Chole's rectum with his first load of the day. Tyler was next and then Dustin. The three of them rocked back on their heels and watched as the semen ran out of the twitching anuses and trickled down over the vulvas. It was time to get cleaned up and get dressed. The women used the master bath to shower and douche their bottoms. Dustin used the third bath as Tyler and Brandon showered together.

Dustin was the first one dressed so he got breakfast started, He made the coffee and prepared the pancake mix. He began to grill the sausages, poured the juice and set the table. By the time the other five arrived he had already had the pancakes going. Stakes of pancakes along with sausage were served and everyone had a delicious meal. Afterward Tyler and Brandon did the dishes, frying pans and cleaned up. The six of them sat together in the family room with their coffee. Margaret began the conversation about the weekend.

"I didn't think that I would ever have a New Year's celebration like this one."

Delia laughed and replied, "You've come a long way Margaret. You really got into it."

"I guess I have you and your sister to thank for my debauchery."

"It was our pleasure but I love the way your son and his lover adapted to our asses."

Brandon and Tyler both blushed and Brandon spoke, "It really began with our mother and Dustin's coaching but you and Chole were the ones who got mother ready for real cocks."

"That's true, the anal beads and slender dildos did the trick. Tyler your cock is just like one of the slim dildos. I love that your cock fits so well and I love the sensation of you cumming in my rectum."

Dustin added, "You've been able to handle your son's cock too."

"Yes, but I like it when Tyler goes first and stretches me out first. I can still do Brandon first but with lots of lube. What's planned for the rest of the day?" 

"Chole and I were going to go downtown and look at the decorated store windows. It won't be crowded today. Would you like to go along?"

"Yes, I would like that. It's a nice day and It would be good to get out. What about you boys?"

Dustin responded, "I'm going to read the paper and watch football. The Bowl Games are on today."

"Tyler and I are going to hang out and listen to music. Probably read the paper too."

Delia then directed, "Well, let's get dressed girls and head out."

Minutes later the women were gone and Dustin was reading the paper with a Bowl Game on TV. The teens were in Brandon's room with music playing softly. Dustin suspected that they were doing more than listening to music. The Bowl game was lopsided with one team dominating play. Dustin decided to check on the boys as he was beginning to feel horny again. Sure enough, when he peeked in on them, they were in the same position he had found them that morning.

Tyler was prone on the bed but he was pushing his ass up the best he could with Brandon on top. Brandon's legs were between Tyler's and he had his arms wrapped around his lover. He was nuzzling Tyler's neck and tonguing his ear. Dustin watched Brandon's incredible ass in motion as he fucked his gay friend. Spotting the lube on the dresser, he stripped naked and greased his dick.

He got on the bed squatting over his step son and eased his big dick into the receptive ass. Brandon groaned but kept moving, fucking Tyler and impaling his ass on his stepfather's cock. Dustin had both arms on either side of the teens and kept his weight off of them. Brandon looked beautiful with his ass full of cock as he fucked the lovely bottom beneath him. 

Tyler called out in a raspy voice, "Oh, oh, oh fuck!"

Brandon only grunted as he fucked and got fucked. Dustin just took in the glorious sight keeping his cock in his stepson's ass. Brandon was the first to cum and he filled his lover's rectum with the warm seed. Dustin tried to hold off as he loved the sight of his cock moving in and out of the shapely derriere. When he finally ejaculated he flooded his stepson's ass and collapsed onto the smooth body. Tyler was crushed beneath the two and he begged for relief.

"I can't breathe. Let me up!"

Dustin backed out of Brandon who in turn rolled off of Tyler. After taking several deep breaths, Tyler rolled to his back. His slender erection lay against his abs and it was obvious he needed to cum.

"Dustin, fuck me too."

"I won't be able to cum for a while, Tyler."

"That's okay, just fuck me until I cum."

Dustin moved between the slender shapely legs and eased his still hard cock into the pretty gay teen. Tyler let out a sigh as the big dick filled his channel once again. Tyler reached for his own cock but Brandon took a hold of it. He jerked his lover off for a few strokes and then lowered his mouth to engulf the throbbing pecker. With Dustin fucking him and Brandon blowing him, Tyler didn't last long. He warned Brandon that he was close. Brandon then returned to jerking off his lover's cock and watched as streams of semen shot out.

"I love to watch him shoot."

Dustin remained still with his cock deep in Tyler's ass as the teen spewed his seed onto his effeminate body. After resting for a few minutes, Dustin eased his cock out and sat back before speaking.

"Get your robes and let's hit the Jacuzzi."

The two teens were all for it as they loved to soak in the hot tub after sex. They particularly enjoyed using the jets to douche their bottoms. After about thirty minutes in the Jacuzzi, they were all relaxed and they returned to the house. Dustin got dressed and resumed watching football as the teens hung out in Brandon's room.

Later Margaret arrived home and Tyler left to go to his house. The family had leftovers for dinner and later relaxed in the family room. Dustin stayed up to watch the last Bowl game but Margaret and her son retired earlier. Monday would be a quiet relaxing day and one that they all needed after the New Year's orgy.

THE WEEK AHEAD

The family slept in Monday morning getting a much-needed rest. Dustin suggested they go out for breakfast when they were all awake and dressed. They had a leisurely meal followed by café lattes. The café was not crowded so they took their time enjoying the lattes and sharing the morning newspaper. It was nearly 1:00 PM when they finally returned home.

Margaret decided to take a nap leaving her husband and son to themselves. Dustin turned on the TV and watched a movie with Brandon. He was seated on the sofa with his stepson's head in his lap. Brandon began to get frisky and began playing with his stepfather's cock. Dustin raised his hips and slipped off his pants and underwear. Branon then took the impressive cock in his hand and sucked on it as he stroked it.

Dustin fondled Brandon's ass through the pants. He loosened them and slipped his hand into the pants and underwear. He fondled and squeezed the curvy bottom as his cock was sucked. Brandon then shed his pants and underwear and now they were both naked except for their shirts. Brandon whispered.

"Do you want to go to my room?"

"No, just go get the lube. I like the look when you're kneeling on the sofa."

Minutes later Brandon was kneeling on the cushion facing the back of the sofa. He knew just how to arch his back so that his bottom looked the most appealing. Dustin lubed his cock and fingered the rubbery ring. Next, he stepped up and eased his erection into the scrumptious ass. As always, he would take his time and fuck his stepson slowly, savoring every moment. He held to the slender hips and watched his cock slide in and out, disappearing and then re-appearing. Dustin always loved this view as Brandon's cock and balls were never visible, just the lovely sweet ass.

He caressed the smooth cheeks and his stepson wiggled his bottom in response. Brandon was enamored with the big dick in his ass and he wanted to be fucked for hours. Dustin would not last that long, however, as the erotic sight accelerated his ejaculation. He could feel it building, starting in his toes. The sensation traveled through his lower body and then he released a huge load into the glorious bottom. Brandon reacted by squeezing his sphincter with each jet that shot into him. Finally, the ejaculation subsided and Dustin's cock bathed in his own semen.

"Dustin, turn around and let me sit on your cock. Keep it in me."

Dustin lifted his stepson up and turned around, keeping his cock in the curvy bottom. He sat on the sofa with Brandon in his lap. Brandon began jerking off but Dustin decided to do that for him. He replaced his stepson's hand with his own and stroked the smaller cock. Brandon leaned his head back and closed his eyes as he approached his release. Then spurts of semen shot out of his shaft and landed on his abs and pubes. Dustin's hand was covered with some of the generous load. They remained still for several minutes. Brandon then licked his seed off of his stepfather's hand. 

"Oh wow, was that ever great."

"You are a great fuck Brandon. I love your ass."

"I want to sit on you until you go soft."

"That may take a while. I feel that I could stay hard and fuck you again."

"That would be great too."

They didn't fuck again but waited until Dustin's cock softened and then Brandon eased his body up ad off. He quickly covered his bottom with his hand and hurried to the bathroom. Dustin also used the bathroom to wash up. Later they were both dressed in tees and shorts, seated in the family room. Margaret woke up about a half hour later. She joined them and they discussed the upcoming week.
