 I had been dating Sara for three months, and things were hitting a point of becoming routine in the bedroom. Well all that changed one night.

It was a Tuesday night, and I had gotten home from work a bit early, I wasn't planning to do anything except rest when the phone rang. I looked at my caller ID and saw that it was Sara. "Hey there, babe, what's up?"

"Do you have plans tonight?" She sounded a bit stressed and haggard. "I mean can I come over and have dinner with you? I just had the worse day at work and I just need some good company."

"Sure! Do you want to talk about it?"

"Not right now, I'd rather talk about it in person."

"When are you going to be here?"

"I just left work, so I should be there in about thirty minutes."

"Great, I'll see you then."

I hung up the phone and immediately went over to the refrigerator. I knew that she needed some good comfort food and I looked for what I could make. I didn't really have much left in the house, and I whipped whatever I had together into something that was somewhat comforting, and hopefully a bit appetizing.

As I was finishing up the doorbell rang. I went over, opened the door, and Sara came in and gave me a great big hug. As I hugged her back she said, "I just needed a hug." 

"Well I'm glad I could assist you with that." I said with a smile. "I also made some dinner for us."

She looked over at the table and smiled. "Looks great."

We walked over to the table and sat down. I served her some food and we sat quietly eating. About half way through the dinner I said, "So tell me, babe, what happened?"

"I don't want to talk about it, this dinner is so great. I was thinking on my way here that I'm lucky to have a guy like you to come to when I'm feeling like shit."

"You won't get any arguments from me there." I said with a laugh.

"And you're modest too." She replied with a small smile.

"Hey there's the smile that I was missing."

She looked at me and smiled a little larger. Then she seemed to clam up again and focus on eating her food again.

The meal finished quietly, and she helped me clear the dishes off the table. After we loaded the dishwasher, Sara went to the bathroom. While she was distracted, I took two Little Debbie Brownies and put them in a bowl, and then nuked them in the microwave for a few seconds. Then I got some ice cream from the fridge, and put two scoops on top. Then I headed over to the table with the desert, two spoons and chocolate sauce.

When she came back, she looked at the table and smiled. "You made my favorite dessert!"

"Well, it's probably the worst one you'll ever have, but I tried."

She looked at me and gave me this great big smile. She came over and gave me a kiss, not passionate, but very sensual none the less. Then she sighed, "I don't know which one to go for first, but since the ice cream will melt, I guess I should go for that."

She took the chocolate sauce container, and drizzled a good amount on to the brownie sundae before digging in. "These are Little Debbie's, aren't they?"

"I told you it was going to be pretty bad." I said shrugging my shoulders.

"It may not be the best, but it certainly is the sweetest." She was enjoying the sundae so much, I hardly got a chance to get a bite myself. She had finished the brownie first, and just had one more scoop of ice cream left. I swooped in and grabbed it on my spoon and took it before she had the chance.

As I put it in my mouth, I got the feeling that she let me get the past of the ice cream, and a few seconds later I found out why. She immediately leaned into me and started kissing me, sharing the ice cream that was already in my mouth. It was an totally different sensation, cold, and sweet, and slippery, and creamy, it was so sexy. When the ice cream had melted we continued kissing for a few moments.

"Mmmm, that was a great treat." I said.

"Well... I'm still not full." She said with a mischievous grin.

"I'm sorry we're out of brownies, ice cream, and just about everything else. I really need to go food shopping."

"Well you seem to have more chocolate sauce, if only we could think of something to put it on..." She had moved over and was sitting on my lap as she pondered this. I instantaneously got hard and pulsed against her leg. "I think it just hit me," She said with a big laugh.

Slowly she brought her hands up and undid my shirt buttons one by one, getting me hotter and hotter as each one was set free. When my shirt was completely opened, she took the bottle and squeezed out a bit on my right nipple. The coldness sent shivers across my body, and not just because of the temperature. Then, she slowly brought her mouth down to my nipple and the coldness was immediately replaced with a soft wet warmth. Her tongue flicked around my nipple and it felt so wonderful.

She broke away and blew on my nipple while she looked into my eyes. Then she put some chocolate on other nipple and repeated the process again. This time, as she was licking up the chocolate and sending me into ecstasy, her hand wandered down to my crotch and she rubbed me through my pants. It felt absolutely amazing.

This time, when Sara lifted her head from my nipple, she started to unzip my pants. I could barely contain the anticipation as she reviled my underwear closed cock. "Looks like someone has been leaking a bit. I guess we got to get you out of this wet clothing." And she grabbed either side of my underwear band and started to pull them down. When they were removed she looked down at her handy work.

I was there, shirt wide open, pants removed, horny as hell, just waiting for her next move. She smiled seeing that she had me totally under her control. Then, she picked up the chocolate sauce bottle again and said, "It's been a while since I've had a chocolate lollipop." She squeezed the bottle and slowly a line of chocolate went from the base of my cock to the tip. It felt so good that I wished she had gone back to the base again, but she didn't. Instead she took her tongue and licked it slowly, starting at the base, and running it around the shaft. I couldn't wait for her to reach the head.

When she did she licked around it for a while, making sure to get all the chocolate off. Then she blew on it, sending me to the brink. She grabbed the more sauce and put it on the head and then took me into her mouth. Her tongue flicked around, licking up as much of the chocolate as she could, making sure to get it behind my cock head, and this sent me over the edge. I started cumming really hard and I didn't think I would ever stop. She just kept licking my head, taking all my cum into her mouth.

When I finally stopped, she smiled at me and I couldn't resist, I leaned down and I gave her a great big kiss. As I slipped my tongue into her mouth, I stopped. She seemed to have one more surprise for me. She sensed my hesitancy and started kissing me back, mingling the flavors of her mouth, the chocolate sauce, and my sperm. She held my head to her, making sure that I wouldn't let go, and we continued kissing until finally we each swallowed a share of my load.

When she finally let me go, she smiled and said, "I hope you know how much it meant to me that you were there for me tonight."

I sighed and said, "I'm beginning to get the idea."

That was only the start of our adventures, but that's another story for another time.