 I come from behind and push against both your shoulders, pressing you against the cool stone wall. I can't tell if you can feel the cold through your clothes and against your nipples, but your clothes won't be an issue for long.

I kiss you on the mouth, slowly increasing the pressure and intensity of the kiss, while my hands trace down your arms and grab your wrists. I slowly bring them up and press them against the wall, pinning you there. I also press my hips against your back for a third point of contact. Can you feel my erection pressing against your ass, pinning you?

I kiss along your jawline up to your ear. I suck on your earlobe, drawing into my mouth, nipping on it slightly, tugging on it like a puppy. My teeth lightly graze along the edge. I move my hands from your wrists, and press against your harder with my hips, pressing my erection firmly against you. I let my fingers trace along your arms and down your sides, to your hips and up again. I move up and down the outer edge of your ear, nibbling, kissing, tracing it with my tongue. My hands wander up and down your sides exclusively now, occasionally brushing against the side of your breasts. My lips kiss against that spot behind your ear, sucking on it, literally sucking it into my mouth. I'm going to leave a mark on you, that's for sure.

My lips move down your neck, kissing, lightly biting, licking, sucking. My hands slip under your shirt, wrapping around your waist like a hug, and my fingers trace around and wiggle around in your belly button for a bit. When my lips get to the crook of your neck and shoulder, I bite down, gently at first, then harder, until you tell me to stop. When I'm done, I move back up your neck in the same manner.

When I reach your ear again, I gently blow along the trail of saliva, leaving an icy trail from your ear to your shoulder and all along your neck. Then I kiss you again, my tongue slowly invading your mouth, penetrating your lips to slide along your tongue.

My hands start to roll up your shirt, and it interrupts our kiss for only a moment. You put your arms up for me so I can slip it off... and then I tie it around your wrists as a makeshift restraint. Surprise. I give a deep chuckle into your ear.

I move to the nape of your neck and start working it like I did your neck--sucking, kissing, licking. I undo your bra strap and slide it up to join your shirt. I know, now, that you can feel the cool skin of the stone against your nipples. As I work my way to the small of your back, I slide down your body, pushing against your shoulder blades with my hands. How well can well can you feel the rough surface against your entire breasts? When I get to the small of your back, I slowly stand, blowing against the wet line along your spine, like icy fingers going all along your back. The more you squirm, the more the rough surface of the wall will brush along your nipples.

My hands and I slide down your body, and I quickly unbutton your pants, and slowly unzip them, letting you feel the vibrations down your core. I slide the pants off of you, then kiss my way down your legs as the pants come off you, and kiss my way up your body. I grab you and roll you over on the wall, your back pressed against a new piece of wall, one untouched by your body heat. How does it feel against your naked back and panty-clad rear? Cold, I would imagine.

I lean in to you. One hand goes to the back of your head, the other to your side, brushing lightly against your breast. I kiss you firmly, my tongue soon sliding into your mouth, gliding along yours. You bring your arms around my neck, even though you're still tied at the wrist. My hand glides down your body, over your waist, to your hip, and I follow your panty line to your core, and I cup you. I don't rub you, or caress you, I just hold you, feeling your warmth and your wetness. My tongue wraps around yours, drawing it into my mouth so I can suck on it.

After a minute, i bring my hand to your breast and graze it with the tips of my fingers, still damp from you. I kiss you harder, and my thumb just traces the outer edges of your nipple while my other fingers trace along the underside of your breast...

When you've had enough kissing, I move down your jaw to you OTHER ear, and work my way down just like before, only I move from your neck to your throat, kissing and sucking lightly at the hollow of it. My hands move to your back as I kiss my way down your chest, avoiding both breasts as I do so, working my way under one breast, over your rib cage, and to the side of your breast at long last. I kiss on it, suck on it... and then I leave a long, slow, lingering love bite. Something to remember me by. I kiss my way inward, towards the nipple, and trace my tongue around your areola, moving in towards the center like a record needle. Then, finally, I flick the nipple with my tongue. Then again. And then, I move in, sucking it into my mouth, lightly clamping onto it with my teeth to keep it in place, and flicking it back and fourth with my tongue. I am sucking so hard, I'm trying to leave a hickey on you. My suction is so firm that as I move my head away from your breast, the nipple comes with me a little ways. I finally let go, and breathe on it gently. All of the saliva makes it feel like I just put an ice cube on you.

Read the last paragraph again for what I do to your OTHER nipple.:)

I finally, at long last, move down your body, my lips stopping at your belly button, and I kiss around it, flick my tongue in it some, as though I'm giving it oral. After a minute of that, I slide down further, grabbing your panties at long last, and slowly sliding them down your body. I kiss my way back up from your ankles, kissing and sucking on the inside of your leg as I move up. Can you feel my lips on your calf? My teeth grazing along the inside of your thigh? The tongue as I lick along the flesh connecting the thigh to your crotch? Can you feel...

As I go to the ankle of the other leg and start that same exact process all over again? I move my way back up your leg even slower than before. Instead of working on every other inch of your flesh, my mouth tends to ever centimeter of your flesh. And at each sign of frustration, every whimper of wanting more, I just go slower.

Finally, I start to kiss around where the hair should be. I avoid your lower lips at all times, even though your bound hands are trying to force me to it. I kiss all around, sucking your flesh into my mouth... yes, I am trying to drive you insane.

Then, after a while, my mouth sucks at the lower portion of your lips, at the opposite end from your clitoris. I suck on it a little, moving up one side... and then I move back down the other. The tip of my tongue just penetrates the lips at their most southern end--you try to thrust into my face, but my hands lock you in place. I slowly, gently slither into you, moving my way up your lips as I move my tongue deeper into you.

Without warning, I lock my lips around your clit, and my tongue starts to French kiss your pussy lips. My hands grab your ass and pull you into my face as I such you in, drinking your juices. My fingers knead your butt as you feel my tongue wiggle inside you, touching every spot it can. Can you feel the orgasm growing inside you? Building through your stomach? It moves inside you, moving faster and faster, flicking in and out of you until...

You gasp and shudder and I hold you up through your orgasm. I lick you constantly as your orgasm fades. When you finish, I stand, take you in my arms and kiss you gently and lovingly. We stay that way for a while, letting you enjoy the afterglow.

As it passes, I slowly slide my own pants down, revealing my erection. I take you in my arms, lift you up, and presses my hips against you to keep you up there. My hard on presses against your core, but doesn't penetrate. You want it now? Tell me how much you'd like it. I move myself up and down, sawing along the outside of you. Tell me mow much you want it, and be convincing.

That's more like it. I look deep into your eyes as I dip down, and then slowly push up into you. Feel the crown of my head push into you. I move inside you millimeter by millimeter, until our hips meet. I let your weight drop a little, so that all of your weight presses onto your clitoris as I slide out of you, Each inch of my member drags against your pearl, and each inch has the full force of your entire weight as I pull out... and drive back in, hard. My mouth encompasses yours as I pull out, and drive in at full speed, driving you against the wall with each thrust. Your legs come up and wrap around me as I frantically push inside you, loving you as passionately as my body allows me. Your arms come down around my neck, still bound together, and my hands wrap around your thighs to aid my member in keeping you against the wall.

My mouth drops down to your breasts, and latches onto you, sucking a nipple into my mouth, alternating from nipple to nipple, giving a quick suck, and gentle bite, and moving back to the other. Now that you had an orgasm, certainly there must be another shortly on the way...

I turn around, lower you to the ground, and pull out of you, rolling you over to your hands and knees. I grab your hips and pull them up, so that I'm in the perfect position for all sorts of options. I bend over you, my erection nestled in between the cheeks of your rear. I reach down and grab both of your breasts, my fingers pinching your nipples, and I ask you what you want me to do next.

Go ahead, tell me. How hard?

ANAL

I kiss my way down your spine, kissing every single inch. My hands caress every square milimeter of your body -- your chest, your ribs, your stomach, your belly button, and your thighs. I grab your ass cheeks and spread them wide, and I keep kissing from your tailbone down to the start of your cheeks. At the crack, my tongue comes out, and starts licking my way down between your cheeks. Until, at last, I come to your rosebud. The tip of my tongue teases you, flicking out and tickling the outer edge of your crinkled hole. Can you feel it? Can you feel my hands hold you still, even as you try to squirm at the sensations?

Finally, my tongue swipes along the length of your anus, and then pushes against the sphincter. My tongue presses against your backdoor until it finally pushes in. I slowly tongue-fuck you, pressing it all the way in and out, making you ready for me.

When you tell me you're ready, I move back up your body, and I wrap my arms around you. One hand goes to your breasts, and the other hand goes to rub your clit. The head of my penis pushes at your backdoor.

I push forward as hard as you tell me to. And then, I take you. My hands on your breasts, playing with your nipples, my mouth working along your neck as my hips slam repeatedly against your behind. Do your bound hands try to claw at the floor as I take you? Thrusting into you, and rubbing your pearl?

This goes on for a while, minutes tick by, a thrust a second, pushing into you. Ten minutes of this will go by before the next stage-- six hundred thrusts into your body, six hundred stabs of joy--before I grab your hair and pull back on it, using it as a handle so I can move faster and harder. My caress against your pearl become more insistent. My thrusts are so hard that your knees slide along the floor, and my finger rubs in slow, little circles, which quickly become fast, big circles. I whisper with hot breath into your ear, "Come for me. Come to me, love. Come on, you can do it. Come on, just do it."

Your body seizes, contracts, and explodes. You feel me moving inside you as it happens, prolonging the joy, keeping it alive. When it is done with you, and your body sags, I am not done yet.

DOGGIE STYLE OPTION

I kiss my way down your spine, kissing every single inch. My hands caress every square millimeter of your body -- your chest, your ribs, your stomach, your belly button, and your thighs. I grab your ass, and I kiss down your butt as I move for your lower lips. One hand reaches up to finger you, and the other rubs your clitoris. I want you ready, and I want you to beg me before I start again.

When you finally can't take it anymore, I want you to tell me you want it. I want you to tell me to take you. I move back up your body, and I wrap my arms around you, the head of my penis pushing at your core. One hand is on your rear, and the other at your shoulder.

I rear back, and then push forward as hard as you tell me to. And then, I take you. One hand quickly goes to your breasts, playing with your nipples, my mouth working along your neck as my hips slam repeatedly against your behind. Do your bound hands try to claw at the floor as I take you? Do I hit your spot with every thrust? As this happens, you feel a another sensation -- my thumb pressing against your backdoor, working its way into your asshole.

This goes on for a while, minutes tick by, a thrust a second, pushing into you. Ten minutes of this will go by before the next stage-- six hundred thrusts into your body, six hundred stabs of joy--before I grab your hair and pull back on it, using it as a handle so I can move faster and harder. My hand slides off of your breast as it moves down your belly, and I rub at your pearl. My thrusts are so hard that your knees slide along the floor, and my finger rubs in slow, little circles, which quickly become fast, big circles. I whisper with hot breath into your ear, "Come for me. Come to me, love. Come on, you can do it. Come on, just do it."

Your body seizes, contracts, and explodes. You feel me moving inside you as it happens, prolonging the joy, keeping it alive. When it is done with you, and your body sags, I am not done yet.

THE ENDING.

I roll you onto your back, kiss you, and take you one more time. I kiss you deeply as I thrust, and my fingers grab on to one nipple. It rolls your nipple clockwise with I thrust in, counter clockwise as I pull out. It rolls back and forth as I move in and out. In, I roll it to the right, out, to the left. In-right, out-left. In-right, out-left. In, out, in, out. I thrust into you at a downward angle, so that my bodyweight presses down along your pearl. This time, there is no holding back as I take you, my tongue thrashing against yours as my body thrashes against yours. This is it, the last one, we will go together. Can you feel it building one last time? Can you feel my urgency in my kiss, and my thrusts?

Take my love, take it all. My movements are no longer in my control, I can barely kiss you now. I grab you by the shoulders and push in harder... harder... harder... oh God.

We come together, our bodies one and joyous.