 Chapter 1

It all began the night Chris Hutchens went to an old hangout called Tini Bigs Lounge. The long windows of Tini Bigs faced 1st Avenue, but the bar was entered through the lobby of a fancy retail arcade on Denny Way, where headless mannequins posed elegantly in the windows. There was also Gold's health club at which he worked out on occasion in the basement. Chris recalled with amusement that the fitness freaks stayed there, working out long after his group -- comprised of racquetball and tennis buffs --- had finished their self-imposed hour of lifting weights. Then, with without exception, they showered and beat a hasty retreat to Tini Bigs for tequila and cigarettes and to see if their strict physical regimen would yield any benefits more immediate than just good health.

The crowd was all suits. Some prowled the tumbling scene around the bar, a long, arc of granite and wood. Others settled in for the evening at the narrow tables in the slate loft, suspended overhead amid the rising noise and smoke.

A chorus rose up as he entered. "Hey Baby! What's happening?" One crowed. "Whusssup?" shouted another.

"Where you been for Chrissake?" This came from a well dressed man sitting at the mahogany bar. This was Jason Salter, a banking executive Chris had known for several years. Salter was married to an exhibitionist named Cara and Chris had joined them a time or two in their spacious bedroom.

"Still banging all the good-looking nurses?" Salter called out in a gregarious tone, not caring who heard him.

"Christ, I thought you got over that when ya left the hospital?" 

Salter put an arm around Chris after shaking his hand.

"Anytime I get over a good-looking nurse, I try to bang her, you ought to know me by now," Chris said with a wicked grin.

"Come on, sit down, have a pop," Salter said invitingly. 

There were two women beside the stool he'd briefly vacated in rising to greet Chris, one in her late thirties, the other slightly older, both with big hair and bright manicures. Both were smoking cigarettes and pleasantly drunk. Divorcees, Chris guessed. Neither wore a wedding ring and both seemed somber despite their good cheer. One of them, Sylvia, he recalled, somewhat thinner and darker than her companion, began focusing on him a few minutes after their brief introduction.

Like a flower turning toward the sun, Chris leveled his best smile at her.

Sylvia began asking him questions and tossed her hair back from her face so she could give him her full attention. He made a couple of off color jokes and Sylvia and her friend rattled in delight. 

After one particular rattle, he noticed Sylvia had laid her hand on his arm. He turned back to Jason and asked, "So what's going on here?"

"Same old," Jason answered. "Your friend, the one you used to call S.B.D . . ." Jason paused for effect, "well, she's been coming in."

"Oh, yeah?" Chris said raising an eyebrow in remembrance. "Tell her I said howdy." 

He tilted his glass back and watched the bubbles rise. "S.B.D.," he said softly and smiled, "I'll be damned."

"Short black dress," Salter told Sylvia when she asked.

"Hey, remember Kauffman?" Jason said as an afterthought.

"Yeah, how's he doing? Didn't he get married again a while back? What was it, a year or so?"

"Right, it's his third time," Salter said, looking into the mirror behind the bar, "An Iranian girl."

"I remember her," Chris said, "Black hair, long black hair. She's the one --- glows in the dark."

Salter laughed hard. "That's her! Damn you've got her pegged."

Sylvia, with a puzzled expression on her face asked, "Glows in the dark?"

Salter, still laughing, supplied the answer. "Glows in the dark, she's got implants."

"Oh, my God!" Sylvia crowed, "Implants!" She faked a slap at Salter's shoulder, saying, "That's awful. That's awfully clever. I've got to remember that one for a couple friends."

By the time she'd finished speaking; Sylvia was fully entwined with Chris. Her arm was wrapped around his possessively, and she'd drawn him close as she sat on the polished barstool. Her knees, on which her nylons shone, were parted, and Chris's hip occupied the resulting space. 

As Jason began telling an off-color joke, Chris began to get an erection; and as Jason prattled on saying, "There are these two homosexuals named Cecil and Scott who were living together."

Sylvia's knees widened the space and Chris pressed his erection against her thigh and watched her lick her lips.

"It was stinking hot one day and Cecil arrived home to find Scott with his ass in the freezer," Jason continued.

Sylvia didn't look at Chris but clamped her thighs, pinning him in place.

"Scott! What are you doing with your ass in the freezer?" Salter roared; he was a highly animated storyteller and proud of it.

Chris's hardon reached full size and he started to slowly hump Sylvia's leg. She squeezed him tighter.

Salter delivered the expected punch line. "And Scott replied, "It was so hot outside I thought you'd like something cool to slip into!"

A huge burst of laughter rippled through the four of them at the bar; then Chris turned to Sylvia and quietly asked if she'd like to join him for dinner.

"I'd love too," she mouthed, avoiding being heard in the din of the bar. They made their excuses and left minutes later.

Salter watched them go; then turned to the remaining woman next to him. "That Chris, he sure is something with the ladies. What was your name again sweetie?"

