 Chrissie 'Cums' to prefer the 'Bully Boy' to Fiancée

Again my thanks to Jill for her input and suggestions. If you are easily offended by stories regarding sexual intercourse don't continue reading go buy the dandy!

*****

Hi my name is Chrissie, I'm a nineteen year old student and I just had to tell someone about my own story. I had a boyfriend who I was engaged too, but after the events I am about to disclose that soon ended.

We, that is my Boyfriend Francis, and I were into our second year at college, and things were fine. We were sexually active for almost the whole of our first year and I was enjoying experimenting with him. However he did have a tendency to arrive early, if you take my meaning. Often leaving me in a state of arousal, and him lying snoring his head off, usually meaning I had to finish the job myself. I'm sure many of you woman will know the feeling!

Anyway to return to the reason for my story, during first year Francis had some trouble with a lad called Jason or 'Bull' as his mates called him. Francis on many occasions would arrive with a split lip, swollen face or bruises all over his body. When I eventually discovered the truth that Jason was bullying him we were already on summer holidays. I had decided that if this bully resumed his treatment of my fiancée I was going to deal with it, Francis was a bit of a mummy's boy when it came to speaking out, or standing up for himself, and it was I who would complain or deal with any issues we occurred during our relationship.

Now when I look back even I realise he was a bit soppy even for me. I never knew what would happen, and certainly not to my own feelings toward bullies like Jason. I still cannot explain my own actions, especially after how things started...

We had been back at college for nearly three weeks, on the Thursday of that third week, when I arrived at our shared flat where I discovered Francis using a bag of peas to reduce the swelling on his cheek and left eye. It was already blackening, despite the cooling effect the iced vegetables were having on the swelling. 

"Has that oaf been bullying you again?" I demanded, already feeling my anger building.

"It's nothing Chris! Honest!"

"It certainly doesn't look like nothing darling." she emphasised.

"that's it I warned you if this continued I was going to sort it out and I will, I'll be back shortly!" and before Francis could object or stop her, without another word she grabbed her jacket, and purse and took off to confront Jason. Francis sat there thinking how much he hated Jason or 'Bull' as he preferred to be called. He was built like one as well solid, athletic and tall and Francis knew he was fed up being his personal punch bag.

Chrissie was flaming mad, and she stomped straight over to Jason's house and rattled the door as if she intended knocking it down. She kept banging on it even when she could hear someone shouting;

"Okay, Okay I'm coming!"

Chrissie ignored the shouts and kept banging her fist on the door until it opened, there standing before her was the cause of her fiancée's bullying. Jason looked down at her, he was at least a foot taller and she swallowed hard before blurting out;

"I'm here to tell you to stop bullying my boyfriend or I'll report you to the police!" she stamped her foot as if to emphasise her statement. "And another thing someone your size should pick on someone your own size not some poor defenceless young man like Francis! You're just a big bully!"

Jason looked at this vision of beauty that was raging at him but hardly noticed a word. He was imagining what it would be like to fuck the arse of her, every time he wanted.

"Well hold on sister!" he eventually said. 

"You've got the last part right but no letter Y in it!"

Chrissie looked at him as she tried to comprehend what he was saying, "what are you talking about no letter Y?" she mimicked.

Well I get called bull, by my friends! You can be my friend anytime sexy!" he smirked.

"There's about as much chance of that as pigs flying!" smarted Chrissie.

"Oh go on don't be such a stiff lipped bitch! Come on give me a kiss and I'll stop bullying your boyfriend!" he said.

"Not a fucking chance!" Chrissie yelled.

Chrissie however was thinking about his offer, she looked at him wondering if he was being serious or not. The two of them stood looking at each other for several minutes. Eventually Chrissie said; "You honestly mean that if I kiss you, you will stop bullying Francis just for a kiss?"

"Yep! That's about the sum total of it! You kiss me and I stop bullying your boyfriend! Do we have a deal?"

Chrissie only thought for a few more moments and then agreed; "Okay, but just so you know It's just a kiss right?"

"Yep just a kiss!" said Jason; he smirked as she looked down at her feet wondering if she was doing the right thing.

"Step inside so no one sees us!" Jason said.

Chrissie stepped inside and Jason shut the door, despite his promises she was nervous and she stood there until Jason pulled her to him and started to kiss her passionately. His lips were soft against hers; his tongue explored her mouth deep, probing and filled with passion. They broke briefly, to breathe and then she found herself wanting more, she felt him pulling her towards him again and this time she was almost willing him to kiss her as passionately as before. Her own tongue, lashed his as they began to get into the kiss.

She found her hands groping his groin, and she let out a soft moan as she discovered a large bulge, far larger than she was used to with Francis. "MMMmmm!" she moaned. Jason at the same time began playing roughly with her tits, through her blouse and jacket.

Briefly his mauling of her tits stopped only long enough to allow him to open her jacket and pull her blouse open. He scooped her tits out of her bra and began pulling hard on her already stiff nipples. Again she moaned through a mouthful of tongue, "Oooooh Mmmmmph!"

Chrissie's mind was in a spin she had never been kissed so passionately or indeed had her tits played with so roughly but boy was she enjoying it? Indeed she was as she felt her pussy begin to grow wetter as his nipple twisting, pulling and deep kissing had the desired effect.

She continued her squeezing and rubbing of the large bulge in his pants, until he pushed her down onto her knees and ordered her to take his cock out of his pants. This wasn't part of the deal she said to herself but at least it meant he was less likely to bully Francis if she did as he asked.

She knelt before him his pant's tented, using both hands she opened the belt buckle, pulled the zipper down and nearly found herself with an eyeful of cock as it jumped out and slapped against her face. "Ohh My God!" she gasped.

"Suck it bitch, good and proper! Save your wimpy assed boyfriend from another beating!"

Chrissie looked at the huge cock in front of her. Her hand couldn't close around its girth, more than another hand depth stuck out of the top, when her hand was at the base next to his heavy hairy balls. "Come on bitch I haven't got all night, I have other woman waiting for some of Bull's cock!"

Chrissie gulped and placed her mouth over the large purple head and sucked hard, a mouthful of pre-cum filled her mouth and she swallowed the sweet tasting fluid. She pushed down and several more inches disappeared into her mouth, her lips stretched obscenely around the thick shaft. Jason began humping his hips into her mouth making his cock hit the back of her throat. Chrissie gagged several times but for some strange reason, far from disliking the treatment she was becoming more and more aroused. 

She used her hand to hold the base of his cock and began stroking it best she could, as Jason continued to fuck her mouth. "Oh yeah not so cocky and uppity now are we you snotty bitch, coming here and demanding I lay off your sissy boyfriend!... wonder what he'd say if he could see you right now eh? On your knees blowing me off?" Jason laughed loudly as he felt himself nearing the point of ejaculation.

Hope you like the taste of cum bitch cos here it fucking comes!" he grunted, held her head by her hair and pumped five big shots of cum into her throat. Chrissie felt her eyes bulge and her throat contract as his seed filled, swallowed, filled and swallowed at each spurt.

They broke apart, and Jason ordered her to clean him up "can't go somewhere else with cum all over my cock can I?" he asked. Once Chrissie had done as he asked and they had redressed Jason held her arm and pushed her out the door.

"You promised not to hurt Francis again!" Chrissie said as she stepped outside.

"I'll think about it...Now fuck off and don't bother me!" he said.

Chrissie returned home and told Francis she had spoken to Jason and that she was sure it would stop. They went to bed and made love, throughout their lovemaking despite how terrible she felt about betraying Francis with what had occurred, all she thought of was Jason and what would it be like if he fucked her. The forceful way he had taken her and made her blow him, had aroused feelings in her that she had never felt before. They were taking over and she had a huge orgasm as Francis lay on top of her and pumped away at her with his average sized cock of six inches.

Chrissie having had a taste of Jason's big thick meaty cock wanted more and it was all she could do to stop herself from crying out his name when she did orgasm. Her feelings of betrayal had all but vanished and she was already planning how to get Jason's fat, hard cock, in her pussy.

The next day, she returned to the flat at midday to discover Francis with an even more beat up face, crying in their bedroom. "Did he do this again?" she asked, already aware of the inevitable answer.

"Right that's fucking it!" she yelled and stormed off before Francis could say anything. 

Chrissie found Jason wandering back to his home and caught up with him, "I thought we had an agreement you and I?" she yelled at him. 

"No little lady we didn't I said I would think about it and I have I going to keep beating him up unless..."

"Unless what?" Chrissie asked

"Unless you agree to let me fuck you that is?"

Despite her wanting to experience his fat cock she was still taken aback by his forwardness. 

"What?" she gasped. "You actually think I would sleep with you just to get you to stop beating up my fiancée?"

"Yep why not?" he smirked "After all your wanting it I can tell from the look in your eyes, all the woman I fuck have that same look in their eyes, when I ask them straight out. None of them refuse, not after sucking on my big boner prior to being asked! And I'll bet you're just the same!"

Chrissie knew she was in a no win situation, she wanted it and he was going to have her right reason or none. She thought about it for a moment and then bowed her head and said; "Okay but not here, tonight at my parents place. Their away for the weekend and so I have free reign of the house. It's just outside Du...!"

"I know where you stay Chrissie, have done for months I'll see you there eight thirty okay?"

"Yes, gives me time to drop Francis off at his parents then you come over okay?"

Jason nodded and walked away, whistling to himself, man it was going to be just grand pumping the tight ass of this bitch later just grand, and he smiled to himself.

Eight thirty saw Jason standing on the steps of a rather smart townhouse, in the suburbs. He knocked on the door and noticed the neighbouring homes were all hidden from view by large evergreen hedges, so no one would know he was here. 

Chrissie let him in and almost immediately threw herself at him and kissed him deeply her tongue exploring the depths of his mouth. Jason was pressed against the wall until he lifted her up and broke the kiss briefly;

"Bedroom?" he asked.

Chrissie used her right hand to point up the stairs then once up them she pointed to a room just off the landing. Jason uses his foot to kick the door open, and as they enter still entwined he kicks it closed, it rattles against the latch, but doesn't close properly. Neither of them care Jason throws her onto the bed and starts to peel off his shirt. Chrissie is lying there undoing her blouse buttons, watching Jason begin to strip.

**********

Francis was walking towards Chrissies home about four hundred yards away, he had a huge bunch of flowers in his right hand and was whistling happily as he walked towards her house. He was hoping her mood had changed from the run home where she barely said two words.

He was already thinking of her big tits and wet pussy, of how he was hoping she would allow him to suck and lick on them both, before they made love together, him on top giving it to her as usual hard and fast until he came. He rubbed his growing erection and adjusted it in his pants to allow himself to walk more comfortably.

He walked in the driveway and walked up to the front door; he tried the handle and found it locked. He lifted the plant pot at the side of the door and took the key that he knew was there and opened the door before he replaced the key and then let himself in. As he entered he noticed noises coming from upstairs, he laid the flowers down and began ascending the staircase.

The noises he could hear grew louder, and he soon recognised the voice of Chrissie.

"Jesus! It's fucking huge, bigger than it was last night" she moaned.

The noises were coming from Chrissies room, the door was slightly ajar and he peered around the corner, what he saw made his throat close almost to the point of not being able to breathe. His stomach heaved and he was nearly sick, it felt like he had been kicked in the balls. Their on her knees was Chrissie her top pulled off and her tits hanging free with her bra pulled down to below them. Her nipples were sticking out firmly and she had a hold of his enemy, Jason the bully's cock in both hands. Jason was naked and his big cock stuck out beyond the two fisted grip his Chrissie had on it. 

Francis stepped back for fear of being seen, what he didn't realise was the mirror on the wall, facing into the room, would give him away, anyway.

Just at that moment Jason grabbed her hair in his right hand and pulled her towards his cock which he had taken hold of in his left hand; "Open wide, Chrissie you little slut swallow my cock again!"

"You fuckin love it don't you!... You're a slutty little cocksucker Chrissie what are you?"

"I'm your slutty little cocksucker Jason all yours!" moaned Chrissie.

Jason slapped her over the face a few times with his saliva covered cock making Chrissie open her mouth even further trying to capture it as he slapped her. "Right slut you know what to do with it so do it!"

Chrissie took the thick cock and swallowed as much as she could until she gagged. Francis was still in shock as he listened from outside the bedroom, his knees felt weak, and he felt sick so he returned downstairs to the kitchen where he slid to the floor with the wall at his back, he held his head in his hands and started to cry. In moments his sobbing was wracking his body as he knew he had lost his fiancée to the 'Bull' as he was known. His crying became worse at his knowing what he had discovered, the true realisation that, not only was she not stopping Jason she was enjoying his rough treatment of her. 

***********

Jason was by now using both hands to force her head completely down onto his cock. Her nose was bashing against his pubic area and her chin was mashing against his balls on every inward thrust. Saliva was flying everywhere as he ferociously fucked her face and throat mercilessly. Jason was thrusting his hips in and out, his cock sliding smoothly in and out of her mouth and throat, gone was the gagging, now Chrissie was helping him fuck her face by pulling on his buttocks as she enjoyed the almost brutal pleasure he was receiving from her mouth and throat.

He looked down to see that every time he withdrew his cock was covered in more saliva. He stopped thrusting and Chrissie took over bobbing her head up and down like a woodpecker on his cock, deep throating him every time. Faster and faster she went until finally she heard Jason let out a huge moan; "Aaaaaaaaargh!"

Chrissie felt the same feeling as the night before, his cock swelled in her mouth and the back of her throat as she felt spurt after huge spurt flow down her throat into her gullet. When Jason had stopped cumming, he pulled his cock from her mouth and Chrissie grabbed it kissing all over it, up and down the shaft underneat his cock and all over his balls. She ran her tongue around his glans, licking every last drop up and coating his semi hard cock in her saliva. "Mmmmmm that was delicious!" she moaned

"There's more to come Chrissie, you randy little slut!" he groaned.

Chrissie licked her lips and said "I sure hope so lover!" 

"What to do with you next is my biggest problem!" said Jason as he looked at her tits coated in a mixture of saliva, cum and pre-cum. he picked her up and threw her onto the bed again, he then knelt between her legs, leaned down and kissed her hard, before starting to lick and kiss her messed up tits. "Ohhhhh yeah Mmmm tasty!" he moaned.

Then he surprised her, he pushed her tits together, straddled her chest and placed his semi hard cock between them. He used his thumb and fingers to pinch her nipples hard as he began thrusting his cock between her tits. 

"Just too good a pair of tits not to have a titty fuck!" he laughed as Chrissie opened her mouth and managed to suck on the tip of his cock on each forward thrust. Chrissie was moaning with pleasure from this new experience, it was like nothing she had felt before. Her pussy was literally dripping at this point as Jason tit fucked her through two mini orgasms. Jason was by now using his thighs to grip her tits and was pulling hard on her nipples just as he tensed and began to pump another big load of cum all over her tits, neck and face. Chrissie had gasped and then laughed as his cum plastered her. 

Once again Jason lent down and sucked on her nipples, tits and neck before kissing her and sharing the mixture of saliva and cum between them. She slid a hand down towards Jason's groin and let out a surprised gasp "You're hard already!" 

"Sure am and I know where it's going!" he grunted. "Get on all fours!"

Chrissie knelt on the bed her knickers, sopping wet and a large damp patch spreading all over the crotch of her jeans. Jason stared at the tight ass that was now facing him and he smacked her ass hard. Chrissie let out a yell "Ooooowwww!" she looked around and he slapped her ass again. "Ohhh god that's so sexy, go on spank my ass you fucker!" Jason gave her ass several more hard slaps before reaching around and opening her jeans and pulling them down her thighs. Her ass had great big hand prints all over it, and he could see her clean shaven pussy dripping in juices.

Chrissie eased one leg at a time up, and Jason pulled both jeans and knickers of throwing them aside. He knelt behind her and looked at her pussy. Her labia, thick and puffy, her juices running down her inner thighs, he leant in and inhaled the musky scent of arousal. Jason held her ass open and licked all over her pussy and asshole making Chrissie pant and moan longingly.

Jason grinned as he teasingly pulled her legs apart and said; "I have a big surprise for you my little slut!"

Jason ran his tongue right along the puffy slit of her pussy. Chrissie moaned seductively she had never experienced this before and it felt good, real good, it was exciting and at the same time it frightened her a bit. Jason's tongue was by now moving faster and faster along her slit causing previously unknown feelings to excite and arouse her to a point she thought she would surely burst. "Oh God! Oh God! Don't stop... please DONT stop!" she screamed as another wave of pleasure hit her. 
