 It had been a day since I came in Chrissy's mouth. After cumming, we both sat and casually watched TV together, chatting lightly before she had to leave. Today was a new day however, and she stopped by early, just an hour before lunch. 

"Yoo, dude, wanna get lunch together?" She asked as I opened the door. She seemed happier, her smile wider than ever. 

"Are you asking me out on a date?" I teased, as she walked inside past me. She spun on the spot, her cheeks seemed a little red. 

"N-no, I just felt like lunch and wanted to see if you would wanna tag along, duh." She said, her blush fading as she spoke. 

"Pfft, sure that's why." I said, rolling my eyes as I followed her back to the couch. 

"I mean if you don't want free Mexican, you don't have to come with me." She replied, smirking as she fell onto the couch. 

"I'm coming, I'm coming." I sighed, sitting next to her. 

"That's not the first time you said that!" She grinned, as she started to lean against me on the couch. 

"Well you're not wrong." I laughed, instinctively wrapping my arm around her. I watched her face as she suddenly seemed puzzled. She sat up, and turned to face me. 

"Didn't we cuddle yesterday after I blowed you?" She asked. 

"Uh, yeah, I think. Why?" I replied. 

"It's weird, since we came together we've just been doing it without thinking haven't we?" She said, frowning. 

"Is it a bad thing?" I asked, sitting up now. 

"Well, it's nice but, I mean we're just friends, right?" She asked, her cheeks turning red. 

"Y-yeah, I think so..." I said quietly, my eyes looking away from her towards the floor. 

"Well, maybe friends isn't the best way to word it, I don't think most friends suck each other off." She said, smirking. 

"Which reminds me, I didn't really do anything for you, did I?" I said before realizing it. I looked up to see her cheeks completely red. 

"W-w-well, I uh, n-no you didn't but..." She stammered, her hand pressing against her groin. I started to move closer to her but she held a hand out, against my chest to stop me. I moved back quickly and muttered an apology before sitting quietly for a minute as she stopped being flustered. 

"Don't get me wrong, you're a pretty hot dude, and in other circumstances I would love for you to uh, go inside and stuff... But like, going inside someone is a lot more personal than sucking on a stick, it requires a different kind of, mind frame, I guess. For me anyway." She said, adverting her eyes from me. "I'm sorry." She squeaked quietly. 

"It's alright, I get it. Don't worry about it! If you ever want me to do stuff, let me know, otherwise we'll just do other stuff." I said encouragingly, my hand patting her knee. 

"Thank you." She whispered, giving me a kiss on the cheek before sitting back down. She leaned against me again, without speaking a word, and we watched some TV for a while.

I noticed after a while she began to move her hand on my thigh. I didn't say anything, but I became very aware of my hard on after she did that. I felt her hand slide infuriatingly slowly up my thigh. I couldn't tell if she was doing it on purpose to tease me, or was just doing it absentmindedly, but the further up she went the harder my dick got.

Soon, her hand was resting on my groin, just millimeters away from the bulge of my boner in my pants. Suddenly she pushed down on my groin as she got up. 

She stretched as she did so I got a glimpse of her toned midriff, a lot more toned than some of the previous times I had seen it.

"You look like you've been working out." I commented, before getting up myself. 

"Yep, figured I needed to catch up to you. Which reminds me, next time we diddle together you should go shirtless." She said as she started walking towards the front door. 

"Only if you do too!" I called out, before following her. 

"Deal!" She said from outside. I followed her to her car. 

"So where are we going?" I asked, as I opened the side door. 

"Lunch, remember?" She said, as she sat down. 

We drove down to a small Mexican store we went to sometimes. We ordered a burrito each and nachos to share. As I ate, I spilt sauce on my shirt, which caused her to laugh. 

"You'd better take that off, you don't want that to stain do you?" She asked, looking at me seductively while holding her burrito close to her mouth, licking around the edge as she stared into my eyes. I started to choke on my burrito, my cock getting hard instantly. She laughed, before apologizing. "Sorry I just wanted to make that joke, no hard feelings right?" she said, emphasizing the word hard. 

"Nope, none." I replied grinning. 

"Oh yeah?" She asked, as I felt her leg slide against mine, rubbing against my thighs and making my boner get even bigger. "How about now?" 

"u-uh, y-y-yeah." I said, blushing. 

"Well now I know what I'm doing later." She said with a wink. I gulped loudly, before continuing to eat.

I got out of the car and opened the door to my house, before watching her stroll in and casually take her top off. My dick became as hard as possible as she turned around, wearing a black frilly bra. 

"Come on, that dick isn't gonna suck itself!" she called out, flopping onto the couch. I walked over and sat down next to her, gripping my waistband tightly. She saw my hands trembling. 

"Aww, are you nervous?" She asked. I was, for some reason. I nodded, and she smiled. 

"I know how to cure that." She said, as she leaned over.

She kissed me, her lips pressing gently against mine. She was so delicate, so gentle, her soft lips felt like heaven. As she kissed, she leaned towards me, causing me to lean back, until she was lying on top of me, kissing me. I could feel her chest pressed against mine, her bra somewhat padded to make them seem bigger than they were. 

"Feel better?" She asked, her lips pulling away, but she remained on top of me. 

"Uh, I'm still nervous. You should definitely keep doing that." I grinned. 

"You idiot," she laughed. "I'll kiss you with all your cum in my mouth, deal?" She smirked, as she slowly slid down, her bottom grinding against me as she did. 

"I think I'd rather not taste my own cum." I said, watching intently as her face grew close to my crotch. 

"I think I'd rather swallow anyway." She muttered, slowly pulling my pants down. My boner sprang to attention immediately. "Well someone's happy to see me." she commented, her finger sliding against the shaft, sending shivers down my spine. 

She reached the head of my cock and flicked it gently, causing me to breathe in heavily. "Oh yeah, you need to take your shirt off!" she said, her eyes lighting up. 

"After you." I said, smirking. 

"What do you mean? I took my shirt off, I'm pretty sure you noticed." She said, confused. 

"I mean your bra, duh." I said, as I started unbuttoning the top of my shirt. 

"Hey, the deal was that if we both took off our shirts, not if we both went topless." She said, sticking her tongue out. 

"That's cheating!" I cried, my fingers stopping at the next button. 

"All's fair in sex and war." She said smirking, her fingers lightly wrapping around my cock. 

"You're gonna be a good boy and take your shirt off, right?" Chrissy asked sweetly, her hand tightening as she said right. My cock throbbed from the feel of her hand tightly around my shaft. 

"Y-y-yes..." I stuttered, taking the buttons off faster. I soon pulled off my shirt, and saw her bite her lip. 

"Like what you see?" I asked, smirking now. 

"Pfft, like you need to ask." She said absentmindedly, her hand now slowly stroking me. I groaned for a moment, as her hand started to slide, and saw her bite her lip harder. 

"You can take care of yourself too, you know." I mentioned, watching her eyes scan over my muscular chest and stomach. 

"You're too hot. You're just too hot dude." She sighed, as I watched her fingers slide under her pants. 

"You know, how come you get to see my dick but I don't get to see your pussy?" I asked, as her hand started to speed up to match the one in her pants. 

"Because only boyfriends see it. Sorry." She said, smirking while panting, her hand blurring over my cock, her fingers gripping it tighter. 

"S-so no man's la-land, y-yeah?" I said, struggling to speak between panting. I could feel myself already getting close, watching Chrissy jack me off while fingering herself was too hot. 

"I'm surprised you can still joke while my hand's flying over your dick like this." She said, her cheeks turning red as she fingered herself faster. 

"Yeah, I should probably use my mouth for something else, huh." I said simply, before sitting up and kissing her, my hands gently holding her cheeks as our wet lips pressed against each other. 

"Oh, fuck I'm gonna cum..." She breathed, between kisses. I suddenly placed a hand over her bra, and she started to pant harder. I slipped my fingers underneath, and started to play with her nipple, gently rubbing it between my fingers, making it grow harder. 

She suddenly jerked back, her back arched as she came, moaning loudly as her fingers seemed to go faster and faster inside her pants. I noticed a large wet stain around her crotch. 

"J-Jesus, I haven't cum that hard in, forever. Wow, holy shit. I need a drink or something." She gasped, after calming down. 

"You could drink me, you know." I said, as my hand played with my dick loosely to keep it hard. 

"Oh yeah, I kinda left you hanging there, didn't I?" She said, laughing a little as she leaned over and took me in her mouth. The feeling of her lips pressed around the head of my cock, her tongue licking and rubbing against me, as her head started to bob up and down was too much, and I came within seconds, shooting my load in her mouth with a loud groan. 

She continued to suck for a few seconds, getting every last drop, before her mouth slid off. I watched her clearly swallow, before lying back on the couch. 

"Your cum tastes pretty great. I could get used to it." She told me. 

"Your lips taste pretty great, I could get used to them too." I said smirking. 

"Nah, that's only for when we cum together. No kisses any other time, deal? I don't wanna end up accidentally dating you." She said, before suddenly blushing. "I mean, like, not that you're bad or anything, I mean like because we're friends, and uh, friends, dating, you know, our friendship, y-yeah?" She stammered. 

"I think I got like thirty percent of that. I get what you're trying to say though, and we won't date as long as you don't wanna." I replied, trying my hardest not to blush. I would love to date her, to be honest, but I know she doesn't want to, so I'm not gonna try to push it. Not now anyway. She sat awkwardly, looking away. I decided to change the subject. 

"So it looks like you got your pants wet." I commented. 

"Yep, I wasn't kidding when I said you're too hot." She replied, suddenly leaning on me, her head on my lap. "You're comfy."

"I'm glad." 

"I'm gonna use you like this forever now."

"Cool." We sat silently for a few seconds. 

"You know, my underwear didn't get wet, so I could just take my pants off and put them in your washing machine or something." She said, and started to pull her pants down. Luckily she pulled her head up as she did, otherwise my rising boner would have hit the back of her head. 

"W-what?" I stuttered, seeing her smooth long legs appear as her pants slid off her feet. She stood up and faced me, her crotch level with my head. 

"See? No wet stains. Wanna know my trick?" She asked. I nodded, fighting the temptation to bury my head into her crotch. 

"I pull the underwear down under my pants, otherwise they'd get wet all the time and I'd have to walk around with wet panties, which is not as fun as you'd think." She commented, before sitting back down, leaving her pants on the floor. 

"I thought you were gonna wash them?" I asked, confused. 

"Nah, they just need to dry. We can leave them there." She commented, as her head leaned against my dick. She sat back up, smirking. 

"Looks like someone's happy I'm not wearing them." She grinned, looking into my eyes. 

"Well, your legs are pretty great." I commented, my cheeks turning red. 

"And my butt?" She asked, her voice sounding innocent as she turned around, her butt close to my face. Her cheeks were perfectly round, the cheeks sticking out the sides. I could make out a faint wet line between her legs, and I felt my leg start to shake. 

"Y-y-your butt is g-good too." I said, gulping. 

"It's a shame I can't finger myself anymore since I took my pants off." She sighed. "I would totally go another round if my pants weren't soaked." She said, as her fingers slipped under my pants and wrapped around my hard dick again.

I felt her fingers slowly slide up and down, watching my pants move with her hand. She stroked me faster and faster, I became closer and closer, until I came inside my pants. Chrissy pulled her hand out, coated in cum, and grinned, before quickly licking off all the cum. 

"God I love your cum, it tastes really good for some reason. Do you eat a lot of pineapple or something?" She asked. I nodded, still panting from her jacking me off again. She leaned against me again, and we started to watch TV, the same as before. We were watching for a few minutes before Chrissy suddenly shouted and jumped off me. 

"What? What is it?" I asked, confused. 

"We were cuddling again. How do we keep doing that without even realizing?" She asked, her eyes wide. 

"Wait, what? We had a conversation about you using me to cuddle forever just before you took your pants off." 

"I meant about lying my head on your crotch, not about cuddling." She said, blushing. 

"Oh. Is the cuddling that bad though?" I asked, and saw her eyes drop to the floor. 

"N-no, I just, I just feel like..." She muttered, her voice becoming too quiet to hear. 

"Feel like what?" I asked. 

"Feel like the line between friendship and relationship is getting thinner by the second." She said, covering her face with her hands.

I froze, thinking of how we've been acting today. We did seem a lot closer than just friends, especially today. I realized that I liked Chrissy a long time ago, but I never wanted to risk our friendship by becoming more. I also figured she'd never want to date me. I stopped thinking to see her looking at me, with fear in her eyes. 

"What should we do?" She asked, her voice trembling. 

"I think we should be honest about how we feel." I said slowly, fighting the panic in my mind. I felt like running away, but I knew I couldn't. 

Not now. 

"C-could you go first? I'm not sure I'm ready." She said quietly, her eyes locked onto mine. I took a deep breath, and closed my eyes for a moment, afraid, but ready to tell her. 

"I've, uh, liked y-you for a while, f-for a long while Chrissy. I never wanted to tell you because I didn't want to risk ruining our friendship. A-also I figured you'd never want me." I admitted my cheeks a dark shade of red.

Chrissy started to smile, although she was still shaking and clearly nervous. 

"I, I've liked you for a while too. I think I've felt the same as you for a while." She said, smiling as she shook. My eyes widened, as a grin formed on my face. 

"Does this mean we should, uh, go out or something? God I feel like I'm in high school or something, this is ridiculous." I said, making Chrissy laugh a little. 

"I don't know, like what happens if we try and it doesn't work out?" She said, her smile fading. "I don't want to lose you, as a friend." She said, her voice shaking. 

"I don't either. How about we try it, for a day? We try being together for a day, and if it works, we date. If it doesn't, we go back to being friends?" I suggested. 

"Okay, so tomorrow we'll be a couple, then. You better take me to a fancy dinner." She said, picking up her pants, and patting them. 

"No, I was just thinking of grabbing some pizza, what do you think?" I said, laughing. She grinned. 

"Pizza and cuddling could be pretty fun too, you know." She said, pulling on her pants. 

"True, fancy dinner or pizza on the couch?" I pondered aloud. She laughed adorably. 

"That's up to you, you're the one in charge of this date." She told me as she walked back and grabbed her shirt from her the hall. 

"Where are you going?" I asked, following her from the couch. 

"Well, if tomorrow's gonna be a big date thing between us, then I wanna spend some time planning out girly stuff like make up and clothes and junk." She told me, as she opened the front door. I shrugged. 

"Fair enough, I guess. So I'll pick you up at 5 or something?" I asked. 

"Sure, see you then!" She told me, giving me a kiss on the cheek before getting in her car. I ran inside and looked up nearby restaurants. I had a lot of planning to do.