 It was weird to think that it was a few months since James birthday when Chrissy first persuaded me to make love to her in front of him. It is even weirder how Chrissy has taken over my life in a way. She had helped me meet a wonderful woman whom I was dating and helped me not be so alone. She is still a dime no matter what she says. 

The downside is that James always seems to be busy when I try to talk to him lately. I wasn't sure if it is because of something I did or what. So it was with this in mind that I saw the text from Chrissy asking me to a private BBQ. I texted back asking if I could invite Mae. Her answer back was that she already did. The next text was from Mae asking me to come over and pick out an outfit.

I dressed in polo and shorts and drove to Mae's apartment where she was already wearing my favorite outfit. For those who haven't guessed, she was totally naked. I love seeing Mae's naked body. She has just enough curves to drive me crazy, but enough of her Asian side to show the exotic edge that pushes me the other way. My response to seeing her naked was to push her onto the bed so she landed on her back. I was on top of her in an instant. She accepted my hungry kisses before she started tapping me on the shoulder.

"We don't want to keep Chrissy waiting," she moaned as my hand started rubbing her exposed pussy. 

"You are more important right now," I responded.

Pause. 

As a man, I can say with all certainty that we say things in the heat of the moment that sound good at the time. And then later you have to back pedal because you were thinking with the wrong head? This was not one of those moments.

Press Play.

My hands started rubbing her pussy more as I started kissing slowly down her body. My teeth gently pulled on her left breast and her moan was invigorating. I started kissing down her smooth stomach, even dipping my tongue into her belly button just to drive her crazy before I reached my objective. Her flower was already opened and waiting with its aromatic charm as my tongue caressed her folds. Literally, we were in Limbo as I engaged in caressing her velvety petals with my tongue coaxing her sweet nectar to my lips. I was thirsty for her climax. Her moans started small, as if she was trying to hold back until the flat of my tongue opened inside her and her back arched her cum into my open mouth. 

The loud excited moan drove me into a savagery as I stood up quickly and started pulling down my shorts before Mae could respond. I thought to myself that Chrissy could wait and she would understand as my cock went straight inside her. I was already drilling her, mining her pussy for the satisfaction my cock craved. Mae's pussy grabs you like the most comfortable pair of jeans. My thrusts were deliberate, nay more rampaging as I buried my cock inside her. It would be typical porn writing to say I lasted twenty minutes or longer. However, her pussy had my cock exploding about three minutes later, filling her to capacity before I collapsed on top of her for a moment.  "Miss me?' she asked as we both laughed, breaking the silence. 

We chose a simple sundress for the BBQ. Mae loved wearing reds, so we chose one with a flowery print on it. She didn't wear a bra under it and I almost talked her into not wearing panties. She reminded me that Chrissy loved her in panties though, so she wore a pair of red lacey panties to match the dress. As we drove to Chrissy's place, I thought about how lucky I was. How many guys ever had a crush find them a girlfriend? And the girlfriend is cool with the fact that you fucked her friend? Okay, so I am not betting on horses. 

As we arrived at Chrissy's place, I noticed no other cars around. My thoughts quickly turned perverted. Mae looked at me and playfully sighed. I didn't know my thoughts was that transparent? Chrissy met us at the front door. She was glowing in a blue strapless sundress. She gave me a deep kiss before licking her lips. 

"I love tasting Mae on you," she cooed before she kissed Mae. Their kiss wasn't passionate, but it was still hot when both of their tongues touched before we quickly entered the house. James was outside over the grill with the hamburgers, hot dogs and veggie burgers. I forgot to mention that Mae was a mostly Vegan. As we sat down with a few beers, James and I caught sight of the girls walking into the house.

"They seem like the best of buds, don't they?" he asked. 

I nodded in agreement. As we started talking sports and drinking beer, we would get up and check on the stuff on the grill. It was about fifteen minutes later when the girls returned. Mae had the look of just getting done with a workout. I looked over at James, but he was concentrating on the grill. It was when Chrissy walked up to me that she whispered in my ear how yummy Mae's pussy was. 

I spent the majority of the BBQ with a hardened cock. I think Chrissy knew that she did it and wanted to tease me more. It was a little while later when James and Chrissy walked away that Mae came over and snuggled against me. 

"She loved licking your cum from my pussy," she said matter of factly.

This thought alone made it hard to keep from whipping my cock out and feeling Mae suck me off. I then watched as Mae started to edge closer before her phone went off. She pulled the phone out of her clutch and started talking into it. I didn't try to understand because I knew it was her native tongue. It was about three minutes with Mae's voice being raised until she finally hit her call button with her finger and a sad look on her face. 

"Uncle needs me."

Needless to say, I was upset. At the same time, I knew it was a necessary evil. 

"Let me get my keys," I said. 

"No, I'll drive. I will come pick you up after work or we can both just spend the night here," she answered.

Pause.

This is when you know a single man is whipped. 

Press play.

I gave her my keys and she pulled me into a passionate kiss. She then looked me into my eyes as she whispered the words I haven't heard yet.

"I love you, Nicholas."

My world stopped for a brief moment. Brief may not be the word because brief indicates like the time of a breath or the time of a blink. This was more of an interval because it was almost an eternity before I came back around. I was sandwiched between fear and relief, between uncertainties and knowing full well I needed to hear that.

"I love you more, Mae," I said before I deeply kissed her. 

I felt her melt in my arms right there on Chrissy's patio. It was a few moments before we had the sense to separate so that she could drive off in my car to go to work. It was as I turned that I saw Chrissy's face. It wasn't as joyful as normal. I held out my arms as she ran into them before she grabbed me tight.

"He fell asleep, the bastard," she whispered.

I just held her, knowing that I was getting over the shock of telling my girlfriend that I loved her for the first time. I was unsure how much Chrissy knew about that because of when she came out. As we walked to one of the lounges, she started removing her sundress. 

"Nick, I need you. Can you come in the hot tub with me?"

I started to undress as Chrissy dropped the dress and she went over and turned the tub on. She crawled into the tub as I walked over before she crawled to the edge and took my cock in her hand.

"I need this," she said almost commandingly before she took me into her mouth.

Her eyes looked up into my face as my cock disappeared between her lips. There were a few long sucks before she bid me into the tub. Once inside, she guided me to one of the seats before she again took me into her mouth. My hands found her hair and I guided her as she took my cock. It was primal. It was her allowing me to benefit from her feelings. Her throat felt so good along my shaft and seeing her eyes sparkle at me. It was as if she was there for me to use, but I know it was more than that. As I started to edge closer, I looked at her before talking.

"Baby, I'm going to cum down your throat."

She never wavered as I started to feel myself let go. The torrent of my seed built up from the first kiss and the thought of my best friend's wife going down on my girlfriend was too much, especially since said best friend's wife was inhaling my cock. The climax was almost fatal in a way. She pulled off my cock before smiling at me.

"Mae tastes good on your cock too, lover," she cooed before she climbed up and kissed me.

Before she had a chance, I guided her to a step in the hot tub and started licking her nipples, playfully teasing her piercings before sliding down. Her pussy was already agape as I started strumming along the folds with my tongue. I had one thought on my mind as I licked her. It changed suddenly as I started hearing her moan. Her hands pushed me into her pussy while she started softly moaning my name. I love tasting Chrissy and making her moan like that. It was a little time before Chrissy's hands pushed me against her pussy and she climaxed on me. Before she had a chance to respond, I kissed her.

"Do you like the taste of your pussy on my kiss also? " I asked her sarcastically. 

She giggled a bit as we sat in the hot tub relaxing. 

"It looked like James was clueless about you two," I started saying trying to induce the conversation.

Chrissy looked into the water. "He doesn't know yet." 

I held her close as we just sat there. It was a little while before either of us wanted to move. My cell phone ringer gave us the interruption. As I climbed out of the hot tub, I looked up at the window and saw James watching. I grabbed the phone and saw Mae's picture on there. It hesitantly pushed the call button. 

"You okay, baby?" I asked.

"I'll be back in a few minutes. It turns out he was okay. It was a wasted trip. You okay?"

"I miss you. Can't wait for you to get back."

It looked like it was going to get complicated.