 Chrissy has a twin sister, Janie, who is in her second year of grad school. She and Chrissy look exactly alike and I have always had a hard time identifying one from the other if they are dressed alike. It was mid-term break and Janie was coming to visit for a couple of weeks. You see Bill and Jessica, Chrissy and Janie’s parents, were in Europe for a holiday and Janie did not want to come home to an empty house. This was the first opportunity Bill and Jessica had for a holiday since Chrissy’s little brother was born. It had been difficult for Jessica having an infant at her age even though Bill had agreed to a nanny. Mariel, the nanny, and Chrissy’s little brother were staying with us while Bill and Jessica were away. With the arrival of Janie all of our bedrooms would be occupied and with three children in the house, including our two, things would be a bit chaotic. But Mariel was largely taking care of all the children. This gave Chrissy a break and it was only for a couple of weeks.

I happened to notice Janie pull into the driveway and I went out to help her with the luggage. Janie had a fresh scrubbed aura about her and looked very appealingly dressed in baggy knit shorts, university logo tee shirt and jogging shoes. Janie played field hockey which kept her in great shape. Her calf and thigh muscles were particularly firm and well defined. “Hello, Sweetness, let me help you with your things.” I gave her a big hug and a peck on the lips and began to unload the car. “My God, you have enough ‘stuff’ to go on a six-month safari.”

“Joey, you know how women are. We have to be prepared. I really appreciate being able to ‘bunk’ with you-guys for the break. I didn’t want to stay at Mom and Dad’s all alone. How are Sis and the kids? Is everyone OK?”

“Everyone is fine. Come on in and see for yourself. We have the spare room all ready.” About this time Chrissy noticed Janie’s arrival and raced out of the house squealing happily. Like virtually all twins, Chrissy and Janie were very close and mirrored each other in thought and mannerisms. Chrissy and Janie hugged and danced around giddily as I slowly made my way into the house with both hands full. Janie settled in, met Mariel, made a ‘fuss’ over the kids and she, Chrissy and I were relaxing over a beer.

Janie did not know the history about her mother’s baby and asked, “Why did Mom and Dad decide to have another baby at their age? I thought I remembered them saying that Dad had a vasectomy. What is going on with those guys?

Chrissy looked at me, down at the floor and said, “Well, it sort of was an accident.”

Janie furrowed her brow and tilted her head and said, “Accident? How could there be an accident if Dad had been clipped?”

I knew Chrissy would ultimately explain the entire matter anyway so I said, “Chrissy, you may as well tell Janie the whole story.” Being twins I knew they had no secrets and had shared everything while growing up.

Chrissy began, “Janie, you remember Ted Baxter from high school….right?

Janie said, “Ted Baxter? What does he have to do with anything? Isn’t he the guy you dated some? Wasn’t he the one who tried to mess up your honeymoon?”

Chrissy continued, “Yes, that is ‘the’ Ted Baxter. Well, about two years ago Ted invited Mom and Dad and Joey and me to dinner. Dad and Joey had a problem at the office so Mom and I were left alone with Ted. You remember how big and strong Ted is….well….he over-powered Mom and me and ‘had his way’ with us.”

Janie incredulously said, “You mean he raped both of you?”

Chrissy went further, “Well, not exactly. It is hard to explain. You see when we left the restaurant Mom wanted to drive Ted’s BMW. So Ted and I rode together in the backseat. Against my will, he kissed me a little and touched me a little and I sort of got turned on…you know? We had been drinking wine and my resistance wasn’t as strong as it should have been. Mom wanted me to be ‘nice’ to Ted so she suggested that I ‘touch’ him. Wel-l-l, he has a real-l-l-y-y big and thick…..you know…..he is well endowed. When I got his….endowment….out of his zip and began to kiss it…well my little cunny just got all wet and swollen. Ted was going to take Mom home first and she suggested that we all come in for a drink. Joey and Dad were still at the office. Mom and Dad seemed to really want Ted to…you know….f-fuck me so she suggested that we go up to the bedroom. She knew that I was fertile and she and Dad wanted another grandchild.” Janie looked strangely at me but didn’t say anything. She was fidgeting in her chair a bit. “Well, Ted got my panties off and began to kiss my cunny. The next thing I knew he had his big, thick c-c-cock sticking way up in my tummy and Mom was rubbing his…you know….bottom, making him shoot his cream inside me. While I was resting Mom began to clean off Ted’s c-c-cock…..with her mouth……and Ted began to kiss her cunny. Of course this made Ted want to…you know….f-fuck some more. The next thing I knew Mom was sitting on Ted and his c-cock was sticking way into her cunny. I was afraid his big, thick c-cock would hurt her and I tried to make it feel better by rubbing her….bottom. Well soon enough Ted was squirting his cream into Mom and she was coming so hard that she could not get off of his big, thick c-cock. She was not protected and she was impregnated just like me. Well, he just f-fucked babies into both of us.”

Janie had been listening intently as Chrissy related the story. I noticed her rubbing her thighs together. She leaned back in her chair, stretched her legs out on the ottoman and said, “Well, that is just incredible.” She looked over at me and said, “Joey, what did you and Dad think about this?” I just extended my arms, turned my palms up and looked resigned. I did notice a small damp spot forming on Janie’s shorts just below her pussy.

Somewhat later Janie received a phone call. It was Billy, a young man she had been dating at the university. Billy was coming over. Janie asked if it would be alright for Billy to ‘bunk on the sofa’ for the night. He was on his way home for the term break and did not have the money for a motel room. We said fine….what else could we say? When Billy arrived Janie gave him a big hug and a kiss and introduced him to everyone. He seemed like a very nice guy. He was long and lanky at about 6’5” tall and 190 pounds. He played a little basketball at the university and had on a university athletic department tee shirt and a pair of those baggy sateen shorts with his sneakers. He had enormous hands and feet. I would say about size 20 shoes and his hand wrapped entirely around mine when we shook hands. His complexion was a beautifully smooth, light tan. His grandfather, on his mother’s side of the family, was African-American.

After dinner we were watching a CD movie in the den. Janie and Billy were at one end of our sectional sofa and Chrissy and I were sitting at the other end of the el. Billy was slouched down with his arm around Janie and his legs askew. Chrissy kept looking over at them and she finally nudged me and with a slight nod of her head indicated that I should observe them as well. When I looked over at them Billy’s baggy shorts had shifted so you could see up the leg toward his crotch. There, hanging down the leg of his shorts, was the biggest, longest cock that I had ever seen. It was circumcised and, while soft, must have been 10” long with a head the size of a tennis ball. Obviously, Billy was not wearing any underwear and the only reason his cock didn’t show was the long baggy shorts. I knew Chrissy was getting turned on just being near a cock this big. After the movie we all turned in after getting Billy some sheets for the sofa.

Chrissy and I went to our room and Janie went to our spare room which was next to us separated by one wall. Chrissy whispered to me when we closed our door, “We’ll have to be quiet but I just have to have some ‘loving’. Look how my little cunny is all swollen and wet.” With that she slipped out of her jeans and panties; lay down on the bed and lifted her legs so that I could see her pussy. “Did you see Billy’s ‘thing’? My God, have you ever seen anything like that? Will you kiss my cunny a little?” My dick was getting hard and I kneeled down at the edge of the bed between Chrissy’s legs and began to lick her pussy. Within 5 minutes she was moaning and squirming and ready to come. I remembered that she was in her fertile period which was why she was so turned on. “Baby, baby, get a condom for your ‘dicky’ and stick it in me. I need you to stick it in now.” Her pelvis was undulating and I knew she would come as soon as I got inside her pussy. Sure enough as soon as I got my dick out, covered it with the rubber and shoved it in her pussy she began to come. This set me off and I filled the condom. “Oh baby, I needed a ‘quickie’. My cunny was just so hot and wet.” We washed up, brushed our teeth and got into bed. I was quickly asleep but I knew that chrissy had not forgotten about Billy’s big cock.

Chrissy nudged me awake a little later, “Listen Joey. What is happening?” I could hear sounds from Janie’s room and it was obvious what was happening. Billy had come to visit Janie in her room before going to sleep on the sofa. We could not sleep now and lay in bed listening.

We heard Janie say, “Oh Billy, you shouldn’t be up here. What would Joey and Chrissy think if they knew you were up here? They are in the next room…you know. Billy, don’t take your shorts off. God Billy, it’s already getting hard. Come here baby and I’ll give you some relief. Oh Billy, you don’t need to take my panties down. Oh Billy, don’t touch me like that. Oh, it feels so good when you lick my pussy. Don’t try to stick it in me…OK.”

We heard the bed squeak as Billy lay down. Then we heard him say, “Janie baby, I just need to be with you. I brought some lubricant so maybe you could rub me some and maybe we could….you know….fuck a little.” Even though Chrissy had just come I could hear her breathing shorten.

Chrissy whispered, “Is he going to f-fuck Janie with that giant cock? He will split her cunny. You better stop them. Don’t let him f-fuck her.”

I responded, “Shh, be quiet. Let’s listen to what happens.”

Billy said, “That’s good baby. Rub that Vaseline all around. God, that feels good. You are getting my cock so-o-o hard. Rub a little down on my ass…oh…that’s good baby. Suck my cock a little. Here let me rub some on your pussy.”

We heard Janie groan, “Unghh…Oh Billy, that feels so good. I love it when you finger my pussy. Unghh…Billy, don’t push your finger into my ass. Oooh!”

Billy said, “Are you ready to put it in a little?”

Janie whimpered, “I don’t know Billy…it makes me so-o-o sore….maybe just the head. My cunny wants you in but you are so big. Ah-h-h-h! Stop, don’t push anymore…just let me see if I can work the head in. God, it’s so big. Oh! The head is in. Please don’t move. Oh No! I’m going to come. Your cock is just so big. Unnnghhh! I’m com-m-m-i-n-g!”

Chrissy’s pelvis was undulating as she listened. Billy said, “Oh baby, you’re going to make me come. Here it comes. I’m going to fill your pussy. Unghh! Unghh! Unghh! I’m sorry baby. I didn’t mean to push it in that far. I just couldn’t help it when you made me come. Let me see baby. Is your pussy alright?” We could hear Janie sobbing and then all was quiet.

Chrissy whispered, “Joey, Janie was crying. He must have split her when they fucked. I told you that you should stop him. His cock is just too big.”

“What could I do? Did you want me to just rush in on them and create a scene? That would have been silly. They are both consenting adults.” I fell back to sleep.

I awakened a short time later and heard sobbing out in the hallway. I got up and went to see what was wrong. It was Janie. She was dressed in a long man’s tee shirt just like Chrissy slept in. I just had on my loose fitting boxers. She was sniffling and said, “Oh Joey, I need to talk to someone. Could we go downstairs and talk a bit?”

I put my arm around her shoulder to comfort her and said, “Sure Sweetness, tell Joey what is wrong and I’ll try to fix it.” We went down to the den and sat on the sofa in the dark. I noticed that Janie walked strangely…sort of bow-legged, like she had been riding a horse and her inner thighs were sore.

Janie folded her feet and knees under her and snuggled into my side with my arm around her shoulder and said, “Joey, Chrissy is so lucky to have found a guy like you. You are so sweet, gentle and understanding. I hope I meet someone like you soon.” She was still sniffling and whimpering.

“Janie, what seems to be the problem? Billy seems like a nice guy. Are you two having problems?”

“That is just the problem. I have to break-up with Billy. We are just not compatible. I just know he is going to be upset. Oh, I don’t know what to do.”

“What seems to be the exact problem? Perhaps I can give you some advice.” I began to massage her shoulder and upper arm.

“Well, it is difficult to talk about but I’ll try. I just have to talk to someone. We…Billy and I….well….we are just not compatible in bed…you know….sexually. Oh, he turns me on….it’s not that….it’s just that we don’t really fit together. His ‘thing’ is just so-o long and thick that it doesn’t fit into…you know….my cunny.” I continued to rub her shoulder and kiss her hair. My dick began to stir in my boxers even though I had just fucked Chrissy earlier. “I am on the pill so we have tried different things. We use a lot of lubricant and when it comes time to…..you know….stick it in, we squeeze the h-h-head to make it smaller. But as soon as the h-head gets in me it swells back up and Billy can’t slide…you know…in and out the way we need. It is so big in me that he makes me…you know….start coming almost immediately. This makes me squeeze and hunch and Billy starts to come. Then it is over and my cunny is so sore that we can’t do ‘it’ anymore for a few days. My cunny is sore right now.” My dick got very hard and began to stick through the fly of my boxers. Janie saw it and said, “Oh Joey, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to….get you hot and bothered.” She reached down and just pulled the fly back over my dick covering it up. “Joey, what do you think I should do?”

I said, “Have you tried exercises with…you know…smaller ‘things’ in order to loosen up your p-pussy a little?” Stretch out on the sofa and let me see if I can determine if there is a problem.” Janie stretched out on the sofa and I dropped to my knees beside the sofa. I slid Janie’s tee shirt up her thighs and she was not wearing panties.

“Oh Joey, should you really be looking at my cunny? What would Chrissy think? This is so embarrassing, Joey.”

“Don’t worry about Chrissy….lift up your knees and open your legs.” She placed one leg up on the back of the sofa and opened her thighs widely.

“God Joey, look at my cunny. See how red and messy it is. Billy just…you know….f-fucked me a little while ago….could you and Chrissy hear us? Billy squirts so much cum in me. See how drippy I am. Oh, I hate for you to see my cunny all messy.” Janie’s pussy was very inflamed and irritated. Cum was dribbling out down the crack of her ass.

“Janie, I have to touch you a little to be sure everything is OK.” Janie did not object so I used my thumb and fore-finger to lightly and slowly massage just outside her red and puffy outer lips all the way from her clit down to her anus. “Does that hurt?” Janie shook her head ‘No’. I continued this massage for a few minutes and Janie’s anus began squeeze a little. I kissed her inner thigh a few inches above her knee. Then with the tip of my fore-finger I did the same thing between her outer lips using the dribbling cum for lubricant. “Does that hurt?” Again Janie shook her head ‘No’ and her ass began to squirm a little, particularly when the tip of my finger came into contact with her clit. With the tip of my fore-finger I lightly traced around her pussy opening inserting no more than ½ inch of my finger. Janie was definitely tighter than Chrissy because Chrissy had delivered two babies. “Does that hurt?” Janie just whimpered and shook her head ‘No’. I could see her stomach muscles ripple a little. Using my thumb I began to massage her clit and Janie’s pelvis began to undulate but she indicated no pain. While continuing to massage her clit, I moistened my fore-finger with cum and began a light massage of her anus ever so gently increasing the pressure. When my finger tip popped through her sphincter muscle I asked, “Does that hurt?”

“God No, Joey, what are you doing to me? You are making me so hot. You are making me want to f-fuck again. Are you going to make me come again?”

I leaned over and gave her a light kiss on the lips. Janie responded by opening her lips, pulling my face tightly to her and pushing her tongue into my mouth. I whispered, “I think you are OK. Do you want me to stop?”

Janie whimpered, “Yes, you better stop.” But she continued to kiss me and her pelvis movements were becoming more frantic. She made no effort to remove my thumb from her clit or my finger from her anus. “Oh Joey, don’t do that. Stop, Joey! Please……don’t…..stop. You’re making me so hot. You’re making me want to fuck.”

“We could try one more thing just to be certain that you are OK on the inside. We could try putting something inside you…you know….just to be sure.”

“Joey, I don’t know. What would you use?”

“Well, my dick is straining to get out of my boxers. What about that?”

“Joey, I just don’t know. What would Chrissy say if she knew that I let you stick it in me? It won’t hurt…will it? Are we going to…you know….fuck? Will you f-fuck me with it….you know….put it in and out…the way normal people do it? My cunny feels like it wants something hard sliding in and out…you know….f-fucking me.” I dropped my boxers and got up on the sofa between Janie’s legs. “Joey, just put it in a little….my cunny is very sore and it might hurt.” I gently rubbed the head of my dick between her pussy lips and got it slippery with Billy’s cum. Janie was humping off the sofa so I pushed the head between her lips. I asked if it hurt and Janie shook her head ‘No’. I pushed all the way in and Janie groaned. I asked again if it hurt. She said, “God No! It feels great.” It felt good to me too. I had never been in a pussy without a condom and it definitely was better ‘bareback’. If I had not just fucked Chrissy I would probably have come already.

I said, “So far so good, baby. I’m going to fuck you now.” I began to give her long slow strokes and she began to make a low squealing sound each time I would push in. “Janie, you are going to have to be quieter. We don’t want to wake anyone.”

“God Joey, It feels so good. I have never been…you know….f-fucked with a normal c-cock. The end rubs right behind my clit inside my pussy each time you f-fuck into me. I didn’t know it could feel this good. Is that my G-spot? Oh, keep fucking me. I want to feel you cum in me.”

I reached down and pressed a finger into Janie’s ass and she yelped, “Joey, how can I be quiet if you are going push your finger into my ass? Oh, Joey, fuck it in and out just the way you are doing with your dick. Oh God, that is going to make me come. Oh fuck me hard…fuck me….fuck me…please fuck me. Oh I’m commmming! Push it in hard. Shoot it in me now.”

When Janie’s ass began to hunch wildly off the sofa, I could hold back no longer and began to come, “Unghh! Unghh! Unghh!” My ass clenched and clenched and I emptied my balls into Janie. We settled down and I pulled my soft dick from Janie’s pussy. “Janie, I wish you were not on the pill. I would like to try and make a baby in you. Would you like for me to fuck a baby in you?”

“God Joey, that was so good. Would you really want to make me pregnant? If I stop taking the ‘pill’ would you do ‘it’ to me? Would you put cum in me? I have to find somebody normal just like you unless you want to take care of me and Chrissy.”
