 (This takes place after Chrissy: Challenge Accepted. Chrissy is Nick's best friend's wife. If you want more background, please check out Good Friends Make Better Lovers under my author tab to see how this all began. Thank you to Hissub1111 for her help in this series and to those who support me through reading.

BTW, you will notice there are times in the story where Nick "breaks the fourth wall." This is just to answer the questions of those who are unsure where my story goes and what the point is. You can tell what I'm saying when you see me say Pause.)



Chrissy and I were beginning to get dressed as her oldest son started to cry. As she slipped her tank top over her wonderful breasts, she whispered to me, "After they fall asleep tonight, you are mine." 

She sealed that last statement with a deep kiss before walking out of the room. I sat there after putting my clothes back on for a few moments before walking out and watching the youngest playing with blocks. I started remembering the night she was born and how Chrissy was in labor for what seemed like forever. It also reminded me of James. 

As my mind came back to reality, there was a tug on my pants as I looked down and saw the oldest looking up at me with wide eyes. "Airplane, Uncle Nick?" 

I started to pick him up and fly him around before the youngest wanted her turn. I could hear Chrissy laughing from the kitchen as I then went to the floor and started helping the kids build a tower. I could smell something cooking from the kitchen as I kept my fingers busy maneuvering the blocks. 

Pause. 

Did I forget to mention Chrissy's cooking? Okay, you can shoot me for that. Chrissy is a very good cook. She seems to have the knack of making boxed mac and cheese taste better. I'm not sure if it's how she cooks it or what, but even before we fucked I was hooked on her cooking. Let's just say that Chrissy is an expert on satisfying the three H's. Come on, the three H's are Hungry, Horny and ......

Okay, so there's only two H's. Sue me. Press play. 

Dinner was Italian. Chrissy always seemed to do well with Italian food. As we finished the spaghetti, I could see the kids starting to rub their eyes. Chrissy was on target as she guided the older one up the stairs while carrying the younger one. I started to get up before Chrissy turned. "Nick, give me ten minutes to put these two to bed." 

I did as she asked and tried to keep busy by collecting the dishes and taking them to the sink. I then decided to start doing dishes since I hated waiting so much. Apparently, the older one wanted Mommy to read him a story. As she walked down the stairs, I think she was surprised that I was doing the dishes. "What are you doing?" she asked. 

"I'm helping out. I didn't want you spending all night cleaning up." 

Pause. 

Horny Reader: Dude, where's the action at? I want to see you plowing her. 

Me: Dude, why are you being a douche? This is called set up. This isn't some fantasy where the girl's made of silicone and guys have foot long dicks. This is based on reality and in reality, there's not wall to wall fucking all the time. So chill out. 

Press play. 

So we spent a good hour putting blocks away, doing dishes and making the house presentable. Soon, Chrissy was on the phone talking as I finished up. As I dried my hands, she walked up to me and wrapped her arms around me. "So, that was my parents." 

I kissed her before I breathed out the next words. "What's going on?" 

She smiled. "They're taking the kids for the weekend. They'll be here to pick them up early tomorrow morning." 

She followed up my kiss with a deep one of her own before she turned and guided me towards the couch. "Wanna watch Big Bang Theory?" she asked. 

As we watched the DVR, she cuddled closer and allowed me to hold her. I'm not much of a fan of the show, but I am a fan of holding a dime while she enjoys it because she is very cuddly. As the ending credits started to roll, I leaned over and kissed her again except they landed on her neck. She closed her eyes for a moment before letting out a soft moan. She then turned to me and whispered, "Upstairs...now."

We climbed the stairs to her bedroom and closed the door. As I watched, she went down on her knees and started undoing my pants. It took a moment to get my cock back out and even less time to feel it slide between her lips. I looked down and saw her cheeks rosy and her eyes smiling at me through her glasses. A moment later, she pushed me back onto her bed and started to pull off my pants. 

"This weekend," she huffed as she pulled off my pants, "we are going nudist after the kids leave. I don't want to go through all this work to get to your cock." 

She followed up that statement by crawling on the bed and teasing the head of my cock with her tongue. I watched her circle the head with her tongue, hypnotizing me with her eyes prior to taking a small portion of my shaft between her lips. I leaned my head back and moaned before I felt her mouth take me in. I sat there smiling, watching her make out with my cock slowly. I wanted so bad to lean forward and push her onto my cock deeper, but I was powerless to move. My hands reached towards the head of the bed where I found her vibrator under the pillow. I grabbed it and moaned once before I whispered,"Chrissy, bring your pussy closer." 

As she scooted around, I pulled her lounge pants down until her pussy and ass were exposed before I turned on the vibrator. Slowly I ran it over the surface of her pussy lips until I felt her moan on my cock. "You're dirty," she cooed before she went down to my base in her mouth. 

I started teasing her pussy more with the vibe, sliding it in a little as she sucked me off. I could feel myself wanting to explode inside her. I kept trying to hold back before I just let loose. She kept her mouth glued to my cock, swallowing every drop flowing from my love spigot. She then pushed up with her hands and rolled away from me to remove her pants before she slid over my mouth. 

"Eat my pussy, Nick," she whispered, her pussy sliding over my lips. 

I started to lick as she rode my tongue, her hands working to pull her tank top over her head before she reached down and began to finger her nipple piercings. She started pulling on them while my tongue slid deeper inside her quim. Her hips started bucking more as she started breathing heavy. I could feel her moan through her as she pulled both of her nipple rings at the same time as she climaxed. I felt her juices all over my face and enjoyed her honey in my mouth before she climbed off. 

She then snuggled next to me and started to kiss my cheek before we kissed deeply. It was a few moments before we slipped under the covers and she turned away from me. My arms slid around her and pushed her against me, her naked rear pressed against my groin as we cuddled to sleep.