 Kara unlocked the door to her new townhouse and smiled back at her boyfriend, Glen.

"See look how good it looks," she asked him.

"You were right this place is really nice, I'm jealous. You and Sandy get to stay here and I have to live in my dump of a dorm room." Glen said.

They were both twenty-two years old and seniors in college. Kara and her friend Sandy had decided to move off campus that year while Glen remained in his dorm room with his friend, Harry, and their asshole-roommate Marcus.

"Come on let me show you which room I get." Kara said, she grabbed Glen's hand and pulled him inside the door. They had come in the back door and were now in the kitchen. Kara escorted him into the barren living room and up the corner staircase. At the top of the stairs was a short hallway with three doors. Kara pushed open the door on the left and flicked on the light switch.

Glen followed her in and looked around the room.

"See won't this be nice? I'll put my desk here and my bureau there, look at the closet doors don't they beat the dorms?"

"Yeah I'm officially very jealous." Glen said smiling. He poked out his lower lip exaggerating a pout-face. Kara walked over and cupped his face in her small, warm hands.

"Aww are you sad? Don't worry you can come stay here all the time,"

"Oh yeah you mean it," he said in a trembly voice continuing their game.

"Oh my yes I think you might have to come over every day and spend some time right," she moved her hands from his face to his shoulders and ushered him back towards a corner of the room, "right here."

"Why right here?" Glen said dropping his baby-voice.

"Cause this is where my bed will be." Kara answered; she dropped from her play-voice into a throaty whisper.

"Ohhh I see." Glen said, he wrapped his arms around her, his lips quickly kissing her forehead. Kara was 5'5, her forehead reaching up just to Glen's mouth. She was fair skinned and had reddish blonde hair and mottled blue-gray eyes. She was a little over 130 pounds but a few of those pounds were in her lovely bust and her curved posterior. Glen loved those pounds.

Kara's breasts were soft and round and so sensitive Glen just had to run his finger once around her nipple and it would stand solidly erect for minutes. 

Glen's hand reached around and gave her ass a squeeze. She looked around the empty room as if someone might see.

"Calm down," he told her, "there's nobody here but us."

"Mmm, you're right." She agreed. Glen suddenly saw a look in Kara's eye that made his cock twitch against the restraint of his pants. She pushed him up against the wall and kissed him deeply.

"Jesus," he said once she withdrew her tongue from his mouth.

"I should take you to abandoned apartments more often," he joked. Kara didn't laugh and Glen wasn't smiling. Their mouths came together as they crushed their lips against one another. Kara slowly ran her tongue around the circle of Glen's mouth, wetting his lips even more.

Glen's hands were spread flat across her shoulder blades squashing Kara's breasts against his chest. Kara lowered her mouth and began to suck and nibble at the soft skin around Glen's throat. His eyes reeling with pleasure Glen moved off the wall and laid Kara down on the carpet. It looked recently cleaned and vacuumed; their steps had left foot prints in grain of the fabric when they had walked across the room.

Kara continued to suckle on Glen's neck as he ground his growing crotch against hers. She relinquished his neck with a small slurp as he hissed from the sensation. She could feel Glen's cock in his pants, rubbing her, sending the occasional spark of feeling into her clit. Kara grabbed the hem of Glen's t-shirt and pulled it up over his head stripping him. His chest and stomach rippled with slight muscle. 

Glen was not a heavy set young man but he was athletic. His body was the product of many hours spent swimming in the pool and when he was tanned and sweaty Kara thought there was nothing more seductive than his glistening chest. Except maybe his seven-inch cock as it throbbed with excitement right before he fucked her silly with it.

Glen lowered his mouth leaving a trail of wet kisses down Kara's throat to her chest. She was wearing a button up peasant shirt of paisley browns and blues. His fingers worked swiftly undoing the buttons from the bottom up, while his mouth and tongues slathered her sternum.

Small moans issued from Kara's closed mouth. Her hands wove back and forth across Glen's smooth back. She ran her fingers through his dark brown hair and kissed his forehead. Glen's fingers touched the top most buttons, and with a quick flick, Kara's shirt was off. He spread each half away from her. Without a second's hesitation he brought his mouth once again to her chest.

Still rubbing his crotch between the spreading hot spot between Kara's legs, Glen's hands began to undo her bra. He rubbed even harder when she arched her back to allow his hands access to her bra's clasp; that forceful thrust made her mouth open into a silent 'O' of pleasure. Glen's mouth kissed the skin between Kara's breasts gently. His tongue slid over the edges of the fabric and left spots of wetness on the bulge of her tits.

After moments of his teasing Glen popped the clasp and ripped Kara's bra away with his teeth. She looked at him with half closed eyes and pulled his head to her mouth. She kissed him again, her tongue wriggling far into his mouth. He sucked on her tongue rhythmically as he rubbed his groin against hers. Suck, rub, suck, rub, suck, rub.

Glen released her tongue with a sloppy kiss and with his mouth still wet with their mixed saliva; he swallowed the top of Kara's pale breast. The pink nub and its wrinkled-with-elation surrounding went rigid as Glen's hot lips enclosed it. Glen felt it harden from soft flesh into its erect position. Kara let a cry escape her lips as Glen began to flick his tongue against the underside of her nipple. His left hand traveled to her mouth while his right held on to Kara's tit. She grabbed his left hand and pulled its index finger deep in her mouth. Her tongue ran circles around it. Once his finger was soaking wet Glen pulled it from Kara's hot mouth and lightly touched her left breast.

His mouth and tongue still lashed Kara's right breast and Glen's wet finger began rubbing a circle around her left nipple. Kara shot a hand down inside her jeans and began rubbing herself. The sensations were building within her and it wouldn't be long before her pussy was absolutely gushing.

Kara grabbed Glen's head from her tits and kissed him. Their breathing was ragged as they moved to sitting positions. Kara's hands had unbuttoned Glen's jeans and in seconds he had returned the favor.

They both pulled down each others pants then moved onto their knees once they were naked. Glen felt Kara's large tits flatten out against his chest and moved side to side slowly rubbing his skin against the sensitive parts of her chest. His eager cock was erect and pushing against her legs. Glen nibbled at her ear as her warm fingers ran over the fuzz of his balls. 

Since Glen swam he sometimes shaved his legs but he hadn't been to a competition in years therefore his legs were a normal level of hairiness. However, during his swimming career he had found out that he enjoyed himself much more if his genitals were shaved. He didn't bald himself but he trimmed his dark and curlies enough so that instead of being wild and wooly his pubic area was neat and trim. In a way it was much like the carpet he and Kara rolled around on right then. It had been a few weeks since his last shave and now there were decent sized prickles on the underside of his testicles. This was Glen's favorite time to be with Kara, because every time one of those prickles got touched, licked or rubbed it sent shivers all through his body.

Kara had been shaving herself since she had turned fifteen. She had just found it a way to keep clean besides she didn't care for a wooly pussy, she found herself much more appealing with a well-kept bush. She began getting wax jobs later on once she had gotten a steady job to pay for them. Glen's fingers were now drumming against a smooth, professionally cleared pussy. Kara's slit was slick with excitement allowing Glen's fingers to slide up and down her wet lips with ease.

He eased her onto her back and laid his lower stomach on her soaking twat. He pushed his now throbbing cock down so it pulsed against Kara's ass and lower vagina. The pressure on her clit was blowing her mind; Kara swam in the ecstasy and was drunk with the sensation. Glen drew his mouth away from her ear lobe and kissed her on her now swollen mouth. He dragged his tongue from her puffy lips then down her chest where his hands massaged each breast. Finally he pulled his tongue past her navel and moved his hands to the back of her knees pulling her legs into the air. He rested each leg on his shoulders and then dove into Kara's warm pussy with vigor. His lips mashed against her clitoris as his finger darted inside her. He rubbed them up and down her slit and smiled to himself as she trembled.

"Oh god, keep going, oh god please," Kara said, mewing with pleasure, through half-closed eyes she saw Glen wink at her from between her legs and felt his mouth engulf her clit. Glen sucked it hard for a minute then relaxed and let his tongue dance all over her pussy. It darted inside then ran up to the top where here clit was swelling and tingling. Glen shook his head from side to side while his tongue waggled across her full lips.

Kara gripped the carpet while her first orgasm shook her body. Her thighs clamped against Glen's head muffling her small shouts of bliss from his ears. Kara's pussy had been soaking wet before but as she came Glen could feel it get somehow even wetter. His face was not just dewed by her juices; it was fully sopped in it.

As Kara's cushion-like thighs released Glen's head he smiled an "I-just-made-you-cum-reeaaal-good" smile. She returned it with a dreamy grin and dazed eyes. He moved up to her face and lay down beside her. She wiped his face with her hands and then licked her cooling wetness from her fingers. Kara kissed Glen with an open mouth and her tongue stretched into his mouth. Kara's hot tongue swam through Glen's mouth searching for more of her taste hoping to find every remaining drop. 

Kara had never been with another woman, the closest she'd ever been was kissing a girlfriend in middle school once or tasting herself off a lover's face or cock. Though she'd never admit it, being with a woman was one of Kara's deepest fantasies and every time she tasted herself she got excited all thinking of how another woman might taste.

"Well I think we just christened this particular area and claimed it as yours, what do you think?" Glen said. She was curled into the loop of his left arm with his right hand brushing gently on her bare ass.

"I think it's your turn." She hissed. Kara put her hand against Glen's shoulder and pushed him to the floor. Straddling his taught stomach, Kara began to tweak her nipples as she crooned to him.

"So what would you like? You want to just watch me play with myself? Huh? Or do you want to fuck me? Fuck me real good..." Kara's twat was still dripping and she was leaving a warm slippery patch on Glen's stomach. His cock was still very erect and as he was on his back it was lying down on his lower abs. Occasionally Kara's swaying would cause her ass to touch the head of Glen's dick and send an instant of ecstasy from the head to the base of the shaft.

"Oh I don't know, Kara-bear, how about whatever you'd like to do?" Glen said after thinking about her offer. He had gotten plenty aroused as he'd sucked her pussy but now seeing tweaking her nipples while writhing on his stomach made him want her more. Glen was literally, up for anything.

"What I'd like to do huh," Kara said considering the offer while still atop Glen's body. "Okay I'd like you to fuck me and then I'd like to suck your big cock clean while you eat me out, how's that sound for a to-do list?"

"Fun as hell." Glen answered.

Kara reached behind her and found Glen's dick with her hand. She slowly encircled it with a finger and thumb and began small, short strokes as her free hand continued playing with her nipples. Glen stretched backwards enjoying Kara's fingers on the soft underside of his prick.

Glen felt her warm body come against his as she lay down on top of him. She put her elbows and knees to either side of his straddling him with her entire body; inching backwards Kara's face flinched with pleasure as she brushed her eager pussy against Glen's cock. She stopped moving when she felt the soft dry skin touch her moist twat. She lowered her groin until her outer lips engulfed the top of Glen's dick. Slowly moving backwards Kara trailed her tongue down Glen's chest. Glen, seemingly overwhelmed by the heat and moisture of Kara's hot cunt, surprised her completely when he grabbed her hips and shoved his entire seven inches into her. A small gasp of mixed pleasure and surprise puffed out of her mouth but turned into a groan as he began to pump his dick in and out of her. 

Kara straightened her back and gripped Glen's bending stomach as he pounded her pussy. His feet were planted on the floor and his knees were bent giving him better leverage with which to bury his rod inside her. Kara rode him and ground her pussy with her eyes closed and her fingers either buried in the flesh of Glen's body or pinching her own excited nipples. Glen's balls made a soft thap sound each time he shoved himself up into Kara's body. She loved that feeling, the tapping of her man's balls as he plugged away at her. Kara felt herself nearing orgasm and by Glen's struggling face he was too.

With some initial disappointment she slipped Glen's dick out of her and stood up. Glen stayed beneath her, his dick glistening with her wetness and his face becoming calm again. Kara stood over him with her legs spread giving Glen a fantastic view of her sopping wet snatch; he slowly raised up a hand to finger it. She closed her eyes as his finger found her clit.

"No, no, mister, it's time to clean that cock off." 

"But," Glen began.

"Nope, no buts. Just lay there and lick me till I come all over your face again pretty boy." Kara said putting her hands on her hips. As she clenched her body her tits jiggled up and down. The sight of it made Glen's cock give a small jump.

"Yes ma'am." He said giving her a small salute. Smiling she turned around and bent down with her knees, her ass cheeks spread wide revealing the pink pucker just above her pussy. 

Once Kara reached her knees she backed her ass up so Glen could reach it. As she neared him the smell and her heat washed over his face. His face was swathed in the smell of her arousal. He noticed the spiciness that lay buried between the hills of her ass cheeks, and as she began to tap his thighs with her tongue he thought about which to lick first, her asshole or her cunt.

Glen put the tips of his index and middle finger into his mouth and drew them out, covered with his spit. Kara's face nuzzled his cock as her tongue started wiping across his sack in broad wet strokes. Glen ran his wet fingers down the length of Kara's ass crack and stopped as he reached her clenched asshole. Glen put his tongue on the skin between Kara's anus and her cunt. With his two fingers pushing around her rectum, Glen started licking that small patch of skin. He covered that zone between Kara's holes with his tongue, he spit on it and rubbed it in with lips, Kara wheezed with pleasure while her mouth was full of Glen's thigh. His nose brushed her asshole while his chin rubbed her pussy; all the while his fingers were gently massaging her rear end's most sensitive spot. 

She had been licking Glen's testicles diligently as he had started teasing her. Now she decided it was time to finally clean his dick off and once again taste her unique flavor. She ran her lips up and down Glen's cock at varying speeds. Her left hand spread out on the floor next to his hip while her right was holding the base of his shaft. 

Once she had licked each bit of her juice off his pulsing cock she opened her mouth and engulfed the mushroom-like head of Glen's dick. From her toying Glen's penis had throbbed and its head had turned from pink to a reddish purple with anticipation. She felt Glen's tongue flicking away inside her soaking twat and his fingers were beginning to enter her asshole. She and Glen had never tried anal sex before, so her ass was exceptionally tight. Kara wasn't opposed to taking a dick up her ass really, she'd fantasized about it but it had always seemed a little intimidating. She thought about it much more now that Glen was probing her asshole and making her thighs shake harder and harder.

Kara licked Glen's head rhythmically and began bob her head up and down. She heard him begin to moan and grunt as he struggled to withhold his load. Her pussy had become a running river of fuck juice. By now, she thought, Glen must be nearly drowning in it. Kara began to bob faster and lick more frequently. The hand she had kept wrapped around the base of Glen's shaft began to pump up and down. Her hand slid freely thanks to all the spit that had dribbled from her mouth down Glen's cock. Kara watched as his balls started to slowly contract. At that moment she felt herself begin orgasm again, this time it was more than a nice starter-come, it was the real deal.

She rocked backwards letting Glen's dick pop out of her mouth and began to scream.

"Oh yes, fuck yes! You suck my cunt, God yeah!" she cried, her hand still jerked up and down quickly on Glen's dick sending small droplets of her saliva and his pre-cum all over both of them.

Glen gave a shuddering grunt as his dick released its large load, spurting hot come onto Kara's sweaty flushed chest. His second string slopped a bit of it on her face. The third smeared across her belly and began to slowly drip down it. 

After the main fireworks were over, Glen's prick sputtered again, this time landing the gooey come on his stomach. Kara's pussy had flooded Glen's mouth and he'd swallowed every drop he could. His fingers had become slippery in her ass and he'd fingered Kara's asshole so much he thought he could probably stick his dick up there without a drop of lube. Her thighs had clamped together as she'd rocked on Glen's face but now they were loosening and she released him. She scooted forward and licked the cooling jism from Glen's stomach. Kara turned and sat on the floor with her back against the wall. Glen watched as she rubbed his come into the flesh of her tits and with one finger collected what had sprayed her face. She showed him the gooey finger then popped it into her mouth. She pulled it out, clean as a whistle.

Glen crawled to her and kissed her, tasting the mixture of his come and her juice.

"Now this room is mine." Kara said.

"Oh yes baby doll, this place is definitely yours."