 I was late. Real late. "Crap!" I muttered to myself as fumbled for the cell phone in my jeans pocket. She was gonna be mad, but then I figured I'd just have find a way to make it up to her then, wouldn't I? And that shouldn't be to difficult. Not with my Christi. Over the months we'd been hanging out together, I'd kind of learned how to play her body like an instrument....and what a lovely instrument it was!

At just a few inches over five feet, Christi was an amazingly sensual women. From her silky smooth hair to her shapely legs, she simply radiated sex appeal. I briefly closed my eyes, letting my mind wrap itself around the firm 36C breasts, long pink nipples standing out hard and proud. I could almost see...hell, almost smell the hot spot between her thighs...lips moist, hair trimmed to an almost invisible thatch.

I shook the image out of my head and resumed my task of dialing her number.

"Hello?" I could hear the faint colorations of sleep around the edges of Christi's soft voice. "Hey, Baby."

Instantly wide awake, she sent a crackling bolt of electricity straight through the phone.

"Mike...what the fuck do you want, you asshole?'

"I know, I know. I'm really sorry Babe. I know I'm late, but I couldn't help it.'

"Late? No. An hour is late. Two hours is late. This isn't late for our date tonight....You're just early for tomorrow's date...jerk!" I could feel her bristling from over the phone lines and, although I hated to upset her like this, I couldn't help but feel a little twinge of excitement in my loins. Christi is always a hot looking girl, but when she's pissed off...well she's awesome! There's just something about not knowing for sure if she's going to fuck my brains out or kick my ass that turns me on, no end!

"Baby, you know I told you I might have to work later tonight. It wasn't up to me."

Still smoldering, "There is such a thing as calling to let me know, though, isn't there."

"I tried...twice...your line was busy."

"Oh," she said in a suddenly small voice. "My sister in California called. She had a fight with her girlfriend. She wanted to talk. I guess I should have thought about you calling. But I had to let her talk it out. I guess it was a bad argument... a real hair puller."

"Yeah, well...." I said with a little well practiced indignation, then added. "Still, I know you were waiting and I'm so sorry I didn't get there tonight"

"You're sorry!" she exclaimed. "I'm laying here in my big , cold bed all by myself!"

"Hah!" I said with a snort. "Baby, if you're in that bed...ain't no way it's cold. I only wish I was there with you right now. Tell me something, sweet thang..."

"What?"

"Tell me what you're wearing right now."

"You know." I could feel her face redden slightly, even over the phone.

"Tell me."

"I've got on that old dress shirt you gave me." Her voice had become the voice of a little girl. "You know it's what I always sleep in now. It smells like you." She giggled, "and I'm never going to wash it. Either."

"Mmmmm," I cooed softly. "Know what I think?"

"You tell me, Mikey."

"I think you have to take that shirt off now."

"But I'll get cold," she protested laughingly.

"Christi.."

"Hmm?"

"Now. Are you laying on your back?"

"Yes." 

"Good. Now slowly unbutton all the buttons. Slowly."

"Okay. I'm doing it now. Second one...third one... last one...there. All open."

"Spread it wide open. Let's see that luscious body of yours. But slowly...you know how."

Again the little girl voice. Giggling, "Can I stay underneath the blankets, at least?"

"Sorry. No blankets. Ruins the effect.' As I spoke, I could feel my erection pushing painfully against my zipper. I wasn't going to be able to keep this up too long. My seven and one half inch boner was going to need some personal......attention. Soon.

"Well, wait a second. I turned on the lamp before and I have to turn it off first."

"No. Leave it on."

"The bedroom shades are up. People across the courtyard can see right in!"

"Lucky for them, then, isn't it. Lights on. Blankets off. Come on Babe, for me."

"Jesus, the shit I do for you!" Christi let out a laugh of resignation. "Well, okay. Here I go...waking up the neighbors!" My mind played out the scene that I could only imagine. In the soft glow of the Tiffany lamp by the bed side, Christi slowly pushed the oversized shirt open wide, exposing the creamy smooth flesh beneath. I felt as if I could almost reach out and take the protruding nipples between my lips....trace the outline of the small tattoo on her upper left breast with my tongue.

I squeezed the bulge at the front of my jeans with my left hand, as I held the cell phone clutched tightly in my right. My "mental tongue" lazily made it's way down Christi's burning flesh, teeth nipping at the belly button ring in her navel. This was becoming unbearable, my fever rising rapidly.

"Oh fuck!"

"What is it Christi? Tell me babe."

"I think I can see that one guy...the one who has that yellow mustang in the next building...I think he's got binoculars or something. Shit! Now his light's off, but I know for a fact he's looking at me with binoculars!"

"Keep those covers off, Christy," I said sternly, my voice thick with arousal.

"Mike...."

"Off."

"Oh, God...yes they're off. I am absolutely bare. Well, at least I hope he's enjoying this."

"I'm sure he is...like me." I rubbed the palm of my hand yet harder against the rough denim fabric covering my throbbing cock. "Christi..."

"Yes." 

"Christi, lick your fingers and then wet your nipples...make them hard."

"Okay...but they're already hard."

"Make them harder...play with them for me."

"Mmmm," she moaned. "Feels good.'" "Now.....keep playing with your nipples with your left hand, and slide your right hand down your stomach...all the way. But slowly....deliberately...."

I could hear the passion building within the words as she whispered, "Slowly moving down....down.... Ohhh, yes. I'm touching myself for you now. My pussy is so wet! I want to make myself cum. I want to cum for you now...Holy shit!' "Holy shit?' I exclaimed in surprise.

"The mustang guy! He turned a light on again. He is looking through binoculars...but for Christ's sake he's got all his clothes off now and he looks like he's jacking off!"

"Forget about him baby...just concentrate on playing with yourself for me. I want to taste you so bad. Taste yourself for me Christi! Smear your juice all over your face...suck your wet fingers. Come on Baby..."

"Ummmm...yummy," she whispered as she did as I asked. "You know," she said in a husky voice, "Mustang man has a pretty big cock....ohhh, this feels so good.. My face is all sticky with my cum...I'm stroking my clit for you. Ohhhh...mmmm. Mikey, I'm getting close, honey...I think I'm gonna cum soon....", then, "God damnit! Somebodies ringing the fucking doorbell! Mmmmm....Fuck em...I'm going make myself cum!"

"Christi, no! Go answer the doorbell!"

"Noooo! Christ... I wanna cum!" she cried. I heard the desperation in her voice, knowing that she was furiously pummeling her throbbing clit.

"Christi...trust me! Go open the door....naked!"

"Mike.....please....."

"Naked, Christi! Now!" I heard the sound of the phone being slammed down on the night stand, and the sound of Christi's panting voice, cursing as it receded in the distance...

Not caring at all who was at the door, Christi flung the sleeping shirt on the floor as she ran to the door. Two of the fingers on her right hand still clutching and rubbing her freely flowing pussy, she threw it wide open, jaw dropping as she found herself standing face to face with..... me. Without a word I pulled her to me and crushed her mouth with mine, our tongues fighting a fierce duel, me sucking at the stud she wore there...our hands grabbing at each other as if we were afraid it was only a vision and might disappear.

A throaty growl sounded deep in her throat. "Get in here!" she demanded. "Get in here and fuck me right now!" She clawed at my arms like a woman possessed, trying to drag me into the apartment. Instead I took her wrist in a vise like grip and pulled her out into the hallway, forcing her to sit on the carpeted floor against the opposite wall. Christi stared at me wild eyed and dumbfounded as I pulled my t-shirt over my head, and stripped the tight jeans from my body. I never wear underwear so I was stark naked...cock standing like a sentinel...wet with pre-cum. "Mike," she whispered, glancing nervously up and down the hall. "What the hell are you going to....the neighbors.....". There are three other apartments with doors that opened on the same hallway as Christi's.

"Don't worry about them. It's 3:00AM. They're all sound asleep."

The level of Christi's arousal was such that it took over her natural shyness and she climbed to her knees, quickly taking the length of my manhood into her mouth. I could feel her hot breath on my balls as she sucked hungrily, swirling her tongue, using the stud like an artist's brush. Grasping her by the shoulders, I pushed back, and then positioned her onto all fours. Hips arched high, she rested on her elbows, eagerly awaiting my thrust. 

In tantalizing slow motion I slid my well lubricated shaft up and down her ass, teasing at the opening to her honey pot. I reached around with my left hand, fondling her sweaty breasts, pinching and pulling at the granite like buds there. 

"Do you like this?" I growled, as I planted a firm smack on her right butt cheek, leaving a faint, red imprint.

"You know I do!" she hissed through clenched teeth, no longer caring a thing about the neighbors. I delivered two more spanks and then entered her flaming tunnel. "Oh Fuck..Yes!!" she said as my cock split her party popper in two. "Fuck me hard! Baby...pound it in me...Oh Fuckkkk!!"

"Aren't you afraid the neighbors will hear you yelling like that?" I breathed into her ear, ramming into her with long, deep strokes.

"Fuck the neighbors!!! I hope they are watching! Faster baby...faster....I want them all to see you fuck me.... faster!"

I could feel the solid muscles of her cunt begin to clench wildly at my rock hard shaft, squeezing, driving me toward my own climax. A series of high pitched yipping...barking sounds burst from Christi's fevered lips as she began to tremble uncontrollably, her body coiling like a rattle snake at the same time. The delicious sensations of her incredible orgasm flowed from Christi's soul into mine, pushing me over the edge into my own bottomless abyss of pleasure. As my seed exploded into her, a loud, long moan of surrender escaped my lips.

"Yes Baby!!" she screamed, hearing my ecstacy. "Let me hear it! Let me hear it as I cummm!!!" I could only grunt in response as my body strained forward, trying to bury itself in her hot, sticky flesh.

"I'm thereeee Mikey.....I'm....Ahhh...I'mmmm...ohhhhh Fuckkkkkk.....Ahhh!!!" As she thrashed against me, a coyote like howl welled up from the depths of her body, and I rode out her orgasm, holding on like a rodeo cowboy! Then, finally it was over. My sweat drenched body slouched over Christi's still shaking form. She looked back at me over her shoulder, a smoky smile coloring her pretty face. Then suddenly her eyes shot to a place somewhere behind me. My own head snapped around as she continued to stare, open mouthed.

"Tammy...." she said softly, with wonder. The door to the adjacent apartment stood ajar. Framed there was Christi's voluptuous next door neighbor, Tammy....her own nightgown pulled up and tucked around her waist...her body just beginning to grow still. "Tammy...I...I don't know what to say...." began Christi.

Tammy only smiled, letting her powder blue nightgown fall back into place as she withdrew wet, sticky fingers from her own recently satisfied playground. 

"Thank you," she said warmly, and without another word she softly closed her apartment door.

Christi and I looked at each other...speechless! Then as we simultaneously burst out laughing, I helped her to her feet, and we hurried inside. 

"Let's go," she whispered breathlessly, tugging me along toward the bedroom. Maybe mustang boy is still there!"

Hey...that's my girl! Told you she'd forgive me.