 This Earth Day submission falls into a number of categories: Loving Wives, Interracial Love, Romance, Erotic Couplings, and Novels and Novellas, among others. A big thank you to Mistress Lynn for taking of her time to edit this story and make it a much better read.

****

Wow! Where do I begin when talking about Earth Day? When I think about the earth, I visualize that big round ball in the universe shown in the movies or the pictures from our astronauts.

Here on the ground, I think about the Earth Day groups picketing against the coal companies and lumber businesses. It always bothered me because the bottom line was that while men and women were working their asses off to earn a living, a bunch of hopped up, too much time on their hands college kids were busy trying to get these places shut down. 

I want a clean earth as much as the next guy, but sometimes I think they go too far. I do love going through the country looking at the fields of golden grain, or corn stalks as far as the eye can see. What about beautiful places like the Grand Canyon or the Rocky Mountains? I love watching the tides come in from the rivers and oceans. It is always peaceful yet eerie when sitting on a dock as the sun sets.

My name is John Jones and I want to tell you about a childhood sweetheart of mine. To tell you about Aliana, I must go back twenty years ago to when I was a kid of eight years old. 

I come from a middle-income family where my parents both worked. I had one sister Marie who was two years older than I was. We had a decent relationship even though she used to say I always got on her nerves. 

We lived in a rather divided area of town. On one side of the tracks, it was normal housing, but on the other side of the tracks was the projects, for very low or no income families. We still all attended the same school so many of the kids from there were my friends. They couldn't help it that their parents were out of work. My parents brought me up to treat all people the same as long as they treated me right.

Aliana was seven when I first saw her, and a year behind me in school. Most people called her black but I never liked that word. To me, she was a light colored chocolate; she was of mixed race and had the most beautiful green eyes. 

I remember one day on the playground that a couple of white guys were teasing her. It pissed me off and I went over, jumped the biggest one, and started beating the shit out of him. A few seconds later, his buddy jumped on my back. I elbowed him and caught his nose. Blood went everywhere. The teachers showed up and we all got detention for a week.

I got grounded at home even longer by my parents, even though deep down I know that my dad was proud of me. 

It was funny but those guys never teased Aliana again while I was around. I found out she lived in the projects and went to visit her whenever I could. I brought her over to our house and my parents were surprised she was of mixed race. I guess I didn't really have many black friends especially girls. She was so darn cute and nice they had to like her.

We were pals; we didn't spend all our time together but when we did, we always had fun. My parents invited her go to the zoo with us and even once to the beach. As I mentioned, she was my pal. I never thought of her as a girl. 

When I was about ten years old, my parents bought a home in the suburbs. I was really happy in our new house. The only problem was I missed my pal. My dad explained that was how life went. People we cared for would come and go in our life. 

I remember when we said goodbye. Aliana had tears coming down her cheeks and it made me cry. I told her to stop it because I was a guy and we weren't supposed to cry. She leaned forward and kissed me on the lips. I had never ever kissed any girl on the lips. "I'll never forget you John," she said as she ran home.

I was glad that Marie was there to give me a big hug. "Life sucks sometimes little brother," she said.

All of that happened over twenty years ago. 

Life went on and my memories of Aliana were just part of my past. After graduation from high school, I entered the service, where I spent two years overseas. It was rough but I felt I was there for the right reason. 

It wasn't bad in the sexual department either. Some of the ladies had their own way of saying thank you. I've been with women from every race I can think of. When you're a young guy having sex in a strange world, it doesn't matter who's under you. The result would always be the same, one full condom. Some didn't even speak English but 'Oh god" or "Fuck me" sounded the same in every language. Damn, I was one horny bastard back then. 

I moved down to the Miami Florida area after I got out of the service and went to college for a couple of years. I wanted to manage my own business and knew I needed to learn the fundamentals. 

After graduation, I started my business as a tour guide of the Everglades. It's one of the nicest places I have ever been to, tranquil, yet a bit scary because of the alligators and such. Here is how my brochure explains it. 

"The Everglades and the Ten Thousand Islands is a rare and beautiful place. It is one of North America's unsung wild places — a beautiful, rugged, subtropical landscape experienced by a relatively few adventurous souls each year. I know many who appreciate the unique qualities of this wilderness will argue that it is a place better kept secret. Perhaps, in my quest for solitude and a deeply personal communion with nature, I might ordinarily agree. But I also feel that it is a resource important not only for its natural heritage and spiritually enriching powers, but for its commercial and recreational values as well. It's a part of earth that everyone should experience at least once in their lifetime."

The appeal of this nearly untouched wilderness and its plentiful wildlife is what attracted me to the area. I figured the ways to experience it were by boat, airplane, van, airboat, bicycle and even walking tours. Of course, the best would be by boat where you could go deep into the swamp.

Contrary to what the average visitor might expect, the Everglades isn't a huge swamp inhabited only by large snakes and alligators. To me it is a masterpiece of nature's beauty in a mysterious forest containing many forms of wildlife and birds in their natural habitat.

My business took off like a bat out of hell. So many people wanted to tour the Everglades. I owned three boats that were out every morning until it started to become dark. We didn't want to take chances with tourists after dark. Too many alligators, snakes and other swamp creatures were hard to keep track of after nightfall.

Two buddies that were in the service with me were both great friends, and they started working for me after they received their discharges. I also had two great gals in the office that did all of the scheduling.

I did hire a couple of local college students part-time so we could all have time off. I figured that within the year I would be adding at least two if not three more boats. The kind of boats I'm talking about are the kind you see in the movies with the big fans on the back. A lot of the waterways are very shallow and you would ruin your motors if they hit rock bottom or dragged through the sand. 

After working non-stop since leaving the service, going to college, and starting a business, I decided to take some time off and go see my family back in Ohio. My two cohorts, Jim and Bob were very capable of running the business for me. 

I drove so I would have a way of getting around when I got there. It was so good to see my parents. My sister Marie, her husband, and two kids came by for a big cookout, where we talked over old times. 

Marie was a doctor and married one. They had a nice practice in our little town. Dad was still working at the local plant and mom was a full time volunteer. She was a woman who just had to help people. I was ready to oblige her and eat all the homemade meals she made.

One day I was driving through our old neighborhood; it sure changed. Half the buildings were either empty or torn down. The houses looked like drug-infested rattraps. I felt bad. After all, I used to live there and it was part of my early childhood.

After leaving there, I went to visit a few friends from my school days. My old friend Matt was glad to see me. He told me he was recently divorced, blaming it on himself for spending too much time at the bars. His wife left him for another guy. He told me they just got married too early. They both needed to spread their wings.

We decided to go to one of the local bars and have a couple of drinks. 

"John, there is a waitress there that will take your breath away. She's either black or of mixed race and has the most beautiful green eyes."

It made me think back when I was a kid how everyone used to say that about Aliana. Of course, she was just a kid too but I remembered her being my gal pal. Matt asked me why I was smiling and I told him I was just thinking about an old friend.

We went in and found an empty booth. It was then that this beautiful chocolate skinned, green-eyed waitress came to our table. We stared at each other for a few seconds and I saw her mouth open in surprise. I looked at her nametag and it said Aliana.

"John! It's really you; I can't believe you're here, it's so good to see you."

Somehow, she'd recognized me. I quickly stood up and gave her a big hug. 

"Aliana, I can't tell you how many times I thought about you over the last twenty years. How are you? How have you been?" I asked.

"Hey John, do you know her?" asked Matt.

"Oh, I'm sorry. Matt, this is Aliana, my childhood sweetheart. She was my gal pal till my family moved away when I was ten. Aliana, this is my friend Matt. He was my best friend in high school."

They said hello and we ordered a couple of beers.

"I can't believe you know her," said Matt after Aliana left to get our order.

"I hate to tell you John, but you better stay away from her."

"What are you talking about, Matt? She's just an old friend and a great looking one at that."

"Exactly! She's married to DJ, a real mean black dude. He had one guy put in the hospital just for flirting with her. He'd have you killed if he saw the way you hugged her."

"You're crazy man; no guy is going to put me in a hospital for hugging an old friend. What's the DJ stand for anyway?"

"Darrel Johnson, he was locked up a couple of months ago for possession. I think he's due out next month. I'm just saying John, he's bad news."

"She's coming back. We'll talk more about this later. Hello again, beautiful lady," I said to Aliana as she set down our beers.

She smiled and told me how good it was to see me again.

"Aliana, I'll be here for around two weeks. Maybe we could get together and talk about old times?" I asked.

"John, I would love to but I'm married and I'm sure my husband wouldn't approve of me talking to you."

"What? What kind of a husband is he? I'll tell you what. I'll take both of you out for dinner. Surely he wouldn't mind that." I didn't tell her that I knew he was presently locked up.

I could see she was extremely nervous. She kept looking around the bar to make sure no one was watching us. "John, for your own good, please don't pressure me." I could tell she was distressed.

"Aliana, please, you're an old friend. I can see you're scared and not happy. I don't like seeing you this way. Is there anything I can do?" 

"John, I'm afraid of DJ and I don't want to see you get hurt. Please, just stay away from me for your own good." She had tears in her eyes and went straight to the restroom.

"Matt, I can't sit here and do nothing. Tell me all you can about this Darrel Johnson."

Matt told me how DJ was a drug dealer. He was lucky he wasn't sent up for dealing instead of possession, since he was the main man in this area. They just caught him at the wrong time.

I asked how he and Aliana got together and he said he didn't know much other than Aliana had a child a couple of years ago. He didn't believe it was DJ's but really didn't know for sure.

Aliana was a dancer in this lounge but after having her child and marrying DJ, she stopped working. When DJ went to jail, she needed the money and got this waitress job.

Aliana came back to our table one more time. "John, I'm sorry for the way I talked to you. You deserve much better. It's just that DJ has a horrible temper and he doesn't allow me my own friends. It's been so good seeing you again. Please take care." 

As Matt and I got up to leave, I squeezed Aliana's hand and she gave me that beautiful smile. I knew she had problems and I wasn't going to leave without trying to help her.

After dropping off Matt, I went back to the lounge at closing and waited on Aliana. When she walked to her car, I pulled up next to her. 

"John, what are you doing here? You can't be seen with me."

"Listen, I want to talk with you and help you if I can. Please! There is an all night restaurant outside of town. Follow me there and we'll have some coffee and breakfast if you like. I just want to talk with you."

"Oh god, John, you never did listen to me. I shouldn't go but it's been so long since we've talked. Okay, let's have coffee, but it can't be anywhere around here. Just follow me."

She got in her car and we must have driven a good twenty miles before pulling into a small all-night diner. When she got out of the car, I could see she had been crying. I took her in my arms and just held her.

"What is it Aliana, what's the matter? Let's go inside and you can tell me everything."

Once inside, Aliana broke down and told me her story. I sat back and just let her speak, without interrupting, sensing she needed to get it all out. 

"John, I thoroughly screwed up my life. When I was younger, I was foolish. I thought I cared for a man that promised me the world. I got pregnant by him and then he left me before Ashley was born. That's the name of my little girl; Ashley's, my pride and joy. I was scared and wasn't sure what to do, but I went ahead and had my daughter. She means everything to me.

"I was a dancer at one of the local lounges. It was actually one of the better ones to work at. The tips were good and the clientele was mostly businessmen. I dated a couple of them but it never got very serious. That was until I met James; he seemed special. He actually wined and dined me for a few months.

"He worked for his dad who didn't like him dating a mixed race woman. I remember after we broke up he told me his dad always said it's okay to fuck her but never marry her. When I got pregnant, his dad was furious. He told James he would disown him if he married me or accepted my child. I cried so hard after hearing that.

"I told them I would have a DNA done and make him pay. His father laughed and said if that happened he would see that I was considered a whore and he would make sure I never got to see the child again. I didn't know what to do and there was no way I could fight a wealthy man. So I just kept my mouth shut. 

"I wasn't able to work as a dancer after about my third month of pregnancy. Luckily, the manager kept me on as a waitress till my eight month. After that, we had to live on our savings until after Ashley's birth. A couple of weeks later, I was back on the dance floor trying to make enough for a life for Ashley and me. 

"Mom and dad did their best and stood by me. They helped me all they could. When Ashley was about a year old, she got sick and had to go to the hospital for almost a week. The bill ran close to thirty thousand dollars. We had insurance, which covered eighty percent of it, but I was now making payments on the other six thousand dollars. 

"Things were a bit tight when I met DJ. He started coming in to the club and kept coming on to me. He asked me out and I decided to go. He was black and the others were white. I guess the color doesn't make a difference, I just can't pick a good one.

"I hadn't been out with anyone since having Ashley. DJ was nice to both of us in the beginning. I thought I could finally see the light at the end of the tunnel. We could become a family and Ashley would have a father. He asked me to marry him, but soon after the wedding, he changed.

"He made me quit my job. He became jealous and violent to me when I didn't listen to him. I was scared and not sure what to do. I left him one time and he came after me and beat me. He said if I told anyone what really happened he would harm Ashley. I knew he was serious. He'd hurt people before.

"I was so stupid and dumb. God, I've made so many mistakes. After going back with DJ, I asked him if Ashley could live with my parents. I loved her so much but I didn't want her around this man. He told me he didn't want the bastard child around him anyway. 

"I cried when I took her to my parent's home. They knew that DJ was abusive to me and that I brought Ashley to them to save her. My parents kept telling me to leave him. I wanted to so bad, but he told me if I ever left again that not only would he hunt me down but that he would kill my family also. I just couldn't take that chance.

"He told me, 'As long as you obey me and do whatever I tell you, you'll have a good life and your family won't be harmed.' So I do what he tells me to. I thought about shooting him but I'm just not that brave yet. I wouldn't know where to start without getting caught. I would be willing to go to jail to save my family and especially Ashley.

"I get to see her most every day. I go there before going to the lounge. It's been a blessing since he has been locked up. I know it's wrong but I pray daily that someone will take his life while in prison. He's due out next month.

"When I first met him, he told me he was a businessman and had a realty office down in our old neighborhood. I've since found out that it's a front for his drug deals. He has two scumbags that work for him, Terrence and Lance. They have been overseeing his business since he went to jail. 

"They're supposed to be checking on me daily and report anything out of the ordinary to him. So far, they have come in most every evening. They try to get me to have sex with them. In fact, they have said if I didn't that they would make up something and tell DJ. 

"I told them both to get lost. If DJ didn't believe them he would probably do them in. It's been enough for them to leave me alone. They still paw at me and grab my ass when they can. I constantly tell them I'll let DJ know when he gets out. They just laugh. I guess we have each other at a stalemate.

"That's why I was crying John. I want out and away from him but I have no way of doing it. I should have never told you all this stuff. It's just that when we were kids it was like you were my guardian angel. People didn't bother me and I felt safe knowing you were there even though we were just kids."

I listened to Alana speak; my heart went out to her. I wanted to help her in the worst way. All my feelings for her when I was a kid were back. I knew I had to help her, I just didn't know how yet.

I asked her about these two guys who were supposed to be checking up on her. She told me that they said they weren't baby sitters and that they only came by once a day around six o'clock.

The next day being Sunday, they wouldn't be around. She always spent Sunday at her parents so she could be with her daughter. Her parents lived about five miles away from the office and they didn't want to waste their time just to find out if she was there.

After she finished, I paid for our coffee and we left. We stood by her car. She was so damn beautiful. I couldn't help myself as I leaned forward and gave her a soft kiss. God, it felt so good. I pulled back quickly and saw tears in her beautiful green eyes.
