 The sun streamed through the windows as I opened my eyes on that special day last week. I only had a sheet draped across my lithe body as the weather was so warm and I lay there enjoying the fact that I didn't have to go to work today. Today was going to be one of my days, I was due to meet one of my friends for lunch and then I was going out on the town tonight with a group of my girlfriends, but this morning I was going to do some shopping.

I lay there for a little while, occasionally stretching to rid my body of the kinks of sleep. I ran my hands over my pert breasts and found my nipples hard, a shiver ran across my body, as a tingle went straight to my crotch. Continuing to pinch one nipple I allowed my other hand to travel to my pussy, my labia had already started to open a little and my middle finger found my slick wetness.

Oooh, I thought, what better way of starting the day than to have a wank. I gently massaged the area around my little button taking care not to touch it and my lips opened further. I began a circling motion around my clitoris that sent ripples of pleasure running through my body. I pulled my legs up so that my feet were flat on the mattress and opened my legs to give myself better access to my streaming pussy.

The sheet fell away from my legs as I inserted one then two fingers into my opening. I started to finger fuck myself, faster and faster, pushing my hips up to meet the thrusts. Oh, I'm coming, ahh, ahhhh. My climax was approaching like a freight train and as soon as I started to massage my little clitty it sent me over, my cunt spurted my musky juices as I came. I shrieked as I had a powerful come and relaxed back as I caught my breath. I lay still as I enjoyed the post orgasmic glow but soon decided that I should get ready for the day.

Slipping a lightweight wrap around me I headed for the kitchen and filled and turned on the kettle, then I headed for the bathroom. I set the shower to warm and dropping my wrap to the floor, I immersed myself in the fine water droplets. I soaped my body all over paying particular attention to my glowing pussy. Mmm, I need to have a little trim down there I thought. Reaching for my razor I applied some soap to my pubic mound and scrapped the stubble that had grown since I'd last shaved, my pussy was now back to it's pretty best. The lips were clear to see and there was just a tiny triangle of blonde hair above my button, just the way I liked it. After shampooing and conditioning my hair, I rinsed off and stepped from the shower.

Back in the kitchen I turned on the radio and made coffee and toast. I made a mental note of what I wanted to buy this morning. I was going on holiday in a couple of weeks and wanted to pick up a few holiday clothes. Back in my bedroom I decided that I was going to wear one of my light summer dresses and picked out a light blue dress with spaghetti straps, that buttoned up the front. Rummaging around in my undies draw, I decided on a little white G string. I felt so sexy today! 

Drawing the scrap of lace up my legs, I pulled it snug to my still aroused pussy. A white lacy bra followed to cover my peachy tits, they were then hidden by my dress. I left a button at the top and bottom undone, to allow anyone who cared to look, a view of my charms. I put on a little make up, slipped on a pair of low heels and picked up my hand bag. I was ready to shop!

I drove my Ford Ka into town and parked in one of the quieter car parks and started to browse around the shops. I needed a few undies and selected a few thongs, as well as regular briefs. I also bought a Wonderbra, I'm not that big in the boob department and thought it would be fun to give the guys a thrill and enhance my bust. I needed a new swim suit too, so went in to Rogers & Sons, the department store and flicked through the rails. There were two or three that I liked so I took them to the dressing room to try them on.

I gave my bags to the girl at the counter and took the costumes into one of the dressing rooms. One good thing about dressing as I had today was that I only needed to unbutton the dress and then pull the swim suit over my undies. The first two costumes weren't me, a little bit frumpy for my liking. I tried the white costume on last. It was cut high at the thighs and made my legs look so long. The crotch was also narrow and even my narrow G string showed either side of the strip of material. My breasts looked lumpy too because of my bra. 

Now I know that it's not right to try clothes on like undies and swim suits without keeping your knickers on, because of hygiene, but I decided that I was 90% sure of buying this suit so I took the swim suit and my undies off. I then put the swim suit back on to see how it would really look. Wow, my breasts were snugly held in and the crotch of the suit really left little to the imagination. I would have to make sure that I kept myself well trimmed or I'd look like an overstuffed cushion. In fact maybe I should shave my pussy totally. 

I started to peel the costume over my shoulders when I noticed to my horror that the curtain to my dressing room wasn't totally pulled across. Anyone in the shop who looked would be able to see me. In fact there was a man, a very gorgeous man, looking in my direction. Now I had the devil in me. I don't normally do things like this but I was feeling sooo horny today, so I continued to take off my costume pretending not to see him. Standing naked, I faced him and pretended to check the sewing on the costume. He could see me full frontal from where he was standing. I looked up and caught his eye. He looked away, embarrassed to have been caught looking. He looked back and I beckoned to him. I'm sure I saw him swallow hard.

He walked towards the dressing rooms glancing around him as he approached. I beckoned again and he slipped into my changing room. He stood six foot tall, a clear foot taller than me in my bare feet. I looked him up and down, noticing a lump in his tailored slacks, and smiled at him. Reaching out to touch his hard-on he started to say something but I put my finger across my lips to indicate to him to keep quiet. I found the tab of his zip, slowly lowered it, reached in and felt for his hardness. He was massive!

My pussy had started to moisten as soon as I had seen him, now it was flooding. I got on my knees in front of him and unbuttoned his trousers and pulled them and his Calvin's down to his ankles. I could smell his after shave, his hard on poked between the curtains of his shirt tails. I leant forward and tentatively licked the drop of pre-cum from his pee hole, I could smell his masculinity. He groaned inwardly. I lightly ran the tip of my tongue around the ridge of his cock head and then widened my lips to take the end of his cock in my mouth. I slid my mouth down his rigid length and back up again and he put his hands on the back of my head to build a rhythm. I slid my mouth forward again and opened my well-practised throat to accept his full length. Back and forward I moved my head as I allowed this dark stranger to fuck my mouth. I rested my hands on his legs to allow me to remain in control but I was enjoying this raw sex. My pussy was literally dripping on to the well-worn carpet below me. The stranger gently built up his speed until I saw his balls contract and I readied myself for his load of spunk.

One last thrust and his cock jumped in my mouth and released gouts of delicious creamy sticky cum down my throat. I pushed him back and his final drops of sperm splashed onto my breasts. Now that he had finished, he panicked a little and quickly pulled up his pants and trousers, he buttoned himself up and exited the dressing room. I fell back onto my bum and reached for my pulpy wet cunt and viciously frigged at my hard clit, biting on my hand as I had my second powerful orgasm of the day. I decided that it was time that I too left and hurriedly put my clothes back on.

The assistant who had taken my bags, came to the dressing room just as I pulled back the curtain, " You were taking so long I thought I'd check to see if you were okay" she said. "Oh, I, I, I'm fine" I said, "I'll just take the white swim suit please".

She sniffed the air and gave me a funny look. I blushed.

Karen was already in Mario's Wine Bar when I got there just after 1 o'clock, a bottle of Chardonay less a couple of glasses, sat in front of her. "Hi Christie, you're late" she said, enjoying the fact that I was never late, it was always her. "Oh sorry Kazza, I got a little too engrossed in my shopping" I replied contritely.

Pouring me a glass of wine she asked "So, what have you bought?". I showed her my new underwear, a couple of summer dresses, a pair of sandals and lastly my new swimsuit. A whistle came from her lips and her eyes widened "Wow Christie, you're never going to lie on a beach in that surely?".

"Uh huh, you bet" I said cockily. "You'll have to shave or wax your wotsit", she said "or everyone will see what you've got". "Kazza, I shave most of it off already, so what's the problem?" "Mmm, true!" She replied.

We ordered a couple of salads which we polished off, washing it down with the Chardonay. We gossiped and bitched big time about work, friends, in fact just about anyone who came into our firing line. Kazza and I along with two other girl friends, were going out to a couple of pubs then on to a club tonight, so we decided not to order a second bottle. We were sorely tempted, but then I was driving as well, so it was best not to.

As Kazza was staying at my place tonight, we decided to finish off my shopping and then head back to get ready. On the drive back home I told her what had happened in Rogers & Sons which had her in fits of giggles. "Christie, you're insatiable" she said in mock horror and then proceeded to grill me about the sordid details. How big was he? What did he look like? WHAT DID HIS COME TASTE LIKE? She was only jealous!

When we got back to my flat, I opened another bottle of wine and we made ourselves comfortable on my sofa. Karen and I gassed all afternoon about this and that, work, friends, family, my forthcoming holiday, until about 6pm when I decided that it was time that we should start getting ready. I told Karen that she could use the shower first and she got up to go to my bathroom. She wobbled a bit as she stood and giggled. "I think I've had a little too much wine", she said.

I heard her singing as she showered and thought how lucky I was to have her as a friend. She was always there when I needed her, ready to offer a shoulder to cry on. When she had finished she came into the lounge with a towel wrapped around her body and another around her head. "It's all yours" she said. 

I went into the foggy bathroom and stripped off and stepped under the shower. I thought about my day so far, the man in Rogers & Son had left me feeling a little frustrated. I really needed a cock, I hadn't made love for a couple of months and I had an itch that needed scratching. I absent mindedly stroked my pussy, it was slick with my juices. I wondered whether I could find a man tonight.

Going in to my bedroom, Kazza was leaning forward in front of the mirror applying her war paint. The way she stood had allowed her towel to ride up showing me the 'W' of her bottom cheeks. Cute! In the reflection of the mirror, she caught me looking. "Christie, why are you looking at me like that?" she asked. "Like what?" I protested, feeling my cheeks flush a little.

"You're not lezzie are you?" she said as she turned to face me. "N, n, no, I stammered, I was only thinking that you had a cute tush, that's all" She walked towards me and released her towel which slumped to the floor. "I think you're into girls, how delightful" she giggled. I stared at her full breasts, which were rounded off with thick hard nipples. Her triangle of black luxuriant fur, pointed like an arrow to her secret place.

She moved even closer to me and softly held my face in her hands and kissed me on the lips. I blinked with surprise and she kissed me again. One hand reached down to where my towel was tucked in and she pulled. The towel fell, my nipples hardened and my pussy tingled. Kissing me again she slipped her soft tongue into my mouth, I couldn't do anything but respond. I have never slept with another girl before but this felt so right and I needed Karen now.

Pushing me backwards, the backs of my legs touched the bed and Karen gently set me down on the bed. Sitting beside me we continued to kiss and one of her hands cupped my breast and toyed with the nipple. It grew harder as she raked her hand over it and I could feel the dampness between my legs. Pushing me so that I lay on the bed but with my feet still on the carpeted floor, Karen knelt in front of my legs and slowly spread them apart. I was embarrassed to smell my arousal.

"Have you done this before Christie?" She asked. "No, well not with a girl" I said, my voice thick with lust. "Well, let me make sure that you remember and enjoy your first time with girl sex" She said, and lowered her head towards my wet cleft. I could now feel her breath on my thighs as she homed in on my pussy. Her first lick of my slit sent a shock through me and I moaned aloud. "Mmm, spicy" Karen declared and set about sucking and nibbling my increasingly wet cunt. Using her thumbs she opened me to expose my inner lips and swirled them to and fro with her tongue.

My breathing became ragged as she brushed the tip of her tongue over my clitoris. I writhed about as I felt my climax race to catch me, my cunt was now streaming with juice. She then pressed her tongue hard against my button and I screamed. "Oh fuuuuck Kazza, fuck my cunt, ohhh you're fucking my cunt" And I came........ and came. Waves of pleasure coursed through my body as I had one of the best orgasms of my life, my hips mashed my hot pussy into Karen's face. My hands tightly held her head between my thighs as I wanked my cunt against her lips and chin until I was spent. I slumped back on to the bed.

A few minutes passed until I had the strength to look up to see Karen vigorously rubbing her own pussy as she stared at the pulpy mess that she had made of mine. "Aaargh, fuck, fuck, fuck, I'm coming" She swore loudly, as she too got off. I looked at her resting on her haunches gasping for air and burst out laughing. "Hey, what's so funny?" she glared. "You should see your face" I struggled to say.

Karen's freshly applied lipstick had been worked all around her mouth and her face was slick with my girl juice. My bedroom smelled like a brothel. Karen struggled to her feet and looked in the mirror and then turned to face me and theatrically and lasciviously licked my juice from her lips. She too then collapsed in fits of laughter.

Karen and I met the girls in town at 8.30pm at the Dewdrop Inn, one of those new pubs that used to be a bank. What with the high ceilings, and interesting architecture it didn't feel like a regular pub but was very popular with the locals. Gillian, Claire and Betty (Boo) had already been there for 10 minutes and secured a table for us all. Toni (Antoinette) couldn't make it as her boyfriend had got a couple of tickets to a film premiere in London. They were all dressed to the nines!

We polished of two bottles of wine as we caught up on all of the gossip. Claire had finally decided that she was going to change job as she was sick and tired of being taken for granted and thought that she could do a lot better. Boo had met a really nice guy called Tom in the gym and was going on a date with him on the Sunday. 

Gillian was typical Gillian, she had flirted with every new man she had met that week. If they had a bulge in their trousers, she was interested. I wouldn't call her a slut, well maybe, but she was so sweet with it. One of the guys she had flirted with was a new chap at work and she had let him take her home and fuck her on the first night. Another of the guys she had met in the pub and had given him a blow job in the ladies toilet.

I told them all about my encounter in Rogers & Sons to hoots of laughter and looks of disbelief. "Christie, I wouldn't have believed that of you" Gillian said. Boo just stared at me with her mouth wide open, Claire just looked jealous.

At 10pm we made our way to 'Diva's', the second most popular club in the town. We preferred Diva's to 'The Lounge' as the latter seemed to attract lots of spotty youths hoping to get lucky. The Diva crowd seemed to be a bit older. The music pounded as we handed our coats in at the cloakroom, than made our way to one of the four bars. I'd had enough wine, so I had a Bacardi and Coke, the other girls stayed on the wine.

For a Friday, Diva's was quite empty but there was already a good number of people strutting their stuff on the dance floor. We found ourselves a space close-ish to the bar and chatted and watched the dancers. A few guys tried to hit on us but being a group of five I think we were a little intimidating to approach. This is actually a good thing as it makes sure that any wimps and losers don't come near you.

As Boo and I came back from the ladies a cute, tall, blonde guy whistled at us as we passed him. Not surprising really, as I was dressed in a black mini dress with a star burst of glitter over one shoulder. Boo was 'trying' to wear a crop top and mini skirt that showed her sexy flat tummy. We exuded sex.

At 11.30pm the DJ switched to the slow records, which he always does at this time, and barely 30 seconds had passed before the blonde guy asked me if I wished to dance. I was struck by his rugged looks and graciously accepted. On the floor he chastely placed one hand on my shoulder and the other on my hip and introduced himself as Simon.

He made me laugh as he pointed out other people on the floor and joked about their clothes or dance moves. We stayed on the floor for a second record and he drew me a little closer to him. being taller than me, I felt the unmistakably lump of a promising cock on my stomach. I looked up at him and smiled, he blushed. "I, I, I am sorry", he said "It's just that I find you very attractive and I would like to get to know you better". I was charmed by his shyness. Mmm, maybe he would get to know me a little better I thought to myself.

After the dance I grabbed my drink and bag and we found somewhere a little quieter and chatted. Simon was a Marketing Manager at a biscuit manufacturer of all places, not the most sexiest of products but he was very enthusiastic about his job and it obviously paid well judging by the clothes that he was wearing. He was charming, funny, shy, boyish, everything I like in a man. I decided that I may want to sleep with him.

I let Simon take charge and when he stroked my arm as we were talking, a tingle ran up my arm down my body and straight to my pussy. He leaned forward and kissed me gently on the lips and I responded. Probing my mouth with his tongue, my pussy tingled more and my nipples hardened. My mind was made up, Simon was going to share my bed tonight.

I excused myself to go to the toilet and told Kazza and the rest of the girls, that I was taking Simon home and gave her my spare key so that she could get in later. I asked her to give me an hour to get it on with Simon. She giggled. "Somehow I knew you were going to pull tonight" she said and agreed not to get back too early.

When I got back from the loo, Simon looked relieved that I hadn't done a runner. "Would you like to come back to my place for a coffee?" I asked. His eyes shone "Yes, very much!" We found a cab outside the club straight away and ten minutes later I was in the kitchen boiling the kettle. Simon was pacing the lounge apprehensively as I brought in two steaming mugs of Nescafe's finest. I turned on some music and we sat on my sofa and small talked. Simon took my mug and set it down on the coffee table and kissed me. I thrust my tongue into his mouth and our tongues fought a merry duel.
