 Part 1 - The Slow Tease

Christina smiled to herself. Not just any smile, but a truly devious and lust filled smile that only she knew the true origins. She thought back on the way Doc had this uncanny knack of teasing her. His stories and their conversations made her horny and extremely wet. Not that she didn't mind, but damn, it seems those thoughts were coursing through her mind more and more often, and all too often at the most inopportune moments.

She thought back to a recent conversation when Doc teasingly told her to get the dust and cob webs off her sex swing. As well, Doc had been his usual teasing self, keeping her wet and aroused - and distracted. So much so, she thought it time to turn the tables. Yes, it was time for paybacks.

Picking up her cell phone, she dialed Doc knowing it was a time of day he would not have the privacy he would want. That just made the set up even more to her liking. 

"Hi sweetie. You busy? Have time to talk?"

Doc smiled immediately upon hearing her sexy voice.

"Hey sexxxy lady. Always want to talk to you. Have the time, but not all the privacy in the world. What's going on.".

Christina grinned to herself before beginning her well thought out tease.

"Just wanted you to know how wet I am. I am soaking wet in fact. I re-read one of our stories this morning and it just won't leave my mind. Makes me hot just thinking about it."

Doc quickly glanced around to see who might be in earshot before answering, noticing some of his employees just outside his open office door.

"Oh, OK Christina. That's great to know. Wish I could talk about that with you in more detail. But, as I said, I don't have all that much privacy right at the moment." 

Trying to hold back an impulse to giggle, Christina continued.

"Poor baby. That's OK, you just listen and I'll talk. I had to play with myself before I finished the story. I used the Rabbit we discussed, wishing it were your cock. Then I thought of your tongue licking me, sucking my clit and pussy, while your fingers played with my pussy. I was so turned on, I even wanted your fingers in my ass just like you did last time. I couldn't believe you had worked three of your thick fingers in my ass. It was so hot!"

Christina knew the last part would really get to Doc. And from the low moan she heard over the phone, she knew it was working. Christina continued her teasing phone seduction.

"I was a really naughty girl. I wanted you so bad, I had to have something there, and so I slid one of my smaller toys into my ass. I thought I was going to explode. It felt so great. The Rabbit in my pussy was hitting my clit and the other toy in my ass was exciting so many new nerve endings I didn't know were even there. I came so hard. And now I'm still wet and wanting you even more. Do you want me? Is your cock as hard as I hope it would be for me? I wish I could see it right now, feel it, taste it and feel it in me."

Doc was almost whispering as his cock swelled in his pants.

"Oh damn, Christina. You've got me rock hard. I'm afraid to stand up. Damn."

Again Christina had to work hard to keep from giggling before she continued her tease. 

"Oh, and I did as you suggested. I got all the dust and cob webs off the sex swing. I think it might come in handy some time soon. Well, I need to go. Call me later." 

As Christina was about to hang up, she could hear Doc moan into the phone. Her smile only broadened as her mind thought what to do next. She was going to tease him all day - make him ache for her - make him want her so badly he will do anything for her. And THAT is exactly what she wants. This is payback time, and they are both going to enjoy this payback.

Just before noon, Christina called again. And just as before, she knew Doc couldn't speak freely.

"Hi sweetie. I had some time on my hands and thought I'd call to see how your day has gone. Are you still hard for me?"

Just hearing her voice, Doc's cock was already swelling even more than before. Looking around he saw people milling just outside his door. 

"Hey Christina, in answer to your question, you know I am, damn it."

Christina tried not to giggle as her tease continued. 

"Goodie. Don't waste it. I want it all. Want to know where I want it? Do you? Then ask me. But ask me properly." 

The swelling in Doc's cock was getting rather uncomfortable. He had to adjust himself before he answered.

"Baby, you are making me nuts. Where do you want it baby?" 

In her most profound pouting voice, she became insistent.

"No, I said ask me properly. Where do I want WHAT?" 

Doc was obviously aroused, but at a most inopportune time.

"Damn Christina." 

She could hear Doc begin to whisper so others couldn't hear him.

"Where do you want my hard cock baby? 

Continuing her tease, Christina baited him further.

"Not just your cock. Now ask me again and speak up, I can hardly hear you."

Doc answered quietly as he had asked one of his employees close his door - but knowing "the walls had ears".

"Tell me, baby, where do you want your cock and my cum? And where do you want my lips, tongue and fingers?" 

Fighting off her urge to laugh aloud, knowing she had him right where she wanted, she could imagine Doc almost squirming in his chair; thankful the desk hid his swollen cock. She drug out the tease even further.

"Well, that's better. But still hard to hear. Tell you what. Ask me again so I can hear you, and you might just get your wish and fuck my hot ass tonight." 

Speaking as loud as he thought he could while he turned his back away from possible too close ears, Doc again tried his best.

"Damn you've got me so damn worked up. My cock is about to burst through my pants. Where do you want this hard cock of mine? You know it belongs to you. Where do you want my lips, tongue and fingers? They too belong to yo. I am yours, all of me. You had me from day one."

Christina almost cooed her retort. 

"Oh Sweetie, I so want you right now, but we'll have to wait until later. I want to feel that hard cock teasing my pussy. I want to feel it deep inside me. I want to feel it explode in my pussy. Then I want your lips and tongue all over my pussy and clit to clean me up. I want to watch you suck our cum out of me. That is just so hot to watch. And while you do, I want you to tease my ass with your fingers. Work them into my ass and tease me while you lick and suck our cum form my pussy. But don't stop. I want you to eat me until I cum again and again. Keep going until I cum at least 3 times with your fingers fucking my ass as deep as possible. Think you can do that?"

Doc could only moan.

"Oh baby!" 

Christina beamed when she heard Doc moan into the phone. She could picture him so turned on that if she were there she could just touch the tip of his cock with her tongue and he would explode in her mouth. 

"Sweetie, I've kept you long enough. Call me later, about 4:30. Bye sweetie."

Christina didn't wait for an answer. She just smiled and hung up. The word smile doesn't do her current expression justice. It was more like the cat that ate the canary. Only it wasn't a canary she had in mind eating or being eaten.

Christina took a late lunch and rushed home. After letting the dogs out, she drug out her sex swing. With a little effort and her tall stepladder, she was able to secure it nicely to the beam between her dining room and den. Once in place, she adjusted the height of the seat so that it would be right at her pelvis level with Doc laying back in the swing. Quickly, she went to her bedroom and retrieved a scarf that would make a suitable blindfold. As well, she found some leather belts that could do well as restraints for wrists and ankles once she had Doc in the swing. Just to make sure, she also went to the garage and found some soft cotton rope. Thinking back to their previous phone conversation, Doc had said he was hers. Well, tonight Doc was going to be hers all night - he just didn't know to what extent he was going to be hers. Again her smile only broadened even more. 

After getting the dogs back in and glancing around to make sure she had things pretty much laid out, she set the alarm and left for her office again. On the way, she called an old girlfriend. Not just any girlfriend, but one she knew was just as wild and kinky as Christina has become. She called Carrie. Christina explained over the phone she needed some help in picking out some special toys at Priscilla's after work, and asked if she could help her. Christina knew as kinky and wild as this girl was, her answer would be yes. And of course, it was. Carrie tried to get Christina to elaborate over the phone, but Christina put her off until they met at Priscilla's.

About 4:15, Christina wanted to beat Doc to the punch, so she called him.

"Hi sweetie. I know it's not 4:30 yet, but wanted to let you know that tonight is going to be special - really special and extremely HOT! Can you be ready to be picked up at 7pm sharp?"

Doc's answer was immediate.

"You bet. Anything for my sexy lady. So what's so special for tonight?"

Christina knew she had him - hook, line and sinker. So she cut him short to keep his suspense at a heightened state.

"Never you mind. You'll find out soon enough. I will let you know that my girlfriend Carrie will be helping me with part of it. So, be out front and ready at 7pm sharp. See you then sweetie." 

At that, Christina just let him wonder as she hung up. She didn't give Doc a chance to reply. She knew he would be squirming the next few hours. Christina thought her mention of Carrie might get his mind going in an entirely different direction. She could see him thinking this was going to be a female male female threesome. But even more, her sudden ability to have this ability over Doc was invigorating. She was beginning to like being in complete control of the situation.

A few minutes later she was able to get out of the office a little early. Like a flash she was at Priscilla's and went inside. She knew Carrie would recognize her vehicle parked outside and would come in to find her. Christina went back to the toy section and started to look around. She kept in mind toys they both could use - especially toys for Doc's ass that she planned to tease unmercifully tonight. Of course, deep down inside, she knew Doc would probably use the same toys on her ass to tease her at the first opportunity he had. And as well, deep down inside, she wanted him to do just that.

As she continued to look round, a familiar voice almost yelled across the sales floor. It was Carrie. They hugged and exchanged pleasantries. Christina finally began to explain this was new territory for her. She went on to explain that her new lover had mentioned to her that he had a long time desire and fantasy to loose his anal cherry, and that he wanted her to be "The One" to pop his cherry when she was ready. Christina also mentioned she knew Carrie did the girl on guy strap-on thing on a regular basis with her current love interest. As well, Carrie knew other girls, especially Clare, who really got into strap-on fucking guys. Or at least she did the last time they discussed their sex lives over drinks one evening.

Carrie was almost giddy. She told Christina not to worry, she knew exactly what she needed to get. As Carrie's mind went into overdrive, she began with her helpful suggestions. 

"First you need some small toys - say like this one. It is to just tease him and get him excited so his ass begins to loosen for you." 

Carrie then found another toy just a bit larger and longer for the next step in the process. By the time they had went around two aisles, she had picked out vibes and toys including the last one that was about 9 inches long and about 2 and a half to 3 inches in diameter. Carrie cocked an eyebrow as a very wicked smile spread across her face before she inquired more of Christina. 

"So, do you want to really fuck his ass or just play with it and tease him until he can't stand it?"

With a beaming smile Christina almost screamed out her answer.

"Both! But in reverse order."

Both laughed and went to the next aisle. The wall display was filled with various strap-on harnesses and various cock shaped dildos for use with the harnesses. Again her girlfriend helped Christina pick out a corset styled harness so her pussy and ass would remain unfettered. Next she found her idea of perfect cock shaped dildos for the harness. Each one was double headed of sorts. A short bulb shaped end that curved upward to slip into Christina's pussy while the longer cock shaped end would fit through the O-Ring in the harness to be held in place. With that same wicked smile, Carrie began to explain the "ins and outs" of strap-on dildos.

"These styles are best. That way while you fuck his ass, the curve rubs your clit and the pressure of the fucking pushes the bulb shaped end deep into your pussy. It can get you off as much as it gets him off. Plus each of these has multiple cordless vibrators imbedded in them. With a flick of a switch, you both will be rocking and rolling."

Carrie looked with intense scrutiny at the different styles, shapes and sizes on display. Christina just watched as one by one, Carrie picked out what she thought Christina needed. Carrie turned and as she held up each one, she explained further.

"These three should do you quite well. I have all 3 myself. Well, I started with these three but have many others now - most are even bigger than these. The smaller one has a 'business end' that is about 6 inches long and only a little over an inch in diameter. This second one is about 8 and a half inches long and just over 2 inches in diameter. And this big baby is all of 12 inches long and almost 3 inches in diameter. That's a foot of mean fuck meat. Guaranteed to make him squirm and still beg you for it. After you get him broken in with these, he should be ready for someone like Clare and her Big Guns."

The mention of Clare brought even more wicked thoughts rushing through Christina's brain. After giving the situation some thought, she then asked Carrie a surprising question.

"Look, I want this to be really wild tonight - REALLY WICKED! Do you think Clare and any of the other strap-on girls might be able to join us? I know it's kind of short notice. But ...."

Carrie began to bounce up and down in glee and almost squealed her reply.

"Oh my God, Christina. You are such a tart tonight. Hell yes, I am sure at least some can make it. Should they bring their favorites?"

Christina beamed as she answered.

"Yes. I want this deflowering to be really special. And if Clare can make it, tell her "the bigger the better."

A "Well Duh" light bulb wet off in Carrie's head as she remembered the earlier beginnings of their conversation.

"Deflowering? Oh my God. I forgot your lover has a virgin ass? This is going to be so HOT!"

HOT is exactly what Christina wants for tonight. But just to be sure Carrie understood the importance, she once again explained.

"Yes, this is what he said he truly wanted. It is his all time biggest fantasy. He asked me to take his anal cherry when I was ready to go there. He says I am special to him and his cherry is his gift to me. And I want to make it come true for him. As well, I have been teasing him all day, so I know he will be horny enough for anything tonight. And the addition of you, Clare and any other of the girls will guarantee he will NEVER forget the night he lost his cherry! And you can be sure, I will NOT be one to let him forget either as I will remind him OFTEN."

Carrie quickly pulled out her cell phone and began making calls. In no time flat she had at least 4 girls, including Clare, ready to meet them at Christina's house. And they were bringing all their favorites. When Carrie mentioned it was a deflowering of a virgin ass, they each and every one squealed over the phone. Carrie was again bouncing in anticipation as she relayed the good news to Christina.

"It's set then. Clare and three others will help us. There's Phyllis, Mandy, and Jamie. They all like the girl-on-guy strap-on play. And when they heard this was going to be a deflowering of a virgin ass, they all got really excited and promised to make this really special for you and your lover. Especially Clare, she is as wicked as you are. She's bringing her 14" and 16" monsters."

Christina smiled a truly wicked smile and looked down at the assortment the two of them had picked out. She blushed a bit thinking of wearing the harness and strap-on dildos. But that crimson blush was soon replaced by an even broader smile as she thought of her erotic plan. Carrie interrupted her erotic thoughts.

"If he still wants you to continue fucking his ass as part of your regular sex play, and based on what you have shared, I have a feeling he will, then I'll help you pick out the next 2 to 3 to use. Now, for tonight you still need lube, LOTS of lube." 

Carrie became the excited "professor of lube" as she looked at one then the other and so on until she found exactly what they should get. She then explained the details of each lube to Christina. 

"Hmmmm let's see. Get this mint flavored one for the start of your play. If you're as oral as I am, then the mint makes oral anal play more fun. The mint will also add a slight tingle to his ass while you play with him. The tingling mint will further excite his ass and get him to open up quickly for you." 

Carrie continued as she held up the next large pump bottle of goo. 

"Oh, yeah. Then use this unflavored one for continued play. See it has a much thicker consistency and stays really slick for long periods of time. It is really good for larger toys and for the first two dildos we selected. That way you can get him really slick, worked up and spread open for what comes next." 

As Carrie held the last lube bottle, her eyes glanced at the 12-inch dildo in the top of Christina's basket. Taking that dildo in her other hand, she continued her oration on lube.

"Here it is. Get this warming lube when you really want to drive him crazy while you fuck his ass. It is my favorite when I use my bigger strap-ons. The warming lube just intensifies everything for him and will drive him absolutely nuts while you ravage his ass with this big one. He will especially appreciate this warming lube in preparation of Clare's monsters. Plus, they are all water based for easy clean up and no harm to toys." 

The last sentence was added as a little Susie Homemaker remark that caused both girls to giggle. Then Carrie concluded:

"OK Christina that should do it for starters. You do this right and he'll be begging you to fuck his ass on a regular basis. And I mean he will BEG you like clockwork! That is, if that is what you want. Just be careful. If he is into anal as much as I think he is from what you've told me, he'll want to turn the tables on you as well. And you might find yourself begging him to fuck your hot ass."

Christina felt a blush rising up her chest and across her face. Her girlfriend was right. Doc would definitely turn the tables. In fact, she feared she was already there; ready to give him her ass on a regular basis. Doc didn't know, but her teasing statements of earlier in the day were true, not just a tease. She had thought of Doc fucking her ass while she had played with her Rabbit and another toys earlier. She had never cum so hard as when that toy was in her ass. 

And she was afraid she would begin to really enjoy the way he teases her ass. So much so, she also knew she would in fact become addicted to anal play as much as Doc is and would be begging him to fuck her ass on a regular basis as well. And yet, what really embarrassed her was the fact that deep down inside she truly wanted to get to the point that she did beg him to fuck her ass. And now just as badly, she wanted to hear him beg her to fuck his ass.
