 Christine found that she was truly enjoying her new dominant situation which featured her taking control of the lives of her younger sister Susie and her husband Jim, as well as Chris's teaching colleague at the high school, Dorothy. She found that she had been easily able to introduce them to increasingly embarrassing humiliations beyond the usual spankings. 

Since Christine had long realized that she was bi, even back when her late husband Harold had initiated her into kinky stuff, she also was fond of engaging in dominant sex with both Susan and Dorothy, as well as taking advantage of Jim's availability when she felt the need for a male organ in her vagina.

Life in the family house, which Susie and Chris had inherited when their parents perished in a car crash, proceeded apace, as Susie and Jim became more and more subservient to the older sister's desires and moods. Late at night in their marital bed, Jim would admit to Susie that he was turned on by their both submitting to Susie's older sister. He told Susie he would always love her so neither of them should feel compromised by their sexual involvements with Christine.

"I'm actually both surprised and pleased," Susie confessed to her husband. "I never thought we would be so thrilled by allowing Chris to take charge of us the way she has. But I find that when she makes me wear a butt plug, for example, the insertion seems to strike a nerve right in my cunt, darling. It just makes me all the more ready for you to give me a right royal fucking."

Jim grinned and said he never would have expected that he would submit to any woman as he had to Christine. 

"But Suze," he said, "it doesn't challenge my manhood. And the fact that she likes to have sex with me—and with you—makes the whole thing, well, a family affair!"

They both had had some doubts about Dorothy's being included in the ménage. In some ways they felt a bit superior to the single teacher, especially since Christine had emphasized to Dorothy in their presence that her cleanliness needed to be improved.

"I don't think she still bothers to wipe herself after she makes doody," Susie chuckled as she chatted in bed with her husband.

"We're lucky that we don't get on Christine's bad side too much," Jim responded. "Can you imagine what it might be like if she made us lick Dorothy's crusty asshole?"

Susie held her nose and giggled. She tried not to think too hard about such a horrid prospect. Suddenly her mind was filled with a vision of Dorothy's removing a soaked dripping tampon.

***

Meanwhile, Dorothy had a surprise of her own for Christine, as well as Susie and Jim. Her beau, Ken, had proposed to her after making love to her that night in her bedroom, and Dorothy, overwhelmed with love for this delightful, handsome man who seemed enraptured with her, had accepted. She had been quite afraid of having to describe her submissive relationship with Christine to him. 

But Ken had only smiled and said that he understood; after all, he added, he had dated Chris in high school and she had been a hot little number even back then.

The next morning Dorothy reported to Christine at the family home for morning inspection. She ignominiously pulled down her pale blue hicut panties as she lifted her all-too-short plaid pleated skirt and felt still quite juvenile.

Chris glanced at her panties and saw Dorothy had bothered to keep them spotless as well as wipe her crack all the way through thoroughly. She smiled and advised Dorothy she could pull her drawers back up and get ready to go to the high school with Christine.

"There's one more thing, Miss Christine," Dorothy said, with a tremor in her voice. "I wanted you to be the first to know that Ken proposed to me and I have accepted. We plan to be married fairly soon."

Realizing that she might lose her sub rather suddenly, Chris kept her composure and smiled at Dorothy.

"I'm so pleased for you, darling," she said, with true emotion. "I guess you will have to decide whether you wish to remain in any part of this relationship once you are married."

"I guess...I guess, Miss Christine," Dorothy said with a stammer brought on by her fear of incurring her mistress's wrath, "that that will depend on how Ken and I feel once we marry."

After they got into Chris's charming little Jaguar XJ for the ride to the teacher's parking lot at the high school, Chris turned to Dorothy, buckled into the passenger seat, and said, much more sternly, "As your dominant, at least until your wedding, I hope you understand that I intend to exercise certain privileges that go with my position."

Dorothy seemed confused so Chris decided to lay it on her quickly. It was quick thinking on the domme's part, for Chris had remembered that a dominant woman from whom she had learned much of her technique had imparted a key lesson to her.

This lady, and she surely was a lady, had told Christine that dominants frequently had to deal with subs, especially female subs, who would get into hetero relationships, including marriage. Yes, it could break up the dom/sub relationship, but there was one clear compensation traditionally exercised.

Maureen had explained to Chris that in the 17th century, in return for noblemen granting permission for their underlings, known as vassals, to marry, the nobleman was given a very special gift: he would have the opportunity to have sex with the vassal's bride before the marriage would be performed. This privilege was known as the [ital] droit de seigneur [end ital], and forms the basis of the plot of Beaumarchais's play, The Marriage of Figaro, which was itself the source of the story for one of Mozart's most famous operas of the same name.

In the same way, Maureen had explained to Christine, a dominant of either sex should receive the same dispensation from a sub wishing to marry. So Chris proceeded to explain this to Dorothy.

"Dominants traditionally have been given this right, Dorothy," Christine intoned, "so I hope you see that it is most appropriate for you to provide this as a gift to me on this happy occasion."

Dorothy was used to being part of the sexual as well as the disciplinary program at Chris and Susie's house. But to involve her husband-to-be in this ménage seemed to present a problem for her.

"Miss Christine," she responded, "I know I want to obey you, but this seems a bit strange. And I do know that you knew Ken when you both were in high school...."

"Yes, Dorothy," Christine responded, in a warm tone, "I knew Ken and we even went out then. And now he's made a success of himself and I couldn't be happier for you that you will be married to him. But I didn't love him then and I certainly wouldn't be interested in him or in interfering with your relationship now. However, you have enjoyed my dominance and this is part of it. You will also have to decide whether to continue once you are married."

Dorothy relaxed at Chris's assurances and said she would definitely take this up with Ken.

"I hope he is willing to oblige me," Dorothy said, "because for or marriage to work he will need to be aware of these needs of mine."

Christine nodded and felt Dorothy was game.

"Dorothy," she went on, "this will be a true test of your trust—in both Ken and in me. You will not be present but you will have to recognize that this is part of your need to be dominated. How, by the way, do you think Ken feels about any or all of this? I assume you two have discussed it."

"Yes, we have, Miss Christine," Dorothy answered. "Ken was surprised when I described the relationship you and I have, but I think he was very pleased about it. I think, Miss, that he has always been stuck on you and would likely be willing to be submissive to you too."

Chris felt her panties getting wet as she heard that this handsome man to whom she had given short shrift when they both were in high school still harbored strong warm feelings toward her. She looked forward not only to her exercising her privilege as mistress but to dealing with both Dorothy and Ken as a submissive couple.

"We do need to get to school, Dorothy," Chris responded, "but first you will oblige me with some quick personal service."

With that, she flipped up her skirt, pulled down her panties, and lay back on the couch, beckoning Dorothy with her finger to crawl between the mistress's spread legs and apply her tongue to Chris's burning pudendum.

***

That night, after dinner, Ken paid a visit with Dorothy to see Christine. The tall, handsome man smiled as Christine opened the door, dressed in a slightly severe white blouse with grey flannel skirt.

"It's good to see you again, Chris," he said as she invited them both inside.

Christine smiled at Ken and remained quiet but finally said with her own smile, "Ken, I have very nice memories of our times together and I'm so happy for you and Dorothy."

This seemed to put Dorothy at ease and Chris went on to explain a few aspects of the situation to Ken, emphasizing that Dorothy's stats as a sub was something she herself desired and had requested.

Ken remembered that despite taking Chris out in high school several times, he had never managed to get even to first base with her on a date, much less get into her pants.

"I understand from Dorothy that there's a role for me in this little relationship," Ken said without emotion.

"Yes, there is," Christine replied. "Dorothy has agreed as my submissive that I should be given an opportunity to enjoy you for myself as a recognition from her of our relationship. Whether that relationship continues is, of course, is up to her and to you."

"Since it sounds quite pleasurable from my point of view," Ken grinned, "I think I'm up for this. I'll be honest, Chris, that I always liked you a lot even though now you surely appreciate that my heart belongs to my love here."

Dorothy smiled contentedly as she was hoping this would work out so she could continue to have both her mistress and her husband-to-be.

"Very well, Ken," Christine declared, "as you know, your allowing me to enjoy you in an intimate way is a recognition by Dorothy of my position as her domme. After this, of course, you two will be married and will decide if you wish to continue her or your relationship with me."

Christine thought to herself that she would be amazed if Ken, after enjoying her favors, would want to deprive himself of the chance to have more such encounters.

"Are you ready, Dorothy, for this to happen?" Chris asked her sub in a rather patronizing tone.

"I am, Miss Christine," Dorothy said in a little girl voice. "I respect you so much and I think Ken understands that this is part of that."

Chris gave Dorothy a signal that it was time for her to join Susie and Jim while Chris continued with Ken. Dorothy then got up and smiling at Ken, quietly left the room.

"It's been a long time, Ken," Chris said with a broad smile.

"It has, Chris," Ken responded with a happy look. "You never did let me into your panties back then."

Chris colored for a second at his comment, but answered, "No, I was different then. Dorothy has probably told you of my more recent interests that arose from my marriage to my late husband."

Ken sighed and managed to say, "Yes, Chris, I'm so sorry about your loss."

"I feel quite good about everything, Ken, and I'm also very pleased that you are successful," Chris answered. "Can you appreciate what a wonderful woman Dorothy is and why she has felt the need for the kind of relationship she and I share?"

"Dorothy is a fantastic woman whom I adore," Ken said coolly. "So what happens between us now?"

Christine stood and took Ken's hand, leading him out of the front room up the stairs to her own well-appointed bedroom.

When they arrived and Ken was still gaping at the lovely furnishing she had installed in the large room, she began to help him remove his jacket and undo his tie.

He proceeded to unbutton his shirt, take it off, and unbuckle his belt, letting his trousers fall, which exposed a full pair of blue boxer shorts. Ken was not at all shy and slipped off her t-shirt and lowered the boxers, stepping out of them. He finally untied his shoes and slipped them and his dark socks off.

While he was undressing, Chris had unbuttoned her blouse, unzipped her grey flannel skirt, and taken both off, leaving her in a pale blue bra and panties set, with thigh-hi sheer seamed hose and her burgundy pumps.

Ken let out a deep breath as he contemplated her fine figure, accentuated by the clearly fine lingerie.

Chris pointed to the bed and had him lie down on his back. She sat down on the bed and began to use her fingers on his exposed cock and balls. His member quickly grew to stick up straight—it looked to be quite long and full, at least seven inches.

Chris then unhooked her bra, releasing her firm 34Bs and then slid her lovely panties down and off, so that as she climbed over Ken to position herself above him, he was looking right into her red-haired split as it lowered down onto his face and he realized he was expected to start licking her.

Feeling his tongue lave her labia and graze the tip of her now risen clit, Chris began to move her hips and licked her fingers to softly caress his firm protruding tool.

He seemed quite adept at using his tongue on her pussy and she responded by moving her hips hard as she neared an early strong orgasm. Chris was a squirter and Ken enjoyed the sweet juices that now ran into his open mouth as he continued to lick her now-sensitized labia and clit after her orgasm.

Chris managed to move off him and stand next to the bed.

"You have done very nicely. I hope you are not afraid of a bit of discipline, sweetie," she said with a broad grin. "Because then you will get your reward."

She helped Ken grasp his calves and hold them in the air, exposing his white muscular bottom and his hanging scrotal sac.

"We call this diaper position because it can be used to put someone who has been naughty or babyish into a diaper for punishment," Chris said more sternly. "For now, though, you will just feel a bit of my thin cane."

She picked up the implement and laid it across his exposed bottom as he flinched at the touch.

She drew the cane back and flicked it twice quickly with her wrist, applying two stinging but light strokes to his lower bottom, barely avoiding stinging his sensitive scrotum.

Ken blanched and somehow managed to suppress what might have been a scream of pain also accentuated by the surprise of his being castigated for probably the first time ever.

Chris smiled at his ability to withstand the obvious pain she was inflicting and flicked her wrist twice more, applying two crisp strokes further up on his bottom.

This time, Ken let out a small scream and Chris made a face as if to tell him he had better try harder to avoid making noise.

But now she laid the cane again on his already striped bottom and flicked the light implement twice more quickly to make cross strokes on his bottom.

He could not keep from shouting out as the stinging stroke hit the already sore places visited earlier by the kisses of the thin cane.

Chris smiled to him and said he had done well for a neophyte. She reached into her night table's drawer and brought out a tube of cream which she put on her fingertips and softly applied to the tramlines on Ken's bottom.

He groaned and then smiled as he felt the relief to his scorched cheeks.

"Now you will get your reward," she said with a very wide smile. She climbed back atop him on the bed after lowering his legs so he was on his back. Then she carefully positioned herself so her wet pussy was directly over his cock as she lowered herself, facing him onto his tool and slowly allowed it to slide inside her.

Ken now experienced the only slightly reduced intensity of the fire on his buttocks matched by the scorching heat his member was experiencing inside Christine's very wet and tight cunt.

Chris enjoyed the feeling of being filled by his large tool, and she lightly moved her torso up and down so that his cock slipped in and out of her widening opening but was gripped by her inner vaginal muscles when it penetrated fully into her.

Despite being on his back, a position Ken was definitely unused to insofar as screwing was concerned, he felt his pleasure soaring and he knew he would be ready to explode inside her hot tunnel very very soon.

"Chris, darling," he managed to utter, "you are so hot that I think I'm going to cum quite soon."

Christine grinned down at Ken as if to acknowledge her demonstrated ability to excite him beyond any idea he had had upon engaging on what had turned out to be a fantastic hook-up for him.

"Go ahead, sweetie," she chuckled. "I want to feel that spurt right up there inside me. I'll then feel I've done right by Dorothy in experiencing your...efforts."

Ken was surprised to find that her assertiveness turned him on even more and he let go of any control he might have had as his cock surged forth its cream in strong pulsations deep inside her tight and seemingly molten vagina.

"Yes, that's nice," Chris said as she felt the spurts inside her. "I'm very happy for Dorothy and you."

Ken was out of breath as he managed to open his eyes and ask Christine, "I guess I didn't wait for you, did I?"

"No, darling," Chris purred, "you were a bad boy. Should you continue to see me with Dorothy, you would have earned some punishment for that, but right now, you can lick me again, and also enjoy tasting your cum with my...secretions."

It was even more of a shock to Ken when her mention of his being punished did what he might have thought unlikely if not impossible. He was very very hard again, already.

"I see that prospect excites you," Chris grinned. "Let's see if you can get me off."

She raised herself off him, lay next to him on the wide bed, spread her legs, and motioned to him to get between them and plug her needy pussy with his renewed hard cock.

As he followed her lead and plunged his member deep into her still roiling depths, she felt him put his hands under her bottom cheeks. Now she was being held as she loved, in a way that often led to her experiencing truly mind-blowing orgasms. And indeed, he fucked her for no more than a minute or two when she went into heavenly bliss, enjoying a deep, lingering orgasm that stretched her consciousness.

Chris smiled up at her lover as she emerged from her ecstasy. 

"Do I detect possibly some interest on your part of our continuing a relationship once you and Dorothy are legal?" she asked with a sly grin. "I will warn you that if Dorothy hasn't already made it clear to you, I can be a mean bitch of a domme when I'm in the mood."

Ken didn't stop long to think about his answer. It was virtually automatic. 

"Chris, or should I start calling you Miss Christine?" he said with a trace of a smile, but only a trace, "I loved you when I first saw you here in high school and I feel even more in love with you now, not at all in the way I am entranced and passionately thrilled with Dorothy, so, yes, I will submit to any and all of your dominant behaviors and hope that you will accept me."

"I'm delighted to hear that," Chris managed to say calmly as Ken rolled off her and lay next to her, holding her in his arm. "There will be times when you may regret this decision, because do not think for a moment that I intend to get in the way of Dorothy and you enjoying a wonderful marriage. Regard tonight as a special gift to me and for you, too. You will likely be regarding me as a royal bitch on wheels when next we meet. But be assured that there will be pleasure in this for you as well as for Dorothy."

Then she sat up, stood next to the bed, reached into her dresser, and held out a medium-sized pair of pink panties.

"Yes, darling," she said with a new firmness in her tone, "you will be wearing these for me now so that Dorothy can learn that you have made the commitment to serve—both her and me."