 As always, feedback is greatly appreciated. Enjoy. - VH 

****

Karen, Gina and I were all watching Dana and waiting for her to mention Thanksgiving. We had beaten around the bush long enough and now the suspense was just killing us. She could see very well that we were merely picking at our food and only making small talk, while the four of us sat inside the Olive Garden for lunch this past Sunday; yet she made no effort to clue us in on how the dinner went. She just waited until all three of us had folded our arms and refused to talk about anything else.

"Fine. You're just dying to embarrass me right here in public, aren't you?" she asked; staring into her wine glass.

"You know it, Girl!" Gina said without missing a beat. The three of us leaned closer and waited for Dana to continue. She looked as if she were about to die of embarrassment.

"It couldn't have been that bad," I said.

"Julie ... you have no idea." Dana squirmed in her seat and looked away as the young male waiter refilled our ice teas or wine in turn. He smiled at each of us, finding it difficult to focus all of his attention on any one of us older women it seemed. Dana waited until he was out of earshot before continuing; resituating her glasses on the bridge of her nose and leaning forward. 

"It was so awkward. I didn't think it would be, after everything we have done, but it was. The four of us just sat there, trying to talk about everything except what we really wanted to until the night was over and then everyone finally went home." (The four of them being: Dana, her husband Philip and their daughter and son-in-law, Amanda and Justin).

"Oh, you mean sitting here like we have been for the past forty minutes, eh?" Karen piped in. I slapped Karen on the arm playfully and returned my attention to Dana.

"So what happened?" Gina asked.

"Nothing happened," Dana responded in a huff. "Phil's parents were there and my brothers and their wives, and screaming babies and barking dogs, and everything else." She took a sip of her wine and focused her eyes on the last breadstick before continuing. "But Amanda just kept looking at me and her father and grinning; while that boy didn't take his eyes off of me the entire time."

"You mean that 'boy' wasn't even trying to hide the fact that he really likes the idea of spending Christmas with you this year, Hon?" Karen said with a smirk.

"He isn't spending it with me! It could be any one of us!" she hissed. But Dana wasn't truly upset about it, for almost as soon as she finished saying it we all saw her cheeks starting to flush while holding back a sly grin. "He looked like he wanted to eat me alive!"

All of us giggled; a sound not very uncommon for a group of best friends of nearly thirty years and all fast approaching fifty.

"We talked about this before," I said. "We can always tell them it just isn't a good idea, you know."

I felt Gina kick my leg from beside me and I glared at her.

"It's too late now, Girls. The biggest problem isn't that we're including them. It's that I'm afraid that Phil and I might like it way too much," she said very softly.

The rest of us all smiled at that, knowing exactly what she was saying. Since we and our husbands had agreed this past spring to invite Amanda and Justin -- as well as Karen's son and daughter-in-law, Christopher and Brittany -- I don't think any of the eight of us had thought of much else. We needed some young blood thrown in to stir things up a bit. And not one of the "kids" being older than twenty-five was just too perfect.

But, I suppose I should explain before I go any further. 

I have been friends with the "Girls" since we attended State college over twenty-five years ago. In that time, we always kept in touch and never moved more than an hour away from each other even after we married and started raising families. As women tend to do, we talked about everything under the sun. Hence, when more than one of us started feeling that our sex life was at a standstill -- too vanilla is how Gina had put it back then -- we came up with idea of "Christmas amongst Friends."

I won't go into the specifics of how this decision was made because to be honest, it took a couple of years. And we only have been putting it into practice for three years now; this will be the fourth. We just all simply came to that point in our lives -- and marriages -- where we were ready for something new and different. We had enough trust and love in our husbands and each other, that we could actually feel safe in undertaking something of this nature. And the fact that our husbands not only like each other but consider themselves friends as well, only solidified our decision.

Essentially, the four of us couples no longer exchange gifts for Christmas. Now, we exchange spouses instead. 

On Christmas morning we all privately open the little holiday envelope that we receive the night before at an elaborate Christmas Eve dinner. In this envelope is the name of a local pricey hotel -- four different hotels so that no one will run into another couple -- and a key to one of its honeymoon suites. We then say goodbye for the next 36 hours to our Everyday Loves, and race down to the hotel, not having a clue as to who will be waiting for us on the other side of that door.

After our time spent with our "Christmas present" -- of which at least some must be recorded, to prove that we actually participated -- we head back home and do not mention a word of it to anyone until the following week. Then on New Year's Eve, while everyone else is out bringing in the New Year, the four of us couples get together at one of our homes and watch the videos. We laugh and get embarrassed and we tease and of course, we get extremely aroused by everything we see.

And then after that, we don't mention it again. Except to your Everyday Love, you are not permitted to say a word to anyone else about it ever again.

I cannot even begin to describe the rush of pure adrenaline you feel from the moment you get that little envelope in your hand and feel the keycard sliding back in forth inside. It could be any one of my best girlfriend's husbands; or even more electrifying, one of my best girlfriends themselves! I get wet just writing this down and explaining it for you.

That first year, I must say, was one of the most exhilarating experiences in my life! The eight of us ate dinner at Karen and Spencer's house; none of us acting all that much different than any other year when we all got together. That is, until the table was cleared and everyone was sitting in the family room watching the fire and sipping our drinks. It got very quiet all of a sudden and everyone was just looking at each other. 

My husband Doug had his arm around me on the couch, pressing his fingers into my breast secretively, while I had my shoes off and my feet tucked under me as I snuggled into him. The others were in similar romantic poses, with Gina and Gary on the floor by the Christmas tree, lying in a very suggestive spoon position with him behind her stroking her long hair. Dana was on the loveseat with her tiny feet in Phil's lap while he gently massaged them and tried to make a point of not getting too excited -- as we all knew how laid back he was, except for when it came to feet. And Spencer was sitting on the floor right to the side of my husband and me, with his wife Karen sitting behind him on the couch, rubbing his shoulders and neck or kissing the top of his head from time to time.

"Well. I don't know about everyone else, but I'm ready for my present. And like, now!" Gina said, looking at no one in particular. Although I did see her reach back and touch her husband's smoothly shaved head immediately after.

We all laughed nervously and someone shouted over the din, "Way to get things moving, G!"

Karen got up and went back to their home office, returning a few moments later with a small box which she took over to the sofa table. She proceeded to lay out eight identical green envelopes with little red bows on them. All of us girls had examined them when we had arrived; all of us staring at them as if they were too taboo to even be in the same room with. Karen and I had gone and checked in at the four motels in advance and returned with the two sets of keys. And then we placed the keys and a hotel lobby card into each envelope and sealed them before the others arrived, making certain that no distinguishing marks could be seen.

So now, the way this would be done is to have each husband get up first and pick an envelope that he would give to his wife as her gift. I took my envelope from Doug and was surprised to see my hand shaking as I returned it to my lap. He leaned down and kissed me softly on the lips, smiling and winking before settling down in his seat again. Now it was the wives' turn to return the favor. So the four of us went over to the table (Gina actually crawled on all fours in those tight slacks of hers, causing all of our husbands to stare) and grabbed the last of the envelopes before returning them to our men.

Gary just looked me in the eyes the whole time and then leaned on one side to stuff the envelope in his back pocket without even glancing at it. I hurried over to my purse by the door and slid mine into the zipper, all safe and sound while others hid their's away in similar fashion.

Well, after that, the evening was just a dud. None of us could concentrate and after finding ourselves staring off into space and just sipping our drinks for the longest time, we all decided to just head home.

Gary and I couldn't help it. We fucked like rabbits almost the moment we got in the door. It was fast and furious and noisier than I'd remembered us being in months. We took turns whispering the names of our friends in each other's ears as we moved beneath the sheets, laughing softly and sighing as we pictured not our Everyday Love but instead someone entirely new. I came when he whispered, "Spence is going to make you come all over his big cock," right in my ear. He had saved him for last, knowing me so well.

And after I realized he was watching me eagerly through my entire little shameful display, I tossed back at him, "Fucking Gina's tight little ass from behind now!" He tensed up and came so fast it was funny. He immediately apologized and looked down at me for reassurance. And I just smiled back at the face I'd loved for twenty-five years and squeezed him tight inside me. "Just don't forget about my hot little pussy, when you're in Gina's tight little ass...Husband."

Making love helped, because I don't know that I would have been able to sleep at all that night. And the next morning both of us seemed very subdued as we prepared for our little rendezvous. There was a lot of touching but not much talking as we took our showers in turn and then got dressed. We needed the reassurance that both of us were going to be OK with this no matter what.

"Please, don't be too disappointed, Sweetie," my husband said as he watched me spritzing my bare chest and neck with my favorite perfume this time, not his. 

I looked at him in the mirror, understanding perfectly. I did have a secret thing for Spencer for quite some time and he had always been overly flirtatious with me over the years, long before this little Christmas thing had ever been dreamed of.

"There is very little that would disappoint me right now, I think. How about you?" I saw the look in his eyes go distant as he stared off into space with a smile. "I take that back. I think you should be the one worrying about not being disappointed!"

"Me?" he asked.

"Yes, you. I bet Dana and Karen are going through this exact same thing right now too. Gina and that little ass of hers last night. What a display that was!"

"Who says Gina is top of my list? She isn't the only one with a great ass, you know." He smacked my bottom, in only my French cut laced panties that I'd bought special for that day.

"Yes, Dear. You keep telling yourself that why don't you." 

It took me much longer to get dressed than it did Gary, of course. He came back into the master bathroom probably ten times to just talk about things that didn't need to be talked about at all at the moment.

"Gary... Honey. You don't have to wait for me. For all we know, your present is already there wondering where you are."

The look on his face was priceless, as if he hadn't even thought of that. 

"Well, I didn't want to just run off and leave you know... What if your car doesn't start or you slip going down the hill or something? I'd kill myself!"

I walked over and pushed back a loose strand of his hair on the side, the spot where it was turning a sexier gray each and every day.

"You go on now. I'll see you tomorrow, Love." He bent to kiss me on the lips but I turned my face and let him have my cheek instead. "Save it for Gina," I laughed.

There is no point in describing my clothes or the weather or the fact that my heart was pounding to the point of nauseam the closer I got to the Hilton, my ultimate destination. The lobby was deserted, with only one bored attendant behind the desk who didn't even look up as I made my way to the elevator. Stepping off on the 12th floor, I fingered the key-card that I had been gripping so hard that it was forging a crease in my fist.

Here goes nothing, I thought.

The room was still dark. I breathed a sigh of relief and went inside. It was a marvelous suite, with a tub that could easily fit six people; with two large shower heads angling toward the center from either side. There was mini bar and a king sized bed; a small sofa as well. I placed my purse on the sofa and then went back to hang up my coat and waited for my "present" to arrive. 

It was going on 10:00 and I had been there for about ten minutes before I started to get antsy. I wondered what the other girls were doing. Wondering how they looked and what my present would want to see. On a whim, I hurried into the bathroom with the sexy long gown that I had bought and frantically changed into it before fixing my hair and face one last time and then heading back to the lounge chair in the corner. From this point, I could not see the door, which in fact would only heighten my senses when I did hear my present arrive.

It was scarcely five minutes later when I heard the door open gently, and then the loudest bump as something knocked hard against the wall. My heart was already pounding, but hearing a noise like that made me sit bolt upright and try to peer around the corner.

And that is what Gina's husband Gary, saw as he made his way to the center of the room and smiled at me from ear to ear. I burst out laughing I was so nervous, feeling my cheeks flush suddenly. 

"I can't believe it's you!" I said, turning away from him and grinning. 

"Yea, don't we both win the jackpot!" he said; his eyes sparkling.

Gary looked at me in that long silk gown, with a slit almost to my left hip, showing off what my husband said were the best set of legs he'd ever seen. And he made no effort to hide his pleasure in seeing me sitting there just like that, perched on the edge of the chair with my breasts barely confined and my left leg naked to the hip. There was certainly no look of disappointment in those eyes.

"Wow, Jules ... you look fantastic!"

I smiled nervously and just looked up at him standing there ten feet away from me. He was the only one that ever called me "Jules" and though it had been just a tease before that day, it suddenly made me feel that much more endeared to him. For his part, he looked like something out of a movie. And I mean a James Bond movie. 

I had tried to dislike him years ago, partly because he was so good-looking and he was younger than the rest of us by seven or eight years. He was very athletic, and while none of us thought he was necessarily vain, he cared about the way he looked more than the rest of our husbands and so that didn't set well all the time. But then Gina was the same way. She was definitely the sexiest of the group, always going to the gym and eating healthy. It made us all positively sick! So it was no surprise that she had waited until 32 to marry a man only 25 at the time. None of us thought it would work, but then there they were thirteen years later and just as in love as the rest of us. 

He was dressed in a black tuxedo of all things, with a crisp white shirt and his bowtie undone and hanging loosely around his neck. His black shoes were impeccably shined. As I mentioned before, his head was shaved, but somehow that just made his dark brown eyes even that much more prominent. He was very sexy, despite what I wanted to say about him. The thought that he was mine until we checked out the next morning made me tingle in very important spots.

He held out his hand as he came over to me, so I reached up nervously, still shying away as he looked down at my cleavage and made me turn before him. My ears burned and my pulse raced when he leaned down and kissed me gently on the cheek, holding his lips there for a good three or four moments and inhaling my scent.

"Beautiful," he whispered in my ear, before standing straight and just holding my hands in his.

"Now, let's see you do that little turn now too," I said. I was trying to sound bold, but it came out very weak mind you, almost pleading.

Gary smiled again and then slipped his jacket off, laying it neatly on one of the chairs and then slowly turned around in front of me. He had a very, very nice ass.

"Yum," I whispered.

He looked down at me and winked before taking my hand again.

"Well, Jules, you have any ideas of what we should do first?"

I thought for a moment, wondering if I should just be so bold as to say what I wanted. I decide, yes. "Well, it's kind of early for all that, but if you insist!" I laughed, sitting on the bed and then laying back with my arms stretched above my head seductively and legs kicking out in front of me. I loved the expression on his face as he looked down at me just laying there for him, while he pulled off his bow tie and tossed it to the chair to his left.

He bent down and without taking his eyes away from mine; he lifted my left leg and brought my foot all the way to the center of his chest where he started rubbing it gently but firmly. My leg was completely bare and had he glanced down he would certainly have seen the crotch of my panties clearly visible and possibly even wet, but he was a gentleman and instead just watched my face as he continued rubbing my foot.

"I have a better idea," he said, letting my foot fall gently to the floor.

"A better idea than what?" I asked, smiling with uncertainty.

Gary winked and then walked back over by the door. He emerged a moment later with the items that had obviously made all that ruckus when coming in. It was a folded up table and a large duffel bag.

"Is that what I think it is?" I sat up and looked at him unfolding the table in the roomiest part of the room, halfway between the large tub and the bed I was sitting upon.

"I'm not a professional or anything, but I've been learning for quite some time now." He looked back at me and smiled devilishly. "Been told I'm very good too, by the way."

I watched him curiously for the next few minutes as he laid a sheet over the table and then started retrieving small bottles of oil from the bag.

"Hmm, let's see..." he said holding up a bottle and looking over his shoulder at me. "Kukui nut?" I frowned and he quickly nodded his head in agreement. "Soothing Heat?" I smiled and raised my brows, but he just looked me up and down from head to toe before shaking his head again. He then rummaged through the bag a few moments and then I heard him sigh. "Patchouli Lime. You look like a Patchouli Lime to me."
