 Kelly walked into the mall near her dorm and waited for the doors to close behind her, shutting out the biting wind. She wrinkled her nose at the slushy mess just inside the doors and tried to avoid getting her boots soaked.

The mall was getting ready to close, so the crowd was rushing against her as she walked deeper inside. She got disapproving glares from mothers with young children, and lustful stares from their husbands. She took off her coat in front of one couple, stretching her thin sweater tighter over her full breasts. The weather had made her nipples hard, and her sweater did nothing to cover them. The man fell slightly behind his date so she didn't see him lick his lips, or her squeeze her breast when she walked past. Kelly adjusted her skirt, the tight denim falling just below the swell of her ass. The man reached to squeeze his hardening cock, and then hurried past to catch his girlfriend.

When Kelly rounded the corner, she saw the thinning line of children waiting to sit on Santa's lap. She stopped at the beginning of the line and noticed the teenager dressed as an elf staring at her tits. She leaned over to "fix" her boots and gave him a clear view of her nipples. He let out a low moan, and when she caught his eyes he began to blush furiously.

Kelly walked over and pressed close to him then whispered, "So, you're Santa's helper, huh?" He managed a nod and squeaked out a "yes".

"Well then, just maybe you'll get help him tonight." The young man finally managed eye contact and asked her what she meant. Kelly pressed her hip into his crotch and felt his dick throbbing against her. She smiled and said "Stick around kid, you'll figure it out soon enough."

She looked over to find the line for Santa gone and the last child in his lap. The kid's mother was watching Kelly's display, but Santa and the child were oblivious.

When the last of the shoppers left Kelly told the boy to ask Santa if he had time for one more visitor, when he whispered it in to Santa's ear and gestured towards her, Santa's eyes rose to her face then quickly fell down to her body. Santa nodded, and smiled at her when he said "of course".

Kelly began walking down the candy-cane lined path to Santa's chair, taking hard steps to make her firm tits bounce with each step. When she got to the young man she said, "Don't stray to far, you never know what kind of chore Santa may need you to do." He looked confused but stopped at his post instead of leaving the mall.

"Hello Santa, having a good night?" Kelly asked with a grin.

"Oh, yes. Of course my dear, what can Santa do for you?"

"Well," Kelly said slyly as she reached up and tweaked her nipple, "I was hoping I could sit down on you lap and tell you what I want you to bring me for Christmas."

"Sure, sure! That's what I do here. Sit right down, and tell me what you have in mind."

Kelly sat down side-ways with her legs across his lap, and turned her upper body so that her breasts were nearly level with his mouth. She leaned in close and said, "For Christmas, I want you to bring me."

Santa wrinkled his brow and said "What? Bring you what?"

She smiled and pressed in closer, "I want you to bring me. And I want it hard."

Santa frowned, "Well dear, there is a problem with that. You have been a very naughty girl, and I just don't know if you deserve that or not."

Kelly stuck out her lip in a pout, "Well then, I'll just have to show you I do deserve it. How about you let me suck on your candy-cane, then I think you'll change you mind."

She slid off his lap and sat in the floor with her long legs folded under her. She pressed her hands into his knees, spreading them apart. Then slowly ran her hands up his inner thighs, stopping at the brown belt he wore, undoing the heavy brass buckle. 

When she ran her hand over his already hard cock he groaned, pushing it against her hand. He lifted himself out of his chair so Kelly could slip his pants off, and down to his ankles.

His dick was standing straight up, reaching just past his navel. She took it into her hand, and leaned in to rub his smooth shaft against her cheek. Kelly rolled her eyes up to look at his face to find his eyes closed and mouth slightly open. She flicked out her tongue to lick the bead of precum off the tip of his cock. Santa drew in a quick breath, and she took that as her cue to slide her lips over his thick head.

Kelly slowly swirled her tongue around the head, then slid down his length a few inches. She slipped his dick out of her mouth with a pop and glanced up to find him staring at her.

Santa slipped a white-gloved hand behind her head and grabbed a fistful of silky blond hair. "Well, well! You are a naughty little girl aren't you? But, you're getting closer to your wish."

Kelly barely had time for a smile before he shoved her head down, and forced her to swallow his cock whole. Her only option was to keep her mouth as wide as she could, to allow for his girth. She gagged when he hit the back of her throat, and her eyes widened when he pushed her head forward until her nose was pressed against him. Santa was slowly working his length in and out of her mouth, making her take him to the hilt each time. Then, he grabbed her hair a little tighter and built up speed until he was fucking her mouth as fast and hard as he could. Kelly had tears streaming down her face when he finally pulled his cock out.

Santa smiled as he took his cock into his fist and began pumping it. "Now, let us see if we can't get you that gift you've been waiting for?"

He pulled Kelly to her feet and turned her so her back was to him. Santa slid his hands up her toned thighs pushing her skirt above her waist. He let out his breath in a hiss when he saw her firm apple shaped ass. He slapped a gloved hand across it causing Kelly to jump and let out a whimper.

"No panties? Such a whore deserves coal in her stocking!" He finished his sentence with a hearty "Ho ho ho!"

Santa slipped his fingers between her legs, and Kelly let out a moan when his fingers brushed her lips. He ran his fingers down her slit, playing in her pussy juices. Suddenly he stood pressing his dick against her ass, the reached around and grabbed a breast.

"Now, you've gotten my gloves all wet!" Shoving his fingers into her mouth he said, "Suck them clean, your present is waiting."

After Kelly sucked his fingers Santa pulled off his gloves, then slid warm hands under Kelly's sweater. She shivered when soft fingers grazed her nipples, and then gasped as strong hands kneaded her breasts.

Santa pulled her sweater over her head, and then sat back into his chair.

"Bend over" he said gruffly.

When she did, he ran his hands over her smooth ass cheeks then smacked the left cheek hard enough to throw her off balance. When Kelly regained herself she began to sit, intending to impale herself with his cock, but Santa slapped the right cheek now and said, "You'll do as I say! Now stay bent over."

Santa placed his hands on either cheek, and then spread them apart. He ran a quick line from her clit to her asshole, causing her to let out a yell. He pulled back on her hips, burying his face in her pussy. Santa let his hot breath out slowly, causing a shiver to run up her spine. He unhurriedly ran his tongue around the edge of her pussy-hole, slowly circling closer. He dipped the tip of his tongue into her, tasting her excitement, he groaned deep in his throat and shoved his tongue into her cunt. Santa lapped up her juices, Kelly moaned and wiggled trying to push him into her further. "More!" she cried out when he flicked his tongue across her clit, "Please Santa, give me my gift. I can't wait any longer!"

Santa pulled away, his beard soaked with her fluids; he ran a hand through it then sucked his fingers dry.

"You think you're ready for your gift now? Then I'll sure as hell give it to you!" When he pulled her back so she was above his dick, she lifted her eyes and gasped at what she saw.

Whom she originally saw as a boy in an elf suit was now a young man, with his throbbing cock in his hand. His shy eyes had been replaced with dark eyes filled with lust, and the undeniable gleam of sex. When she caught his eye this time, he gave a wry grin and she saw his arm flex as he squeezed his dick harder while he stroked it.

Santa lowered her down so that the hot spongy tip of his dick was pressed against her opening, she gasped when he pushed his thick head through. Then Kelly cried out as he slammed her down onto his lap, making her take every inch of him in one instant. She whimpered and moaned as she rode his shaft.

Santa dug his fingers into her ass, "Giddy up Vixen, Mrs. Clause can fuck me harder than this!"

He pulled her down while flexing his hips up, driving his cock against her cervix again and again.

Kelly clawed his thighs and shook her head screaming, "No, no! It's too much! I can't take it all!"

Santa pulled her off and spun her around, "I saw you looking at the boy, you want him too don't you?!"

He pulled the tip of her breast into his mouth, unable to take all of her globe, he sucked hard on her nipple bringing a cry from her lips.

"I wanna watch him pound all that into you." He gestured with his eyes behind her, she turned to see the young man standing there. Kelly drew in a shaky breath, now that she could see him up close.

His dick was slick with his precum, his hand slid up and down his length. The boy's strong hand wrapped snugly around his cock, and even though he squeezed it tightly, his fingers still didn't meet by nearly an inch.

"Alright son, this tight little pussy is yours for the moment. But don't cum yet, I've got something planned." Santa said as he pushed Kelly into him, forcing his dick against her belly.

"Take off that skirt," the once shy boy demanded, "I want to see all of you at once. And then get down on your hands and knees!"

Kelly stepped out of her skirt and turned to look back at Santa.

He gave her a grin with his dick in his hand."Well dear, are you going to keep my helper waiting? Do as he says, you'll have me again soon enough, perhaps sooner than you'll like!"

She got down on the floor giving Santa a nice view of her smooth, round ass.

The boy kneeled down behind her and slapped his cock across her cheeks, Kelly jumped forward with surprise. The boy grabbed her hips to pull her back, he slapped one ass cheek then the other.

"You don't fucking move, you little tease. I'm 19 years old damn it, you're going pay tonight for treating me like a child!"

He rubbed the head of his penis along her slit, until her juices were running along his cock. The boy pushed the tip against her hole, having to force his girth into her. He had barely got past his head when she cried out and pulled forward, causing his dick to slip out.

This time he slapped her ass harder, and leaned close to her with his chest flat on her back. 

"I said you don't fucking move," he whispered "you can't even handle some little boy's cock? What the hell did you come in here dressed like that for, if you didn't want your brains fucked out? I'm going to break your pussy in two!"

He slid into her again, then pushed deeper, inch by inch, until he was buried in her. His dick was no match in length for Santa's near 11 inches, but his thickness made up for it and then some.

The boy stayed still in her waiting for her to recover, when she started to whimper and wiggle her ass.

"Oh! Now you're ready to be fucked? You don't know what you're asking for!" He finished the sentence with a squeeze to her breast.

He started slowly pumping into her, while she groaned with each stroke. Then he really started fucking her, his hips making a clapping sound against her ass cheeks. When she started moaning he stuck two fingers into her mouth, and she greedily began sucking on them.

The boy slowly pulled his dick out until only the fat head was left in her pussy, he pulled his fingers out of her mouth and started rubbing her spit on her asshole. When his finger ran around the puckered ring Kelly let out a sharp "Oh!"

He slowly started pumping his dick in and out again, only pushing his head in a few inches, while his finger pushed into her tight ass. When he could fit both fingers in her, he started to fuck her asshole, his cock still only sliding in deep enough to rub over the spongy node of pleasure inside her.

It wasn't long before Kelly was panting heavily, and moaning loudly. But when she screamed, "Oh! Yes, god, that's it! I'm gonna cum!" Santa stood and said, "Enough, pull out of her now!"

Kelly collapsed on the floor saying "No, oh, I was so close!"

Santa told the boy, "Pick her up, and bring her here."

The boy carried her over and stood her up in front of Santa, while Santa spoke to her, the boy was rubbing his dick against her asshole.

"You liked his fingers in your ass didn't you? You're such a dirty girl! Well, turn around and straddle my legs, and then you'll see what I have in store for you!

He placed a hand on her hip to guide her down; when he stopped her Santa started rubbing his cock against her asshole, then pressed it firmly against it.

Kelly stiffened and said, "No, it won't fit in there! You can't!"

But Santa's reply was, "Oh, it will fit! The question is: will you be able to take it?"

He dipped his dick into her pussy to get it wet, then pressed it against her tight ring again. Santa ever-so-slowly forced his way in, Kelly panting and grunting with every breath. Finally she was sitting in his lap, his dick deep in her, and Santa told her to lean back against him.

He pulled her legs up to form a "V" and told the boy "Her ass is mine, but you can have her pussy."

The boy got down on his knees, intending to eat her cunt, but instead ran a thick tongue over Santa's balls. He pulled his huge sack into his mouth and Santa said, "I see, you're on the naughty list too!" The young man let his balls fall out with a pop, and then he ran his tongue up his dick, along Kelly's slit, then around her clit.

Her clit was fully engorged, sticking out from under its hood. He sucked slowly on it, while Santa began slowly pumping in and out of her ass. Suddenly he stood, leaning over her he smiled down, then he guided his cock to her hole and shoved it into her in one long stroke.

While the boy was deep inside her, Santa had all but pulled out. When Santa worked his way back in, the boy slipped his dick back out. The two men got in rhythm and started gaining speed, it was then that Kelly started screaming out.

She could feel the orgasm building, something in her belly getting tight, her clit, her lips, every part of her sex tingling. She was fast approaching the wall, she just needed that perfect touch to send her over it head-first.

Santa was deep in her when he felt her ass clench up, he couldn't hold back any longer, shooting his fiery, hot load deep in her ass.

When she felt his cum jetting into her, the orgasm broke through, sending her shaking, screaming, and clawing anything she could get a hold of.

The orgasm caused her pussy to start squeezing and releasing the boys cock with-out abandon. He only lasted a few more strokes before his own dick exploded deep in her.

The boy stayed inside her, propping himself up against Santa's chair, while he caught his breath. He slowly slipped his dick out of her, and it made a satisfyingly wet sound as it came out. She shivered when he pulled out, as his cum seeped out of her and ran down Santa's cock.

Santa picked her up until he was out of her, and then forced her to her weak legs. He slapped her ass once and said, "Well dear, did you like your gift?"

"Oh, yes Santa. It was so much better than I had hoped for!"

"Well then, put your clothes back on, then I must be on my way. It is nearly Christmas you know!" 

Kelly bent slowly to put her skirt back on, then pulled her sweater over her breasts.

"You know," Santa said, "if you're a good girl between now and Christmas, there just might be another present for you on Christmas Eve."

Kelly spun around to see Santa gone from his chair, and nowhere to be seen.