 In addition to the normal Christmas gifts my wife and I exchanged I also made some coupons that she could redeem for oral sex. I took my time and made four professional looking gifts certificates on my computer and put them under the tree for Christmas morning.

Now oral sex is something I am willing to do, and that I love doing. But I thought that the coupons that she could use at any time or place she wanted might lead to the act taking place at an unusual time or place, or would add some excitement and naughtiness to an otherwise normal night.

When Karen opened the envelope she smiled, it was an evil looking but a very excited smile. At the time I didn’t think much of it, I just assumed she was looking forward to using one.

It was 3 nights later that she redeemed her first one. We were in our bed and like I do 95% of the time when we make love I had brought her to her first orgasm with my tongue. It started much like the usual. I began by sucking on her breasts till she got good and excited. Then she pushed my head down between her legs, spreads them nice and wide and pushes my face into her hot bald pussy.

The moment I felt the heat I become even more excited and when my nose became covered in her juices I couldn’t help but kick my tongue in to overdrive. I began sucking her clit into my lips as I flicked it rapidly with my tongue. Sucking her clit in and out of my mouth as my tongue worked its magic always gets her off.

When she got close, she pushed my head away and rolled me onto my back so she could sit on my face. She always likes to cum this way since she can ride and hump my face easier.

It was fine with me; I love having my entire face in her wet pussy. She was flooding my mouth and my face was covered in her juices. Occasionally she would rise up a little bit and move her entire pussy all over my face just to coat me with her juices.

She began cumming, and her thighs tightened against my head, holding my tongue in just the right spot as she got off. When the last spasm of her orgasm had subsided she simply climbed down my body and easily slid my hard cock into her soaking wet pussy.

I love it when she rides me like this, I can always last longer too. She was slowly riding up and down on my dick and rubbing her tits. I would occasionally rise up and she would feed me her nipples as she continued to ride me.

Suddenly she pushed me back down on my back and leaned over my head reaching for something on the headboard. I was wondering what she was doing, but when your dick is buried deep in pussy while it is sliding up and down, you really don’t think about it very long.

Then she raised back up and was sitting on me normally and in her hands was one of the certificates I had given her for Christmas, she was waiving it around in the air in a teasing manner.

“What are you doing with that?” I asked her. I am about to redeem it she told me. Now immediately I knew what she meant. She was still riding me and I was getting close to cumming. She was going to use it after I had cum, inside her!

“But you cant use it when your full of cum” I told her. She then looked over the certificate, “lets see, it says here can be redeemed at holders request, it doesn’t not valid if she is full of cum”

She had tried a couple of years ago to get me to go down on her after I had cum, but I always refused. Now I was in a position where I couldn’t refuse. I couldn’t welch on a gift. Though the thought crossed my mind.

Then she started riding me faster and faster, with each thrust she was taunting me saying “gonna eat cum, gonna eat cum” I tired to avoid cumming but that was beyond my control. Finally I started cumming hard. With each thrust I was wishing I could stop cumming so there at least would not be so much for me to have to eat. But instead I just kept squirting and squirting. She stopped riding me and just sat on my dick till I started to get soft. 

As I got soft and started slipping out of her pussy, she put a finger down to her leaking cunt and got some of my cum on her finger. Then she put it in her mouth and sucked it off and said”Umm, your going to love this, will maybe you wont, but I sure will”

Then she handed me the certificate and climbed up towards my face. “Look at it” she told me as she hovered over my face. “Please don’t make me do this,” I begged of her. She didn’t answer me, but she sat her cum filled pussy right on my mouth.

“Just start sucking, suck all that nasty cum out of my sloppy cunt,” She said. She was so tickled with herself; I could hear her chuckling as I swallowed our combined juices. “That’s right, lick that cum up you cum sucker” I wasn’t sure what was worse, what I was doing or listening to her taunt me about it. 

And just think, I have 3 more of these certificates to use too. Then she rose up off my face and kept her pussy just about an inch from my mouth. “Stick you tongue out as far as you can, she told me. Then she took both hands and spread her cunt lips as far apart as she could and told me to stick it in her pussy as far as I could. More and more cum kept oozing out as I licked her pussy. She loved every second of my humiliation too. Plus she was getting her pussy eaten again as well.

I hadn’t even realized it, but my dick was getting hard again. Karen noticed before I did and started teasing me about it. “Uh oh, looks like someone likes eating his cum” she said as she grabbed my half hard dick. 

I think I may have to use one more of my coupons before I go to sleep. She was jacking me off nice and slow making me harder and hornier. “Want to east some more cum?” she asked me. Funny how you will agree to just about anything when your dick is hard and being rubbed by a sexy woman.

She kept on jacking me off until I was close to letting loose. When she sensed I was getting close she climbed on top of me, slid my dick into her. It only took about 3 strokes till I burst loose my second load. As soon as the first spurt came out she slid off me, grabbed my dick and finished me off with her hand aiming all my cum all over her bald pussy.

“I know you like to see what you are eating,” she told me. Her pussy was covered in my cum, then she gave me another certificate and told me to go to work. Her pussy was so sloppy, and least when I had shot the load inside her I was able to get most of the cum in my mouth, but now my entire face was covered in cum.

It wasn’t long till I got her off again; as I ate her I was thinking that this was not as bad as I had always thought it would be. I knew she was enjoying it, and I was getting a great idea of what to give her for Valentines Day.

* * * * *

If you would like I will send you some of the coupons which you can use yourself. Just E-mail me