 Patrick glanced up and smiled as he heard Aisling walk through the front door, shaking snow from her hair and boots. After she stripped her wet clothes off, she darted into the living room to grab a blanket from the couch. 

She wrapped it tightly around her cool damp body and moved into the den where she could hear Patrick's fingers flying over the keyboard. She greeted her boyfriend with a smile and laid down on the daybed near the fireplace. 

"Hey you" She sighed, snuggling into the warmth. "What have you been doing this week?"

Patrick smiled over his shoulder at her and replied, "Editing my favorite author's newest manuscript. She'll kill me if I don't have it done by New Years." Winking at his girl, he turned back to the computer. "What's going on down at the bookshop?"

"Nothing really new. Evie stopped in. That woman drives me insane! She asked me eleven times if the new novel was finished! I think she does this to torture me!" Aisling sighed, the warmth of their vacation home seeping deep into her bones. 

Patrick hit save and moved to sit beside Aisling, pushing a damp cinnamon curl from her forehead. "That's not unlikely! She is your agent. Personally, I think she hates you deep down, and wishes to secure your soul, keeping it in a little glass jar on her mantle."

Aisling laughed. "That almost makes sense! She is a minister, so I'm pretty sure she's not trying to steal my soul, but she expels all of her repressed evil on poor sweet innocent little me." Aisling's voice became childish at the end of her rant and Patrick threw his head back and laughed.

"But, baby, she's not the only one - I repress all of my evil tendencies and only let them out for you." Patrick lifted her fingers to his mouth and nipped at them suggestively.

Aisling grinned. "Are those evil tendencies?"

"Yes. Of course they are. They're just the good kind of evil." Patrick sucked a finger into his mouth, swirling his tongue and nipping with his teeth. Aisling gasped and stretched her body, letting the blanket slide away from her skin.

"Of course. I should have known, the good kind of evil," Aisling laughed and gasped as Patrick hummed, sending vibrations through her finger to spread throughout the rest of her body.

Patrick crawled onto the edge of the day bed, "I'm going to be really evil to you here in a minute," slipping his fingers over her warm skin, tracing the pulse at her throat.

Aisling snickered, "If that's evil... than what do you call what I do to you?" She fluttered her eyelashes innocently, running her fingers over his jeans to stroke his hardening cock.

"Heaven," Patrick whispered, crawling over her, to snuggle up behind her, pressing his cock firmly against her ass. 

Aisling laughed softly, "Aren't you supposed to be editing your newest favorite book? What would Santa say?" Aisling arched into him, craning her neck to nip at his jaw and rolling her hips teasingly against his hard cock.

"The old man would probably agree with me that making love to you is more important. And I was working, until my favorite author started running through the cabin wearing only a ratty blanket." Patrick slid his fingers over an extended nipple, pinching and rolling it between his thumb and forefinger.

"Mmmm...so instead of editing those magnificent pages, you're laying here teasing me to near death. I'm not so sure Santa would approve of this," Aisling turned her head and captured his mouth with hers, biting and moaning as their tongues dueled and their teeth clashed.

"Tease my ass," Patrick growled,and grasping her hips, rolled Aisling to lie beneath him, "Santa would probably put me on the naughty list if I didn't get you off at least seven times tonight." Patrick moved to lay over her, his clothed hips pressed firmly to her bare skin.

"Someone really wants to play," Aisling chuckled and wrapped a leg around his waist, moving against him wantonly. 

Patrick rolled them over until Aisling was on top of him, her legs straddling his, their mouths melded completely. Aisling ran her fingers over Patrick's face and up into his hair, clutching him to her. Patrick's fingers dug into her ass, pulling her tighter against his jeans, thrusting roughly against her bare flesh. 

Moaning, she slid her fingers under his sweater, riding him slowly as she lifted the dark wool over his head. Her mouth finding his the instant it was freed.

Patrick slid his fingers between their bodies, slipping his fingers into her hot wet pussy, thrusting them deep and fast. Her fingernails dug into his shoulders, riding his fingers fiercely. Her teeth buried themselves in his shoulder as he pushed her over the edge. Quickly, he pulled his fingers away, licking them clean. 

Standing, he shoved his jeans and boxers down and kicked them under the day bed. He claimed her mouth for a deep kiss, the taste of her pussy still on his lips and tongue and crawled to hover over her onca again. He moved to slide his cock into her, but Aisling stopped him with a Cheshire-cat smile and her warm fingers wrapping around his long hard cock.

"Let me taste you, lover. I need to taste you." Aisling waited for Patrick's groan before she slithered down his body. She nipped and lathed his nipples before she moved down his abdomen, dipped into the bellybutton, and then into the hair just below. One hand rubbed his cock softly, teasing, as her tongue ran up it's length.

"Yes, baby, ahhh, yessss..." Patrick watched his lover's molten hair slip over his skin, his fingers buried in her silky tresses. 

Her other hand reached to link fingers with him as she took his balls into her mouth, rolling them over her hot wet tongue as her fingers continued to stroke him, slowly and gently. Smirking up at him, she hummed "Santa Clause is Coming to Town" around his balls. Laughing, Patrick threw his head back and laughed.

She let them go only to run her cheek over Patrick's cock, nuzzling it as her tongue dipped out in teasing little laps. She looked up and met his la-pis-lazuli eyes with her own mossy green ones as her mouth closed over the bulging head and she sucked it deep into her mouth. Her tongue swirled around him, as she moved over him, fucking his cock with her tongue and lips. 

Her fingers skimmed over his abdomen, as she let him thrust deeper into her mouth. The head of his cock slid down her throat and she moaned, the vibration of it run over his hard cock. He worked his way down her tight throat, thrusting against her until her lips were tight against his body. She pulled back slowly, letting him slide from her lips, only to slide them back down, sucking and teasing.

Patrick rolled his head back, his fingers buried in her hair and his eyes closed tight against the intense pleasure.

"Oh, god, baby...yessss..."

He thrust against her harder, one hand still grasping hers as the other held her head to his cock. She held his eyes as she moved faster over him...her tongue swirling, her teeth barely there.

"You are my favorite flavor of candy cane and I want to taste you when you cum" Aisling gasped, pulling back so only the head of his cock was in her mouth and ran her fingers over his hard length, pumping fast and hard. She dipped one hand between her legs, slipping her fingers in and out of her hot pussy, and brought them soaked with her pussy juice up to lubricate his cock further. 

She sucked him hard for a several minutes and then lathed her tongue over his crown, tasting the pre-cum that was beaded there. Aisling moved her hand faster, sucking a little more of him deeper, her tongue teasing his hot skin.

Patrick gasped, "yes... drink me..swallow my cum." Patrick thrust faster against her hand and mouth. He growled loudly as he exploded between her lips, filled her mouth with the hot saltiness of him. Aisling swallowed him down gently, his cock still throbbed in her mouth, spurting and jerking as her hand continued to squeeze and stroke.

Patrick slid his fingers over her hair. Aisling nuzzled his thigh, his semi-hard cock still in her hot wet mouth. Aisling smiled up at her lover, letting his cock slip slowly from her mouth, his eyes never leaving her lips. 

"What a Christmas gift," Patrick sighed, tracing his fingers through her hair.

"I missed you," Aisling said softly.

"I missed you more, you naughty girl. What would Santa think?" Patrick teased.

"Santa would understand. It's been weeks since we've had time alone, Pat," Aisling sighed morosely.

"That's the price we pay for your book selling the way it did. You're a best-selling paranormal romance author. You out-sold Sherrilyn Kenyon by 1.3 million copies! You are a shooting star, my love, and you have no choice but to shine. Look at me, Ash," Pat pleaded when her mossy eyes began to swim with unshed tears.

"It's Christmas Eve... Your book is selling faster than bug spray in Georgia... We have an entire week to spend together, all alone, before you have to get back to the tour." Patrick kissed her fingers. "So, let's enjoy them, okay, Love?" 

"I know... I just wish that it hadn't happened quite so fast," Aisling sighed and kissed the inside of his knee. 

"Just think, you and me tucked away in the mountains for Christmas. No cell phones, no email... just you and me and little Patrick." Aisling laughed and pulled her hair back out of her face so she could nuzzle "Little Patrick".

"You want more, baby girl?" Patrick asked teasingly.

Aisling licked her lips and grinned up at him, "The question is, can you take any more?" With that she turned and nipped the inside of his thigh. 

"Around you...of course I can...Plus... it has been weeks" Patrick sighed as her fingers moved slowly over his skin, his cock grew hard in an instant. 

"My boy must have taken his vitamins while I was away," Aisling smiled up at him and leaned down to run her tongue up the length of his cock. She teased him with air-light touches before she sucked the head of his cock between her lips.

For a time she merely held him there, her fingers stroking him slowly until he was writhing beneath her, cock at full mast. She let him fall from her mouth as she crawled up his body and bit his bottom lip, her tongue dived in to dance with his.

"Is there anything else you would like for Christmas, darling? Aisling whispered as she nibbled at his jaw.

"Just you, baby. Just you," Patrick sighed.

"As you wish, my love," She turned around slowly so her back was to him. She sat on his knees, grasping his cock in one hand and took his cock deep into her pussy in one hard stroke. She leaned back slowly, until her head was on his shoulder and turned to kiss him as she slowly bucked her hips. She fucked him slowly, his long hard cock deep in her wet hot pussy. 

Her hands guided Patrick's, placing one on her right breast where he immediately plucked at her hard nipple, rolling and pinching it between his fingers. The other she placed down between her legs, his fingers on either side of his cock as he thrust against Aisling, so he could feel his cock moving in and out. 

Hot and wet she forced him to keep the movements slow, but they soon grew too hot for slow. She slid off of him, her back still to him, and knelt. "Fuck me dirty, baby. Please," Aisling purred. 

Patrick slid up behind her, turning his head he kissed Aisling hard, his teeth nipping and teasing. One of his large hands slid over the hot flesh of her thighs, slipping between the slick folds of her pussy to tease her clit in slow nudges. 

Aisling ground her hips against his magic fingers and three slip eagerly into her hot depths, her mouth breaking from his to hang low as she writhed against his fingers. He slid them deep, thrusting slowly as his thumb teases her clit. 

He slipped his fingers from her, he grasped her hips with one hand, and twined the other in her hair, pulling it tight and slammed his cock deep into her tight wet cunt. He fucked her hard, his cock pistoning in and out, in and out, in and out, faster, harder, deeper until Aisling screamed, her pussy convulsing around his cock as she came. 

He tugged her hair until she was up on her knees, her arms reached back to grasp his thighs, her shoulders pressed back against his chest as he pounded her juicy pussy. Her head lolled back and she swiped his jaw with a quick flick of her tongue followed by a vicious bite.

Immediately he rolled her over onto her back, positioning himself between her legs, and slowly eased his cock into her warm slick cunt. He held her there, unmoving, glaring at the wondrous creature before him. Her eyes were aglow with mischief and lust and a feral smile teased her lips. 

"Are you alright, darling? Did my love-bite sting?" Aisling teased. But what she saw in his eyes made hers go wide. "Patrick?"

Patrick leaned down slowly, so his mouth was a breath from hers. He moved slowly across her face until his breath fanned over her left ear and slid his tongue out to dart at the tiny gold hoops. As his lips closed over her ear, his teeth sinking in, he thrust his cock viciously into her, pounding her harder than ever. 

Aisling screamed, in pleasure, in pain, as Patrick's teeth remained locked on her ear and his cock pounded violently into her cum-slicked cunt. Her body arched, attempting to both flee and crawl inside him at the same instant.

"yesss!...oooooh.... oh... Pat...rick... ba...by..." Aislings cries were shrill and at the same time ecstatic. She wrapped her legs tightly around him, trying to hinder his violent thrusts. Her fingers tangled in his dark hair, at once trying to pull him off and clutch him closer. They slid down his back, raking her nails over his tanned skin, scoring them deep.

"Litt..le... wild.. cat..." Patrick laughed darkly and continued to fuck her, his cock crying out for release even as he pushed her higher and higher.

"Pat...trick... plea..ease... ohmyfuckinggod! Yessssss!" Aisling threw her head back and screamed, her body shuddered beneath his in violent spasms. Her pussy clenched and released, clenched and released around him as she spilled her cum around him.

He ploughed into her harder, desperate to fill her empty womb with his hot cum. He fucked her harder, pushing deeper with each thrust, in and out, in and out, and in again until his body couldn't take it any more. With one last violent thrust, Patrick cried out her name as his cum filled her pussy in monstrous spurts, splashing against her filling her until she couldn't hold another drop.

Aisling licked at his face, her tongue and lips hunting for his in desperation. Patrick kissed her gently, lovingly before laying his head on her chest. Aisling rolled the both of them over quickly with a muttered "Heavy bastard." They lay there several minutes, nice and toasty from the winter storm and in basked in complete bliss. 

Patrick chuckled, his fingers stroking Aisling's hair.

"What's so funny?" Aisling demanded, no heat in her voice, just curiosity.

"You are, my love." Patrick kissed the tip of her nose. 

"Hey..."

"Hey what?" Patrick nuzzled closer.

"Hey you," Aisling sighs and snuggles against her man. Patrick pulls her tighter against him, his hands gently stroking up and down her back. Aisling sighed again and rested her head on his shoulder as she stared up at his face.

"What are you thinkin, hmm?" Patrick stroked a hand over her cheek.

"Nothin" Aisling leaned down and captured his lips with hers. Patrick moved into the kiss, deepened it until their breath started to stagger again.

"Now, now, now" Aisling sang chidingly and pulled back a hairsbreadth, "aren't you supposed to be working?" She nipped playfully at the tip of his nose. 

"yeah, supposed to be..." Patrick grumbled, a sulky look moved over his face.

Aisling giggled, "Does that mean someone is not ready to get back to work quite yet?" She ran a finger over the seam of his lips, dipping into his mouth, moving it in and out slowly, mimicking his earlier movements.

"Something like that..." he whispered around her finger, sucked on it and nipped it in turn.

Aisling leaned down and kissed him again, whispering against his lips, "I'm pretty sure we could think of something for you to do so you don't HAVE to get back to work..." 

Patrick rolled his hips against her, his newly hardened cock brushing against her still wet thighs, "tell me more..."

"Hmmm...we could watch a movie?" Aisling shook her head, "Nah... I could..." Aisling adjusted her hips, sliding down Patrick's hard cock until he was deep inside her wet pussy, "ride you hard until you pass out?"

Patrick grinned, "Mmm, works for me..."

Aisling giggled, "Anything to get out of working on Christmas Eve?" She kissed him hard and long, her teeth nipped and tongue soothed as they moved against each other. She rose up and slid back down his cock very slowly as she continued to kiss him deeply.

"Mmm, you trying to empty my balls into you?" Patrick teased, his tongue twirled once again in her gold hoops.

"Just trying to keep you on your toes," Aisling slammed down hard. She threw her head back and rose up until only the head of his long hard cock remained inside of her tight wet pussy and slammed down again.

"Do you want me to empty them for you?" Aisling smiled teasingly as she continued to ride is cock, up and down, hard and wet and tight. 

"Yes...." Patrick groaned, thrust up against her. "Take it all...baby"

"Do you want it here?" She shifted his hand so he could feel where his long hard cock disappeared into her slick cunt.

"or do you want it here?" She lifted their hands, now coated in their mixed juices, to her lips and ran her tongue up and down each finger before she sucked each finger clean.

"or do you want it here?" She inched their hands down, over her rocking hips to slide down over her ass, slipped his fingers between her tight cheeks to brush against her tight rose bud. Aisling slammed down on his cock again, "It's your choice, lover."

Patrick pressed a finger firmly against her forbidden gate until it popped and slid deep into her ass. "No love, it's your choice...always your choice." Aisling sighed and wiggled against the probing finger. 

Aisling smiled and leaned down slowly, her hips still and kissed his eyebrows, his cheeks, his nose and his mouth, "I told you to choose first," Aisling took his ear into her mouth, " because I want it all...."

"Are you still on birth control?" Patrick locked his fingers on her hips and proceeded to move her up and down over his cock in a slow teasing rhythm. 

"Yessss..." Aisling gasped as Patrick thumbed at her clit.

"Well, there goes the excitement of maybe getting you pregnant... but I want it in your pussy anyway..." Patrick thrust harder, rolled his hips against hers.

Aisling giggled, "I can always stop them, if you'd like." The two lovers cease all movement.

"You'd take the risk, huh?" Patrick smiled and kissed her gently.

"Yes." 

"Why?" Patrick demanded, he thrust roughly into her and stilled once again.

"Because, you love the excitement... the danger ... and the idea of family," Aisling gasped, her head rolled back as she moved over him. Her long slender fingers rose up to brush over her nipples, circling them before pinching them, tugging gently.

Patrick leaned up to take her nipple deep into his mouth, sucking and nipping at it. Fingers moved up to toy with the one his mouth had left untouched.

Aisling sighed, rocking her hips, "and I love you."

"And what if you did, hmm?" Patrick nuzzled her breast and looked up at her.

"Did quit?" Aisling gasped and rolled her hips once more, "or get pregnant?"

"Both?"

"I don't think I'd mind," Aisling kissed him softly, her eyes on his glittered with love, "Why?" 

"Just getting into your head a little, is all," Patrick grinned up at her, and thrust up against her. 

"Oooohhhh! Careful... you might get lost in there," Aisling smiled and moved against him, still slow easy movements. 
