 Christmas music filled the kitchen as Patti took the last batch of Christmas cookies from the oven and set them on the wire rack to cool. Looking out the kitchen window it was still snowing, well they would have a white Christmas. 

She had scented candles burning, she loved the way they made the whole house smell so good. One of her favorite songs started to play "Jingle Bell Rock," she couldn't help but move to the music, she loved this time of year.

Ted stood in the doorway and watched his wife, Patti did a quick turn and saw Ted standing there watching her. He was smiling at her, just shaking his head. He never knew what to expect from her, but that was one of the reasons he loved her so much.

"Oh hi," she said feeling silly that he had caught her dancing around the kitchen.

"Hi baby girl," he tells her walking over to her and taking her into his arms for a passionate kiss.

"Mmmm," she said returning the kiss, "you're home early,"

"Yep," he said leaning down and nibbling the side of her neck, reaching down and cupping her breasts in his hands giving them a squeeze. "boss let us go early the roads are getting bad," he tells her.

"Nice boss," she tells him slipping her arms around his neck, looking up at him, "I missed you today."

"I missed you too baby."

"What smells so good?" he asks walking over and checking the crock pot, "pork roast my favorite."

"Why don't you go and take a nice hot relaxing shower while I finish getting dinner ready." she suggested. 

"I think I will, that sounds like a great idea." he said kissing her again, he still couldn't believe how good she treated him. 

It had taken some getting used to someone who cared about his feelings and his needs before she thought about herself. "I'll make it quick."

"Take your time," she said standing on tip toe and giving him a peck on the cheek.

"Oh boy! Cookies!" he exclaimed reaching for a cookie, "Ummm, good cookie baby." he tells her walking toward the stairs, "I'll be back." 

Ted went upstairs and started a nice hot shower, stepping under the hot water felt so good. He had been at work since 3:30 this morning and it had been a long day. 

They had planned to have a nice Christmas tomorrow, their kids were coming for the day and then having dinner in the early afternoon. It was going to be so nice to have everyone there.

Thankfully he had the next three days off from work, his sweet wife didn't know that, he was saving that as a surprise. 

Thirty minutes later Ted was all showered and shaved, he had made sure he was clean inside and out. Ever since they had started ass play a few months before he and Patti always made sure they were super clean. They never knew when they might want to play that way.

Patti went upstairs and changed her clothes, changing into the new white satin and lace corset, she somehow managed to get it laced up as tightly as she could. Sitting on the bed she slid the white stockings up her legs, hooking the garters. "Geeze no wonder our great grandmother's died they couldn't breathe," she said standing and looking at herself in the mirror.

Putting two large towels on the bed she got the toys out of the bedside table, putting the massage oil in a warmer, she heard Ted moving around in the bathroom. She dimmed the lights some and walked over to the bathroom door, "Don't come out yet."

"Why not?" he asked with a chuckle.

"Close your eyes."

"Close my eyes?" he asked wondering what she was doing.

"Yes," she said walking in and seeing he had his eyes closed, taking the towel from him she dried him off. Leaning in she licked his nipples one after the other. She did love to have him naked.

"Mmm, I like that." he said reaching for her.

"Nope, you can't touch me." she told him, "follow me." she said taking him by the hand and leading him to the bedroom. "Lie down on the bed on your stomach, I've got a surprise for you."

"A surprise for me?"

"Yes, lie down and relax."

Ted did as she asked, lying down and getting comfortable.

Patti poured some massage oil into her hand and she rubbed her hands together, she got on the bed next to him on her knees. Gently she rubs the scented oil into his neck, slowly massaging him.

"Mmmm, oh yeah feels good honey." he whispers as he feels her working the tension from his neck.

Ted can feel her moving her hands down to his shoulder's, rubbing the oil into his shoulders one at a time. Moaning he turns to look at her, with a sigh he lets her continue.

"No peeking." she tells him, straddling his thighs, reaching for the bottle of oil she pours more into her hands. "I love you baby," she tells him leaning down and trailing kisses down his back.

"You are the best honey," Ted tells her feeling chills run up and down his back. "Fuck, no body has ever done anything like this for me," he tells her, loving the way she was making him feel.

"I wanted to do this for you for a long time honey," she replied moving lower down his back, kneading and massaging his back. Lower and lower she massages him, glancing up at him she licks his lower back.

"Hey, that tickles." he tells her with a giggle, "mmmm, oh yeah baby." she was making him feel so good, he was in heaven.

Pouring more oil onto her hand she gently and slowly rubs the oil into his ass cheeks, spreading his cheeks apart she licks him there.

"Ahhh," he whispers feeling her licking his ass, "feels good baby." he tells her feeling his cock start to harden, she had no idea what she was doing to him. She did know how to turn him on.

"Just enjoy it baby," she tells him licking his ass hole, she knew this turned him on big time. Her hands were slick with oil and she rubbed one finger across his puckered hole, she felt him jerk at her touch. She heard his sighs of pleasure. "Ummm," she murmured flicking her tongue across his hole, tasting him and the flavored massage oil.

Ted spread his legs wider, felt her pour oil over his balls, she massaged then gently, taking her time. "Oh yes honey, feels so good."

"Mmmm," she moans continuing to rub the oil all over his balls, leaning down she licks his ass hole.

"Fuck," he groans loudly, he did love when she licked him there. Years ago he had never dreamed he would like ass play, but he was learning to love it. His cock was throbbing already, he was feeling so good.

Patti took her time and continued to massage him, down his legs, his thighs, all the way to his feet.

He giggled when she rubbed the oil into the soles of his feet, he was very ticklish, slowly she worked her way up the inside of his thighs. 

Ted was loving how she was making him feel, no body had ever cared enough about him to do anything like this for him. He had hit the jackpot when he married Patti.

Reaching his ass again she, poured more oil over his ass cheeks, watched it dribble down to his balls.

She was getting so turned on just doing this for him. She teased his ass hole, pushing just the tip of her index finger inside of him, felt his hole open up for her.

Patti felt her pussy getting wet and her nipples were hard, the corset she was wearing was tight but it did make her feel so sexy. 

"I love licking your ass," she whispered to him, slipping one finger tip inside of his tight hole. Patti gently pushed her finger into his ass up to her first knuckle, she heard him moan loudly. 

"Ooohhh, yeah..." he moaned feeling her fucking him slowly in and out of his ass. 

"I love fucking your ass." she tells him watching him, he was breathing heavy, she watched as he grabbed the blankets as he let out a sigh.

She was getting so horny, but this was for him, she pushed her finger inside his hole a bit deeper and continued to fuck him. 

"Oh my god honey this feels great, don't stop." he begged her he loved the way she was making him feel. "I love when you play with my ass."

"I know you do,"

"I'm so horny." he tells her, wanting to cum.

"You are, you want to cum baby?" she asks moving off of him.

"Oh yes, I need to cum honey." he tells her, feeling his cock throb with each beat of his heart.

"Turn over baby."

He turns over and opens his eyes, sees her in the sexy white satin and lace corset. "Damn!" he said seeing how hot and sexy she looked, "you look hot."

"Yeah?"

"Oh yes very hot." he say's reaching for her.

"Nope, no touching me." she tells him looking at him, "spread your legs and hold them back."

He does as she asked holding his legs back and wide, looking down he watches her reach for his rock hard cock. "Ummm," he moans when she strokes his dick. He hadn't been this horny in a long time.

Getting off of the bed she moves to the head of the bed, taking one of the restraints she buckles it around his right ankle, holding his leg up and back. "Does that feel alright?" 

"Uh, uh yeah honey," he said wondering what she had in mind, he watched while she walked around to the other side of the bed and did the same thing with his left ankle. He had never felt so exposed before in his life. He couldn't move, all he could do was watch her. His cock was throbbing, he needed to cum.

Patti crawled back onto the bed between his legs, bending down she flicked her tongue across the head of his dick. He jerked to her touch, reaching for her head. "No touching me, not yet." Fuck, he looked so hot in this position she thought to herself. 

She gave his cock a few strokes she suddenly stopped and looked at him, crawling up next to him she reaches for the oil once more. Rubbing it into his shoulders she works her way down his chest. Kneading the tension out of his chest she leans down and licks his right nipple, sucking on it gently.Doing the same thing to his arms, she watches his reactions.

"Fuck," he groans feeling her flick her tongue across his nipple. "Suck it."

From one to the other she licked and sucked his nipples, he finally can't help himself he put his hands in her hair. "So good baby girl." he groaned, she was driving him insane.

Patti slowly licked her way down his body, taking her time. She had a surprise for him, she hoped he liked it. Stroking his cock again, she licked precum from the head of his dick. "Mmmm," she did love the taste of precum, flicking her tongue over his pee-hole she felt him tense up. Sucking his cock she reached down and slid one finger deeply in his ass, slowly fucking him.

"Fuck!" he groaned, loudly.

"Who's your slut?" she asked looking up at him.

"You are baby girl, oh you are." he told her glancing down at her, "Daddy's wife slut."

Patti licked her way to his balls, licking and teasing them, finally taking one into her mouth and gently sucking on it. God, she loved making love with him. 

He would try anything once, she hoped he liked the new toy she had bought him. She considered it an early Christmas present.

"My wife is such a slut, I love it." he tells her watching while she sucks his balls,"Damn baby this feels so good." he whispers to her.

"Yeah baby, you LOVE when I suck your cock don't you?"

"Oh you know I do." he tells her, fuck he hadn't felt this good in a long time. Their love making was always good, but she was out doing herself tonight. She looked so hot and sexy in that tight satin corset and stockings, he could barely make out a skimpy pair of white satin panties.

"Does my hubby want to cum now?" she asked glancing up at him, still stroking his cock.

"Yeah baby, I need to cum so bad."

"Nope," she tells him looking at him, "not yet."

He let out an anguished groan, he sighed and watched her lick him lower. She licked that very sensitive spot between his balls and ass. 

"Close your eyes," she tells him reaching under the towel for a new toy. 

He did as she asked him, wondering what she was going to do. He could hear her moving around, he really wanted to see what she was doing but he kept his eyes closed.

Pulling out the male anal prostate probe from under the towel she poured oil all over it, making sure if was good and lubed up. She didn't want to hurt him or make him uncomfortable.

She had found it at the adult store the last time she had went shopping there, she hoped that he liked it. Patti poured more oil over his ass hole, she watched it dribble across his tight hole. "Fuck," she thought just watching that made her wet pussy throb, taking the probe she rubbed it across his opening.

"Umm," he moaned when he felt something rubbing across his anus, he was so glad that when he showered he had made sure he was clean inside and out. Ever since they had started ass play a few months back they both made sure they were always super clean.

"You want this honey?" she asked, gently starting to push the probe against his puckered hole.

"Yes," he moaned, feeling something pushing against his hole, taking a deep breath he felt something slide inside of his ass. "Fuck," 

Patti stopped and looked at him, hoping she hadn't hurt him, "I'll be easy."

"More," he asked, liking the way it made him feel, he felt it stretching his hole. 

Pouring more oil over his hole and the probe she slid it in a little deeper, she heard him breathing heavily, heard his moans of pleasure.

"Oh yeah, I like this honey," he tells her, wanting more inside his hole.

"Yeah? You're sure you want more?" she asked him looking at him. This was turning her on so much. She gently pushed it deeper inside of him, in and out she started to slowly fuck his ass. 

"Oh my god, yes." he grunted when he felt the toy in his ass hit his prostate, his cock felt like it was going to explode, he reached down and stroked his cock. "Yeah baby fuck my ass."

"You like this?" she whispered to him.

"I love it, don't stop." he begged her, feeling her fucking his ass deeper, he had never felt like this in his entire life. He would never let anyone else do this to him, he trusted her with his life.

In and out she fucked his ass, pulling the probe almost all of the way out, pausing for a few minutes letting the feelings subside. She didn't want him to cum yet, "My husband is so horny and hard." she comments watching him stroking his dick. 

Pushing the probe back inside of his ass, she licks his balls one at a time. Teasing his balls, she licks and sucks them flicking her tongue across them. She knew she was driving him crazy.

In and out she carefully fucked his ass, hitting his prostate with every thrust. She reached for the oil once more and poured it over his ass.

"God damn baby," he grunts grabbing her by her head, holding her down, "I need to cum please honey." He wanted to feel her mouth on his cock or feel her soft tight pussy walls around his cock.

"Do it baby, cum for me." she tells him holding that probe deeply inside of his ass. In and out she fucks his ass. She could hear his groans, she had never heard him get this loud before.

"Oh yeah fuck my ass, do it baby." he moans loudly, he loved the way she was making him feel, he was ready to explode. "Fuck!!!! Gonna cum, do it baby girl take my cum!" he exclaims grabbing her by her hair and pulling her up to his cock. Pushing his throbbing dick into her hot mouth he fucks her mouth.

"Mmmm, mmm," she moans around his cock, he fucked into her mouth, holding her down on his dick he fucked her mouth. Reaching down she continues to fuck his ass with the anal probe, hearing his groans of pleasure. 

"Take my cum my wife-slut!" he tells her feeling that probe hitting his prostate, damn but his cock was on fire. "Uuuuggghhh, yeah take it, take my cum!!!" he exclaims feeling his cock explode into her hot wet mouth.

Swallowing and gulping Patti takes all of his cum down her throat, he holds her down on his cock giving her every drop. Sighing she lets his cock slip from her mouth, she can hear him gasping for air.

"Are you alright?" she asked worried that she had hurt him.

"Oh my God honey, that was fantastic," 

"Did you really like it?"

"Oh yes, loved it." he tells her as she gets up and undoes the restraints, letting his legs down.

"Merry Christmas," she says lying down on the bed next to him.

"Thank you honey, but Christmas isn't until tomorrow."

"I know, but I wanted to give this to you before the kids get here." Patti reached down and gently removed the prostate probe from his ass.

"Ahhh, good thinking." he held her tight, "Oh so this is what felt so good," he said taking it from her and examining it.

"Well the last time I went to the adult store it caught my eye and I thought you might enjoy it."

"Oh I did, and when you restrained me, now I know why you like being tied up." he told her, it was very sexy not being able to move, not knowing what the other person was going to do.

"Did you really like it?"

"Yes darling I loved it, we'll have to play like this again." he holds her close, rubbing her back.

"I'm glad you liked it, I was afraid you wouldn't." she said starting to sit up.

"Come 'ere you..." he says pulling her into his arms, kissing her tenderly. "What am I going to do with you?"

"I'm sure you'll think of something...."