 The more we drank together, the more I realized I am attracted to her.

It all started when I was in the Navy and away from home for Christmas for my first time. I was 20 years old and had just graduated from my first schools after boot camp and reported to my first sea command. The ship was in the ship yard having repair and upkeep work performed and the crew was staying in the barracks. I had just come off of 30 days leave at home for Thanksgiving and figured I did not want to go in the hole with leave so I'd stay there instead of going home for Christmas.

On Christmas Eve, I called home and spoke with my sisters and parents and at that point really wished I had gone home but it was too late. I sat alone in the main lounge of the barracks and watched TV. There were a bunch of Christmas shows so I was getting even more homesick.

A voice came from the doorway to the lounge, "What are you doing here?"

I turned to look. It was one of the girls from the ship. We shared a coed barracks with them. I responded, "I should have listened to my chief and at least went home for a couple of days. This shit is depressing."

The first class petty officer in the doorway said, "I've been doing this for 10 years now and should know better than to be away from home. I am in the same boat as you, it appears."

She came in and sat down, asking what I was watching.

"Nothing, "I answered, "I was just staring into space more than anything."

She pulled a bottle of whiskey from her pocket, smiled, and said, "Well, we could just get drunk!"

I answered, "I am only 20, so I can't do that."

She answered, "I'm cool with it. I don't want to drink alone. You might take advantage of me!"

We both laughed.

Then she said, "Seriously, if you are old enough to die for your country, you are certainly old enough to have a couple of drinks in my opinion. Just keep it cool in case the CDO or BDO happens to come by."

I said, "You want me to go get some soda?"

She said, "That would be better than shots for sure."

I went to my room and got a bottle of cola and filled two cups with ice. I returned to the lounge. We poured two pretty strong drinks and toasted to a lonely Christmas Eve.

Throughout the conversation, I found out her name was Brianna, and like me, she joined right out of high school 10 and a half years ago, was 28, divorced twice, no kids, dating a guy from her last duty station, and had done a tour in Iraq and Germany. I had only seen her in uniform before with her hair up. She had it down that night and was wearing tight jeans and a nice furry, black jacket. She was an attractive woman for sure with long sandy hair, green eyes, and a pretty smile. Her body had a nice hour glass shape, a little thick through the hips, and big round breasts. She was an E6 and me only an E4 with no sea duty yet. She was on her second sea tour.

As the night wore on, she was drinking two glasses to every one of mine but I have always been a light weight. We made fun of the shows on TV and laughed until we were just about in tears. Finally she said, "You know what sucks worse than being away from home on Christmas?"

I asked, "What?"

She replied as she counted on her fingers, "Being away from home, being away from my boyfriend, and being horny as hell!"

We laughed again. I had tears in my eyes I was laughing so hard.

We heard someone at the door. It was the Barracks Duty Officer. He was not part of our command so I was immediately sobered up, or at least acted like I was. He greeted with a Merry Christmas and a smile and walked away.

I told Brianna I wanted to slip outside for a cigarette and she said she'd join me. It was cold outside, probably in the 40's at the most. I lit mine up and then she asked for one. I gave her one and she said, "I quit 2 years ago but one won't hurt."

I lit her cigarette and we talked a bit outside. She said, "Damn, my eyelids are getting heavy from the cigarette. Can you carry me back in?"

I said, "I think the barracks watch might report that, or at least get suspicious."

We walked back across the quarterdeck and she said to the watch, "I am so drunk."

Oh crap. Here I was with a drunken sailor, I being underage with a good buzz myself, and now I have to convince her to go to her room and sleep it off. We walked arm in arm down the hallway to the female barracks side. I was not supposed to be in there after 2200 but I wanted to make sure she was okay. She reached in and got her key out and unlocked the door. She told me, "Fuck me, then tuck me, boy."

We laughed again. Somehow I knew from her look and her standing in the doorway that she was serious. I had a pretty good buzz and I could either go to my room and please myself, or go in here and hopefully get us both there. I was very intimidated by her, being 28, out ranking me by 2 ranks, and being divorced twice, but I had to give it my best shot.

I walked in behind her and closed and locked the door. The only light in the room was from a street light outside her barracks room window shining in where her curtains were open. She said, "If you say a fucking word about this, I'll make your life a living hell."

I said, "Not a word, trust me. What happens in the barracks stays in the barracks, scouts honor and shit!"

We both laughed again.

She then put her arms around my waist and pulled me to her. I put my arms around her and squeezed as well. She met my lips with her own and started kissing me very passionately. I could taste the alcohol and cigarettes on her tongue. We kissed for a couple of minutes, her breathing deeply through her nose. My 7 inches was bulging in my jeans and she reached down to give it a squeeze. I continued to kiss her deeply as she squeezed my cock. I reached inside her jacket and squeezed her left breast. She backed away enough to take her jacket off, and then embraced me again. I slowly started working my kisses down her neck and up to her ear lobe where I nibbled and breathed in her ear. She started to unzip my pants and pull them down enough to let my cock loose.

"Wow, "she said impressed, "Nice cock."

I worked a hand down to the top of her pants. I unbuttoned the button and unzipped them far enough to get a hand down the front. I stuck my other hand down the back and squeezed her ass as I moved my hand in the front past the smooth shaved skin to find the top of her folds. She was already wet from excitement to the point her panties were quite damp. I felt the damp panties on the back of my fingers as I slid my hand down far enough to slip my middle finger in between her folds. Her pussy was burning hot against my cold hand that had just been outside in the cold and wind.

She grabbed the bottom of my shirt and pulled it up over my head and off of me as I pulled my hands out of her pants. I undid three top buttons on hers and took it off. I then reached in and fumbled around with her bra, finally figuring it out and getting it off of her.

Having her bare chest against mine was an incredible feeling as she stroked my cock some more and I fingered her dripping pussy some more. At one point, I switched hands so I could see what her juices smelled like. Her pussy had just a hint musk so I knew what I wanted to do next. I lifted her up and put her on the dresser. I grabbed her panties and jeans and slipped them down. I slipped her shoes off and finished taking her clothes off. I leaned in and began sucking and licking her shaved wetness putting a lot of pressure on her clit. I licked as far into her as I could, then went back to sucking her mound and licking her clit. The silky feeling of her lips and the moans of pleasure was making me so hard I had precum dripping from my cock.

Shortly, she grabbed my hair and shoved me violently into her crotch while I licked her pussy until my tongue was burning with fatigue. She announced, "Fuck! I'm cumming! Oh fuuuuuuuuuuuuuck!"

Her legs crashed into the sides of my head and her body bucked up and down. She released more juice onto my face and I just kept licking until her body calmed down.

She said, "That was good. Where did you learn how to do that at your age?"

I said, "My last girlfriend was a freak so let's just say, she taught me a lot."

She added, "Boy did she ever."

I stood up and placed the head of my cock at her pussy lips. She asked very seductively, "What would you do to your freak now?"

I replied, "Fuck her silly."

I ran the head up and down her slit and every few times, I'd stick the head in just for extra pleasure. I finally drove it in about half way, then back out, then all the way back in. I knew I would not last very long but I could always just keep going until it was erect again.

She propped her body up with one arm while the other rubbed my ab muscles and chest. She reached up behind my neck at one point and pulled her body up to kiss me, swirling her tongue around with mine, her tasting her own juices on my face. She released me and went back down to her elbows.

I fucked her slow at first, enjoying every inch of every stroke. I pushed my cock deep into her over and over until I felt myself start throbbing. I increased the pace and she announced, "Oh yes! Cum in me. My pussy loves cum. Harder!"

Her body started bucking again and I drove as deep as I could into her over and over. My cock was burning in that hot, wet pussy as she threw her head back and kept screaming. Her smooth legs smacked against the tops of mine and I could hear the sound of our juices as my cock impaled her over and over. Her pussy began clamping down on me and sent me right over the edge. My release finally filled her with what her pussy was craving. My orgasm was long as I felt streams of my cum release into her. I knew I gave her a lot because it was leaking out around my shaft and onto my balls.

I stood there with my cock throbbing to a semi hard state and her breathing slowing down. Then she said, "So what would your freak do now?"

I answered, "Probably suck me back into shape so I could fuck her again."

She said, "Okay" and pushed me back and out of her pussy. "Go lay on the bed, "she continued.

I did as she instructed and she took my whole half erect cock into her mouth, sucking it clean along with my balls. She held the cock with her hand and asked, "Like this?"

I answered, "Not as good, her I mean. She wasn't as good at it."

She continued to suck me back to full erection, slow, sensual bobbing, carefully tonguing under the head and down the shaft to the balls. She was very good with her mouth. She cupped my balls and made frequent trips down to lick my ass hole. Sometimes she would start at my ticklish hole and run her tongue all the way up over my balls and shaft to the head of my cock. It would spring up with excitement and she would try to catch it when it did. Watching her head bob up and down with just the street light for lighting was really erotic I thought.

When I was fully erect again, she got up, sat over my cock and rubbed it on her pussy like I had when I was teasing her. I looked down and could see the head nearly disappearing each time, then pop back over her clit. Finally, she guided it into her and sat down. She repositioned herself where she could fuck me with just her lower body moving. She kissed me passionately as she rode my pole up and down. I could taste her pussy and my cum in her mouth. It made me even harder, that mixed taste of cum and cunt.

She kissed my neck and ears and ran her fingers through my short but thick hair. Her hair brushed on my upper body and she lay down on top of me, using just her lower body for the fucking.

In a few minutes, she sat up and started riding faster. I felt her pussy tightening on my cock and she announced her release once again. Her pussy clamped down and felt like it was sucking me. I kept my hands on her hips as she continued to ride me.

We continued this way for the next 10 minutes or so as she came time after time. I was loving it and getting closer myself when she asked, "Did your freak ever let you fuck her ass?"

I said, "Yes. Are you?"

She said, "You're gonna have to beg for that."

I asked, "Please?"

She said, "Say it again."

I asked again, "Pretty please?"

She winked and dismounted. My cock fell onto my lower abdomen, wet and hard as a rock. I knew I loved busting a girl's ass so the anticipation was turning me on so much I could have almost cum without even doing it.

She grabbed some lube out of her roommate's drawer. She came over and smeared a bunch onto her ass, fingering to get some inside, and smeared a bunch more on my shaft. She then straddled me again and lowered her body down onto me. She grabbed my cock and got it positioned at her ass hole. She slid down onto my cock slowly but never stopped until I was completely in. I felt my head pop past the ring and then felt the ring slide the whole way down and back up as she continued to lower and raise her body. She reached down and started masturbating herself, running her fingers over her clit and sticking fingers up inside of herself. I grabbed her nipples and began squeezing them harder, pinching and twisting them. She started cumming again and I felt her ass tighten as her body tensed and released.

I was now getting closer but I wanted control. I wanted to fuck her hard. I grabbed her on a down stroke and rolled over with her, my cock still sticking in her ass. I raised my upper body up with my hands at her hips and started giving her a good ass fucking. I pounded harder and harder and couldn't wait to fill her ass with cum. My cock grew and grew until my release was seconds away. She stirred her clit and finger fucked her cunt while I drove my cock deep into her. Her ass tightened again as my cock finally started releasing into her. We both came for what seemed like 5 minutes.

After a minute or so she announced, "That hurt but fuck it was good. You make me do crazy things, Dave. I'm gonna have to get drunk with you more often."

I said, "Sounds like a plan."

I lowered myself down onto her and kissed her all over her breasts and neck. She rubbed my back and shoulders. My cock shrank down to a semi erect state and the tightness of her ass forced it out. I rolled off of her and fell asleep for a short while on the bed, then woke up. I woke her and said I was going to go take a shower and go to my room. We kissed each other good night and made plans to eat Christmas breakfast the next day out on town.

It wasn't such a lonely Christmas after all.