 I finally got the courage to meet him. All the nights of sending calm innuendos and sweet messages all led up to that night at around 3 am when the light of the computer and an awaiting message woke me up. Who would have thought it would end up being the sweetest Christmas present I would ever receive?

PhotoFinish: Are you up?

BlackKat: I am now. That scared the crap out of me Chris. What's up?

PhotoFinish: I'm sorry. I was just thinking, about you, but also about next week?

BlackKat: What's next week?

PhotoFinish: Uh, Christmas?

BlackKat: Oh sorry!! I've been so swamped at work that I haven't even thought about it. Plus, I've spent Christmas alone for the last 3 years, so it's not exactly the most fun of holidays for me.

PhotoFinish: I know, you told me. That's actually what I was thinking about. I want to see you.

BlackKat: You already have ;)

PhotoFinish: No really, I want to see you. Soon.

BlackKat: You live like 200 miles away. It's not like you can drive from Austin to Dallas in a minute.

PhotoFinish: I wouldn't let that stop me. I want to be the one behind the camera taking those pictures you send me ;) and no one should be alone on Christmas kitty Kat.

BlackKat: Well, don't you have plans?

PhotoFinish: I was going to go to Florida with my family, but they decided to go skiing instead, and let's just say I'm not one of those people that consciously gets CLOSER to the cold.

BlackKat: LOL! Well, I'm down if you are. I don't know if it's just the fact that there is computer between us, but I've never really met anyone like you before.I think we SHOULD get to know eachother. And maybe a holiday will do that. But just so you know, I'm not much of a Christmas person.

PhotoFinish: Oh you'll be a CHRIStmas person before long.

BlackKat: Very clever.

PhotoFinish: Haha, this Wednesday I get off work early because it's Christmas eve. It'll only take me about 3 hours to get to you, if you're okay with that. I could, stay for a couple days?

BlackKat: You know what? Okay. It's a date. A very nervous date, but a date nonetheless. Goodnight PhotoFinish.

PhotoFinish: Don't be nervous. G'night pretty kitty ;)

That, was the exact conversation. (I should know. I copied and pasted it into my online journal). The week came and went, but when it got to Wednesday, it felt like the day that would never end. At around 6pm (he would be there at 9ish) I hopped into the shower, afraid to leave my phone for even a second. He could make the trip from Dallas to Austin in less than 3 hours if he tried. What would he think when he saw me in person? What should I say? Do I shake hands or hug? So many thoughts raced through my brain. They were like the hot water droplets coursing down my neck and chest. I did everything I could to relax, shaved my legs (and everything else), colored my hair and when I got out of the shower I looked at my soaked frame in the mirror. I get it... I'm cute, in the unconcenventional way. My hair was jet black. It's really long with short layers, a stark contrast from my pale skin. Medium sized breasts with dark pointed nipples and almost momma like hips. He'll like me, clothed or not. 

I picked out a tight pair of black skinny jeans, and a long red and black turtleneck, dark green shadow and liner... that's about as festive as I get. I didn't wear any shoes, because this was my house after all, but I liked how I looked. Dark, mysterious, I looked good. I was staring at my nails counting the heart beats when my phone buzzed and I jumped. A message.

"I'm not far now. Maybe 30 minutes or so. I'll call you when I get closer. - Chris."

My heart jumped in my throat. It's dark out, and maybe this isn't the best idea. The dramatic wind outside was telling me that a storm was coming, a bad omen maybe? I needed to calm down. I opened my freezer door and grabbed a bottle of eggnog, chuckling at the ironic drink. I don't even like Christmas, I thought to myself. I needed to chill out. BUZZ BUZZ BUZZ! Not a message this time. My hands trembled as I pressed the little green button.

"He- hello?"

No answer. 

"Are you there?"

"Katerina." He breathed the word. "Your voice is beautiful." It never occurred to me he hadn't heard it before.

"Hi Chris," I barely whispered but tried to be normal. "Uh, um, how far are you?" Very smooth Kat. Very smooth.

"Actually I'm kind of lost... I'm on I-20 East passing 287. Did I miss my exit?"

"No, no, you're going the right way. Just keep on coming until you get to the light, exit there and turn left at the second light, then left again into the apartments on the left. I'm in 1267. It's the very first set of buildings I'll just meet you out--" A tap at the door startled me. "Crap, hey someone's at my door. Stay on the line."

"Okay but hurry, I have no idea where I'm going."

I undid the latch wondering who could be here. I realy hoped whoever was at the door didn't ruin my plans. The wind blew open the door and the phone fell from my hand. Staring back at me was a medium built really good looking guy, short cropped brown hair, grown out just a little, (hair I had seen on a web cam many times before), wearing a beige T shirt, dark jeans and converse. His eyes were gleaming hazel and he was smiling at me. In his left hand, a phone, pressed up to his ear. In his right, a red long stemmed rose. His name was Chris.

"So I lied. Sue me." I had no words. I wasn't ready. "Merry Christmas Eve," he said as he handed me the rose.

"Oh my God hi! Merry Christmas eve to you too!" I didn't know what else to do so I hugged him around his neck and gave him a kiss on the cheek. His hand slipped around my back and hugged me tight as well. His face lingered in my hair, taking me in, an act he had no right to fulfill, yet felt so fitting, like he had done it before. I was afraid to let the mood get awkward so I spoke up right away. 

"Would you like a drink?" He smiled before he spoke.

"Sure what do you have?"

"Um, coke, water, eggnog, grape juice, vodka and milk." At saying that, he laughed at me quizzically. "What? What did I say?" Why was I insecure?! He brushed my cheek.

"I just think its funny that you categorized vodka as one of the regular things in the fridge. That's like saying 'Oh here's my living room, there's the bedroom oh and here's my dungeon!'" We both laughed that time. But I still didn't get the hint.

"I guess I see what you mean. So what do you want to drink?"

"Kat?"

"Yeah?"

We're still in the doorway."

"OH! Crap, right, sorry come in. I'm so sorry."

I led him into to my small living room and sat him on the black sofa. The ambient light coming from 2 large dark red pillar candles on either side of the sofas really made his face look nice. I bent over to adjust the red rug beneath his felt and caught him staring when I came back up. I couldn't help but smile. 

"So what do you want?"

"Um, I don't, uh, you wanna talk?" He was lost and flustered and that made me beam internally. 

"To drink genius." A mixed expression of relief and embarrassment crossed his face.

"Oh! Water's fine. I don't drink." I wish I could have seen my own face.

"What? You don't? I mean, it's not a big deal. I guess I just didn't expe--" He raised a hand and cut me off.

"A lot of people react that way. I just decided that I wanted to be the one behind my actions. I don't want anything else to decide it for me you know?" I walked away briefly to get his drink as he talked. "Anyway, your place is really nice, like modern and Victorian at the same time."

"Hey! That's a really good description." I yelled from the kitchen. "I decorated it myself. I love dark reds and copper and black." I walked back in and handed him a silver cup with a paper towel around it. "Down to my kitchenware, I've always loved that style." Then all of a sudden... "Hey, you wanna see my room?" Where the HELL did that come from?! I had to learn to control that impulse.

"Sure, why not?" was all he said cool as could be, his eyes locked to mine. There was slight anticipation in his voice and I couldn't shake the butterflies in my stomach. There was definitely chemistry between us. And his eyes, those eyes were like, burning through all my pretenses and plans. I was useless to deny I didn't like the guy. Whatever he was doing, it was working. I opened the door to my room. Black carpet laid on the floor. A dark red accent wall was the back drop to my bed, black, white and Leopard print covers adorned it, welcomed us to it. I had checker board patterns and red splashes of paint on the other walls, (something my landlord wasn't thrilled about) and when I turned on the light, everything looked a sort of passion purple. On my nightstand was a 12 inch tall Christmas tree with a red light at the top. It was weird room I know, but it was mine, and I loved it.

"Told you, I'm not much of a Christmas person."

"This room is rad." He walked right in and looked around. "The web cam doesn't do it justice. Doesn't do a lot of things justice." He winked at me and I smiled. He made me feel like a little girl.

"Thank you. It took me a long time to get it just the way I liked it. My living room is well lit and inviting to people. My room is a space for me, a way to express my personality, so to speak."

"And that is?"

"I don't know, you tell me." And with that I walked to his side and tried to see my room the way he saw it. "What do you think of the girl that lives in this room?" His eyes were quizzical again, probing every corner of my room. He lingered on the bed and my guitar especially, not speaking for a while.

"I think, this girl is a poet. I think she writes because it won't sound right when she says the words out loud, almost afraid to be vocal. I think she is a mysterious, sexy girl, the kind of girl that will catch you by surprise, if you are brave enough to surprise her." He leaned into me, and softly brushed his nose against my neck, planting the warmest kiss I had felt in a long time. Fire radiated through my body at the shock. My pulse quickened and I dared to look in his eyes.

"You're right for the most part." Our faces were only inches apart now, his hands on my hips, keeping me close to him.

"For the most part?"

"I'm not afraid to be vocal." I winked at him and without any warning, his lips pressed against mine, parting them softly with his tongue, coaxing a response out of mine. He grabbed my left hand and put it around his neck, holding his there as well for a few seconds, enjoying the contact. The kiss wasn't urgent or needy. It was lustful, confident. He knew that I liked to be kissed somehow, that if he kissed my jaw then my neck, then the area right below my ears, I would shudder. He wanted me, and he had me. 

Not missing a beat he started backing me up onto my bed sucking my neck, making my blood boil. I laid back, scooting to the middle of the bed expecting him to lay next to me, but instead, he forcefully spread my legs and nestled in between them. This scared me and I broke the kiss.

"Chris, stop, you're being too--"

"Shh shh, I'm not going to hurt you Kat. I'm not even going to do anything tonight." His voice was cold and hot at the same time, but I relaxed and surrendered control. Noticing my submission, he wrapped my leg around him and slowly started to rock back and forth in between my legs. My mind raced as I kissed him. My heart was pumping out of my chest. This is the first time we've ever met! He's a stranger! Well, kind of. Technically he's already seen more than... Oh lord why did I send those pictures? He probably thinks I'm a skank! 

His tongue ran little circles in the hollow at my neck and he kissed down until he met with the fabric of my sweater. 

"Katerina, I'm going to take this off." He looked me straight in the eye. I nodded yes, not even sure if I had a choice. I sat up a bit, raised my hands up and he shrugged me out my turtle neck. We lied there for a second, him looking at my pale olive skin, the swells of my breasts only adorned by a thin black lace bra, my nipples hard, wanting to be sucked. As if he could read my mind, he carefully pulled down the left strap, looking at me as if to make sure it was okay, and again, I felt as if I didn't have much choice regardless. Chris lowered his mouth to my breast, inhaled and slowly exhaled warm, delicious breath on my skin before sucking it into his mouth, tonguing my nipple firmly then blowing on it after it was wet. I moaned and threw my head back. I wanted him to keep going, to pull my pants down and fuck me, to put his cock, that I could feel through his pants, deep inside me, make me moan his name. But he didn't. He put my breast back in my bra, not even having the courtesy to suck on the other one, kissed me once slowly on the lips, then stood up.

"So where am I sleeping?" A broad, teasing smile crossed his face. He was fucking teasing me. I sat up, unsatisfied and utterly confused.

"Are you sleepy?" 

"I had a long drive. But I can't really fall asleep in silence, so you wanna watch a movie?" 

"Sure. Let me change okay? And unfortunately we're in a one bedroom apartment love, so your choices are the floor, the sofa," I smiled a little, "or my bed. But I'm guessing you'll fall asleep during the movie." He just winked at me.

"I have to change too. Is that your bathroom?" He pointed to the dark room down the hall. And he was right.

"Yep that's it." 

"Thank you kitty Kat." He kissed my cheek, grabbed pajama bottoms from his bag and proceeded to the bathroom.

I stood here for a second, stunned. What the FUCK had just happened?? Had he just, denied ME? I changed into red cotton shorts and a pale green tank top, attempting some sort of festiveness, still trying to figure out why he had stopped. He walked out of the bathroom right as I was pulling up my shorts.

"Nice ass." I turned around fast.

"Hey! you weren't supposed to see that yet!" He smiled that smile again and sauntered over to me.

"Yet?" His face got dangerously close to mine. He was shirtless, just wearing pajama bottoms, and his skin was warm to the touch.

"I mean, you know, you weren't supposed to see that. You just--" He cut me off and kissed me, slowly biting my lower lip. How the hell did he make my stomach flip like that?!

"You're cute when you're flustered. C'mon, let's watch a movie."

He grabbed my hand and led ME in MY apartment back to the sofa. We fell asleep on my couch watching some Hallmark special of "A Christmas Carol", much to my dismay. I was horny as all hell and I wanted him badly. I had to wait for the aching to stop before I could fall asleep. At around 4 am I woke up absolutely freezing. I could still feel Chris behind me asleep, but I decided to go to my bed where it was warmer. I put the rest of the blanket on him and tip toed to my room. I hadn't been in bed for 5 minutes when the door opened. I sat up but he didn't waste any time getting close. As he got in bed next to me, he pulled my hair and kissed my neck. 

"I never said you could leave." 

"I'm sorry." I said smiling. My heart was beating again. He was so forceful, so intense and I loved it.

"Make it up to me." Without any notice, he found the edge of my shirt and pulled it off, no bra hiding me this time. His hands found their way in the dark room to my nipples, rubbing them in circles while he kissed me, making me more urgent. I was still somewhat disoriented from sleep and the sudden physical contact was overwhelming. He kissed my neck again down to my chest and took one of my nipples in his mouth again, this time biting and sucking harder. It hurt and felt good at the same time. He roughly parted my legs and got in between me, still dressed. His hard on pressing against my pussy got me so wet, all I could do was moan and kiss him. He wasn't teasing or playing games this time. He wanted it as much as I did and I wasn't going to stop. He started rock back and forth on my pussy with his dick through his pants, making me warm and wetter, when his hands found the elastic of my shorts. He pushed my legs to the side so he could get the shorts down and at the same time pulled his pants down to his knees and repositioned his hard dick at the entrance to my pussy. 

My breathing was ragged with anticipation. I was dripping for him to shove it in me. His head encircled my opening and pushed in very slowly. Then back out again. He WAS teasing me. His now wet tip moved up to my clit and ran small strong circles around it, making my head spin.

"Chris, please," I pleaded, "please." He lowered his head, kissed me softly and without so much as a second to process he thrust himself inside me, drawing out a loud moan. He felt so big inside me, and just when I thought it couldn't feel any better, he started to pull out, then in, then out, then in, holding my thighs the whole time. He started moving in rhythm, locking my hands with is above my head. His breathing was haggard as my moans got harder, my pussy wetter, his thrusts faster. 

"Oh, shit Kat, you're so tight. Fuck."

"Mmm, keep going like that baby, faster. Fuck me faster."

I didn't have to tell him twice. He bucked forward, putting my legs on his shoulders to slam into me harder, harder HARDER! My soaked pussy flowed with a new wave of juices and when I felt close to cumming, he stopped! 

"Get on your stomach." My eyes were glazed with shock.

"On all fours?"

"Yeah, do it, hurry. Let's see that ass." He helped me along and flipped me on all fours, positioning his dick at my puckered little hole. I gasped and he knew I was afraid, but I wasn't going to protest.

"P- please, don't hurt me." He leaned forward on me and tucked my hair behind my ears.

"Don't worry kitty Kat, I just want to make you feel good." 

With that he took his dick and slid it in my pussy to get it nice and wet. When he came back to my virgin rosebud, he started pushing against it, trying to open it up and it was already starting to hurt.

"Relax Kat."

"Okay. okay." I breathed.

I did my best to relax and I guess it worked because he pushed the head in. It felt so huge! And it hurt, but it was starting to feel good. He got about half way in before he started to move in and out, every time a little deeper. A few painful seconds later I felt his balls smack against my ass cheeks and he was all the way in. He didn't waste any time beginning to pump in and out of me, this time I was moaning into the pillow.

"Oh, oh, ohhhhhmmmmmm, Chris, shit oh my God it hurts so good. Unnnhhhh.."

"Mmm you like it in the ass don't you? You like that huh?"

"Yessss, oh God, oh please don't stop. Just like that." This felt so good, but I felt so, so bad! Like he was just fucking me for the sake of fucking me. Oh who gives a fuck? It was so good. He put his hands on my shoulders and really started pounding me. I was so close to cumming that I couldn't even moan. I started rubbing my clit with the pillow under me and I could feel that I was any second away from cumming, when he finally spoke.

"I'm gonna cum, want it in you or on you?" I don't know why but...

"In, in, in, in, in me," I huffed out. That took him over the edge. He let out a grunt and thrust hard into my ass which made my clit grind against the pillow more. 

And then I came. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhh shiiiiiit!!!!!! CHRIS!!!!! OHMY--- OhmyGOD! Oh, ooh, shit Chris..." It was earth shattering. He was still bucking me forward when I went weak.

As our orgasm subsdided, he slipped out of me, (cum running down my ass) flipped me over and got in between my legs again, just nestling. 

"Katerina, you're amazing." And then he kissed me, softly, sweetly. I didn't even know what to say. He played with my hair, kissed my hands and touched noses, a stark contrast to the controlling, forceful man he had been just minutes before. What the HELL had just happened??? Just as I was falling asleep...
