 Heather looked at herself in the mirror. It was the week before Christmas and it was the works Christmas party. The venue was a barn restaurant attached to a hotel and a number of them had booked hotel rooms for the night. She was sharing with Charlotte who had already left the room in her elf costume. Not very original, she thought as she made sure her own was in place.

Kinky Fairy. Black heels, black stockings, black panties. Layers of black and purple petticoats topped with a purple satin skirt and top. All overlaid with a purple corset and topped off with black wings and a black halo. She licked her slut red lips, turned and picked up her whip, wrapped the handle around her wrist, tucked her key card where she would not lose it and walked out of the door.

She walked into the barn and looked around. She had spotted some of the others in their costumes and smiled. Some had had some really good ideas, Luke Skywalker and Princess Leia in THAT bikini, the wicked witch and Dorothy from the Wizard of Oz. Batman and Wonder Woman. Her eyes went back to the guy dressed as Batman holding a pint glass. She grinned and walked towards him.

"Hello you." She said as she approached him.

"Hello yourself." He smiled back as he greeted her.

She looked him up and down as she smiled.

"Nice costume. Where's Robin?" she giggled.

"Oh I left him at home doing the washing up." He answered.

Heather laughed as she reached for a glass of wine. The company had paid for all the drinks and the meal. Paul had worked alongside her for almost 18 months now and they flirted outrageously although nothing had ever come of it to date. The chemistry between them was evident and the air sizzled as they stood chatting and laughing, conversation flowing easily.

Heather reached for another glass of wine and the whip around her wrist swung and caught a glass on the bar, knocking it over. Paul reached out and caught it, raising his eyebrow as he placed it back on the bar. 

"What on EARTH is that?" he said.

Heather lifted her arm. "Oh that's my whip," she grinned. "Can't be a kinky fairy without a whip." She finished.

"Well that's true enough, but who do you intend using it on?" Paul laughed.

"Ahhhh. Now that would be telling," she said "but I can think of at least one person." Heather dissolved into a fit of the giggles as she finished, blushing furiously as the wine loosened her tongue.

"Oh? Is that right now?" Paul answered with a mischievous grin.

Heather buried her face in her glass and took a mouthful, furiously thinking about how she could change the subject. While she was thinking, another young man came across the room dressed as Daredevil and clapped Paul on the shoulder. Paul turned around and greeted him and then turned back to Heather. 

"Heather, this Daredevil is my brother Andy." Paul said.

"Oh! Hello." Heather greeted him. "Paul told me he had brothers, well I think you are brothers, what I can see of you looks alike anyway." She laughed as she finished.

Paul and Andy grinned at each other and the conversation continued. Heather found herself as at ease with both as she had been with one and found that Paul had brought both brothers with him but 'Captain America' was still getting ready.

The company were called in for dinner and the three of them sat together. As the evening went on the conversation and the wine flowed in equal measure. The tables were cleared away and moved slightly, clearing space for a dance floor. Paul pulled Heather onto the dance floor and Andy soon joined them. The three of them took turns dancing with each other and Heather found herself becoming bolder as the night went on, employing her whip wherever she could.

A slow dance came on and Paul cut in between Heather and Andy. Andy gave in, in good grace and Paul pulled Heather closer. She watched him as he danced, the conversation slowing. Heathers whip lightly tapped against Paul's buttock and he bent his head to her.

"If you don't keep hold of that whip, I may be tempted to use it on you." He whispered.

Heather looked up, a small smile on her face.

"I may be tempted to let you." She said quietly.

Paul took advantage of Heathers upturned face and bent to kiss her. Heather closed her eyes and responded in kind, a sigh leaving her as his soft, full lips captured hers, something she had thought of many times since she had met him. He pulled her close as his kiss became deeper, his tongue playing with hers. She moaned softly as her body responded to him.

The dance finished and Paul took Heathers hand and led her away from the dance floor. As he did, she looked around for her room-mate and spotted her entangled with someone from the IT department. Paul led them to a quiet corner and sat down. He pulled Heather to him and she turned and sat down sideways on his knee. His hand moved softly up her leg and his nails tickled her thigh. She giggled quietly and squirmed, watching him as he played with her. 

"Here you both are." The sudden voice made them both jump and Heather knew she was sitting with a guilty look on her face. Andy laughed at them both.

"Am I missing something?" He grinned.

"Oh go fuck yourself." His brother answered in reply, a small grin on his face.

Andy laughed and leant forward, grabbing Heathers hand. Heather allowed herself to be dragged back onto the dance floor. She turned and looked at Paul who was grinning at them both, he didn't seem overly worried that Heather had been taken away so she shrugged inwardly and turned back to Andy. He pulled her close and grabbed her bum in one hand. She squeaked and made him laugh.

"So," he said. "IS my brother trying to have his way with you?

"Ummmm no, not at all." Replied Heather, but her blushes gave her away once again and she cursed herself silently.

Andy laughed and Heather looked up at him. She couldn't really see how much alike Paul and he were as they both had masks on but what she could see was very similar. She wondered about the other brother.

"Didn't you have another brother coming tonight?" she asked.

"Yeah but knowing him he's never left the room or he has gone off somewhere else." Andy answered.

Heather pulled an 'oh ok' face and Andy pulled her close once again. He smelled wonderful. Similar to Paul, but not quite the same. She wondered how his kisses compared to Pauls and lifted her head to look at him. To her surprise he was watching her and she smiled at him. His response was to bend his head and kiss her softly. She sighed once again as Andy's tongue explored her mouth. Overtaken by the boldness of the wine she reciprocated once again. Andy's hand came up into Heathers hair and pulled gently. Heather moaned and pushed herself against him.

Not waiting any longer, Andy took Heathers hand and led her back to Paul who stood up to greet them as they approached. As Heather drew close Paul held out his hand and she took it. He pulled her in and kissed her again. Heathers arm went around Paul's neck and she tried to let go of Andy's hand too. Andy however, was not letting go. After a few attempts Heather gave up and wrapped her fingers in Andy's as Paul continued to kiss her.

When Paul broke the kiss he handed Heather to Andy, who immediately took over where Paul left off. Heathers mind was racing, she had only originally intended to pick up Paul but now, Andy was beckoning too. They didn't seem bothered that they were sharing her, was this the normal state of affairs with them or was it just the alcohol and the time of year? And where was the other brother? She didn't know why that bothered her but it did. Andy tugged on her hair and every thought suddenly disappeared from her mind as she melted into his kiss once again.

Andy bit Heathers lip and tugged on it. Heather felt her knees tremble and Andy pulled her closer. She wrapped herself around him and lost herself in him. Paul was watching from the sidelines with a small smile on his face. He had fancied Heather since the first time he saw her and had made a point of getting to know her. He had shared girlfriends with his brothers before and Heather seemed more than willing. He turned and picked up two bottles of wine, turned back to Heather and Andy and reached up and took her hand from his brothers' neck.

"Come on you two." He said tugging on Heathers hand as he held up the bottles of wine.

Andy grinned as he broke the kiss and took Heathers other hand.

"Good idea, brother of mine." He said as he pulled her along. Heather followed happily in their wake.

They made their way back to Paul and Andy's room and stopped outside the door. Both bent and kissed Heather on the cheek. Heather giggled and looked at them.

"Take your masks off, I want to see how alike you are." She grinned.

The brothers looked at each other and then at Heather. With a flourish, they both pulled off their masks and stood in front of Heather laughing.

"TWINS!!" she exclaimed. "You never told me!"

The brothers smiled and Paul opened the room door. The distinct sound of a television floated out of the door and Heather cocked an eyebrow. Paul shook his head.

"Well that explains where he got to." He said shaking his head again. "C'mon." He finished taking Heather's hand once again.

Andy flicked the light on and there was a low shout from deeper within the room.

"Oh be quiet killjoy." He said as they all walked into the room. Sat on a single bed was Paul and Andy's brother, still wearing his full Captain America costume, a raging erection very evident. Heather turned her head and looked at the TV. Missing brother had spent the night watching porn. She giggled.

"Hello Killjoy." She said.

"Evening," he answered. "And it's Ian." He finished as he looked Heather up and down.

Paul disappeared to look for glasses and Heather stood with Andy. She kicked her shoes off with a low moan and stood in her stocking feet, still hand in hand with Andy.

"Well don't just sit there you great lummox," Andy leant and pushed Ian's feet. "Get up and say hello to the lady, her name is Heather."

Ian swung his legs off the bed and stood up. He walked over to Heather and bent to face her.

"Hello Heather." He said and kissed her gently.

"Oooooh hello." Heather breathed.

Paul chose that moment to come back into the room with the glasses. He watched his brother and grinned.

"I see Ian has worked his charms then," he said looking at Andy. Andy merely nodded.

Paul walked across the room and picked up a bottle of wine. He poured 3 glasses and looked up at Ian. Ian shook his head an indicated to the bedside table where a bottle of beer stood. Paul picked up Heathers glass and took it to her. Heather took the glass and took a mouthful of its contents.

"So," she said swallowing. "Do you look like your brothers?"

Ian grinned and looked at Paul and Andy. The young men moved and stood either side of Ian.

"I dunno," Ian said. "What do you think?" he asked as he pulled off his mask.

"Oh fuck me." Heather breathed, "Triplets." And she blushed furiously as her mind went into overdrive.

The brothers laughed and Paul walked over to her. He bent and kissed her, his arms going around her back as he pulled her in. Without her shoes she had to stand on tiptoe but Paul bent easily to her and she soon relaxed in his arms. His tongue toyed with her, licking the outline of her lips, flicking the tip of her tongue with his own. He tastes of wine, Heather thought as she melted into him, his teeth capturing her lips one by one, biting, pulling, tenderly but also with a little force. A perfect balance.

She was so lost in him that she didn't notice Andy move, nor did she notice Ian take a seat on the bed once more, watching the proceedings with interest. She felt the ribbons on the back of her corset give way as a pair of lips gently kissed her neck. Part of her wanted to find out who, a bigger part of her didn't care, it was simply too enjoyable. 

The hands that had unlaced her corset now came around the front of her and busied themselves unhooking the 22 hooks and eyes that ran the length of the front of her corset. Pauls tongue continued to play with her own as Andy's teased her neck and her earlobes. The last hook gave way and she felt it leave her and heard a soft thud as it fell to the floor. Paul's hands moved and he unzipped Heathers top as Andy busied himself once again, undoing Heathers skirt and petticoats, letting them drop to the floor.

Heather now stood in her bra, panties and stockings. She shivered as the brothers drew their nails over her back and torso in unison, a low moan catching in her throat as their lips and fingers explored her. The hands across her back moved up and expertly undid the hooks on her bra. Hands slid up her shoulders and hooked under her bra straps, carefully taking them down her arms to then drop on the floor with the rest of her clothes. Paul moved down Heathers body and kissed across her throat, her décolletage and finally to her breasts.

He took a nipple into his mouth and sucked gently. Heather moaned and arched her back towards him, her arms rising above her head to come back down and rest lightly on the top of her head. Andy took this opportunity and kissed his way around the side of her body until he was in line with her free nipple. Taking it between his lips, he too sucked gently and Heather moaned deeply at the new experience of having both her nipples tended to simultaneously. The sensation was exquisite. The brothers seemed to sense what they were doing and their sucks turned into bites, bites to deeper sucks, each one at exactly the same time. Whilst they were paying attention to her breasts, their hands were divesting her of her panties. One hand in each side they expertly slid them over her hips and thighs to pool on the floor with her other clothes. Each brother put one hand on an arse cheek possessively and pulled Heather closer.

Unseen and unknown to Heather, Ian had got up from the bed and had taken his costume off. He then walked across to Heather and gently run his finger over her back, kissing her shoulder before taking his place on the bed once more. Heather shivered and moaned. Andy and Paul broke away from her and stood up. Heather looked from one to the other and smiled. They smiled back and each placed a kiss on Heathers lips. Heather stood and watched as they both started to get undressed.

"Heather?"

Heather swung around to find Ian, naked with a very prominent erection, a glass of wine held up in his hand.

"Come and get it." Ian said, grinning.

Heather grinned back and walked over to Ian. She reached for the glass but Ian moved it out of her reach.

"Sit down first." He said, indicating his knee.

Heather knew immediately what Ian was suggesting and climbed onto the bed, straddling his hips. She reached for the glass of wine from his hand which brought her face close to his. With his free hand he turned her face to his.

"Sit DOWN." He growled and kissed her.

A long moan left Heather as she lowered her hips onto him, his fully erect cock sliding into her easily. Ian groaned as her heat engulfed him and she settled herself down onto him, reaching for the glass of wine. Taking it from him, she wriggled her hips downwards, making him moan even more, his eyes shutting as she got comfortable. She took a mouthful of the wine and swallowed. Taking another mouthful she leaned forward and Ian opened his mouth to kiss her. As she opened hers the wine flowed between them both, a small amount escaping and leaving a red line from the corner of Heathers mouth down to her chin. They swallowed and continued their kiss as Heather started rolling her hips over him. 

His cock buried deeply inside her, he kissed her hard and his hands came up to gently capture her breasts. Heather pulled herself upwards until his cock was only just inside her. Short, quick movements over him made her moan constantly as she fucked him. He pinched her nipples and a high pitched groan left her, her hips still working her cunt up and down his cock slightly. Ian let go of one breast and he moved it under her, his fingers slid inside her and he found her clit. She broke the kiss and her head went back as he began to toy with her, rubbing lightly. Her eyes closed and she started to concentrate on what she was doing, Ian took the glass from her hand and put it back beside the bed then put his hand on her hip. 

Heather worked herself up and down Ian's cock, alternating her strokes from deep to shallow and back again, her moans matching her strokes, the tip of his cock rubbing the front wall of her cunt, his fingers now rhythmically moving with her. She put her hands on his shoulders and bent forward. Kissing Ian she bit on his bottom lip, eliciting a groan from him, his hips rising to meet her. Heather let go of his lip with a small snap of her teeth as she pulled it to its full extent. She drove down onto him deeply, her hips rolling as she fucked him, her head going back as she concentrated on the feel of his cock inside her, making sure he touched all the walls of her cunt deeply. Her orgasm was building and she became flushed as the warmth of it started to wash over her. Ian's hips moved up to her and a series of low growls left him as her warmth held him. 

Behind them Paul and Andy now sat naked on the bed watching as Heathers round backside moved, her back straight, her hair down her back, the deep purple colour a stark contrast to the rest of her English rose complexion. Both brothers had their cocks in their hands, stroking as they watched their brother fuck the young woman in the black stockings. 

Heather started to move faster on Ian, almost bouncing as they both brought her towards her orgasm. Ian's fingers worked fast on her clit, his face deep in concentration of her, his animal like groans ripped from him as she moved on him. With a sudden exclamation Heather bucked over him, her orgasm washing through her as her cunt swelled and captured his cock, her clit pulsing under his fingers. It was the only signal Ian needed as he moaned and emptied his swollen balls into her. Heather fell forward as she breathed heavily her body twitching as Ian continued to pass his fingertip gently over her clit. 

Ian opened his eyes and looked over Heathers head at his brothers. A small smile on his face as he raised his eyebrow at his brothers. Paul stood up and walked over to the couple. Bending over he put his face on a level with Heather. 

"Hello you." He whispered.

Heather looked up, her face flushed and smiled. Paul moved in and kissed her gently, taking her hand.

"Come with me." He said.

Heather looked at Ian and he nodded. She gave him a final kiss and rose from her kneeling position over him, his softened cock sliding out of her and she gave a soft moan as it did. Ian turned and picked up Heathers wine and handed it to her. He then picked up his beer bottle, took a deep draught and sat back with a sigh.

Heather took a mouthful of wine and allowed herself to be taken over to the double bed where Andy was sitting. She sat down on the bed and looked at Andy.

"Hello beautiful." He said smiling.

She smiled back and took another glassful of wine, emptying the glass. Paul immediately filled it again and Andy moved up the bed, leaning against the bed head and opened his arms. Heather crawled up the bed and into them with a sigh. Paul handed her her glass of wine and then got on the bed on the other side of her. Heather wriggled her backside into Paul as she lay with her head on Andy's chest. Paul turned towards her and nestled her into his lap. His erection could be clearly felt and she moaned softly again. Sitting up slightly she had a drink and then gave her glass to Andy who put it on the table at the side of the bed. He then turned back to her and kissed her. 

All 3 of them slid down the bed and lay flat, Heather between the two of them as they kissed her. Andy kissed her lips, Paul her shoulders and neck, lifting her hair to bite softly at the nape of her neck, making her moan once again. Andy's hands moved over Heather and he trailed his nails over her torso and up towards her breasts, Paul's hands moved over her hips and her thighs, making her squirm against him. She broke her kiss suddenly as Andy found her nipple and pinched it, pulling and twisting, not overly hard, but enough to make Heather gasp. Pinching tighter, Heather bit her lip and groaned, pushing herself towards Andy, who pinched even tighter as he watched her face, gauging whether she was going to say stop or if he should continue. He pulled her nipple out to its full extent and then let it go. Her breast bobbed back, bouncing and rippling beautifully.
