 Emily and I have been friends for years. But never anything anymore than that. Not that I'd never looked at her in that way. I'm a guy! If it has tits and a heartbeat I'm going to think about having sex with it. 

Five years ago Emily got married. She married a nice enough guy. He was stable and responsible. I was very happy for her. A couple of months after her wedding I got married to a woman, who in later years, I could barely stand. 

Recently I got a message from Emily pleading me to call her. I called her almost immediately. She told me her husband has left her. He said that he had found someone else and is leaving Emily and moving in with his new woman. Needless to say she was devastated. She asked me if I could take some time off and drive to see her. By this time in our lives I lived in the northeast and she in the southeast. Me, being someone who never turns down a friend in need, I said I would be there in a week. I set it up with work and told my wife I was going to see my friends for a week. She wasn't bothered since neither of us was getting along that well. I packed, jumped in my car at 4am and started my 10 hour drive.

The entire drive I thought about Emily. It's been 2 years since I went to see any of my old friends. My wife hated them all and I barely had enough money for day to day living, let alone vacations. I sold some stocks I had to finance this trip. I wondered what Emily looked like. She was always so beautiful. Long black hair, smoky eyes, and incredible legs. Emily was the kind of woman that made every other guy in the room jealous of you. If there was one thing about Emily that I didn't like it was that she was a bit slim for my liking. I tended to like women with a little more curves. But nonetheless she was beautiful. 

I pulled up to her house and knocked on the door. Emily answered the door in a bright yellow sundress. She was more beautiful than I remembered. I hugged her and told her how good she looked. She started crying almost instantly. I pulled her away and asked her why she was crying. She took a few steps back and said;

"Look at me. He left me because of how horrible I look. He probably left because he couldn't stand being married to an overweight horror like me." I looked her over as she stood in front of me. It was true she had gained a little weight. To me that made her all the more beautiful. She still had the same long black hair, smoky eyes, but now, adds more curves. Her legs were fuller and seemed to curve wider as they went up inside her dress. I wanted to follow them up, as I could almost make out the shape of her thighs. Her were hips wider and more voluptuous that I could have ever dreamed. Her belly pressed slightly against her tight dress, just begging me to caress and kiss it. Even her breasts, which used to be small, had taken on a much fuller shape and size.

"You are more incredible than ever." I said, "Any man that would leave a beauty like you is a fool."

"You're just saying that because you're my friend."

"Yes, that's true, but I'm also saying that because it's how I feel." With that she jumped back into my arms for another hug kissed my neck and whispered in my ear,

"Thank you." The feel of her body, the touch of her lips and the sexy whisper in my ear caused a stirring in my body. I had to pull away from her before she felt my growing erection.

******

We went out shopping for dinner for the night. We both loved cooking and we used to cook together for our significant others every weekend. The entire time we were rushing around the kitchen I couldn't keep my eyes off of her. Every move, every time she bent over and displayed her voluptuous ass that just begged me to caress it. A couple of times I was almost sure she caught me looking at her.

We sat down for dinner and talked about old times and all the crazy things we used to do. She asked me about my wife and I told her that we're not having a great time right now. I told her that we had been living in separate rooms for almost 6 months and haven't had sex in almost a year. 

"That's terrible." She said, "I'd go crazy if I went without sex that long."

"I always have my hand, and internet porn." I said. 

"That's why I bought a new vibrator."

"Oh yeah?" I said very interested and dreaming of seeing it in action.

"Yep, a nice one that works both inside and out."

"Sounds nice" I said uncomfortably. Emily and I had always talked sex to each other but it was all done in fun. Something felt different about this conversation. She sipped the last of her drink and said as she was picking up her dishes and moving to the sink, 

"Clean up and you may just get to see it."

The entire time I was helping her clean I couldn't help wondering if her comment was a joke or not. I dried the last dish thinking about her vibrator.

"Go and watch some TV. I'm heading upstairs for a quick shower." She said, turning and heading towards the stairs. I watched her go and head upstairs. I don't know if she saw me watch her because she whipped off the sundress halfway up giving me an incredible view of her ass and thighs. I told myself to calm down and watch TV. 

Sitting on the couch and flipping mindlessly through the channels I heard the shower turn on. I couldn't stop imagining being in the bathroom watching her. Watching the water glide down her body. Watching the trail of soap slide across her beautiful curves. The water shut off and I heard her rustling around getting dressed. A few minutes later she came downstairs. She was wearing a robe, and by the looks of it, nothing else. She sat down next to me and took the remote control from my hands. 

"Nothing on?" she asked.

"No, not really." I said, basking in the scent of her showered body.

"Well, maybe I can find something for you to watch." She said, turning the TV off and standing up in front of me. She pulled the vibrator out of her robe pocket and showed it to me. "See, here is my new friend." It was blue and curved. It had a second part that massaged her clit while it was inside her.

"You want to see how it works?" She asked.

"Yes." I barely forced out of my mouth. With that she smiled and dropped her robe. I got to see her entire beautiful form on display in front of me. Her thick body was so incredible. Her breasts were so full and topped with perfect erect gumdrop shaped nipples that begged to be licked. Her belly curved so nicely and shapely on to her wide hips. Her thighs, strong and bursting with sensuality formed a path towards her smoothly shaved valley. I could imagine how sweet she tasted. 

She lies down on the carpet before me and slowly spread her legs. She ran the now humming vibrator over her perfect breasts making those nipples all the more harder. She slid it down her tummy and teased her thighs. A throaty sigh left her lips as she looked up at me. 

"I don't know where each of us are in a relationship right now. So I don't think sex, as much as I want it, would be the best idea." She said.

"I understand."

"But, I want you to cum with me. I want to watch you while you watch me." She said, her smoky eyes gazing up and down my body as I stood up to remove my clothes. 

I stood over her, naked, slowly stroking my rock hard cock and watching her work her vibrator in and out of her sopping wet pussy. Her moans were getting louder and I could see her body shake as she fucked herself faster and faster. Her mouth open and her eyes closed as she worked herself closer and closer to orgasm. I knelt beside her still stroking my cock. She opened her eyes and watched my hand stroke myself. 

"Oh yes," she moaned. "I love watching a man stroke his cock."

"You know I'm this way because of you!"

"You really like my body?" she asked arching her back with a jolt of pleasure.

"Oh god yes!" I cried, "You are so sexy, so beautiful."

"Oh, yes..." she moaned. "I'm going to cum!" Her ass bucking with each thrust of her vibrator. "Cum with me baby. Cum on me." 

"You want me to cum on you?"

"Yes, oh god yes, cum all over my tits. I want to feel your warm cum all over them." She cried. That was all I needed to hear. I aimed my aching cock at her full tits and let loose. Jet after jet of cum flew from my cock and covered her tits. Each load hitting her forcefully. She started to scream with pleasure.

"Fuck I'm going to cum. I'm going to cum.....I'm cummmming!" With that a stream of fluid shot out of her pussy. Her body shaking and convulsing as a fountain of lust shot from between her legs.

She lay back, spent. Her legs shaking still and her breathing heavy. My cum dripping off her beautiful nipples. 

"My god that was incredible." She said. 

"Yes you are!" I said.

"Oh, yeah, did I mention I'm a gusher?" She giggled.

"No, but I wish you would have."

"Why?"

"Because I would have been standing in front of it."

"Perhaps that could be arranged, next time." She smiled.

This was going to be an interesting week.