 Authors note: This is just my second story on Lit. I appreciate all the interest people have shown in my first story. Your votes and comments are really appreciated and it really encourages me to continue writing. Hope you enjoy this one too... Madeleine

*****

The bad thing about flying to New York is the fact that it is such a short hop, that it is very rare for most of the passengers in the cabin to be asleep. In addition we have two crew members less than on most long haul flights and with no break time in the crew rest either, the chances are very slim for me to recruit a new member to the most elite club in aviation. Besides these poor chances to nourish my cravings, our lay-over time is short as well. Just one day and a half in New York before our trip back home. The good thing however is the shopping. As most women, I absolutely love shopping for the latest fashion apparels and am particularly fond of lingerie. The price in France for some nice lace thongs or sheer knickers are extraordinary compared to those you can find in the The Big Apple and as you might have read in my stories, I'm often in need for some new undies. 

That is why I was at one of the main department stores browsing through the lingerie section when I first noticed you. It was near the end of the year and Christmas promotions were already put out on display. You were lingering at a display of Simone Perele, one of my favorite brands, which is at least twice as expensive back home. The long black winter coat you were wearing fitted perfectly with your height and broad posture. Your face looked very masculine with low cheekbones that showed a dark course two day stubble. 

The flight the day before had been like most other New York trips. The short enjoyable moment of an orgasm I had achieved masturbating in one of the lavatories had left me hardly satisfied. Instead it had just gotten me even more bothered and frustrated without any opportunity of getting my wet pussy stuck on a nice hard cock the remaining flight. By the time we had landed and I had made it to my hotel room down town, I was so horny that I could barely wait to get my Tiger. This is one of my favorite toys from Fun Factory, which I always travel with in my suitcase. The soft silicon toy has a slight curved flexible 6 inch shaft which is shaped like a real penis and with its girth of about 4 ¾ inch and a bulging base for clitoral stimulation, it really is the next best thing to a real cock. 

Still dressed in my uniform, I stood in front of the bay window of my room on the 31st floor of the Novotel, looking out over Time Square with the hem of my dress pulled up to my waist and the lace panties pulled aside to allow me to rub the buzzing fake cock along my pussy. Besides the excitement I get from flying, I'm also a bit of an exhibitionist and love the thrill of public places. My pussy lips were swollen and wet. It did not take long for the soft ribbed silicon shaft to become slick with my cream and for it to make its way to my longing entrance. The feeling of the thick tip stretching my lips made me quiver causing me to steady myself against the window as I slowly drove its entire length deep inside of me. 

With one finger hooked into the ring shaped base and my thumb on the control buttons, I slowly started to push and pull it back and forth. Each time it hit rock bottom, the bulging base would rub my clit, causing me to gasp for air as jolts of shear ecstasy rushed from my little sensitive hard button all through my body. Easing my Tiger back out, its curved tip would rub against my g-spot, making me quiver even more and causing my juices really starting flow. Easing my pace and continuously adjusting the speed and intensity of the vibrations I tried making this pleasurable feeling to last forever. 

I had turned around, leaning my bare ass against the cold glass so I could unbutton the top of my dress with my free hand. Instantly it had found my breasts and heaved them from the confinements of the lace demi-cup bra. My nipples were sensitive and hard, with the puffy goose skin areolas pointing straight up, begging to be touched. Pinching one of them, just send me to new heights and as I kept edging on the verge of a shivering orgasm. Bending at the hips, I looked down between my legs onto the city of NY, while I kept thrusting my Tiger in and out of my wanton cunt, all for the world to see. 

Deep down I wanted to be seen, the thought just driving me wilder as the pace of fucking myself with this wonderful buzzing cock toy increased. Standing back up, I turned back around. This time leaning my upper body against the window, pressing my bare breasts against the bay window. The touch of the cold glass caused my nipples to get even harder. My legs were apart with my hand vigorously jabbing my pussy with the buzzing pink toy. With the intensity set to max, I was out of control now. One, two last deep thrusts and I started to cum. Panting and moaning against the cold glass, causing it to fog up with my hot breath. My body trembling and my legs quivered till I finally sank down onto the fluffy carpet of my room. 

That and a similar repeating session under the shower later in the evening should have been enough to satisfy my cravings. It had, till just now. There is something about a handsome man browsing through lingerie to buy for his wife or girlfriend. It takes confidence for a man to be looking around and picking out all those delicate garments which cover a woman's most intimate parts. As I walk up to your direction I noticed the ring on your left hand in which you carry a number of sexy items of black, white and red lace. It does not take me a lot of effort for you to notice me. My coat is open leaving my voluptuous breasts on display outlined under the beige cashmere sweater I wear. It hugs around my rounded orbs perfectly. Just briefly bumping into you as I grab a random black bra from the rack you were browsing through was enough. Your eyes gaze briefly at my feminine curves before they meet my smile. 

"Shopping for some Christmas presents as well?" I ask.

"Trying to make up my mind what to buy my wife," you respond while you do your best to be inconspicuous as you check me out. 

Your eyes roam up from my brown knee high boots along the beige woolen thigh high socks, leaving just an inch or so of my upper thigh bare, before they meet the checkered woolen shorts that cover my ass. I love the way a woman can captivate a men by her outfit and even more so the way it causes men to check me out. Their roaming eyes make me all feel squashy inside. 

Your gaze pauses at my breasts when you continue by saying, "Maybe you can help me choose and tell me which outfit she might like best."

Though flattered by your suggestion, I tell you that it would be very hard for me to make that decision for you. After all it depends greatly on the occasion, when and for what type of setting she would be wearing it. Something just for in the bedroom, for daily use or for a night out dining or dancing perhaps, all would need something entirely different. 

"I'm planning to take her out to a gala dinner for Christmas ," you say. "So I'm looking for something that she would feel comfortable with wearing out for our date, yet also would look hot and sexy enough to entice me with when we get to our hotel room which I have booked for us." 

"That should really be your choice then, you know her best after all," I respond with a flirting smile. "But perhaps there is a way I can help you decide."

You look at me a bit questionably so I ask you to show me what you have picked out so far. Without objection you let me take over the garments to go through them one by one. At least you are a guy with good taste. Most of the outfits you have chosen include a garter belt to wear with stockings, something I like wearing myself very much too. There are a few strings, but also a few nice bikini bottoms, all with matching bra's or top. I notice the cup size, 34D, on one of the bras, which is the same size as me. 

"I would not go for any of these," I tell you as I take out a set by Chantelle and two from La Perla. "Not sophisticated enough."

You don't object as I put them aside. 

"I presume she would be wearing something black," I continue, "so her undergarments should match."

I take out the white and red sets of lingerie, which leaves just three outfits. A nice corset with attached suspenders and lace bikini bottoms from Dita Von Teese, a very spicy lace bustier from l'Agent Provocateur with demi balcony cups, which probably would not cover much at all, and had matching lace shorts and garter, plus a revealing thin sheer bra from Thistle & Spire complete as well with sheer thongs and garter. 

"Do you think you can make up your mind from these three?" I ask.

Your eyes jump from looking at the outfits and my body as I flirt by holding them out one by one in front of me. 

"Perhaps I could make a better decision if I could see them on," you tell me boldly. 

That was exactly what I hoped you would say, but without letting my premeditated intentions show, I look surprised and ask coyly if I had well understood your insinuation. You convey again to me how hard it is to imagine the difference between the three and since I look to have about the same size as your wife it would be the easiest way to make up your mind. 

"OK," I agree, "On one condition."

"Which is?" 

"After you have made your pick for your wife out of these three, you will have to get the other two for me."

With close to 300$ worth of outfits in my hands, this is mere a test to see how eager you are to see me modeling some sexy lingerie for you. Your smile already lets me know we have a deal before you tell me that you are happy to honor my demands. Only by then, getting two free sets of lingerie is not the only thing I have in mind. As you follow me to the changing rooms I can feel the excitement taking its effect. With each step I feel my pussy tingle and by the time we get to the changing rooms my nipples are trying to poke a hole through the silky CK bra I'm wearing. The hard cony little butts well defined under the soft cashmere sweater catches your eye while I show the female store clerk the amount of items I'm taking with me. 

"Can my husband come along so I can show how it looks?" I ask her. 

"He can wait in front of the stall so you don't have to come out," she says while she looks at you briefly. "Oh, and make sure you fit the panties over your own."

I can clearly see the disappointment on your face when you realize that you would have to do with me showing off these sexy bottoms on top my own. You are about to ask her about that last comment when I give you a quick wink and pull you along towards the last stall. As instructed I let you wait outside while I close the door to get changed. The short paneled door left 1/4 open at the bottom, allows you to see my feet and lower calves if I stand close enough. The back wall is a floor to ceiling mirror with a little stool in front of it, which I use to get my boots of. Deliberately I stand towards the side of the door while I slip off my shorts, followed by the thigh high woolen socks. Although I can't see you, I know you are watching my hands as I roll them down over my calves one by one. Well aware that by the way my feet are positioned you can fully imagine how I stand there on the other side of the door facing the mirror with my legs slightly parted and bend down at the hip for my hands to reach my feet as I take them off. 

Looking back in the mirror I notice the swell of my vulva outlined under the silky thin CK nude thongs I have got on. The thought of teasing you, a married man helplessly trapped by my conning advances, really is tantalizing. It would not take long before my excitement would start to show through. As I remain looking in the mirror, I pull my sweater off and deliberately let it fall to the floor so you can tell I'm almost naked. Like a carefully planned scheme, I hang my bra on the little hook to leave you wonder if I have been wearing anything underneath my clothes at all. Briefly I let my breasts enjoy the free air. My nipples standing out like little pencil erasers from the dark puffy areolas. Briefly I give into my urges and grope the full soft flesh of my tits with both hands, rubbing and squeezing my nipples between my fingers. 

I have to be careful not to get carried away. Sitting back on the stool I firstly slip on the black stockings, making sure to stretch my leg towards the door for you to see I'm putting them on and that I will be soon be wearing one of the outfits you have picked out. After I have hoisted the other leg in the sheer stocking as well I stand back up and have to make a choice of which outfit I would be trying on first. In fact I'm deciding which one you would most likely choose for your wife, because the second and third items I will be putting on to model for you will for sure get spoiled by my horny pussy. The corset is by far the most stunning and elegant with the lace bikini bottoms, so I'm going for that one. 

Perhaps I should have actually left it for last, as closing all the tiny catches is harder than what I had imagined. Plus it might have been much nicer for you to have helped me. In the end I manage by closing them with the corset reversed around my waist and twitching it back around after I was done. Pulling it up I slip the straps around my shoulders and adjusted the lace cups over my breasts. From under the door you can see how I step into the lace panties before I finish the outfit by clipping the suspenders to the thigh high stockings. 

One last look in the mirror then I turn towards the door and open it for you to see. Your lustful eyes piercing through the sexy lace garment stretched around my olive skin. I can feel them burn on my hard nipples which are clearly visible to you. Your eyes roam down towards the lace bikini bottoms and even though I'm wearing them over my nude thongs, you clearly can make out the cleft between my swollen pussy lips and the dark patch of moist that is penetrating through them. At the same time I notice the bulge protruding under your slacks as you walk towards the open stall. 

"Hmmm, this one sure looks very hot," you say to me with a cheeky grin. "But it would have even looked a lot better without your own undies underneath."

"I don't think these would remain proper for you to buy as a present for your wife if I did," I whisper, hoping you will take the bait as I rub my fingers along the black lace panties. 

Like you knew exactly what I wanted to hear you tell me that you have already made up your mind.

"I will get this one for my wife, but if you still want the other two you will need to model them without your undies underneath," you insist. 

"OK, but could you just undo these for me so I can get changed?" I tease while turning my back towards you and pointing out the 20 or so little hooks that hold the corset. 

Eager to help you step closer. When I feel your hands at my lower back to start and undo them, I lean forward slightly to give you a clear view and at the same time it allows me to push my back into you. You struggle with the tiny clasps while I grind my ass against your groin. Your hard cock feels big and hard under the slacks you are wearing. Teasing and making a cock throb and ache for release is such a turn on for me that I can feel my pussy squirm under the thin material of my panties. Your hands have managed to work their way up and just when you undo the last two clasps I hold the corset in place against my breasts before standing back up and turning around to face you. 

"You will have to wait outside now," I say, and step forward towards you to force you out of the cubicle.

Your eyes are filled with lust, drooling at my full naked breasts as I lower the corset and push it in your hands before closing the door at you. Just like before I turn to face the mirror with my ass against the door. The suspenders come undone easily and I follow by pushing the black lace bottoms down over my hips to let them drop around my ankles. Knowing that you are standing back again to observe what is going on by peeking under the door opening, I also let my own panties drop to the floor. After stepping out of them I stand with my legs apart and bending down from the waist, I stretch my arm to get the two skimpy little garments. The silky nude material of my CK thongs show a large dark patch from where they had covered my mound and even the lace bikini bottoms feel damp. Just to let you know how horny I am, I toss them out to you from under the door. 

"Undoubtingly my intentions are clear, but would you be willing to be unfaithful to your wife and risk fulfilling my desires right here?" I wonder while picking out the next outfit to wear.

Ready to tease and torture you some more, I chose the sheer outfit from Thistle & Spire. The very fine mash material just feels like a second skin hugged around my breasts and is very see-through. I close the 4" wide garter belt around my waist. Sitting above my hips it flattens my tummy under the same sheer mash as the bra. Even the undies are not made to leave anything to the imagination. Stepping away from the door to leave you in suspense, I put them on. As I pull the thong up between my bum cheeks I look in the mirror to see how my clean shaven pussy lips are clearly visible. The thin sheer fabric pulled tight along the cleft between the two swollen labia. 

This time I just edge the door open slightly and with just showing my head around the corner I call you over. At the same time I take a quick look at the other direction and notice that luck is on my side and the store lady is not there that moment. 

"I don't think I can show you these out in the open," I say. "You better come in to have a look."

Using the door to shield myself from your view I let you in. As you close the door your mouth almost drops to the floor when you see me. Your eyes can't seem to decide where to look, switching between my boobs and perfectly visible mound. At the same rate your cock twitches in your pants, desperate to be released from its constraints. Soon it will be, because I won't be able to tease you like this for much longer. My nipples are aching against the sheer fabric, ready for your touch. If you will, I know you will go all the way. 

"Are you sure you made the right choice?" I ask while running my hands along the side of my breasts. "Looks hot, doesn't it? And so soft, you should feel it." 

Briefly I let my fingers graze across the tip of my nipples and watch you battle the final struggle between your morals and desires. The last one clearly winning as I step towards you and your hands come up to cup both breasts. A soft moan escapes my lips at your touch. The dam is broken, your lust has taken over and you passionately start to squeeze and knead my boobs. I lean in to kiss you and at the same time my hand finds the zipper of your slacks, which I swiftly open. Your cock throbs under my touch as I take it out and wrap my fingers around the thick hard warm flesh. Due to all my teasing it is already slick with pre-cum.

"Sit down," I instruct you and motion you back towards the stool near the mirrored wall. 

You follow my directions, backing up to the stool while I continue to slowly stroke your cock in my hand. After you sit down I stand over your lap, still holding your cock in one hand. Slowly I squad slightly down till I can rub your cock head along the nylon mash of my panties. Your gaze focused right down where I slide your throbbing head along the cleft of my pussy lips which are protruding through the sheer material. Putting some more pressure on it they part to let your cockhead push the panties in between them. My clit appears out from its little hood right above it, which I also treat with some soft rubbing of your cock. Watching me tease you like this, with the entrance of my pussy protected by this thin sheath of fabric together with the sensation of the fine nylon mash on your cock mixed with the slick juice of my pussy and your pre-cum, is driving you crazy. Your cock twitches each time I run it across my enflamed button and when I slide it back down between my pussy lips you flex your hips up eager to enter me. 
