 CHRISTMAS STOCKINGS. The inside story!

Within the last 24 hours, following far too many months of celibacy, I had struck gold. Twice. You know how it works, no buses in sight, then two come along together, and the upcoming Christmas Holidays promised even more. 

I was still a virgin when Carol Bishop had one night mistakenly entered my camping tent, and earlier today we had both celebrated that 12 year-old horny memory in one of the bedrooms of the vast home of Kamile Ferrer, her Turkish sister-in-law, and who was also my client. Rachel, my other childhood sweetheart, platonic friend and workmate, who I had also moved up a level with only yesterday in the privacy of my office, was understandably curious as to what I had been doing all this afternoon. You can read more about my escapades with these women in previous narratives.

My name is Thomas Graham, a 29-year-old architect working out of an office in the City of London. Divorced, I live alone in a first-floor apartment in Kingston, a few miles outside of the city. Due to her work schedule, I see little of the Virgin Atlantic stewardess I first met in Paris this summer gone. Lisa Andrews now works out of New York, but is due back in the UK for a layover at Christmas. 

Late November 2006, Saturday Evening

"Did you fuck her, Tom?" Rachel's voice sounded shrill through the voicemail.

This was the message waiting for me when I got home late that chilly evening, exhausted but highly intoxicated from my couple of hours' horny reunion with the dirty Carol.

The message was left at 7:35, two hours ago. I poured a scotch, settled on the sofa and, with pangs of guilt, dialed her number.

"Hi Rach, what's up?"

"Can we meet up tomorrow? I have some news for you."

I breathed a sigh of relief. Yesterday I'd had sex with my platonic friend for the very first time followed, barely a day later, by the aforementioned unexpected tumble with Carol.

"Yes of course, I had planned to meet my mum in the day, I promised to take her into town Christmas shopping. I can put her off if you want."

"No Tom, don't do that, can we make it the evening?"

"No problem, my place or the office?" Having sampled the ingredients, I wanted more.

She laughed, "After yesterday, definitely not the office, maybe your place, much later," she teased.

My hardening cock replied for me, "Hmm, how about my place, much sooner?"

Rachel giggled, "Down boy, we need to chat first."

I tried to hide my disappointment, "Okay, how about the New Inn on the Common?"

"Sounds good, what time?"

"Seven thirty?"

"Okay, fancy eating too?"

"Good idea. Umm, before you go Tom, how did you get on with Mrs. F.?"

My capricious client Mrs. Ferrer, as Rachel had warned, had come on to me strongly earlier in the day but, as it turned out, only to set me up with Carol, who I had not seen in over ten years. Despite that, Kamile had hinted at one day in the not too distant future taking our relationship well beyond the professional level.

I was fully prepared for Rachel's question and answered promptly, "Got the drawings signed so we can go to the planners now, and if you speak to your dad tell him I got the cheque for her account." Rachel's father was my boss, and she too worked in the same office as a graphic designer.

"You must have been there ages Tom, I phoned you twice, and your mobile was switched off."

"I went to football first. Checking up after just one fuck are we?"

"No, I wasn't checking, you can do what you bloody well like. I was just concerned for you and the firm, that's all, knowing that family. And for the record it was two fucks, you have a very short memory darling." How could I have forgotten that? The reprise in the car on the way home, after some delicious office sex? 

"You don't have to be shitty, I had to go over the plans in great detail, you know how fastidious Kamile is, and I had a swim in her pool."

"Oh, so it's Kamile now is it?" she retorted indignantly. "So, did you fuck her?" she asked the question again.

"No I didn't," I replied honestly, "Mrs. Ferrer was the perfect host." As indeed she was. I thought it prudent to leave Carol out of the equation for the time being. And anyway, Rachel hadn't committed to anything yet, or was that what tomorrow was all about?

She relaxed when I informed her that I had a huge erection, true; and would shortly masturbate myself to sleep thinking of her, false. My mind was still focused on the kinky sex I had just experienced with the dirty Carol. We had first fucked on the floor with me underneath the sex-starved female, and then transferred to what had to be the largest bed in London, all unknowingly in full view of Kamile's CCTV. Later, on the bed I buried my cock into Carol's eager cunt from behind, and at the same time masturbated her asshole with a slim purple vibrator. The internal vibrations had got us both off in a big way. 

Later, we had stand up sex in the shower and where she proved she was still the kinky girl I had lost my virginity with in my teens. I wanked myself to sleep, but was too exhausted to cum. Inside 24 hours I'd had sex with two old friends, both of them married, been hit upon in a big way by my sexy client, also married, and West Ham had won. And I had thought it was going to be another uneventful weekend!

Before I did finally fall asleep, I emailed Lisa, my stewardess fuck-buddy, the events of the last two days, leaving out nothing. Everything to do with sex, we shared. That was our deal. I had no doubt it would turn her on and most likely drive her to further sexual delights of her own. All the same, I wished she was here for me to tell her in person, with my cock moving deeply inside her. To this day she is the most liberated person I have ever met, and that includes this afternoon's piece of pussy. Unfortunately, she was currently getting more and more attracted to a longer appendage of the darker sort on the other side of the Pond.

Sunday 7:30 pm

Being a fine crisp evening, the pub on Ham Common was busy, but Rachel had arrived there early enough to acquire a corner table away from the noisy group hogging the fireside. A bottle of Chablis occupied the centre of the table, two good glassfuls were already missing. Her face was hidden behind the enormous menu.

Rachel was dressed conservatively in jeans and thick sweater, her curly brunette hair flowing over her shoulders and shining in the flickering firelight. Her stockinged feet were clad in violent pink trainers. I was wearing a fleece jacket and cords. At this time two days ago, I reflected, we were both wearing considerably less, and fucking our brains out over my desk. She sensed my presence and lowered the menu. From her soft grin I knew her thoughts were on the same track as mine.

"So, what gives, Rach?" I asked after we had sipped from our glasses and broke a brief silence.

"Let's order some food first, Tom. You know how slow they are here."

At the bar I ordered and paid for a large lasagne for us both to share, and some garlic bread, and settled back at the table. 

"Kev and I have come to an agreement."

"About time," I grinned, "Go on."

"We have agreed to get divorced…"

"Hurrah!" 

She held up her hand, "…but not until next year when the merger goes through."

"For fuck's sake Rach, why wait until then?"

"You know the reasons, Tom. When the contract is signed, both Daddy and Kevin get to be directors of the new company. Financially it's a case of survival for Daddy, and Kev has to be seen to be married and a stable family man to take on the responsibility. After everything's signed no-one will be able to do anything about it."

Her father's company, Shawfields of Clerkenwell, was in financial difficulties and being sold to Kevin's family.

She saw me sigh in desperation and placed a hand on mine, "Wait! There's more."

"There has to be, Rach. Now we have started this, I want it to continue."

"So do I Tom, believe you me, so do I. Kevin naturally still wants to keep seeing his girlfriend but he realises that if I start to make noises it will get back to his Dad. Now that he understands that I have a right to some freedom too, he has agreed that we should secretly open up our relationship."

"Meaning?" Although I anticipated the answer.

"Meaning he can go on shagging his slut, while I can sleep with you sometimes." She grinned, "Assuming you still want me that is."

I grabbed her hand and discreetly pressed it to my groin. For once I was not erect.

"Oh," she joked, "So you don't want me then?"

"Leave it there and I might just grow on you."

She smiled weakly and removed her hand. "Tom, before we commit to anything I want to know what we do about Lisa."

With the thought in my mind of getting more sex in the very near future, my rising cock spoke for me, "Of course I will end it with her, as you know it's been cooling off for a while now."

Then she surprised me. "That's not what I meant at all, Tom, the opposite in fact. I was wondering if I could share you with her?"

The thought of having two women available to me with each other's consent excited me no end, but her suggestion puzzled me.

"But there's little to share, Rach, I hardly ever see Lisa these days due to her new rota, and you know that our future together doesn't look all that promising now she has a new lover." 

She sighed impatiently, "You don't get it do you?"

I shook my head, "Sorry, no. I thought you would see Lisa as competition, not someone to share."

"What I'm trying to say is that when Lisa does come to stay I would like to be there too."

Slowly, through the alcoholic haze, it dawned on me. I grinned with renewed lust in my eyes, "To watch or take part?"

"I think you know, Tom. I thought a lot about this last night. I fancy Lisa quite a lot, I really want to sleep with her, if she'll have me that is."

Now my cock was hard. I knew she was intrigued by the photo I had shown her of Lisa with another girl, even though it was fake, and had purposefully taken it home to study, but this was really a surprise.

"How do you know Lisa would want that, she might just want my cock," I replied.

Rachel ignored my untactful remark, "I know she fancies me too, Tom. I never told you that she has come on to me a couple times in the office when she came to see you. You know, touchy-feely stuff. Enough to know she wants to move up a level. Or two!" She grinned.

I was lost for words. She poured the remainder of the wine equally between two glasses and took a big gulp.

"So, Thomas Graham, when are you going to show me your new flat? Kevin's going to be gone all night doing you know what." I took an even larger mouthful and stood up, reaching for her hand.

"What about our meal?"

"Fuck the meal! It usually arrives cold anyway."

She grinned as we weaved our way between the tables, "You delicious horny person, you."

I laughed as I held open the door, "Takes one to know one!"

An hour later found us both naked beneath my duvet and joined urgently together at the groin. We made love on and off throughout the night, Rachel only returning home early in the morning to collect her work clothes, leaving me with a very damp sheet to put in the washer. This was the first time she had slept in my bed, her final release into infidelity.

We started work that week no longer as best friends, but as lovers, and it didn't take too long for the burly receptionist Beryl to realise something was going on. Unusually for her, she appeared to keep it to herself, possibly as she too was of a romantic nature, but more likely she knew the danger to the merger if it got out, and she made no secret of the fact that she detested Kevin. If Rachel's father suspected anything he didn't react although he might have taken umbrage to us screwing on his desk!

In the weeks running up to Christmas, Rachel and I spent the night together three more times, keeping our relationship secret from the fathers, particularly Kevin's. He conveniently continued to spend nights away in the arms of his own lover. The horny emails continued between me and Lisa and I let Rachel read most of them, but I excluded any mention of Rachel's budding bisexuality, I had plans for that at Christmas. Although Lisa knew of my horny afternoon tryst with Carol, I decided not to rock the boat by telling Rachel. Kamile Ferrer texted me to say she was going to Ankara for Christmas so any sexual plans we had in that direction would have to wait until the New Year. I already had an invitation to the inaugural opening of the huge en-suite shower I had designed for her. I particularly looked forward to the opening of Kamile!

December 22nd 8:40 am

It was a frosty Friday morning when it sounded as though my door was being beaten down. Through the glass panel at the top of the door I spotted a familiar mop of red hair.

"Lisa! You're early darling."

My airline fuck-buddy was surrounded by cases and parcels, the taxi gratefully backing out of the courtyard. Somehow she found space to run forward and throw her arms around me. She was still dressed in her red Virgin Atlantic uniform, and dark blue fishnet stockings. My cock leapt at the sight.

After snogging me to death for a full five minutes she gripped my erection and sighed, "Tom darling, I need a pee, a drink and a fuck, in precisely that order."

I grinned back at my errant friend, with memories of the recent wet sex in the shower with Carol, "You can have all three together if you like?"

"Mmm, you dirty boy, you get better every time!" She peeled off her coat, "Go get my drink lover boy."

I took her favourite Desperados into the bathroom, and she took a big gulp as she squatted on the loo, knickers around her knees, and loudly peeing. Knowing her kinkiness for this, and encouraged by my outrageous fun with Carol, I placed my fingers between her pussy lips and let the warm liquid flow through my fingers, while with my other hand I stimulated her clitoris. By the time she had finished, she was shaking with desire. Needless to say I was on fire myself, we hadn't had sex together since August. Next summer I was to observe the randy widow Susan Marshall masturbate herself while peeing. But that's in another story.

With exaggerated devotion, I patted Lisa's pussy dry with a tissue and, pointlessly pulling up her pants, we hurried to the bedroom, discarding our top-clothes Hollywood-style in a trail across the floor.

"All the way from Melbourne I have been thinking about your cock, Tom, I've missed you so much, especially after telling me about all the horny things you have been up to."

As she squeezed my erection through my boxers I thought it prudent not to raise the subject of the very-well endowed black alternative she had been entertaining these past few weeks.

Lisa and I literally fell together on the bed, laughing and pawing at each other, and slowly got lost in our very first prolonged deep kiss, our tongues lashing together in total passion, while our hands explored each other's most intimate parts. Our urgency belied the fact that we had the whole holiday to renew our lust for each other. As we kissed I was half on top of her, pressing my erection into her thigh with slow thrusting movements as though I was already inside her pussy.

Our mouths parted and she let out a long breath and then, pulling out from underneath me, quickly moved off the bed to stand next to it. She shed her panties and top in one swift motion and jumped back onto the mattress wearing only, at my request, her indigo blue fishnet hold-ups. We were kneeling facing each other now, her lips again sought mine and she reached down to start pulling my pants off too, her hands more often trying to stroke my cock than making any progress at undressing me. Very soon we were both panting with outright hunger for each other.

Gently pushing her back on the bed again, my hand slid into the warm juncture of her thighs to continue my exploration of her delightful body. Her thick pubic hairs, which guaranteed her to be a true redhead, were trimmed into a small triangle, the pubis also lined with her coarse hair. Her pussy lips, tantalisingly visible through them, parted easily in the wetness and warmth of her arousal as my fingers started to move more insistently. I jumped when I felt her toes reach out to tease my erection.  

As Lisa moaned and pressed herself up against my hand, I inserted a gentle finger into her opening, being careful to stay away from her already engorged clitoris. With my free hand I stroked the soft swelling of her breasts while my finger moved in and out of her naturally lubricated pussy. 

"Oh yes, Tom my darling, eat my cunt, no-one sucks my pussy like you do."

Emboldened by her dirty talk, I inserted another finger I leaned down to put my mouth near her clitoris and lightly dragged my tongue across it while I worked inside her. She tasted so sweet as my tongue lingered over her open slit, but I couldn't do what I really wanted to do in this position. Sliding down the bedspread I moved down between her thighs and spread them wide to give myself better access. She passed me a pillow to place under her bum.

I returned to the paradise between her legs and while I tortured her clitoris with soft circles of wet tonguing, I slowly began to finger fuck her soaking cunt. Her breathing accelerated and her hips gyrated as she pressed herself up against my mouth striving for the satisfying pressure of my tongue. I fingered her more quickly as she seemed to enjoy the sensation of my fingers moving roughly within her. While my free hand switched from one sensitive nipple to the other, my tongue alternated from moving briefly against her clitoris, flicking lightly in time with my stroking hand, then away to her upper thighs, savouring the leaking juices of her passion.

"Oh my God, Tom, this is so fucking beautiful. Make me cum please, I haven't had an orgasm since last weekend."

"Mmm," I groaned, my mouth pressed to her soaking wet flesh. I was having trouble holding her steady, aware of her approaching orgasm.

I looked up at her flushed face, "And cum you shall my dearest fuck-mate." On a previous occasion I had told her that one of he most thrilling moments for me when having sex is when a woman comes on my tongue. I told her it was my belief that giving pleasure was ultimately more satisfying than receiving.

And she had replied, "And for me it's the moment my man cums in my mouth."

I returned my tongue to Lisa's fuck-hole and she tossed her head back and forth in pleasure, calling out my name, urging me on, continuously requesting that I let her cum. Finally I relented, concentrating totally on her sensitive button, and when at last she was near orgasm, I focused on keeping the rhythm she wanted, fingers deep inside, thrusting, stimulating the furry surface of her g-spot, my tongue attacking her clitoris. 

The end came quickly as suddenly she stopped breathing, her body frozen as if in electric shock, and then erupted in moans of pleasure, her thighs clamping down on my hand.

Grinning like the proverbial cat, I helped work her down from her orgasm, mercilessly and ever more slowly driving my fingers in and out of her to keep the sensation intense, but not so much as to be uncomfortable. 

Lisa shivered as we both relaxed back, sweating freely on the covers. With a gleam in her eye she reached down for my cock. 

"Come here Tom, it's ages since I had this lovely fat boy inside me!"

She pulled me up to her, between her open legs, her swollen pussy glistening in anticipation in the moonlight streaming through the blinds. Pulling her knees up slightly she reached down between them putting my cock in line with its target. She gazed at my aching erection, leaking slowly at the tip. 
