 Jeez, I hated the city at Christmas. The people, the crowds, the non-stop parties, everybody frustrated at the long lines. It made working for a living nearly unbearable. I needed a break, and hoped the time off at Christmas would be enough. 

I had finished my shopping and decorating well in time for Christmas. I went to the obligatory rounds of parties, feeling that something was missing this year. I just couldn't quite get into the holiday spirit. I needed something special to pull me out of the doldrums. I was especially blue after my long time boyfriend had decided his young co-worker was worth throwing our relationship away for. 

I was home alone on Christmas Eve, drinking wine, drifting half-asleep as the clock ticked past midnight. I heard a quiet noise which brought me to my senses, and as I opened my eyes, I saw a man in a red Santa suit watching me from my Christmas tree. He was not bearded, but rather my age and tanned, with short dark hair and five o'clock shadow along his jaw.

He smiled and his eyes twinkled. He said "I have a very special gift for you this year. My elves have reported that you are in need of an extra special Christmas. I have just the thing for you. 

He walked towards me and opened his suit jacket. He was shirtless underneath and his abs were well defined on his hairless chest. He tenderly held my face in his hands and then gave me a long, sweet, slow kiss which curled my toes. I ran my hands along his chest, reveling in the feel of his chest. I did not like a lot of hair on a man, and his smooth chest and muscular frame was perfect. 

As I stood up after our kiss, I noticed a sizable bulge in his pants. I was beginning to guess what kind of "surprise" he had in store for me. We kissed again, and he ran his thumbs across my nipples, sending an electric surge straight to my pussy. 

I tucked my hands inside his pants and grabbed his ass cheeks and squeezed, pulling him into me. He pulled his mouth from mine and gently pushed me down on the rug in front of the Christmas tree. 

With the lights from the tree blinking and sparkling, we slowly undressed each other. I pushed his jacket off his shoulders, and he pulled my blouse over my head.

He unfastened my bra and my breasts sprang free to his loving gaze. I leaned forward and rubbed them against his smooth chest, causing my nipples to tighten into hard peaks. He looked me in the eye and smiled. 

I pulled the snap of his pants open, and got a glimpse of his hot, huge cock inside his boxer briefs. The sight of that lovely bulge hade my juices start flowing, as they hadn't for some time. I licked my lips and pushed his pants the rest of the way off, so he was left in only his briefs. 

He returned the favor for me, slowly sliding my slacks down my legs, running his hands down my legs as my pants came off. He ran his hands back up and into the vee of my legs, running a finger along my wet slit, feeling my wetness through my panties. 

We kissed again, chest to chest, with his huge cock nestled in the vee of my thighs. I reached down into his briefs and finally got my hands on his hot rod. It was much bigger than my ex, and I'd always had a fantasy of taking a big cock. I could barely get my hand around it, and when I placed one hand at the root, and the other on top of the first, there was still a good four inches uncovered above my hands. 

I knelt down and took the tip in my mouth, sucking gently. I ran my tongue from his balls back to the top, and around the ridge of his crown. He sucked in a breath and his cock jumped in my hands. I took him as deep in my mouth as I could, and started bobbing my head, sucking gently while twisting my hands in opposite directions.

He groaned, and started thrusting gently into my mouth. I was unable to deep-throat him as I'd never blown a cock as big as his before, but I got about half of his beautiful cock in my mouth, and hummed as I sucked, my hands twisting in time to my sucking mouth. I felt his breathing getting heavy, and he started tensing up. I sucked harder and faster, bobbing my head, pausing briefly to run the top of my tongue around the ridge. 

I took only moments before he blew his big load in my mouth. I fastened my lips over his big cock, and swallowed as much as I could. Some of his cum leaked out of the corners of my mouth, and after I swallowed all that he shot down my throat, I licked his huge cock clean. He never went completely soft, staying semi-hard as I cleaned him up. 

He softly whispered "your turn" as he laid me back and eased my panties down my legs. I opened myself to his dark gaze, as his eyes went smoky in the soft light. He knelt down, with his cock bobbing in front of him, and gently blew on my pussy. The feel of his breath made my pussy react, and I felt juices seep out of me and start a slow drip toward the floor. He gave me a long, slow lick, collecting my nectar on his tongue. He showed it to me before he swallowed and then waggled his brows at me as his head disappeared between my legs. 

I felt his tongue slowly lapping my pussy, but staying away from my clit. I enjoyed the sensation, as it had been so long since I'd gotten oral from my ex (although he had expected regular bj's from me). My hairless pussy was soaking wet, both from his attentions and my own juices. 

I felt him slide a finger along my slit and then he flicked his tongue across my clit. The shock was electric, and I felt my pussy clench in anticipation. I had in my mind the size of his cock and I wanted to feel it inside me, hoping it felt as good as my fantasy. 

He licked and sucked at my pussy, for what seemed like hours, keeping me on the edge of orgasm, teasing me with his fingers, but not letting me get too close. I stayed so close for so long I was thrashing, desperate for release. He suddenly thrust two fingers inside my pussy, stretching my walls, and curling his finger into my g-spot. I screamed and immediately came, gushing over his hand, such was my excitement. 

He left his fingers inside me as I calmed down, gently moving inside me. He whispered he wanted to make sure I was ready for him before he gave me his cock. I nodded, still unable to speak coherently from the orgasm he'd just given me. I'd never had a g-spot orgasm before and was reeling from the different sensations.

My pussy juices kept flowing as he kept his fingers inside me, gently moving in and out. He used his other hand to reach up and flick my nipples, sending more shocks to my pussy. I started getting impatient for his cock, and my hips began moving of their own accord. He removed his fingers and I suddenly felt empty. I whimpered in frustration. 

He moved back up and kissed me again, and I could taste myself on his lips. I felt his cock bumping my pelvis and it made me so horny I couldn't take it much longer. He turned over on his back and sat me on his pelvis, with his cock sticking straight up. I rose up and knelt over him, pussy juice dripping out of my hot box. Slowly I put the tip of his cock against my hole. It felt massive, but I was so excited that my fantasy was coming true, I wasn't about to stop. 

I gently sat down, forcing the head into my pussy. I stopped to get used to feeling stuffed. He stayed still and allowed me to control the speed of his entry. I pushed myself down a little farther, and then rose up again. Each time, I went down his cock a little farther, and left a trail of juices as I rose back up. In a few moments, I was seated all the way on his cock, feeling the tip bump against my cervix. 

I stayed there, relishing the feeling of being completely stuffed with a big, thick cock. As He started thrusting slowly, I felt my juices start flowing heavily. 

I flicked a finger over my clit, and the sensation coupled with that of being stuffed nearly made me cum. I started rising and falling in time to his thrusts, feeling my pussy walls clench his big cock as I came down. (Thank God for Kegels!)

He groaned each time my pussy squeezed his cock. Soon, we started thrusting faster, with his balls slapping his thighs. I clenched my pussy and I felt my orgasm start, and his cock started twitching. I felt a rush of cum splash my inner walls, and my orgasm intensified.

Both of us were breathing heavily, and as we came down from our orgasms, I felt his heartbeat thumping wildly in his chest. 

We grinned at each other, and his cock slipped out of me as he softened. He moved down and gently started licking me, cleaning my pussy of our juices, but staying away from my sensitive clit. Once I was cleaned up, I returned the favor, cleaning his soft cock of our juices.

He soon grew in my mouth, and I blew him to full hardness again. Once he was hard, he asked me to turn over and get on my knees. I felt his cock probing me from behind, and soon I felt him slide into my slick pussy. 

He slowly began thrusting into me, getting deeper each time. He ran his hand down my front and onto my clit, holding his thick finger on my clit as he thrusted his big cock into me. I started uncontrollably twitching and flailing from the sensations he was giving me. I was going blind from the pleasure he was giving me, and unable to control my body. I felt my pussy started convulsing in orgasm, bigger than anything I'd ever felt before. 

He rode me through one orgasm and straight into another. After cumming twice himself, he was good for a long hard fuck. I went into a state of continuous orgasm, as his cock stuffed me to my limit. His finger on my clit, he kept moving and just rubbing his finger in circles, pulling his cock out to the tip and then pushing all the way to the hilt.

He stayed with a slow continuous movement for some time, which kept me cumming. As my pussy pulsed around him, he started thrusting a little faster. He kept pounding me at this pace while my orgasms just kept rolling one into another.

I felt his cock start to twitch and he thrust as far into me as he could. I felt his cum spray my insides, and start dripping down my legs. I collapsed on the rug and passed out from pleasure.

When I woke up, he was spooning me, with his cock still inside me, half hard. I felt his hands on my breasts, gently rubbing my breasts. He looked down at me over my shoulder, and I smiled up at him. I wondered if he was just a fantasy who would disappear as soon as I woke up from what was surely a dream. 

Even as the thought went through my head, he said "Hi. I'm Patrick. Your best friend thought you could use some cheering up over the holidays. She let me in with her key while you were dozing earlier."

I wondered how I'd never met him when I knew everyone my best friend knew, or at least I thought I did. He explained he was a family friend of hers, who had been in the military and overseas for several years. He just returned home and was staying with her family for a while.

I was glad he wasn't a figment of my imagination or fantasies.

I could hardly complain at his actions, as I'd been a willing participant and had just experienced the most mind-blowing sex of my life! 

I confessed I'd ever had sex as good as what we'd just had and he agreed that it had never been as explosive with anyone else for him either. I asked how long I'd been out of it, and he said I'd been asleep only about thirty minutes. He said he couldn't bring himself to pull out of me, and his hands couldn't resist my breasts. 

I was glad he found me irresistible, as I was quickly becoming addicted to his cock! I grabbed his hands and rubbed them over my breasts and my nipples. I pushed back against his groin and he started moving inside me. He ran one hand down my chest to my pussy lips, gently massaging them until I started getting wet. He pulled his cock out of me until his cockhead was resting against my g-spot.

I gasped with the sensation. He started rubbing back and forth just across my g-spot. The sensations were incredible! He continued massaging and rubbing my breasts, as I lay there relishing the ravishment of my body. I'd never felt treasured before, and was floating on the ecstasy. 

As Patrick continued to massage my g-spot with the ridge of his cock, I felt a wave of orgasm roll over me. Patrick never stopped, just kept moving through it, and another wave came over the first. I'd never been multi-orgasmic with anyone else, and I was realizing how fantastic it was to orgasm over and over. 

I felt him swell inside me and I knew he'd be blowing his load soon. As another orgasm hit me, my pussy clamped down on his cock, squeezing and squeezing until I felt him shudder and a blast of semen flew out of his cock and coated my inner walls. 

He pulled out of me, and his cock softened. I moved down and cleaned him of all our juices. When I was done, he got up and returned with a warm rag, softly washing my private area and cleaning all the combined juices from my legs and pussy. 

I asked how long he'd be in town and he said he'd just retired from the Marines after twenty years, and was looking for the next phase of his life. I said I hoped he would stay in the city, and he grinned at me, saying he definitely wasn't going too far from the hottest sex he'd ever had!

I made a note to send my friend her favorite wine as a thank you for sending this Adonis to me. It looked like my Christmas doldrums were over.