 ***

Just another husband and wife sharing with a friend story ... if you aren't into exhibitionism, panties and wife-sharing, then this is not for you!

***

A great friend of mine was coming up to visit for the weekend. My wife and I had known him for a long time and he was one of those seldom-found male friends where you had no (or very few!) secrets and who you could really trust. I also knew for a fact that my wife - Petra - had a soft spot for him. We had sometimes even fantasised together about having a threesome with him and although it had never gone further than Petra and I having good sex while sharing and discussing a few fantasies, I often wondered what it would be like to actually go ahead and take things a bit further.

That evening as we lay in bed, I decided to broach the subject her. Petra was dressed in a rather plain white cotton nightie that wouldn't normally have raised much interest except that the material was so thin that you could easily make out the shape and colour of her breasts and nipples as well as the small, neatly-trimmed patch of pubic hair at her crotch.

I cuddled up against her back and cupped one breast with my hand.

'Hmm. Feeling horny are we?'

'You bet!'

'And what brought this on?'

I said nothing.

'Maybe we should invite Jason more often if this is what it does to you!'

She had said it in a joking manner, but there was a hint of something in her voice that made me think that she knew more than she was letting on.

'And if that were true, why would you complain?'

'Who said I was complaining?' She wriggled her bum against my cock. 'I love it!'

'You love what? The fact that I am horny or the fact that it has to do with Jason staying here?'

'That would be telling, wouldn't it?'

'Come on then ... I want to hear the answer!'

'Well it definitely has to do with you being horny ...'

'And?'

'It might have something to do with Jason staying over the weekend!'

'Might?'

'Might.'

'That's no answer!'

'OK. Yes. It is nice to see Jason again!'

I gently rubbed her nipple between my thumb and forefinger and was rewarded by her pushing back against my swelling cock as her nipple stiffened.

'To see him again? Just how much of him would you like to see?'

'That would be telling!'

'OK. Would you like to see some of him or all of him?'

'Er, well, maybe I would like to see all of him.'

'Hmm, you naughty thing! But then you would probably have to show him something in return. I mean, fair's fair, right?'

'Maybe. But then again, maybe I wouldn't mind doing it! And judging by the way your cock is shoving into me, I think you like the idea too!'

'You might just be right there!'

'What would I have to show him? My panties?'

She reached down and wrapped her hand around my stiffened cock.

'Yes, I think that he would like to see your panties.'

'Which ones?'

'Well, I would start with the pink stretch panties ...'

Petra climbed out of bed and opened the door to our walk-in cupboard. She disappeared inside and then returned wearing the pale pink knickers that I was referring to. They were of a thin, stretchy material that clung to her body and had a narrow crotch and thin waistband that curved over her hips. She had also put on a matching top - it had spaghetti string straps over the shoulders and clung to her slim body. The shape of her small breasts was clearly visible and I could see two small points where her erect nipples jutted through the soft material.

'Do you mean that you would like him to see me like this?'

'I think that that would be a good start, yes.'

She moved towards me and pulled back the duvet to climb back into bed when I stopped her.

'Wait. I have an idea. Why don't you go downstairs and get me a bottle of water in case I get thirsty tonight?'

'Grant, you can't be serious!'

'Come on, do me a favour?'

'But Jason - I don't know if he's in his room - he might see me!'

'Then you just have to think up an excuse ... and I'm sure he wouldn't object anyway!'

'Look, that was just a fantasy earlier ...'

'Come on. Please?'

She glanced at the bedroom door and I knew that I had won.

'OK. But just this once.'

She turned off the bedroom light, opened the door a crack and peered out into the dark hallway. The only light was the moon light streaming in through the windows which ran from the roof to the floor. Apparently satisfied that the coast was clear, she slipped out and scampered quietly along the hall and down the stairs. A minute later she came back clutching a bottle of water in her hand. Stepping in through the doorway, she pushed the door quietly closed behind her and clambered into bed, handing me the bottle of water.

I cupped her breast through the thin pink top and felt her pert erect nipple under my fingertips. Her heart was pumping wildly and I grinned as I looked at her.

'That wasn't so bad, was it?'

'Er, no. In fact it was er ...'

She took my hand and placed it between her thighs. I slipped my hand down over the smooth soft material that cupped her pussy and was surprised to find that her knickers were damp.

'Petra - that turned you on, didn't it?!'

'No kidding! I don't know why, but it turned me on, that's for sure.'

'Then maybe you'd better do it again?'

'OK! I think I should take the water back, but I have to put on something dry.'

She turned on the light and once again went into the cupboard and came back out again wearing a pair of violet cotton panties and a matching bra. The panties were bikini style and the bra was fairly conservative, but I could easily make out the shape of her nipples which were as stiff as I had ever seen them.

She walked over to the door and turned off the light. Opening the door wide, she walked out along the corridoor - much more slowly than the first time - and down the stairs.

I stood up and walked over to the door where I could watch her come back up the stairs. The moonlight shone over her body, giving her a surreal appearance and turning the bra and panties almost black in its blue-ish light. She walked back the corridor towards me and glancing over her shoulder, she undid her bra and slipped it off just as she reached the bedroom. I immediately bent down towards her and cupped her small breasts in my hands and kissed first one and then another nipple as she tried, but failed, to push past me into the bedroom.

'Grant!' she hissed 'Let me in!'

I let her by and she closed the door before flinging her arms around me and kissing me hard. As we finally peeled ourselves apart, she pushed me towards the bed.

'I need that cock of yours - now!'

Figuring that she was hot enough to be able to push a bit harder, I decided to risk it.

'Wait, one more time!'

'What? I need you now! I'm so wet ...'

'Go and get changed again and bring another pair of knickers with you.'

Without a word, she turned and did as she was told. She came back dressed in a pair of pale grey silk panties with a matching bra. In her hand she was carrying a pair of bottle-green cotton panties.

'Are these OK?'

'Yes. Give them to me.'

I took them from her and opened the door again.

'Wait here.'

Walking quietly along the corridor, my heart pounding with every step, I paused in front of Jason's bedroom and stood stock still, listening for any sign of life. There was nothing. Bending down, I opened the panties out and slipped one leg over the handle of the bedroom door and left them hanging there. Walking quickly back, I turned to Petra.

'So. I want you to go over there and hang your undies over his door handle and come back wearing the green ones!'

'I can't do that! He might wake up - assuming that he's even asleep!'

I kissed her hard and slipped one hand down and into her panties. She was sopping wet. I ran one finger light as a feather over her clit, causing her to gasp.

'You can do it - in fact, I bet you would love to do it, wouldn't you?!'

'No! Well, yes, but I'm just scared in case I get caught.'

'He's fast asleep. Go on.'

'Do you really want me to?'

'Yes!'

'And if he catches me?'

'Let's cross that bridge when we come to it, but it won't happen. I promise!'

She glanced at me once more and then slipped out and along to the door. I moved so that I could see her clearly. Reaching down, she carefully slipped the panties off the handle and lay them on the floor. Then she reached behind her and unclipped her bra and quietly peeled it off before cautiously hooking the arm of the grey silk bra over the handle. As she turned to me, the moonlight caught her pert breasts and I marvelled at how perfect they were. Not a hint of sagging and crowned by her fully erect nipples, I could feel my cock throbbing in excitement. Still facing me, she reached down and took the waistband of her silk panties and slipped them down, briefly revealing a neatly trimmed bush of pubic hair before she stepped out of them and hooked them over the door handle next to the bra. She stood and faced me, holding her clenched fists up in a winners pose and then bent down and stepped into the bottle-green knickers and pulled them up. She walked back slowly, walking proudly and erectly down the granite-tiled floor. As soon as she reached me, she grabbed my hand and pulled me into the bedroom, closing the door behind us. 

'Fuck me! Now!'

I held her hand and moved towards the bed.

'No. I don't want to make love, I want you to take me!'

This was a side of my wife that I very seldom saw. I pushed her back onto the bed and spread her legs, bending them at the knee as I did so. Tugging the soaking wet crotch of her panties to one side, I placed the tip of my cock between the soft wet lips of her labia and plunged into her with one hard thrust until our pubic bones clashed together. She gasped.

'Yes!'

I pulled back and thrust into her again and again until I could feel the first pulse of my approaching orgasm. All I was aware of was the way she thrust up against me; of how my throbbing cock slipped into her soaking pussy and the way the cotton panties rubbed against my shaft as I moved. Just then, she arched her back and groaned.

'Oh, God, I'm coming! Yes!'

This was more than I could take and I shot my load, my balls tightening as wave after wave of cum spurted out of me only to be swallowed up in the depths of Petra's pussy. As my climax subsided, I lowered myself down and we kissed tenderly. 

'Oh, man, that was good!'

'No kidding - I am wiped out!'

'I hope not - I need a bit more TLC from you, but first ...'

She pushed up against my chest. I got the message and went into our en-suite bathroom and washed. As I returned, Petra went in and came back a few minutes later and climbed back into bed beside me. She was still wearing the green panties and as I slipped my hand down, I felt the drenched material and briefly wondered how much of it was cum and how much of it was from her. I started tugging them down, but she stopped me.

'No, leave them on!'

I moved my hand inside the wet cotton and let my fingers run up and down the moist valley that I find there.

'Mmmm. That is good. Did you like me doing that?'

'Yes. It was incredibly horny! Thank you!'

'Do you like the idea of Jason seeing me like that?'

'Yes!'

'Tell me.'

This was an old game of ours and I knew exactly what she wanted to hear. She wanted me to tell her a sexy fantasy while I brought her off - fine by me!'

'I would like him to watch us now. I would pull back the covers of the bed so that he could see you.'

'And then?'

'He would peel off his boxer shorts so that you could see his cock.'

'Mmm. Is he hard?'

'Oh yes. Very! He's holding his cock in his hand and watching my hand stroking your pussy under your panties.'

'Oh.'

'I can see the pre-cum on the tip of his cock - he's close to coming!'

'Mmm. Me too!'

'He says that he wants to see your pussy while I masturbate you.'

'Oh, yes. Take my panties off so that he can see my pussy!'

I peel down the soaking wet material and she shuffles around to help me push her panties down over her shins and off one leg until the lie hooked around her left ankle. Her pussy is swollen and soaking wet and so I slip my fingers back down and continue to play with her clit.

'Oh, Grant, I'm so close to coming!'

'Spread your legs for him!'

Petra moves her legs apart without hesitation. If Jason had been there, he would have a perfect view of my beautiful wife wantonly spread before him.

'Jason's moved and is now kneeling between your thighs. He's masturbating faster now. It won't be long 'til he cums!'

'Oh, God, yes! Masturbate his cock for me!'

I continue teasing her clit and play along with the story for her.

'Hmmm. That's nice - his cock is so warm and hard - and I can feel it throbbing ...'

'Oh, Grant, make him cum!'

As I continued to gently run my fingertip over and around her soaking clit and pussy, Petra's hips started gyrating against my hand, tracing small circles under my fingers.

'He's about to cum Petra! I am jerking him harder now and he's kneeling up between your thighs!'

'Oh, oh ...'

'Wow! He's just shot his first load of cum over your pussy and tummy!'

'Grant! I'm coming! YES!'

As Petra bucked under my fingers I pressed my fingertips firmly against her clit and held them there.

'And now he's just sprayed your breasts with cum!'

'Oh, wow!'

With one last shudder, Petra flopped back onto the bed and pulled the duvet up over us both. I reached behind me and turned off the light before cuddling up to Petra under the covers. She turned her head and kissed me.

'That was a serious turn-on!'

'For me too!'

'I never thought that I would get turned on by exposing myself like that ... well, risking being exposed.'

'I found it really hot. In fact, ...'

I hesitated, unsure whether I would be going too far.

'In fact what?'

'Well. Would you do me a favour?'

'That depends! What do you want me to do?'

'I'd like you to give Jason and me some accidental flashes tomorrow.'

My heart pounded in my ribs and I waited for what seemed like ages before she answered me.

'What should I flash? And what do mean by accidental?'

'Just your knickers. Or go bra-less or something.'

'And what do you mean by accidental?'

'That it doesn't look like you meant for him to catch a glimpse of anything.'

'I'm not sure that I can do it! I mean, I've never done anything like that before!'

'Please Petra? It would really turn me on!'

'Let me sleep over it OK?'

'OK.'

'Goodnight. Sleep tight.'

'And you.'

I lay awake for a long time that night wondering what tomorrow would bring and where it would all lead.

***

'Shit, Grant!'

I woke up groggily the next morning with sunlight streaming in through a gap in the curtains and Petra sitting bolt upright in bed, her breasts free and a worried look on her face. She turned to me and shook my shoulder.

'Wake up!'

'I am awake.' I answered groggily.

'We left my undies hanging on Jason's door last night!'

Oops!

'Quick! Go and get them!'

Petra slipped out of bed and pulled her discarded nightie on before quietly opening the door and peeking out. Silence. She sneaked out and reappeared less than a minute later, clutching the pale grey underwear that she had discarded the night before. As she closed the door behind her, I took in the bottle-green knickers that were clearly visible through the thin white nightie she was wearing - as were her very erect nipples and cute little breasts.

'That was lucky - thank God for late sleepers!'

She climbed into bed beside me.

'Oh, I don't know - I'm sure Jason wouldn't have minded - wouldn't have minded finding your undies on his door handle or seeing you like that!'

'Yeah, I bet he wouldn't!'

'Well? Have you thought about what I said last night?'

'Yes.'

'And?'

'You'll just have to wait and see. Come on let's get dressed and go and get breakfast ready.'

'OK.'

*******

We had just finished laying the table outside on the terrace, when we heard the first sounds of movement from upstairs followed shortly thereafter by the sound of the shower running.

'OK. I'm just going to nip upstairs for a second. I'll be right back!'

I watched her disappearing through the kitchen door, her cute bum wrapped in a pair of tight faded jeans. She was wearing a white long-sleeved top and open-toed sandals which all-in-all looked to be rather warm for what was going to be another hot and sunny day.

I walked out onto the terrace and sat down on the bench, enjoying the early morning sunshine. 10 minutes later, Petra and Jason came out and greeted me. To this day I still don't know whether I was surprised or not when I saw that Petra had got changed. However, I do know that I felt the first wave of blood spreading through my groin when I saw that she had got changed and was now wearing a pair of thin white cotton trousers and a navy blue T-shirt. I have to admit, when I first saw her come out, my heart leapt into my mouth! Despite my asking her the night before, I never REALLY believed that she would actually go ahead and do it!

Her white trousers were so thin, that the panties that she was wearing underneath were clearly visible. Best of all though is that she had actually chosen to wear her bright orange cotton panties that I love so much. Normally she would never - OK, seldom - wear anything other than white undies with these trousers and if she did, then it was normally a thong which couldn't be seen.

I glanced briefly at Jason who was taking the opportunity to check out Petra's peachy ass. Looking down, I could see the bright orange cotton bikini-panties wrapped around her bum and even when she turned to face me, I was still able to make out at least the outline of the narrow crotch of her knickers, although they were somewhat hidden by the pockets of her trousers.

I followed Petra back into the house, leaving Jason on the terrace. As soon as we reached the kitchen, I grabbed her from behind and cupped her breasts in my hands, noticing immediately that she was bra-less and that her nipples were as stiff as organ stops!

'You did it!'

'Do you mind?'

'Mind? Christ no! I've got such a hard-on I can hardly walk!'

'I just feel a bit exposed and cheap!'

I let her go and turned to the coffee machine and started making three coffees.

'You're certainly not cheap even if you are showing your knickers!'

'I'm also a bit worried about what Jason will think ...'

'Judging by the way his was checking your bum out, I don't think that you need to worry too much there!'

She grinned nervously.

'Was he really?'

'Yes! He couldn't keep his eyes off you!'

'And you really don't mind?'

'The only thing that I mind is that I can only see your knickers through your trousers!'

Petra glanced over towards the terrace where she could see Jason sitting in the lounger with his eyes closed against the sun. Before I could react, she had unbuttoned her trousers and pushed them half-way down her thighs. I had a quick glance at her bright orange crotch before she turned around and showed me her cotton-covered bum. As she turned back to me, she pulled her trousers up, started doing up the buttons and grinned.

'Better?'

'Much!'

'That will have to do for now I'm afraid - we need to get back to Jason.'

'Then I'll start looking forward to later!'

I handed Petra a coffee, grabbed the other two and we walked back to join Jason again. Throughout a simple breakfast of freshly baked bread rolls and various jams, meats and cheeses, I noticed that Jason kept glancing both at me and at Petra, presumably trying to figure out what was going on. Breakfast itself was otherwise completely uneventful and we were all rather relieved that we were able to get out of the direct sun, which continued to get hotter and hotter as we ate. Once we had all finished, we tidied up and put everything away before Petra disappeared upstairs to brush her teeth. It was then that I had the chance to talk to Jason alone. Jason beat me to it.
