 After our long Thanksgiving weekend Jane and I had to return to the rigors of college life. Our classes became more demanding as we were heading towards the end of term so term papers were becoming due and finals were pending. Despite Jane's father's invitation to spend weekends at their home, I was unable to go, much to Jane's and my chagrin. We were only able to be with each other for short periods of time between classes and during our lit class. The good news was that Christmas was fast approaching so we would be together for the entire 2 weeks of break!

About a week before Christmas break I got a letter from Mother Superior. She told me about her conversations with Jane's parents. She said that they had donated $3.5 million dollars to the orphanage and that they had added Stan to their Board of Directors. She then thanked me and told me that she thought I was a wonderful boy and that I would go far in life. I could feel tears welling up in my eyes as I read this.

Jane's and my last finals were on the 23rd in the lit class where we met. When we finished we walked together to my dorm room to get my luggage. "So, how do you think you did?" Jane asked.

I told her, "Pretty well! How about you?"

Jane said, "I think I aced it! I felt really good about the whole thing!" When we got to my dorm room Jane looked around and said, "Two of you live in here? It's awfully small!"

I told her that, "Well, it's pretty standard from what I have seen. All you need is a bed, a desk a chair and a wardrobe! So, one side is Pavel's and one side is mine!"

Just as Jane and I were going to leave, Pavel, my roommate, came in the room. "Oh! Hey Tony, I thought you would be gone by now! This must be Jane! My name is Pavel." Jane took the hand he offered to shake.

I said, "Jane this is Pavel my roommate I have told you about. Pavel this is Jane."

Jane then said, "Nice to meet you Pavel." We stood and talked a while, mostly about how our finals went and when we thought we would be back following break. Jane and I then said our goodbyes and wished Pavel a Merry Christmas and headed for Jane's car.

When we got to the car Jane said, "Pavel seems like a very nice guy. Is he a good roommate?"

I replied, "Yeah! He's a physics major and really smart! The only thing I knew about physics people we're from that TV show, but he's really normal!"

Jane laughed and said, "Well, it just goes to show that you can't believe everything on TV!"

We jumped into Jane's car and headed up to Winnetka looking forward to two weeks off from school. We talked about how our finals went and about the classes we were going to take during the next term. We were so happy to be able to spend some extended time together the drive just flew by! When we got to Jane's house both of her parents were there to greet us! I got warm hugs from both her mom and dad, which really made me feel good! I was staying in Jane's room so I hauled my luggage up there and then headed back downstairs to catch up with Jane's parents.

I commended Jane's parents on their lovely Christmas tree and decorations. I then told them about the letter I received from Mother Superior and thanked both of Jane's parents for their generosity towards the orphanage. I asked Stan if he had been to any board meetings yet and he said his first one was in mid-January. He said that he had received about twenty emails from Mother Superior with financial reports, board meeting records and other items that she thought would interest Stan and prepare him for his duties. After a couple hours of talking Stan looked at his watch and said, "We have a dinner reservation at 7:00 so we should probably get dressed and get going!"

We all went upstairs to change. When we got to Jane's room I asked her, "So what should I wear?"

She said, "Khakis, a shirt and tie and your tweed jacket should suffice." Jane had stripped down to her bra and panties already while I was pulling my jeans off. She walked over to me then hugged and kissed me. It was nice to feel Jane next to me after so many weeks.

"I have been looking forward to this day since we went back to school!" Jane whispered in my ear when we broke our kiss. "I can't wait for bedtime!"

We went to a nice restaurant in town and had a great dinner. When we got back to the house we sat in the living room for a little while and then Bettina said she thought that she would go up to bed. We all thought that was a good idea so we all headed up. Jane said, "Why don't you brush your teeth and stuff first and then I'll go after you." I agreed and went down the hall to the bathroom. When I returned to the room Jane was in a bathrobe as she headed down the hall. I got undressed but left my boxers on and then sat on the bed for about 15 minutes before Jane came back.

When Jane entered the room she closed the door behind her and then undid the sash holding her bathrobe closed. As she opened the robe I could make out that she had something red underneath. When she opened it wider I could see she had on a very sheer negligee with nothing on underneath! My eyes felt like they were going to pop out of my head. As I stood Jane did a little pirouette and then stopped facing me. I was admiring the way her breasts swayed back and forth when she stopped. "So, do you like it?" Jane asked. As she asked this my penis popped through the slit in my boxers. Jane laughed, and said, "I think that is an affirmative!"

We then walked towards each other and hugged and kissed standing there for several minutes. We ran our hands all over each other's bodies like were trying to re-familiarize ourselves with each other's feel. Jane then kneeled down, pulled my boxers down and then took my cock into her mouth. It felt so good I looked up towards the ceiling, rolled my eyes back into my head and let out a low moan. Jane licked and sucked all along my length. She licked my scrotum and took both of my balls into her mouth while stroking me with her hand. It felt wonderful. After a while she reached between my legs and began rubbing her hand up and down the crack of my ass. She continued rubbing my ass crack for a few minutes and then took her mouth off me and said, "Spread your cheeks for me!" while looking at me with a twinkle in her eye. I reached back, spread my cheeks and wondered what was next.

I found out when I felt Jane's wet finger begin to caress and poke at my anus. At first I was a little surprised but after a while it felt kind of good. She removed the finger and when I looked down I saw she was putting it towards her mouth to moisten it and then she brought it back up to my ass. After several of times going back and forth she must have decided I was lubed enough because she pressed a finger up into my asshole! She pressed it up into me slowly a little at a time and would then pull it part of the way out. She would then repeat the process and push her finger a little farther up. In no time she had it all the way in me!

When she had her finger all of the way in she began taking my penis as far into her mouth as she could while swirling her tongue around it and sucking hard bobbing her head back and forth. And then she moved her finger around and hit something inside me! The feeling was incredible! My cock felt like it grew 5 inches and within seconds I could feel my orgasm take off. I grabbed Jane's head, pulled her to me shoving my dick down her throat and groaned, "FFFUUUCCCKKKK!!!!" and shot my load into her belly bypassing her mouth!

Jane kept me in her throat until my cock slowed down to small pulses. I looked down at her face and saw her eyes smiling up at me. When I finally finished she stood up and kissed me very deeply. When we broke the kiss I asked, "What did you do to me?"

Jane laughed and said, "I was massaging your prostate! I gather you liked it!" I asked where she learned that little trick and she said, "During the last few weekends I missed you so much I decided to research other ways to stimulate you!"

I told her it worked and then said, "Now it's your turn! I have missed your taste for weeks!"

I pulled the negligee over Jane's head and then guided her onto the bed. I stopped her at the edge of the bed while she was on her hands and knees. She put her head down with her left cheek on the bed and I then knelt down to lick her pussy. It was like being home! She was so warm and wet as I licked up and down between her vaginal lips. Every now and again I would probe into her with my tongue straining to get as far into her as possible lapping up as much of her dew that I could. I then moved down and began flicking my tongue at Jane's clitoris. That got her moaning and pushing herself into my face. I then concentrated on her clit exclusively and then sank two fingers in to her tunnel! As I began sawing my fingers into her and sucking on her clit Jane's moans got louder until she rasped, "I'M CUMMMING!"

When Jane's orgasm started she began squirting and I was ready for it. I drank her nectar in like a man dying of thirst in the desert! I then stood up and placed my cock at Jane's vaginal opening and pushed in slowly enjoying the warmth of her wet pussy. I picked up the pace of my thrusts a little and then maintained that tempo for a while. I looked down and saw Jane's anus staring at me forlornly so bent over a little and drooled some saliva onto her backdoor. I then took my right thumb and began smearing my spittle around and then slowly pushed my thumb into Jane's ass!

This really got Jane going. She began chanting, "OH FUCK! THAT'S SO GOOD! OH FUCK!" I picked up the pace as I fucked Jane's pussy and began pulling my thumb in and out of her ass. In a couple of minutes Jane announced she was coming again! I felt her vagina squeeze me and her ejaculate soak my legs and balls. I then pulled out of her pussy and pulled my thumb out of her ass and bent over and began licking and probing Jane's anus with my tongue. She then let out a low moan as she began pushing her asshole onto my tongue. I reached over to the nightstand drawer, pulled it open and fumbled around for the tube of KY that I knew that was in there. I uncapped it and squirted some on my penis. The KY combined with Jane's moisture made me really slick. I then pulled my tongue from Jane and squirted some more of the lube on and in her asshole and then positioned myself at her backdoor and pushed inside slowly.

Jane, aware that she didn't want her parents to hear, croaked out, "OH FUCK YES! OH TONY I LOVE YOU!" I pulled on her shoulders to pull her head up to mine. She turned her head to kiss me as I buried myself in her ass.

We kissed and then I said, "Look in front of you." Jane turned her head to see our reflection in her dresser mirror! Jane smiled and said that's wonderful! I then reached around her and fondled her breasts and pinched her nipples the way she likes. We continued like this for a while with my cock buried in her ass. I could feel her squeeze and release me several times.

We were both moaning until Jane, looking at us in the mirror, smiled brightly and said, "Tony, fuck my ass now please!"

As Jane bent over I released her tits, grabbed her hips and began slowly sawing in and out of Jane's marvelous ass! As I humped into her I thought that I would never get tired of how she felt. Jane began calling out, "HARDER, FASTER...FUCK MY ASS!" I began to pick up the tempo and began ramming into Jane's backside harder and harder! As we fucked we stared in each other's eyes in the mirror. Soon Jane's heat and tightness began to take its toll and I could feel my orgasm welling up in me. Jane was, by now, rubbing her pussy hard and fast and after a minute groaned out that she was cumming. I felt Jane squeeze me inside her ass, which sent me over the edge! I buried myself inside her, groaned and then shot my load into Jane's bowel.

Jane fell forward and I followed on top of her still buried deep inside her anus. We were panting very hard from the exertion trying to catch our breaths. I was going to roll off Jane's back but she stopped me and said, "Let's roll together. I want to keep you inside me." I wheezed back, "OK...now roll." We were lying on our right sides spooning with my cock still buried inside of her. Jane then began squeezing and releasing me with her anal muscles. I said, "OOH, that feels good."

Jane said, "I know!" She managed to keep me hard for a while but I, eventually, softened up and fell out.

We crawled up onto the bed and under the covers. I turned off the bedside lamp and then hugged and kissed for a while. Jane then turned over so her back was to me and we snuggled up close to each other. I draped my right arm over Jane's body and lazily played with her right nipple and Jane wiggled her ass on me. "Tony, that was the best yet! I must have had twenty orgasms! I have really missed being with you and not just because of the sex! I really missed holding and kissing and talking. I love you so much! At least we have two weeks to be together but what about after the holiday? It's going to be hard just seeing you between classes."

"I know," I replied. "We will have to figure something out. Maybe you could move into the dorms or maybe we could rent a house or something. Or maybe we could get married and live in married student housing!"

Jane turned her head and said, "I love you Tony and I would love to be your wife but I think we are a little too young for that right now. I always thought I'd get married after I graduated from college."

"I can wait until we graduate too. I'm thinking that I'll probably want to go to grad school." I said. "We have a lot of things to work out. Well, let's just work on one thing at a time." Jane agreed and then we drifted off to sleep.

In the morning I turned over and ran into Jane's back. She pushed back against me, moaned and whispered, "Good morning." I wrapped my arm around her, kissed her neck and whispered "Good morning. Did you sleep well?" Jane stretched and said she slept great.

We snuggled for a bit and then Jane began lightly grinding her butt on me. I could feel my penis wake up as she continued rubbing up against me. Jane then reached over her hips and grabbed my erection and began to slowly stroke it. I then grabbed one of her breasts and began rubbing and squeezing it and then began pinching her nipple. Jane moaned and began rubbing me into her ass crack back and forth. I was wide-awake now!

She let go of me, grabbed the tube of KY that was nearby, squeezed some into her hand and rubbed it between her ass cheeks and onto her anus and then did the same to my erection. She then grabbed me again and placed me at her anal opening pulling me into her ass. She then reached way back and put her hand on my ass then pulled me towards her. I slowly slipped into Jane's ass once again marveling at how wonderful it felt. I rolled my hips forward and continued slowly working my way in. When I was nearly all of the way inside her Jane lifted her leg up so I could slide just that little bit more.

When my penis was, finally, buried into Jane's anal cavern she sighed, "Oh Tony, I just love how you feel in my ass! I think I'm a genuine anal slut!" and then she giggled and said, "Don't move yet, I just want to savor this!" So we laid there for a few minutes with Jane's leg in the air with my dick wedged into her ass while I was playing with her boobs. Frankly, I was in heaven! A few minutes later I reached down under Jane's raised leg and began rubbing my hand through Jane's moist pussy. Jane sighed and said, "Ooooh, that feels nice too!"

Several minutes went by and then Jane turned her head towards mine so that we could kiss. We worked our tongues into each other's mouths tasting each other. Jane then said, "Tony, fuck my ass nice and slow!" I began rolling my hips back and forth so I could work my cock in and out of Jane's tight asshole. It didn't take long for us to start moaning. I began rubbing Jane's clitoris faster but maintained my slow fucking of her anus. The slow pace enhanced the feelings on my erection and I could feel my orgasm approaching. I whispered into Jane's ear that I was going to cum soon and she whispered back that she was too!

Not long after, Jane tensed up with a mighty groan and whispered, "Oh fuck, Tony!" grabbed my ass and held me all of the way inside her and came! When her bowel began squeezing me I couldn't hold off any longer and began shooting into the depths of her ass! At the same time, I could feel Jane squirting on my hand and legs! Jane let go of my ass and I pulled my hand away from her vagina. She then grabbed my hand and began licking my fingers. That felt so good my dick twitched a couple of times inside of her. Jane wiggled her ass in response.

After a while we got up and took turn taking showers (we didn't want to push our luck with Jane's parents). We got dressed and went downstairs for breakfast. Bettina was at the table reading the paper and drinking coffee as we came in. When she heard us she looked up and with a twinkle in her eye said, "Good morning you two! Did you sleep well? Your dad went to buy some bagels and croissants for breakfast." We both said that we slept great and poured some coffee.

When Stan returned with breakfast we toasted the bagels and warmed up the croissants then sat down to eat. As we were eating Stan said, "I have some bad news, your mother and I have to be in Austria tomorrow. There's a problem at our Innsbruck office that has to be dealt with immediately. Our flight leaves tonight! So, in light of that I thought we would do Christmas today."

Jane frowned and said, "What time does your flight leave?"

Stan replied, "It leaves at 6:00 pm so we have to be there by 4:30! That doesn't give us much time to give you our Christmas presents to you both!"

Bettina said, "You both need to pack bags with clothes quickly so we can leave by 11:00!" Jane asked, "Are we going to Austria too?"

Stan said, "As much as we would like that, no you're not coming to Austria. But, we think we got you something you'll like even better!" When we asked how much clothing we needed Bettina said as much as you can pack! Jane and I looked at each other with puzzled looks on our faces.

We went to her room so Jane could pack. I hadn't unpacked my stuff too much so I was done quickly. Jane packed two large suitcases then we hauled our stuff downstairs. Stan told us to put our stuff into Jane's car and that we were to follow them to our destination. Just before we were about to leave Jane yelled at her dad and said, "Wait! I need to grab something." She then dashed into the house and then came back with a gift box and put it into the backseat. "It's your Christmas present!"

We followed Stan and Bettina south towards the city following the route Jane and I usually take to campus. We stopped in front of a nice old house in a quiet neighborhood that was about three blocks from campus. As we got out of the car Jane and I looked at each other and then shrugged our shoulders as neither of us had a clue to what was going on.

The house was an older two story with dormer windows and a large wrap around porch. Stan and Bettina walked up the steps onto the porch towards the front door. Stan reached in his pocket, pulled out some keys and unlocked the door. He ushered us all into the house and closed the door behind him. We walked into the living room and admired the furniture and the lovely Christmas tree that was alit in front of the picture window at the front of the house. Stan and Bettina then turned and faced Jane and I and together said, "Merry Christmas!"

Jane and I looked at each other again still totally befuddled. Jane then said, "I don't understand?"

Stan walked over to us and took one of Jane's hands and one of mine and said, "This is our present to the both of you! We noticed, straight away, how Jane pined for you, Tony, after Thanksgiving. So Bettina and I thought that Jane should be closer to campus and that you two should have some place where you can live together. I called in a bunch of favors from a carpenter I know to get his place fixed up before Christmas for you."
