 "So are you as excited as I am? We get to do your gift tonight," Summer said, grinning at Aaron.

"Yes, I do, and don't think I haven't given it a lot of thought," he smiled.

"Thought? Obsession would be more like it," said John, sniggering at him. 

Aaron took a ring of calamari and plopped it into John's beer.

"Hey, you fuck!" laughed John, plucking the calamari from his glass. He shook it at Aaron, splattering him with beer. "What? Do you deny it? That's all you've been talking about the last few days! 'What do you guys think about her backless red dress, maybe? What about panties? Should I just make her go naked?'"

We all laughed at that. Aaron seriously did consider having her go to the party naked, wearing only a top coat. Of course we reluctantly shot that idea down, figuring the Loews Hotel probably wouldn't go for outright nudity in their grand ballroom, but just the fact that Aaron even considered it cracked us up.

"Naked?? You wanted me to go to a formal New Year's party naked? Oh my god!" Summer exclaimed, shaking her head and laughing. "Actually," she added with a warm smile, "that's very sweet of you. I'm flattered. Really, I am. Still, the Loews isn't just some bar or club where I can easily get away with dancing naked. Sorry, sweetie, I don't think so...at least not to start. Once you guys ply me with enough drinks though, hey, who knows? It could happen."

"Remember the rules," I added. "No pain, and nothing illegal. I don't want her getting arrested. That goes for the gifts too, not just for our normal time together. Whatever you guys come up with, you gotta keep her safe."

Aaron sighed theatrically. "Yeah, yeah, I know, but a guy can dream, can't he?"

Summer repeated his theatrical sigh. "Oh, woe is poor Aaron, having to wait before he can unwrap his toys!" she teased, batting her eyes and pouting her lower lip.

Making a mad face, Aaron took another piece of calamari and threw it into her bread bowl of clam chowder. Summer really poured it on thick then, feigning shock and outrage before plucking the calamari from her soup and popping it into her mouth. Smiling suggestively, she slowly licked and sucked each finger clean. "Mmmm, delicious," she said with a sexy grin, adding, "It's like I told you when we first met, after you all attacked me in the living room. I definitely encourage you to play with your Summer, though you do need to be careful with her. A Summer is a fun toy, and she wants nothing more than to give you endless hours of enjoyment, but she doesn't want to spend New Year's Day in the slammer while her men sit at home watching football. In other words, whatever you goofs have planned for me with your gifts, don't get me arrested!"

John and Dave subtly smirked. We already knew what they were going to do. Aaron's gift was the only remaining question. At first he seemed sure of how he was going to dress Summer for New Year's Eve, but as the week went by he began clusterfucking himself with countless other possibilities.

I turned to Summer. "Maybe you could model some outfits for us, then we'll vote on a favorite. That sure worked out great last time, didn't it?"

Grinning, I recalled our first date together, when Summer tried on various sexy outfits for me before choosing the one that left her practically naked.

She returned my grin while innocently sucking on her straw.

"No argument from me," Dave said, leering lasciviously at her gorgeous breasts, which were displayed to amazing effect in her skimpy tank top.

Laughing over his hungry dog look, Summer tore off a chunk of sourdough and threw it across the table at him. "Wow, now there's a real shocker! David, wanting a sexy fashion show from me? God, you probably would have me go naked!" she giggled.

"That might be a great idea, actually," added John. "The sexy fashion show thing, I mean. It'd be a win-win situation for all of us. Think about it. You win, since you're gonna end up looking amazing no matter what we choose. Seriously, Summer, you just can't help it."

Smiling sweetly, she squeezed his thigh in appreciation.

"And we all win, because nothing could be a hotter warm-up for New Year's than to have you model some of your sexiest evening wear for us. Lastly," he continued, nodding toward Aaron, "we save that silly fuck from having an aneurysm! Dude's melon is going to explode if he obsesses over this much longer!"

"Is that true, sweetie?"

Sexily mouthing her straw, Summer was smiling at Aaron while bouncing her pretty foot up and down. He just stared stupidly at her, which she loved. Slowly crossing her bare thighs, she sucked on her straw and gave him a flirty grin as she playfully pressed the tip of her tongue into the hole.

~ ~ ~

It was December 31st, and we were all having lunch together at Gladstone's on the beach in Malibu.

The torrid sexual pace Summer established during the first few days of our Christmas vacation bacchanal had slowed to a warm, comfortable simmer. She'd given everyone a thorough taste, and there were no regrets, though her thoughts on the situation potentially evolving into an endless gangbang remained uncertain. She told me the idea excited her; she was definitely up for it if that's what we all wanted, but one-on-ones would always be her main preference. Loving the unique dynamic she shared with each guy, she wanted to nurture those playful and "forbidden" flirting relationships. Bare minimum, she at least wanted to try to avoid situations where, say, Dave could walk in on her and John having sex in the shower, or John might catch her in bed with Aaron.

More than any other reason for wanting to keep things on an individual basis, she knew how strongly each guy felt about having his own special thing with her. She valued that feeling every bit as much as they did, and she didn't want to lose it with any of them.

Though she tried to maintain a degree of discretion, and she somewhat reduced the frequency of her sexual escapades, it's not as if Summer shut down on everyone while suddenly becoming Little Miss Conservative.

Not by a long shot.

Always, she wore the sexiest things imaginable. Though she allowed her clothing decisions to be nominally affected by where we were going and what we were doing, the degree of sexiness was constantly off the charts. In fact, simply due to the havoc she wreaked wherever we went, some of the hottest moments came when she had on the most clothing.

Then again, 'more clothing' for Summer often simply meant that she was forced to wear something.

Summer had taken to going bare-breasted around the house, usually in the mornings and later evenings. We'd stumble into the kitchen and there she'd be, wearing nothing but a tiny pair of panties while leaning into the fridge or standing at the counter making coffee. Never batting an eye, she would stay and happily chat with us topless.

Or bottomless. On more than one occasion she came into the living room wearing only a half t-shirt to watch TV with everyone. She'd spend the rest of the evening that way, basking in our primitive stares as we ogled her bare ass and pussy.

There were times she came out completely nude. Depending on what we were doing, she usually just plopped herself down into the lap of the first person she saw. Sometimes she would dive right in and start making out with us - her favorite morning greeting, as well as her endearing way of showing basic affection. Other times we simply read the paper or watched TV together.

Having learned the location of the mistletoe in every room of the house, she took special glee in suddenly stopping at random to make out with us, particularly when she was totally naked. Due to the mistletoe hanging from the light fixture above the living room set, the couch quickly became the preferred spot for watching movies with Summer. Snuggling together in the dark, we couldn't resist stroking and fondling her amazing body; responding with white-hot kisses, she would eagerly return the favor.

She delighted in coaxing us into fucking her whenever she felt we might go unobserved for a decent while, and she freely gave and received oral sex. Time and again we exploded in her hungry mouth before bringing her to a wet, pulsing climax on our tongues, yet it was never enough to slake her unquenchable thirst. Always wanting more, Summer seemed to live for sucking our cocks and drinking our cum.

It was almost as if she was feeding on us.

"I don't quite know how to describe it," she told me in bed late one night, happily caressing her tummy after gulping down my third load of the evening, "but it's like I'm taking a man's very essence into my body when I drink his cum. I can feel him inside me." Smiling softly, she added, "And with you, Aaron, John and David, I always feel truly blessed."

When she went nude, it only heightened her sensual appetite. It wasn't the least bit unusual to look over to the couch during a movie and see Aaron sucking her breasts or licking her pussy, or maybe she'd be giving John a slow, sexy blowjob. Other times we might find her in the kitchen leaning over the table or stove, thoroughly enjoying having her ass eaten and otherwise worshipped in the morning sun by a kneeling Dave. Moaning gently, almost purring, our radiant Summer would just arch her back and spread her legs wider while smiling sweetly to us.

I was the only one she would openly fuck in front of the others; or, at the very least, while we didn't go out of our way to seek an audience, she didn't mind at all if someone happened to catch us having sex.

Initially that was sort of her informal little 'house rule,' though I noticed it didn't take long before she began to abandon her well-intentioned game plan. As she continued to have deliciously sneaky sex amid our happy group, she inevitably became less and less concerned with any and all voyeuristic issues.

This was certainly the case when we watched movies at night. She'd share the couch with one of us, sitting in our lap or straddling us while facing either direction, or she would curl up against us in a spoons position. Maybe she would be on top, or she'd let us be on top, and she might be either on her stomach or back. The one definite was that whenever she lay naked on her back to make out with us she always started off by spreading her gorgeous legs in warm welcome. Following a few moments of soft kissing, she would sexily wrap her smooth, silky thighs around our hips; grinding her ass, she liked to wait until our tongues were dancing together before guiding us into her pussy, then we'd simply make out and fuck for the rest of the movie. It was also almost equally certain that she was going to want to have sex whenever she lay naked on her stomach with any of us on top.

Beneath the mistletoe, with only the firelight and the glow from the TV illuminating the room, she openly made love to us on that couch, and she didn't seem to mind being watched.

In fact, I could tell she was beginning to love it.

One morning Dave and I were playing chess outside on the patio. Summer stood beside me, leaning on my shoulder while watching us play. She was bottomless again, wearing only her little t-shirt. I had it pulled up in the back, and all throughout the game I finger-fucked her audibly wet pussy right there at the table. Though we tried to keep it somewhat discreet, I'm sure Dave knew what was going on, especially when Summer came. It was rather difficult to miss, considering how hotly she moaned before flopping forward onto the table to hold herself up by her hands as she rode out her orgasm.

In response, Dave gently moved a lock of hair away from her beautiful face. Panting from beneath her wild mane, she gave him a warm smile of gratitude.

Later that day, she put together a nice little lunch spread. While I read the paper out on the patio, John lay on a lounger catching some sun, and Dave and Aaron were playing pool in the garage. As she brought everyone something to eat, she still had on nothing but her skimpy t-shirt. Wearing no panties, she offered us one mind-boggling view after another every time she leaned, stretched, knelt or sat.

After John and I finished lunch, we went swimming while she lay out to read. Eventually she sat up in her lounger, propping her book on her raised knees. She'd pulled her t-shirt down over her hips, but with her legs lifted so high we could easily see the backs of her bare thighs and her naked pussy shining in the sun.

John climbed out and went to read the paper at the patio table. I stayed in, leaning on my forearms by the side of the pool. Semi-floating, I was just sort of doing and thinking nothing in particular when I glanced over at Summer...who was quietly masturbating! She had her t-shirt pulled up to her belly button; while continuing to hold her book, she was teasing her labia and clit with her free hand. Before too long, though, she set the book down. Giving me a sultry look of barely restrained desire, she spread her legs and pushed two fingers into her pussy. Pressing her head against the backrest of the lounger, she began a steady, luxurious pumping motion deep inside her vibrant pink slit.

John and I watched in awe as she quietly brought herself to a gorgeous climax; then, with subtle tremors still rippling through her tummy, she pulled her t-shirt off. Completely naked, she lay back and began touching all over her body. She rubbed her thighs...she caressed her clit...she slid a finger inside her ass. Thoroughly fucking herself, she cupped and squeezed her breasts while lightly stroking her nipples.

Apparently satisfied for the moment, she got up from her lounger and slowly walked towards the steps at the shallow end of the pool.

John and I were spellbound by the erotic poetry of her naked perfection flowing in the mid-day sun. Her breasts bounced beautifully with each feline stride, then we enjoyed the tantalizing vision of her smooth, sexy bottom flexing back and forth with every exaggerated sway of her hips. Summer's incredibly fuckable ass had a natural wide-open divide, affording us an enticing view of her sweet pussy peeking out from the flawless gap at the top of her thighs. With her one-step-in-front-of-the-other runway model strut, her simple walk across the patio became a primal dance of seduction.

Once she reached the steps of the pool, she stopped and stretched, arching her taut stomach. Her thighs tightened, and shafts of light shone through the split of her pussy as her high, firm breasts welcomed the sun's warm caress. She stroked her hands up her sides and onto her smooth mounds, stopping again to cup them in offering to the bright blue sky. Releasing them with a single solid bounce, she ran her hands over her neck and face before fanning out her long hair, glowing golden in the sunshine. Her breasts responded with a mesmerizing shudder to each movement of her arms, and she was simply stunning...overwhelming...miraculous.

Locking on to me with a predatory grin, she crooked her index finger. "C'mere, you."

I went to her, and she lazily draped her arms around my neck, kissing me while pressing her pussy against my growing bulge.

"These have to go," she said, affecting a gorgeous pout. Slipping her hands down the back of my shorts to cup my ass, she continued on, sliding the shorts to my feet. "Step," she said, and I stepped free. Positioning me so that my cock was chin high to her, she smiled as she reached around to cup my ass again. Sucking my cock into her mouth, she used her hands on my ass to face-fuck herself until I was completely hard. With a moist 'pop' she released my dick and took a couple of steps past me; facing away, she knelt to offer herself doggie-style. Dancing her ass in wicked little circles, she looked back over her shoulder with an incandescent smile. "Take my ass, or take my pussy...or take both, I don't care. Baby, I just need you to fuck me."

Grinning stupidly, I glanced over at John, who held up his hands and laughed, "Hey, don't look at me! It's your call, dude!"

Arching her spine, Summer reached back to spread herself even more; then, moaning as I slid inside her buttery pussy, she pulled me down for a molten kiss.

Summer amazed me with the way her pussy was always thoroughly drenched. No matter the circumstance, she was never anything less than dripping wet and eager to fuck. She needed no warm-up.

Blessed with a perpetually wet pussy, Summer was simply made for sex.

"Mmmm, your cock always feels so perfect in my pussy," she moaned as I steadily fucked her, or she fucked me; I wasn't sure, exactly, except that it was a quick one. She was continually cumming, and after only a few minutes I came too, blasting away inside her.

Once we caught our breath, she leaned forward onto the side of the pool. Kneeling on the middle steps, she was dripping cum while pointing her ass to the sun. With a quiet moan she reached back and slipped her fingers into her pussy; then, accompanied by a beautifully slow dancing of her hips, she spread our cum all over her smooth, curvy bottom.

She stayed in that position for maybe five minutes, her smiling face turned towards John. I sat beside her, stroking her hip and the small of her back as she lay with her head resting in her folded arms, her cum-covered swaying ass raised oh-so-temptingly high.

Finally, she turned and slid down into the pool. Dunking her head, she stood tall in waist-high water, thrusting her magnificent breasts out while slicking her hair back. She swam a couple of laps before returning to her perch on the steps, where she again raised her ass to the sun.

After giving us a few more minutes to feast on her incredible display, she strutted over to her lounger. Positioning herself directly beneath John's chair, she lay back and spread her legs for him. "Hi, beautiful man. You could've joined us, you know. I was offering myself to you. I waited and waited, but you didn't come. Baby, I wanted you both to fuck me."

With a tentative smile, he cautiously caressed her thigh. She took his hand and slid it between her legs, making him feel her moist heat; holding it there, she nodded while tugging on his shorts. He nearly fell over in his haste to get them off, and she gave him the cutest little giggle before grinning, "I guess you do want to fuck me!"

Nodding just the way she had, he eagerly slid down and began hotly making out with her. As they writhed in each other's arms, it quickly became one seemingly never-ending kiss after another, until they were almost delirious with passion. Finally, following a particularly intense, steamy tongue-kiss, she guided his long, hard shaft inside her; wrapping her legs around him, she let out an amazing moan when he drove all the way home with a single thrust. Feeding their lust, she arched her back and raised her hips; he immediately started pounding into her, simply bombing away at her pussy, and she cried out in sheer joy.

Happily fucking in the warm sunshine, they made love for hours that day.

Another evening we were all sitting around playing "Dare Poker." Having just returned from the movies, Summer was wearing a tight tank top and a short, breezy skirt. When she won one hand that I lost, she dared me to answer the door naked for the pizza girl.

We always got the same cute delivery girl whenever we ordered pizza from this one place, and Summer had called in the order, so apparently she was confident we'd get 'our girl' again.

When the bell rang, Summer immediately jumped up and ran to the door. The mischievous grin obvious in her voice, we heard her say, "Oh, let me get my husband. He has the money."

She came back giggling her ass off. "Honey, go pay for the pizza!"

"Hey, we heard that! Your husband, huh?" smirked John.

"Details. Work with me here," she said, flashing a knockout smile.
