 I sold my house after a messy marriage break-up and we agreed (eventually) to split the profits. I had enough to put down on a small new build house, but before it was finished, I needed to find somewhere else to live for a couple of months.

I had a girlfriend, Louise who was considerably younger than me and she had recently started renting a house with her friend, Tracy. Tracy was an attractive blonde, about 5ft 6 tall, with a lovely round arse and a filthy laugh. Louise told me that I could stay with her until my house was finished. Tracy had a boyfriend, Andy who occasionally stayed over and when he did, the four of us got on rather well.

Louise was a busty, plump strawberry blonde with the most amazing eyes. Louise and I had first made love, rather rampantly after a lunch at a country pub. We walked towards the car and kept on going right into a nearby field. We kissed and let our tongues explore each other until I couldn't stand it any more. My cock was straining to be set free and Louise was dying to see it! She lay down in the grass and hitched her skirt up to reveal a pair of lovely powder blue panties. I pulled them to one side and saw a thick bush of reddish hair framing a soft round, bright pink slit. She pulled her labia open and I plunged into her. She had only had sex once before and she gasped as I pushed in and out of her fluffy pink pussy. When I was ready to come, I pulled out and Louise took my cock in her hand and jerked me while exposing her clit and playing with herself with the other hand. 

"Does it turn you on to watch me Dave? Do you want to cum all over me? Show me what you've got for me baby."

When I came, I really came! I shot burst after burst of hot thick cum over her soft pubic hair and her panties. Lou then played with it, letting my cum slide down her fingers while she smelt and tasted it nervously.

"Mmm... that's a nice taste" she kept saying. Little did I realise that I had turned her into a real cum-worshipper.

Some days, Lou had to go to work and I carried on organising the final details on my new house. I didn't need to work at this point and had a lot of free time on my hands. One particular morning Lou left me laying in bed to go to work. I tried to keep sleeping but pretty soon I found myself listening to the heavy breathing and moaning from Tracy's room next door. It was making me feel very horny, imagining what Tracy's pussy was like. How she behave during sex. I figured she'd definitely be an 'On Top' girl and while I was getting lost in my fantasy, my cock was getting harder and wetter and I just had to start stroking it. I needed the relief!

All of a sudden, the most mischievous thought entered my mind. I wanted to see if I could watch them and be a bit of a secret voyeur. I climbed out of bed and padded across the room to the door, which I silently opened. Tracy's room was right next door and I could easily open her bedroom door, but would she see me? I turned the handle and eased the door open. I first saw Tracy's little feet at the end of the bed. She was on her back (so much for my prediction!). As I opened the door slightly further, I got the most pleasant shock of my life! She was on her own, watching a filthy German porno. The action on screen showed two guys fucking a fat girl one with his cock up her ample arse and one in her podgy cunt. I looked down at Tracy. She was lying on her bed, her legs open and stretched tight, with her right hand slowly rolling round on her button. Her cunt was well groomed with only a small strip of brown hair running up from her slit. She would slow her hand motion down, then speed up again in perfect timing with the porno action. Her left hand was playing with her nipple under her vest top and I could see that her tits were tanned and soft with hard, dark nipples topping them off.

My cock was dying to be stroked and as I watched Tracy fingering herself and rubbing her clit I began pumping my hand up and down my shaft.

Tracy let out a stifled whimper as her right hand became a blur. Her hips bucked like she was being fucked as her hand kept up a relentless stimulation of her clit.

"Mmmm.....mmmm....mmmmm..urgh!...aahh...ahh...oh!...yes!.."

My heart was pounding, as was my fist up and down the length of my cock. I'd never watched a girl masturbate for real and it was a massive turn-on – especially when it was such an invasion of privacy!

Tracy's hips went into the air as her hand flashed across her mound. Her hips jerked and her hand then began to make the smallest of movements on her clit as her orgasm took hold.

"Aaaa!....Ba.....beee!...Mmmmmm....mmmm..." Tracy bucked and twitched through the entire orgasm just as mine began. I could feel my cum rising up from my tight balls, like a stream of fire through my abdomen. Cum splattered out in thick jets over the carpet outside Tracy's bedroom. The noise from the porno drowned out my heavy breathing and I was able to sneak back into my room after wiping my cum off the floor. I was really turned on at the thought of Tracy rubbing herself off just next door.

I returned to my bed and enjoyed the hormones flying round my system. I could hear Tracy get up and start moving around her room as she got ready to go out to work. My fingers were idly playing around my deflated cock. The smooth remnants of my cum lubricated my index finger as I slowly pulled my foreskin back and forth stimulating my cock to a second erection. I was imagining Tracy showering her ripe body; rubbing soap onto her pussy and around her wonderful breasts as her finger played with her clit in a slow, circular motion. I imagined her taking the shower head and letting the hot jet tease and tingle her button as she pinched and pulled at her nipples until she couldn't take it any more and a gasping, powerful orgasm jerked her body into submission.

My cock was hard again now and it felt nice to stroke it with a really tight grip as I imagined pushing my cock deep into her ass as she parted her cheeks and begged me to unload my cum into her asshole.

"Fuck my ass, Dave. Push your cock right into me. Make me scream!"

My strokes were increasing in speed as I bit my lip and closed my eyes tight to imagine Tracy's tits bouncing heavily as I roughly pumped my cock into her arse. I was on the inevitable climb to an orgasm, and Tracy was screaming with a mixture of pleasure and pain as my engorged helmet tore into her back passage and my hands pulled and mashed her swinging tits.

I whispered Tracy's name as my cum burst from my cock, spilling over my hand and wrist and the distinctive musk of semen wafted up through the bed. I lifted my hand and licked my cum. I have always loved the taste of my own juice and I greedily sucked it up and washed it round my mouth, licking my hand clean and going back for more. I soon came out of my post hand-job feeling and I heard Tracy leave the house. 

I went downstairs and made myself a coffee and thought about how horny it was to watch Tracy do herself to a porno. I've always found voyeurism horny – even since I was a young teenager and a summer-time friend used to come round to my house with his dad's strong hardcore movies. We used to get stoned and then give ourselves 20 minutes alone to whack off to the videos. 

One day, when it was his turn, curiosity got the better of me and I quietly retraced my steps and cracked the lounge door slightly to see him pulling on the biggest, hardest and possibly the ugliest cock I'd ever seen. It was like a club hammer! and I watched, fascinated as he roughly pulled on it, varying the speed to slow himself down, then frantically jerking and rubbing as the action hotted up on screen until his big old cock spat big globs of molten cum over his belly. I was mesmerised as it twitched and bobbed in its final turgid moments before returning to a more modest and manageable size. 

What I saw then was pure magic as I watched him insert a finger into his arse and begin pulling at his limp cock again, flicking it sideways until it began to respond to his touch. He palmed up some juice from his belly and began rubbing it all over his cock as slowly it became engorged with blood and restored to a full-on erection. His finger was still exploring his anus and his cock was twitching without him even touching it. His breathing became more laboured and he reached down with his free hand to play with his balls, rolling them round in his hand and pulling at his ball sack. Suddenly a sticky spurt of cum sprang from his massive helmet and landed on his arm as he then touched his penis for the first time, lathering his helmet with his spunk and moaning as his finger carried on working his arsehole. He was shuddering and twitching as his orgasm hit him in ever decreasing waves.

My own cock was hard by now and I went back to my room to finish off, pulling at my young, sensitive cock until I shot a stream of cum over my own belly creating a pool in my belly button. Needless to say, I didn't need to have my turn at the porno!

So now, here I was over 15 years later being presented with a similar situation, and my only problem was what to do next. First things first, I went back upstairs and into Tracy's bedroom. Her knicker drawer contained no major surprises, the odd bit of sexy lingerie here and there, but full of mainly functional underwear. I was amused to find that this girl didn't have an erotic selection, but then I'd judged her boyfriend as a roll-on, roll-off type having previously heard them both having sex for minutes at a time.

I mulled on this as I went through the day, organising my house building and my finances and kept finding my cock standing to attention with alarming regularity. Tracy came home first and I awkwardly tried to help her put some shopping away, until she eventually said "Dave. What's up? You've been all jumpy and nervous around me since I came home. Is everything ok?"

"Yes. Fine, thanks" I lied

"Only I heard you say my name this morning.." I froze. "I also saw you wanking. Were you wanking because of me?"

I had no choice but to front this conversation out and call her bluff.

"Yes. I was. I was wanking because I saw you doing the same thing to a porno in your room this morning"

"Oh, you saw that, did you?" She didn't seem too flustered or embarrassed. "I have to do that quite a lot because I don't get an orgasm otherwise. And a girl needs to get it out of her system. So what did you think?"

"I liked watching you. You have a superb body and a beautiful pair of tits, Tracy."

"So does Louise. Hers are massive."

"I'm not saying that they're not. I was just saying that yours are the sort of tits that look good with cum on them."

That shocked her slightly and all she could do was turn away and carry on putting her shopping away.

"Do you want to see them again?" She eventually asked.

"Tracy, I'd love to, but I don't want to rock the boat here. I'll be leaving in a few days"

"What Louise don't know, won't harm her. I'm not going to have sex with you, but I want to have another look at your cock. I couldn't see it this morning, and now, you have an unfair advantage, having seen my pussy and my breasts."

"So what do you propose?"

Tracy turned round to face me and gently pushed me back into the living room.

"Take off your trousers and drop your shorts" She commanded. I immediately obeyed, wondering where this was leading.

Tracy sat on the dining room table, opposite me and gave me a full view up her skirt. My eyes flowed the plump white thigh all the way up to her pussy, and I could see the camel-toe of her knickers. My cock began to respond to this sight. Tracy smiled at my reaction.

"You have a nice cock, Dave. Nice and thick. I love a thick cock. I want you to do what you were doing this morning. Rub your cock. Let me see you stroke it."

I complied obediently and as I began, Tracy pulled up her skirt and opened her legs wide to let me see her covered mound. "Let me smell your sex Tracy. Let me put my head between your legs."

"Do you want this?" she asked and pulled her knickers to one side, revealing what I couldn't see earlier. A massive clit! Like the size of a small cock. I couldn't have seen it earlier because of my position, but now I had a full-frontal view of the most tempting clit I'd ever seen.

"Oh God yes! Are you telling me that Andy doesn't suck and nibble on that clit Tracy?"

"No. He never goes down on me" She replied, slowly flicking her clit with her index finger and tracing circle around it. She shuddered with pleasure and I carried on pulling at my cock and working out dew-drops of precum.

Tracy was looking at me, wanking myself off because of her and she was getting flushed. She put a hand inside her blouse and began playing with her nipple as her index and middle fingers pulled and massaged her aching clitoris.

"Oh, that's nice Dave. Come closer. I want you to cum on my clit. I want your hot spunk all over my pussy"

I shuffled over to her, still pulling on my cock and feeling the heat building in my balls as I headed towards an orgasm. I stopped to delay cumming too soon. I knelt down and began licking Tracy's thigh as she continued to moan with lust. Her fingers were rubbing either side of her clit now, giving me access to her button. I could smell her strong musk and watched as her finger movements jiggled her full and slick pussy lips. My tongue found her clitoris and I began working it, making slow circles, then fast left to right strokes. Each time I slowly increased the pressure. Sucking her clit made me feel like I was sucking another cock. It was hard and smooth and delectable to take in my mouth.

"Oh! Don't stop Dave. Give me more. Give me more!"

I worked that clit and her labia with my greedy tongue and I could feel Tracy's fingers adding to the movements that were teasing her lovely button.

"Oh! Oh!..Dave...I'm cumming. Stand up. Cum on my clit."

I rose up, my face smothered in her juice and watched Tracy's orgasm hit her. The sheer magic of the moment turned me on massively and I was close to shooting my sperm. My own strokes increased in speed and pressure as Tracy and I rubbed our parts in time with each other.

"I'm cumming, Tracy" I said. I aimed my cock at her pussy and shot a jet of sperm over her pubic mound and her hand. Another shot landed on her clit and Tracy began working it into around her pussy lips. This was so fucking horny. A third jet landed on her shirt and blouse and Tracy squealed with excitement.

"Oh yes! That's a nice load Dave." Tracy exclaimed. She had stopped rubbing her engorged clit now and pulled my cock for the last few strokes, milking it for the last few drops, which she let slide on her fingers and put them in her mouth to taste.

We fell back into the couch together as we composed ourselves. Tracy pulled her skirt back down after wiping my cum off with a tissue. We were both trying to recover our breath

"Tracy, that was amazing. You are amazing."

"We are both cheats, Dave"

"Now you want to feel guilty?" I said. "You didn't show many regrets about ten minutes ago. Let's just chalk this one up as a freebie and nothing more will be said."

And nothing more was said until one day, about a week after I finished with Louise I heard a loud banging on my front door. I answered it to find a very flushed and angry-looking Louise.

"You fucked Tracy didn't you?" She shouted, allowing all my neighbours to hear. I asked if she wanted to come inside, but she remained perfectly rooted to my doorstep, speaking in a voice loud enough to be heard by every one of my neighbours who were washing their cars that morning.

"No, I didn't technically fuck Tracy. We were just playing about and it got a little out of hand"

"I can't believe you! You are such a bastard!" 

"If I'm a bastard, then what does that make Tracy? She's supposed to be your best mate"

"Tracy told me, you didn't. I hope you fucking curl up and die" Then she turned on her heel and stomped off. I was left to meet the stares of all my neighbours. "You wish" I thought.

Anyway, It turns out that Louise learned of my ahem, indiscretion because she slept with Tracy's boyfriend and badda bing! It all came out. Me? I stayed away from them both. I'm really one for a quiet life....