 Many thanks, once again, to drbob80 for his input. Once again, he was able to make sense out of things that seemed clear in my head but on the screen, not so much. Thanks also to leftyloo and lancerinLA.

This is a short chapter, just because the last three days before Chris leaves for basic are pretty involved.

If this is your first visit to a Chronicles of Chris story, it would be helpful to read some of the previous chapters to get a sense of the story and characters. This is definitely not a stand alone story.

Please enjoy the story and vote if you do.

*****************************

I drove home thinking about Teddi's explanation of her problems with Joni. I also wondered how I was going to relay to Joni how Teddi felt, now. I decided that I would just let it play out.

I got home and opened all the doors and windows again. It was a nice evening and the cool breeze not only felt good, it served to clear the house of the remnants of Teddi and me. I went upstairs, grabbed all the bedclothes off the bed, dragged them downstairs, and threw them into the washer. I thought that would help the lingering aroma. I found new sheets and put them on the bed and then stripped out of my clothes and crawled into my own bed, exhausted.

I don't think I moved all night, waking up in the same position into which I had collapsed the previous night. I rolled over and looked at the clock, amazed to find that it was after one o'clock. I went downstairs, found a soda in the fridge, and drained it in one long gulp. I decided I would spend the rest of the day at the pool. I took a couple of towels, a book, some snacks and a cooler to the pool. I swam several laps and then lay down on a lounger. Several neighbors stopped and said a few words, but mostly I ate, drank, swam, read and slept the day away. It was nice and relaxing, as opposed to my very full days over the last week and a half. At about six o'clock I gathered everything up and walked back home.

Upon arriving, I put everything away and then dug around in the freezer and found a nice steak. Mom had also left a baking potato for me, when she and Patti had been here a couple of days ago. I started the grill and while I was waiting for the charcoal, I climbed in the shower, turning it up as hot as I could stand it. I just stood there just letting the heat drain away whatever tension I had left. I cooled the water and finally left the shower, refreshed. After putting on a tee shirt and sleep shorts, I went down and found the charcoal was ready. I put the potato in foil and dropped it in the grill. I waited a few minutes and then put the steak on.

I sat on the patio, thought about the last ten days, and shook my head in wonder. Ten days ago I had been a virgin and in the intervening time, I had made love to my dream woman, my dream girl and her best friend plus the hottest girl in school. I sat there slack-jawed, truly not believing my good fortune. Finally, the steak and potato were ready and I sat down in front of the TV and ate. I finished my dinner and did the dishes from the last several days. I realized I had procrastinated long enough; I had to call Joni and face the music about Teddi. I was afraid she would be angry with me that I wouldn't, couldn't follow through with her plan. Sighing deeply, I knew I just had to do it. I picked up the telephone and called.

Joni's mom answered. "Hello?"

"Hi, Charlie," I said with far more confidence than I was feeling. "It's Chris, is Joni there?"

Charlie gushed, "Oh, yes Chris, she's here and she has been worried to death that you wouldn't call. Let me get her."

Confused, (actually my normal state at the time, but I digress), I just said, "OK."

I waited for a moment before Joni picked up the phone. "Chriiiis!" She shrieked.

Fuck, that hurt. I changed ears with the phone and said, "Jeez, Joni, are you trying to get me kicked out of the Navy for deafness?"

She giggled and said softly, "Sorry, I'm just so happy to hear from you. I was afraid you wouldn't call me."

I swear I heard a sob and sniffle.

"Joni? Are you crying?" I asked gently.

I heard her take a deep breath with a sob in the middle. "Yes, I am. I'm just so happy and relieved that you called."

"Joni, I'm confused." I said slowly. "You told me to wait to call you until tonight, so that's what I did. Did I do something wrong?"

"N-n-n-o," she moaned. "I didn't think about how much I might miss you. The whole time Sara and I were together I thought about you and Tits and I got jealous and paranoid. I just KNEW she would somehow steal you away. It ruined my time with Sara.....Well, that's not completely true."

She started giggling which made me feel a little better. "We both kinda enjoyed it, when she comforted me."

"Uh-huh." I said drily.

She giggled again, "Are you jealous, now?"

"Well," I answered, "I am picturing the 'comforting' and I AM jealous."

Still giggling she said, "Good!"

"So," she started. (I knew this was going to be the part that I had been dreading, the questions about Teddi and me.) "Did you and Tits get together?"

I could hear the trepidation, jealousy and fear in her voice. I assumed she wanted all the details, but would be happier if I told her that I had stayed home. I figured she wanted the details, but really didn't want to know. I hesitated, a big mistake on my part.

"Oh, Chris!" She wailed. "You did it, didn't you? You just had to have those humongous tits, didn't you? Godammit Chris!" She dropped the phone.

I heard Charlie in the background asking what was wrong. Joni was sobbing and I felt like a real shit. I waited; figuring either Joni or Charlie would be on the phone, reading me the riot act.

Even though I anticipated it, I was somewhat startled by Charlie's voice. Actually, her tone and her request were the startling part.

"Chris?" she said softly, "Joni told me earlier what she had told you to do. She regretted it immediately and hoped that you wouldn't do it. I told her several times to call you and admit her mistake, but she was too embarrassed. Now, obviously, you went through with it and she's miserable. Could I impose on you to come by tonight and try to make her feel better? I know it's asking a lot, but I think she really needs to see you tonight."

I pulled the phone away from my ear and looked at it as if it had a life of its own. I put it back to my ear and said, "Uhhh, sure, Charlie, whatever Joni needs. I'll be right there."

Charlie's voice was almost a whisper, "Thanks, Chris." She hung up.

The phone conversation didn't go as I had feared, yet was somehow worse. I really felt like a shit and was more nervous about seeing Joni than I had been. I went upstairs and changed into shorts and a clean tee shirt. Instead of driving, I decided to walk, stalling as much as possible. It was a pleasant evening and it took about fifteen minutes to walk to Joni's house. I stopped just out of sight and took a deep breath. After a minute or so, I decided I just had to do this.

I walked to the front door and knocked softly. Joni opened the door, stood, and looked at me for the longest ten seconds in the history of the world. She wasn't smiling, but she didn't look angry, she just looked slightly sad. I had felt badly before and now it was getting worse. I didn't say a word, I just waited, looking steadily into her eyes. Finally, she broke into a big grin and leapt into my arms, legs around my waist, covering my face with kisses. I stumbled back, a little stunned.

When she was through peppering my face with kisses, she laid her head on my shoulder. "Chris, I'm so, so sorry, I shouldn't have gotten so upset with you. You did what I told you to do and it's my own fault. Can you forgive me?"

"Joni," I said softly, "there's nothing to forgive. If I had known how the date with Teddi would hurt your feelings; I would not have agreed to do it. I'm sorry."

Joni kissed me on the lips, a soft, sexy, sensual kiss. We parted and she looked into my eyes. "Let's call it mutual stupidity, OK?" She murmured.

I laughed, "OK, that sounds good to me."

She hugged me and slipped from my arms and down to the floor, grabbing my hand in the process.

"Mom?" She called.

"Yes, honey?" drifted in from the living room.

"Chris and me are going to my room and I'm gonna lock the door." Joni said, walking up the stairs, "I'm locking the door." She repeated. "Tell Dad, OK?"

"OK, sweetie," Charlie answered, "Have a good time."

We were almost to the top of the stairs and I was shaking my head.

Joni turned and looked at me. "What's wrong?"

"I can't get over your relationship with your parents." I said in wonder. "You just told your Mom that you intend to take a boy into your room, lock the door and she's OK with it. She's even gonna tell your Dad. It's amazing!"

We had gotten to her room. The floor plan of her parent's condo was the mirror image of Mom's and Joni's room was the opposite hand of mine, just cleaner and pinker....waaaay pinker.

Joni stopped just inside the door. "I want you to know that this is the first time a boy has been in my room. Even though my parents give me latitude and freedom, I haven't felt comfortable bringing a guy up here....until you came into my life." She got on tiptoes and kissed me sweetly.

'Oh, Crap,' I thought, 'This is just what Mom warned me about. She's getting really serious.'

Joni reached behind me, closed, and locked the door, her arms wrapped around me possessively. We stood quietly for a moment just holding each other. I had begun to feel more like a jackass by the moment.

"Joni," I said softly, "I don't know how to say this, so I'm just gonna dive in."

She didn't move, just murmured, 'Mmm-hmmm.'

"You do remember that I'm leaving for good in three days, right? We agreed that this couldn't be a long-term, long-distance relationship, didn't we?" I proceeded slowly, softly, carefully. "You're kinda acting like you're expecting love, or something. I don't want to hurt you, so we gotta be clear. OK?"

Joni never moved when she answered, hugging as tightly as before. "Chris, I know exactly what we're doing. I have fallen a little in love with you," and then giggling, "so have Sara and my Mom, but, I'm clear on what's going on. After we got off the phone Mom asked me if I remembered all that you and I have talked about, because the way I was acting was going to make it tough on you, Sara and me. I realized that I need to enjoy every minute I have with you, because you've made it clear that when you walk away, you will not look back. I can live with that, if you can." She stood there holding on to me, her head on my chest.

"OK, Joni," I said, "you were scarin' me, that's all."

Just about then, something she'd said penetrated my thick skull. "Your Mom knows about Sara?"

Joni giggled, "Yeah, I told her everything. She was shocked, but, she's dealing with it."

I shook my head. "You and your Mom are amazing. I can't believe how open and honest you are. I know what you said about the honesty, but it is still amazing to me."

"It's funny," she said, "You find it amazing that I tell my Mom everything, but I find it amazing that other people don't. I can't imagine not sharing some of the most exciting moments of my life with my Mom. When I'm happy, she's happy but when I'm scared or sad, she's there to help me and give me advice. I don't know how everybody else deals with the crazy shit in their lives without talking to their Moms or maybe their Dads. Well, maybe not their Dads, my Mom talks to him and keeps him calm." She giggled at that thought.

Joni squirmed against me, seemingly trying to get closer. All she had on was a silky tank top with spaghetti straps and tiny, silky shorts, so I felt every movement against my body as if she were naked. My dick was getting interested; it had been a whole twenty-four hours since I'd had sex, and he had definite opinions about this turn of events. Joni obviously felt my excitement and rubbed her tummy harder against my dick.

She did a passable Mae West, "Hey big boy, is that a pickle in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?" Then she squirmed against me, again, giggling.

"Well, Lil Lady," I answered in my best John Wayne, "I'm a little insulted by the pickle crack! But, I am really happy to see you!"

That cracked her up, and she hugged me tighter. After she stopped giggling she whispered, "I did miss you Chris, even if Sara was here. Could you hold me for a little while?"

"Sure, Joni," I said softly, "Anything you want."

"Well," she giggled, "Maybe, holding me will come later."

She released me and walked over to the bed. I started to follow her, but she turned to face me and put up a hand to stop me, so I stopped to watch her. She started moving her hips in a little dance that I recognized from cheerleading. I smiled because every time the cheerleading squad started this move at a game the mothers in the audience would comment as to how inappropriate the dance was for high school girls. All of the guys in the stands loved it, including the dads, except those that had daughters performing.

Her hips were rocking back and forth in a steady rhythm as she slowly pirouetted in front of me. Her back was arched and she was looking over her shoulder at me. The dance always included pom-poms and she was moving her arms as if she had the pom-poms and I couldn't take my eyes off of her. She was shaking her hands at her waist. When she had completely turned her back to me, the rocking motion of the hips quickly changed to thrusting and the silky shorts were slipping up in-between her cheeks and her little butt revealed itself under the tight, shimmery shorts. (I suddenly realized to what the mothers objected in the dance. This was one of the sexiest things I had ever seen and my dick turned to granite. I could only imagine what it had done to the Dads that had been watching.)

She had slowed her rotation and her back was still to me as she got to the part of the dance where her hands slowly raised the pom-poms over her head. She stopped for a moment with her back to me as she started raising her arms, slowly. I was so mesmerized by her smooth ass and the little thrusting that I barely noticed that she had started raising her arms. She started turning again and I was startled to see that when she was facing me again, her shirt was gone, her beautiful breasts swaying with her dance motions. I had completely missed the removal and I didn't see what she had done with the shirt. It was like magic, my mouth was hanging open, and I was drooling a little. Joni smiled a little, sexy smile and stepped over to me. She wiped the little bit of saliva that was at the corner of my mouth away with one finger and then pushed my jaw shut. I leaned to touch her; she giggled and whirled away.

Her swaying, twirling, shimmying dance continued as I watched, entranced. Joni slowly turned again and did a small spinning kick. As she pulled her leg back, she bent at the waist, shaking her upper body, making her breasts swing and sway and the entrancing motion had me frozen in my spot, caught in her spell. She suddenly stood and spun around and I realized her silky, shimmery shorts were now gone, leaving Joni beautifully naked. My dick was visibly throbbing in my shorts; Joni saw it and giggled as she swayed in front of me.

"See something you like, Studley?" Joni whispered seductively.

I was once again rendered mute, just grinning and nodding my head like an idiot. Joni crooked her finger and invited me closer. I took one step and she put her hand up again. I stopped and tilted my head to the side, questioningly. She grinned and pointed at my clothes. Before her hand was back to her side, I was as naked as she. She giggled and, once again, invited me closer. I took her into my arms and kissed her softly and tenderly.

"Jesus, Joni," I whispered, "I love the way your skin feels against mine."

"I knew that," Joni giggled, "Now you can hold me."

I was stunned. "Uhh, I, uhh, O-O-O-K." I stammered.

Joni just started laughing. "You big goof! I was teasing you! That dance got me as worked up as it got you! I loved dancing for you. Now, take me to bed, Studley."

I lifted her off the floor, cradling her in my arms with her arms softly hugging my neck. I stepped over to the bed and instead of throwing her on the bed as I had with Teddi; I laid Joni gently down. I started to stand and she didn't let go, pulling me down into a deep, lingering kiss instead. I sank down to lie on top of her, once again thrilling to the warm, soft, smooth feel of her skin against mine. Her breasts crushed against my chest and her nipples were so hot and so hard it felt as if they were piercing my skin. I had told Joni the one hundred percent God's honest truth. I loved the way her skin and body felt against mine. As unnerved as I had been by her suggestion that we just cuddle, it would have made me nearly as content to do just that.

Don't misunderstand me, sex with Joni was far superior to merely cuddling, but I was more than happy to do whatever she wanted. We lay there kissing and stroking one another, the heat rising between us. I pulled my lips back from hers and dipped my head to her soft breasts. I licked and nipped at the nipple before starting to slide down, when Joni stopped me.

"Please, Chris," she murmured, "just make love to me. I'm ready for you; I've been ready for you for days."

After sliding back up to kiss her again, I slipped my throbbing sword into her silken scabbard, the warmth and wetness serving as a very real confirmation of her readiness. I felt her legs lightly settle around my back and her tongue pushed through my lips to find mine.

As I slowly thrust into her waiting womanhood she sighed softly. "Chris, I know this is supposed to be just good fun, but, I have fallen in love with you. I wanted to say, just this once, 'I love you, Chris'. I don't want you to say anything, I just want you to know that. OK?"

Speechless, I nodded before intensely kissing her, once again. I could feel her heart beating against my chest and the passion that she put into the kiss. Her arms and legs wrapped around me, hugged tighter and more possessively. We rocked into each other for long minutes, kissing, and caressing and loving each other. There was no desperation in seeking orgasms, just the act of giving to each other. It would end up being one of the most intense lovemaking sessions I would ever experience. It seemed we moved against each other for hours and maybe we did. Kissing and hugging and touching and sharing, it was tender, yet profoundly, brutally, painfully passionate.

Joni started whimpering and her breathing changed. "Chris," she whispered urgently, "I'm gonna cum soon and I think it's gonna be big, maybe huge. Are you close? Could you cum with me? I want a special finish to this, tonight."

"I can cum anytime, Joni." I answered softly, "Just let me know." (I was in one of those rare zones where I was in complete control of my body, I could release anytime I wanted. Maybe it was because I was experiencing so much sex that I had learned how to control myself. I wasn't and am not bragging, it was simply the truth. That statement hasn't always been accurate; however, it was just then.)

Joni's arms and legs tightened around me and she was moaning more with every breath. "Oh, Chris, ooooooooooohhhh Chris, OOOOOOHHHH CHRIS! Here it comes, oh Chriiiiis, cum with me, cum with me NOW!"

Joni's back arched off the bed and nearly threw me to the floor. I know what I just said about being in control, but the excitement of Joni's unbridled response to our lovemaking sent me over the edge. I increased my pace as I blasted volley after volley of juice deeply into her. This was so intense that it was very nearly painful and went on for minutes. I couldn't believe I had as much stuff left in me as it felt as if I were expelling. I kept thrusting into her as her head flailed from side to side as her body was wracked with wave after wave of pleasure.
