 Chapter 02: Sunshine

"Morning sunshine," Parker said with a smile. He propped himself up on an elbow and studied the hot young female he had just slept with. She lay on her back, her long dark brown hair sprawled out around her. Her delicate lips curved into a smile and she brought her hands up to rub the sleep from her captivating, brown eyes.

A slightly nervous look came to Megan's face. "umm…" She pushed the covers down to her stomach and sat up. "We have met, I know that much, but…" She looked down in embarrassment. 

"But you have no idea who I am, besides the guy you just slept with," Parker said with a grin. "Does that about cover it?" Parker looked her over, she seems so different, he thought. Her voice is so sweet and innocent compared to last night, wow.

Megan gave a nervous laugh, "umm, yes, just about. I'll guess that you already know who I am?"

"Yes, we've met already, twice actually believe it or not. My name's Parker, but you can call me Dark, a nickname I developed in high school." Parker said "Don't worry, it wasn't from anything bad, promise." He held up his right hand to prove his sincerity.

Megan shrugged. "Dark's nice, but I like parker." She said. "And could you please talk a little quieter?" Another nervous smile crossed her face.

"Hey, if you have the fun, you pay the price," Parker said in a low voice.

Megan gave a half smile, and nodded. She squinted in pain, and nodded more slowly.

"How about we go get some food?" Parker asked.

"Food would be wonderful." Megan smiled. 

"Great." Parker smiled back. "Think we should get dressed first?"

Megan's eyes shot open, she glanced under the covers, then pulled them tightly over her small white panties and bare legs. Her face turned bright red. "Umm…did you, I mean…umm, did we…"

"Did we have sex?" Parker asked, trying not to smile at her embarrassment.

Megan nodded, then squinted from pain yet again.

"No, we didn't. I promise. Even ask your roommate, though they were a little preoccupied. And may I just say…damn." 

Megan chuckled softly, as much as her body would allow without pain. "When they get drunk they can…well, I guess you know," Megan blushed slightly. "Umm, can you give me a minute, I would really like to change."

"Sure," Parker said with a smile. "I'll wait for you outside." He moved from under the sheets and climbed over her body. Megan blushed as he straddled her for a moment. She couldn't help but stare at his cut chest and abs, and the soft bulge in his boxer shorts.

When parker had stepped outside, fully dressed, she moved from under the covers. Max was still fast asleep next to Jenny, so she thought it safe to walk over to her dresser between the beds. She tried not to make any sudden movements. With the top drawer opened, she picked a pair of light blue cotton panties to go with a light blue short sleeve shirt she had. A quick glace over to Jenny's bed made sure they were still asleep, and Megan quickly stripped her shirt and peeled her white panties off. She dropped them to the floor, and groaned when she saw the big stain on the crotch left from what must have been a very horny night. Ohh God, she thought. A look of embarrassment passed across her face again. At least we didn't have sex. But I wonder what I did?

Megan quickly stepped into the fresh panties and a pair of white, khaki, skin tight pants. A matching blue bra and the blue t-shirt completed her outfit. Once fully dressed, she tip-toed over to her roommate's bed.

"Jenny?" She said softly. "Jenny, are you awake."

Her friend groaned. "t'sup sweetie?" Jenny asked, she put her hand over her eyes to shield them from the light.

"Parker and I are going to get breakfast, would you and Max mind coming too? Parker seems like a nice guy, but…I don't know." Megan whispered.

Jenny groaned again. "What time is it?"

"I think it's almost eleven o'clock." Megan answered.

"hmm, okay," She said. She sat up and turned to sit on the edge of the bed.

Megan flushed, then turned to leave, "I'll let you get dressed," She said. "We'll meet you downstairs."

"Huh?" Jenny asked, and then looked down at her body, she was still completely naked. She laughed. "Oh my god, last night was so amazing," she fell back against Max, and startled him. "At least I think it was…"

Megan left her to ponder the night's events. She stepped out the door, and looked around for Parker.

"Hey kid," Parker said from down the hall. "You look beautiful, ready to go?"

"Thank you, and yes," Megan said. "But I told Jenny we would wait for them downstairs, they want to go." Megan caught up to Parker and they walked down the hall.

"Really, I'm surprised they were up. They went at it pretty hard last night." Parker commented.

Megan blushed. "Umm, yeah. Jenny likes to get up around this time."

They turned to walk down the two flights of stairs to the ground floor.

"Hey, I got the perfect pick-me-up for you," Parker said, they reached the bottom of the steps. "It works every time." He walked over to the building's vending machine and took out his wallet. A moment later, he walked back with an 'XXX Health Water' bottle.

"Here, drink some of this," Parker said, and opened the bottle. Megan grabbed it and took a long gulp, followed by another.

The coolness of the liquid echoed throughout her entire body. "Wow," she stated. "That really does work. Thank you Parker." Megan leaned over and gave him a hug.

"You're welcome," he said, and brushed a stray strand of hair behind her ear. When she did not move away, he slid his hand behind her neck, and moved in to kiss her. The moment their lips made contact, Megan turned and broke it.

"I'm sorry if that was too soon," Parker said. "I just figured after last night-"

"No, I'm sorry Parker," Megan cut in. "That wasn't really me last night. I'm actually not really sure who that was, or what even happened to be honest. I've never drank before this semester at college, and…well I don't really know," She trailed off.

"I get it," Parker said in realization. "So, you want to start over?" He asked her.

"That would be nice," She smiled, and looked deep into his dark blue eyes for the first time.

"Hello there, my name is Parker, and you are?" Parker put out his hand.

Megan smiled. "Hello parker, my name is Megan," she shook his hand.

"Nice to meet you Megan. You know, I'm having this strange feeling of déjà vu, have me met before?" Parker grinned.

Megan laughed. "We might have," 

"Hey you two," came a voice from the stairs. Megan and Parker looked over to see Jenny waiving with one hand, and holding Max's hand with the other.

"Took you long enough," Megan said with a grin, they all moved for the main door together.

"Hey, give me a break, I had a long, hard…" She looked at max, "umm, night," she gave a wink. They all laughed.

"And how would you know?" Max asked Jenny, teasingly.

"Well, I don't really remember the good parts, but," She rubbed her crotch, "I'm sore enough to know it must have been damn well great."

Max rolled his eyes, and looked over to Megan. "You should thank Parker, Meg. He took good care of your silly little self last night." 

Megan smiled, "Thanks Max," she said. "And thank you," She reached down and slid her hand into Parker's. So we really didn't have sex, She looked up, Parker glanced down and smiled. 

* * *

"Hey bebe," Jenny said, squeezing the cheeks of Max's ass from behind him. "Whacha getting?"

"An omelet, u?" He replied, turning to give her a kiss. 

"I got some French toast," Jenny replied, they kissed. "What, no French kiss to go with our French breakfasts?" Jenny arched her eyebrows. Max turned fully around and embraced Jenny in a passionate kiss. Their mouths opened and their tongues danced. 

"Hey, there's a line here!" A shout came from behind them.

"Yeah, get a room!" Said someone else.

Max smirked. "I think we should take our leave." He grabbed his omelet. "Where did Megan sit?"

"She always goes over by the windows, c'mon.," Jenny said. "So what do you think of this Parker guy?"

"You mean Dark? Well, besides a sweet nickname, I'm not really sure yet, he seems cool. He was really nice to Megan all night. She was being such tease!" Max said.

"I know!" Jenny agreed. "I can't believe she got so drunk, how many did she have?"

"Only two, I think." Max laughed. "I think that's why she hasn't really drank that much up until last night."

"Hmm, they really didn't have sex though?" Jenny asked. "I thought for sure Meg was gonna screw his brains out, with the way she was acting."

"No, not that I remember, although they did get quite intimate. I do remember Megan making quite a few passes before passing out herself." Max looked around as they neared the windows. "There they are, in the corner, c'mon."

"Hey you two," Jenny greeted, they filled the empty chairs at Megan and Parker's table.

"So what's good with tonight?" Max asked. "You comin out Meg?"

A hurt expression crossed Jenny's face. "Ohh sure, don't ask your girlfriend or anything," she slapped him on the shoulder.

"What, you? Miss. Party Queen herself? I didn't think I had to ask." Max smirked.

"Pshh," Jenny said, and turned to her food.

"Umm, yeah, I might go out again," Megan replied, shooting a glance over to Parker.

"But let me guess," Max said, he dug into his food. "Only if Dark goes out too, right?"

"Dark?" Megan asked, confused. She looked to Parker, "ohh," she said, her face turned red. "Well, are you going to come, Parker?" Megan asked, modestly.

"Do you want me to come, Megan?" Parker asked, he glanced at Jenny and Max with a grin. 

"Only if you want to come with me," Megan looked into Parker's eyes, she smiled.

Jenny barely finished her bite before she burst out laughing, followed closely by Max.

"What?" Megan asked.

"Well," Jenny tried to control her laughter. "I'm almost positive Parker will really want to cum with you if you do anything more to him than you did last night."

Megan turned red again. "What did I do?" She asked, looking at Parker. 

"Nothing nearly as crazy as these two," Parker shifted the weight of the conversation from atop Megan. "You know you guys, when people say get a room, I'm sure they don't mean one with others already in it." Parker grinned at his new friends.

Jenny laughed again. "That's right!" She exclaimed. "I remember you watching my little striptease," She swiveled her hips in her chair. "I remember cause I winked at you. Well, we didn't really make it a private show or anything. But Meg's usually passed out by that time anyway," Jenny laughed.

"Yeah, if you think that was wild, that's not even the half of it." Max looked around, then lowered his voice. "Jenny blew me right here in the middle of the dining hall once, best blow job ever." Max leaned back and took a swig of his apple juice.  

"Oh my god, Jenny?" Megan asked, her mouth wide open.

It was Jenny's turn to look slightly embarrassed, but she quickly recovered. "Well, I think I was still a little drunk from the night before," she said. "You remember last Sunday, right? We went to breakfast and you decided to sleep in."

Megan shook her head, and Parker laughed to himself. "That's unbelievable. I didn't think there were actually women who did that sort of thing," he said.

Jenny leaned in across the table, and the others followed suit. Jenny lowered her tone of voice, "What do you say, Meggy?" Jenny arched her eyebrows a couple times.

"What?" Megan asked, whispering as well.

"What do you say we go blow for blow, right here right now." Max and parker broke out in laughter. "C'mon, I just might still be drunk, fastest one to swallow wins."

Megan turned cherry red. She looked to Parker, then quickly away.

"Oh I'm just kidding sweetie." Jenny said. "Besides, I think it would be a little unfair, I mean you've never even sucked…" She glanced to Parker, "oops," She broke out in laughter.

"Jenny!" Megan yelled. The redness of her face grew, if at all possible. She took a drink from her glass of water. 

She totally did that on purpose. Megan thought. Oh God, what does he think of me now, she glanced at Parker from the corner of her eye. He was staring out the window momentarily while the tension cleared from the air. She probably wants him for herself, I know she has to like him, we have practically the same taste in guys. Her mind was fuming at this point.

"F-fine," Megan spit out. "We can do it,"

"What?" Jenny asked, caught off guard. 

"Let's do it, you wanted to see whose better?" Megan challenged.

"Sweetie, I was just kidding, I didn't mean to slip-

"There's a lot you don't know about me, you know," Megan's attitude increased with her anger.

Jenny moved forward in her chair. "On yeah, like what?" She spit out.

Max and Parker looked at each other with raised eyebrows. Parker put his hand onto Megan's shoulder.

Max tried to break the tension. "Look Meg, Jenny didn't mean to, don't-

"Bet you don't know I had sex with Max!" Megan shouted.

Jenny pointed at Megan, "Oh fuck you sweetie!"

Max put his hand on his girlfriend's shoulder, "look Jenny, that was a long time ago, don't-

Jenny shot to her feet. "Oh my god, it's true!" She shouted at Max.

"Well, what am I supposed to tell you my whole life story, we've known each other for barely over a month!" Max yelled back. 

"Well Jeez, you should at least tell someone when you've fucked their roommate!"

"It was before we even came to college, you know Meg and I come from the same town."

"And have you fucked everyone else from your hometown?"

Megan tried to calm her friend down, "Jenny, I'm really sorry."

"Don't," Megan said, and stormed off.

"Jenny wait!" Max yelled. He ran after her.

* * *

Parker sat down onto the edge of his bed, and Megan joined him. Tears welled up in Megan's deep, brown eyes. She turned and buried her face in Parker's shoulder. "Oh god Parker, what did I just do!" She sobbed.

Parker put his hand around her and rubbed her back softly, he tried to comfort her. "I think she was still a little drunk. When it wears off, everything will be okay, just wait."

"But you don't understand. Jenny is really protective of her guys. I don't think she is going to forgive me."

"But there was nothing you could have done about it. From the way it sounded, you and Max had sex way before you and Jenny became roommates. She can't be that ridiculous. Just give her a chance to calm down." Parker gave her a hug, and Megan returned the embrace.

"I don't know." Megan sniffled. She looked up into Parker's eyes. "Can I…stay with you, tonight?" She hesitantly asked. "I don't want to go back, yet."

"Of course," Parker gazed into her eyes with sincerity.

"Ohh, thank you Parker," Megan hugged him more tightly. She sighed, and then sniffled again. She suddenly felt responsible for many of the recently encountered problems. "I'm so sorry."

"For what?" He asked, confused.

"Fo-for teasing you like I must have last night, and because I-I know I am not the same person you must have liked last night, I'm sorry I'm so different, and I know guys don't like girls who cry, but-but," her tears increased.

"Hey," Parker said, in a serious, stern tone. "Hey, stop." He slid away from her and placed his hands on her shoulders. Parker looked into her beautiful brown eyes. "I am here because I want to be here with you. I want to comfort you, I want to make you happy, and I want to spend time with you. Not just you from last night, but you now, this you. Do you understand that? I like you Megan. I like your shyness and your innocence." He kissed her on the forehead. "I like your beautiful brown eyes." He kissed one as it fluttered shut. "I like your nose." He kissed it on the tip. "I like your tears." He kissed a tear as it left her eye, she smiled. "I like your smile." He leaned in and kissed her on the lips. 

She kissed back. Their hands moved to each other's backs and they slid further onto the bed.

Parker laid on his back and pulled Megan on top of him, she straddled his waist. They continued their kiss, and Megan felt Parker's warm tongue press against her lips. She opened her mouth and their tongue's intertwined.

Megan abruptly broke away and sat up, she breathed heavily. "Umm…." She looked around the room.

"Are we moving too fast, we can slow down?" Parker asked.

"You are sweet, Parker." Megan blushed. She looked nervous. "Where is your roommate?"

"He went home for the weekend," Parker answered. "He will be back late tomorrow night."

"Ohh," Megan looked down, she squirmed on top of him. His dick hardened beneath her butt and she blushed. Does he want to have sex with me? She asked herself. Then another thought occurred to her. Do I want to have sex with him?

Megan crossed her arms; she reached for the bottom of her shirt and began to hesitantly raise it up. When it passed her belly button, Parker stopped her.

"Wait," he said. "Are you sure?"

"I thought you wanted to…"

"Only if you do, Megan. I don't want to do anything unless you are ready. Do you want to?"

She nodded. Megan moved from the bed and stood in the middle of the room. She spoke barely above a whisper, "I want you to undress me."

Parker smiled. "Mmm, I like it!" She blush at his comment. He stood and walked over to her. He circled her body. 

Fingers caressed Megan's back, and she shivered. They worked their way around her waist and to her stomach. An involuntary, barely audible moaned escaped her once Parker's hands caressed her sensitive abdomen. She smiled up at his eyes.

"Don't be nervous," Parker said, seeing the look of uncertainty. He stopped in front of her and turned to face her. His hands moved to her sides and slowly worked their way upward over her light blue shirt. His touch playfully avoided her breasts and moved to her shoulder. One hand slid behind her neck, and the other moved around her side and to her back. 

Parker moved in and kissed her. He pressed his tongue against her lips, and she opened her mouth. 

After minutes of what seemed to be eternal bliss, they parted. Parker moved his hand from Megan's neck, over her shoulder, and down her arm. He continuously ran his hands over her entire body, he avoided any direct contact with her breasts, butt, and pussy. This was done as a heightening effect. It dramatically increased her arousal, and her pleasure to come. Only beginners went for the intimate parts immediately.

Megan breathed deep, her body became fully flushed, and her heart beat at a thousand beats a minute. I've never felt this way before, she thought. Her vision blurred in and out of focus. Mmm, I don't think I want this to ever end. "Don't stop," She whispered, and moaned quietly.

Parker reached for the front of her shirt and brought it up to the bottoms of her breasts, she nodded with a nervous smile, and he continued. A lacey blue bra slipped into view, Megan raised her arms, and parker took her shirt over her head. He took a step back, her shirt dangled loosely from his fingers.

"Wow," he said. Oh my god, she is unbelievable! Her breasts heaved over her flat stomach with her breathing and seemed ready to burst free of her bra. Parker moved in and wrapped his arms around her, they kissed. She's so warm, she's burning up. He traced his fingers over her back, and she pressed her soft chest into his body. 

They parted and Parker gradually circled around her. When he came to her back, he put his hands on her shoulders and gave her a massage. Megan moaned and shifted in her stance. 

His hands slid down her back and a flick of his fingers released her bra clasp. Her back tensed at this, and his hands moved back to her shoulders. They slid down her chest and enclosed her cupped breasts for the first time. Her soft pliable mounds felt homely to his palms.
