 I was having a horrible day. My girlfriend of several months, Isabella, had gone out of town to go to a conference. Usually, that wouldn't be a problem, but we had been having some issues as of late, and, for the past two weeks she had been texting another man. I had seen some of the texts over her shoulder and I had seen her sweet smile every time he text. It killed me to think something might be going on, but, alas, it's what I thought. 

I sat at home after she'd left, just thinking. The first night she was gone, there were no calls, no texts saying she made it there. I only had one plan of action, and I felt guilty, but I implemented it anyway. Several hours later, my buddy, whom I'd saved his ass a time or two called. He told me he had some pictures of Isabella with another man, a man who was speaking at the conference and he wanted to warn me before sending them my way. I agreed that I was certain they would be painful, but, I needed to see what was going on. 

Pretty soon my phone beeped with Darin's pics. There they were; Isabella and Jay, holding hands at the bar, kissing in the hallway, and going into the hotel room. I was broken-hearted. I quickly shut off my phone and lay on the couch. Here I was, a mid-30's man, in a relationship with the woman of my dreams, and she was cheating on me. I broke down and cried. I must have fallen asleep because it was dark when there was a knock at the door. 

I went to the door, and tried to throw my hair back into some semblance of order. I unlocked the door and opened it. I saw a small red car in the driveway and when I opened the glass door, around the corner I saw Isabella's best friend Gillian. Gillian was huddled against the wall out fighting the wind. 

I told Gillian hello and told her that Isabella was gone for the weekend. She told me she had forgotten until the moment I had opened the door. We both stood there for a moment, in awkward silence. Gillian asked me if I was okay, and commented that my eyes looked puffy. 

I told her I had received some bad news and I had been upset when I fell asleep on the couch. Gillian asked if she could come in, and reluctantly, I stepped aside and let her in

She asked what was going on, and I told her that I wanted to say, but it involved Isabella, and knowing they were best friends, I didn't want to ruin that. Gillian looked me in the eyes and stated "She's cheating on you." I dropped my head in shame. Even her best friend knew. What kind of fool I must look like. 

Gillian grabbed me and pulled me into a hug. "I know what it's like to be on this end of things, hon." We held each other for a while, until it became uncomfortable. Not physically of course, but, well, it was going to be getting physically uncomfortable in the pants had we held on much longer. 

I released her and smiled. I felt a bit better already. 

"I have a suggestion if you don't mind," Gillian offered. "How about you go lay down and I give you a nice friendly massage to take your mind off things." 

I felt a bit uncomfortable, but I followed her to the bedroom, a room she was familiar with as she had been in our house often as a guest and friend. I went to lie on the bed and she stopped me. "Off with the shirt," she said, "and don't worry I've seen a man's bare back before," she joked with a smile. 

I took off my shirt and I lay on the bed. As I was lying down, for the first time I had noticed Gillian's body. She was wearing a low cut peach shirt with a white undershirt beneath it. Her cleavage was visible but wasn't showing in a sexual way. Gillian was about 5'4" and weighed 135-140lbs. A bit heavier than Isabella, but not in a bad way. 

Gillian went into the bathroom and dug through the cabinets. She came out a few minutes later with some massage oil. I was already feeling quite relaxed when she stepped to the bed where I was laying. I closed my eyes and I felt the warmth of her touch as I melted below her hands. I slept.

I woke; I'm not sure if minutes or hours later. I was alone. I was on top of the covers, still face down. My pants had been pulled down a bit, around my ass, and the cool air felt good on my skin. My back felt great and my muscles had the relaxation they needed. I heard movement and I smelled a tinge of cigarette smoke. 

Gillian was walking back into the bedroom; she'd just taken a smoke break apparently. As she walked up to the bed, I looked at my phone. It was already one in the morning. Gillian sat down beside me and asked if I felt better. I told her I did, which was the truth. I felt so much more relaxed than I had several hours earlier. 

Gillian paused for a moment, and then with obvious trepidation, asked if she could sleep in my bed tonight. She quickly added that it was late and she just didn't want to drive across town. 

I thought for a moment. I thought of what Isabella was doing. I thought about what would happen if Gillian came on to me. Would I have the power to say no? In my weakened emotional state, I wasn't sure if I could. 

Gillian asked if I minded if she took her clothes off to sleep and I quickly suggested she grab a shirt of mine from the closet. The walk-in closet. I was hoping she would go in so I wouldn't have to see her change. Yeah, I was curious, but, I didn't need any extra help in the temptation department. She went in and was rifling around, so I quickly jumped up, opened my bedside drawer and pulled out an old pair of pajama bottoms which I threw on quickly. 

Gillian came out of the closet and went to Isabella's side of the bed. She slipped under the covers and I did as well. I stayed pointed away and soon, I felt her cuddle next to me. It definitely wasn't Isabella, but, it was what I needed. I quickly fell asleep as her hand moved across my hip.

I woke up, and this time I was facing Gillian, but for a moment, probably due to sleep, I had forgotten who it was. My hand was on her hip as she faced away from me. My cock was throbbing as it threatened to tear out of my pants, its head nestled in the soft roundness of her ass. Before I realized it was Gillian, my hand snaked across her stomach and up her shirt, coming to rest against her naked breast. That's when I realized who it was. Her breast was soft and large; nearly the same size as Isabella's but, not quite as firm and round. I felt her nipple harden as my palm rested against it. Gillian pressed her hips back, moving her ass against my straining erection.

Before I knew what I was doing, I squeezed her breast and moved my hips forward. Gillian's hand slipped back and dug roughly into my pants, reaching in and pulling hard at my cock. There was no fight from me and even though my mind was telling me no, my body was in complete defiance of my better thoughts. I felt her rip my pants down, freeing my hardness, pressing the tip against the soft thin fabric of her panties. 

My hands tweaked her nipple, pulling it downward as she arched her back in pleasure. She moaned and spun around. She sat up and ripped my shirt off, throwing it aside. She reached down and pulled on my pajamas next, completely freeing me of any clothing. My cock was huge as it pointed right at her. I had not seen it so large in some time. 

Gillian pushed me back, into the bed and climbed on me, pressing her breasts against my chest as her right hand pulled my cock to her warm center. Her eyes locked on mine and I felt her use my swollen head to move her panties aside. She sank her pussy, which was sloppily wet, all the way to the hilt in one stroke. Her pussy was hot, so very hot, and so very wet. It wasn't shaved like Isabella's. It wasn't as perfect as Isabella's in shape. It was nothing in comparison to Isabella's tight pussy, but at that moment, all I felt was lust, and that's all that mattered. 

Gillian began slamming her hips against mine. She wasn't nearly as romantic in her grunts as what I was used to and she seemed to be fucking me with a fervor and anger to match my own. She sat up and pressed her clit against the top of my pubic mound. I reached up and grabbed her breasts, which were hanging down, her hard, light pink nipples pointed at mine. 

Gillian started to moan as she rode me. My cock was driving deeper and deeper into her as she ground against me. I felt her pussy tighten and suddenly her breath caught. She screamed and started pounding her fists against my chest as she came. As her body seemed to be completely stiffened, I reached up and grabbed her hips and drove my hips as fast and hard as I could into her. Gillian continued to orgasm, her hands went back to mine, pulling herself along with my thrusts. 

It wasn't long before Gillian collapsed. As she did, I only pulled out enough to change my position where she was lying on her side. I straddled one leg and forced my cock in and out while she convulsed below me. It wasn't long and my anger and frustration came to a head. I felt my cock begin to swell and I began to pull out. Gillian grabbed my hip and held me. "Cum in me, please" she begged. I pulled out for just a moment and stroked it while she watched. Her hand went down and began stroking her own clit. I knew I was going to cum imminently and I shoved my cock back into her wet pussy. I felt her body stiffen as her fingers pulled against her pussy and within three or four strokes, my cock swelled again and I felt her pussy lock down on me. I could no longer hold back and I shot stream after stream of cum deep inside Gillian while she screamed below me.

I collapsed after a few moments beside her, my cock still locked inside her. I could feel both of us pulsing as we lay together. I could feel the cum seeping out of her pussy around my cock, which was still surprisingly hard. My hand went back to her breast, as it did earlier, and I held her. I could only think of Isabella, but, at that moment, I also was glad Gillian was there. Soon, I fell asleep, my cock still in her pussy.

The next morning, I awoke, still cuddled against Gillian, my cock trapped between her ass cheeks. I looked down and for the first time noticed how her ass was shaped. I saw the tattoo above her ass, and I traced it lightly. I must have moved too much, because I felt her body stiffen and she rolled her face toward me. Gillian smiled. 

At that moment, I felt the pain that I just cheated: that horrible, yet, awesome thrill. Gillian laid there, a smile on her face. "Isabella was so right about how you fuck," she said. It made me feel good for some reason that Isabella had bragged about me, and even better that Gillian agreed. Gillian turned her body toward me, grabbed my stiffening cock and let me know the weekend was not over, but, also made me swear, the happenings this weekend would never leave that bedroom. I promised. Well, I did, until I wrote it down...