 (Essential to read part I and II) 

*

Brenda and I woke up rather early, so we decided to shower before Roger and Yvonne woke up. Of course, we had a bit of fun but nothing to write about. It was hurried because Brenda had previously arranged to spend time with her mother. 

She finished in the shower and left to get dressed. After a sufficient amount of time past, I finished my shower and headed to the bedroom wrapped in a towel. 

I smiled, looking her up and down, "Ah, perfect timing; I see you're dressed and ready to go." 

"Yes, considerate of you to give me some privacy; a girl doesn't want to reveal her beauty secrets."

I pulled her close, "I remembered."

She kissed me gently before pulling way. "You know we can't get started again. I need to go." She checked herself one last time in the mirror, "Tell Roger and Yvonne I'll see them later." Another kiss, only this time on the cheek, "And I'll definitely see you later, mister." It was her turn to look me up and down, "You better get dressed; I'll let myself out."

"Okay, later!"

I was preparing breakfast when Roger appeared just outside the kitchen, "Well, good morning, my man, everything good?" He asked, alluding to last night.

"Well, I'm making breakfast so, yes, it's all good" I chuckled.

He headed off to the bathroom and I focused on the task at hand. Satisfied everything was ready I went to my room to do some last minute tidying --up. 

Yvonne announced that she had set the table, so I headed in the kitchen.

"Thank you for making breakfast", she said. 

I hadn't notice her go into the bathroom but it was obvious she had freshened up. 

"Ah, no problem; it's the least I could do." 

"You have any plans for today?" Yvonne asked

"No, not really; thought I'd just chill-out."

"Well, I've got to pick-up a car for my brother and drop it off at the shop," Roger announced. "It shouldn't take more then an hour. When I get back we can decide on something to do. I think Yvonne wants to go to the mall later; maybe there's something showing at the movies."

"Listen, I'm okay to do whatever you guys want to do," I chimed in.

"You're both willing to go shopping? I can't believe it!" Yvonne said.

"Believe it, baby. Today you have too handsome men to look after you," Roger commented before kissing Yvonne. "I have to go. I'll be back as soon as I can."

"Okay, baby, we'll see you in a bit."

Yvonne looked across the table at me, "I guess that leaves the two of us."

"Yes, it does." I gave her a quick up and down look that I'm sure didn't go unnoticed. I think women have an uncanny ability to know these things. I wasn't outwardly flirting, but I couldn't help but notice that Yvonne was an attractive woman; even sitting there in matching pajamas and housecoat. 

"Well, I better start cleaning the kitchen and bathroom so I'll be ready when Roger gets back."

"Nonsense, I'll help." I thought about how to delegate the chores. "How about I do the kitchen and you do the bathroom?"

Smile, "Okay, that's a plan." 

We both went about our individual task for what couldn't have been more then twenty-minutes.

Yvonne walked into the kitchen, having cleaned the bathroom. I had just finished sweeping the floor. 

After dumping the dirt into the garbage bag, I turned round and to my surprise Yvonne was standing with her back to me. 

Before I could register why she was so close, she backed up against me and rubbed her ass up and down on my cock; she looked back at me with a sexy grin. 

I didn't have time to process what was happening, but my cock did. 

Yvonne stopped what she was doing, turned completely round and looked down to see if her actions had the intended affect. 

I followed her eyes and we both noticed that my dick was visibly hard. 

She gave me another wicked smile and I did the same. 

Just as we were reaching out to embrace each other, the door opened, 

"Yvonne, where did I put the title to the car?" Roger asked. "I can't drop it off without it." 

Yvonne left me in the kitchen with broom in hand and met Roger in the living-room, "I think it's in the bedroom with the rest of your papers".

"Damn, I hope so".

"Surely you're not trying to get out of taking me shopping and to a movie?"

"No, not at all; I'm looking forward to just chilling-out".

"Well, good, 'cause I'm just finishing up the housework and I was about to get dressed."

"Cool, oh, my mom is across the street at Betty's house, so she'll probably stop over."

"Why?" Yvonne queried; does she know we're going out?"

"Yes, I told her; she might not even stop over."

While Yvonne and Roger were chatting, my cock was still hard. 'Damn, her ass felt good rubbing up and down on me. Um, without warning or pretence; fuck, that was so naughty. Shit, I want to fuck her!'

Whilst continuing their conversation, Yvonne looked over at me from her bedroom door. 

Without thinking, I rubbed my cock for her to see then I went into the bathroom; purposefully leaving the door open. 

I stood over the toilet, pulled out my cock and started stroking it. 

Just as I expected, Yvonne was soon standing at the kitchen door. I looked at her as I continued stroking it. 

"Ah, I found it." Roger announced. 

Yvonne quickly went toward the bedroom and I immediately zipped up and headed to my room. 

"Okay, I'll be right back." Roger left

When Yvonne came into my room, I was laying on the bed stroking my cock. 

She had started this, so I had to show her I was just as bold. 

She watched me, than went to the window to see if her mother --in-law was coming. 

I continued stroking and she continued watching. 

She came over and pulled my pants open so she could get a better look. After a few seconds, she went back to the window; she repeated this a few times, each time getting hotter and bolder. 

Finally, after checking the window one last time, she sat on the bed and took my cock into her hand and started stroking it.

"You're a dirty little lady."

"Yes"

You were listening to me fuck Brenda last night."

"Yes."

"And it made you hot; you wanted to see what made it impossible for her to keep quiet."

"Yes."

Damn, she was stroking my cock so good. 

"After I licked her pussy, she rode my cock." I looked into her eyes. "Um, you're stroking the cock that Brenda was sliding up and down on." I moved my hips up and down. "Um, you love that."

"Yes, I do"

"I think you'd like to sit on it."

"Yes, I'd like that." 

Damn, I was close to cumming.

"Um, I can't now; my mother-in-law might visit."

She didn't stop stroking my cock though. "I understand, but I need to cum".

"Yes, okay, please cum for me."

"Fine, but I don't want to mess up my clothes; we're going shopping, remember?"

"Yes, okay, but what should we do?"

"Ah, you'll just have to suck me off!" 

She looked into my eyes, then down to my cock. There was no turning back for her now.

"Your mother-in-law might be coming and I need to cum."

After reaching an unspoken decision, Yvonne leaned forward and took my entire cock in to her mouth. 

"Ah, yes, that's it baby, suck my cock. Damn, you do that so good; yes, use your tongue just like that."

Yvonne expertly sucked and stroked my cock for a few minutes before I grabbed her head and announced, "I cumming." 

I exploded forcefully and she swallowed everything I had to offer. 

Before we could savour the moment, the front door opened. 

Yvonne got up and rushed to the front door. 

I adjusted my pants before heading into the living room. When Yvonne and her mother entered, I was sitting on the couch watching the morning news.