 I follow the gospel of Sir Mix-A-Lot, baby has got to have back. I like them thick. If it's BBW then I am ready to play. Give me big tits, thick thighs, round asses and a belly to match and I will have the hardest cock you have ever seen. 

And no girl has got this guy harder than Kelly. 

But, you know how these things go, right? First we have to get through some bullshit before you get to the good part and start cranking your cock or diddling your pussy. My name is Randy. I am your average guy with a dead end security job. When I first got the job when I was 21 I said to myself 'it's only going to get better from here'. What a load of horse shit. I am now 31 and still sitting at the same desk in the guard shack at a fucking potato plant that's too hot in the summer and an ice box in the winter. 

But as snarky as it may sound, it's not all that bad. I get free WiFi, all the coffee I could drink and once a year the company gives us gift hampers of all their products. That's right, your boy eats French fries for a month straight! Still, I work the graveyard, this means I can do what I want more or less, minus some check ins I have to do. But between the hours of 1am and 5am, I don't see a soul. 

So I watch a lot of goddamned pornography. 

Now it's not only the thick chicks. I like them all. Chubby, skinny, tall, short, red hair, blonde, black, Asian and every race in between. I am an international traveller when it comes to porn. Of course, stroking out in the bathroom gets boring after the first, oh, 3 fucking years of doing it. That's when I figured I needed a woman in my life. That's when I hit up an adult personal site. 

What a sausage fest. So many horny dudes and very little action for me. Hell, half the women on there were 'not looking for a man', 'don't contact if single man', etc and so on. You know exactly what I mean, right fellas? Still, I am no quitter (look at my current job for the past 10 years). Even with dozens of no replies or flat out rejections, I am one persistent son of a bitch. 

But it wasn't me who made first contact with Kelly.

She slid into my inbox one winter morning saying things like 'oh you seem funny', 'you come off as an honest guy'. Great, I am the funny guy. I can make you laugh. Yay me. But whatever,. I wrote her back and started looking through her pics. There was no spread vag where I could see her ovaries, just some classy (well, for this site) nudes. Almost professional. She was also chubby, with tits the size of my head and thighs a man could drown in. 

But let me stress, she wasn't obese. Nothing on her was disgusting. Beauty may be in the eye of the beholder, but if your rolls have rolls, I'll pass. But Kelly? Damn. Just...damn. Red hair, a face and chest littered with freckles, a brilliant smile and of course, a pussy smoother than polished steel. Even after all the porn I had become desensitized to, Kelly's pics were getting a rise out of me. She wasn't just hot as fuck - she was beautiful. 

I hit her back with a message. Got to play it cool. Don't send her your dick. Just say some funny shit, flirt. 

And this would go on for three weeks without much of a change. I was cursed with blue balls. Sure, I made her laugh and she would end her messages in 'XOXOXO thinking of you~' we really hadn't talked much about sexual things. I was starting to get all types of frustrated.

"Hey, Randy. I have an odd question." My newest message from Kelly. "We have been talking for awhile now and was just wondering. I mean, you're nice and funny and all types of handsome but I want to know something. Do you want to fuck?"

Okay, this was all my fault. Maybe I was playing it a bit too cool. I was playing that funny card and now she just got a full house and cleaned me out. So I responded to her by saying 'yes, I want to fuck you, more than you can imagine'.

That's when she sent me a picture of her fingering her puffy pussy lips and a message that said, 'good, I am fucking soaked and have been wanting your cock.'

I may or may not have done a little fist pump in my office chair. It was time to set a date and finally meet. This Saturday, dinner at Outback Steakhouse, see how it goes from there. As soon as that was set, I went to the bathroom and jerked off like a wild man.

The night of our meetup, I was a mess. It had honestly been half a decade since I had a real date (and not pick up some drunken slut from the bar). I got my hair cut, bought a new polo shirt and put on my nicest pair of jeans. A spritz of cologne and I was in my piece of shit truck to Outback. 

I arrived first, got seated and waited. Part of me was expecting some hairy dude with facial tattoos to show up, another was the nagging fear that she wasn't going to show up at all. Thankfully, I was wrong on both account as Kelly appeared in the flesh, wearing a sweater and some dress pants, her hair with a slight curl to it - styled just for tonight. She smiled as she saw me and I waved, standing up to greet her. I wasn't sure what to expect. A handshake maybe? Nope, I got a full on hug and much to my surprise, a kiss on the lips.

Jesus Christ I felt like a kid again. 

After the waitress took our orders, we engaged in small talk.

"Wow, you look amazing." I told her, taking a sip from a glass of water.

"Not so bad yourself, handsome." She wore red lipstick, but not a whorish shade. It really suited her and made her lips look succulent, wet. Every time she spoke I found myself entranced by them, often only replying with 'uh huh' and 'of course', fully taken in by those lips of hers. 

Did I honestly think we were going to fuck tonight? I wasn't so sure. But just to be on the safe side, I didn't get a big meal. I am pretty sure it would be a turn off if I invited her back to my place for me to pause the action and say 'I gotta take a shit' all because of a slight case of irritable bowel syndrome. Now and then during the dinner she would brush her leg against mine, or reach for my hand. I could tell just from the way she moved and presented herself, the times when she would toy with her hair when I told her some clever anecdote from my past that yeah - she was into me. 

I skipped the dessert menu. 

"I got this." I said as the waitress brought our bill.

"You sure? I don't mind going half on it." She reached for her wallet on the table.

"Forget it, it's my treat. For making you wait so long. We should have met in person much sooner."

The tab was paid and we went out into the chilly winter night. 

"So, that was nice. What you wanna do now? Go get a drink or..." I was about to suggest maybe head back to my place for a movie, but I was cut off as she grabbed my coat and thrust her tongue in my mouth. It took me 2 seconds to realize what was going on before I even bothered to return the kiss, my hands falling upon her hips and my tongue clashing of hers. 

When we broke our lip lock, she looked at me in the eyes and had a grin upon her lips. 

"How about you take me home and fuck the shit out of me?"

Do you know how hard it is to drive when a sexy, chubby red head is pawing at your crotch? I do. Because as soon as we were in my truck we were clashing tongues once more and her hand was grabbing at my dick through my jeans. 

"Holy shit, it feels bigger than the pics you showed me." Fuck, fuck, fuck, gotta get home but gotta try not to crash getting there. "I can't wait to see it in person." 

I mean, going 10 miles over the speed limit through a school zone isn't a crime when you cock is this hard, right? By the time we got to my little house, she already had my cock out and in her hand, stroking it just as I was shutting off the engine. 

"Ngh, shit girl, you're driving me insane."

"Just you wait." She said, biting her bottom lip. And I didn't even have to wait long, because she undid her seat belt, leaned over in her seat and swallowed my prick into her mouth right then and there. And I mean, she took it all. Now I am not saying I am some porn star or anything, but you have to admit, 7 and 1/2 inches is pretty impressive - even more impressive that this redhead was taking me down to the base in her hot mouth. 

"Holy fuck..." I groaned, scooping up handfuls of her hair so I could get a good view of her cocksucking. We may have just eaten, but this girl was hungry. She deep throated me, gagged, brought her mouth up and then went right back at it. If she didn't stop soon I was going to pump my load down her throat and be done for the night. "Stop, holy fuck stop." I begged.

Kelly brought her mouth up and gasped for air, a rope of drool flicking off her china nd onto her sweater. 

"You wanna go in?" She asked.

I held back any smart ass remarks and just nodded, climbing out of the truck and heading into the house with her in tow, my cock still out for the world to see and her licking and kissing at my neck as I fumbled with the keys.

By the time we got in and the door shut, she was jerking me off again, thrusting her tongue into my mouth. Fuck this girl was horny. I cupped the crotch of her pants and rubbed between her legs though the fabric - I could feel the heat coming off her and she squirmed in delight. 

"Fuck I want you so bad." She whispered.

"I want you too, baby." 

Somehow we made it into the bedroom and she pushed me on the bed, reaching for my jeans to tug them off along with my boxers while I got rid of that new polo shirt. Once again, biting her bottom lip, she looked at me sprawled out on the bed. She slipped her sweater over her head, revealing a black satin bra that barely contained those fat tits of hers. She reached for the front clasp and a wave of flesh came spilling out, those massive tits with little nipples, positively delightful.

Kelly tossed the top part of her wardrobe to the side and worked on the lower half, wiggling out of her dress pants to reveal the cutest pair of panties I had ever seen, white cotton with cherries all over them - and on the back? As she turned around to kick her pants away I read what was on her ass, 'Pop My Cherry'. They were so good looking on her, I almost didn't want them to go, but as she slid them down and exposed that puffy cunt of hers; there was no going back. 

She stood at the edge of the bed, looking down at me as I casually stroked my cock. 

"Am I as good looking as I am in the pictures?"

"Better." I replied. A blush rose through her freckled cheeks as she started climbing up on the bed next to me. 

"Need a hand there?" She was looking at me stroking my cock, "I see we won't need any lube." Nope, I had more than enough precum to slide into the dustiest of pussies. But when she grabbed my cock and I slipped a hand between her legs, yeah, she wouldn't need it - Kelly was soaked. 

We went about this mutual masturbation for a bit, tasting our mouths once again but I was so fucking horny I needed more out of my chubby girl. 

"I need to taste you." I told her as we broke out kiss. 

"Mmm, okay. How do you want me?"

I wanted to tell her that I wanted her full of cum and exhausted but we would get there. Instead I told her to get on her hands and knees so I could get a good look at her.

I was not disappointed. 

With that thick ass up in the air, her feet hanging off the edge of the bed, I got behind Kelly for the most glorious view I have ever seen. Her chubby pussy was glistening in her juices and she had the perfect, puckered asshole. There was not a blemish on her body and I had to keep myself from just grabbing her hips and thrusting my cock in either hole right then and there. 

Instead, I got to my knees and lowered my face into that fat cunt of hers, right away slurping and sucking at her wetness. 

"Oh fuck...don't you fucking stop..." She demanded as she reached back with one hand and spread one of her asscheeks. She taste amazing. I have been down on some nasty ass girls before, but Kelly had this sweet tang about her that was intoxicating. My tongue was getting quite the work out. I reached up and gave her a quick slap on the ass, to which she let out a moan of pleasure. "Ohhh, fuck! Harder!" 

A few harsh slaps later and her chubby rear was almost as red as her hair. 

I continued to feast on that juicy cunt for as long as I could take it, before licking all the way up to her other hole. Both my hands clamped down on her pudgy ass and spread her cheeks wide. 

"You look so good from back here." I said as I dared to flick my tongue against her asshole.

"And it's all yours, baby. Do whatever you want."

Whatever I wanted was eating that ass of hers, my tongue giving her puckered hole a washing as my fingers found their way inside her cunt, 2...then 3, finger fucking that sloppy pussy from behind as her hips rocked back onto my digits. 

"Fuck, oh fuck Randy...I am going to cum..." She whined, one of her hands between her legs and diddling her clit.

"Cum for me." I growled as I stopped probing her ass with my tongue for only a moment. My fingers pumped her pussy deeply, and with each thrust her wetness would make a loud, sloppy, sloshing noise. This girl was making my fingertips prune. 

"Fuck me..." She moaned, "Fuck me, fuck me, oh shit, gonna...AHN!" 

Remember how I told you I watched a lot of porn? Well nothing prepared me for this. Kelly violently quaked upon my bed, her pudgy body a wave of flesh as she came - and she soaked my sheets as her pussy squirted hot juices onto my fingers in a spray that took me completely by surprise. Kelly wailed and shook through her whole orgasm, until finally she slumped down and said, 

"Fuck...stop...please..."

Slowly, I removed my slick fingers from her pussy, seeing them coated in her juices and the wet marks upon my tanned sheets. She had soaked them right through tot he mattress. It drove me wild. 

"How was that?" I asked her as she rolled onto her back, breathing heavily. 

"So good, holy fuck." She looked over her fat tits and watched as I stood up, stroking my cock at the sight of her chubby, used body. "Mmm, do you want to cum, baby?"

No, I want to go read the bible and drink warm milk.

Is what I wanted to say. Instead, 

"Yes...so fucking bad..." There's a time for being clever and a time for telling someone exactly what you want. Me, I wanted to nut. 

"Do you have a condom?"

And boom goes the dynamite. I haven't had to buy a condom for years, so anything I did have would be expired by now. Fuck my life.

"Shit, no."

"Well then..." There was a glint in her eye, as though the devil was taking control and plotting something sinister. She lifted her legs, took them in her legs and Jesus Christ, pulled them, back far, nearly folding herself in half as she said. "Guess you will have to fuck my ass then." 

I am going to marry this girl.

I climbed onto the bed and got on my knees before her, using my hand to direct my cock to her asshole. 

"You sure?" I mean, I wasn't a small guy, and I had never done anal in this position before.

"Yes, fuck my asshole. Use me." 

No more encouragement needed as a glob of pre dribbled out of my tip and splashed upon her pucker. I positioned my tip against it, smearing the clear liquid all over her opening, then came the first bit of entry. 

I was almost shocked at how easily her ass accepted my fat cock, someone was no stranger to anal it seemed. I pushed in deeper, finally breaking the seal as my head sunk in and I could feel that rough bit of flesh in her ass that greeted my cock. Kelly winced and I almost stopped, but she assured me it was fine with, 

"Give me all of your fucking cock."

I sunk in deeper, it was getting hotter, smoother, and eventually I was balls deep in that tight ass of hers as her eyes rolled back in her head and she let out a low moan - such a sexy sight. The light hit her face in such a way that her cheeks seemed to radiate warmth, a strange vision indeed considering I was now ass fucking this BBW red head into the juices she sprayed on my bed. 

We started slow at first, testing her tolerance for a thick cock up her asshole, but it wouldn't be long until I was pounding her ass for all it was worth as she belted out,

"FUCK ME! OH FUCK! YES! SUDE ME LIKE THE FAT WHORE I AM!"

I had little for words except for grunting and the occasional,

"Mmm, yeah, take you fucking slut, you fuck pig."

As she kept her legs up, she reached between her legs and started playing with that chubby pussy again, giving me quite the show as I railed her ass hard and deep, seeming to sink in further with every thrust.

Her pussy was so wet that when she furiously masturbated, she flicked juices everywhere, I could feel the hot droplets splash on my chest and leak down to my cock below. Damn, if she sat on my face I would drown!

"MMM, OH FUUUUUCK..." She wailed, "GONNA CUM. OH FUCK!" 

Just a few more thrusts and then it happened, she squirted again. This time the pussy juice splashed all the way up to her face and exploded like a geyser all over the place. It was at this most precious moment that I buried myself into her ass and blew my load, pumping what felt like a 4 litre jug of sperm into her bowels. She was shaking violently, I was deep dicking her ass, and finally, my cock slipped out and what wasn't trapped up in her asshole, came spilling out and dribbling between the cheeks of her ass. 

Kelly lay panting on the bed now, legs dropped and spread while I simply collapsed on my side next to her, trying to catch my breath - it was the most intense load I had ever shot, without a doubt. 

Her hand found mine and just held it, and I gave it a squeeze as slowly, the afterglow began to fade and reality came back into focus.

"Hey, Randy?"

"Yeah, babe?"

"That was amazing." Kelly rolled over to her side to face me, she was so damned beautiful. No matter how lewd we got, I felt genuine love for this woman, the sexy, stacked chubby redhead. 

"You're amazing."

And you know what? Only 2 months later we were living together. You know as well as I do that relationships seem to go stale as time goes by, but not Kelly and I. We inspired each other. She convinced me to quit my piece of shit job and I eventually landed in a management position for a tool company. Kelly meanwhile wanted to lose a little weight; much to my chagrin. However, I supported her and the 30 less lbs. Actually somehow even made her sexier.

And then there's the sex. What started off with a bang continues to produce fireworks. We would watch porn and try out the things we saw, even discovering new kinks we didn't know we had. Sharing dark secrets that we as single people used to masturbate about and swore no one else would know. Well, Kelly learned that I liked to watch her pee. On our first year anniversary of meeting, she actually wore those same cherry panties again, only this time she stood over me in the shower and wet them. 

But I am not the only one with kinks. Kelly has a few of her own, and the one that surprised me the most was, 

"I want to be in a gangbang, just fucked like a piece of meat by a bunch of men. All my holes filled and used."

Well, I guess we had to come up for a plan for our second anniversary.

The End.