 I have had this weight problem since I was a little girl. Now I am nineteen and I still can't get thin. Part of my problem is that I am short. When I look at my mom I can see how I will end up. She gave up years ago and is now quite fat. I didn't want to end up like her. The other problem is my brother's friend Jimmy. I have a crush on him and I would like him to pay attention to me.

I think that Jimmy likes me because I can see him running his eyes over my body sometimes. I have even taken to wearing low cut shirts and some shorts that ride up high. It probably makes me look like a stuffed sausage, but I don't care. I just want Jimmy to ask me out sometime. My chance came one Saturday. My parents were out and my brother Tom went to the gym that morning. The doorbell rang and when I opened it, there stood Jimmy. I told him Tom was at the gym.

"I actually came over to see you Lori," he said.

I was shocked to be honest. This was the first time Jimmy came out and said anything like that to me. I let him into the house and we walked into the living room. He asked if my parents were home and I told him no. Just like that Jimmy had his arms around me and he kissed me hard on the mouth. I was taken by surprise. Yes, I wanted to date Jimmy, but he came on so suddenly. I figured this was my one chance. I let Jimmy's hands roam to my chest. He was massaging my breasts through the outside of my shirt.

I guess I just melted right there. No guys ever made a pass at me and here was Jimmy touching me all over. Jimmy pulled back and lifted my shirt up over my head. I wanted him to see my breasts. I undid my bra and my tits came bursting out. Jimmy's eye went wide when he saw how big my tits were. I know they are mostly fat, but my tits are large with pink nipples. Jimmy practically went crazy. He leaned down and started to suck on my nips. I thought my legs would go weak from all that attention.

Jimmy then pushed me over towards the sofa. He undid the snap on my pants and he pushed my jeans and panties to the floor. Jimmy pulled off his shirt and took off his pants and underwear. I was now looking at Jimmy's dick. It did look so long and thick. I knew I was getting wet at the thought of what we were going to do. I pushed my clothes off from my legs and Jimmy pushed me onto the sofa and he got in between my thighs.

"You do have a condom, don't you?" I asked him.

He said he didn't bring one along. He didn't think he was going to have this chance to have sex with me. I could either tell him to stop or let him continue. I just had to have Jimmy that morning. I told him to pull out before he came. Jimmy nodded his head and he took hold of his cock and brought it to my drenched lips. I had only been with one guy before Jimmy. I might have been wet, but I was so tight. Jimmy got his cock head inside me, but it took awhile before he could push into me the whole way.

I couldn't believe how big his cock felt. Jimmy finally buried his dick in me. I felt his balls on my ass cheeks. That was when Jimmy started to feed me. I brought my chubby legs up and Jimmy rammed me hard with his staff. I was practically screaming as Jimmy stroked me hard. Jimmy did lower his mouth and he sucked on each of my nipples. I think that was when I had my first orgasm. I nearly threw Jimmy off me as I erupted. Jimmy just laughed and he gave me more of his cock.

I don't think we did it for much more than a half an hour before Jimmy's body started to stiffen up. 

"Are you getting close?" I asked him.

Jimmy seemed to be lost in some fucking haze. He just kept pumping his stiff pecker into me when he arched his back. I suddenly felt his cum load entering my body.

"Oh my God, pull out!" I shouted.

Jimmy did no such thing. He kept pouring his sticky cum deep into my body. I am betting he shot five or six times into my pussy. I guess I lost it as well. I had more orgasms as we exploded together. Jimmy slowed down, but he kept stroking my cum filled tunnel. All I could think of was that I needed to get up an empty out of all that cream inside me. Jimmy did go soft and I told him to get off of me. I ran into the bathroom and pushed as much of his seed out as I could. I finally walked back into the living room.

"What the fuck were you thinking?" I told him.

"I'm sorry Lori, I just got carried away," he said to me.

I was pissed and worried at the same time. We had used no protection at all. Jimmy gave me a lot of his cum to top it all off. Jimmy and I got dressed and I saw him to the door. 

"You got into it Lori, you can't fool me," he said as he walked to his car.

I was such a damn fool. I did want Jimmy and I should have waited until he had a condom, but I gave in to my desires. Now I could still feel Jimmy's cum deep inside my pussy still. I wondered if he fertilized my eggs or not. The next day I managed to get some pills for pregnancy prevention. I only hope these damn things work as advertised. I know I am stupid because the previous night all I could think about was Jimmy. I replayed the sex we had together in my mind.

Now that I had Jimmy's cock I want it again. I know he was probably just using me. He was horny and I was available to him. If he comes onto me again, I know I will be weak and I will let him fuck me once more. This time with a condom.