 Author's Note: So here we are again. I thought that I might have more to this story, and now there certainly is. When we last left off our unnamed protagonist had enjoyed some late morning delight with the chubby Goth girl who worked behind the counter at music store in the mall. He did get the girl, but found himself desiring something that she wasn't quite ready to give to him on that day. We pick up later on. This story might run a little longer than some. Sorry, but that's just how it flowed out. I hope you enjoy.

It had been over a week since my little rendezvous with Brianna. She hadn't called, but girls can be difficult that way. Their version of proactive could be expecting you to be proactive. There was plenty to do at work, and I was still chipping away at some classes for my degree. I did find myself wondering if she had gotten into trouble at work. That perhaps someone had seen us. It seemed unlikely to me.

On Tuesday instead of going to the gym I headed over to the mall to check up on my chubby Goth girl. As I entered the store I immediately saw that Brianna was not the one with her ass on the stool. This was a different girl: a little thinner than Brianna, but still plump in a pleasing way.

This one had bleach blonde hair that was straightened, and had been cut to the hang just above the nape of her neck. She had a bit more of a tan than Brianna, a more realistic "Cali girl", but she also wore a ton of dark make up under and around her eyes.

"Hey," she said, seeing me come in. "Can I help you find anything today?"

She had one of those voices that was almost boyish in its depth, but still found a way to be cute and feminine.

"Just lookin' around," I said. "I thought that Brianna might be working today."

"No, she's off. She's been acting weird. I think she met a guy or something."

"That happens," I said. "So, what's your name?"

"Kendra. Why?"

I told her my name.

"Well, nice to meet you. Let me know if I can help you find anything."

She seemed a little uncomfortable. That was okay; I got it. I had to ask myself though: what was I doing? I was still mainly interested in Brianna, right? Kendra was something else entirely. There was something old fashioned and grunge about her. She was wearing a flannel shirt over a tight black t-shirt depicting another band I didn't know. The band didn't interest me, but the mounds of flesh beneath the shirt did. Her breasts didn't seem as big a Brianna's, but I somehow I knew they'd be a treat.

"When will Brianna be in next?" I tried not to be too obvious about my checking Kendra out.

"Well," she stalled. "Technically I can't give out that info. Company policy tries to protect us against creepers and stuff."

She looked at me with those pale blue eyes hiding beneath their fortress of make-up. Then she said: "You're the guy, huh?"

"What?"

"Don't fuck with me," said Kendra. "Brianna talks to me."

When she looked at me there was such a familiar feeling about it. Like she was some neighbor's daughter who I was never supposed to look at in a sexual way, but just couldn't help it.

"And what does she say?"

"She fucked you here in the store," said Kendra. "When she first told me I thought that she was bullshitting. Most of her sex-life has been battery-powered since middle school. But she kept going on. She really likes you."

"Well, that's good."

"And now you're hitting on me, you fucker."

"Whoa...I didn't—"

"—cut the shit. I see how you're looking at me. Do you like our look or something?"

"To be honest: yeah, I do. It really turns me on."

"Perv," she said. Then she shrugged. "The thing is though...I haven't had much action for a while either and if what Brianna says is true..."

"I don't know—"

"—you chased her naked to this counter and finished in her doggy style while she was on the phone with Dianne. Right?"

"Well, in a way that happened."

"I fuckin' knew it. She couldn't have been lying. You made her cum. That's what really makes the different for a girl, you know?"

"I suppose."

Damn this girl was right to the point in a brutal way. That was so damned refreshing. Where were girls like this when I was in High School?

"So...if you're that good," she said. "Maybe you and I could..."

I was waiting for Kendra to finish the sentence when an arm encircled mine from behind.

"Hey Brianna," said Kendra. "Surprise seeing you in here."

My chubby Goth girl had fully entwined and claimed me.

"Yeah," said Brianna. "I was in the area and shit if I didn't find my new boyfriend here." She looked at me in such an innocent way.

I had obviously moved up the social ladder. I was now an "official" type of man.

"A real boyfriend?" said Kendra. "I'm so happy for you."

"I'm glad you are. So, we're going to go out for some lunch." Brianna was already pulling me away. "See you later, Kendra."

I waved a little goodbye to my newest Goth girl. She stuck her tongue out at me. I was so turned on at that point.

Brianna moved us out of the store and down the row of other shops before she said another word.

Then she let me have it: "What the fuck were you doing talking to her?"

"I was looking for you."

"Yeah right. I bet you fucking loved talking to her. You wanna fuck her, huh?"

"That's a little hostile," I said.

"I knew it. And here I thought you wanted me."

She pulled away from her. I put my arms around her wonderfully plump self. "I do," I said. "How can I prove it to you?"

She pouted. "I don't know...buy me lunch."

"Done. What else?"

"Ice cream."

How can anyone not like how girls think? "And what do you want to do afterward?" I kissed her neck.

"You'll treat me like a queen?" she asked.

"Always."

She took a deep breath, and then sighed. "If you treat me like a queen then maybe you can get what you wanted."

I put my mouth to her ear. "You mean your ass?"

I wanted her to say it. There was nothing like having a girl confirm your sexual desires out loud. 

"Yes," she said almost begrudgingly. "If you really want it. I don't know why."

How could I explain something like that? A woman wouldn't get it. For a guy it was the road less traveled. The path that was almost always denied. I had known girls who had immediately denounced any interest I may have had in their ass other than looking at it, and maybe touching it. 

I kissed her softly in the middle of the mall.

"It means a lot to me," I said.

"You're weird. If you really want it though."

I did. Brianna and I left the mall, and went down the street to a chain restaurant, and I bought her everything she wanted. Sometimes I think that being a girl's boyfriend is kind of like being a different version of her father at times. I'm sure this isn't true for everyone, but it seems to be the case with the girls that I'm with. Kendra was still there in my mind, but the thought of getting Brianna's ass was too good to be true. You just don't know how much you really want it until you're the guy about to get it.

After the ice cream, we ended up down the street from the mall at an apartment complex across the street. Brianna told me that she lived there with her sister Samantha. I couldn't wait to meet her if Brianna was any indication of their look. That reminded me of what Kendra said. I suppose that I did have a kink for these women. At least I could be honest about it.

Brianna's apartment was surprisingly mundane. It was very neat aside from a side table by the door where she and her sister dumped the stuff they took with them or brought back every day. It was littered with receipts and mint candies from restaurants and various other things like flyers and coupons. 

"Our parents help us a lot with the rent," she said, throwing her small purse and the contents of her one pocket on the table by the door.

"One of us cleans every day and we try to do anything that makes a mess at someone else's house. That way we don't hear any complaints from the parental units."

I told her it was a good idea.

"So like make yourself at home", said Brianna. "I'm going to use the bathroom. It's down there." She pointed and then was off to use it.

I took a moment to examine the space. They had several framed posters of bands I didn't know. Some of those were signed and even had the adjoining ticket stubs from that particular show. The other wall decorations looked to be promos that Brianna likely brought home from the store. One wall had the family pictures. I saw a photo of Brianna with a slightly older girl. This one had longer hair: black with red highlights, but the plumpness and Goth look were a shared trait. They looked very much alike, and I knew that it must have been Samantha. Kendra was put even farther back in my mind as I considered Brianna's sister. 

Brianna was certainly taking her time in the bathroom. I'd already heard the toilet flush twice. Perhaps that was an inkling of what she was doing, but I chose to be surprised. The couch looked alright so I sank down into it and waited.

When Brianna finally came out she had one of those girly-scented atmospheres about her. They smell good, but can be rather intense at first. Still, it wasn't like I was going to start complaining. 

She was wrapped up in a purple bathrobe. I could tell that she had nothing on underneath it. My cock was already stirring at the thought of her plump tattoo-covered body.

"Sorry for the wait," she said. "I wanted to do some prep."

"Can I ask what for?" I smiled.

"No!" she said, feigning that kind of embarrassment that made her smile uncontrollably.

"Why not?"

"Because I'm not sure you've even earned it yet. I want to be treated like a queen, remember?"

Brianna leaned back into the couch and waited. She opened her legs beneath her purple robe. That was a pretty obvious hint for me to pick up on.

I slid off the couch, and onto her plush blue carpeting, and was on my knees before her like a supplicant to a queen. I could tell from her eyes that she liked the scenario. My hands found her thick legs and felt at them. Her skin was cold at first, but soft and inviting.

I leaned into her, and rested my head atop her thigh.

"Yes?" she asked.

"May I?"

She opened her legs more. The robe opened showing her wonderfully plump pussy. The stubble from last time was gone, and she was baby-smooth. She had washed and the smell of fragrant lotion was there along with the sultry humidity from her inside. Her hot center looked even more inviting than before.

I buried my face in her plump mound and set about eating my chubby Goth girl. She sighed and relaxed into the soft couch. She may as well have been in the swollen lap of luxury. If I can make a girl feel that good then is always worth the effort.

My tongue played at her thick pussy lips like they were old friends. I sank deep inside and felt her acidic and hot velvet interior. My hands dug into her thick thighs to hold myself closer.

As I lapped at her juices, I moved my right hand to her plump belly and tickled her. She giggled—shaking her whole body, and slapped at my hand. I kept at her; my face becoming smothered with the sauce from deep within her. After several minutes Brianna grabbed me by the hair and shook. A surge of her cum issued forth and I lapped it all up.

Brianna took in a deep breath and held it: basking in the euphoria of post-orgasm exhaustion.

I pulled away to get more air. My face was sticky with her goo. She bent forward and kissed me deeply. She licked her juices off of my face. 

"Good boy," she said. "That made me feel fantastic."

"I'm glad."

"Sure," she said sarcastically. "I am though. So, now that you ate my fat little taco, maybe I'm willing to give in. You have to ask me though. I know you want it."

There was a wicked smile on her face. She knew that she was going to give it to me. Why else had she done the prep work? This was all about satisfying her whims.

"Please let me fuck your ass," I said. "You're my queen," I promised her.

She looked at me as if pondering the loaning of a book to a friend.

"Well, I guess," she said. "I mean I did give myself and enema and clean myself out. It would be a shame if I didn't have something stuffed up there today."

I was a little surprised by her familiarity with the process. "How many times have you done this?" I asked.

"None of your business," she said. "You're not married to me."

"Fair enough."

"I don't want it doggy," she said firmly. "I want to be looking at you, got it?"

"Okay."

She got up and I followed her into her bedroom. It was much the same as the rest of the apartment but had a bed and dressers. There was a firm cylindrical pillow that she had already put on the bed that would prop her up for easier access. Brianna retrieved a towel that she had set aside and laid it over the bed and the pillow. She then pulled a box out from one of her dressers. This was her sex box and had various things needed for all of her sexual adventures. Brianna explained that it was something that her mom had instructed her and her sister to each put together for themselves. 

From inside the box she pulled out a tube of anal lube and a string of condoms.

"Why the condoms?" I asked. 

She smiled. "I might want you to stuff it somewhere else before you finish."

Brianna shrugged off her robe, and climbed onto the bed. The view of her wonderful bubble butt was almost too much. I noted the tattoo of the rose piercing the heart on it as well as the tattoos down her sides and around her middle.

She positioned herself so the towel was beneath her lower half, and the pillow was under her lower back propping her beautiful ass up for me to see. I stole a quick glance at her freshly cleaned asshole and knew it was only a matter of time before I felt it squeezing around my cock.

"Get naked," she said. "Or you won't get my hot plump ass."

I didn't need any more motivation. My clothes came off in record time, and I made a little pile of them off the side of her room. I figured it would nice not to make a mess.

I jumped into bed with her and put my tongue back onto her creamy cleft. She let me do this for a time, but then grabbed my head with her hands and pulled me up.

"So eager to please," she said. "Not that I wouldn't mind you doing that all day."

"For you I would."

She giggled. "Tell me: what else would you do to have my ass."

"What do you mean?"

"Would you eat it?"

She smiled. One of those uncertain smiles as though she feared rejection.

I nodded. 

Brianna scooted herself up the pillow more to show her ass to me. I moved my tongue down from her pussy, and buried it in her rear canal without hesitation. It was an odd taste. There were some traces of her pussy juice that had flowed down there along with an almost metallic tang. Her tight anus resisted me, but I kept at it. Brianna's breathing quickened.

I traced the rose tattoo on her left ass check with my finger as I probed deeper with my tongue. 

"Do it," she said. Her hands grabbed my hair.

She squirmed beneath me. My hands moved to squeeze those fleshy buns as my tongue punched inside of her. It wasn't gross in any way like some people say. Brianna was clean and having another part of me inside of her was amazing. I did this for a time, but my own need was getting too strong.

I pulled away and Brianna was breathing heavily. It was time to raise the stakes. I found her tube of lubricant and squeezed some onto my finger.

Brianna held herself up by her lower thighs despite the support from the pillow. I prodded her hot starfish gently with the tip of my finger; working the lube around her rim methodically. I pulled out and added more. I also began the slow process of getting her acclimated. She knew what I was doing, and did her best to relax those rear muscles. The fact that she knew the process basically guaranteed that I wasn't the first guy to enter her rear chamber, but I couldn't let myself be too disappointed. The previous experience made her more likely to do it, and so many other women immediately forbid any entry once they heard the word "anal". 

"Try two now," she said. Brianna knew her own body well enough.

"So, I have to ask," I said as I slid a second finger into her, "Are you expecting your sister any time soon?"

Brianna turned a sidelong glance at me. "Why? Do you want to fuck her too or something?"

"Harsh. I'm just trying to avoid an awkward meeting is all."

"Sure you are. But, the answer is no. She's at work. We should have plenty of time if you get those fingers working into me more."

"Yes, my queen."

I kept an eye on her asshole, and gradually we had her dilated at what looked to be enough. The wet sliding sounds of my fingers going into her were such a turn on, because I knew that soon it would be my cock sliding in there.

"I think I'm okay now," she told me.

"You are pretty loose," I joked.

"Shut the fuck up!"

I laughed a little despite her anger, and eventually she did too. Being so intimate with someone is to invite the full intensity of them for good or bad. Then I leaned over and kissed her plump pussy. All of the effort and focus on her ass had made me forget how wonderful her molten sex was.

"It's hard for me not to go inside this hole," I admitted.

"You'll do it later, now please stuff your cock into my ass."

I was about to slide it deep inside of Brianna when she grabbed my cock with such force I yelped.

"Condom," she reminded me.

I sighed, and took a moment to grab one of the condoms she had set aside. I ripped it open and slid it on with ease. I've never understood people who have trouble doing it. 

Even loosed Brianna's butt was snug like a good glove as I began sliding into her. The muscle spasms of her sphincter squeezed me tightly. I was only partially inside. From past experience I knew that you have to take your time with anal. A mistake could be very painful and probably forgo any chance of a repeated invitation.

Brianna had some of the breath pressed out of her as I began pushing myself into her. Her eyes were shut for a moment, and she whimpered a little.

"Should I stop?"

"No. Just keeping pushing in. I haven't done this for a while."

She looked so sweet to me then.

"You're beautiful," I said.

"With your cock in my ass—yeah, I know."

I pushed inside her more. The condom crinkling between our lubed skins. Brianna was getting used to it slowly. 

"The rest," she told me.

"Are you sure?"

Brianna nodded.

It felt so great to have her soft and warm mass almost folded beneath me. The pillow is the real help when it comes to the approach. Otherwise she would have been tired from having to maintain the position of her legs and ass being spread up. Truth be told: some sex positions were often awkward and uncomfortable, but that was the price you paid for getting off so well.

My rigid cock finally reached home deep within her, and was fully engulfed by Brianna's hot anal interior.

"Is this what you wanted?" she asked between breaths. "Are you happy now?"

I couldn't quite lean over and kiss her because of our positioning, so I stoked lovingly at her juicy pussy.

"Happy to be in you," I said.

"That's almost charming," she said with a smile, and I thought that I saw tears in her eyes.

I began to fuck her ass slowly. All the while I kept my left hand on her pussy, and lightly flicked at her clit with my thumb. This made her rock under me. She might not have been getting what I got from the anal, but I wanted to make sure that she was still satisfied.

Our heavy breathing formed a staccato duet that was back and forth with each thrust. We sweat, and soaked in each other's heat. The very air we breathed was the same, and even our hearts seemed to match. This went on for several minutes until Brianna cried out. My playing with her clit had finally yielded a sweet result. I increased my speed, sensing the crescendo at the end of my pleasure, yet before I could reach it Brianna told me to stop and pull out of her.
