 I always thought Sue was hot but had never done anything about it. She had been a great friend for many years now. Just last week though that all finally changed and boy what a change! Just for a little history first...

Sue and I had worked together for years now. We had always been close, and I suppose you could say we had a special bond. Living together and working together made us this way. I always looked at her differently at work and her at me, but that's just normal considering the situation right? Let me just explain out 'relationship' or more correctly put... friendship. As I said, Sue and I had worked together for years. Just friends, nothing more.

I had been in a relationship with Missy for nearly a year, and we decided to step things up and rent a place to live together. Considering the prices though we couldn't afford much. That's when Missy came up with the idea of asking whether Sue wanted to rent a place with us. It was the financially smart thing to do considering Sue rented a small shitty place on her own.

Just over a year into our relationship, I found out that Missy was cheating on me and I kicked the whore out on her ass. It wasn't that simple; of course, as I was pretty shattered at the time but that pretty much summed things up. This of course left Sue and me living alone.

It all started the night of our work party. The night was great. Plenty to eat and plenty to drink... In fact, way too much to drink. Anyway no need for 'small talk', it was a great night. I finally hit the sack about 4am. I wasn't looking forward to work the next morning since 8am starts are bad at the best of times but were worse after a big night!

'Andy, ANDY!' Sue yelled. I opened my sleepy eyes and looked up at the clock. It was 8:15am! Shit, I was late! I jumped straight up mumbling something incoherently before turning and rushing to the bathroom. It was only as I was quickly showering that I realized I had slept totally naked and Sue must have seen everything I had to offer! I felt a tingle and looked down to see my cock becoming hard at the thought of Sue seeing me naked. My mind raced, but there was no time for anything but getting to work... albeit late!

I got to work 45 minutes late with coffee ready for me. The boss had been out with me till the end of the night so he was very understanding. Luckily it was a quiet day that went surprisingly quick considering how bad my head was feeling, and I soon pulled into the driveway relieved to be home. That's when I thought of what had happened that morning. What would Sue say to me? What would I say to her?

'Hey Sue, I'm home!' I stupidly yelled as I entered the house.

'Hi Andy, how was your day?' Sue responded. We chatted for a while about the day. All was fine and normal. Not a word was spoken about that morning. We had the usual dinner together in front of the TV and settled in to watch a movie.

The movie was pretty boring, and my mind wondered back to that morning. I couldn't help but get a hard on as I started to fantasize about Sue. I looked over at her as my mind raced.

'What are you smiling at?' Sue said as she turned and looked my way. Shit, busted I thought.

'Oh sorry, didn't realize I was.' I stupidly replied. I had to say something as she knew me better than anyone and must have known something was on my mind. After a while I spoke up. 'Well actually I was just thinking about what happened this morning.' I sheepishly said looking away. Silence...

I looked back to see Sue with a huge smile on her face. 'Oh yeah, I'd forgotten about that' she teased 'no, really... A bit of a shock hey! Do you always sleep naked?'

'Most of the time I do... Not that I even remember getting into bed last night. What a night hey!' I said trying to change the subject. But, Sue was having none of that though. 'So do you always wake up happy like that?' she replied with a cute giggle.

'Huh?' I stupidly responded before remembering that I had woken up with my usual morning glory hard on. 'Oh yeah I do... never remember what I dream about though!' trying to lighten up the situation.

'You know Andy, you have a beautiful cock... tight little ass too!'

Wholly fuck! How do I respond to that? The answer... more silence. Awkward silence this time, before Sue spoke, 'Sorry Andy, I shouldn't have said anything. I didn't mean to make you feel weird about it. Lets just forget it huh and continue with the movie?'

''Sure!' I responded turning back to the movie. We watched the rest of the movie, although I didn't comprehend any of it. All I could think about was Sue. She liked my cock! I smiled again to myself...

'There it is again... that smile!' said Sue. I thought for a moment before I spoke. 'Well Sue you know I think it would only be fair if I got to see what you saw... you naked I mean...' A long pause followed, until she spoke.

'I don't think so Buster! But, I will compromise...' I looked over to see a cheeky smile on her sexy face as she unbuttoned her blouse. 'I'll show you these...' She said as she pulled her big boobs over the top of her black bra.

They were awesome! The best tits I had ever seen. The way the sat, hung over her bra was just beautiful. Sue wasn't a skinny girl by any means. I suppose you would call her chubby. Just average height but had all the curves of a real woman! She had an average size waist and a tight looking ass (although slightly bigger than normal), but carried a little more weight around her tummy. Then came her boobs... wow! They were big beautiful DD boobs with big and hard nipples. She had a really pretty face and a pale complexion. She was my kind of women! Anyway back to the story...

I just stared at her boobs. I couldn't speak. I realistically was kind of hoping to see a flash of her ass or something, but here I was only inches away from her two massive boobs. They were so full, so plump with dark nipples that were definitely showing her arousal.

'So what do you think? I know they're a bit big and on the fat side, but I'm proud of them!' Sue said as she cupped her tits.

'Wow Sue... they're beautiful... perfect' is all I could say, not taking my eyes off them. 'Ha... yeah sure. Perfect my ass' was her sarcastic response. 'So did you want to touch them?' she said as she reached behind herself and undid her bra, removing it and her blouse completely, giving me the perfect full view.

Touch them? Wow, I'd fantasized about seeing and feeling her big tits for years so this was a dream come true. I couldn't talk at this stage so I just nodded as I reached over and cupped her two magnificent tits in my hands. Her boobs were so soft and her nipples so hard. I lightly squeezed them causing Sue to close her eyes and let out a little moan of pleasure.

We had come this far so I thought to myself that I would push things a bit further. With her eyes still closed I leaned forward and took her left nipple into my mouth, swirling my tongue over its hardness. This just caused a louder and longer moan from her as I felt her hand on the back of my head pulling my face harder into her big soft tits. I moved to her right nipple and sucked the hard bud like a little lollipop, nibbling lightly as my hands roamed all over her boobs.

I suddenly jumped up and let go of her nipple as I felt Sues hand dip below the waste of my shorts and firmly grasp my already hard cock. 'Oh fuck, it feels even better than it looks!' Sue said 'It's already nice and hard; can I see it again?'

I had already latched back onto her tits and just moaned a yes and nodded, not wanting to take them out of my mouth. 'Your going to have to stop so I can strip you' she said. I reluctantly released her tits and lay back on the couch as she bent forward and pulled my shorts and jocks down, throwing them to the side. I looked at Sues face and saw she was flushed with a horny look that made my cock throb even more. Without another word, she bent down and took the head of my cock into her mouth and swirled her tongue over it sucking lightly. 

My head fell back against the couch, and I couldn't help but close my eyes and let out a deep moan. I just lay there enjoying the sensations as Sue wrapped one hand around the base of my cock and slowly jerked me into her mouth, licking and sucking the head of my rock hard cock. Her other hand slid up my chest indicating for me to remove my top which I did. I regained a bit of composure and bent down pulling at Sues skirt, forcing it down to her feet. What a sight! Sue was kneeling on the couch with my cock in her mouth giving me a fantastic blow job as her big naked tits swayed from her chest and her big panty covered ass sticking in the air. I rubbed her ass all over moving my hands over her sexy cheeks and feeling her thighs as I felt her moan around my cock.

I hooked my fingers in the band of her panties and pulled them down as Sue lifted her legs so I could remove them completely. I didn't hesitate to run my fingers up the crack of her ass from her tight puckered asshole to her silky smooth pussy. I stopped at her clit and rubbed my fingers over the hard little bud causing her to lift her head off my cock 'Oh fuck yes...Andy that feels amazing... put your fingers in me please!'

Who was I to argue? I lowered my fingers from her clit and parted her lips, releasing a flow of her juices. She was soaking wet. I immediately pushed two fingers all the way into her cunt pulling them out and shoving them back in. I was so fucking horny and could tell she was too. I just wanted to make her cum... I had imagined it while fantasizing, but this was the real thing. I snapped back to reality as Sue lowered her head and took my cock all the way into her mouth, deep throating my cock. She cupped my balls as I felt her tongue exploring my cock. She lifted her head off my cock and said 'You like that huh? Well don't stop finger fucking me!' I did as she requested and continued to pound two fingers into her cunt while reaching forward and cupping one of her big soft tits in my other hand, this time squeezing harder and pinching her nipple. She moaned and lifted her head from my cock suddenly sitting straighter causing my fingers to fall out of her pussy.

'I need to cum!' she said, 'and I want to cum as I ride your fat cock!'

She kneeled above me, her dripping pussy just inches from my stiff cock. She looked into my eyes and said 'You ready for this? You ready to fuck me?' She reached down and grabbed my cock, rubbing the head up her wet slit and over her clit moaning as she did. I didn't bother answering her. When I felt her rub my cock back past her clit and through her wet slit again I grabbed her waist and pulled her down hard, impaling her on my hardness in one easy motion.

Sues eyes and mouth opened wide. 'Oh fuck yes! Oh my god!' she panted. 'It's been a while Andy so I'm not going to last long' as she rocked her hips back and forth grinding her pussy on my cock. 'That's all right honey 'cause neither will I...' was all I replied as I put both hands on her big sexy ass, pulling her harder onto me. I shoved my cock hard into her, loving how wet she was. Her juices were soaking my cock, and I could feel them running onto my balls, making the sexiest sound as we started to pick up the pace.

'Oh yes just like that. Fuck me, fuck me. My clit is rubbing against you and it feels fucking amazing!' The more she spoke dirty, the more I got turned on and she could tell. I grabbed the back of her head and pulled her face to mine, kissing her for the first time as our tongues swirled in our mouths. I pulled her even closer and just loved the feel of her big soft tits squashed against my chest as we continued to fuck.

We had to come up for air as we were breathing heavily but didn't miss a beat as Sue leaned back and lifted her ass and started to bounce on my cock. 'Oh fuck Andy, your cock feels so good in my pussy... fuck me... fuck me harder... I'm so close baby...'

I was getting close myself as I groped her big tits and lifted my ass off the couch as I pumped into her cunt as hard and fast as I could. I wanted to cum with her... and there was no doubt it would be soon.

'Yessss.... fuck... baby..... fuck my cunt.... fuck it harder, don't stop fucking me.' She started to yell 'I'm gonna fuckin' cum... I'm gonna fuckin' cum!' I could tell she was too... Her whole body started to shake as her orgasm hit her. 'Yyyyyyeeeesseeeessssss'

'Oh yes Sue, cum on my cock... oh fuck yes, I'm gonna cum too... Here it is baby...' I yelled. Sue let out one last scream 'Cum in me pussy... fill my fat cunt with your cum... yes.... cum in me!!' I shoved my cock into her cunt as hard and far as I could and exploded. My whole body stiffened as I released my cum into her beautiful pussy. I shot load after load into her. I hadn't cum so hard or spit so shot such a big load in a long time. 

We lay there on the couch not moving, my cock still in Sues dripping pussy. I was still semi hard as we enjoyed the aftermath of our wonderful orgasms. I could feel Sue still shaking as she rested her flushed face on my shoulder with a huge smile on her face. I occasionally caressed her back gently rubbing her sexy ass as I got my breath back.


 me know what you think? I may continue this story... Luv Sam