 Beth sat at the back of the church in the last pew; watching him intently. The acoustics in the church made his voice resonate off every surface. She loved the sound of his voice. And when he spoke to this group, he was confident and articulate. His face expressed his meaning drawing the listener in. He was so creative and expressive with his intonation that his speaking was almost like a song. 

She could normally listen to him talk for hours but today was having a hard time concentrating. Her body was wreaking havoc on her. Her blood was pulsing through her core. The anticipation of there meeting was exciting and erotic, causing her to tremble. She tried to pay attention to what he was saying, but all she could think about was what would happen when he noticed her. What would he say? What would he do? They had been talking for a while now but had never discussed actually meeting; and here he was in her city giving a talk. Maybe he had to spend the night. Maybe he got a hotel somewhere. Those thoughts raced around in her mind along with the thoughts of actually being intimate with him; the desire to finally feel him touch her; to finally hear his voice whisper his demands in her ear. She'd craved his touch for so long now. 

Beth wondered if he felt the same about her. Did he want it as much as she did? Was she going to make a fool of herself if she approached him. How would she do it? Should she go up and introduce herself and suggest coffee, or dinner, or just ask to go back to his hotel and fuck his brains out. She'd already made arrangements with her family; they wouldn't expect her until much later, so she had the entire evening to spend with him, if he wanted. 

The lecture was over and people were starting to file out of the church. Beth didn't know what to do next. The crowd was quite large and she had to stand to see around them. She couldn't see where he's gone. 

'Shit. Now what do I do' she thought, knowing she couldn't go wondering around the church. 'Well', she figured, 'He has to come out sooner or later'. 

If someone had taken him elsewhere in the church, it was late, so chances are they would be done shortly, time enough for Beth to have a smoke.. Slightly defeated, she walked through the giant wooden doors out into the cool night air. No one else was lingering about; the parking lot had cleared quickly. As usual she was alone, smoking and thinking, 'I've got to quite smoking'. 

Beth enjoyed the quiet of her small town. She could hear an owl off in the distance somewhere and the odd car passing by. It was a cool summer night and the air was sobering. She looked at her watch as she put out her smoke. Fifteen minutes had passed and she had smoked it to the filter. 

'I missed him. He's already left' she thought and made her way to her car at the side of the building. She was fussing with her keys when she heard something rustling in the shadows; it was coming from somewhere near the back of the building. She glanced in the direction of the noise and saw nothing. Dismissing the noise she turned back to the car and finally managed to open the door. Before she could get in, he spoke from somewhere behind her. 

"You're leaving without saying hello?" His voice was unmistakable and she slowly began to turn around. 

"No don't. Stay right there." He walked up behind her and hesitated. Beth's sobriety was over. She was again intoxicated by him. Her heart was beating so hard she could feel it pulsing threw her hole body. Anxiously, she waited for him to do something. 

He finally touched her, putting his hands on her hips as he pressed himself against her. His face nuzzling her neck.

"Mmmm, damn you smell good." Her body was on fire. She'd thought about saying something, but had no words. Her mouth was watering and her breathing was becoming more laboured. He sensed her arousal and it added to his own. 

He growled in her ear. "Are you sure you know what you're doing here?" Beth nodded. She was starting to feel a little dizzy so she braced herself against the car door. 

He traced the shape of her hips and waist, then slid his hands around the front, down her thighs to her knees. Catching his thumbs under the hem of her skirt, he traced his palms back up the inside of her thighs to were they met the lacy edge of her nearly there, thong. Beth's skin was covered in goose bumps. She took a deep breath and moaned quietly. His hands were so soft and warm, leaving a trail of scorched skin in their wake. Her nipples hardened and her pussy throbbed. Pressing his chest against her back he abruptly cupped her pussy, feeling the dampness making it way through her panties. Shamelessly she rocked against his hand. 

"Beth! Stop moving." His voice was commanding but gentle. She stopped moving.

He took hold of her thong and in one rough motion, tore them from her. Putting them to his nose, he took a deep sniff, before stuffing them in his pocket. "Don't ever wear these again when you're with me." Beth nodded again, still looking straight ahead. 

He put his hand back on her mound. He could feel her wetness dripping into his hand; knowing she was craving, badly, he still would not give her his fingers yet. Her hips started to twist and turn, trying to get his hand in the right spot. 

"Be still, I said!" He was more assertive this time. Now she understood and stood very still. He lifted her skirt to get a better look at her ass. He slid his hands all over her, enjoying her curves and his control. He could tell from her small moans and whimpers that she loved his touch and that she needed more. 'But not right now' he thought and he pulled her skirt back down. Beth suddenly felt naked in the absence of his touch and was worried that was the last of it. She waited for him to tell her what to do next. He said nothing. The wait; deliberate and painfully long, was agony for her. She was agitated and craved so much more. 

"Get in your car and follow me." He whispered in her ear; then turned her by the shoulders to face him. 

Beth stood before him, panting; her eyes wild with passion. She nodded, unable to speak and got into her car. She felt the cold seat through her skirt. The sensation was startling to her hot pussy. She griped the steering wheel as she watched him get into his car across the parking lot. She realized she would do anything for this man in her state of heightened arousal. She felt like a horse at the starting gate wanting to race through town to wherever he was leading her.

When they pulled into the hotel parking lot she was almost frantic; it was all she could do not to run to him. She got out of her car slowly and with as much restraint as she could muster, took the time to grab her purse and lock the door. With calculated steps she followed him into the hotel and into the elevator. Once inside the elevator he stood to one side, staring at her. She did not move and could feel every part of her body, his eyes were surveying. Knowing he liked what he saw and that he wanted her, aroused her so much that she thought she could rip his clothes off right there; press the emergency stop button and let him possess her on the filthy floor of the elevator. However, she maintained her control. When they came to a stop on the 5th floor the sudden upset of her equilibrium caught her off balance and she braced herself on the hand rail. 'whoa. Girl get a hold of yourself'. Beth shook her head trying to get clarity and straightened up. With her heart racing she faked composure and as the doors opened she followed him, but every step she took was as though she was walking in slow motion. 

'Shit!' She thought, 'Could this hallway be any longer?' She had been in this hotel many times before but was convinced the hallway was growing.

When they finally arrived at his room the relief was evident on Beth's face; but again he hesitated before opening the door. He looked at her and smiled. She was not smiling. Beth was feeling like a wild animal ready to pounce as she fidgeted with her fingers and looked at the ground trying to maintain control. He finally opened the door and beckoned her in. 

The room was a fair size, with one king size bed in the centre. He took his shoes off at the door. She did too. Then she stood there like a child waiting for the next stage of her punishment. He walked over to the desk; dropped his keys and emptied the contents of his pockets. Again she waited. He hung his suit jacket over the back of the chair next to the desk. That was all she could take. 'Fuck it' she thought and she walked over to him, stopping right in front of him. 

He said nothing. 

He watched her as she undid his belt and his pants and looked up at him for approval. 

He said nothing. 

She rubbed his penis through his pants; feeling how hard he was. She pressed her body against his and put her cheek to his face feeling the coarse stubble and the smell of his cologne. 

He said nothing.

So she began kissing his neck while she reached in to his underwear and took hold of his penis, so hot and smooth in her hand. She rubbed the tip with her thumb spreading the precum she couldn't wait to taste. She nibbled on his earlobe and sucked gently at his neck. 

He said nothing.

His body betrayed him as he tilted his head slightly to give her more of his neck and he moaned quietly. She began undoing the buttons on his shirt. She pulled his shirt open and down over his arms stopping to kiss his shoulder. When she bit him, he flinched but said nothing. She continued to kiss him; his shoulder, his neck and down to his nipple. She sucked it gently and nibbled; continuing across to the other side of his chest. 

His shirt was completely off as his hands made their way to her hips. She slowly dragged her hands up his arms to his shoulders, savouring the warmth of his skin. Her hands pressed firmly as they moved up over his shoulders to the back of his neck. She took hold of the hair on the back of his head roughly and kissed him passionately on the mouth. He sunk into her and kissed her back. His hands slid to the centre of her back and down to cup her ass and pull her closer to him so she could feel his arousal. She did. 

Beth slowly lowered herself to her knees not loosing her flesh connection with him on the way down. She pulled at his pants and brought them down with her. He stepped out of them and put his hands on her head as she took him into her mouth. One of her hands grabbed his ass while the other took a firm hold of his cock and she sucked sweetly at the head. He tilted his head back and enjoyed the pressure of her mouth on him. He started moving to her rhythm.

Beth closed her eyes as she took him completely into her mouth. Sucking; she pulled her mouth up and off his hard shaft. Her tongue twirled around the head before taking him all into her mouth again. And again, she sucked as she pulled her mouth back up his shaft. Her lips were swelling with the friction of the repetitive motion. His penis grew harder and harder with every stroke of her lips. She began twisting her wrist as she slid her mouth up and down his cock. Twisting and sucking. Pulling and sucking. He was moving with her; his hands on her head guiding her with his rhythm. In and out of her mouth he slid. His jaw clenched when he looked down at her getting off on his rock hard cock in her mouth. She was moaning through each stroke and he could sense her getting close. The urge to please her was about to over take him. It was not his way to cum before his partner had a chance to experience his skill of pleasing them. 

Beth pulled him completely out of her mouth and he could feel the cool air from the room as it chilled his cock in the absence of her mouth. She put her hand in place of her mouth and stroked him. Then she took one of his balls in her mouth; sucking on it and rolling it around with her tongue. She pulled away and let it drop back into place before taking the other one in her mouth to suck. This time she spent more time sucking on him before dropping it back into place; all the while stroking him with her hand. He wasn't sure what to do next; he wanted to cum in her mouth but he wanted to please her first. 

Soon the choice was out of his hands; when she took him back in the warm wetness of her mouth was too much and he quickly started loosing his control. He began fucking her face. She held him firm to her lips as he thrust himself in and out. He closed his eyes and grunted when his final thrust exploded deep in her throat. He held her head as she swallowed her mouth full of white hot lava.

____

Beth woke up with the sun streaming in through the window. The curtains were causing ripples of shadows over her body. Conveniently some parts of her body were directly exposed to the sun. She lay still in her pose; one arm over her head, lying flat on her back with her legs slightly parted. Her hair was covering one of her breasts and the sheets were draped up to the knee of one leg. She could feel his eyes on her so she looked up at him and smiled. 

"Don't move. I didn't get the chance to really look at you last night. I have always wondered what you looked like. My mind had created an image and it was good but nowhere as near good as you look right now. You are beautiful."

He had a softness in his voice she hadn't heard before. She blushed all over and felt very self conscious of him looking at her but she liked it. Her body was very sensitive. She could feel every part of her that he had enjoyed the night before. Her breasts were flush and pleasantly sore and her wonderfully aching pussy was getting wet again because of his eyes devouring her. She could still feel his hands and fingers all over her thighs, bottom and waist. The night of passionate lovemaking had left its mark on her. Not just in her mind and spirit but deep within her. He smiled as he looked at her gently used body.

She closed her eyes to let him admire her further and drifted off to sleep again remembering how he had possessed her the night before. 

_____

He stood for a moment regaining his composure after she had brought him. Beth used the back of her hand to wipe the tiniest bit of cum that managed to escape from her mouth. She got to her feet; straightened her hair and her crumpled clothes. Just when she had her faculties about her he forcefully grabbed her blouse with both hands and ripped it open. Beth, shocked by his action, gasped but held her ground. Then he, with the wildness of an animal building in his eyes, pulled her blouse off and with it, her bra. Beth's hair fell down over her shoulders to cover her breasts. Her arousal had hardened her nipples to tiny tight brown nubs protruding through her hair. He gently moved her hair away to get a better view of her. His warm hands cupped her small breasts. They fit nicely in his hands. Her skin was so pale against the colour of his skin. He took a minute to look at her standing in front of him. She was shivering at his attention to her. He leaned over her; he could have taken her whole breast in his mouth but paid attention to the nibbling and sucking of her nipple. She attempted to put her hands on his head but he stopped her. 

"Don't move!" he said loudly. Then he turned her around roughly and undid her skirt; yanking it down and off in one motion. She didn't know were this sudden rush of action was coming from. He had previously been so controlled. Before she knew it, she was face down on the bed with her ass in the air and his face deep in her pussy. She grabbed handfuls of sheets bracing herself against the force of his mouth. His face was buried as he lapped up the honey dripping from her primed cunt. He licked and sucked her, opening her up to his fingers, dragging his tongue up and down her swollen red lips. He slapped her ass a couple of times on both cheeks until her pale skin was scarlet. She winced but gave up nothing. He slowly slid two of his fingers in to her slippery slit. He licked her little rose bud as she squirmed in his hands. Beth was going crazy itching to be penetrated fully. She reached down between her legs to stimulate her own clit but he grabbed her hand and threw it back.

"Don't touch. This is mine now."

Beth wiggled to take his fingers in more deeply. He removed his fingers and put his hands on her hips to steady her movements. 

"Be still Beth." His voice was forceful.

He licked at her asshole, loosening her up so he could better push his swollen tongue inside. He slid his three fingers inside of her and used his thumb of the same hand to put pressure on her tight little opening, just to keep things interesting. Beth rocked against his hand. Her moaning and gasping added to his arousal. Withdrawing his dripping fingers he took a quick taste before he rolled her over.

"Move up!" He commanded. Beth complied. He lay down between her spread legs. Beth slowly enjoyed the sensation of dragging her hand over her pussy; up her flat stomach and resting it on her whole breast. She was calming down. She pinched her nipple. Her other hand went to her face covering her eyes. He licked her wet slit from the bottom to the top. When his tongue gently grazed her clit, she flinched.

"Oh man." She said in a whisper.

She moved her hand to the back of her head pulling it up to look down at him between her legs. He looked back at her and smiled. His penis grew harder and the precum was oozing onto the bed. He had to adjust himself and she glanced at his ass, admiring it's shape and his position on the bed with one leg bent and the other straight, hanging off the end of the bed. She wanted to touch him. Caress his perfect ass. Feel the muscles in his back and shoulders. He began licking her clit again in those subtle circles that drive women crazy and she was snapped back. 

"Oh shit." She said and dropped her head back on the bed. This time she cupped both breasts pinching both nipples harder. He rubbed her hard little clit between his thumb and finger sending her hips in to motion. He then thrust two fingers quickly into her and began rubbing her internal nub while he licked and sucked. Her lips, her clit, the inside of her thighs the outer lips of her pussy everything. Beth lifted her hips to drive his fingers deeper. Over and over again she rocked her hips as he finger fucked her, Her juices squirted all over his hand and soaked the bed cover but she hadn't cum yet. She was so close. She grabbed his hair forcing his face hard on her. He took one last long suck on her rock hard clit and Beth shook and screamed with a shuttering orgasm. Her legs were shaking, she was breathing heavy and her spasms could be felt over and over again on his fingers, held still inside of her. 

He let her cool down before turning her over again, positioning her on the edge of the bed. She could feel his hard cock against her bottom as she bent over. He licked her ass hole again, taking his time. She reached back and pulled open her ass cheeks. She wanted him inside of her. He lubricated his fingers with her ample fluids and slid one into her. Her ass was so tight. She had barely recovered when her senses were electrocuted again. This made him crave penetration. So he slowly inserted the head of his cock into her pussy while his finger pushed deeper into her ass. He slid in and out slowly. Painfully slow. Beth clamped down on his penis as he pulled it out. He loved the sensation. Both holes were so tight. She reached around and rubbed herself. He sped up the pace and she followed. Soon his whole cock was inside of her and two of his fingers were deep in her ass. He pounded into her, his balls slapping against her. She flipped her head up to look over her shoulder at him; flinging her hair onto her back within reach of his free hand; he grabbed it and pulled her up like a bronco. She gasped and moaned with pleasure. He grunted loudly and she juiced. The room had a very strong smell of sex heightening their arousal. She was bucking against him like she couldn't get him deep enough. He was groaning continuously and the pace quickened again. He let her hair go and began smacking her ass; alternating both cheeks at a random pace. She was frantic and couldn't control her cries as his spanking left marks. He too, was getting carried away. Both of their bodies were moving in unison and the sounds of their lovemaking crescendo to a fever pitch. There was slurping and sucking noises joining the chorus of moans and cries as they both came in one final thrust to a thundering climax. Their bodies trembled, shook and shuddered for a few moments. 
