 Beth woke up with the sun streaming in through the window. The curtains were causing ripples of shadows over her body. Conveniently some parts of her body were directly exposed to the sun. She lay still in her pose; one arm over her head, lying flat on her back with her legs slightly parted. Her hair was covering one of her breasts and the sheets draped up to the knee of one leg. She could feel his eyes on her so she looked up at him and smiled. 

"Don't move. I didn't get the chance to really look at you last night. I have always wondered what you looked like. My mind had created an image and it was good but nowhere as near good as you look right now. You are beautiful."

He had softness in his voice she hadn't heard before. She blushed all over and felt very self conscious of him looking at her but she liked it. Her body was very sensitive. She could feel every part of her that he had enjoyed the night before. Her breasts were flush and pleasantly sore and her wonderfully aching pussy was getting wet again because of his eyes devouring her. She could still feel his hands and fingers all over her thighs, bottom and waist. The night of passionate lovemaking had left its mark on her. Not just in her mind and spirit but deep within her. He smiled as he looked at her gently used body.

She closed her eyes to let him admire her further and drifted off to sleep again remembering how he had possessed her last night. 

He stood for a moment regaining his composure after she had brought him. Beth used the back of her hand to wipe the tiniest bit of cum that managed to escape from her mouth. She got to her feet; straightened her hair and her crumpled clothes. Just when she had her faculties about her he forcefully grabbed her blouse with both hands and ripped it open. Beth; shocked by this action, gasped but held her ground. Then he, with the wildness of an animal building in his eyes, pulled her blouse off and with it her bra. Beth's hair fell down over her shoulders to cover her breasts. Her arousal had hardened her nipples to tiny tight brown nubs protruding through her hair. He gently moved her hair away to get a better view of her. His warm hands cupped her small breasts. They fit nicely in his hands. Her skin was so pale against the colour of his hands. He took a minute to look at her standing in front of him. She was shivering at his attention to her. He leaned over her; he could have taken her whole breast in his mouth but payed attention to the nibbling and sucking of her nipple. She attempted to put her hands on his head but he stopped her. 

"Don't move!" he said loudly. Then he turned her around roughly and undid her skirt; yanking it down and off in one motion. She didn't know were this sudden rush of action was coming from. He had previously been so controlled. Before she knew it he she was face down on the bed with her ass in the air and his face deep in her pussy. She grabbed handfuls of sheets bracing herself against the force of his mouth. His face was buried as he lapped up the honey dripping from her primed cunt. He licked and sucked her labia opening her up to his fingers, dragging his tongue up and down her swollen red lips. He slapped her ass a couple of times on both cheeks until her pale skin was scarlet. She winced but gave up nothing. He slowly slid two of his fingers in to her slippery slit. He licked her little rose bud as she squirmed in his hands. Beth was going crazy itching to be penetrated fully. She reached down between her legs to stimulate her own clit but he grabbed her hand and threw it back.

"Don't touch. This is mine now."

Beth wiggled to take his fingers in more deeply. Removed his fingers and put his hands on her hips to steady her movements. 

"Be still Beth." His voice was forceful.

He licked at her asshole, loosening her up so he could better push his swollen tongue inside. She reached down between her legs and played with her hard and wet button. He slid his three fingers inside of her and used his thumb of the same hand to put pressure on her tight little opening, just to keep things interesting. Beth rocked against his hand. Her moaning and gasping added to his arousal. Withdrawing his dripping fingers he took a quick taste before he rolled her over.

"Move up!" He commanded. Beth complied. He lay down between her spread legs. Beth slowly enjoyed the sensation of dragging her hand over her pussy; up her flat stomach and resting it on her whole breast. She was calming down. She pinched her nipple. Her other hand went to her face covering her eyes. He licked her wet slit from the bottom to the top. When his tongue gently grassed her clit she flinched.

"Oh man." She said in a whisper.

She moved her hand to the back of her head pulling it up to look down at him between her legs. He looked back at her and smiled. His penis grew harder and the precum was oozing onto the bed. He had to adjust himself to and she glanced at his ass admiring it's shape and his position on the bed with one leg bent and the other straight hanging off the end of the bed. She wanted to touch him. Caress his perfect ass. Feel the muscles in his back and shoulders. He began licking her clit again in those subtle circles that drive women crazy and she was snapped back. 

"Oh shit." She said and dropped her head back on the bed. This time she cupped both breasts pinching both nipples harder. He rubbed her hard little clit between his thumb and finger sending her hips in to motion. He then he thrust two fingers quickly into and began rubbing her internal nub while he licked and sucked her. Her lips, her clit, the inside of her thighs the outer lips of her pussy everything. Beth lifted her hips to drive his fingers deeper. Over and over again she rocked her hips as he finger fucked her, Her juices squirted all over his hand and soaked the bed cover but she had not cum yet. She was so close. She grabbed his hair forcing his face hard on her. He took one last long suck on her rock hard clit and Beth shook and screamed with a shuttering orgasm. Her legs were shaking, she was breathing heavy and her spasms could be felt over and over again on his fingers held still inside of her. 

He let her cool down before turning her over again, positioning her on the edge of the bed. She could feel his rock hard cock against her bottom as she bent over. He bent over to lick at her ass hole again, taking his time. She reached back and pulled open her ass cheeks. She wanted him inside of her. He lubricated his fingers with her ample fluids and slid one into her. Her ass was so tight. She had barely recovered when her senses were electrocuted again. This made him crave penetration. So he slowly inserted the head of his cock into her pussy while his finger pushing deeper into her ass. He slid in and out slowly. Painfully slow. Beth clamped down on his penis as he pulled it out. He loved the sensation. Both holes were so tight. She reached around and rubbed herself. He sped up the pace and she followed. Soon his whole cock was inside of her and two of his fingers were deep within her ass. She rocked hard against him as he pounded into her his balls slapping against her. She flipped her head up to look over her shoulder at him; flinging her hair onto her back within reach of his free hand; he grabbed it and pulled her up like a bronco. She gasped and moaned with pleasure. He grunted loudly and she juiced. The room had a very strong smell of sex now heightening their arousal. She was bucking against him like she couldn't get him deep enough. He was groaning continuously now and the pace quickened again. He let her hair go and began smacking her ass; alternating both cheeks at a random pace.  She was frantic now and couldn't control her cries as his spanking left marks. He too, was getting carried away. Both bodies were moving in unison now and the sounds of their lovemaking crescendo to a fever pitch. There was slurping and sucking noises joining the chorus of moans and cries as they both came in one final thrust to a thundering climax. Their bodies trembled and shook and shuddered for a few moments. 

He stood her up; turned her around and sat her gently on the edge of the bed. It took only a second for her to know what he wanted. She took is not yet flaccid penis in her mouth and gently sucked out the last drops of cum while her own body relaxed. 

Beth woke up again but this time he was on top of her. She looked in to his adoring eyes. The warmth and pressure of his body was wonderful. She felt him inside of her and moved with him slowly. He kissed her passionately on the mouth. She reached around and took hold of his ass finally. She pulled him deeper and wrapped her legs around him as she gently climbed to climax. He maintained his tempo and soon came with her. Arching his back; his face straining but making only a quiet groan. She slid her hands to the back of his head and pulled him down for another long kiss. They stayed locked in embrace for a long time before he shrunk and fell out of her. 

"Good morning Max." She whispered in his ear.