 (The events in this story take place shortly after the events in "Church Lady". )



 After the unexpected liaison with Ava in the church kitchen and laundry room, I worried that she might say something to her husband, or worse, to my wife. But days, then weeks passed without any indication that anything had happened. Ava would have been a hell of a poker player because the never betrayed the slightest indication that our friendly but platonic relationship had, that one afternoon, become a passionate, sexual one. 

 When I would see her on Sunday, she would sometimes smile and nod to me as she always had. And other times she would be talking with others not giving a glance in my direction. Once a month or so, at about the same frequency as before, we would chat in a small group or alone at the crowded coffee hour after services. Although our chat was about family and church activities, as it always had been, I thought I detected a secret little smile and a flash of extra emotion in her beautiful brown eyes. And I managed to stifle any twinge of guilt on the rare occasions that I saw and said hello to her husband. I had long since reconciled myself to the dormant state of my sex life with my wife. Once or twice a month we would have our tame, almost scripted few minutes. It was nice, but hardly what I had dreamed my adult sex life would be. And so I never really felt any guilt that I had availed myself of a dream opportunity when it presented itself. And although I would have jumped at the chance to have another liaison, I knew that chance might never come. I was just happy no damage had been done. 

 That is until one day when my wife and I were asked to attend a national church conference in Philadelphia. It sounded like a pretty tame long weekend of meetings and dinners, but other couples had taken their turns attending and most of the expenses were paid for by the church, so why not? Then my wife mentioned that she had talked to Ava and that she and her husband would be attending as well. Suddenly, my interest in the conference peaked. Playing it cool, I asked about the hotel and travel plans. We had to handle our own flight, but the church had already booked a room for us in hotel where the conference was taking place. 

 The date approached and soon we were checking in to the big hotel along with hundreds of others from across the country. I hadn't spoken to Ava before we left and just assumed we would see her and her husband at some of the meetings or dinners. My wife and I were unpacking in our room when her cellphone rang. It was her sister in New Jersey. Her husband had a sudden case of appendicitis. Could my wife come and stay with her kids? My wife repacked, quickly made arrangements to rent a car, kissed me on the cheek, and was on her way before I knew it. So now I had three nights alone in Philly. I knew that somewhere in the hotel Ava and her husband would be unpacking and heading down to the welcoming reception. I thought I might as well head down there myself. At least I could steal glances at Ava's sexy shape. 

 I was about to leave my room when I heard a knock on the door. I looked through the peephole and saw nothing. I opened the door and saw no one. I looked up and down the empty hallway and heard another knock. It was coming from inside the room. Until that moment I hadn't noticed the door to an adjoining room. I cautiously unlocked the door and opened it. There was Ava!

 "Hi, Ava," I said. "What a nice surprise!" I looked around behind her. "Where's Tony?"

Ava smiled. "Tony couldn't get coverage at the restaurant, so he couldn't come. I'm here alone."

 It was my turn to smile. I was in a strange city for three nights with the sexiest woman I could imagine and we had not one, but two hotel rooms to ourselves. I told her that my wife had left a few minutes ago on a family emergency and that I was alone too. The electricity in the air was almost too much to bear. 

 We sat down across from each other in my room. Ava told me that it had been hard to put our previous amorous adventure out of her mind, but that she had to for the sake of her marriage, her family, and her reputation. I told her I understood and felt the same way. With a quiver in her voice she said how excited she was about the opportunity we now had, but how careful we would have to be. I agreed and we began to plan how we would take maximum advantage of the time while "keeping up appearances". Ava suggested that we go down to the welcoming reception and then come back to our rooms separately so that no one would associate us as being together. Then we could each order room service dinner, separately of course, and enjoy the evening. 

 So we closed and locked the interconnecting doors between the rooms. She went downstairs first and I went down after ten minutes. The lobby was jammed with people and so was the large ballroom where the conference registration and welcoming reception were taking place. I signed in and got my packet of materials. I registered for a couple of mid-morning meetings and grabbed a bottle of water from a long table. At the other end of the table I saw Ava. She had her packet of materials and was talking to an older lady. We made eye contact for the briefest of moments. Then I headed out of the crowded room and out onto the busy city sidewalk. Spotting a liquor store across the street, I walked over and bought a bottle of wine, then headed back up to my room. 

 Once there I took off my tie, washed up, and opened the bottle of wine. As I did, I heard my phone go off. It was a text from my wife. Her brother-in-law was ok, but she would be staying in New Jersey until he came home, probably next day, possibly the day after. Then came a knock on the door to the adjoining room. I opened it to see Ava, still dressed in her "church clothes", a flower print dress that hugged her generous curves and exposed the smallest hint of cleavage. I told her about the text and invited her in. She said she was going to get more comfortable and told me to do the same. 

 A minute later Ava came through the door wearing a shortie nightshirt. She walked straight into my arms and kissed me deeply. I felt how warm she was as my hands caressed her back up and down. I could feel her bra and panties through the thin cotton and pulled her closer to me. My head was spinning. We sat down on the sofa and poured two glasses of wine. Between kisses and gentle caressing of each other's face we talked for the first time about our first episode of passion. 

 It had been a first for both of us. Our stories were remarkably similar. We both loved our spouses, but neither of them had much interest in sex. Tony was consumed with his business. Running a restaurant was a 24/7 headache and Ava did all she could to help and to ease the burden on him. But every time he found a free afternoon or evening, he filled it with more work. Ava felt as if he was avoiding being with her. And it had been like that for years. She had tried to tell him how she felt, but he just seemed uninterested in sex. They were friends and roommates, but only rarely lovers. My story was the same except that my wife filled her life with her real estate business and my in-laws. My pleas for more intimate attention fell on deaf ears. 

Ava leaned in to kiss me and began to unbutton my shirt. Then she stopped and said we should go into her room since my wife might eventually spent time in mine. We picked up the glasses and wine and went into Ava's room. Standing at the foot of the king-sized bed we removed our clothes. I watched as Ava pulled the nightshirt up over her head, tousling her hair. In her white bra and tiny, white panties, she was a vision. Ava was all woman, from those big breasts packing that 36D bra to capacity to her tapered waist and those sensuous hips and legs. 

 I stripped off my shirt and undershirt and unbuckled my pants without taking my eyes off her for a second. Our eyes were locked as she reached behind herself and unclasped the bra. She shrugged her shoulders and it fell to the floor. Her big, perfect breasts almost glowed. The pale white orbs topped with those long, thick brown nipples were hypnotic. I stepped toward her as if commanded by an inaudible voice. 

 I kissed her warm, wet mouth deeply, pushing my tongue into her mouth. She sucked on it and gave me hers to taste. I pulled her to me crushing her full breasts to my chest. Her hard nipples burned into my skin. She ground her hips against my already hard cock that was straining against my boxer briefs. I kissed her neck and down between her heaving breasts. My hands cupped each full, round melon, gently pinching each big, hard nipple. I kissed lower and knelt before her feminine perfection. Kissing her soft belly, I hooked my fingers into her panties and pushed them to the floor. Ava stepped out of them and the fragrance of her pussy wafted toward me. I inhaled deeply and pushed my face into the small triangle of dark brown hair. I felt Ava's hands on my head. 

 "My turn," she said. I stood up and she kissed my mouth hungrily. She gently bit my bottom lip and then kissed down my body. As she slid lower her hands tugged my boxer briefs down and off. She knelt before me and gently grasped my rampant cock and stroked its length with one hand while cupping my balls in her other. She kissed up and down the shaft of my cock and smiled up at me. 

 "I've been thinking about doing this since our last time. You have the most beautiful cock I've ever seen. Long and thick. It's perfect," she purred. 

 Ava moaned as she rubbed my cockhead on her lips and then opened them to consume it. I felt her tongue swirl around it and her lips encircle it. She twisted her head from side to side as she took my cock more deeply into her mouth. She pulled back off it and looked up at me. 

 "Help me take it all. Hold my head. Push it down my throat. I want to swallow it all," she whispered. 

 And she took it deeply into her mouth again until I heard her gag a little. She took my hands and put them on her head. Then she grabbed my hips again and pushed harder against me. I held her head in my hands and slowly began to force my cock into her throat. I heard her throat gurgle as my cocked pushed in. I didn't want to hurt this gorgeous, sexy woman, but she was asking me to fuck her throat. She pushed away suddenly, gasping deeply for air. She looked up at me, tears streaming from her eyes. A string of thick, clear saliva stretched from her lips to the tip of my cock.

 "Again!" she begged in a hoarse voice. 

 Then she took my cock again into her mouth and twisting her head back and forth forced more and more of it into her throat. I took her head in my hands and pushed my hips forward forcefully. I heard her choke and gag, but she did not pull away this time. The last of my cock pushed in and her lips encircled the base. She pumped her throat up and down an inch or so, fucking my cock with it. The sheer sexiness of seeing this raw desire and the feel of her warm, wet mouth and tight throat on my cock was causing the cum to boil in my balls. I contemplated throatfucking my playmate and pumping a huge cumload directly down her throat, but I didn't want to end so soon. 

 When she pulled away to take a breath, I knelt down and kissed her deeply. Her lips and mouth were so warm from her passionate cocksucking. I lifted her up and led her to the bed. I stretched out and told her to sit on my face. It was my turn to eat. She smiled and began to position herself straddling my head, but as she did her big, beautiful tits hung down inches from my face. 

 "No, feed me your big tits first. I want to suck on those big, hard nipples. Feed them to me," I requested. 

 She smiled and paused, then moved so that she was on all fours above me. She lowered first one, then the other big tit into my ravenous mouth. I sucked at each big nipple feeling its thickness and its length. My lips pulled and tugged at each big teat. I bit them gently and then not so gently. I heard Ava moan sweetly with pleasure. She squirmed as if she couldn't hold still. I reached up to hold and squeeze each full, round breast, weighing them in my hands and kneading them firmly. As I sucked I imagined working her milk down toward the nipples so I could suckle and feed. As I moved from one tit to the other, I would bury my face in the endless flesh of her warm, soft tits. She seemed to know what I wanted and she moved back and forth to smother me in her titflesh. My cock ached from the ecstasy I was experiencing. This was my dearest fantasy come true. 

 "You love my big titties, don't you? Suck them harder, baby! Suck them as hard as you want. Bite my big nipples. Pull them and twist them and hurt them. Make me feel it all. Bury your face between Mama's big boobies. Smother in between my big tits until you can't breathe."

 This was almost too much. Her soft, sweet voice was saying the things I had dreamed of a million times as I jerked off alone. My cock was ready to explode untouched. I had to break this off. I was hungry for her wet pussy too. I moved my head and Ava moved her hips until her pussy was right above my mouth. I pushed my face into the soft nest of hair covering her outer lips. My tongue pushed into the hair and licked along the crease of her pussy's lips. I felt, then tasted the soft wetness between them. I pushed my mouth deeper into her cunt and felt it open for me. Her pussy juice was sweetly tangy and dripping. I licked it up and swallowed it. I lapped my tongue in her cunt between her clit and her hole. Her pussylips were soft and full. I sucked and tugged on them and heard Ava moan and almost growl in response. 

 I moved up to her clit and took the hooded nub and its surrounding flesh into my mouth and sucked on it. I rubbed my tongue over the area and felt her wriggle her hips. She was deeply aroused and building toward a huge climax. But I didn't want it to happen yet. I moved down and licked at her cunt hole. It was so wet I slurped at the juice dripping from it. I pushed my tongue out and into the hole as deeply as I could and then pumped my head up to shove my tongue as deeply inside her pussy as I could. I tongue-fucked her sweet, wet hole slowly and deeply. I felt her grinding on my face. She smeared her juices all over my face. I loved it. She was a bitch in heat. She needed to come. I sucked on her swollen pussylips and chewed them gently, pulling on them. I ran my tongue between them and then up to her clit. Her clit was stiff and poking out from its hood almost as much as her nipples had been standing out from her breasts. I took it between my lips and flicked my tongue across it, around it, sucked it in and out of my puckered lips. Ava was moaning loudly. I couldn't tell if she was saying words or just making animal sounds. She leaned down toward my stiff aching cock. I reached around her thigh and pushed a finger into her sopping wet cunt to rub her g-spot. Ava's moans turned to grunts. Her hips bucked and pumped. She was working against my finger and my mouth. I decided it was time to make her explode. I sucked her clit deeply and vibrated my tongue across it as quickly as I could while rubbing her g-spot in slow circles. And that did it. 

 There was a moment when Ava froze, then she went wild. Her whole body spasmed and jerked. She cried out loudly like a banshee. I pulled my finger from her cunt and grabbed her ass with both hands. Ava grunted deeply and a gush of pussyjuice erupted in my face. I moved my mouth to accept it and the torrent that followed. I swallowed and drank her squirting fluids trying to keep up with their gushing. I licked and lapped at her pussy from her asshole to her clit. Ava twisted and squirmed as she continued to be wracked by a monster orgasm. 

 I thought she would collapse onto me in the wake of such a big climax, but instead she suddenly pounced on my cock. She grasped it in one hand jacking it and rubbing the head against her lips coating them in the copious amounts of pre-cum that had been oozing. Then she took it deeply into her mouth and began to pump her mouth and throat up and down the length of my cock. She was moaning as she sucked and licked. She lifted off it for a moment. 

 "I sucking love your big cock, baby. It's fucking hard and thick. I love to feel it throbbing in my mouth. This is my cock. I own your fucking cock, baby. And I want to make it come all over me. I need to feel and see and taste your cum, baby." 

 As if to emphasize her words, she cupped and squeezed my balls and then swallowed my cock to the base. Ava was still grinding her pussy all over my face as she sucked my cock. So I began to lick her again. We were two animals devouring each other. I could feel Ava's big tits crushed against me. I reached down to cup each one and to pinch and pull her amazing nipples as I sucked her clit again. Her second climax hit her suddenly. She sounded almost as if she was in pain. She pulled her mouth from my cock and tucked it between her big tits. My cock was sopping wet from her mouth and a sheen of sweat covered us both. I pushed her fleshy tits together around my cock and pumped my hips fucking Ava's full tits for all I was worth. Her pussy was squirting little jets of its juice as her hips jerked with the aftershocks of her second orgasm. My balls were ready to explode. 

 "Ahhh, yes, baby. Fuck Mama's tits with your big, thick cock. Squeeze my big boobies around that long cock and pump them. I need to feel your cock explode all over my tits, all over my face, all over me." 

 I rolled us over and spun around so I facing Ava, now lying on her back. I slapped my cock between her tits and she pushed her magnificent mounds together around my throbbing meat. Her face was a mask of pure lust. She was looking up at me. She could see I was about to blow my wad. I saw her big nipples poking up from between her fingers as she grasped and squeezed her tits pumping them on my cock. I reached down to pinch and pull and twist those big nubs. And then my climax hit me. I thrust up hard and a thick, white rope jetted up across Ava's face. She opened her mouth and the next spurt splattered against her lips. By now she had released her tits and I had moved up to fuck her mouth and pump my load directly into her gulping throat. As the spurting of my cum subsided, Ava sucked on my cock and swallowed again and again. I rolled onto my side beside her. Our eyes met again and she took a finger and collected a big glob of cum from her face and sucked it from her finger. She repeated the motion and I grabbed her hand to suck the jizz from her digit. Ava moved up to kiss me deeply. She licked my face, tasting her own juices. And we held each other and basked in the afterglow of our orgy of lust. I don't remember falling asleep. 

 The next morning I got back into my room just as my cellphone rang. My wife told me that she would likely miss the whole conference. Her brother-in-law was being taken back to ICU to combat a suspected infection. Her sister would remain by his side and so she would have to stay with the kids. No problem, I told her. 

 Ava and I decided that we should attend the day's seminars and classes separately. She chose three that interested her and I chose chose three others. We showered and dressed and left our respective rooms several minutes apart. She ate breakfast at one location and I had coffee elsewhere. Neither of us ran into anyone we knew. Ava went out with one group for lunch. I attended a "working lunch" in one of the conference rooms. By the time dinner rolled around it had been a full day. The banquet was held in a large ballroom. Ava and I sat at separate tables and each of us left before dessert, but a few minutes apart. 

 Up in our rooms, I heard the soft knock on the door, opened it, and joined my sexy lover. She had put on some quiet music and was wearing her nightshirt, this time with nothing else on. We talked for a while, sipping wine. Ava told me she wanted to give me a massage. I didn't put up much of a fight. I took off my shirt. As I lay on her bed face down, she straddled me and began to rub my shoulders and back. It felt great. As I looked to the side, I saw a full-length mirror. I could watch Ava as she worked on the kinks and knots in my muscles, tired from sitting all day in uncomfortable chairs. 
