 It was the end of term, more specifically it was the night of the ball, sometime after 1am. The party was still in full swing, with lots of very drunk, very happy, and newly graduated students having the party of their lives. From tomorrow on they would go out into the world and make their lives, but tonight they were being drunken students one last time. In dark, and not so dark, corners all over the college students were getting to know each other, one last time. No, lets be blatant about it, they were fucking. Ball dresses were being lifted to reveal knickerless and frequently hairless pussies, just gagging for a fuck. Trousers were being unzipped all over the place and fat hard cocks being released from their imprisonment, only to be plunged into an even tighter place. Nobody cares, because nobody who is anybody is watching. If you are anybody you are taking part, or have been taking part. 

But one couple has something more private in mind. They steal away from the main body of the party. We see them first in the shadows, running beneath the archways searching for a door. One figure, a man, reaches inside his coat and with the slightest rattle of metal and a click the door opens and the two figures slip inside. Another click and the door is closed behind them. The woman catches her breath, excited by being somewhere forbidden, and turns to look at the man. He is typing numbers into a panel, deactivating the security system. He turns and smiles at her, she smiles back, and they kiss passionately for a moment. Then they set off quietly up the stone stairs. At the top, their is a huge oak door set into a stone archway. He stops to turn the handle, but as carefully as he tries, he can’t stop the clang of metal against metal that reverberates around the stone corridor. The rush through the door and close it with another clang. He grabs her and pushes her backwards against the door, pressing his entire body against hers as he kisses her. 

He tears himself away from her, the effort is almost too much for him. He has waited all year for this moment and he can hardly bear to wait another moment. He started work almost exactly one year ago. Great, he thought, working for a year in a library, how exciting. But he was broke and needed the money before he went to University himself. All that first summer he had sweltered, moving books in tremendous heat, working like a slave for the old harridan of a librarian. Partying hard now and then, but being virtuous and saving the money ready for uni. Then suddenly the job became much more interesting. Term started again. Suddenly the library, so quiet and uninteresting all summer, was full of people. Better than that, girl, young girls just older than himself. Clever, but almost every one was gorgeous. It took him a few weeks to sort out the attached ones, the lesbians, and the simply not interested. But that still left a fair number who were fair game. He had it all planned out, he was going to sleep his way through the students one girl at a time. By the end of the year he would be leaving for a rest, or so he thought.

The first blow to his plan came quickly. One afternoon he was chatting to a student, blonde, beautiful, shapely, and gorgeous breasts. He was just about to get her mobile number when the harridan came to give him some work. When he turned back, his new friend was gone, and he was without her number. Later that same afternoon the harridan pointed out that it was explicitly against the rules to sleep with the students, and if he was found to be doing it he could and would be fired. He could cope with that though, he would be subtle, secretive and wouldn’t get caught.

But then she came. It was about 6 weeks into term, towards the end of November. Her father had been ill and had died, so she hadn’t been back to the university. But she was back now and had to study hard to make up for lost time. She was in the library almost all day and night and she seemed to like him. Suddenly all thoughts of being a player were gone. This was the girl for him, THE girl for him, THE ONLY girl for him. He smiled, she smiled, he fetched her books, they went out for a drink, they had fun together. But the harridan was watching him, determined to catch him if he transgressed. They watched him, her housekeeper watched her, her tutor had a quiet word with her and reminded her that she could lose him his job. She swore that they were just dating, that they hadn’t slept together, and the college was forced to accept it, though they didn’t believe a word of it.

But it was true. Despite all his plans of playing and fucking every woman he could, he was true to this one, and never put a foot out of line that could cost him his job.

But tonight was different. She had graduated now, she was a free agent. Fair game at last. They had waited over six months for this night. Can anyone imagine what six months of suppressed sexual urges felt like. He did, and so did she, but tonight it was all going to be worthwhile.

With a flick of a single switch he filled the room with light. The College Library, his workplace, illuminated for the one he loved. It was over 200 years old, great oak bookcases, stone pillars, arched roof, and the two galleries upstairs. Lining either side of the upstairs were long balconies, rows of desks looking down into the main floor of the library. And tonight, all the desk lights were on, shining down like an expectant audience.

He took her by the hand and walked her the length of the library. There, beneath the huge glass window was a large solid table. It had been in the college for hundreds of years, it had supported feasts once, now relegated to the library to support heavy ancient volumes, but tonight he planned to put something much more tender and precious on its age blackened surface.

She stood at the table, her heart racing and her legs growing more unstable by the minute with the excitement of the occasion. She had played this situation in her head a hundred times. Usually it was in her room, in her own bed, sometimes his room, sometimes a frantic quickie in the bar toilets, and on one occasion when she was very drunk, in the dining hall during a formal dinner. But she had never dreamed of them stealing into the College library, late at night and being laid out on a library table like this for his pleasure. 

She put her arms around him and pulled him close to her. She lifted her face up and with open mouth kissed him on the lips, he tongue pushing into his mouth, searching out his own hot wet tongue. Locked in this embrace, her hands pressed into his back, pressing him to her breasts, the warm and the feeling of his closeness heightened her sense of excitement. Still kissing, she moved backwards until she felt the table press against the back of her legs. She moved her hands down to his arse, his tight firm arse, and pulled him close to her. She could feel his hard cock pressing against her tummy. She ground herself against it, allowing a moan to escape as she pushed her clit hard against him.

She felt his hands at her back, pulling at the zip up the back of her dress. As is slowly moved downwards she felt the release of pressure on her back. When it reached the bottom of the zip, she felt his hands caressing the newly exposed small of her back. She arched against him, delighting at his touch, grinding herself against him with renewed vigour. For a second she let go of his arse, shrugging her shoulders so that her dress fell forwards and downwards. She looked up at his face, and was pleased with the huge smile on his face when he noticed that she was now completely naked. He had finally realised that all night, as she had been dancing close to him, she had been without underwear, and he looked pleased with that idea.

Suddenly aware of her undressed state. She pushed his jacket back off his shoulders and started pulling at the buttons on his shirt. As the last button came undone she pulled the shirt out of his trousers and that too slid down his arms to the floor. She ran her hands across his chest, playing on his nipples, before leaning forward to kiss his chest. While licking and sucking at his nipples her hands were already opening his belt and pulling his trousers down. Now all he had on were his boxers, and they had a pleasingly large tent in them. She kissed down his chest to the waistband, pressing her boobs against him as she went. She pulled down the waistband a little and planted a kiss on him. A little further and another kiss. Finally she pulled them right down and as his cock swung free, large and erect, she took the end in her mouth and sucked on it. She moaned involuntarily at the gorgeous taste and feel of its warmth. He moaned in unison at the pleasurable sensation of her tongue licking him inside her mouth.

She stood up, sat on the edge of the table and lay backwards. The table felt cold and hard against her soft skin, but she didn’t care tonight. She spread her legs wide and looked up at him.

“Fuck me now, please, I can’t wait another minute,” she whispered, her voice hoarse from excitement.

He needed now further encouragement. She saw him moving towards her and lay her head back against the oak table. Her whole body tense waiting for his touch. She felt his hands on her thighs, just above the knee. She tensed with excitement as his hands worked slowly up her legs. First one hand moved, then the other, turn after turn they took, caressing her soft flesh as they moved inexorably towards her gaping pussy. She let her legs hand wide open, making it very very obvious to him that she was wet for him and wanted him inside her. And how very wet she was. As she lay there with eyes closed and head thrown back every nerve ending around her legs and groin was on fire. Its sensitivity heightened to an almost unbearable degree. Every touch from him sent her into ecstasy, and every touch was closer to her pussy, and an explosive orgasm she wasn’t far away from. 

She lay there, feeling the adrenilin rushing through her veins, as his fingers finally reached her freshly shaven smooth pussy. He placed his thumbs firmly on her lips and pulled her open. For an age she lay there, desperately waiting and hoping for the touch of his hard cock on her lips. Finally she felt something. Just his hot breath on her wet skin, she shook with excitement. “If this is what his breath feels like,” she thought to herself, “what will the touch of his cock do to me?”

Hoping to have that question answered, she was suddenly snapped back into reality by the feeling of the tip of his tongue sliding between her pussy lips. He dipped it into her vagina before sliding it upwards. Its firm consistent pressure almost sent her over the edge, but she kept calm and her breathing steady. Higher and higher it went, past the point where her lips were open and so the flat of her tongue had to spread them. That too gave her a whole new reason to grip the table hard and concentrate on her breathing. “Not yet,” she begged herself “hold on just a little longer.”

Finally, his tongue reached her clit. He paused for a second or two, which felt like hours to her. She was shuddering with excitement, and arousal. To her relief he pressed hard on her clit with the tip of his tongue. She gritted her teeth and somehow managed to hold back her orgasm, but moaning heavily. Next he flicked the tip of his tongue back and forth over her clit, rasping it with his tongue. this was more than she could take, and with a deep felt moan she relaxed and allowed her orgasm to overtake her like a tidal wave. Moan after moan escaped her lips and her juices flowed freely and her vagina went into spasm. She grabbed his head and pushed it hard between her legs, letting him savour the delightful taste he had created. Again and again he licked and sucked at her clit, again and again she came for him. Wave after wave of orgasm flowed over her, through her, became all that she could think about, until she became so sore, and her throat so raw with moaning and screaming, that he had to push him away.

But she wasn’t finished, she wanted him inside her. She wanted to clamp down tightly on his cock with her pussy muscles, wanted to hold him inside her. Wanted more than anything to feel the jolt of his cock as it released its load of cum deep inside her vagina. She looked up at him and smiled. “Fuck me hard and deep and fast and now,” she whispered. He smiled a manicly happy smile and nodded. Within seconds his cock was out and hard. She held her lips open and mouthed “fuck me” to him. He leaned forwards and lay the flat of his cock on top of her lips. It felt so good she could have cum right then and there, but she wanted it inside her. She pulled her lips open again and started to push his already hard cock into her pussy. But as she did so he pulled out. She could see from his smile that he was teasing, but she wasnt in the mood, she just wanted his cock and she wanted it right now!

As he rubbed the tip of his cock up and down her wet vagina, she begged him to put it inside her. Eventually when she was on the point of screaming at him, he gave it and placed the end just inside her pussy. She wasn’t taking any chances. She put her legs either side of his head and pulled him into her. She felt the bell-end of his cock slide in first. then the ridges at the end of the tip. Further still he drove, and as she tightened hard on his cock, her head flooded with erotic images and desires. She could feel every vein on that cock as it slipped inside him.

He couldn’t believe how easily he had slid his cock into her. She was unbelievably wet and he just glided in, despite the fact that she trying hard to tighten her muscles around his cock.. Once deep inside, he paused to survey the scene again. The whole library in front of hi, as he stood there, buried up to the balls in her pussy. As she lay on the table, back arched, totally naked, he couldn’t believe his luck. He leaned forwards and kissed her on a nipple. He hips arched again and she drove herself even deeper onto his cock.

He pulled out, leaving her pussy gaping and empty for a second or two before he thrust back inside her. He drove himself hard into her, his public bone mashing hers as he pushed in so deep. He looked down at her below him.. A slight sheen of sweat glistening on her chest, her boobs, her tummy, and the flush and sweat on her face. She looked so gorgeous, as did the building. The high, oak beamed ceiling high above them. As he drove repeatedly into her with his hard cock he noticed how much the room looked like a church. Thats it, he thought, a church for the book, thats what this is. And so he drove harder and harder inside her. He realised that the table beneath the huge window was like an altar. She was his sacrifice to the god of sex, and god how he wanted to offer her up to that god tonight. Again and again he fucked her. She had lost the power of speech but was gripping the table tightly now. Gritting her teeth in another fruitless attempt to hold back her orgasm.

With one particularly deep thrust he chose to press down on her clit. this was just too much and she erupted inside. Wave after wave of her juices flowed out of her pussy, coating his cock, his fingers, everything that got close to it. She held her breath as it flowed through her mind, washing all conscious thought away, until finally she took a deep breath and moaned. A long, deeply fulfilled, and very happy moan. She could feel his cock twitching inside her, feel the hot touch of his cum on her soaking pussy, and it felt good.

He leaned forwards, holding her in his arms and hugging her while they recovered from their exertions. It took several minutes for them to gain enough breath to speak. More yet till they dared to try standing up. Longer still until they were able to stand steady enough to slide on the clothes so hastily dropped just a while before. He helped he into her dress and zipped her up. She buttoned his shirt while he pulled on his trousers. Dressed, they stood together and held each other for a while, before one last lingering kiss. Then carefully switching off the lights and locking the door, they sneaked back to the party. The knew that they were not the only couple to have sex that night, but how much better had their place been that a quickie up against the wall that most other couples had that night.

Finally they were a couple, and item, and they were fucking together. After such a long wait it had been truly amazing, mind frying sex. They couldn’t wait for the next time together, when they would see how good it was the second time.