 Chapter 2: Preacher's Daughter

The story you are about to read is true. All events and behavior are faithful accounts of past occurrences, although names have been altered to protect my ass and keep me out of court. Writer's license and humble discretion have been utilized where and when I felt it necessary to avoid embarrassment or legal action. 

* * * * *

Susie, my girlfriend, lover, sharemate and fiancé had proven to be as sexually liberated as I could possibly dream of. Our mutual virginal liberation in a classroom of our church released inhibitions neither of us realized we were suppressing.

Because I now had transportation when required, we were able to consummate our reciprocal sexual insatiabilities repeatedly. More importantly than our copulation was the freedom we now had to communicate.

Susie, being an avid reader of women's magazines, led me to the realization that sexual fantasies were not only common, but also normal and expected. It didn't take us long to share the information that we were both lustfully attracted to our best friends. What took time was deciding how to convert them to our broad-minded desires.

Now that I had a car I could use there was no longer the desperate incentive to double date which had drawn the four of us together previously. Surprisingly though little changed as we soon discovered that half the fun of our shared trysts was both the companionship and the voyeurism. The only noticeable difference our loss of virginity had triggered was that now both front and back seats were engaged in fornication.

Dotty eventually challenged Susie about our gymnastics and admitted that she and Chuck had been surreptitiously watching us for the past few dates. Susie countered with the revelation that she and I had been doing the same thing previously. The girls then devised a conspiracy for the next weeks get together.

Chuck and I were deeply into (no pun intended) our evening's explorations of our dates the following week when both girls suddenly had to urinate. We were far up on the East mesa and well above the luminescence of city lights. It was a very dark, moonless night so they slipped behind the car while Chuck and I waited impatiently with our mutually concealed throbbing erections. The girls slipped back into the car's obscure blackness and immediately impaled themselves on our impatiently waiting shafts. This was something so unexpected, because normally both couples hid from each other below the level of the seat back, that Chuck and I both almost lost our rigidity. Of course because we were young neither of us was long in recovering.

Then almost simultaneously we realized something was not quite right. I heard Chuck's muffled "Susie?!?!" just as I started to pull away from my crotch-mate but was silenced and held by a strong, deep kiss. Then Dotty trailed kisses down my cheek and whispered into my ear, "Shut up and enjoy. Susie and I know what we're doing so don't you mess things up. Besides, I want to feel you fuck me. Do you think you can do that? Fuck me! Push it deep up inside me so I can feel your desire."

I couldn't have stopped then if I wanted to. I was hooked. I also was so horny I came almost immediately but so did Chuck so I didn't feel too bad.

Neither girl left the lap of her recent lover, but we all four sat up and talked for a few minutes. More correctly, Susie and Dotty talked while Chuck and I stuttered.

"God, that was fantastic. Now I know what you've been enjoying up here", Susie giggled at Dotty. Then looking at me she asked, "Any problems? Do you feel cheated or cheated upon?"

"Uh, no", I mumbled realizing that if I said yes it would sound like I felt Dotty was a gyp. "But what do we do now? Are you guys trying to tell Chuck and me that you want to change boyfriends?" I asked with more than a little bit of hurt in my voice.

"Why, would you be terribly disappointed to have me as your girlfriend?" Dotty teased me. "Is Susie better than me?"

Before I could choke on my own foot, Chuck finally found his voice and whined, "Dotty, I love you. I don't want anyone else. I thought we were going to get married?"

Now it was Susie's turn to kid a bit. "Oh, so you didn't like me, huh?"

"No! Yeah! I mean, you were great", Chuck blurted, "But I love Dotty!"

Even though Dotty was still straddling my body above a horribly flaccid member she still was able to discuss the situation quite calmly. "Susie and I just wanted to see what you guys felt like. Is it really so different than if we had traded bights of food to discover how something different might taste? That's it! We just wanted to trade with each other to sample something different. Now that I have, I think I'll appreciate and love you even more than I ever have before Chuck."

"Amen", Susie agreed. "I don't want to change anything, except how I feel. And the way I feel right now is closer than I've ever felt to any of you before."

Than she climbed over into the back seat with me and said, "I love you! I love the feel of your body when we make love. I never want to love another man as long as I live." Then just as I was feeling stupidly secure, she continued, "But I also enjoyed the feeling of 'a little bit of strange'. Is that so terrible of me? Didn't you enjoy the feel of Dotty? Does that mean you have to have a lifetime commitment to her? Couldn't you occasionally have sex with her just because you're friends and enjoy the experience of each other?

Chuck and I looked at each other and shrugged. Neither of us knew how to handle these two emotionally mature (of course we didn't recognize that analysis right then) women who both of us loved.

I tentatively mumbled, "It was kind of fun".

"What? I couldn't hear you," Dotty barked.

"It was kind of fun," I said louder.

Both girls beamed so brightly I thought the dome light had come on.

And that was the beginning of our period of sexual freedom, carnal experimentation and free love. Each of us was destined to attend different colleges so we now felt free to date and do whatever we pleased with the knowledge that we would have secure relationships awaiting us upon graduation.

I met and dated a young lady from the music department at UNM and through her began attending another church. Understand I'm not necessarily so religiously inclined that I must attend a church. My basic religion has always been sex. I do maintain though that there's no place sexier than a church. Where else can one find so many women, many of whom are quite sexually deprived, dressed up in skirts, hose and heels

Soon after I started to attend services at a this new and different denomination I met another young lady whose company I thoroughly enjoyed. We had many similar interests and attitudes. We both sang in the Youth Choir, both enjoyed the same type of church sponsored extracurricular activities and both hated sports. Though both of us were a bit shy when confronted with one-on-one relationships we were still notorious cut-ups when in a group. Many times while our peers were engaged in some type of activity that the two of us found uninviting (volleyball, ping pong, etc.), we would drift off together to walk and talk ... and scheme.

Both of us had a reputation for causing and enjoying good clean fun. We were particularly fond of causing that fun in league with our church environment. Often as our group met for youth fellowship either or both of us would have a joke, cartoon or humorous comment to share. We were also infamous for our choir loft behavior (or misbehavior). As I said before, there's no place sexier than a church and within that environment there's no better hunting grounds than the youth groups. Everybody in these groups is young, horny and assumed "trustworthy"! Heh! Heh! Heh!

The front of the main chapel in our church featured a raised stage with a lectern on each side. From the audience point of view the left podium was for the Assistant Pastor and the right podium was for the Minister. The two step high preacher's dais was a carpeted stage about twenty feet wide and eight feet deep. Behind this platform rose a white wall about ten feet tall, above which the choir was assembled in a risered gallery. Even though the church had a balcony, no one in the audience could see more of the seated choir than the uppermost parts of our bodies. 

Carolyn and I had been known to quietly pass choir books down the row; opened to pre-selected pages with paper clipped notes, which read "BETWEEN THE SHEETS". Many church hymns with those particular words added to the title, become quite risqué. Think of "He Leadeth Me", "He Is Risen", "My Savior Cometh", "The Beautiful Garden Of Prayer" or even "Onward Christian Soldiers".

Because only our head and shoulders could be seen Carolyn and I were always trying to elicit a reaction from one of the other choir members visible to the general congregation. We would try to find the most outlandish titles possible in the hopes of at least bringing a grin to someone's face if not actually causing them to conspicuously giggle. If the hymnal titles trick didn't work, on occasion we might quietly pass a piece of tightly wadded underclothing from hand to hand down the rows of pious teenage singers. Inevitably someone would have to uncrumple the bundle to see what it was. Surprisingly no one ever tattled though, perhaps at least partly because nobody wished to antagonize Carolyn, since she was the minister's daughter.

One time Carolyn, having failed to shake the troops up with anything else, pulled a bra from under her choir robe and sent it to me by hand-to-hand express. I'm quite sure her idea was to turn my face scarlet but I saw the garment coming. Thinking fast, I autographed it, handed the pen and bra to the bass sitting next to me and indicated with quiet gestures that he should sign it and send it back to the soprano section. By the time she got her underclothing back, it was quite covered with names and short irreverent messages. The youth choir was choking on their suppressed giggles and most were fighting hard to display a stoic face to the congregation.

Though we were both the type of people who touch each other as they communicate, nothing of an intimate or sexual nature had ever developed between us. We could hold hands (to assist in climbing for instance), hug at times when we came together after an absence and even bus each other's cheek with a platonic kiss when friendship allowed such a display. We had even double dated on a couple of occasions.

All this changed one evening when Carolyn was asked to lock up the church building after Sunday evening activities. Her minister father had an appointment across town and needed to leave early. Having overheard this exchange I offered her a ride home after she was through securing the building. Though I really had other plans, we were much too good friends for me to do otherwise. The pastor thanked me profusely and told me how much he appreciated a thoughtful young man such as myself.

We ascertained that everyone had vacated the structure, then we went from room to room turning out lights errantly left burning. Carolyn started at the top of the building and I began in the deepest nether regions of the basement. The church, being a fairly large building, had a sanctuary that could seat almost a thousand people. Classrooms dominated the second floor behind the balcony while the main floor contained offices under the choir loft and around the vestibule that filled the space below the balcony. The basement, where I started checking for forgotten lights, had at least thirty small rooms, a large recreational hall and a small chapel for times when the upstairs theatre was not intimate enough.

Because the upstairs, large as it was, had fewer rooms to check than the basement I was still peeking into rooms when Carolyn came downstairs. Thinking to startle me, she slipped into the small chapel, turned on the reading lamp on the podium and darkened the rest of the room. She then slipped behind some drapes that bracketed the entrance door.

Having finished with all the many small rooms, I secured the kitchen area, turned out the last of the lights in the recreation hall and proceeded to the small chapel. As I entered, the doors closed automatically behind me. Seeing that there was a very small light up front (the reading lamp) I flipped on the overhead fixtures and plodded down the aisle. No sooner had I turned off the offending little lamp than Carolyn flipped the overhead fixtures off.
I froze momentarily, then attempted to find some illumination to guide on. I thought perhaps some glow might filter through from under the entry doors. I had forgotten that I had already turned out the hall fixtures. Because the chapel was "darker than a hundred midnight's down in a cypress swamp" (to plagiarize James Weldon Johnson) I slowly turned, hoping to locate the reading light I had just extinguished. Instead my heel slipped over the edge of the steps leading up to the pulpits (this church's architect had a thing for raised daises) and I fell backward into the aisle between the first row of pews. 

The next thing I remember Carolyn was worriedly bending her pretty blonde head over me and asking if I was all right. I believe my exact answer was "Not only no, but shit no!"

At the blasphemy in the chapel her blue eyes sparkled and she quickly giggled with the mirth of a youngster doing something forbidden. "If you can still remember to swear, you'll be all right" she declared.

She then wrapped her arms around me and apologized for causing me pain. I in turn hugged her back and professed that I'd live.

We sat there, on the hard carpeted aisle, and held each other for much longer than was necessary for simple comfort. Finally she snuggled her lips against my face and whispered into my ear, "This feels pretty good!"

Since I agreed whole heartedly, I slowly kissed her cheek from earlobe to lips. When our mouths met we began a too long postponed desperate kiss. Her tongue slipped between my lips and I returned the favor by trying to extract her tonsils with the tip of my own tongue. Cuddling her from my still scrunched position placed her breast between my arm and rib cage. I gently squeezed and then whispered, "Anyone ever tell you you've got nice boobs?"

Maliciously biting my tongue she whispered back, "Only every boy I've ever dated."

"Ow," I howled. Then I sarcastically asked, "Oh, you let every one of them feel you up, huh? Hey, how come we're whispering?"

"Because we're in the house of worship and the damn place echoes!" she giggled. And who I've let play with my body is my business, Mr. Nosy Smartass!

We began to date after that night, much to her parent's displeasure. They didn't necessarily have anything against me, but since I was a year older than Carolyn (and a college man) they may have been worried for her innocence. Actually we never really had time to do anything because everytime we went to a drive-in movie her dad would check the show times and Carolyn's curfew would be just a few minutes after the end of the picture show. If we were destined for some other function, he always made sure we were part of a group. I sometimes suspected he didn't trust me.

Truly they need not have worried as much as they did. Carolyn and I were such good friends we never did more than neck; though occasionally I would pet her soft breasts through her clothing as we sat in a drive-in movie. These drive-in theaters were really a bit public for my taste. People were always walking by on their way to the snack bar or restrooms and if your windows were fogged over you could expect a knock on the glass. If you parked behind the concession stand, to avoid the walk-bys, the drive-in's rent-a-fuzz would stroll by every few minutes and each of those dedicated denizens of the law carried a flashlight.

So the small chapel at the church served nicely for our trysting ground but we were always afraid to get too involved for fear someone (her dad maybe?) might come back into the church and catch us. We were quite careful to present an attitude of studious, devout study.

One weekend a church in Sante Fe asked Carolyn's dad to fill in for their ill pastor. This gave Carolyn and I a chance to explore each other's bodies more thoroughly than usual, as we knew he would not be back until very late Sunday evening. We had also discovered that her mother possessed no keys to the church building. A sensible policy her father had initiated to prevent his wife from being rousted out to open the building for every TOM, with a DICK that was big AND HARRY (as we used to say).

Things went splendidly. I managed to strip my preacher's prize child of her blouse and bra. Then she reclined in the corner of one of the front pews while I investigated all the true magnificence of her nicely endowed chest. Her breasts were supremely proportioned with full, perfectly round areolas and the swelling erections at their tips were rock hard buds. When fully ripe, as they had now become from my attentions to them, they had to be more than half an inch in diameter. When I closed my lips around these wonderful protuberances and nursed them I discovered they were as hard as solid bone.

Carolyn couldn't receive enough of this new rapture with her naked mammaries. She laid her head back and moaned loudly with each inducement from my suckling mouth. Soon she was very quietly panting "Yes! Yes! Yes!"

Since I was kneeling beside the pew on the floor, my hand just naturally slithered to the nylon surface of her knee. I rubbed my fingers over her stockinged thigh until I reached the bare skin between the top of her hose and the bottom of her girdle. As soon as I began to stroke this creamy soft white altar she clamped her knees together trapping my hand. I could no longer move my fingers up and down her thigh so I reached out with my index digit and began to stroke the crotch of her panties.

Carolyn vented her own blasphemy into the chapel air, "OH YES! SHIT! OH GOD, that feels good!" Then she moved her lovely legs apart and I slipped my fingers inside the band of her smooth, soft baby blue panties. As I moved my finger up, down and side to side within her depths she leaned forward, pulled my head to her lips and kissed me clear to the back of my throat. I continued to finger fuck her with one hand while my other hand began a rhythmic kneading of her soft firm breasts.

Calling upon the stamina of youth we continued our manipulations for over an hour. Only when we both realized we had been at the church way too long and her mother might become worried (or curious) did we cease our enjoyable interlude. I took Carolyn home and then drove to my own home playing with my throbbing, ungratified erection all the way.

The next evening Carolyn informed me, that she had told her mother, we had stopped at the Nob Hill Orange Julius for a drink after church and got to talking. She still caught Holy Hell for staying out too late on a school night. And, her father repeated the same sermon in the morning with much more gusto and overlong lectures. We vowed to be more careful in the future though we were able to enjoy new, additional, more exciting actions on our dates now.

That future was not too long in coming. Just a few weekends after our explorations in the private chapel, her father went out of town to a church convention in Dallas. Not only would he not be a threat for three whole days, but his wife went with him. This left only Carolyn's little sister at home and, since she was also dating, meant no one would be aware of our hours. We felt it would be pushing our luck to go to her house, as little sister just might come home early from a date and catch us in a compromising position. But we figured the church was a logical and now guaranteed private place for our assignations.
