 The next time Renee and I made it together was a few years later. I ran into Renee at TGIF in the town where I worked. I was there with the guys from work. I got up and walked over and gave her a big hello kiss. She still looked good, and could still kiss better than anyone I knew! We stood there talking, and she said her husband had had a stroke and wasn't that well. She was staying in here in town at her girlfriends for the week, just to get away from the misery at home. I was just about to suggest something, when she said, "I would love to see you one night, can you get out?" I said I could, and she gave me her number and told me to call her when I could get out, and she would arrange to have her friend go out so we could be alone! A few days passed, and the opportunity presented itself. My wife was going away for the weekend with her sisters. She was leaving Saturday, and wouldn't be back until Sunday morning. I called Renee and we decided to get together that night! I pulled up to her friends house and went and knocked on the door. 

She came to meet me, she looked gorgeous. I went in and we sat down on the couch, and started talking. She went to get us a couple of glasses of wine and we had a few drinks and the talk started getting more personal. We both admitted how much we were both attracted to each other. As we talked she kept rubbing my leg with her hand. I leaned over and asked her if she would mind if I gave her a kiss, she said, "Shut up and kiss me!" I leaned to her and put my arms around her and started kissing her, it didn't take long before she was breathing heavier and opened her mouth slightly and slowly snaked her tongue out and caressed my lips with her tongue. 

The kisses were slowly heating up and finally she pulled away and said, "Do you mind if I take off my sweater?" I gulped, and swallowed hard and said, "Of course not!" She pulled her sweater over her head and I almost lost it then, her tits looked so soft through her bra, and I was getting a tremendous hardon. We kissed some more and by now the pretense was gone and we were French kissing and caressing each other through our clothes. I kept kissing her and caressing her titties through her bra, after a while she really shocked me and took my hand and placed it between her legs on her box, I started stroking her pussy through her panties, her breath caught and she started to breathe heavier and heavier, finally she looked at me with a glazed look and said, "Come on upstairs, I want to fuck the shit out of you!" with that she took my hand and led me upstairs. 

As we were heading upstairs, she kept leaning against me and I knew she was as hungry for me as I was for her. When we got to her bedroom, she got down on her knees in front of me and unzipping my pants said, " I want your cock in my mouth, I want to suck your dick and lick your balls, then I want you to shoot your hot come down my throat, soaking my tonsils". my dick jumped out at her the swollen head bouncing against her drooling lips. she looked up at me and with a wicked look in her eyes opened her mouth and almost swallowed me whole. this was all my wet dreams come true and I almost shot my bolt there and then as one little spurt escaped , she moaned softly as my come mingled with the saliva foaming around the corners of her cocksucking mouth. she took my prick between her lips and started working it over. She started licking the tip and sucking it like it was a lollipop, squeezing my nuts then sucking on my dick a while, then she would take my balls into her mouth and suck on them! 

I thought I would go out of my mind, "OH FUCKING SHIT RENEE, YOUR WARM MOUTH FEELS SO GOOD WRAPPED AROUND MY DICK, OH GOD... SUCK IT SWEETHEART, SUCK IT... OH GOD, I LOVE THIS, TAKE IT ALL IN YOUR MOUTH" She started deep throating my cock working it up and down and all the time she was sucking me she was jerking my shaft, and I was in another world, "Oh god, Renee, you are the best, keep sucking baby, oh god I love this! oh yeah, take it all down your throat, suck it baby... suck it! oh oh oh oh suck my prick lover oh godddd yes suck me!!" 

I was holding the back of her head and fucking her mouth. I couldn't take anymore and with a final spasm I shot my load down her throat. She was trying to swallow all she could. After I finished coming, I took her hand and led her to the bed where I lay her down and undid her bra, loosing her lovely breasts, I lay there kissing her, taking my time caressing and kissing her tits, then I started kissing my way down to my final goal, when I reached her box, I started kissing her pussy through her panties, then she stood up and slowly and agonizingly she peeled her panties off, and moved over to me so that soon I was eye level with her lovely bush! I leaned up and gave her twat a quick kiss, then she threw her naked body on top of mine my hands were moving all over her back then coming to rest on her great ass, I kneaded and squeezed her ass and pulled her cheeks apart while my ram-rod pulsed between us, as we kissed. She bit and sucked on my tongue, then started squeezing my balls, then she said to me, "I want to fuck you!" 

I said I wanted to fuck her as bad as she wanted to fuck me but there was something I was dying to do first, so I rolled her off me and over on her back as I started sucking and licking on her sopping wet cunt! I licked all around her lips, then spread them and started licking the inside of her slit, she kept moaning, "EAT ME BABY! OH YES EAT MY PUSSY, OH... OH... OH... FUCK!" She was starting to get quite damp, and was squirming around, "MMMMMM EAT IT, OH SUCK ON MY TWAT, OH YES BABY, SUCK ON IT!" She was like a wild woman, shrieking and yelling "Oh yes... yesss... lick it baby, lick it! oh suck on my pussy, lover! now... stick your tongue up my pussy!" I rammed my tongue up her cunt like a prick, she loved it, "Yes eat my twat!!" I could feel and taste her love juice all over my face, "OH GOD, I'M COMING, YESS, GARY, LICK ON MY CLIT, OH GOD THAT FEELS SO GOOD Oh , your tongue feels so good oh keep licking my clit!" She was really coming now, moaning and screaming "I'M COMING... YESSSSSS... MMMMMMM... UNGHHHHH!" 

She finally collapsed on her back she reached for me and said, "Fuck me, I want your cock inside my cunt!" I said OK but I wanted her on top, she rolled over on top of me and slid my cock back into her and sat up, and started bouncing up and down on my dick. I had my hands on her gorgeous tits, squeezing and kneading them, we fucked like that for at least an hour, during that time Renee came over and over again, bouncing and shaking her head from side to side, I was finally ready to come, but I wanted to fuck her from behind, so I pulled out and rolled her over and entered her from the rear, slamming my prick in and out of her cunt, I was ready to come so I was pumping faster and faster, Renee growled at me, "FASTER YOU BASTARD FASTER" 

We fucked harder and harder and she was really responding like a mad woman! We kept fucking and Renee was really into it. I could feel her cunt starting to contract with her orgasms as she yelled out "OH SHIT YES... SHOOT IT... SPLATTER YOUR HOT SPUNK IN MY PUSSY...!OH FUCKING HELL... GOD... ARGHHHHHH... ARGHHHHH... YESSSSSSS!" I didn't think I could but I came and came and came shooting quarts of come into her. after we finished climaxing I rolled over and said "wow, I don't think I can ever come again!" 

Renee grabbed my prick and said "We'll see about that!" she took my soft prick into her mouth, and started sucking on it like a vacuum, it didn't take long before I was hard again, she really gave me a great blow job, sucking on the knob and then taking the whole thing down her throat, squeezing my nuts as she was sucking my cock, then she took her mouth off my dick and took my balls one at a time into her mouth sucking on them while she was stroking my cock, then kissing all over my dick and finally taking it back into her mouth again, I was about to go out of my mind, I had a hold of the back of her head and was pumping in and out, "SUCK IT SWEETHEART, SUCK IT... OH GOD, I LOVE THIS, TAKE IT ALL IN YOUR MOUTH" I was in heaven. She really could suck cock. I couldn't believe how good it felt. 

She kept sucking, her head bobbing up and down. I didn't know how much longer I could hold out, "SUCK ME YOU CUNT, SUCK MY FUCKING DICK!" I was really into it. The pleasure was so intense. Just as I was about to come, she took her head off and pinching my prick so I wouldn't come, and said "Not yet lover, I'm not through with you yet!" she pulled off me and rolled over, and said, "Now sweetheart, fuck me between my tits!" I straddled her and squeezing her tits around my prick started giving her a titty fuck, it didn't take long before I knew I was going to come, she could tell and said "Cum in my mouth lover!" I shoved my dick in her mouth and started blasting my come down her throat. 

She sucked and sucked and I came and came, she squeezed every drop of come out of my cock. Afterwards I collapsed and she said "GARY, I WANT YOUR FUCKING COCK IN ME AGAIN, I WANT YOU TO FUCK ME AND SHOOT YOUR COME IN MY TWAT!" So I leaned her on the edge of the bed while I stood on the floor and fucked her that way for a while, I knew there was no danger of me coming for a while so I concentrated on giving Renee the best fuck of her life, I rammed it in and out of her twat, pulling almost all the way out the ramming it to the hilt. Sweat was pouring off of me, I looked down at her lovely face, and there was an expression of pure bliss on it, I reached down while I was fucking and grabbed her jugs and squeezed them as I plunged my cock in and out of her luscious box. I leaned over and put my arms around her and lifted her up and changed positions, I now sat on the floor with Renee on my lap facing me. 

I was pooped so as we kissed she did all the work, I could feel my self starting to come, but first I pulled out, bent her over and started fucking her doggie style, I knelt down and started licking her pussy from behind and taking my tongue licking back toward her asshole. soon I was licking all around her asshole, giving her a rim job, then sucking on her asshole tonguing her hole as she screamed, "please Gary, fuck me up the ass, I want your jism up my ass!" she bent over her ass in the air and begged me to grease up my prick and get my big meat up her ass. 

So I took my tongue out, as I held the head to her asshole she began a sort of moaning chant "yes give me it, give me that big dick" she must have said that three times before I positioned myself and slowly pushed my cock into her ass. I slowly pushed it in, the root of my dick pressed had to her ass ring but she wanted more, keening and groaning she ground her shithole back on me "Fuck my ass hard, hard and rough, I want to feel your meat in me, now, now... yes! OH YES... YES! FUCK MY ASS! YES... OH... THAT FEELS SO GOOD, YOUR COCK FEELS SO BIG IN THERE! OH FUCK MY ASSHOLE... YES... OH GOD...!!! FINGER MY PUSSY WHILE YOU FUCK MY ASS!!" I began reaming out her hunger in long deep strokes. "FUCK ME, DEEPER, YES... YESSSSSSS! I started pumping slowly at first, I didn't want to hurt her, but she said, "Fuck my ass hard.. now,now... oh fuck yesss!!" 

I really started pumping, her ass was so tight, this was as good as it gets! Her cunt was wide open so I was able to shove four finger up her twat, trying to find her G-spot, I did and she went wild, She had such a great butt. She was able to flex her sphincter to milk my prick and pull me farther up into her hot ass. Well I'm not superman, I held out as long I could but between her ass sucking on me and her slutty begging I started shooting my hot load up her beautiful ass! I shot and shot, I was sending a torrent of hot cum gushing into her asshole in no time, each spurt left me dizzy and spent, unable to move, but not needing to as she mashed her ass back on me like a crazy woman screaming that she was coming taking every drop of my load until there was no more. I came so hard it almost hurt. 

We lay like that for a while when Renee suggested we take a shower, since we were so sweaty and covered with each others come, I said sure, and we headed into the shower, where we got in together, soaped each other up and then rinsed off, as we were rinsing we started kissing and Renee said to me, "Blowjob time!" she then dropped to her knees and started to suck on my prick, I was in heaven. She was really working my prick over sucking faster and faster. I looked down and all I could see was her head bobbing up and down. I couldn't hold out any longer and started shooting gobs of my white hot spunk down her throat, "OH GOD SWEETHEART I'M COMING! YES... YES... YES... OH FUCK!" 

She was doing a great job of swallowing my jism. She finished sucking me dry she said, "I love the taste of your jism, when ever I think about sucking your prick, my pussy gets all wet inside!" we finished rinsing off then dried off and I told her I wanted to fuck her again but I wanted to eat that beautiful pussy again first. I buried my face in her bush. Her legs were up in the air as I was plunging my tongue in and out of her cunt, trying to get my tongue as deep as I could. I kept it up and was really working on her clit, she was squealing like anything, and squirming around. It didn't take much and I knew she was about to come again. I could feel her love juice trickling out of her cunt, all over my face. 

She moaned and moaned, as she came and came. We fell asleep for a while. She woke me up by stroking my prick. We started kissing, we were in no hurry. We kissed some more then she reached for me and said, "Fuck me again, I want your cock inside my cunt again!" 

I said OK but I wanted her on top, she rolled over on top of me and slid my cock back into her and sat up, and started bouncing up and down on my dick. I had my hands on her gorgeous tits, squeezing and kneading them, we fucked like that for at least an hour, during that time she came over and over again, bouncing and shaking her head from side to side, I was finally ready to come, but I wanted to fuck her from behind, so I pulled out and rolled her over and entered her from the rear, slamming my prick in and out of her cunt, I was ready to come so I was pumping faster and faster, she growled at me, "FASTER YOU BASTARD FASTER, I WANT YOUR HOT COME IN ME NOW, YES... I'M ALMOST THERE... OH GOD GARY, YOUR DICK FEELS FUCKING WONDERFUL! OOOOHH! YES... YES... YES... MMMMMMM... YES I'M COMING... YESSSS! OH SHIT YES... SHOOT IT... SPLATTER YOUR HOT SPUNK IN MY PUSSY...!OH FUCKING HELL... GOD... ARGHHHHHH... ARGHHHHH... YESSSSSSS!" she wrapped her legs around me and grabbed my ass and started urging me on, " FASTER, FASTER, OH FUCK ME!" 

I fucked her faster and faster until, finally I could take no more and with a final plunge, shot my load up her cunt. We collapsed and lay there. By then the sun had started rising. We had fucked and sucked the night away. I said I had to leave but I would be back again and again, because she was the best!