 I can never figure out why I still come here. Yvonne's has got to be the last place I should come to when I'm bored. I'm still not sure whether to call this place a hole-in-the-wall club or hole-in-the-wall bar or a combination of both but I do know one thing; this place has great music…despite the smoke. I can't stand the smoke. Being a non-smoker it sucks for me because I have to deal with it just to enjoy some good live music but at the rate the radio is declining I think I'm going to be dealing with this more and more as time goes on. I remember some years ago I saw this story on the news that some lady who worked at a bar for about 20 years caught lung cancer and didn't even smoke. Won a big settlement and I'm hoping she's alive now. I think if something similar were to happen to me I would just have the place ban smoking instead of bankrupting the business. I really do love the music at Yvonne's that much and I guess my only real problem is dealing with the fact that the smokers do too. Not to many 26 year olds spend their Wednesday nights listening to live soul and blues music played by local groups but then again, not too many of my peers aren't smoking either.

Tonight, Flowers are performing a laundry list of covers ranging from Norah Jones, Brandy, Christina Aguilera and Maroon 5. There are three of the most beautiful girls singing with their own band and for some reason they make me love all of the songs they sing even more than I already do. It's a no-brainer to buy a CD of their original material whenever one comes out. I'm usually always the only person who can recite their songs word for word and I think the lead singer, Iris, notices every time. It's always dark in here but she still sees me and it's hard for me not to notice a star on the stage. I thought that tonight would make a great night for me to ask her out and I was fully prepared to after hearing her sing Anita Baker's "Sweet Love." It almost seemed like the air was clear after she sang that song and she even smiled at me after her performance. There's never too many people here on a Wednesday so it's not hard to think that she was just smiling and happened to be looking in my direction…still, a single guy has needs and 8 months is a shitty amount of time to go without girlfriend. I haven't been sexless though, lucky me, just lonely at night. I was determined not to let that happen tonight and I had no idea how real that thought was going to be. 

As the performance ended I clapped to show my appreciation and stared right at Iris, almost letting her know that I was mostly applauding her. Just then I felt my phone vibrate on my hip indicating a text message coming in. It was surprising because it was a number I wasn't familiar with but the person seemed to be familiar with me.

 She's gorgeous isn't she? Yeah she is. Who is this? Sit. I'm coming.