 8:10 a.m.

Ring, ring. Ring, ring. Cinnamon was sound asleep. In her dream, a lover was calling her on the phone. Ring, ring. Ring, ring. "Wait, that is the sound of my cell ringing," Cinnamon said to herself. She rolled over to the nightstand, and picked up the phone.

"Hello," she said.

"Hi," said the deep voice on the other end of the line. Cinnamon felt herself get a little wet and aroused, knowing it was one of her favorite phone lovers, George.

"Hi lover, it's been so long, almost two days since we last talked," she giggled.

"Talked? I think we did more than just talk the night before. Or do you not remember our pleasant conversation of Monday night? What I recall, you screamed lovingly into my ear most of the evening."

Cinnamon remembered the phone sex that George and she had had last Monday. She had climaxed several times during the call, and George had masturbated to a climax at her urging. "Let me see, Monday, let's see, I talked with Mark, fucked him silly, and then there was Steve, and, of course, Sam called again. Are you sure that we talked on Monday night, nothing is ringing a bell."

They both laughed. They loved to kid each other over the phone. George's humor was what first attracted her to him on Lit, and his voice and his imagination involving sex were just a plus to giving and receiving pleasure.

"So what are you doing this morning, Cin?"

"I was sleeping," looking over to the clock radio, "I don't have to get up until 10 a.m."

"Should I let you go back to sleep, lover?"

Cinnamon could feel the wetness between her thighs. Even if George hung up the phone, she would not be able to fall back asleep without playing with herself until she came. "Oh, no, please don't go, I need you, I need you badly."

"How badly do you need me? Would you give up an hour of beauty sleep so that I can satisfy you deeply?"

"Oh George, fuck me dear, fuck me."

"I am sitting between your legs, rubbing your calves and the top of your feet. I am rubbing them firmly, so as not to tickle you. I am rubbing the back of your knees. Hope you are feeling the heat back there?"

"George, it feels so good!"

"Now I am moving up your legs, rubbing the outside of your thighs, rubbing against the side of your butt. I move slowly back down to your feet, touching them softly, massaging your calves, back up to your knees."

"Oh, you are making me so hot, just touching me. I need you, lover."

"I am massaging the inside of your thighs, Cin. Moving slowly, softly, upwards towards your lovely, wet, tasty, PUSSY."

Cinnamon felt the rush of wetness between her legs. She had been pinching and pulling her nipples, which had a direct connection to her cunt. The sound of the word PUSSY caused her to be thoroughly aroused. Her right hand reached downwards, past her stomach, and between her thighs. "Mmmmm," was all she could say.

"I move on the bed, getting into position so that I can, touch you with my tongue, with my mouth, with my nose, and of course, my fingers all over."

"Oh please, George, please!"

"I kiss your thighs, moving upwards from your knees. Butterfly kisses, touching you lightly. And when I am almost to the top, I shift to your other thigh, moving downwards, kissing you again and again."

"Soon I grow tired of teasing you Cinnamon. I start to move my mouth closer, close, smelling you; I can feel how wet and aroused you are dear. My tongue sticks out, and licks the outside of your pussy lips, upwards, almost to your clitty, and back down your cunt, pushing my tongue deeper inside you. You taste so good. I love your taste. I could live forever between your legs licking you, eating you. This is heaven."

Cinnamon had now moved her left hand down to her pussy. Her fingers were pushing inside, while her right hand's thumb was rubbing her clitoris. She pushed two fingers inside. "Ohhh," she moaned.

"Now I am moving upwards, licking the bottom of your clit, flicking my tongue back and forth, up and down, working my way to your spot, to that place you love me to lick, and kiss, and suck. I move my right hand upwards, pushing two fingers into your pussy, starting to finger fuck you. Quickly, I push a third finger into your cunt. Moving faster while I continue to lick, suck, and wrap my lips around your clitty."

Cin was continuing to play with herself, rubbing both her clit and masturbating her pussy. She loved how George loved to play with her, knowing how it drives her, causing her to roll and quickly climax.

"I then pull my fingers out of your cunt. I move my hand, past your breasts, and let you suck on my fingers. You love your taste; you suck on each of my fingers in turn."

Cinnamon was quickly becoming very aroused, what George likes to call ROLLING. She knew she was close to Cumming. She continued to frig her clitty while finger fucking her pussy. Her breath was short, gasping into the phone. George could hear her, he knew her, and he knew she was about to cum.

"My fingers move from your mouth, and down your body. I pinch your right nipple, it is so hard. Then you feel me, moving my left hand inside your cunt, three fingers, no four, pushing hard inside you, while I continue to suck and lick and softly bite your clit. I am finger fucking you, when you feel my fingers touch your anus, pressing one finger slowly slowly inside you."

This small act of touching her ass caused Cinnamon to start to scream in an intense orgasm. She continues to scream through three separate climaxes. All she could do is moan intensely into the phone.

George could hear her, oh; he loved to hear her cum. This was heaven for him. He continued to tell Cinnamon how he was finger fucking her cunt, sucking on her clitty, and pushing a finger slowly up her ass.

This caused Cin to feel an intense orgasm that began on the back of her knees, and moved quickly up her body. She curled her toes, and tilted her head back, screaming again into the phone. "Oh my God, George, oh my God!!!! Please, please, mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm, don't stop, don't stop."

George let her scream. There was not much to say.

Suddenly, the clock radio alarm blared out a classic rock station singing a Three Dog Night song. Cinnamon looked over at the clock radio, and was amazed to see it read 10 a.m. She said, "Oh George, I have to get up, take a shower, get dressed, and get off to work. Oh baby, this was such a nice wake up call. But if I don't stop now, I will be late to work."

George understood. He had to get back to work soon also. He said, "Cinnamon, I understand, and I enjoyed you so so much. Hope you spend the day with my voice in your head, hoping that you have to stop working during the day and run into the ladies room, and relieve the tension."

Cinnamon laughed. "Bye lover."

"Good bye Cin. Until we talk again or see each other on Lit. Take care. Kiss."

"Kiss."

The phone line went dead. Cinnamon pulled her hands from her pussy and clit, and moved them to her mouth. She began to suck on her fingers, tasting herself. Damn, I really have to get up and get going.

10:15 a.m.