 11:45 a.m.

In parts one and two, Cinnamon had phone sex with George and her boss Bill ate her pussy. Now she has to work the next eight hours at the store, with Bill, Bill’s wife, and the other sales personnel. 

Cinnamon looked at the mirror in the woman’s bathroom, making sure her hair and makeup looked alright. Her face was glowing, looking pretty good for a woman who just received several orgasms from her boss. She sure hoped that Bill washed off his face. Three weeks ago, he did not, and it was amazing that his wife did not notice. But Sally did smell pussy on Bill, and was wondering who Bill was fucking now.

Sally was the human resources manager for this and five stores in the area. Bill and his wife owned the store, but had borrowed money from a silent partner who also owned four other stores. Sally worked for the silent partner, making sure that the stores operated within reason, and that no hanky panky, either financial or otherwise, was about.

Cinnamon had known Sally for the last ten years, and they and their husbands went out to dinner about once a month. Sometimes Sally and Cin would go out to a favorite bar after work to unwind a little. She sometimes wondered if Sally was somehow hitting on her, by her manner at times, especially after a couple of drinks. Nothing had every happened, but Cinnamon sometimes thought how it might be with another woman.

Cinnamon walked out of the bathroom, and started walking down the hallway towards the retail store space. She expected at least one of the sales women would not show up for work, and she would have to work the bloody cash register again. It was a boring job, standing on her feet all day, but it was a little better than breaking down boxes and throwing them into the dumpster.

Before getting to the store proper, she heard Sally behind her. “Cin, could you stop by my office for a second?”

Cin turned around and nodded, and walked behind Sally towards her office. She sat down in the office as Sally closed the door, and then moved around to her chair behind the wooden desk.

“Sorry to bother you, but I have to be concerned about Bill again. I have evidence that he is probably fooling around with one of the sales staff again. Thank goodness Ann has not figured out he cheats on her. That would make this a real soap opera around here, and would disrupt the store’s business. Do you know anything or suspect anything, Cin?”

“Hmm, let me think if I have seen Bill looking hard at any of sales staff. Damn, Sally, you know Bill, he is one of the biggest flirts in this city. Most of the sales staff doesn’t have much in the way of brain power, but he picks them based on their big tits and sexy legs. And they don’t stay working here long, before they are off where ever. I can’t say I have noticed Bill flirting harder with anyone recently, or anyone alone in the back rooms with him besides Ann, you, and I. What makes you think Bill is fooling around?”

“Oh, about three weeks ago, he had his face in someone’s crotch. You could smell him from ten feet away. I continue to be amazed that Ann does not catch on.”

“Well I’ve known Ann for the last twenty-five years, and she might not be a perfect angel as you suggest. Who knows, maybe Bill and Ann decided to fool around before work, and Bill was so happy he wanted to taste her all day.”

They both laughed at that thought. Cinnamon knew that Bill got to fuck Ann maybe once a week, and it had been quite a while since he had ate his wife’s pussy. He would rather eat her pussy, and she felt a little wetness between her legs.

“OK, if you notice anything, please let me know. I hate to spy on Bill, but I do have to protect the owner’s interest in the store’s operations. I can’t have Bill getting us sued because he knocks off another salesperson.”

Cin got up off the chair, and left Sally’s office. So Bill had gotten someone pregnant once. Hmm, no wonder Sally is so concerned.

Her cell phone started ringing. She answered it. “Hello.”

“Hi sweetie, how is your day going?” Cinnamon recognized the voice of Mark, who had been her lover for the last ten years.

“Just starting work, so it’s about to go downhill soon,” she laughed.

“Oh, that is too bad. Hey, Cin, I found my afternoon is suddenly free. When is your lunch hour today?”

“Oh that sounds like fun. I have a lunch break at 3 p.m. today. Do you want to meet at the Comfort Inn at that time?”

“Good girl. I will get a room; just give me a call when you’re driving there. See you.”

“By, see you then.”

Cinnamon pushed the end button on the cell phone, and went into the store. She could work the cash register for the next three hours.”

3:00 p.m.

Cinnamon was out to the parking lot about two minutes to the hour, and jumped quickly into her car. The hotel was just three blocks away. She dialed Marks number on her cell.

He answered, “213.” She repeated the number, and he said yes. She hung up the phone. She pulled her car into the motel parking lot, and parked near the stairwell. She bounded up the steps and reached the door to room 213 in less than five minutes from leaving work. 

She knocked, but the door was ajar, and she pushed it open. She walked in, and there was Mark lying on the bed naked. Cinnamon licked her lips. Mark’s cock was standing erect, all ten inches, its pink head already aroused.

Cin moved on to the bed, and her mouth went immediately to Mark’s cock. She loved to suck dicks, and loved it even more when she was rewarded with a mouthful of semen. He tongue licked down the length, and around, and back up to the head. Her mouth wrapped around the pink top, and she began sucking it into her mouth. She could easily take half of Mark into her mouth with no trouble, and with a little work, could work seven inches before his dick would hit the back of her throat.

She looked up a Mark, who was enjoying her attention. He said, “It’s been almost a month since you sucked me. And two weeks since I last fucked that lovely pussy. That feels so good, Cin.”

Cinnamon kept sucking and licking on his dick. She wondered if she should just continue giving him a blow job until he came, given the shot time frame that they had. But her pussy was getting so wet, and her nipples needed attention. She decided that she would suck him for another few minutes, and then mount him.

Mark just lay on the bed, letting his lover do all the work.

Cin started to unbutton her blouse as she continued the blowjob. She was licking and putting each of his balls in her mouth, when she moved upwards licking and kissing on his long shaft. She lifted herself upwards, and took the blouse off, and reached behind herself and unlatched her bra. Her 42C tits sprang out, their nipples rock hard. She unbuttoned her pants, and pulled them and her panties off in one motion.

She moved quickly up on Mark, and grabbed his cock, pointing it directly at her bald pussy lips. She then pushed it inside her, and lay down on top of Mark. Mark’s hands immediately began pinching and pulling on her nipples. She now completely straddled Mark, and his cock was now deeply inside her cunt. “Oh, damn Mark, I just love how you fill me up. I just need to have a huge cock in me, now!”

Cin started to rock up and down on Mark’s cock, fucking him hard. Mark had a smile on his face, a grin from ear to ear. He started to knead her breasts, while continuing to pay attention to her nipples. He knew how stimulation of her hard nipples directly caused her pussy to get wetter and wetter, and that was necessary to give his cock the most enjoyment.

She continued to fuck him, moving his cock almost out of her, and then driving it deep inside her. She banged her pussy lips on his balls, wanting his dick to be totally inside her. She could feel it rubbing against her clit, and against her g spot. She was about to come.

“Oh, baby, I am rolling. I’m going to cum on your huge cock. Oh, Mark, I just love fucking you.”

Mark just smiled. He was not one to speak while he fucked, and quite honestly, he was doing much work, just lying there having this lovely woman fuck him totally.

“Yes, yes, oh my God, oh yes, oh God, oh, oh, hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm, yes, yes, oh God, mmmmmmmmmmmmm, yea, yea, Cumming baby.”

She kept pounding up and down on Mark. She wanted to cum again. In just a minute, she got her wish. “Oh Mark, oh yes, oh God, yes, hmmmmmmmmmmmm, yes, oh God, oh yes, yes, yes, yessssssssssssss, hmmmmmmmmmmmmmm, oh God,” she screamed again.

She could not continue. She lay on top of Mark, stopping her fucking him, but having his cock deep inside her cunt.

“That was good, sweetie. I loved being fucked like that. What would you like me to do now, bend you over and fuck you from behind? Or would you like to swallow cum?”

3:30 p.m.