 We have never seen one another before tonight. It's 11:30 pm and I have been secretly watching you, secretly watching me, all night long as you mingle with your social group from across the room and I am mingling with mine. We are both standing in a Grand Ball room of a very ritzy Hotel surrounded by other patrons smelling of rich imported cigars, faint hints of the finest champagne and Hennessy that money can buy, mixed with expensive perfumes and cologne floating in the air around us as the other formally dressed patrons pass us by. I watched you enter the party earlier in the humid evening with another lady whom I assume must be your wife from the way she is laughing and consorting with the other women whom are all, obviously, from the same prestigious social group. "Probably all married." I presume.

I recall the first moment our eyes met as I entered the building with my own date for the night who had abandoned me the second we arrived to entertain his business companions. I was dressed in a red cocktail dress by Mori Lee with my buxom tits trying desperately hard not to peek over the edge. As I passed you by on my way to the ladies room I saw you standing there pretending to listen to what one of the other gentlemen were telling you. I could feel the gaze of your intense green eyes burning my milk flesh and making me take in my breath causing my chest to rise. As I passed by you savoring your sexy scent, I felt a slight tug on my long red blazon hair. I rolled my eyes towards where your wife was standing and she was paying no notice to you or me. I could smell the sweet Cognac coming off from the breath of your full lips as you gripped my hair tighter, turning my head to face you and forcing me to look into you your eyes. No words were spoken between us as we read each other's thoughts with our eyes. We smiled knowingly at one another and I reached down and traced your hard cock which was trying to drill through your trousers before giving it a quick, hard squeeze and watching you part your lips letting a surprised gasp escape. Shocked, you let go of my hair. As I walk away from you, I kiss the tips of my pointy and middle finger of my right hand and place them gently to your lips as I whisper, "Shhhh."

My pussy is wet and needing you so bad that I can't hardly catch my breath as I make my way into the ladies room. I can feel my nipples standing at full attention, trying to stab through my dress. Hurriedly, I fumble around in my small hand bag and retrieve my lip stick because I have no pen. I grab a paper napkin and I scribble a quick note to you to meet me on the right hand side of the third foyer overlooking the ballroom in ten minutes. I knew that we would not be seen there because of the height and the lack of lighting there. After folding my little message up and regaining my composure, I exited the bathroom and saw you still standing there watching and waiting for me. Your wife is still paying all of her female socialites so much attention that she doesn't even notice me walk by you and slip you the note into the front pocket of your trousers where I could feel the outline of your hard cock once more.

Calmly, I walk past you into the ballroom and through the sound of ballroom piano music, glasses clinking, and much laughter and boasting from everyone in there I walk towards the stairs leading up to the third story foyer. Once I am there I let lose a big sigh of relief as I realize that I can see my date boastfully laughing with his glass of Scotch on the rocks sloshing clumsily around in his hand. I can feel electric butterflies fluttering around in my stomach as I wait for you in anticipation of what will come. I can still see your wife standing center stage with all her female socialites and then suddenly I feel my hair being pulled hard at the same time I feel a man's hand roughly grab my ass. It is you.

You pull my hair harder forcing my head back and you suck my neck provoking goose bumps to tickle my body while you whisper to me to come closer to you in the dark foyer. I whisper to you, "No, I want you to fuck me right here while we watch everybody." 

You stop sucking my neck for a minute and I feel your hands move to the top of my dress and tug my dress down enough so that my white tits are exposed now. I can feel your fingertips squeezing my nipples and your hard cock pressing against my ass through your trousers while you look down towards your wife and contemplate what you are going to do. While you got your hands full of my tits, I arch my back so that I can reach behind me and unbutton the zipper on your trousers and pull out your stiff cock as I whisper to you, "You will fuck me right here or not at all!"

I can feel pre cum already dripping from the head of your swollen cock and I wipe some of it off the tip of its head with my finger and put my finger in my mouth and suck it clean of your man juice. This drives you lustfully insane and I can hear you groan like a love sick mammal. I feel you release my tits and I lean on the balcony railing to keep from falling. I can hear your trousers fall to the floor and I can feel your knees forcing my legs to part which are balancing on five inch stilettos while your fingers are yanking my thong to the side and probing my pussy making it wetter and ready for your fat cock. As you look down towards your wife, you half groan, half whisper in your low husky voice into my ear, "If you want me to fuck you right here, I will you slut!"

You tug my hair tight, forcing my head back as you ram your cock deep into my soaked pussy while you bite my neck. I have to use both hands to grip the balcony railing while you begin pumping your cock so hard into my pussy that I can feel my tits bouncing freely in the air. I feel your free hand reach around and begin to flick my throbbing clit. As I am staring into the sparkling colorful lights of the massive ballroom chandelier, I can feel the pressure from deep within my womb build up and my body begins to writhe with the most intense orgasm as I feel your cock pumping into me even harder. Once you realize that you have made me orgasm, you yank your cock from my pussy and order me on my knees by pulling me down by the hair of my head. Now I am facing your hard cock which is dripping wet with my juices and you gruffly whisper to me, "Swallow my cock you slut!"

I take your cock all the way into my mouth and you grip my hair tighter as you begin thrusting it into my mouth so far that I can feel the head of your cock hitting the back of my throat. I am getting aroused so I begin to play with my pussy while you fuck my mouth. I almost gag and I am trying hard not to as I feel your cock swell even bigger. Just as we both hear the grand ball room clock strike twelve to let everyone know it is almost midnight, you ram your cock as far down as you can and I can feel, taste, and smell you cumming down my throat. I am so turned on that I am cumming again too. Afterwards I hurriedly lick your balls and my fingers clean of our sweet and salty sexy juices because I don't want to leave behind any evidence...