 This I truly a fairy tale, since things like this don't happen to people like me. No, my name's not Cinderella or even Cindy, but I feel like a princess. Let me tell you why.

Almost a year ago, I lost my job, my home and everything that meant something special to me. Down on my luck, out of cash, I packed up what little clothes I had and set out for the road. 

At thirty-two, it's hard to get up once you fall. And with nothing left I had few choices. This one seemed the best to me at the time.

Leaving the warmth of southern California, I stood on the side of the road with my thumb out and my bag across my back and my knapsack over my shoulder.

I thought, 'Well, if nothing else, I'll lose some weight from the walk.' Not that I really needed to lose weight at five-six and a hundred and seventeen pounds. My long auburn hair tied up in a pony tail so it wouldn't blow in my face as he cars passed me by.

A very nice woman who was on her way to Denver soon picked me up; she was happy for my company. Her name was Millie and she has a fabulous laugh. She was also very supportive of me. She even gave me fifty-dollars "For food and hopefully lodging for a night or two if you need it." She waved as she drove off and I thought I saw a tear in her eye.

I slipped into a diner and used the facilities to clean up a bit. Then spent four dollars to get a sandwich and some coffee. It warmed my belly and my soul. 

The waitress was wonderful. Maybe she could see my plight in my gray eyes, for when I handed her the money, she laid it back on the table. "Use it for your next meal, I've got this one." She smiled; tears filled my eyes as she walked back to the counter.

Picking up my backpack and heading for the parking lot, a young man called to me, "Do you need a ride somewhere?"

I smiled, "If you're headed East, I do."

"Well, Ma'am, that's where I'm going," he couldn't have been more than twenty-two. He had peach fuzz on his chin. His eyes were crystal blue and the sun bounced off his white teeth.

His name was Carl. His sandy hair was disheveled and I think he was starting a go-tee thus the fuzz. He was a talkative fellow and had a bright smile. I'll bet the drove all the young girls wild. 

"I'm headed for New Orleans for the Mardi Gras, want to come with me?" he chattered excitedly.

"Thanks, but I need to be in New York by next week for a job interview," I lied. I really had no place to go or a destination in mind. Where the road led me that is where I was going.

Carl was a talkative one. His endless chatter made the trip go faster and I enjoyed his humor. But he was only going as far as Louisiana, however; I was closer to my destination than when I started. Wherever that may be. 

I leaned over and gave him a kiss on the cheek before I exited his truck. "Good luck in New Orleans, I'll always remember your kindness."

Sitting on a log on the side of the country road, I held my thumb to the Trucker in the bright red cab. He stopped and opened the heavy passenger side door. "You need a lift, ma'am?"

"I'd really appreciate it," I smiled up at him as he reached for my hand and my bags.

"Where you going?" he asked for no reason. 

"I don't really know, I guess where ever my soul feels at home," I smiled up at him as he pulled me into the large cab. 

"Well, I'm going to Michigan and you're welcome to ride with me that far."

"Never been there before, sounds like a good next stop!" I smiled at him as he pulled me into the cab.

Jeff was in his fifties and had been married nearly thirty years to the love of his life. He bragged as he told me how they slipped out of town and married then went back home and told everyone.

"The whole town was disappointed that we eloped but we didn't want all that fuss, you know?"

"Yes, I do know. It sounds so wonderful, your life."

We rode in silence for a long while, and then he asked, "So what is it you're looking for?"

"That's a good question. I'm not really sure of the answers. I lost everything and now I guess I'm looking for a new start... somewhere." My eyes misted over I felt sad at the thought that I had nowhere to go.

When we hit Michigan, I climbed out of the cab at the truck stop and thanked him for the ride. He handed me a slip of paper. "Contact me when you get settled; I'd like to know you made it wherever you are," he said as I stepped out of the truck.

I took the address, "I promise I will," I said and thanked him for the ride. Then out went my thumb once again. Within minutes a blue, dented pick up pulled up and a nice looking man opened the door. "Need a ride?" he asked with smile on his face.

"Thank you, yes I do," I smiled.

"Where are you headed?" he asked.

"I'm not sure. Where ever the road leads me, I guess."

"That doesn't sound very positive," he smiled. Wanna tell me your story?"

"It's not a very good story", told him, as I closed my eyes to rest a bit before I had to get out once again.

"Please tell me why a beautiful woman like you is hitch hiking across that USA? You are too beautiful to be doing this. Someone could have killed you!"

"Why do you need to know my plight? You don't know me. I could be an ax murder like Lizzy Borden, I grinned mischiefly. 

He laughed out loud. "So where do you want me to take you?"

"Where ever you stop, I'll get out." I turned and smiled at him. 

"Well, maybe we'll go to Canada then, a nice long drive and you can tell me all about yourself."

That's not necessary. His smile warmed me even though I didn't realize that I felt chilled. We drove and talked for a good two hours and then he pulled into a diner. "Want some lunch? My treat!" 

He held out his hand and helped me out of the truck. Then placed his hand in the small of my back and escorted me to the dinner. "They've got great food here, I'll treat!"

I let him lead me to the Café and we found a nice table in the corner. He told me of his ranch and the cattle and horse he owned. Asked if I had ever ridden. 

"No, I don't think I'm into the country part of life." 

"Well, if you stay around long enough maybe I'll introduce you to my horses anyway."

While we ate, he told me about the ranch, "Just a small one, a couple of acres. It's cozy enough for me. Now you ready to tell me why a beautiful woman like you is hitch- hiking across the USA?"

"No, I don't I'm not sure you'd understand," I told him. 

"Well, my name's Roger and I would like to be your friend.

"I don't even know where I'm going, how could you be my friend. You want to give me your email address and IM me? Don't think that will work."

"Why are you so defensive? Did some man hurt you somewhere down the line?" he asked in all sincerity.

"No, my world just fell apart one day. And I ended up on the north side of my thumb looking for a place where I would fit."

"You're not eating your food. I know you must be hungry."

I took a few bites of the chili that sat in front of me and then smiled at him. "Is there a half way decent and reasonable hotel where I could stay the night, get a good hot shower before I hit the road again?"

"You're welcome to come stay at my place, plenty of room, you never have to see me if you don't want to."

"No, I'd feel better just getting a room," I told him.

"Well, there's a nice clean motel down the street a bit; I could drop you off there," he offered.

"Sure, that would be great!" 

He helped me out of the chair and paid for our lunch. Then back on the road he drove me to the Crystal Hotel. Before I slipped out of the cab of the truck, I reached over, unzipped his jeans and pulled out a very nice nine-inch cock. 

I sucked it into my mouth and deep into my throat until his seed exploded down my esophagus. Swallowing, I sat up and smiled, "Sorry, I didn't have the money to pay you for the ride. I hope that will compensate you.

"Oh don't be sorry; good luck and if you need anything." He handed me a card with his name and address on it.

I slipped out of the truck and got my bag out of the bed. Then waved good-bye.

Checking into the motel, I watched as he drove off and I felt empty inside. I don't know why I was so mean to him. Maybe I just thought that it would be another disappointment I'd have to get over.

It was just a dump, but the rooms were clean and it was cheap.

I went to the room and took a long, hot shower. I didn't think I'd ever get the dust of the road out of my pours and my hair.

As the hot water trickled slowly down my skin, my fingers found my pussy and clit. I sunk down onto the cool tiles of the shower and rubbed my clit as my other fingers slid in and out of my wet pussy.

I was so sad and alone once again. I just wanted to feel loved. I just wanted to know that all of my life hadn't been for nothing. I wanted to feel real again. I wanted to love again but I was so afraid of losing it all anew that I dare not try.

Lost in my thoughts, I slipped out of the shower and walked into the adjoining room where the bed awaited me. I didn't bother to wrap a towel around me. No reason to. I liked the feel of my skin, now that it was clean.

Then I stopped in my tracks as I rounded the corner of the alcove that held the mirror and vanity. There in the center of the room stood Roger and when he saw me, unclothed; not even a towel, he smiled.

"Ooops! Sorry, I didn't think you'd come out of their in the buff. But you need to come with me. I fell in love with you when I first saw you on the road. You need to come with me and be my wife. You are the woman I've been searching for most of my life."

I just stood there, mouth agape. No words came out; I didn't even try to cover my nudity. 

His eyes slid down my face to my shoulders, then to my breast, and my navel and finally lighted on the smooth skin of my shaved pussy. His tongue glazed his lips. His face turned red.

Roger walked up to me, knelt before me and looked up at my face; his had gone red. I wanted him more than he did me. I knew he was my destiny. I knew that without him my life would never be happy again.

Finally, he stood up, lifted me off the floor, water still dripping off my skin and lay me gently onto the bed. He disrobed and when his cock unfurled my heart skipped a beat. The thick prick was awaited the warmth of my pussy.

I licked my lips and wanted to suck it into my throat once again. It had been so delicious the first time. 

But he had other plans. First his tongue spread the lips of my pussy from back to top. It was so sexy. Then he lapped at my navel and followed the line up my belly to the notch between my now hard nipples.

He sipped one into his mouth, his tongue played over the hard tit. Juices filled my pussy preparing to take his length.

But my mouth covered the head before he could find his target. I sucked him deep and hard into my throat, his hands held tight to my shoulders as I pulled him deeper. 

He fell backwards on the spread and spread my legs wide; the fluids building to allow his prick access to the pleasures hidden there. I rode him like one of those horses he had told me about. 

My tits were his reigns and he let me ride him until my knees gave out. The he flipped me over and mounted me. His body collided with me with a force of strength that jiggled my titties.

The rush of his seed into my hungry cunt was so exhilarating and I didn't want it to end. My body jerked and reached higher and higher to keep him in me as he fucked me like no one had ever done.

Suddenly, he sat up and arched over me. He sixty-nined me, and my body shook with ecstasy. At one point, I think I blacked out. 

When I awoke, his head was on my belly and his fingers still pinched my clit. I tried to roll off the bed without waking him, but he reached for me. "You're not going anywhere without me. I want you in my life. I need you there."

I've not felt this alive in years and you're the reason. I can't let you go. Please tell me you'll stay with me and hopefully marry me one day!" He pleaded.

Tears fell from my eyes. I couldn't speak. I tried... "You don't even know me; I'm just some woman you picked up off the side of the road. I could be a serial killer for all you know."

"It's not in your eyes; it's not in your touch and it's not in your heart. Please come with me. Please, for me. I need you. I know you are the one I was meant to meet and love. I've been so lonely. I'm not your savior; you're mine!"

He started picking up my clothes and putting them into my knapsack. Then he handed me a dress, which I slipped on. 

Standing before me, he licked his lips, smiled and took my hand. Silently, we left the cheap room. 

Walking through the lobby, he handed the keys to the clerk and we walked out the double doors into the sunshine. The colors of a rainbow greeted us. A rainbow on a sunny day... My heart skipped a beat and a smile crossed Robert's face. 

"I asked for this so that you would have the colors in your life," he smiled sheepishly.

I believed him. He helped me into the cab of the truck and I sat there, quiet, deep in thought. 

I didn't pay any attention to where we were going. I was lost in the dream that he had promised.

When we turned into the driveway he motioned that I should look out my window. The house was a mansion. Four stories, two barns, twenty-seven acres.

For the first three months, Robert and I had sex in every room of the house. The maid caught us on the on the sun porch. He was fucking my ass while I played with my clit.

My favorite place is on the glass dinning room table, with oil all over our bodies. We nearly slipped off several times. 

I love the feel of his long, thick prick pounding against my uterus. But we now have to be just a little less passionate; don't want to hurt the baby. 

Last night we experimented with anal. My butt is still passing gas from that. But it is so exciting to try new things with Robert. 

Last week, he lay me on the straw in the barn and fucked me so hard I was afraid that I might hurt the baby, but the doctor said he was doing great.

I love slipping his cock into my mouth and torturing him by squeezing his full balls. He loves that too.  When he finally comes, his body shakes so that he can not control it and I love the fact that I get filled so full of his thick cum.

I'm going to have our baby in three months. I like the way he fucks me now that my belly is so large. He is so gentle and passionate. He suckles my hard nipples and slowly slides his prick in and out of my pussy. We're having a little boy. 

Once I was settled, I wrote a note to Jeff. I told him that I was safe, happy and married to a wonderful man that loves me as I've never been loved. I thanked him for his kindness and told that I was grateful for his help. I gave him our address and invited him and his wife to come visit. 

They promised to come next summer, after the baby is born.

I'm thinking of naming the baby after him. 

My life with Robert hasn't been a fairy tale but it is definitely Cinderella's story... Every one should live the life we live. 

Gotta go now, Robert's dick is waiting for my mouth...