 Moving was both exciting and terrifying, and Lauren felt as though she had done it enough times to know. It seemed as though her father was transferred every few years, and as she walked through their new home for the first time, she counted in her mind the number of times in her eighteen years. She believed this to be the fifth. 

Bypassing the ground floor and heading upstairs, she wanted to choose her bedroom. Experience had her choosing the one at the end of the hallway at the opposite end of the house from the master bedroom. It was slightly larger than the other two extra bedrooms, it was nearest the bathroom and it had a window that, even though it faced the house next door, it would allow light in, but did not have an east or west exposure so there would be no direct sunlight to overheat the room. 

She took a moment to glance out of the window. It was right in line with a window of the house next door; poor planning on someone's part. That could be bad depending on what the room next door was used for. She would obviously need some kind of window covering to prevent anyone from looking in. 

"Not surprised you chose this one," Lauren's older, twenty-one year-old brother, Eddie, said, sticking his head in. 

"Well, I would have preferred yours." 

"When you're older." 

Lauren returned downstairs to tour the rest of the house. At least this move was to a city with lower real estate costs and property taxes so the family was able to buy a larger home than they had in their previous location. It looked like it would be nice living here. Hopefully, they would stay a while. 

Fortunately, they had arrived at the same time as the movers and were able to start arranging furniture as it was brought in. By late afternoon, all of Lauren's stuff was in her room. She had been able to direct the workers exactly where to place everything, so she could get right to the little things. She had opted to set her desk next to the window to provide day time light. She sat there in her chair to rest for a few minutes, having hardly stopped since arriving in the new home. 

Lauren had wondered about their neighbors, but one question was answered when she looked out of her window to the house next door. There was a guy sitting at a desk arranged very similarly to hers. Through two windows it was difficult to judge his age, but she could easily see that he was very handsome. Continuing to stare, she was caught off guard when he turned and saw her. He smiled and waved, and his grin was so alluring, she returned both gestures. They held their gazes for a few more moments until she strangely felt her heart beat a bit faster. Then she nervously got up and moved away. 

* * * 

Jamie hadn't meant to stare at the new neighbor across the windows, but he was instantly smitten by her beauty. From what else he could see of her sitting and when she arose to walk away, she had a body to go along with the looks. He was suddenly anxious to meet her, and he toyed with the idea of going next door under the guise of offering to help. However, she might find that more creepy than polite, so he decided to hold off until maybe tomorrow. 

He was quiet through dinner and the women all asked if he was alright. He lied that with college starting in just over a month, he was thinking about that and planned to visit the university's website tonight to better acquaint himself with it. Ella and Emma both offered to show him around the campus any time he wanted since he would be attending the same college as they were. They even said he could accompany them to class to see how different it was from high school. 

He indicated that that would be nice. He didn't really want to do that, but he didn't want to blow them off either, particularly since his ulterior motive was to sit in his room with the lights out and watch the new neighbor's house in hopes if glimpsing the beautiful girl again. 

He did get to see her again, but only briefly as she entered her room, stood at the window and looked out for a second, and then stretched to reach up and hang a temporary shade. However, in those few seconds, he committed to memory the vision of her arms raised, her exposed midriff revealed by her extended limbs and her shapely thighs visible due to her short shorts. She then let the shade drop removing herself from view. 

Jamie sighed as he lowered his own shade. He hated to think it, but she was way more beautiful than Ella and Emma, and from his point of view, that was saying something. 

* * * 

Before she hung the temporary shade, Lauren paused for a second to look at the window across from her. It was dark and she couldn't tell if it was simply because the lights were off or if it was some kind of covering. It also occurred to her that maybe he was recessed and watching her so she quickly lifted the temporary shade and pressed it into place. 

Lauren had been too young to remember the first two moves, but of the last two, she couldn't recall being in such close proximity to her neighbor. She wasn't sure how she felt about this, except that he was a very handsome guy, and those had been in very short supply in her life. 

Lauren shook her head. She was giving too much thought to something that might have been just an apparition. And if he was real, he was probably just another guy wanting to separate her from her panties. With a shrug, she finished hanging the shade and went to bed, now comfortable that she didn't have to worry about someone watching her, real or imagined. 

* * * 

Jamie couldn't remember ever being so enamored by a girl. Even as much as he ogled over Ella, never had it reached the point of obsession, which is almost where he was with his new neighbor. He even dreamed about her, and of course, it was a sexual dream; romantic, but still sexual. 

He was asleep and she came to him in his bedroom. He opened his eyes and saw her approaching in the dim light. She was wearing some kind of short pajamas with a low-cut, thin strap top. She sat on the edge of the bed and he raised himself up enough to kiss her. It was soft and tender. She kissed with a longing. He cupped her neck, and then allowed his hand to gently drop to her breast. It, too, was very soft, but not as big as he had thought from viewing her through two windows. And yet, there was something very familiar about her. It was very romantic. 

There was a compelling fragrance to her skin and Jamie was drawn to kiss her lips and shoulder while inhaling the sweet scent. As his hand explored her other shoulder, the thin strap slipped off and down her arm. The weight of it caused the front of her top to fall, nearly exposing her breast. He gently assisted in uncovering her tit so his lips could caress her soft skin and suck her small nipples. 

A breathy moan seeped from her throat. She quickly stood and removed her top and pants leaving only bikini panties. Jamie continued to place tender kisses on her body down her rib cage and abdomen. His hand went between her legs and around to cup one cheek of her shapely ass as his lips traveled down to her toned thighs. Now, his fingers danced across her nylon-covered pussy, eliciting a sharp intake of her breath. 

Pulling the waistband of her panties down, Jamie kissed the area above her pussy. She spread her legs slightly to give him room. A moment later, her last remaining clothing came off, each using a hand to push them down her legs. As he turned over to enjoy the delicacy between her legs, she scooted over to where he had been lying. 

It was then he noticed another form lying on the other side of the bed. Jamie stopped for a moment to address his concern. A closer look up at the woman whose legs he was between revealed that this was no longer a dream about his gorgeous neighbor, but a real situation with Ella, who looked up and offered him her warm smile. A quick peripheral glance told him that Emma was asleep nude beside them. He instantly realized that his brain had assimilated Ella coming into his room into his dream about the girl next door making him believe that's who he was making love to. 

Well, his dream about whomever it was had made him horny and the next best was here, ready and willing, and the girls had certainly used him for sex so he might as well use them. Besides, it was Ella. 

Her lovely face had formed a slight frown over his pause, but as soon as his head dipped back down and his tongue touched her clit, she purred and lay back to enjoy his oral attention. 

As Jamie's tongue explored his stepsister's sweet pussy, he still thought about the girl next door, but not as though it was her pussy he was eating, although he did have a few flashes of that. But those thoughts faded as his enjoyment of Ella's delectable snatch took over and he concentrated on what he was doing. It was amazing to him that after only a month and a half or so, since that first morning that she had caught him and called him into her room and taught him how to perform oral on her that eating a pussy was so enjoyable. He was about to insert a couple of fingers to hit her G-spot, but she tugged on him, so he kissed his way back up briefly sucking each nipple. 

Ella had her own motive and she rolled him over onto his back where she positioned herself to tenderly hold his dick up so she could suck it. He let out a whispered moan wondering why his penis in a woman's mouth felt so good. Once again, he looked down and saw the neighbor girl's face going down on him. He allowed himself a moment to enjoy that vision, but quickly forced it from his mind. He didn't want to look at the girl next door as a sex object, but if a relationship developed and sex became a part of it, of course, he wouldn't turn it down. But he'd never had a real girlfriend, and if he was going to have one, he wanted it to be for all the right reasons. Aw, who was he kidding, someone as beautiful as was she probably already had a boyfriend. 

Jamie was brought back to reality as Ella's blowjob became more intense. She was going as deep as she could and using her tongue to swirl around his skin. He pulled on her leg to bring her around to straddle his face so they could do a sixty-nine. This was something they didn't do often and it was really nice being able to enjoy a sweet pussy while having his cock sucked, particularly since Ella was just the right height and their mouths and genitals lined up perfectly. It made him wonder how tall the girl next door was. It had been difficult to tell from across the way. 

Ella leaned back as though she wanted to grind herself against his face harder. Her moaning and groaning emphasized her desire. Finally, she just pivoted around and sat on his dick, rubbing her pussy against it before using her hand to guide it inside of her. "Mmmmmmmm," came out as she slowly slid it in. 

This finally awakened Emma, who turned from on her back to her side, propping her head up on her forearm. A big grin formed on her lips as she watched her sister and stepbrother fuck. 

Ella bent over so they could kiss, and when she sat back up, she saw Emma playing with her own tits. 

"Turn over," Emma whispered. 

Jamie and Ella repositioned without question. When he re-entered her, Emma pulled Ella's nearest leg back almost against her chest and Ella did the same with her other leg. Emma then scooted down so she could play with her stepbrother's dangling balls and her sister's pussy. The fucking couple moaned their delight. Emma then moved behind them. She loved to just watch his penis drilling Ella's pussy, stretching her vaginal lips wide. 

Jamie quickened his pace and fucked Ella hard. She liked it because she started breathing heavier and high-pitched sounds escaped her throat. She was sucking in air as her moans grew deeper. She reached for his ass to pull him harder to her on each in-stroke. She finally came explosively, gasping. He could have come with a few more strokes, but he knew Emma would be waiting in line. 

In fact, as soon as Jamie pulled out of Ella, Emma's mouth was on his rod instantly, sucking off her sister's juices. Ella wrangled free and rose to her knees as Jamie was so they could kiss. 

"That was fantastic, stepbrother." 

Jamie merely grinned and nodded. 

After cleaning him and giving his cock a fresh coating of saliva, Emma got on hands and knees and backed into Jamie. He instantly inserted his cock in her to fuck her doggy-style. This was not really one of his favorite positions, but they were both just looking to get off. With both arms, he wrapped them around Emma's abdomen and bent to kiss her back as he pumped away. He slid his hands up to tease her nipples. 

Ella, who was now laying on her side watching as her sister had done, reached over to play with Emma's tits also. Ella then extended her arm to toy with her sister's clit, and all of the attention had Emma coming right away. It was so intense, she couldn't hold her upper body up. When her orgasm subsided, she let her lower body drop also, leaving Jamie on his knees with his legs spread. 

Knowing her stepbrother had not yet come, Ella quickly squirmed over to suck Jamie's cock. A minute later, when Emma recovered, she moved behind Jamie on her back and inched underneath him so she could suck his balls while her sister mouthed his dick. 

This didn't happen often, particularly in these positions, and Jamie loved all of the oral attention to his genitals. After fucking both girls, he was more than ready to come, but he held out as long as he could, enjoying what they were doing. Finally, without warning, he blasted Ella's tonsils, nearly choking her. She had to let his massive load dribble out of her mouth and down her chin. 

Emma quickly scooted around to assist, taking Jamie's cock and swallowing the last couple of spurts. She then pressed her lips against her sister's so they could swap their stepbrother's jizz. With fingers, they scooped the dripping semen into their mouths until it was all gone. When done, they both giggled over their decadence. 

"You girls are incorrigible," Jamie grinned. 

"But you love it," Emma chimed. 

At the moment, he did. But it was getting tiresome. It had become just about sex . . . fucking. There was hardly any emotion anymore; there was no real lovemaking. That's what Jamie wanted. Tonight's session had started out that way, but as always it quickly became a fuckfest. 

"Can we stay here?" Ella asked. 

"Sure." It didn't mean he didn't like sleeping with two naked girls! 

* * * 

Even sleeping with the naked twins, Jamie still dreamt about the girl next door, and he woke up knowing he had to meet her. Either she would be a total turn-off and that would get her out of his system, or she would continue to be the girl of his dreams and, hopefully, would be as interested in getting to know him as he was her. Of course, it also occurred to him that she could be the girl of his dreams and not want to have anything to do with him. If that turned out to be the case, the pragmatist in him knew there was always the twins and Sally. 

Jamie decided the best time to attempt to meet the girl next door was after the twins departed for school—it was one of the days they both had classes at the same time—and before Sally returned from the gym. It was a narrow window of opportunity, but the one that would raise the least suspicion. The only possible flaw was if Sally were to return early and not find him home, particularly if his car was still there. She frequently wanted sweaty sex and a shower together. On the other hand, why should it matter to the women that he wanted to meet the new neighbors? 

As soon as the girls were gone, he got up, went to the window and pulled the shade aside just enough to peek out. The girl's window was still covered. Jamie quickly showered and dressed. Too nervous to eat breakfast, he headed for the front door, but halted, realizing he really didn't have a plan. Did he just knock on their door? What did he say? After a minute's thought, he decided to just wing it. But his second approach to leave also had him stopping. He was not a people person and wasn't sure how to interact. He fought his hesitance and became determined to push forward, so strong was his compulsion to meet the girl. 

On his third try, Jamie strode with purpose back to the front door, forcefully pulling it open, intent on going forward. But again he stopped short in his tracks. "Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah!" he screamed. 

"That's not the greeting I was expecting," the girl of his dreams quipped. 

Was it really her standing there looking amazing in short shorts and tank top, perfect cleavage poking out and a smile that could command him to perform any task? Attempting to quickly recover, Jamie said, "Sorry, I wasn't expecting anyone to be there." 

"I need to borrow a cup of sugar." 

* * * 

When she finally got out of bed in the morning, worn out from moving the day before and only more unpacking and getting settled to look forward to, Lauren resisted an urge to peek out of her temporary shade at the window next door. If the boy was watching or sitting at his desk, she wasn't sure what kind of message that would send. She was certain she—and her family—would meet the boy next door—and his family—soon enough, and then she would see what kind of guy he was. 

But after dressing in clean but similar clothes as the day before—tank top and short shorts—to comfortably work on settling in, and heading down to the kitchen for breakfast, Lauren was alarmed when her mother asked her to go next door to borrow a cup of sugar. A cup of sugar? That was the oldest cliché in the book. However, her mother assured her that their own sugar—or any other kind of sweeteners—could not be found amid the many unpacked boxes. Lauren's offer to search was refused because her dad and brother were desperate for their morning coffee. 

So, it was with great embarrassment that Lauren hesitantly took the brief walk up to the front door of the neighbor's house. She stalled for a minute, still disbelieving what she was about to ask for. Knowing she had to do it, she took a deep breath, but before she could knock, the door flew open. 

The boy in the window looked at her with fright. "Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah!" 

"That's not the greeting I was expecting," Lauren said, beginning to think he was a jerk. 

He seemed to quickly catch himself and say, "Sorry, I wasn't expecting anyone to be there." 

With all of the nerve she could muster, Lauren put on her best smile and said, "I need to borrow a cup of sugar." 

And then he burst into laughter, reaffirming her belief that he was a jerk. 

"I'm sorry," Jamie said, "That's not what I was expecting. It's so—" 

"Cliché?" 

"Or just not what you think someone really comes and asks for." 

"Don't worry. You have no idea how embarrassed I am to have to do it." 

Quickly realizing that laughing at her probably didn't make the best first impression, Jamie tried to redeem himself, by saying, "Don't be. If you need it, you need it." 

Okay. Maybe he wasn't so bad, Lauren thought. "Maybe we should start over." 

"I'd like that. Hi, I'm Jamie Womack." He extended his hand. 

Lauren accepted it and shook. "The boy in the window. I'm Lauren Folse." 

"The girl in the window. And please don't take this as anything more than the genuine compliment it is, but you are very beautiful." 

Of course, she'd heard that before, but didn't necessarily agree with it. However, there was something about this boy that made her accept it just as genuinely as he'd offered it. She almost blushed. "Thank you." 

"Please come in, Lauren, and let's see if we can find you something sweet," Jamie said, wondering where those words had come from. He didn't usually talk that way. 

"Is anyone else home? I wouldn't want to disturb—" 
