 They were stunned. Never had any one of them expected it. 

After Jamie was out of the room, Emma looked sharply at her mother. "You were quiet," she said in an accusatory tone. "You going to just let him get away with that?" 

Sally shot her daughter a stern expression. "You don't want to start in on me." 

"I'm sorry," Emma offered, realizing she'd let emotion dictate her remark. "But what are we going to do?" 

"What did you do before?" 

"You know what we did. But after we've had Jamie, that's not enough." 

"Then you might want to cut him some slack and give him some space," Sally suggested. "Let him calm down. And an apology wouldn't be out of order, either." 

* * * 

"I expected you to look happier," Lauren said as they both opened shades and blinds. She was wearing her kimono robe, again untied and obviously nude underneath. Nor was she attempting to hide anything as she sat in her chair and crossed her legs. 

"I had a disagreement with my stepsisters at dinner," Jamie informed her. 

"Oh, I'm sorry," Lauren offered, sympathetically. "Want to talk about it?" 

He shrugged, but said, "They just seem to want more out of me." 

"More, like what?" 

Suddenly, Jamie realized he had spoken without consideration of what he was saying. "Uh, just doing more for them than I should have to." 

"What did your stepmother say?" 

As he thought about her question, he realized, "Actually, she didn't say anything." 

"Maybe she just doesn't want to take sides." 

"Who knows?" He really didn't want to talk about it for fear of saying something else that he shouldn't, so he changed the subject and tried to change his mood. "But aside from that, today was the best day of my life." 

"Mine too. Jamie, I want us to have a completely honest relationship, so I want to say that you seemed very experienced for this to have been your first time, and in the spirit of honesty, I'll admit that it wasn't mine. But it was the best. And I'll leave it at that." 

"You're right, Lauren. We do need to be forthright. No, you weren't my first, but like you, there's no question that you are the best." He could see her beaming smile through the two windows. 

"Thank you. That's all I want to know. Not how many or any other details." 

"Ditto." 

"So, how will we top today?" 

"Do we have to?" Jamie wanted to know. "Just another time with you will be topping today for me, if you get what I mean." 

Lauren thought about it for a few seconds. "That just being able to do it again will be enough." 

"Yes. No matter how many times we get to do it again, some will be great, some just good and some not good at all. But it just being you, for me, will make each time worthwhile and special." 

"Why, Mr. Womack, you really know how to charm a girl," Lauren joked, mimicking a southern accent. 

"But it was genuine." 

"Of that, I have no doubt. But I'll tell you one thing, talking about it and thinking about this afternoon makes me horny." And with that, she spread open her robe exposing her tits and pussy and started rubbing her pussy. "Gonna join me?" 

Quite descriptively, Lauren narrated her favorite parts of their sex, which ended up arousing Jamie more than he thought it would. Of course, everything she mentioned he could visualize quite vividly, so the combination of her oratory, his imagination, and being able to see her beautiful face and body made their mutual masturbation more of a thrill. He was splattering his window in no time, and her orgasm followed immediately. 

* * * 

Always the more sensitive one, Sally's suggestions resonated more with Ella than Emma, enough that she went down to Jamie's room later on. Gently, she grasped the doorknob and turned, and was both surprised and shocked that his bedroom door was locked. Noiselessly, Ella placed her ear against the door but couldn't really hear anything, although she thought she might have faintly detected snoring. 

Flabbergasted, she headed straight for her sister's room, and even though the lights were out, she went in and climbed into bed with her. The movement awakened Emma, who hadn't completely fallen asleep yet. 

"I guess I couldn't be lucky enough for you to be Jamie." 

"Afraid not," Ella said. "But I did go to his room to talk to him and his door was locked!" 

Emma sprang up. "Really? Well, I guess we shouldn't be surprised. He seemed really put out before. I was trying to think if there was something we did lately that set him off." 

Ella casually reached over and fondled her sister's breast. "I couldn't think of anything, except what he accused us of." 

"I never thought we were forcing him to do anything. I mean, how can two girls like us force a big guy like him to do anything he doesn't want to?" 

"Maybe he was afraid of disappointing us or something like that," Ella suggested. 

"Who knows since he doesn't talk much about himself? He probably said more tonight than he ever has." 

"I guess we just need to do what mom said and give him space," Ella mused. "Hopefully, he'll come around." 

"I guess. In the meantime, wanna fool around?" 

* * * 

Needless to say, it was awkward around the house the next few days. Jamie kept to himself. He didn't avoid anyone, but he didn't really speak unless spoken to. The twins and Sally gave him space and didn't question him about his woes on Tuesday evening. 

Despite her seemingly careless attitude, Emma remained perplexed about her sister's report that Jamie had locked his door. As a result, on Wednesday night, she decided to check for herself, but it occurred to her that he might not lock it until he went to bed, which was well after the time Ella had made the discovery. So, Emma went earlier, just after ten. She wasn't surprised that her sister's assertion was correct and his door was locked. 

But it wasn't quiet as Ella had described. Emma could hear her stepbrother talking. She couldn't hear what he was saying or whom he was talking to, but he was definitely still awake. So, who could he be talking to? Taking a step back, she considered what she could do to hear better. In the darkened hallway, she noticed faint light coming from under his door. There was maybe a one inch gap between the bottom of the door and the carpeted floor. Would that work? 

Emma quietly laid on the floor placing her ear as close to the gap as possible. She could hear better, but still not every word; however, enough to determine that he was talking to a girl. It sounded like the kind of cutesy talk that . . . that Jamie never did. What girl could he be talking to? She was not aware of any female friends that he had. Then it dawned on her. Lauren. The girl next door. The girl he had amazingly been on two dates with. He had to be talking to Lauren. Was she having an influence on him? But how could she? They'd only known each other a few days. 

What else could it be? Why didn't he want to fuck his stepsisters anymore? 

Unless he was fucking her. 

But again, after only a few days? 

Emma had to give some serious consideration to that. She couldn't go to Ella. All she had was supposition. She needed proof. How to get it? 

Thursday night, Emma kept an eye on Jamie. He went straight to his room after helping clean up after dinner. As soon as he disappeared upstairs, she took off after him at a discreet distance. She arrived at the top of the stairs just in time to see him close the door to his room. Tip-toeing closer, she heard him set the lock and wondered if he was going to call Lauren. It was still early, and the sound of his television going on suggested he was simply going to watch something. 

Emma returned every hour on the hour. Each time, the door was still locked and the TV was still on. Finally, at ten, the television was no longer audible. With her ear to the door, she faintly heard conversation. As with the previous night, she dropped to the floor, but could not really hear much better. Apparently, they spoke in whispers. Still, she remained as long as she thought she could get away with it. After an hour, she grew tired and gave up. 

Friday night, Jamie had a date with Lauren so Emma went into his room and snooped around. There was nothing telling. Taking in the layout of his room, she noticed that his desk chair was facing the window. She stepped over to it and raised a slat in the blind. His window looked directly into a window of the house next door. She'd be willing to bet that was Lauren's room. So, they sat and looked at each other while talking on the phone, she surmised. How convenient. 

Emma wondered if she could buy one of those tiny voice activated digital voice recorders and hide it—maybe taped under his desk—and record their conversations. 

On Saturday, she did just that. Her heart pounded with anxiety as she quickly entered his room while he showered and set up the recorder. She made it out just in time. However, she outsmarted herself with her cleverness when she was finally able to retrieve the recorder the next day when Jamie was once again in the shower. The voice activated recorder had filled up its maximum three hours of recording time with television shows! Emma cursed her own stupidity over not considering that sound from the TV would activate the recorder. 

So, what next? Was she becoming obsessed with this endeavor and should she just let her stepbrother do his own thing even if it meant excluding her, Ella and their mother from anymore sex? Emma couldn't decide, but her indecision had her stalking him as she had done Thursday night. At the top of the stairs, she thought her ears had deceived her when she didn't hear him set his lock. That prompted her to approach Jamie's bedroom door and gently grasp the knob. She almost gasped when it turned. 

What to do now? If he was facing the window, he would not likely see her open it. On the other hand if she was caught, that could be bad. She halted a minute to think. She could say she was checking to see if he had maybe changed his mind and wanted to be with her again. It was logical. With a deep breath, she eased the door open a fingers width. To say she couldn't believe her eyes was an understatement and it was all she could do to keep from making a sound. 

Jamie's back was to her so her eyes were drawn to the window where the blinds were up and light was streaming in from next door. She could see the girl—Lauren, she assumed since she'd never met her—sitting in a chair facing the window, dressed only in a robe that was wide open revealing a nice set of tits—even to Emma's eyes—her legs spread, pussy quite visible and she was stroking it. And then—as if that wasn't enough, Jamie stood and dropped his pants, grabbed his cock and started whacking. 

They were having a mutual masturbation session! 

It was both exciting and . . . weird! Thinking quickly, Emma silenced her phone and held the camera lens up to the door. She took a still, and then switched to video. A few minutes later, when Jamie splattered his window with cum, she nearly burst out laughing, but managed to restrain herself. She also knew she would be tempting fate to remain here any longer so she gently closed the door and returned rapidly to her room. 

Emma closed her own door but did not lock it. She crawled under the covers in her bed for soundproofing and watched the video. It was crude given the conditions and distance, but erotic nonetheless. It also angered her that Jamie would do that with someone else. Something needed to be done about this little bitch. 

Suddenly, her covers were thrown back, exposing her. She was instantly frightened—until she realized it was her sister. 

"What the fuck are you doing?" Ella asked with a big grin. 

"Get in here," Emma commanded without thinking. 

Ella obeyed and pulled the covers back up. 

"Watch." 

Once she saw her stepbrother drop his pants, she mumbled, "What the fuck!" 

"He's cheating on us," was Emma's characterization. 

"Seriously?" Ella questioned in a doubtful tone. "He's not ours to claim." 

"Maybe not. But everything was fine until this little bitch came along. We need to do something about her." 

"Oh, come on! Something like what?" 

"Drive them apart. I mean, what kind of slut does this after only a week?" 

Ella shot her sister a look. "Don't make me answer that." 

"That was different." 

"Uh huh." 

"That's why he doesn't want to fuck us anymore." 

"We'll, that I'll grant you," Ella conceded. "But that doesn't mean we should try to break them up. That could even be worse for us." 

"Do we really want our dear stepbrother hooking up with a hussy like her?" 

"Your point is well taken. Do you have something in mind?" 

"Ideally, something that doesn't lead back to us." 

"Uh, yeah." Ella stated the obvious. 

"We'll just have to carefully consider what." 

"Right. In the meantime, run that video again. That was hot." 

And of course, it led to them doing each other. 

* * * 

There was no denying that Sally and the twins had been good to Jamie. From the time his father first introduced them there had never been any real issues. They were even more caring, considerate and understanding during his dad's illness and after he passed, even though it was nearly as great a loss for them. He felt a slight bit of remorse about blowing up a week ago. And while it had been nice not having the sex on demand with them, he was surprised that they had given in so easily; in fact, he was almost suspicious. In the past, they'd never given him any reason to question anything they did, but now, their obvious complacency was quite curious; particularly when they had previously been so aggressive when they wanted sex. 

It just made Jamie wonder why—unless Sally had restricted them. Although, she hadn't even made any overtures, either. These thoughts ran through his mind as she appeared while he was eating breakfast when he thought she would have been at the gym. He tried not to act surprised. He immediately noticed that she wasn't even wearing her workout clothes, but rather had on a short skirt and a loose-fitting, almost sheer top, and the outline of her breasts and nipples could be seen enough to notice that she wore no bra. He still couldn't help but appreciate her big tits. 

"Good morning," Sally greeted as though everything was normal. 

"Hi," he returned in kind. 

"Sorry if I messed you up this morning." 

"What do you mean?" Although he thought he knew. 

"I didn't go exercise; wasn't in the mood. I know that's when you come down to eat so you can avoid me." 

She'd figured him out. She was clever that way. "I'm not trying to avoid you," was his obvious answer. 

"Then what?" 

"I . . . I'm . . . just, uh, it's just the, uh, sex." 

"Are you going celibate on us?" 

"Celibate?" 

"It means, are you abstaining from sex?" 

"I know what it means." 

"Well? We thought you liked having sex with us. 

"I did—do." She was backing him into a corner. 

Sally realized that this was coming across as an interrogation, and that was not her intention. She softened her voice. "I'm just trying to understand, Jamie." 

"I, I have a girlfriend now and, well, I kinda feel like I should be faithful to her." 

"I see. I didn't know that. Who is she?" Though she was sure she knew. 

"Lauren. From next door." 

"Oh, of course. Okay. I guess I didn't realize it was serious." She really didn't. 

"I never had a real girlfriend before. I really like her." 

Sally knew she would have to be careful how she handled this. "I'm happy for you, Jamie. I really am. But you know, that doesn't mean you have to hide it from your family. We still love and care for you and we still want to be a part of your life and you a part of ours." 

"I want that too." 

"And yet, you seem to have shut us out." Sally was careful not to make it sound like an accusation. 

"I didn't mean to. In fact, I'm surprised all of you have left me alone." 

"Disappointed?" 

Jamie shrugged. "Surprised." 

"Well, we wanted to respect your wishes. But you know—and this might sound convoluted, but I don't mean it to—I don't think what you do with your family can really be considered unfaithful, particularly if it is contained in the family." 

Jamie thought about that for a few seconds. "You're right—" 

Sally briefly thought she was getting through to him. 

"—that does sound convoluted." 

Her balloon deflated. 

"But in a weird sort of way it also makes some kind of sense." Jamie shook his head. "I'm confused." He really was. 

"I can help you see the light, and if we really get lucky, you might see stars." 

There was an irony in this situation that Jamie instantly recognized. Here was his stepmother essentially asking him to do something for her such as any stepmother might ask her stepson to do, like take out the garbage or clean your room, except that it was to fuck her. Was there something twisted about that? On the other hand, if she was asking him to do either of those other things, he would without question. So . . . 

He did not resist as she took him by the hand and led him into her bedroom. Once there, she lifted off his shirt and with a big grin, pushed him on his back on the bed. She crawled on top of him and quickly undid his belt and pants with purpose. She then slid off the bed and pulled his pants down enough for his hard cock to spring up. It hadn't stopped flopping before she had it in her mouth devouring it like a woman possessed. She used all of her tricks, her lips forming a tight seal as her head bounced up and down, her tongue flattened against his shaft lathering it with gooey saliva. She went down all the way to her throat, but stopped there knowing she could go no further. 

For Jamie, it was thrilling feeling the top of his cock touch the back of her throat. He threw his head back and just let her have at it. 

However, just as he was relaxing to her wonderful blowjob, Sally slid back off and yanked his pants and underwear all the way off. She shed her own top and knelt up to push her skirt and panties down to her knees, and then wobbled out of it. Pressing her body against his vulgarly, she kissed him sloppily and then slid down dragging her tits against his chest and abdomen, cock and balls. There, she mouthed each testicle and licked up his rod up to where she sucked him back into her mouth. She held him at the base, and this time, concentrated on just the tip and circumcision skin, mock chewing and twisting her head from side to side. 

It was almost a dizzying experience for Jamie. He couldn't remember her giving him as intense a blowjob. 

Now, she attempted to deep throat him, but was only able to get the head down before nearly gagging. To catch her breath, Sally eased back up, mashing her lips to his in another desperate kiss. Without him even realizing it, she unobtrusively reached down and seemingly with a mere flick of her wrist aimed his cock where it slid right in to her over-secreted pussy. She fucked him at a frenzied pace. Grabbing a handful of his hair, she pulled his head up and fell over onto her back with her legs spread wide, her gaping pussy summoning him. 

She obviously wanted it hard so Jamie pushed her legs back and rammed his cock into her pussy, pumping like a piston on a race car engine. She had a crazed grin on her face. 

"Yeah, make it rough," Sally huffed between gasps. 

Jamie grinned, getting into the intensity of it. He closed her legs together, crossing her ankles, pressed her knees against her tits, used the backs of her thighs to hold onto and drove his cock in to the hilt. 

"Oh, yeah!" Sally cried. "Now, that's penetration." 

Jamie was working up a sweat, he was exerting so much energy, but he kept it up as her moans intensified. 
