 One of my many interests is writing erotic short stories. It's an enjoyable pastime that allows me to express my erotic imagination, feelings and desires and draw on my own personal experiences. I would be a liar if I said I would not like to participate in many of the encounters I write about and this story is no exception. Aspects of this story are true and I will leave it to the reader to decide which they are.

I submit my stories to an online erotic literature website and have received mostly favourably reviews and a few ardent fans. A theme I use frequently is interracial sex, particularly mature, sexually confident white women with black men. I fantasize about my own wife in these situations and it's very stimulating.

From time to time I receive e-mail comments regarding my submissions and always respond.

It began when I received an e-mail from Cindy:

"Love your interracial stories. Being a mature woman of 62 and a very busty 38HH I just dream about it. Thanks for the stories and hope you continue to write these great stories, Cindy."

For all I knew this could be the stereotypical 50 year old guy living in his parents' basement but I responded nevertheless: 

"Hi Cindy, Thanks so much for your kind words regarding my stories, I'm pleased that you like them. I've always wanted to watch my wife with a group of well-hung black men and fantasize about it a lot but she has never been interested. A mature, sexually confident white woman with black men is the horniest thing. I've been looking for such a woman for a long time. I find it exciting that a 62 year old woman like yourself finds my stories erotic, I'm 65 and have recently retired and when I'm not travelling I develop storylines. It's a relatively new hobby for me and I enjoy it very much. I would be happy to hear any ideas you may have and would turn them into stories. Thanks Again, Chuck." 

Cindy replied with this the following day: 

"Chuck I hope that you don't retire from writing! You have a great gift of the pen. And I am glad that you have retired to enjoy life. I also am retired. I have always thought about how it would be to suck a huge black cock, one or many. But I guess I haven't the nerve to do it, but I can fantasize about it. I know that my breasts which are very long and hang well past my waist with no bra on still gets a lot of attention. I wear a bra when I go out and wear blouses mostly but even with my bra on they hang just below my waist and jiggle like jelly when I walk. I appreciate the email and if you ever wanted to write about me you are welcome to. But even if that never happens please keep the stories coming. Thanks for giving me much enjoyment, Cindy."

To develop a story centred on Cindy I required more information about her so I sent this e-mail: 

"Hi Cindy, I'll develop a story for and about you so let me know a few things. So far I know you are 62 and have very large breasts. If you don't mind, please answer the following.

1. Are you married, single etc.?

2. Would you like an aggressive, submissive or neutral role?

3. Have you always had big breasts and, if so, did boys like to feel them when you were a teenager and what is your overall body type - slim, average or BBW?

4. What kinds of sex do you like?

5. Do you fantasize about a single black male or a group?

6. What turns you on - lingerie, big cocks, voyeurism, fellatio, masturbation etc.?

7. Where do you fantasize having sex?

I hope you don't mind answering these questions, it will give me the info to build a story that I hope will have you masturbating with a big black dildo. 

Rest assured that I am in no way a weirdo, just a regular, horny guy with a wild sexual imagination. Chuck."

Her reply came quickly: 

"WOW! Write a story about me - that would be great. I appreciate that so much! I am 62years old and divorced. As far as the aggressiveness I will leave that up to you since that gives you flexibility in the story. I have always had huge breasts. In high school they use to call me cow tits behind my back. And the boys would always stare at them when I was walking because they jiggle and sway. They do hang below my waist with my bra on and without, well, a little farther down. I have huge aureoles that are dark. And only a few in high school ever touched them. That was a no-no when I was growing up. As far as sex goes I have always loved giving BJ's and getting facials. I also like it in my pussy. It can be a single black man or a group. I will leave that up to you. Big cocks turn me on. Having sex, it can be where you want it to be no special place. I am average, 5'6, 38HH 28 40 with short blonde hair. I don't want to restrict you in the story you write it as your thoughts come to you. I am sure that they will enjoy unsnapping my 8 snaps in the back of my bra and letting them fall out. I have a picture of me in my profile. And I am sending you one that was taken this summer when I went to Charleston SC. I am so excited to have such a talented writer write this. Thank you so much. And you can email me anytime. Cindy."

The picture she attached was in no way pornographic but nevertheless made me very horny. It showed her in profile dressed in shorts and a top; her enormous breasts did indeed hang down to her waist. Erotic thoughts of feeling them, licking her dark aureoles and tonguing her nipples to erection raced through my mind. Here is my reply: 

"Hi Cindy, Thanks for the info, I will keep you posted on how the story is coming along. Your breasts sure are magnificent, thanks for the photo; you're making me so horny. I would like to see more if you have any. If it interests you we could continue to correspond with our erotic thoughts and fantasies. I'll tell you something about me. My wife and I haven't had sex for about ten years; she has a medical condition, a thinning of the vaginal walls. This makes intercourse impossible since it is very painful. She masturbates me and gives me an occasional blow job but doesn't really have much interest. Four years ago I met and became friends with a couple where the husband has problems following prostrate and other surgeries and great difficulty becoming or staying erect and, like my wife, other medical problems leave him with little or no interest in sex most of the time. His wife is very sexual and we have great sex once, sometimes twice, a week at their house. Most of the time he stays downstairs but occasionally he will watch and sometimes take photographs but only rarely does he join in. Some of my stories are based loosely on of our sex together. Years ago I tried to interest my wife in swinging to no avail. I still fantasize about her with well-hung black men, she is slim and a natural blonde. I would love to see her sucking black cocks and watch, from very close up, a huge black dick pumping into her pussy. Take care, Chuck." 

"Hi Chuck, I was glad to hear from you and glad that you liked my picture. I do hope that you will keep them private. I am sorry about your wife's medical condition. I know that must put a strain on you. At least she will jack you off and give you a BJ. Too bad it's not more often. I never did any swinging. I have always fantasized about how it would like to suck a hung black cock and be with someone who shoots loads of cum. I really do appreciate that you said you would write a story about me. In the story could the guys have cocks 12 inches or bigger? Get wet just thinking about it. I wear blouses most of the time just to let you know. And I like a lot of name calling in the act. I would love to correspond with you on our feelings. I am sending you another picture of me taken in SC.I hope you like it. Cindy."

The second photo was similar to the first but from a slightly different angle. Again she was clothed but her breasts hung heavy and low and I so wanted to see her naked. This was my reply, 

"Checked my e-mail about 7:30 this morning and you made me very horny again. Your photos make me instantly hard, feel free to send more, rest assured only my eyes will ever see them. I think you are a bit of an exhibitionist, am I right? It's great that you are proud of your breasts and want to show them off. You may have noticed that many of the women in my stories wear blouses; I find them erotic, especially with a very short skirt, stockings and high heels. By 'name calling' I assume you mean dirty talk while having sex - horny slut - black cock whore - that sort of thing? I already have the basic outline for your story and don't worry - you will receive a lot of 12" black cocks in your mouth, pussy and all over your fantastic tits. My wife has gone to her chiropractor and then on to the mall to shop. Your photos got me so horny I had her masturbate me before she left. I thought about standing behind you, my hard cock rubbing against your bottom. I'm naked and I fondle your tits through the blouse, the only item of clothing you are wearing. Hard nipples strain against the thin fabric. Slowly I undo the buttons while kissing your neck and nibbling your ear. Finally your braless tits fall free and I discard the blouse. I kneel in front of you and you bend over holding your beautiful breasts together and smother my face. We move to the bed and I lie between your legs tonguing your wet vagina and clit and massaging your tits. Moving up, I lick around your aureoles and bite your nipples and slip easily into you willing pussy. I ejaculated over my stomach and up to my neck. My wife commented on the force of my load and said it must have felt really good. See what you do to me. Thinking of your lovely tits is deliciously erotic, more so because you are an ordinary person like me. Take Care, Chuck."

"No I don't think that I am an exhibitionist. I just know that when I am walking in a mall or anywhere and my boobs are jiggling and swaying in my blouse that it gets a lot of attention from men. I would say that they are my best asset. And because of their size they can't help but be show off. Yes name calling during sex. That always gets me going depending on what they say. I am glad that in a little way that I am helping you Chuck get the sexual release you desire. Wow you are so good at writing. But if I had just a blouse on without my bra I can tell you that they would hang out the bottom. And you are getting me all wet now. LOL!"

Our e-mail correspondence continued in much the same vein for the next month and a half. I discovered that she lived in Toronto, about a half hour drive from me and I eventually asked if she would like to meet over a mug of coffee. She chose a Tim Horton's not far from where she lived and we met just after lunch on a Tuesday afternoon. It was raining heavily and I arrived a few minutes before her. She parked her umbrella beside the chair and loosened her jacket. I could not avoid glancing from her eyes to those spectacular breasts. Her blouse was wet in places and my hard cock strained uncomfortably against my pants as thoughts of being with her in a hot tub, a shower or outside in the rain, mauling, kissing and soaping those massive globes as she jerked me off.

As it turned out she was much more than large mammary flesh. As wonderful as they were she was also bright, funny and interesting. I realized it must be a burden to possess something extraordinary that men find so very sexual. I was seeing the whole person and I liked what I saw. Two hours flew by and it was time for us to part. I hugged her and felt her breasts pressing against my stomach then kissed her on the cheek. We vowed to meet again soon and I held the umbrella until she was safely in her car.

Two weeks later I had just emptied my mug when Cindy walked in. I got two more coffees and we chatted for a while.

"Would you like to go for a drive? I've just bought a new Cadillac I want you to see it and it's such a beautiful day for a drive," I offered.

She smiled, drained her mug and said, "Let's go."

I drove east and we were soon out of the city and in the country. I pulled into the empty parking lot at Heber Down Conservation Area and we strolled along the path beside the river. We had the place to ourselves on this quiet Tuesday afternoon and we sat beneath an old maple tree watching hatchling trout dart about in the river below. I ventured an arm around her waist and caressed her hip. She tilted her head onto my shoulder and turned to me. Our lips met and my tongue entwined passionately with hers. She lay back and we continued to kiss as my left hand caressed her enormous right breast. I pinched and pulled on the nipple and felt it harden through her blouse and bra. Her hand rubbed my crotch and excitedly tugged at my belt and zipper freeing my erection. I unbuttoned her blouse and unhooked her bra and stared in amazement at her massive, beautiful tits. I mauled them, squeezed them together and kissed them as she jerked my hard cock. I pushed her skirt up and removed her panties. She opened her legs and I fondled the patch of blonde pubic hair, slowly moving over her slightly parted labia and coming to rest on her erect clitoris. She began to move her hips and moan the moment I stimulated it and three fingers slid easily into her moist vagina. I straddled her chest and she lifted her breasts up around my cock and it was lost in the giant mounds as I thrust up and down. My fingers were still busy in her pussy and she spread her legs wide making my access easier. 

"Fuck me," she panted, "fuck me."

I was certainly more than ready and I moved down between her legs and mounted her. It was a frantic few minutes of wild, very excited intercourse. My face buried in her tits added to my arousal and we climaxed almost simultaneously. I felt the hot flood of her orgasm on my cock and ejaculated a heavy load inside her. We lay there for a while chatting, kissing and petting each other then headed back to the car. A date was made for dinner at her place the following week.

On Friday night I made my regular visit to Laurie and Phil, the couple I mentioned in one of my e-mails, and told them about Cindy. They were intrigued by my descriptions of her huge breasts and suggested I bring her along the following Friday.

Cindy turned out to be a terrific cook and we had wonderful evening filled with good food and wine in an atmosphere of sexual excitement. I stayed the night and sex was more controlled than our first time, lasting well into the early hours. We showered together, fondling her soapy breasts made me incredibly horny and she soon had me hard again. She bent over and I lathered her behind and pussy with soap. Her huge tits almost touched the bottom of the bathtub and I just stood and admired the wonderful view for a while, then entered her. We went to bed and I lay behind her on my side and fell asleep with my cock inside her and a hand over her breasts. After breakfast we began fondling one another as we washed the dishes and went back to the bedroom for another lengthy session of foreplay followed by intercourse. I asked her about a visit to my friends and she accepted immediately, adding with a laugh, "I'm interested to meet, 'the other woman'."

I picked Cindy up on Friday and we drove to Laurie and Phil's. Cindy wore a tight top that her giant tits strained to the limit and I couldn't resist feeling them occasionally as we drove along the 401. She unzipped my pants and took my dick out, there was no chance of other drivers seeing anything through the dark tinted windows of the Caddy and she leaned over and tongued my erection.

Laurie and Phil were duly impressed with Cindy's chest endowment and said I hadn't exaggerated their magnificence in the least. We sat in the kitchen and chatted for a while.

"Let's go upstairs and get changed," Laurie suggested to Cindy and off they went. Laurie likes to dress in erotic lingerie so I had asked Cindy to bring something sexy and she picked up her travel bag and followed Laurie up the stairs.

"Phew, you weren't joking," Phil said, "they're absolutely massive. Sure wish I could join in the fun but physically and mentally I'm just not there. I'll watch and take some photos."

I sympathized with him. As mentioned before Laurie is a highly sexual person who enjoys a lot of physical attention and loves sex. For most of the time he had no interest in sex, either physically or mentally. He usually stayed downstairs in the family room and watched TV leaving Laurie and me alone. There are times when he will sit and watch us for a few minutes or join us in the hot tub and comment how much he liked to see Laurie enjoying herself sexually. On the rare occasion when he joined us it started with him wanting to take photos. This sometimes indicates he will join us and Laurie will jerk him off or gives him a blow job during his brief and weak erection but his climax is internal and referred to as a, 'French ejaculation.' During these infrequent bouts of sexual desire he is quite vocal, especially just prior to ejaculation. Quite often Laurie is on her hands and knees sucking his cock and I'm fucking her from behind when he calls out, "Fuck the slut, fuck her hard and deep. She likes everything you do to her...give it to her...fuck her pussy hard."

Laurie has told me that the only time he ever shows any interest in sex is when he decides to watch us first. He likes to see his wife being fucked and when the stars happen to be in alignment for him he joins in but it's a rare event. 

The ladies came downstairs and into the kitchen. Laurie looked ravishing as usual wearing what she knew was my favourite type of lingerie, half-cup bra, garter belt, thong, stockings and stilettos all in black. Cindy wore a bustier that pushed her expansive breasts up and out, they still hung down to her was but the look was highly erotic. Stockings, thong and stilettos completed her outfit.

They paraded about the kitchen for us and Phil took pictures. I placed two chairs side by side in the centre of the room. The ladies sat down and fondled their tits as Phil took a few pictures and I stripped off, sat back in my chair and played with my hard cock. Cindy's hand moved between her legs and rubbed the thin material covering her pussy. Laurie leaned across and fondled Cindy's giant tits and pulled on the nipples. I walked over and straddled Cindy's chair allowing Laurie to lift her tits up and rub them all over my cock. The mounds of soft flesh caressed my hard-on and tickled my balls in a most sensual way. I knelt in front of the chairs and the ladies lifted and spread their legs. They pulled their thongs aside and I was treated to the inviting site of their naked pussies. Laurie's was shaved and her arousal had already dampened her thong. Cindy's labia were still open slightly following her fingering, the trimmed blonde bush sitting just above her erect clitoris. I rubbed both clits and inserted a thumb into each vagina. The ladies fondled their own tits and Phil buzzed about taking photos. I had them kneel on the chairs with their tits hanging over the backs. Laurie's 36DD's were dwarfed by Cindy's gigantic breasts that hung most of the way down the chair back. Phil continued to take photos as I mauled both sets of tits then I moved around and fondled their behinds and pussies. My dick throbbed as I entered Laurie and pumped into her while fingering Cindy. I changed over and fucked Cindy then alternated back and forth two or three more times.

Laurie suggested we go up to the bedroom and, as always, I watched her climb the stairs as Cindy stroked my cock then she went up and my eyes flashed from her ass and pussy to her swaying tits. Phil photographed us in various combinations on the bed until Laurie jerked me off all over Cindy's tits.

Later the four of us sat around the kitchen table and I mentioned that Cindy had always wanted to suck and get fucked by a big black cock but had never had the nerve to do it.
