 Saturday was a picture perfect day. Upper 80's, sunny, comfortable humidity, and a gentle breeze that helped cool the hot sun. It was about 2 o'clock and I was relaxing out on my favorite lounge chair by the pool. One of the reason I bought the house was the pool. At thirty years of age I was making good money and was tired of living the apartment life. The only minus was most of the neighbors were in their fifty's or older.

There was one couple that had a granddaughter that visited in the summer. I was away when she visited last summer. Last time I seen her she was a skinny pimple face kid. She was now eighteen and would be starting college in the fall. I told her grandparents she was always welcome to swim in my pool.

As I was reading the email that I printed out that morning I was thinking of Miriam. 

She would send me her stories before she posted them on literotica.com. She told me that if her stories made my cock hard then she knew it was a good story and needed posting on the site. I was her guinea pig and I didn't mind it at all. Reading her stories I would get lost in a fantasy world. Thinking of having her hot wet pussy wrapped around my cock, her long red hair flowing across my chest as she drove my nine inches deeper into her burning pussy. 

I was fixing to take my cock from my swim suit to masturbate when I heard the back gate open and a sexy female voice saying, "Hi, Mr. Davis do you mind if I lay out by your pool and get some sun"?

When I looked up I seen a goddess dressed in a revealing string bikini. 

It was Little Cindy. To say I was immediately shocked would be an understatement. Just looking at this young woman could melt even the coldest of hearts. I was so taken by her beauty, and by her overly revealing outfit, that I just sat there wordless. I must have had a strange look on my face, because Cindy immediately asked if she was doing something wrong by coming over to swim. I replied, "my casa is your casa, you are always welcome here". 

Since the last time I seen Cindy, she had filled out in all the right places.

I couldn't resist telling her how ravishing she was. Cindy got a little red, but had a sultry look in her eyes, and gave me a sexy smile as she proceeded to lie down in the chair next to me. I told Cindy she was, without a doubt, the most beautiful girl I had ever had the pleasure of gazing upon. And gazing upon was right, I could not stop my eyes from filling up with her beauty, they took prolonged exposures of her very ample young breasts. I am sure Cindy noticed my stare, but then I noticed her eyes had locked onto my semi-engorged asset. I immediate realized I better get my mind on something else besides this beautiful young angel next to me. 

Seeing Cindy new mature body was getting me hot. I needed a drink to cool down. I got up and asked Cindy if I could get her something to drink. A cold wine cooler would be great, was her response. I explained that she was a little to young for that, but I could make her some kool-aid if she liked. She said, "No thank you", again giving me that look of hers, "a wine cooler would do just fine, and anyway my parents let me drink them all the time". I said, "OK, but just one". I didn't want her getting drunk and drowning in my pool. 

When I returned from inside with our drinks, Cindy had rolled over on the lounge. She told me to sit her drink on the table, and asked me to rub some lotion on her back. Hesitantly I picked up the bottle of lotion and gently squeezed a fair amount onto her lower back. I very quickly rubbed it around then started to sit down.

Cindy, acting upset with me, turned and said that I had missed most of her back and totally forgotten her legs and arms. She then lay back down waiting for me to finish what I had started. As she was lowering herself onto the lounge, she reached back and undid her bikini top, allowing the strings to fall to the side. Get all of my back this time, she told me. I was again feeling very uneasy with this situation, and my cock was reacting to the visual stimulation I was experiencing. Careful to position myself so my condition was not seen, I proceeded to spread the lotion all over her sexy body. I started at her shoulders and worked my way down her sides, gently touching the sides of her firm mounds as I worked down to her ass. All the time I was massaging the lotion onto her she was quietly moaning every time I got near any part of her body that was sensitive. When I reached her ass, I stopped just shy of it, Cindy looked up at me and said to please spread the lotion everywhere, she didn't want a burnt butt. Her beautiful, well-rounded, ass was barely covered at all by any material. I did as I was told and worked the lotion into her fantastic butt. My cock was now harder than it had ever been, I couldn't let her see what she was doing to me. I then squeezed some lotion onto her thighs; she immediately spread them apart so I could do my job. As my hands worked her upper thighs, pulling at the tight skin leading to her precious young cunt, she began moaning loud and grinding herself into the chair. I didn't know if I could take anymore of this, I just wanted to rip off her bikini bottoms and fuck her like I knew she wanted. My cock was sticking out the top of my suit; if she turned and looked I would be caught. Maybe I was right and she wanted me like I wanted her, but maybe she would start screaming and yelling rape! I didn't know what I should do.

But Cindy knew what to do, knew what she wanted. Figuring she had me ready to burst, she reached to her sides and undid her bikini bottom. I was now so horny for this little vixen that I thought I would die of a stroke if I didn't fuck her right now. 

Cindy rolled over, leaving her suit behind; she was without a doubt the most perfect example of a female I had ever seen. I was in heaven! She looked at me and said," I guess I got you ready enough, are you going to fuck me or just stand there gawking"! 

I'd been had, seduced beyond control. A hard dick has a mind of it's on and it had control. I pulled her up and said, "let's go inside".

I lead her to my bedroom. As I laid her down we embraced in our very first overwhelmingly passionate kiss. It was better than most orgasms I've had. She was unbelievable! Cindy was on her back. She spread her legs apart and asked me again to please fuck her.

Looking down at her young body was making my cock hard as a virgin groom on his wedding night. I told her, "I want to make love to you".

She smiled and opened her arms to me. I wasn't going to engage in fore play at this point, I needed to be in her. As my lips met with hers, my overly erect cock found the entrance to what it so much needed. Slowly I sank into her extremely wet, silky smooth depths. I was able, despite her tightness, to get my entire 9" into her with only 3 strokes. Slowly, but with rapidly increasing tempo, we proceeded to match our body's motions. Faster and faster I drove myself into her. Cindy was moaning as her juices were flowing down my shaft, drowning my nuts. As I was pounding her young pussy with my massive cock she begun having her first of many orgasms. She was letting out little moans as her hot juices were squirting from her tight young pussy. If this was her first time you could not tell it. She was fantastic, moving her body to match my every stroke. Wrapping her legs tight around my body. Using them to push my body deeper into her warm tunnel of love. She knew how to use her tongue inside my mouth, matching the strokes of my cock pounding deeper and faster inside of her. 

I wanted so much to fill her with my seed, and I could feel it wasn't going to be long before that came true. The head of my cock began to enlarge, as it does right before I explode. Cindy feeling this began telling me to cum, begging me to cum, begging me to let my sperm fill her. I exploded, my balls were forcing cum out of my cock with more pressure than I had ever experienced. Spurt after spurt of my milky white sperm flowed into Cindy. She started screaming, she was cumming again, and she did, with the most intense orgasm I ever gave a woman. After every drop of sperm in my body had flowed into hers, I collapsed onto her. We stayed, joined together until finally my cock slipped from within her.

We spent the rest of that summer seeing each other every weekend. She would tell her Grandmother that she was working on her tan. When in fact we were working on other things. By the end of the summer she was a connoisseur of drinking my cum. She loved the 69 position having us both cum at the same time. It always drove her over the edge and then she begged me to fuck her with my big pole. She would not let me do anal. She told me, "all good things cum to those who wait"; she wanted to save something for when she returned next summer. In my eyes that summer Cindy was not a child but a woman.