 After I hired Cindy, as my new secretary, and I got to know her better, my whole outlook on work changed. I looked forward to arriving at the office each day, just to see what she was wearing and what new tricks she had planned.

About a week after our first sexual marathon in the office, I arrived for work at the usual time. I found Cindy sitting at her desk, doing her morning paperwork. She was sitting so I could only see her top, which was a very lovely white blouse. The first four buttons were undone, so I could see she was not wearing a bra underneath. I smiled at her, g-d she has lovely deep blue eyes. I sat down and she asked if I wanted a cup of coffee. I said of course I do, knowing full well, she would have to show me what else she was wearing. She turned in her chair and I looked up her short skirt and saw her shaved pussy lips. She smiled and stood and went to the coffee bar.

She returned a few minutes later with two cups of coffee. Sitting mine down on the desk, she walked around it to stand in front of me. "They only had enough cream for yours," she said as she kneeled between my legs. She smiled at me and opened my pants, pulling my rapidly hardening cock free. She licked her lips and then sucked my cock between her red lips. Now I have had my share of great blowjobs, but Cindy was a pro at sucking cock.

She licked the head and then began to bob her head up and down, letting her lips and tongue slide over my hard cock. She reached up and played with my balls as she increased sucking my cock into her mouth and throat. I gripped the arms of my chair and let her work her magic mouth on my cock. Sucking and licking she sucked my cock deep into her throat, using her throat to milk my cock. I moaned loudly and she knew I was close. Just then the phone rang. Damn I thought to myself, as Cindy pulled her mouth off my cock and answered the phone. 

I heard her say, "I believe he is cumming right now." She placed the phone on hold and swallowed my cock, I came instantly and she sucked and swallowed all I had to give. After sucking my cock clean, she stood, lifted the phone and punching the button, said, "Thank you for waiting. Yes, he just came," and handed the phone to me.

I cleared my throat and answered. The caller was not important, but as I talked with the caller, Cindy moved to her desk and sat on the edge. She wiggled her skirt up her legs and opened them for me. I watched as she moved her hand between her legs and open her wet pussy lips. She slid two fingers between puffy shaved lips and closed her eyes. I watched, trying to concentrate on the caller, as she played with her pussy. She fucked herself with her fingers as then pulling them from her pussy, opened her lips with one hand and played with her hard clit with the other.

I told the caller, I had an emergency, and hung up the phone. I did not really lie, but did not state the nature of the emergency. I moved to Cindy and dropped to my knees. She placed one leg over my shoulder and around the back of my head and pulled my face into her sopping pussy. I immediately began to lick and suck her lips and hard clit. She inches forward a little and as I lapped at her sweet pussy, I moved two fingers into it. Finger fucking her as fast as I was licking and sucking her clit. When my fingers were coated with her juices, I removed one and pushed it straight and deep between her ass cheeks. She moaned loudly as she felt my fingers enter her ass, shoving my tongue between her pussy lips, she started to cum. G-d this woman could cum. I lapped and sucked her sweet nectar as she came all over my face and tongue and fingers. Her leg rapped around my neck pulled me tighter into her pussy, almost cutting off my air. Finally, she stopped cumming and let me free. 

I stood and laughed, leaned into her and kissed her deeply. She sucked my tongue into her mouth and sucked her juices from my tongue. Moving her hands to my head, she licked my face until she had removed all her juices. She then kissed me again and as we started to move we heard a knock on the door. Cindy smoothed her skirt down her lovely legs and went to open it. As she walked to the door, I wiped my face with a napkin and sat at my desk. 

The caller was one of my female security guards. She asked a few questions then seemed to grasping for a reason to stay in the room. She chatted on about something that made no sense to me at all. Then she looked at Cindy and smiled. Excusing herself she got up and left. I am sure she could smell Cindy's scent in the room and I asked Cindy if she though she suspected anything. Cindy smiled and said, " I know I would, if that was me. I can ask her about it if you like." I answered that I would like to know what she thought was going on, before she started nasty rumors. Cindy said she would talk with her before she went home. 

It was difficult returning to work, but somehow we managed for the rest of the day. I got a call from the General Manager late in the day and told Cindy I would be back soon and hoped she would stay. She smiled and said she would as I left for my meeting.

The meeting lasted about 45 minutes and I walked back to the office, hoping Cindy was going to "work late" tonight. As I neared the office, I saw that the others who worked around my office had gone for the day. I smiled and unlocked my office door. Opening it, I saw Cindy sitting in her chair, her head thrown back and Laura, the female security guard from earlier in the day, kneeling between her legs, licking and sucking her pussy. I startled only Laura, who tried to pull her head away from Cindy's sweet pussy. Cindy had other ideas and pulled Laura's head back between her legs.

I moved and sat on the edge of my desk and watched. Laura's dress was bunched up around her waist and her panties were on the desk. I can only assume that Cindy tasted her before Laura returned the favor. Cindy was moaning as Laura licked and sucked her pussy. I guessed that this was not Laura's first time, licking a shaved pussy. Looking at Cindy, I moved my hands to open my pants and remove my hard cock. Cindy smiled as I knelt behind Laura and lifted her ass into the air. Laura did not protest and moved to her knees and opened her legs slightly. 

Holding my cock in my hand, I rubbed the head up and down Laura's wet pussy and without warning, shoved it deep into her. A mouth full of Cindy's pussy muffled her screams of passion. Damn Laura had a tight pussy. I felt it give way as I pushed deep into her. Holding her hips I began to fuck her, slowly pulling my cock out until just the head was between her wet lips and pushing in deep. Laura was licking and sucking Cindy, while moving her ass back and forth as I drove my cock into her. After what seems like an hour, I heard Cindy cumming. Laura licked and sucked harder as Cindy came. I continued to fuck her tight pussy, faster and faster. I was close and when I said I was going to cum. Cindy pushed Laura away from pussy and pulled her off my cock. Cindy fell on all fours and took my cock into her mouth. She sucked me deep and that was I ever needed. I started to cum over and over. Laura sat there, watching as I came deep into Cindy waiting mouth and throat.

When Cindy had licked me clean of, my cum and Laura's pussy juice, she sat on her knees. Smiled and said " I told you I would take care of Laura." I looked to Laura and knew this was not the first time they had tasted each other. I smiled at Laura, sitting almost naked on the floor of my office, and smiled. Laura bent over at the waist and kissed the head of my cock, sucking it just a little bit before she turned to Cindy and said, "Damn, cousin, you always get the good ones." 

Later that month, I rented a large house, just outside of the city in which we worked and all three of us lived together until I was transferred to another property. As I said earlier, I heard Cindy was moving here next month, I just hope her cousin comes with her.