 She wakes, alone, same as she does every day at 9am. Stretches in bed, luxuriating in the warmth beneath the covers, enjoying the indulgence of her naked skin against the softness of the sheets. Idly reaching down the length of her body, fingers grazing across her nipples, running down between her thighs, she finds herself already wet there. She decides to shower, rises from the bed and walks naked to the bathroom. Feeling the hot water run down her body is soothing and arousing, as she soaps herself all over, again sliding her hand between her thighs to her pussy, directing a warm jet of water against her clitoris, rubbing herself and leaning back against the shower tiles. She is close to coming, but decides at the last moment...not yet....allows the tension to build.

She dresses for her day out, a long ornate gypsy skirt which swirls around her full bare thighs and bum, no panties, a low cut tight fitting t shirt which hugs her large breasts, leaves her long dark hair hanging loose around her shoulders, applies a bit of eyeliner to her dark eyes, and sets out for the city.

She's used to men watching her as she walks down the city street, sometimes following her, this excites her and gives her a feeling of power. She walks past a group of road workers whose heads turn in her direction..."hey baby, nice tits" She knows this offends some women but not her, she loves being watched by them, imagining them later stroking their hardons while they think of her ample ass and tits, coming in her honour.

Deciding to see a film, she buys a ticket, it's something that's been showing for a while, a French erotic thriller of some kind. The girl at the counter barely glances at her while she hands over her money. The place is almost deserted, just the girl at the counter and a tall, dark featured man with dark intense eyes taking tickets at the door. She hands her ticket to him and he takes it from her, brushing her hand gently as he hands her the stub. She hold his gaze for a moment and enters the cinema.

Taking a seat near the back, she sees the theatre is almost empty save for a couple down the front. The film opens with a man and a woman having a passionate fondle in a darkened apartment, his hands down her shirt and her hand inside his pants, reminiscent of teenage fumblings. She smiles as this scene arouses memories in her, feeling warmth and an achy tingling surge around her pussy as she watches.

The door opens to the back of the theatre, she doesn't turn to see who enters but becomes conscious of a person sitting directly behind her. As the couple on the movie screen become more passionate with each other, she feels warm breath on her neck. The breath is synchronised with her own, she feels it hasten and deepen in time with hers. She feels the person..a man...behind her is directly behind her now, feels his breath stir her hair, can feel its warmth on her neck. She freezes as she feels a hand on her shoulder, reaches her hand to her shoulder to touch it.

As if taking this as an invitation the man hops across the seats to sit next to her. She still can't seem to move, stares straight ahead at the screen which now contains the actors engaged in a full throttle 69. The man seated beside her lifts the arm of the chair, she doesn't stop him. She now feels his breath insistently against her neck, feels his lips biting at her ear lobe now, kissing and sucking her there. She takes in her breath sharply, feels her body responding to his barest of touch, knows she should stop him but can't for the life of her bring herself to act. 

He continues to kiss her neck, one hand moves to her breast, finds her nipple, encircles and begins to squeeze and roll it. As if there's an invisible cord tugging her clit responds, she feels a rush of warmth to her pussy, feels it becoming wet and open to this stranger's caresses. He reaches for her shirt and lifts it, lifts her bra and takes her nipple into his mouth, she still hasn't seen his face, knows only the sheer pleasure of his mouth on her body, turns to him and arches her body to receive him. His hand reaches under her skirt, and oh god, up her thigh and to the outer lips of her now raging pussy. She feels him sigh as he feels how wet she is, finds the opening and plunges a finger inside. She's sliding down the seat now, only feeling his touch on her and the ecstasy it brings.

"Oh God, you're so fucking sexy", that's what he says, and she can't speak, she's so lost in the sensations of his hands in her pussy his mouth sucking her nipples swirling and biting and sucking them, she feels the tension building harder and harder as he rubs her clit and finger fucks her alternately, harder and faster, until her pussy contracts in orgasm against his pumping hand. She collapses there for a moment, trying to push his hand away, but he's relentless, won't move from there, still exploring her inner lips and enjoying her delicious wetness and heat. She has to see his cock now, and he doesn't object as she reaches over to unzip it from his pants. She reaches inside for it, it's hot and throbbing, he moans softly as she squeezes and strokes it, reaches underneath to find his swollen balls, caresses them while he kisses her, her eyes always closed, never looking into his. She leans down and takes his cock into her mouth, it fills her completely, tastes the pearly drops already dripping from the head, swirling it in her mouth, gently using her teeth, feeling the head against the roof of her mouth, savouring its hardness, pumping it with her hand as he now holds her hair, caressing her breasts. She doesn't know if they're being watched, doesn't care, is only aware of him and his body, not even aware of time or place anymore.

His cock is fantastic, in the light of the flickering movie she can see the huge hardness of it, it's purple and heavily veined, but she can't look at his eyes, wants to remain a stranger. He's shuddering and with some moaning and struggling he lifts her head from him, saying "I want to fuck you, now"...she says yes, I want that too. Facing away from him she lifts her skirt, straddling his thighs and lowers herself onto his cock. It slides in so easily, she's so wet. They moan together in pleasure, she controlling the movement from above, he grasping her hips and bum, now and then moving his hands to her breasts, fucking her so hard, the walls of her pussy gripping his hard cock as she pumps up and down on top of him, feeling him grind into her, frantically running his hands over her body, now and then gently sliding a finger into her ass, kissing her back, squeezing her nipples, oh God for her it's a dream come true, this faceless loveless fuck, the most amazing fuck she's ever had for its sheer anonymity, she is loving this and doesn't want it to stop... she feels him shudder and groan in time with her own pussy which is shuddering and coming as she rubs her clit in time with his thrusts. She feels him pump one last time as his hot cum hits the walls of her pussy and drips down with her juices on both of them.

They stay that way for a few moments, if there were people in the theatre before they certainly managed to get rid of them. She can't believe what's just happened, but the still hard evidence of this encounter is still inside her body. She manages to raise herself off him, he kisses her ass as she stands, and she lowers her skirt, readjusts her bra and shirt and walks out, hearing him say "wait...", but she doesn't stop... still not having seen his face.

As she walks into the deserted lobby, no sign of anyone except now the desk girl, the attendant gone, she decides to go into the bathroom and make herself decent, cleans herself up in there. She looks at her reflection, smudged makeup, but her eyes are blazing, her cheeks are flushed, as is her neck and chest, her hair is wild and so is her expression. Her pussy is already aching with the memory of him.

She leaves the bathroom and notices that the attendant is back at the entrance to the cinema. She stops, looks at him..he looks back at her. The stand there for a moment, just looking at each other. He smiles..."Next week they're showing Italian films...if you're interested". She says "Yes..." and pausing with a smile "I think I will be back here this time next week".