 Leaning back on the couch I was admiring the view around me. My apartment was in the middle of the city and the lounge room had floor to ceiling windows and at this time of night the view was amazing, the city in lights.

It had been a stressful day at work and I was looking forward to a peaceful night on my own with a glass of wine. I was still on the couch when I must have dozed off. I began to awaken to the feeling of hands running up my stocking covered legs stopping at my thighs under my skirt. I felt his hands come out from under my skirt then move up and unbutton my shirt all the way down. He kissed me between my breasts where my skin swelled out of my black lace bra. I moaned in pleasure. 

His hands returned to my thighs, I could feel him start to move his fingers, slipping under the lace top of my stocking between my legs, then moving up to my crotch. I opened my eyes and he moved up so he was face to face with me and kissed my deeply. He moved his hands to grab mine and stood, pulling me to my feet at the same time. He slipped my shirt down my arms so it fell to the floor, then he unzipped my skirt and I stepped out of the puddle on the floor. I was now standing only in my underwear – bra, g-string and stockings all in black lace, not forgetting my stiletto boots! 

He led me into the bathroom which was lit by candles and where there was a bath full of bubbles waiting for me. He must have filled it when I was asleep on the couch. He turned me so I was facing him and he slowly finished undressing me. I noticed his erect cock straining against his pants. He undressed himself so he too was naked. He took one of my hands and led me into the bath. One of the things that attracted me to this apartment besides the views was the oversized tub big enough for two. I was standing in front of him when he guided me to sit between his legs. 

I leant back on his chest and he wrapped his arms around me. I closed my eyes and let my body relax into him. He picked up the soap and started to wash my stomach in smooth caresses. He moved and started lathering my breasts with his soap covered hands. I could feel his cock getting harder against my back – it was great he was enjoying this as much as me. He started just concentrating on both my nipples, lightly tugging at them, caressing them gently then upping the pressure as my body responded to him. 

He then moved his hands down to my pussy, slowly moving his hands down my bare skin. He traced over my clit then slid his fingers deep inside me. My body shuddered in response. My body buried itself into his as he continued to work me, I was aching, wanting more when he removed his fingers from inside me. He put his hands down beside me, between his legs and my arse and manoeuvred them underneath me. He lifted me up, pulled his legs together and lowered me onto him, impaling me with pleasure as his cock entered me, strongly and deeply.

He put his hands on my shoulders and pushed me forward, this enhanced the sensations running through my body as his cock went deeper. He positioned me so he could thrust in and out of me, I moved my hand down to my pussy to increase the pleasure. The water lapped around our bodies as we moved in unison, the heat from the bath added to the heat that was rising through my body. He moaned out in pleasure, my body rocked with his and our bodies came together. We both collapsed back, him against the bath and me into him.

We lay together relaxing, enjoying each others company, catching up on the previous week. The water started to cool – it was time to get out. He got out first, took hold of my hand to help me out then wrapped me in one of my oversize king size towels. He told me to stand still. I watched him dry himself off – I enjoyed watching him naked. His body was compact but muscular, the definition on just his arms spread warmth through my body. After he had finished he dropped his towel to the floor, walked over and started to dry me. 

He was gentle and attentive. Careful with every part of my body, he dried me completely and occasionally biting, licking and kissing as he pleased. It was an erotic experience that was making my knees buckle and my body started to ache and my pussy swell. I was feeling insatiable.

I wanted him again – I wanted it slow, sensual, selfish and endless. I placed my hand in his and lead him to my bedroom. The view in the bedroom was as spectacular as the lounge. I loved to sleep in this room with the blinds open. Looking at the city lights as I slipped into my dream filled sleep. He lay in the middle of the bed propped up by the tonnes of pillows I had there. He smiled at me standing at the edge of the bed. 

I slowly crawled onto the bed stopping when my face was just below his knees. I moved is legs apart and knelt between. I stuck out my tongue, licked my lips, leant down and slowly licked up the inside of his thighs, stopping before I reached his centre. The centre of his thoughts, fantasies and dreams. I moved my body over his lightly touching flesh to flesh until my face was directly over his. I kissed him on the mouth, my tongue entering his mouth teasing and playing. When he pushed his tongue into my mouth I lightly sucked giving him a taste of what was to come.

His hands were caressing my back, mine were on his face as we were enjoying the moments of just kissing, feeling skin to skin. The want was building in my body, my skin was tingling. I decided it was time for the pleasure and pain to begin. My hands were on the bed with my weight on them so I was only lightly touching his body with my breasts. My nipples were hard from the sensation. I started to move lightly licking down the side of his neck, onto his chest. 

I moved over to his arms and scraped my teeth along the surface of his skin, from here I made my way down to the side of his torso, this was a part of his body which gave him a lot of pleasure along with a whole lot of torture. I loved concentrating on this part of his body, he squirmed under my touch, hating and loving all at once. When I could see he could take no more I started kissing the front of his stomach. Moving down towards his cock, which was not showing the full extent of the pleasure I was giving him.

I knew I could easily fix this. I moved my tongue down his body, used my hands to move his cock out the way and licked all around the base. Moving my mouth all around the skin at the base of his cock was driving him crazy, he moved his hand so it was holding my head, trying to guide me to where he wanted. I would get there soon enough but I enjoyed the tease. Time was precious and I was going to savour every moment, every taste. 

I continued my assault on his body, kissing down his thighs and then biting them as I travelled back towards his cock. Which is where I was about to turn my attention. I got back on to my knees between his legs and ever so lightly licked up from the crease between his balls all the way to the tip of his cock, which had a drop of precum waiting for me to taste. I moaned in pleasure at the taste of him. He wasn't fully hard yet, though on the way so I slowly placed my mouth over all of him, using my tongue to play with him. I moved up and down over his shaft pulling back the skin of his cock with my teeth. I felt his back arch and arse tighten under my spell of seduction. 

I enjoyed feeling him harden under the touch of my lips. I was teasing the tip of him with my teeth lightly scratching him, using my hand to increase his pleasure. I moved my head around so my mouth was over the side of his cock. I ran my teeth and tongue up and down the side of him, slowly, seductively. My mouth was firm around him, owning him. Every touch was mine, I had him in my possession, under my control. I could start as quick as I could stop. It amazes me that something that men hold so dear to them is the one thing that makes them the most weak. I was now licking all over his cock, occasionally taking all of him into my mouth.

I could feel his balls tighten. His body tensed and his hand became more forceful on my head, pulling my hair in the heat of the moment. He pulled me down hard over his cock. Moving me up and down increasing his sexual pleasure. Then with a jolt of his hips he exploded into my mouth, he filled it, his taste ran down my throat. I hungrily swallowed. He went limp under me and relaxed into the feelings flowing through his whole body. I rested myself onto him and just watched him enjoy the aftermath.

After he regained his composure I could see in his eyes he still had more to give. But first I needed to eat. I went to the kitchen put together a plate of food including cheese, bread, ham and tomatoes; I grabbed a bottle of champagne and some beers and went back to the bedroom. We lazed around on the bed eating, drinking and talking. After we'd had enough food and drink we lay back on the bed continuing to talk and enjoy the view. He rolled on to his side towards me and started to slowly trace his fingers over my body. The lightest touch over the most sensitive of places. My body moved towards his hand encouraging it to my most pleasurable places.

He got up and lay between my legs, his tongue licking possessively over my pussy. His full tongue not missing a spot, I cried out in pleasure. He started to concentrate just on my clit with his tongue, circling, tugging with his teeth. I was completely lost to him when I felt him fill me with his fingers, moving them in and out of me. My body was screaming. I was aching for him. The intensity of his tongue concentrating on the one spot was tipping me over the edge. I could hear someone screaming in the distance – I knew it was me but it sounded so far away. I was spinning out of control. The pressure was building, the pain was intense, my body wouldn't let go. The tenderness of his touch was agony, the waves through my body were increasing then it happened, my body bucked, I screamed his name, he pushed his hand hard down on my pussy as I pulled my legs together and the orgasm ripped through my body like I had never felt before. Over and over my body quivered against his hand. Finally my body fell into the bed in exhaustion. 

When he could see I had partially recovered he asked me to take him in my mouth. I sat up and he knelt beside me. I used my talented mouth to make him hard again. My mouth took him hungrily. When he was hard he asked me to lie back, he lifted one of my legs in the air, with the other flat on the bed and then he entered me – hard. I could feel the pressure building in him. He was going to cum again soon, which was fine with me, my body was also ready. He continued to thrust and my body bucked to meet his, he was getting deeper and harder with every motion, after a short time our bodies came in unison. 

We both collapsed back on the bed smiling. Our bodies spent. We organised ourselves and returned to bed to get some sleep. Both smiling as we knew that in a few hours one of us would wake to be satisfied all over again.