 Gina

"Forget it! I'm done."

The door slammed in Trent's face as his parents looked on from the couch. Their son had just come running out of his bedroom chasing his girl, Gina.

"What the hell was that about, boy?" His Dad asked.

"I can't talk about it!" Trent grumped, heading back to his room.

"Hey! Get yer ass back here!" Gil, his Dad, called out.

Trent shuffled back into the room. His face was a kaleidoscope of emotions, including rage and embarrassment. Even though he was 20, he sometimes felt like a pimple laden teenager whenever he tried to figure out his girlfriend, who was 19. He went back and sat down in the armchair, slumping into the cushions. The chair was a little outdated, but so was much of the furniture in the apartment. His parents weren't too bright, so they didn't make a lot of money, and what they did make, sometimes they weren't too wise in spending it. He just glared at them.

"What happened, boy. Did you do something you weren't s'posed to?"

"No." Trent grumbled.

"Then why was she upset?" His mother, Tanya, asked. "She seemed like a nice girl. Smart. Cute."

"I can't talk about it."

"So you did do something." Gil guessed. "Damn it boy, I told you always to treat women right. What did you do to her?"

Trent mumbled something.

"What's that, boy? I didn't hear you."

"I said, 'That's the problem.'. I always treated her with respect. But she didn't want that. Oh, no! She wanted me to talk rough to her, treat her rough and call her names."

"Well, son. Some girls are like that. If you want to keep her, you'll have to treat her like shit. Frankly, I don't know if you have that in you."

"No, Dad. She doesn't want me to, all the time. Just when we have sex." Trent looked over at his parents, hoping to embarrass them. Surprisingly Gil was looking at Tanya, grinning, while she was blushing fiercely.

Gil looked back at Trent. "Boy, sometimes a girl wants to be bad, but doesn't want to be seen as bad. So if you treat her rough, force her, it takes the responsibility off her. Get it?"

"Ah. So I treat her like a slut, make her do what I want, and she can be as bad as she wants 'cause it's not her fault?"

Gil thought for a minute, "Yeah, something like that."

"OK, I'll try that. If she ever talks to me again."

"Just don't be lovey dovey. You're a big time college guy now. Be a man fer Chrisakes"

Trent went back to his room, thoughtful. His Dad wasn't highly educated, but he had smarts. After waiting for an hour to make sure Gina was home he called her up. He had to beg Gina's mom to put her on the phone, but she did.

"What do you want?"

"Nothing. But if you want the shit we're keeping here, you better come and get it."

"What do you mean?"

"Well, the way you left, I figured we're done. Come and get your shit, or it's going down the chute."

"Aww, baby. I didn't mean nothing. I was just playin."

"Whatever. Come and get it."

"OK, asshole!" Gina yelled. Flipped like a switch, she did. "I'll be there in 20." She hissed, before she hung up.

Trent went back out to the living room. "Mom, Dad? Can you go for a walk or something. Gina's on her way over for her stuff. I just want some privacy. Just for an hour or so." 

"OK, dear." Tanya said. "Gil, lets go down to Morley and Anna's for a beer."

"Awright. Le'me have a piss first."

Five minutes later with his parents out, Trent took his T-shirt off and put a UFC match on TV. He was sitting there drinking a beer when he heard the door rattle. He went to the door and waited for her to knock again before he unlocked it letting Gina in, wordlessly. She stood there looking at him.

"It's in the bedroom." He gestured down the hall. She knew the way. "How'd you get here so fast?"

"Dad drove me. He's waiting downstairs."

"Good, you'll be quick then."

They walked down the hall, Gina in the lead. When they walked into Trent's bedroom the only light was a glowing Yoda lamp, a remnant of Trent's boyhood. Gina's stuff was in a garbage bag halfway up the bed, which stretched away from the doorway in the small bedroom.

"It's all here?" she asked, just before Trent's hands pushed her in the back, planting her face down on the bed. "What the fuck?" She started to get up when she was pushed down again.

"Stay there, bitch." Trent said in a menacing tone. "I've had enough of your shit and I'm going to give you something to remember me by." With that he reached up and pulled her track pants down. He grabbed her thong in both hands, but wasn't quite strong enough to tear it. Giving up, he pulled it off too. Gina started to get up again but Trent slapped her ass, hard, knocking her down and eliciting a scream from her. The mark was already turning red when he pried her cheeks apart and stuck his tongue in. She tried to clench her generous ass shut, but Trent used too much force. When she tried to shake him loose he hit her again on both cheeks.

"Aww, c'mon baby." Trent pleaded. Then his voice turned nasty, "Isn't this what you wanted?" Holding her down, he shoved his tongue in her puckered hole. He could taste a bitterness he wasn't used to from there, then he realized she hadn't showered all day. He pushed her cheeks up and apart and reached his tongue into the edge of her pussy, finding it swollen and damp.

"God damn you, you fucker! Stop that!" Gina screamed at him, but he ignored her. If she really wanted to get away, she could. Trent kept licking her anus, but shoved a finger forcefully into her deliciously wet pussy. Despite her protestations, Gina moaned and pushed back at him.

Now she tried pleading, "Please, baby. My Dad is waiting downstairs. He'll come check on me."

Trent just kept rimming her ass and pumping his fingers into her wet pussy. He couldn't believe how fast she got wet. He could feel her G-spot swelling. When he thought she was ready he got on the bed behind her. He lifted her up by the hips so she was resting on her knees and elbows then unzipped his fly, releasing his cock. It wasn't particularly hard, but he gave it a few strokes and it stiffened enough to use. He lined up with her slippery slit and plunged in with no warning. There was no longer any pretence, and Gina thrust her ass back to meet him.

"Oh, God! You bastard! Fuck me. Oh yeah. Make me your slut."

"Do you like my cock, slut? Do you like fucking it, like a nasty little whore?"

Gina shuddered at his words. She felt powerless to his need, succumbing to his whim. Then Trent pulled out and moved around in front of her. She moaned at the lost fullness. When she looked up at him he grabbed her by the hair and shoved his cock into her mouth. She had always resisted sucking him off, insisting nice girls didn't do that but, Oh, God! The feeling she was getting from this. She wanted to do a good job for him so she slathered his dick with as much tongue as she could while he fucked her mouth. Abruptly he pulled out again and moved back to her pussy. Again he just slammed it in, fucking her hard and fast, and Gina could feel the orgasm rising within her. She was fucking him as hard as he was fucking her, slamming her ass back to get as much cock as she could. When she felt him reach under and squeeze her tits, she exploded. Trent stopped and just held his cock still in her while her orgasm consumed her.

"Fuck, you like that, bitch. Don't you." Trent egged her on and another slap on her perfect ass sent her on another round of tremors, and moans. As she wound down he pushed her away and turned her over. He pulled her knees towards her chest so she could hold them, then he leaned over entered her again, facing her. With long slow strokes he continued pleasuring her, but at his own pace this time. He felt his own orgasm approaching and he sped up.

Gina took his face in her hands and whispered, "I love you, Trent. I'm sorry I was such a bitch." For some reason, more so now than ever before, she loved watching his raw emotions play out on his face when he came. She felt his seed fill her, and she moaned at the feeling. "That's it, baby. Fill me." As Trent collapsed beside her she felt a contentment she'd never felt before. She rolled onto her side and caressed his face as his breathing slowed. In less than 5 minutes it deepened into sleep.

Gina got up and put her underwear back on. She texted her Dad, *Daddy, Trent and I made up. I'll get a ride home from him. Thanks.* She closed the bedroom door, flipped off the light and lay down beside her guy.