 Rugby and I decided to take a trip to New York City. It was a wonderful trip, with lots of fun times and the inclusion of a particular nerdy bar. It was honestly the best time I've ever had in NYC, and I'm sure it was because I was there with someone who wanted me with them. Since it was the first time that he and I had gone away together, I was a little bit nervous, but we were only there one night so not much could go wrong. And it didn't. At all.

We were at the bar until about 3:30 in the morning, and then made our way out into the pouring rain to get back to our hotel (in Manhattan) from the bar (in Brooklyn). It was quite a feat. One of my old friends from high school was out with us (a woman I've had a horrible crush on for years), and it was so much fun. It was sad to leave her a the subway station when we got back to the place where the hotel was. It could have ended up being a really interesting night. But that's another post.

By the time we got into the hotel and into the elevator, Rugby and I could hardly keep our hands off of each other. I was wearing a teeny little dress that was short enough to give easy access to anyone who might want it. I know he had been staring at me the whole time we were at the bar, but was unable to give into the things he was thinking of doing to me. He came at me in the elevator and kissed me with a release that had obviously been building up. His mouth enveloped mine, and he pulled me closer to him with anything he could latch on to. I lost my breath and gasped for air during the few moments our lips parted, but I had never felt so desired. He grabbed my hair at the nape of my neck and pulled my head back. I felt his tongue dance around the skin on my neck and I wanted him right there. I felt his hand move down my stomach and up under my dress. He found my lips and delighted in the fact that they were already soaking wet.

"Someone's been thinking about this for a long time..."

"You know I have. I can't wait to use that dick."

His fingers are the perfect length for finding my spot. He rubbed his fingers in small circles and continued to pull my hair. The elevator doors ding'd open, but he didn't stop. My breath caught in my chest a little as I pictured someone standing in the elevator plaza on our floor, but we exited into an empty hallway. He didn't stop touching me the entire walk back to our room. We stumbled along the hallway, trying to coordinate our feet while he kept fingering me. He didn't stop when we got to the room, and I distractedly fumbled the key into the lock and finally opened the door.

I walked into the room in front of him and turned around when I reached the bed. I was facing him, and he was taking off outfit accessories, but never once broke eye contact with me. He came to me and pulled my head toward him with his hand on the back of my neck. As he kissed me, I felt him scratching my neck lightly and his fingers searching for the halter straps of my dress. I felt the knot untie and the fabric fall from my neck, shoulders, and chest.

He was more gentle now. His fingers gently lifted my face so he could survey which bit of my neck he was going to start on. I felt his lips hit my skin, warm and precise. He made his way down to my chest and then down my stomach. As he lowered himself in front of me, he finished pulling my dress off of my body. I heard the soft fabric hit the floor and he lowered me to a sit on the bed. He scooted my hips to the edge and pushed me gently so I was leaning back on my forearms. He lifted my thighs up and half-smiled at me. The kind of smile that's mischievous and enticing. I bit my lip and watched the lower half of his face disappear into the space between my legs.

I closed my eyes and tilted my head back when I felt his breath on me. I was so ready for him, and inhaled sharply when he finally stroked me with his tongue. There was no teasing this time. He had a goal, and wasn't going to stop until he reached it. I felt his tongue move seamlessly from my lips to my clit and everywhere in between. He would work on my clit until I came and then would let me come back down with long strokes on my lips or kisses on the inside of my thigh.

"I think you're probably ready now..."

"For what? What are you planning?"

"Don't ask questions. Get up."

I was less than excited to have the wonderful sensations stop, but curious about where we were going. He lead me to the desk in the hotel room and patted the surface so I would sit on the edge.

"The beauty of this is that we don't have to worry about making a mess." He winked at me in a playful way that made me smile and turned me on even more than I already was. Again, he gently pushed me back to leaning on my forearms. Then he put his fingers inside me and I felt them curve up to hit my g-spot. He put his other hand on the top of my pelvis and pushed down slightly. I felt his fingers working inside me, and could tell I was getting wetter and more ready for him. He paused for a moment and stood with his head directly over my pussy. My heart started to race when I knew what was coming, and I lay all the way down when I saw him let a little bit of spit drip down onto his hand. He always adds his own lubrication with this goal, and it's one of the reasons I know what was about to happen.

He started slowly, working my juices and his spit together until the wetness was almost unbearable. I could hear the familiar squishing noise of his fingers working my spot and knew the pressure was going to be building up soon. He pushed harder on my pelvis to bring my spot closer to his fingers. I could feel the familiar sensations start to build up inside me, and my breathing got shallower and more rapid.

"That's my good girl. You know you want to squirt for me."

"I do. Please don't stop..."

I felt the first wave hit me and felt him pull his fingers out to let the pressure release. He moved his fingers up to my clit while I came, and I could hear the liquid hit the floor beneath me. Now, usually, this is where my squirting ends with him. He had other plans. He put his fingers back in and started where he left off. I almost couldn't contain it. I started writhing on the desk as the orgasm built up again. When I came, the cycle started all over again.

"That's my girl. Show me how good that feels. You going to cum again for me? Let these fingers help you destroy this room? Fuck yes... good girl... you're so fucking hot when you do that. Do it again... you know you want to. Come on. Cum for me. Nice. Very nice. Good girl. You have more? It feels like you want to cum again all over these fingers. Don't hold back. Show me how this feels... that's my fucking good girl."

He made me squirt probably 5 or 6 times before he finally pulled his fingers out of me and examined his work. I slowly sat up and put my feet on the carpet below me, which was drenched.

"Fuck that felt good. I don't think I've ever cum that much or that hard for you before."

"Take a moment, because we're not done."

We paused for some water before we made our way back to where the bed was. I was getting turned on again with the thought of having him inside me and making him cum. I crawled onto the bed, but he stopped me by pulling me back by my hair.

"Where the fuck are you going? I said we weren't done."

He gave the side glance at me again, and I moved off of the bed. Our hotel room was almost directly across from MSG, so the streets below us were fairly busy, plus there was an office building directly across and the hotel itself wrapped around to the right of our room. In other words, there was ample opportunity to be heard and seen by almost anyone at all.

He opened the window and bent me over in front of him. I could feel his fingers dancing around my pussy again, as though there was the slightest chance that I wasn't still soaking wet and begging for his cock. Then he leaned his face next to mine and whispered to me.

"Don't you dare hold back. I want them to hear the wonderful things you're feeling." I knew he didn't want to keep it to himself. He wanted to hear me, and he wanted everyone else to, also.

With that, I finally felt his cock enter me. It was firm and solid and filled my tight pussy. He exhaled as he entered me completely, almost surprised by the tightness he was feeling.

"You like the way that pussy feels wrapping around you?"

"Fuck yes. It feels incredible. You ready?"

"Yes. Pound me so everyone knows it."

He wasted no time. He thrust hard into me, and fast. This wasn't about anything other than making each other cum. He dug his fingers into my skin on my hips and pulled me hard into him. With each thrust, I could feel all of him inside me. I bent my knees a little bit so he hit me in the right way. I could hear his skin slapping against mine. It turned me on to hear how hard he was fucking me as well as feel it. I came around him.

"That's my good girl. Fuck you're so tight. I'm going to cum... turn that pretty face around."

I felt him pull out of me and I got on my knees in front of him. He was stroking his cock, which looked gleaming and wet from being inside me. I licked his balls and begged for him to cum for me.

"Please let me have your cum. I'm ready for it."

With that, I saw him tighten up and felt his hot cum all over my chest and face. I loved the way it felt and he looked as satisfied as I was at the events of the evening.