 Turning north onto Country Road 27, I was just a few short miles from my destination. The little town of Texas Creek, Colorado lie just a mile or so ahead. The Lazy K Ranch, my grandfather's place, was just a few miles north of the community.

Texas Creek wasn't much of a town. A dozen or so houses and a convenience store that served as a café, gas station and post office was about it. It was a peaceful little town, disrupted only by the occasional train passing along its northern edge.

After passing through the town, I began watching for the entrance to my grandfather's ranch. It wasn't hard to find! Two large vertical posts supported another across the wide entrance. Suspended from the post was a carved wood sign, Lazy K Ranch, Texas Creek, Colorado.

Turning into the gravel driveway, I slowed to look at the horses grazing in the pasture to my left. They were absolutely beautiful! Several young colts were standing with their mothers, undistracted by my sudden appearance. Continuing on, I could see my grandfather's house looming ahead. It was a sprawling brick ranch house he'd had built shortly after purchasing the property. He'd written about it in several of his letters, describing it in great detail.

Pulling up to the garage, I felt relieved that I was finally at my destination. My old Camaro had made the twelve-hundred mile journey from Chicago despite its age. Stepping out of the car, I was never so glad to stretch my legs. 

The Lazy K was just as my grandfather had described it, twelve thousand acres of prime pastureland surrounded by beautiful mountains. The Arkansas River, which runs through Royal Gorge, bordered part of the ranch. 

Looking down the descending slope, I could see several large barns, all identical in construction and size. There were two ranch-hands tending to the horses in the corrals. Everything was so peaceful and quiet. The only sound was the breeze rustling through the trees. 

"Well! Is it exactly as I described it or not?" A male voice questioned.

Startled, I quickly spun around to find my grandfather standing right behind me.

"Grandpa!" I shouted, giving him a big hug.

My grandfather held me in his strong embrace for several long moments. It had been five years since we'd last seen each other, my college graduation. For years, he'd coaxed me to come out and visit him but I'd never found the time.

After graduation, I'd landed a management position with a publishing company in Chicago. I'd gotten married, one of the biggest mistakes in my life so far, then turned to writing novels. My life seemed to be scheduled every minute of the day, leaving me with absolutely no free time. My busy lifestyle and career had been the ultimate demise of my marriage. I felt solely to blame.

"Let's see how bad those bastards cut you." My grandfather commented, examining the left side of my face. 

I'd come to Texas Creek and my grandfather's ranch to get away from bad memories and terrible people. The terrible memories I'd never escape from. I was still experiencing recurring nightmares. The bruising and swelling in my face had dissipated although I was still having some blurred vision in my left eye. I still had the jagged scar along my left jawbone that would be with me forever along with the emotional scars I'd carry for life. 

All this was the result of being in the wrong place at the wrong time. Beaten and robbed outside a popular downtown Chicago nightclub, I'd been left for dead in the parking lot. After being found early the following morning, I'd spent almost two weeks in the hospital recuperating from my injuries. I vowed to never let myself fall into that situation again, not without being prepared.

During a short period of recuperation before leaving Chicago, I'd taken firearms and shooting lessons from a reputable gun dealer. I'd quickly become proficient firing my Smith and Wesson .45 caliber automatic. I felt confident enough to use it if I had to, yet stable enough to use it if unquestionably warranted.

"Well, it could have been worse, I guess." J.D. commented. "At least, they didn't kill you."

"Might have been for the best if they had of." I mumbled.

"What? Whatta ya mean by that?" My grandfather questioned, quite stunned by my remark.

"Nothing." I replied. "Just forget I even said it." 

"Let's get your things inside." J.D. suggested. "I told Juanita you'd be staying in the guest room."

Juanita was my grandfather's housekeeper. She'd been with him since he'd moved here. She took care of the house as well as prepare breakfast and lunch for the ranch-hands. She lived in town with her husband, a Fremont County deputy sheriff, and her two young daughters. The Hispanic woman, who I guessed to be around thirty-five, barely stood five foot, three. Juanita's beautiful coal black hair and large round eyes overshadowed her stocky build.

"Ah! I finally get to meet the granddaughter Mr. Kramer talks so often about!" Juanita exclaimed, giving me a hug. 

I was quite taken aback by her friendliness and gesture. I wasn't used to being hugged, let alone by two people in the same day.

After getting my clothes put away in the guest room, I joined my grandfather out on the patio. Sitting in cushioned lawn chairs, we sipped lemonade and watched the horses grazing lazily in the pastures. Neither of us said anything for the longest time.

"How's the writing coming along?" J.D. inquired. "Written anything new?"

"No. Not for a while." I replied. "I can't seem to get past the first couple of chapters before my mind goes blank."

"Maybe living out here will change all that." My grandfather commented.

The author of several thrillers and mysteries, I was now writing the first chapters of a new adventure series. Packed with dangerous exploits and crime, the series would be tastefully seasoned with sexual encounters.

I hoped my grandfather's presumption would come true. I was getting desperate to get the first book written so the publisher would get off my case. I needed peace and quiet along with a clear mind, free from worry and other concerns. The Lazy K Ranch seemed the ideal setting.

"I've got to run up to Denver the day after tomorrow." My grandfather asserted. "I'll be gone for a few days. I'll have my ranch foreman look after you."

"You think I need looking after?" I questioned. "After all, I am twenty-seven or have you forgotten." 

"I haven't forgotten." J.D. replied with a grin. "I just want to make sure you'll be all right out her by yourself." 

"Juanita leaves around 2:00 in the afternoon." He added. "She doesn't return till 5:00 in the morning."

"Let me guess." I jested, grinning. "I bet this ranch foreman of yours is single, about my age, quite handsome and looking for a wife."

"Well, I'm not sure if Cody's looking for a wife or not but I do know he's just twenty-two." My grandfather affirmed. "He is single and I guess you could say he's good-looking."

"Grandpa, I'm not looking for another man." I declared. "I ruined one marriage. I'll be damned if I'll ever make that mistake again." 

It seemed like forever since I'd been with anyone. I'd seemingly lost my sex drive. Now, with the very discernable scar along the left side of my face, I knew I'd lost my sex appeal also. Everything that had happened to me during the past few years had turned me very bitter and introverted. All I thought about was my writing and living in near seclusion. I wasn't happy but I'd forgotten what real happiness was like.

I'd managed to retain the same great figure I had at twenty-one. Standing five foot, eight, my weight was well within range for my height. My shoulder-length sandy blonde hair, I styled feathered back along the sides. It certainly did nothing to hide my facial scar but I didn't care. Not anymore! My emerald green eyes had lost their sparkle. They often appeared clouded from lack of sleep.

Juanita had prepared dinner for us before she left for the day. I was used to a diet of frozen entrees and snack foods but Juanita's cooking tasted too good to be true. I could see why my grandfather always praised her cooking in his letters.

After dinner and straightening up the kitchen, the two of us adjourned to my grandfather's office. There were numerous oil paintings hanging on the walls, some were of mountain landscapes, others were of a historic nature depicting stage coaches and cattle drives.

"I didn't know you were an art connoisseur." I stated, looking at each of the paintings. "These are absolutely beautiful."

"They're Cody's, something he does in his free time." My grandfather responded. "He's quite good, don't ya think?"

"Yeah. He sure is!" I replied. "They're all great!"

While my grandfather caught up on some paperwork, I sat quietly watching a movie on the television in his office. A young man appeared at the French doors that led out onto the patio. His sudden appearance startled me.

"Cody! Come in!" My father shouted. "I'd like you to meet someone."

Removing his black western hat, the handsome young man stepped into the office. He was about six foot in height with an athletic build but not overly muscular. To say he was handsome was an understatement! Cody's thick, dark hair and bright blue eyes highlighted his great looks. The small cleft in his chin accentuated his clean-shaven face. He was wearing a dark blue shirt and faded denim jeans along with well-worn cowboy boots. 

"You're Michelle Gray, J.D.'s granddaughter." Cody stated, extending his hand. "I recognize you from your picture on the book jackets."

"I take it you've read some of my books." I affirmed, shaking the young man's hand.

I immediately noticed how rough and calloused his hand was. Cody was definitely a man accustomed to performing manual labor.

"I've read most of them." Cody replied. "I like your style of writing. Lots of action without overdoing the violence. Although, the sexual situations seem a bit too detailed."

"What the hell does he mean, the sexual situations are too detailed!" I thought, concealing my anger. "Hell! He's just twenty-two! This cowboy's probably never fucked anything but his fist!"

"You headin' out for the night?" My grandfather inquired, interrupting the conversation.

"Yeah. Thought I'd better check on that herd off in the canyon." Cody replied. "That seems to be where they're hitting us the most often."

"I could saddle up another horse if you'd like to go along." He added, smiling at me.

"No thanks." I responded. "I'm not much for riding horses."

"I'll have to see what I can do to change that." Cody remarked. "Out here, damn near everyone rides!"

The truth of the matter, I was somewhat frightened of horses. I found them quite beautiful but also a little threatening because of their size and strength.

"Well, I'll think about it." I commented. "I've got a lot of work I need to catch up on."

"Ah! I'll bet you're writing a new book." Cody surmised. "Another great thriller or mystery with lots of action and chaos."

"Yes. And, lots of sex also." I smarted off. "But, you can skip over those parts."

I regretted making the comment as soon as I finished blurting it out. The reaction on Cody's face was more of dismay than anger. I had gone on the offensive without cause or provocation.

"I better be getting out to the canyon." Cody retorted, glaring at me. "Some of us have real work to take care of."

Cody had no sooner stepped out onto the patio than my grandfather gave me one of his infamous frowns.

"That wasn't very nice." He scolded. "Cody's a fine young man. He didn't deserve having you take a snipe at him."

"I'm sorry, Grandpa. It just slipped out." I mumbled. "I'll apologize to him in the morning."

"You'd better." J.D. chided, still frowning. "Next time, think before you speak."

I felt uncomfortable sitting in my grandfather's presence, especially since I'd angered him. Excusing myself, I went off to bed.

Sleeping in a strange bed always deprived me of sleep but that night I slept through most of the night, only waking once. It was almost 8:00 when I woke up. I could hear my grandfather and Juanita chatting in the kitchen.

Slipping on a robe and lighting up a cigarette, I sauntered into the kitchen.

"How about some Coffee, Miss Gray?" Juanita offered. "I just brewed a fresh pot."

"I can get it." I replied, fixing myself a cup.

Sitting in the diningroom with my grandfather and Juanita, I glanced out the large picture window. Down by the barns, I could see Cody helping one of the ranch-hands feed the horses in the corral. I remembered I owed him an apology. Mentally, I prepared myself for what I was going to say.

"Juanita and I are going into Canon City." J.D. asserted. "We've got to stock up on groceries and I need to stop at the hardware store. You need anything while were there?"

"No. I can't think of anything I need." I replied. 

"I'll probably remember something after you're long gone though." I jested.

"Well, my cell phone number's tacked up on the refrigerator if you think of anything." My grandfather responded with a grin. "Just hope it's none of those feminine products."

After taking a hot shower and fixing my hair and make-up, I dressed in bluejeans and a sleeveless blouse. Strolling down towards the barns, I found Cody saddling up two horses. I caught him briefly looking my way as I approached. After that, he deliberately avoided making eye contact.

"I want to apologize for what I said and the way I acted last night." I stated with my arms folded across my chest. "I had no cause to act the way I did."

Cody appeared to be intentionally ignoring me. He didn't acknowledge my apology or turn around to face me. The awkward moment grew longer and longer.

"Did you hear what I said?" I questioned in a raised voice, trying to get some sort of reaction from the handsome cowboy.

Cody, still silent, finished saddling the horse then untied the reins from the hitching post.

"Get on!" Cody ordered, turning to face me.

"Oh! I've never ridden before." I declared. "I couldn't. I don't have the time."

"Get on the horse!" Cody reiterated, using a commanding tone. "I'm not telling you again!"

Seeing it was useless to argue with the young man, I complied with his command. Cody gave me a brief lesson on how to rein the horse. I listened intently to his instructions, not wanting to anger him further.

The two of us rode out along a trail leading towards the mountains. Riding side by side, I expected Cody to say something but he chose to ride in silence. His quietness was beginning to irritate me.

"You live on the ranch or in town?" I asked.

"You're grandfather set me up with a travel trailer." Cody answered. "It's parked next to the equipment barn. Guess you didn't see it."

"You like living at the ranch?" I questioned. "Or would you rather live in town?"

"That's a dumb question!" Cody retorted. "Why the hell would I want to live in town when I can live out here."

"Goddamn! What the hell's his trouble!" I thought. "First he demands I go on this trail ride, then he talks to me like trash."

I kept quiet as we continued riding. My fear of horses seemed to fade as rode along. Cresting a hill, we stopped to look at a large herd of cattle grazing in a lush valley.

"Those are Black Angus." Cody affirmed. "We've also got Herfords and Polled Herfords. Over a thousand head split into twelve herds."

I didn't know the difference between one cow and another but I wasn't about to ask, fearing another angry reprisal. I just nodded my head, acknowledging his statements.

Riding on, we came upon a canyon entrance. Descending the deep ravine, I could see another herd of cattle grazing on the grass. The sound of running water was clearly distinct as rode into the cavernous acreage. Following behind Cody, we rode towards the noise. We came upon a large pond fed by a magnificent waterfall. It appeared to be several stories tall. The water was crystal clear as it fell and tumbled over the rocky outcroppings. The pond was surrounded by high cliffs on three sides, leaving the canyon side open for access.

"We'll stop here and rest the horses." Cody stated, stepping down from his horse. "Let them get a drink of water, then we'll tie them up to the trees so they can stand in the shade."

Loosening the cinches on both horses, we led the horses up to the water's edge. I was in complete awe at the beautiful surroundings. The sound of the cascading water had a soothing effect except for my butt, which was feeling the effects of the long trail ride.

Cody removed a pair of insulated saddlebags from his horse.

"I'm assuming your hungry since you weren't at breakfast this morning." He muttered. "I asked Juanita to pack us some sandwiches and bottled water. It ain't caviar and wine but it'll do."

"Here, spread this out on the ground." Cody commanded, tossing me a large blanket.

Sitting under the cool shade of the trees, we sat quietly eating our lunch. Again, Juanita had outdone herself preparing the delicious sandwiches. We ate everything she'd packed, putting the empty containers back in the saddlepacks. Sitting on the blanket, I couldn't take my eyes off the waterfall.

Cody pulled his boots off then his socks. Standing up, he began unbuttoning his shirt. My eyes were focused on his bare chest instead of his handsome face.

"Take off your clothes!" He commanded.

"Why? You gonna rape me?" I smarted off.

"I doubt if I'd have to rape you." He countered. "From reading your books, I'd say you'd be a willing victim."

"Hold on there, Cowboy!" I exclaimed, rising to my feet. "My personal sex life is nothing like what I've written in my books!"

I was very angry with Cody for assuming I was a woman with loose morals. It was quite obvious the young man couldn't separate fact from fiction. The thought of slapping him hard across the face crossed my mind. 

"You gonna get outta those clothes or do I have to do that for you too?" He asked. 

"I'm not going to rape you!" He quickly added. "I just thought we'd go for a swim and enjoy the water. Bet you've never been skinny-dippin'!"

Unbuttoning my blouse, I tried keeping my eyes off the handsome cowboy as he shucked off his jeans. Standing in his snug fitting black boxers, he watched intently while I got undressed. Cody wasn't a bit shy about standing before me in his underwear. For me, it was embarrassing taking my clothes off while he stood there and gawked.

"Do you have to watch while I get undressed?" I questioned, showing my anger.

"Yep. Best part of skinny-dippin' is watchin' a beautiful woman get naked." He replied, grinning.

"Well, I hate to bust your bubble Cowboy but I'm not getting naked." I contradicted, slipping off my jeans. "My underwear is stayin' on."

Standing before him in just my white bra and panties, I let him take a good long look to satisfy his curiosity. A faint smile appeared on his face as he scanned me from head to toe. It was very evident he liked what he saw. 

Not being bashful, Cody pushed his boxers down his muscular legs. Seeing his cock for the first time, I had to resist staring at it. Like the rest of his body, Cody's cock was magnificent, stimulating the long-sleeping desires within me. Turning his back to me, I decided to slip off my bra, knowing it would take forever to dry. I took a good look at Cody's cute little butt, imagining what it would be like digging my fingernails into it.

Easing into the cool water, my nipples hardened immediately, growing erect as the chilling sensation coursed through my body. Cody couldn't help but notice them.

"Nice nips!" He quipped.

"Thanks. They're strictly for looks, not for playin' with." I avowed.

Swimming out to the waterfall, I felt strangely refreshed. The cool water was making my pulse rise, coursing blood throughout my body. We swam and played in the water for a time before swimming up to the waterfall. The cool water showered over our bodies as we splashed about. 
