 When my publisher called to ask me about going on a book signing tour, I was hesitant to accept the offer. Since it also included several live radio appearances, I was even more skeptical. The book signing appearances paid very little, although travel and accommodation expenses were covered. 

I wasn’t sure if I could handle being interviewed on live radio. I was certain I’d be at a loss for words or say something wrong or off-color. Sounding like a dumb-ass or getting embarrassed on the air were my worst nightmares. With the publisher tacking on more money for the radio appearances, I found it impossible to turn down his offer.

After discussing the situation with my grandfather and Cody, we came to agreement on my accepting the publisher’s offer. I could still manage the ranch by daily telephone conferences. I would schedule a nightly call for 8pm with J.D. and Cody. They would update me on everything that was happening at the Lazy K. Since I would only be gone for two weeks at a time, I could still keep up on the accounting and bills.

The tours went very smooth, at least enough to suit me. The daily book signings gave me a lot of chair time and allowed me to meet many of my fans. I made it through the radio talk shows without slipping up or making an ass out of myself. Often the interviews reached their limits of what the FCC would permit transmitted over the airwaves. Openly discussing sex over the air didn’t seem to bother me the least bit. All interviewers were cautioned against asking me about my personal sex life though. I was having a good time despite trouble sleeping and not eating properly.

A week back at the ranch in Colorado helped my physical well-being tremendously. Juanita was preparing foods especially for me. I couldn’t thank her enough for all her efforts. The Lazy K was running smoothly without my physical presence all the time.

During October, I’d spent time in Los Angles, San Francisco, New York and Miami. November had me in Phoenix, Oklahoma City, Tampa and New Orleans. I turned down Chicago and Dallas for obvious reasons.

With just two more cities to cover in December, I was glad the book signings and talk radio gigs were ending. With Seattle being the first of the two cities, I’d end the tour in Las Vegas. I’d be safely back at the ranch no later than December tenth.

With Seattle and its almost daily rains behind me, I caught a flight to Las Vegas. I was extremely tired from the rigorous schedule so I slept during most of the trip. It was December eighth, the first of two days in the gambling capital. I had three book signings scheduled, one right after the other. It took me most of the day to make it through the schedule. Returning to my room at the Mandalay Bay Hotel, I grabbed a quick nap before calling home.

Although I was tired, I was very upbeat about my last day on tour. It was a radio talk show stint broadcast live from the Mirage. All I had to do was make it through the early morning broadcast then catch a flight to Denver. The talk show would last for three hours with lots of banter and humor along with a call-in portion. Thank God for bottled water and aspirin! It kept my voice lubricated and my headaches under control.

The talk show started at 7am with me being introduced as the guest. One of the host, Carl Edwards, was an avid fan of mine. He asked numerous questions about my books and what was in store for the future. It was pretty much what I’d grown accustomed to being asked. 

Chuck Reynolds, the other host delved into more personal matters, asking about my private life. He was pushing for intimate details about my sex life but I wasn’t going to accommodate him. His mention of my engagement ring infuriated me. My stern look and abrupt answer got him off the subject immediately.

Roni Daniels, the show’s only female host, opened up the telephone lines for call-in questions and comments. I didn’t realize I had so many fans wishing to pay me compliments on my writing. Glancing at my watch, I realized I had less than an hour to go. 

“Thank God this is about over.” I thought, breathing a sigh of relief. “I can’t wait to get home.”

“We have a caller on line three!” Chuck Reynolds announced. “Please give us your first name and where you’re from.”

“Yeah. Hi! My name’s Wade.” The caller stated. “And, I’m from Fort Worth, Texas.”

“Ah! The Lone Star State!” Chuck chimed in. “What would you like to say or ask our guest, Michelle Gray?”

I panicked immediately, gesturing wildly with my hands for the call to be cut off. Chuck obviously noticed my gestures but he was intentionally ignoring them. He saw a chance to embarrass me and he was going to let it happen. Roni Daniels reached for the switch to cut off the phone call but Reynolds slapped her hand away. 

“I’d just like to say that I still love her very much.” Wade stated.

“Sounds like you’re a real fan of Michelle’s books.” Chuck jested. “Or just a real fan of Michelle herself.”

“I’m her fiancée.” Wade declared. “I heard you ask about the engagement ring.”

“It’s a beautiful ring, Wade.” Chuck stated. “My compliments on your taste in diamonds.”

By this time, my panic had changed to feelings of distress. It was all I could do to keep the tears from flowing.

“Anything else you’d like to say to Michelle?” Reynolds asked, deliberately prolonging my agony.

“I’d like to ask Michelle to marry me right now.” Wade asserted. “I flew up here just to ask her.”

“Well folks, you heard it right here on live radio!” Reynolds shouted into his microphone. “All we need now is an answer from our gorgeous Ms. Gray!”

Of course, I had to say yes. Not because I wanted to avoid embarrassing Wade or myself by saying no but because I really wanted to marry him.

Chuck tried talking us into getting married the next morning during a live broadcast of the show but I wasn’t buying into it. My wedding ceremony with Wade would be private and small.

The radio show ended with a flurry of commercials and last minute quips from the two male hosts. Removing the headphones and setting them on the table in front of me, I saw Wade standing in the doorway to the broadcast area. He was wearing an expensive, tailored black suit. His familiar black western hat shaded his eyes but not the smile on his handsome face.

After a long and loving kiss, we left the Mirage. Wade had a white limousine waiting at the curb of the Mirage to whisk us away to a wedding chapel. We didn’t talk much during the brief ride except to say how much we loved each other. Our Lips were busy, pressed to each other’s.

By 1pm that afternoon, Wade and I were married. Being referred to as Mrs. Garrett would take a little getting used to. Adjusting to married life would be more difficult. I wouldn’t make the same mistakes I had with my first marriage.

Wade had booked a suite at the Mandalay Bay. It wasn’t the honeymoon suite but that didn’t matter. All we wanted was a quiet place to ourselves, some place where we could make love and plan out our future. The large hot tub was a plus. After having my luggage moved in with Wade’s, we were finally alone. Although I was tired, I couldn’t wait to make love to my new husband.

Slipping into the hot tub, we sipped a glass of champagne to celebrate our nuptials. Our initial kisses were tender and loving slowly building to heated, passionate kisses. Our hands caressed each other beneath the warm, bubbling water. My nipples responded to Wade’s intimate touch, bringing moans from my lips and heightening my sexual desire. Wade loved fondling my firm breasts, gently massaging and squeezing them with his strong hands. 

My juices were flowing but I knew Wade would take his time, eventually giving me multiple orgasms. I lightly stroked his hard cock, teasing the head of his shaft with my fingernails. My stimulations made him tense up then relax. It definitely brought a smile to his handsome face. 

Straddling his cock, I eased myself down on it. The feel of being impaled on his manhood brought me to an immediate orgasm. Wade suckled on my erect nipples, pulling on them lightly with his clenched lips. My body was trembling as the pleasures coursed through my body. The light orgasms were coming one after another. 

Wade grasped my butt, lifting me off of his hard cock. My arms around his neck, held onto him as he laid me across the back of the hot tub. I spread my legs wide, knowing he was going to work his tongue over my pussy till I begged him to fuck me. Feeling his tongue slowly licking up and down my slit had me arching my back and grasping for the back of his head. Snaking his long tongue inside my pussy, Wade worked it frantically against the walls, bringing me to an astonishing orgasm. My legs were flailing wildly, kicking him unintentionally.

I could feel my strength slowly being diminished after each orgasm. Flicking his tongue over my sensitive clit sent me into a frenzy of gyrations. I was gasping for breath as Wade worked me over with his lips and tongue.

Spreading my legs and lifting them upwards, he slipped his hard cock into my pussy. I felt his warm balls crushed against my ass. Wade fucked me slow and easy, prolonging our lovemaking. I looked down, watching his thick, rigid cock take long, deliberate strokes into me. With my ankles resting on his shoulders, we began fucking harder, almost with a vengeance. I used all my strength, pulling him into me, sucking on his cock with my wanton pussy.

The closer Wade came to climaxing, the harder he fucked me. We were both moaning aloud as we peaked together. I screamed out his name as tears of joy streamed down my face. Feeling his hot cum gushing into my pussy was my ultimate pleasure. The incredible orgasm had me close to passing out. 

We held each other’s wet bodies for the longest time afterwards, letting ourselves gradually recuperate from our sexual bliss.

“I love you, Wade.” I murmured. “I love you more than anything.”

“I love you, Mrs. Garrett.” He whispered. “I’ll never stop loving you.”  

We eased back into the hot tub, snuggling into each other’s arms. With the warm, bubbling water easing our spent bodies, I couldn’t resist dozing off.

Waking up sometime later, I could see the sun was slowly setting. The lights of the city were beginning to come on, illuminating the casinos and hotels. 

I was lying naked on my stomach, enjoying the gentle massage Wade was giving me. His hands brushed lightly over my back and legs, working the tired muscles. His touch was all I needed to make me happy. Slipping his hand between my legs, his fingertips touched lightly at my pussy. Wade pushed his middle finger inside me, swirling it slowly. I lifted my butt upwards, spreading my legs farther apart. Within moments, I was cumming. My juices were lubricating his finger. I pressed my face into the pillow to muffle my moans of pleasure. Wade fingered me hard until I had another orgasm. This one more intense than the first. 

“I love the way you climax so quickly.” Wade murmured into my ear.

“I can have an orgasm just thinking about you.” I whispered. “That’s how I’ve lasted through our separation.”

“You masturbated thinking about me!” Wade exclaimed. “Really!”

“Yes. Sometimes I even used a vibrator, pretending it was your cock inside me.” I confessed.

“You’ve got a vibrator!” He spoke out. “No kiddin’!”

“Several.” I conceded. “In fact, I’ve got one in my luggage somewhere.”

“What about you?” I asked. “What did you do while we were apart?”

“What do you think I did?” He answered, sounding a little sheepish.

“Besides jacking off at least once a day, I know you had a fling with at least one girl.” I replied.

“Michelle, she didn’t mean anything!” Wade immediately confessed. “Honest. She was just some girl I met in a bar. We just had sex a few times is all.”

I wasn’t hurt finding out Wade had made love to another woman while we were apart. If anything, I deserved to be hurt because of the abrupt way I’d treated him.

“How did you find out about her anyway?” Wade questioned. “I can’t even remember her name.”

“I didn’t know anything.” I replied. “I was just fishing.”

Wade’s face blushed beet red realizing he’d been tricked. He kept apologizing but I wasn’t hearing any of it. Putting my fingertips to his mouth, I got him to stop.

“You don’t have to apologize for anything.” I asserted, kissing him lightly on the lips. “You didn’t to anything wrong. We weren’t married and our engagement was a shambles.”

After showering together, we went downstairs to one of the hotels many restaurants. Wade ordered a carafe of wine with dinner but I didn’t drink much of it. Being married, it was time to change some of my bad habits.

After dinner, the two of us strolled into the casino to watch the action. Craps I could never understand but we watched for awhile anyway. Sitting down at the Roulette table, we played the colors and number combinations. Luck was on our side of the table as we won a hundred dollars with a few spins of the wheel.

Playing Blackjack at the ten dollar tables, we doubled our money. The menial amount of money wasn’t as much fun as the fact that we were beating the casino. Playing our winnings on the slot machines, we broke even. Nothing won but nothing lost! 

It was almost 8pm when we got back to our room, time for my nightly conference call with my grandfather and Cody. I found out it was snowing in Texas Creek but the roads were still open for travel. Nothing new or exciting was happening at the ranch.

“How’s Las Vegas?” J.D. inquired. “You gonna stay there a few days and enjoy yourself?”

“Vegas is all right.” I replied. “But, I’ll be happy to get back home.”

“Doing any gambling?” Cody chimed in.

“A little. We broke even so I consider that winning.” I answered.

“We?” My grandfather questioned. “Are you with someone?”

“Yes, I’m with my husband.” I stated, trying to control my excitement.

“You got married!” J.D. and Cody both shouted into the speaker phone. 

“Wade and I got married this afternoon.” I declared. 

“Oh Hon, that’s terrific!” J.D. exclaimed. “I’m so happy for you both.”

“Let me talk with my new grandson-in-law.” J.D. asserted. 

“Wade’s a little preoccupied right now.” I retorted. “I wouldn’t want to interrupt him.”

“Oh.....OH! Ok.” J.D. laughed. “I better let you go so you can......you know.....be together.”

“I’ll see you when I get back.” I affirmed. “I’m not sure exactly when that’ll be. Tomorrow or the next day, I guess.”

During the time I was talking on the phone, Wade had been undressing me, placing light kisses over my bared skin. He had me shaking in anticipation of the sexual pleasures we were soon going to be sharing. My body heat had risen along with my excitement. Helping my husband out of his clothing was just an obstacle quickly overcome. I loved looking at his naked masculine form. His beautiful cock was always rock hard.

We made love in every position imaginable during the night. Wade had the stamina to keep me going almost constantly. His cock spewed cum into my pussy and eager mouth till his balls were sore and shriveled. My pussy felt like it had been fucked by many lovers but I wasn’t complaining. I just hoped our sexual desires for each other would last as long as our love.

The next morning, I slept till almost 10am. Wade had been up for a short time, calling his office back in Fort Worth. He phoned his parents to let them know we’d gotten married. They were as excited as we were. Amanda, Wade’s mother and I chatted for a while. She was adamant about giving us a reception at their home sometime in the near future. Although, neither Wade nor I really wanted it, we felt it best to comply with her wishes. After talking with Wade’s father and being congratulated several times, we concluded the call.

We ordered breakfast served in our room since neither of us was all that anxious to get dressed. We discussed our immediate plans. It was decided Wade would fly back to Fort Worth and pack up his clothes and personal belongings. Since very little of it would fit into his Cadillac XLR, he would ship most of it to the ranch in Colorado. His furniture, he’d have put into storage until we got our house built on the twenty acres my grandfather had given me.

As for me, I’d fly back to Denver, then catch a commuter flight down to Pueblo. My Suburban was waiting for me in the airport’s parking garage. Unless, the roads were impassible, I’d be back at the ranch later that evening. Neither of us wanted to be apart but we knew it would only be for a short period of time.

At the Las Vegas airport, we kissed up until the time Wade had to board his flight. Seeing him walk away wasn’t easy. I caught my flight to Denver without any trouble. My commuter flight to Pueblo was delayed because of weather conditions at the capital city. I just hoped the roads were still passable once I got there. 

The snow was piled up along the sides of the runway when I landed in Pueblo. It was still snowing heavily so I didn’t waste any time getting my luggage loaded into the Suburban. Driving through the city, I phoned Wade on my cell phone to let him know where I was. He was worried about me making the last sixty miles of my journey but I was confident I could make it with the four-wheel drive SUV.

Highway Fifty west of Pueblo was snow-covered but passable. Turning onto the county road toward Texas Creek was another story. The north-south road was drifted in several places. By the time I made it to Texas Creek, the snow was almost up to the front bumper. A deputy sheriff’s car was right behind me, traveling in my tracks. I figured it was Juanita’s husband, trying to make it home.

I made it to the ranch without any real problems. The snow-covered mountains in the distance made the ranch look all that more beautiful. My grandfather came out to help with my luggage. The snow was halfway up to our knees, soaking our pant legs but it felt great to finally be home.

“I better call Wade and let him know I made it all right.” I commented. “He was worried about me traveling in all this snow.”

“You get out of those wet slacks first.” J.D. commanded. “I don’t want the new bride coming down with a cold.”

After slipping out of my clothes and taking a hot shower, I slipped on a robe before going to the office. My grandfather was already on the phone with Wade. Their conversation was light-hearted, filled with anecdotes and quips about married life. J.D. intentionally made me wait to talk with my new husband. I finally managed to wrestle the phone from his hands. We talked for almost an hour, prattling on about our future plans.

The howling winds soothed me into a deep sleep that night. I cuddled a large pillow to my breasts, pretending it was Wade. Soon it would be!

The next morning, all but two of the ranch-hands made it to the Lazy K for breakfast. The roads had gotten worse overnight with the increased winds. Juanita and I sat talking after everyone had started their daily but abbreviated chores. She seemed as happy as me that I had finally gotten married.

Since there was an extra guestroom at the opposite end of the house from the other bedrooms, Juanita and I cleaned it out and moved my bedroom furniture into it. It would afford Wade and me more privacy especially when we were having sex. I didn’t want my grandfather hearing our moans and verbal remarks late at night. It would be too embarrassing for both of us.

The weather eased up some over the next couple of days. The temperatures were still in the teens but the wind had calmed down. Hearing a UPS truck pulling up to the house, I knew it had to be the first of Wade’s belongings from Fort Worth. We stacked most of it in the empty bedroom till I could go through it. One tall box contained Wade’s expensive golf clubs.

“I see Wade and I are going to get along great!” My grandfather exclaimed, spotting the golf clubs. “Those are Callaways! Best clubs on the market!”
