 I've always been the most submissive one in our relationship. That's just me by nature, when a man dominates me in his sexual role nothing is quite as exhilarating. How can I describe the thrill of my Jason, when he takes me to our bed and demands that I open my legs? Unless you like that sort of thing then I guess you can't understand the way his words runs through me like the strings on a puppet and command my body to move in a way that pleases him. How can I explain how my cunt just tingles when he tells me to do anything for him, how my whole body tunes in to being his slut and my whole demeanour changes once I hit that room, from an assertive business woman, to an eager whore willing to please her master. How can I explain that from the lounge to the bedroom a transformation occurs in us both, from gentle natured people to sex starved animals? 

We had discussed the role of power a few times before, he'd often ask me to be dominant for him, but it would just leave me in a fit of hopeless giggles in my attempt to be a commanding presence. It was no good it just wasn't in me. I tried the clothing, including leather, I tried chains, I tried a mask so that even if I smiled I might be able to use the tone of my voice, but I had to face it I was a useless Domme.

Things changed one night when I discovered the effect of one quite large glass of whisky upon me. Leading him to our room, the warmth of the spirit raced through my body. I felt like what could only be described as a growl forming in the pit of my being. Letting him into the room before me I close the door behind him.

“Strip!”

His look of shock was a picture, but the defiant grin that spread across his face - instead of creasing me in laughter as per norm, caused me to bark once more “I said fucking Strip!” The grin changed and he stood towering above me slowly removing his clothes. My eyes devoured his beautiful body; he is the most handsome man I have ever laid eyes upon. At well over six foot tall, his body is well toned, his arms so big and strong, his legs finely honed towers of strength. His stomach so firm yet so soft to kiss and touch. He is like a god before me that I want to worship, but tonight I wanted to dominate him, to control him completely.

As he slid his boxers over those amazing thighs and stepped from them I pushed him back onto the bed, he sat there with a look of astonishment, yet a hint of excitement. My five foot seven frame, felt comical to me in the sense of strength that I that I now revelled.

“Lay back, arms out, legs wide” He obeyed and slipped into position for me. I couldn’t help but notice his nine inch shaft growing, it’s firmness lifting it from his thighs to an upright state, oh god how I love his cock, just imagine nine inches of flesh, a smooth head an almost angry red colour, yet to the fingers or tongue so soft and satin like to the touch. This wonder of nature has a curve to it that I love to lick, to kneel in between his strong thighs and run my tongue from the base right to the tip. A cock that moulds inside of me so perfectly that each movement teases my every inch of cuntal wall. So there lay my wondrous giant, my tender loving man - offering his body to me, how could I refuse?

I slipped down to just my body suit, a black velvet one-piece suit edged with delicate black lace, the soft-scooped neckline enhanced my more than modest cleavage and made me feel so sexy, I turned to show him my arse framed by lace, the lace thong back creating a look of length to my short frame. I smiled with devilment as I showed him that the way to open this clothing was three small pop fasteners; my fingers ran over the velvet at the crotch as I stood with one foot lifted onto the bed.

Walking over to the chest of drawers I removed five of my silk scarves, letting them fall from their folds, I walked the length of the bed letting the soft silk run over his skin. Leaning over him my breasts close to his face I started to tie his right wrist to the post of the bed. As his mouth moved to kiss at my neck, I brought my hand upon his forehead and pushed him down.

“Don’t move unless I say, you do not do anything unless I say, is that understood?”

He grinned and nodded; I had to turn my face to hide the grin that also spread my face. Moving back I tied his left wrist, checking the knots were secure, I wandered back down the bed, running the remaining three scarves over his now stiff member. I secured his ankles in the same fashion, double checking the knots; I didn’t want him to be able to move too much. Finally, as I crawled up the bed between his spread thighs, one scarf left in my hand, I laid flat upon his chest and then drew my legs up over his so that I sat on his stomach. Tugging his hair I lifted his head and bound the scarf so that he was blindfolded. Sitting back upon him, I smiled softly down on my love, watching his already speeding breath. One gentle kiss on his lips as I began to slide back down his wonderful torso, my weight supported by my knees, grazing his hardness with the velvet crotch of my body suit. Feeling him push his hips up towards me, I moved forward quickly, wrapping my lips around his nipple, I sucked it up and then bit him hard. He yelped in pain as I gripped the now hard nip with my teeth. Replacing the grip from my teeth to my nails, I sat up keeping my face close to his ear.

“I told you not to fucking move unless I said so, you disobey and I shall bite, scratch and claw, I am not kidding babe. Nod if you understand me, I don’t want to even hear a moan from you, OK?”

He nodded in earnest, so off I went again, moving down his body, till I rested on his thighs. Stretching my body forward I began to plant whispery kisses upon his body, trailing my tongue in the wake of the kisses. Trails of dampness laced across his gorgeousness, with gentle blows upon him the wet paths rose in gooseflesh. His whole body tensed as I got to his naval, I waited as I anticipated his next move, and I knew he would want to thrust against my cleavage as it caressed the crown of his cock. I laughed loudly as he did just that, my hand pushed down his stomach as I moved my lips to the loose flesh of his balls and began to bite softly at first at the skin gripped in between my teeth, he growled in pain as I increased the pressure.

“When will you learn my love? Tonight I am in charge…”

He flopped back against the pillows as if in resignation to the fact that Kate was indeed in command of the situation. Grasping his cock with my left hand, I pulled the foreskin back down to the base and held it firmly, licking the palm of my right hand, I wrapped that round the top of his shaft and began to slowly yet firmly stroke my hand up and down. As his breathing increased in speed my movements stayed slow and consistent. I ignored the need of his cock to be fucked by my hand faster, and continued with a slow teasing stroke. When his hips began to move slowly beneath me I moved my head forward and placed my teeth upon the rim of his cock, he gasped as I started to intensify the pressure, needless to say his moving soon stopped. Leaving my mouth there I began to lick at his luscious cock, moving his member from the base in circles on my tongue. Gentle flicks of wetness probed against his cum hole, as I began to increase the speed of my teasing, his cock began to twitch and move with each caress of my soft velvet tongue. His breath came sharp and short as I drew him to the edge, and then abruptly stopped.

Climbing off him, I moved to the side of the bed and just stared at him. I did not touch him at all, just sat stock-still. After a few minutes of this silence, his head moved, he was trying to sense what I was doing, his impatience building, his desire and need, and his frustration showing in the tensing against his binds.

“Kate?” I placed a finger on his lips to quiet him.

“I’m here, now hush…”

Leaving the bed I unlocked the top drawer of my bedside cabinet and removed a small lipstick shaped vibrator, I started to run this down the line of hair that ran from naval to groin, circling around his balls gently, moving the speed dial from slow to fast as his cock began to harden once more. Running the vibrator up and down his shaft, I giggled as his body began to tense against his natural instinct to move, joining with the small dildo against his cock, I began to suck softly, wetting him with my tongue, moving my head up and down over his crown, just rubbing his foreskin back and fro over the rim, my movements were smooth yet jerky, firm yet careful. Small whimpering like sounds came from his lips as I began to suck even more firmly upon his glorious man meat. Drawing him to the edge once more, I slowed down my movements deliberately. A groan escaped him as I stopped, he involuntarily thrust his hips upwards towards my mouth, I dodged him and brought my hand down in a large slap against his thigh, the sting of my hand shocked him to stillness, he was gasping in his need. 

Oh the thrill of the power then overcame me, I began to torture him with random licks, kisses and nibbles all over his body, always brushing against his cock yet not touching it fully. How far could I go I wondered as I watched his face flush from the teasing of my hands and mouth? His cock was raging hard now, almost quivering from the need to cum. 

Crawling back up his body, I straddled his face, reaching down I slowly undid the fastenings one by one. I watched as his tongue parted his lips and ran over them. He breathed in deeply through his nose, as he could smell the musky scent of my moist cunt. He groaned as I brushed his lips with my pussy and gyrated my hips slowly over his face. As his tongue darted to taste me, I lifted from him and moved down once more across his body, running the moistness of my cunt over his chest.

Coming to his cock, I raised myself so that my pussy teased and played against him. Allowing the tip to just enter then withdrawing it again and again.

An amazing roar left him, and he thrust his hips up ramming his cock into me. I moaned in delight as the thickness filled me and stretched my now soaking cunt. I pushed myself down firmly and just sat there with his shaft filling me deeply.

“Tell me, tell me babe, what you want?”

“Kate for fucks sake, let me fuck you, let me fucking loose woman!!”

Leaning forward still pierced by his cock, I kissed gently at his neck.

“Oh now Jason you can do it better than that…beg me sweetheart, beg me…”

His face turned red as he groaned and relented.

“My god woman, I beg you, I beg you let me go, I want to fuck that pussy of yours, I need you baby, please oh fucking please let me go….”

I sat there so still upon his solidness, I made his wait until I felt his strong body begin to writhe beneath me. Jumping from him, I ran round the bed struggling with each scarf till he was loose, then as he sat and ripped off the blindfold, I stood flushing with excitement at the end of the bed, trembling as he walked towards me, his cock proud and firm before him. With swift movements, he threw me to my hands and knees on the bed, his cock went straight into my hungry cunt, and he fucked me like never before, his hips ramming harshly against my arse, till I was sure I would bruise, each thrust a heavenly delight to me. After about thirty powerful thrusts, he yanked my hair and began to convulse as we both climaxed powerfully. Falling side-by-side panting heavily with the beauty of the sensations still in our bodies, we curled up and held each tight.

As I drifted to sleep, I smiled softly to myself as his cum spilled from my ravaged cunt...