 "That will be all Bri, thank you," I said, dismissing my secretary and watching her leave my office. My eyes were fixed to the sight of her sexy heart shaped ass swaying from side to side as she walked away in 4 inch heels, making her already long legs seem like they led straight to heaven. My cock, which was already hard thanks to the glimpses of her bra covered tits on display through the low cut white blouse she wore, gave another throb in my pants. 

It had been over a week since I'd last had my cock buried in a tight wet cunt and I was incredibly horny. A week full of meetings and reviews and other events succeeded in bringing my sex life to a temporary standstill. As I reached down and adjusted the hard, throbbing cock bulging my pants I thought back to the first time I had seen Bri's sexy little body. She had come in for a job interview, 18 years old, just out of high school, virtually no experience at all in being a personal assistant. She was eager to prove herself though, extremely eager, begging me to give her a chance even as she knelt before me and engulfed my cock in her mouth. 

I had hired her, but had not touched her since that day, choosing to force a professional relationship with her like I did with the other secretaries in the office. It was no secret that she was open to a more physical relationship as well, she got her thrills by wearing the sluttiest outfits she could get away with and teasing me mercilessly. Today was no different, she had purposely dressed like a slutty librarian, complete with glasses and her hair held up in a long ponytail. She knew how busy I had been, and I think she could sense my increasing frustration. The whole time she took notes during our conference call I could feel her eyes on me, almost begging me to treat her like the little whore she was. 

Images of her flashed behind my eyes, dressed in increasingly sexy outfits, flashing me glimpses of her sexy lingerie or bare flesh. With a growl I stood up from my desk, ignoring the fact that my cock was very obviously leading my way out the door. As I approached her desk I ground my rock hard shaft against her arm and leaned down do growl in her ear, "Get in my office right now." 

She stood up, her arm dragging along my shaft until her hand was cupped around it and squeezing. "Yes sir, Mr. Stone," she said and turned to walk into the office. I was right behind her and as soon as she was inside I slammed the door shut behind us. Grabbing her from behind I pulled her ass against my raging cock and ripped open her blouse, buttons pinging off of the walls as I tore it from her body. My teeth grazed her neck as I pushed her towards my desk. 

Unzipping her short gray skirt I let it fall, leaving her standing there in very sexy French bra and panties, her bare legs spread apart as she tried to steady herself on her heels as I moved her body into position. As her legs collided with the edge of my desk I filled my hands with her big teen breasts through the bra, squeezing roughly, scraping my 3 day old beard over her neck and shoulder. Forcing words through my growling I asked, "Is this what you wanted little slut? Is this what you've been waiting for? Always dressing like a filthy whore wanting your boss to take you and shove his thick cock into you?" 

A moan escaped her mouth as she breathed hard and fast, grinding her body backwards against my cock. "Yes sir!" she exclaimed. "Use me! Take me! I need another taste of your cock! Please make me your filthy whore!" Her words surprised me, and turned me on even more. Pulling her bra off I again roughly kneaded her breasts as I stood behind her. 

Finally I bent her over my desk, forcing her tits down against the hardwood surface. Her hands were at her sides but she attempted to reach back for my member, trying to help me free it from my pants. With a loud growl of warning I bent her arms and laid them across her back next to each other. Ripping my belt off I looped it around her arms and bound them tight. "Don't even try it little slut. You will lay there and take what I give you, you only get to touch my cock if I tell you do. Understand?" 

Bri nodded, her blonde ponytail bouncing as she tried to show me through her excitement that she understood. SMACK! A loud slap echoed through the room as my hand found her ass where it stuck out of her sexy panties. "Do you understand little whore?" I asked again. 

"AAAAH! Yes sir!" she squealed, her breath coming in even shallower gasps. Thrusting my pants down and releasing my thick stiff member I stepped up behind her. She could sense the proximity of my cock and again tried to grind back on it, again getting a smack across her ass. Finally she lay there face down on the desk, forcing her body to be still, but unable to stop her legs from quivering. 

Leaning over her I said with a growl, "No more fucking the mail boy or the other partners my little whore. From now on, your pussy is mine, and mine only." Without another word I pulled her panties to the side and shoved my cock into her, fucking her hard and fast. My cock was like a jackhammer splitting her pussy wider than it had ever been forced before. 

Her unbidden screams made the window shake before I was able to gag her with her torn shirt. "Hush little slut." I growled again, "I'm going to give you exactly what you want" I continued to fuck her, my hand grabbing her ponytail and twisting it, pulling her head back. Even as her pussy clenched around me, an orgasm forcing its way through her body, I refused to stop pounding her. Despite the buildup of a week's worth of cum I was able to force another orgasm from her before I felt my shaft swelling. 

Finally pulling from her I grabbed her hair and pulled her back, forcing her to the floor in front of me. Her mouth opened just in time to receive my thick prick as I pushed it in her face. Two thrusts into her hot mouth and I was cumming with a roar, my body tense as my cock sprayed a torrent of cum into her throat. Her eyes met mine as I filled her mouth to overflowing and I saw the pleasure there, the pleasure of knowing that she was mine, that I had finally taken her and claimed her. 

I knew that she would be mine from that moment on, and that thought kept my cock from softening completely, soon swelling inside her mouth as she continued to clean the thick shaft of our cum.