 It took me almost four months to work up the courage to talk to her. It wasn't that she was bitchy, or aloof or frigid. It was the opposite, actually. Claire was friendly to everyone, always ready with a smile or a happy word. I assumed, from previous experience being around girls as hot as her, that she was faking it. That every part of her hated dealing with people she thought of as inferior and she only smiled to keep us all from bothering her longer.

That wasn't it. She really was sweet, funny, caring. At eighteen, she was still in her last year of high school, and probably had high school boys falling left and right in her wake. Claire was just over five feet, dirty blonde, and petite. She she probably weighed one-fifteen soaking wet, and her ass was a tight, round bit of perfection that melded flawlessly into her round, shapely hips. Her breasts weren't huge, probably a B, but they looked bigger on her small frame. Her hair was long and straight, hanging to between her shoulder blades, and her lips were plump, her nose a small, cute button below hazel eyes that shone when she smiled.

I worked with Claire at a department store in the mall, the sort of place that every mall has and that every teenager in the world has been in at some point. The store sold band t-shirts, hats, gag gifts, lingerie and toys. I had worked there for the better part of two years, having gotten the job so that I could make a little extra money while I finished grad school. At twenty-seven, I was a little older than most of the grads in my department, and enough older than Claire that I was hesitant to talk to her. I didn't want to come off as a creeper.

To be honest, I didn't really want to have sex with her. That's not true, I suppose. Rather, I really didn't think Claire would ever put me in her pool of possible sexual partners, nor was she really a girl I would normally go for. Gorgeous she was, but she was also nine years younger than me, and still in high school. 

For the most part, Claire and I just worked around each other. We weren't unfriendly, but we weren't close either. When I say it took me a while to work up to talking to her, I don't mean we never said anything at all to each other. She would ask a couple of questions here and there, I would answer. Always about work stuff, always brief. It wasn't unpleasant or uncomfortable, just utilitarian, I suppose.

During a few rushes, Claire and I worked the registers side-by-side, but given the nature of purchasing rushes, we didn't really have time to socialize. I'm sure it was an interesting sight to see us standing next to each other. Claire, like I said, was a small girl, cute and always friendly-looking. 

I, on the other hand, have never been small. I played football in high school, and was always on the line. I am just a hair under six feet, and broad. I weigh somewhere between two-hundred and two-twenty. I don't really know, to be honest. I work out some, but not to the point where I've ever gained any sort of real definition. I mostly just like to be able to move furniture around my apartment without having to bother friends to help, and not have love handles. I have a beard, close-cropped and well-maintained, and a lot of tattoos. I keep my hair buzzed close to my scalp, and have glasses. I've heard people describe me as a very scary-looking nerd.

I didn't start talking to Claire at work. I think that if work had been the only time I ever saw her, we probably never would have gotten to know each other any better. There would have been no reason to, really.

It started at a movie.

I went out by myself. I like people, and have friends, but I also get into moods where I just like to be alone. I'm not depressed when I do, or angry. Anti-social, I guess, but not vehemently so. I had one of those nights. Didn't want to be around anyone, but didn't want to sit at home either. So I went to a movie.

It wasn't a very good movie, thought I've seen worse. It had been out for a week or so and had just managed to make enough money to be in the theater for another week. I bought a ticket, found a seat. There was nobody else there.

I fished out my cell phone and turned the volume off, checking a Facebook notification while I was at it. As I put the phone back in my pocket I slid low in my seat, making myself comfortable as the lights darkened and the previews started. A young couple came in and sat in the row in front of me, probably unaware of me. That was why I loved going to movies when I was in an anti-social mood. Nobody really looks around dark theaters.

I realized after they sat down that the girl was Claire. I debated saying something, but it looked like she was on a date, so I didn't. If anything, I could say hi after the movie.

The previews ended and the movie started. I was dimly aware of what is a time-honored and possibly cliche scenario playing out in front of me. The boy she was with yawned and stretched, letting his arm come down around Claire's shoulders. She ignored it, for the most part. The kid was one of those Bieber lookalikes, shaggy hair, hat at an angle, pants that look like they're trying to trip him.

A few minutes later, I saw Claire shrug away from him, her hand pushing his away from her chest and back to her shoulder. A few minutes after that, he tried again and I heard her sigh as she pushed him away again.

"Come on," he whined. "It'll be fun." He reached his free hand between Claire's legs and grabbed for her crotch.

"Fuck you!" Claire spat and shoved at him. He pushed back, and suddenly she was struggling to get him off of her as he tried to shove his hand down her pants.

I don't like assholes. From a young age, they have bothered me, and as I've gotten older, that bothering has turned into a deep anger.

I sat forward in my seat and shot my hand forward, knocking the stupid hat off as I grabbed a fistful of hair and yanked back, pulling him against his seat and cranking his head back until his face was pointed at the ceiling. With my free hand, I reached over Claire's shoulder and slipped two of my fingers between his hand and her breast, grabbing some of his fingers and pulling, wrenching his hand back and up, bending the fingers back until just before they snapped.

I put my face next to his, letting him feel my breath hot on his cheek.

"What the fuck do you think you're doing?" I asked slowly. He let out a pained grunt and tried to struggle away. I cranked just a tiny bit more pressure on his fingers, enough to feel the bones strain.

"Fuck you, man!" he yelled.

"Wrong," I said. I pulled his head back a little further, hauling so hard that he had trouble closing his mouth. "You need to say you're sorry."

"Fuck! Sorry!"

"Not to me," I said. I twisted his head around until he could see Claire, sitting open-mouthed and staring. "I don't care enough about you to need an apology. You need to tell her that you're sorry."

"I'm sorry! Claire, I'm so sorry!"

"Better," I said. "Now leave." I let go of his hand and shoved his head away from me, nearly pushing him out of the seat.

To his credit, his stupidity seemed to have reached it's limit, and he ran. One second he was there, the next he was gone, knocking over his drink in the process.

"You OK?" I asked Claire. I turned back to her and she was staring at me. "What? That guy was an ass."

She giggled. "Yeah, I got that. Thanks," she said.

"No problem."

"Though I now have no ride home," she continued.

"Don't worry about it. I'll give you a lift. Want to finish the movie?"

"Yeah," she said. Claire sat and looked at me for another few moments, then seemed to make up her mind about something. She stood up and smoothed down her clothes, a tight babydoll tee and a loose skirt that stopped right above her knee, and walked down her aisle, stepping over the pool of soda and the hat that were the only remnants of her date, and turned into my aisle. 

I stood up and moved the couple of things I'd dumped into the seat next to me and she sat, perching daintily next to me and crossing her legs. She sat back and kept staring at me.

"Want some popcorn?" I asked, offering the bucket I'd bought. "Or would you like to keep looking at me like I'm a unicorn or something?" I smiled at her as I finished.

Claire smiled and laughed, taking the bucket.

"Sorry," she said. "I've just never seen anything like that."

"What? A retard who models his life after Justin Bieber?" She lauged and slapped my arm.

"You know what I meant," she scolded.

"Yeah," I said. "I don't know what to tell you. Life as a superhero is tough."

Claire giggled and relaxed back into the seat, her arm brushing mine on the armrest. We watched the rest of the movie, laughing at the few funny parts, more often than not making each other laugh with little comments about what we were watching. There was only about forty-five minutes of movie left, and before I knew it, the credits were rolling.

"You hungry?" I asked. "Or do you just want to go home?"

"Holy shit, I'm starving! That dude took me to McDonald's. McDonald's! On a date!"

"Well, shit," I said. "Now I have to come up with a different idea." Claire laughed again. That laugh was quickly becoming one of my new favorite things. "How about Cranky's?" I asked, hoping she would go for it. Cranky's is a dive in town, one of my favorite places.

"Never been," she said.

"Well, I mean we could try it, or I could just drop you off outside the rock you live under. Whichever you prefer." That earned me another giggle, and swat at my shoulder.

"Fine, smartass. Wow me," she challenged, leaning over the armrest. I leaned in until our faces were just a few inches apart.

"Done, princess." I said. She grinned at me, and I noticed for the first time how her eyes shone when she smiled.

"Let's go," she said.

We left the theater and headed out to the parking lot. I led Claire to my car, an old but well-maintained sedan, and opened the passenger side door for her.

"Really?" she said, arching her eyebrows.

"What? I'm old-fashioned. Get in," I shot back.

Claire smiled again, and slid demurely onto the bench seat. I shut the door for her and drove to Cranky's. It wasn't a long drive, and it was mostly quiet. I caught Claire looking at me a few times before looking away quickly. She caught me looking at her, too. Each time, I caught her smiling before I looked away.

"This is the place you're planning to wow me with?" Claire asked skeptically as we pulled into Cranky's parking lot. I could understand where she was coming from, I guess.

Like I said, Cranky's is a dive. The outside has needed to be painted for as long as I've lived in town, and the roof looks like it wouldn't hold up in a light drizzle. It sort of looks like the kind of place where muggers go when they're feeling up for a little more danger in their lives.

"Just trust me," I said, reaching over and patting her leg without really thinking about it. "It's the best food in town." 

I looked over at her and realized both that I still had my hand on her knee and that she was smiling at me. I pulled my hand away, surprised at myself.

We went inside and sat at a small table in the corner. It's dark inside Cranky's. Not completely, but dark enough that it takes a second to adjust.

A waitress brought us some menus, which at Cranky's means she handed us a couple of beaten up, wrinkled sheets of paper with handwritten prices on them. I took mine and set it down, already knowing what I wanted. Claire looked hers over dubiously.

"What do you recommend?" she asked.

"Get the shrimp," I said immediately. "Trust me."

"Okay," she said. "I'll just let you order."

When the waitress came, I ordered a two-pound bucket of shrimp and a pitcher of Sam Adams Porch Rocker. After our server walked away, Amy leaned across the table.

"You know I'm not twenty-one, right?" she whispered.

"Yeah, but the beer goes really well with the shrimp, and I didn't hear you stopping me when I ordered it," I whispered back. "You have drank before, right?"

Claire just looked at me with and expression that said, "Duh".

"Alright, then don't worry about it. Besides, the pitchers are only enough for like two beers anway."

A few minutes later, the waitress arrived with a pitcher, two glasses, and our bucket of shrimp. I poured the beer and handed Claire a plate, and we dug in.

We talked as we ate, enjoying each other's company. We talked about movies, books, the conversation just kind of flowing naturally from one topic to the next. Claire was a lot more mature than I had expected, her opinions a lot more developed than I would've thought at her age. I understand that nine years isn't a huge difference, but eighteen year-olds these days don't seem to think about too many things. Claire was different, though.

I paid the bill and Claire used the restroom, meeting me at the car. I opened the door for her, and this time she just smiled at me and thanked me quietly. She gave me directions to her house, and I pulled up outside a few minutes later.

I hopped out of the car and walked around to her side, opening her door and giving her a hand out.

"You're kidding," she said with a smile.

"Nope. Just embarrassed that I forgot at the restaurant," I replied.

I walked her to her front door and waited while she fished her keys out of her purse.

"So," she said, looking up at me. "I had a really good time."

"Me too. Sorry it started out so shitty," I added.

"Yeah, well, my first date tonight was totally awful, but the second one made up for it," Claire said. She stood in front of me, holding her purse strap with both hands, her feet together, her eyes down as she rocked gently in her high-heeled sandals. "Well, thanks," she chirped after a second.

Before I really realized what was happening, Claire took two quick steps and hopped up on her tip-toes, kissing me on the cheek and wrapping me in a tight hug. I stood in shock for a moment before wrapping my arms around her waist and hugging her back. I could feel every inch of her pressed against me, her breasts against my chest, her flat belly against my less flat one, her hips and groin against my belt-line. She was warm, and soft, and smelled wonderful.

I felt myself stiffen slightly in my pants, and we were pressed together enough that she must have felt it too. Her breath let out softly against my neck and she pressed against my crotch just a little harder before letting go of me.

"Goodnight, Jay," she whispered, looking up at me.

"Goodnight," I whispered back, our lips just a few inches apart. Claire's eyes were bright and shining in the soft light above her front door. I leaned in farther, feeling my heart thud in my chest, and she leaned to meet me.

Our lips brushed, tentative, feeling for something. Whatever it was, they found it, and searched for more as they brushed together again, the pressure just a bit more, pressing softly, moving slowly, parting slightly, her tongue running lightly across my top lip, mine reaching out and finding hers. Our lips parted more, pressing closer, tongues sliding across each other, and we were making out in earnest. My hand slid up Claire's back to cup and caress the side of her face as I stepped forward and she melted, letting me push her back until we were pushed against her front door.

We broke from each other slowly, going from deep kisses to short, soft brushes of our lips. I opened my eyes to see Claire's flushed, smiling face right in front of me.

"You're a really good kisser," she said.

"I was just thinking that, actually," I replied. We still held each other, leaning against her door.

"So, this is Thursday," Claire continued.

"Right," I said, not sure where she was going with that.

"Which means tomorrow is Friday, and we should totally go out again." She looked up at me hopefully, as if I would ever be able to come up with the willpower or desire to turn down that offer.

"Deal," I said. "I'll pick you up at five, and take you somewhere that's a little less shit-holeish." She giggled and kissed me again, pressing her hips against my still-stiff cock.

"Sounds great. But right now, I have to go inside before my parents actually look out here and see me making out with someone they don't know." We pulled apart and she unlocked the door, stepping inside and flashing me another smile before pushing the door closed and mouthing, "See you tomorrow."

I drove home smiling, completely taken by surprise. I had never expected to talk to Claire about anything other than work, let alone make out with her and wind up with a date. 

The next day was full of classes and homework. The life of a grad student is a life of reading, writing, and thinking a lot about things that are sometimes very interesting, and sometimes very boring. My last class ended at one, and I spent a couple of hours in my apartment pouring over homework and working on a paper. I tried my best not to get overly excited about my date.

It worked, sort of. 

I hopped in the shower at four, scrubbing the day off, and dressed in a pair of dark-wash jeans that a female friend had once told me made me look like I "actually have an ass" and a lime green button-down shirt. I threw on a dark grey and lime green-striped tie, and a dark gray six-button vest. 

I got to Claire's house about five minutes early, and was greeted at the door by her mother.

"You must be Jay," her mother said in a tone that gave away neither approval nor disapproval.

"Yes ma'am," I replied. Claire's mother was, more or less, an older version of Claire. She was short, slender without being skinny, and dirty-blonde. She was a very attractive woman, probably fifteen years older than me.

"Come in," she said, stepping back from the door. "Claire should be down in a minute."

"Thank you," I said.

"Be careful with my daughter, Jay. She's young."

"Yes ma'am, I know. She is very smart, though, and won't get any trouble from me," I said.

"Good," her mother called over her shoulder as she walked out of the room. "Have fun tonight."

"Thank you, ma'am," I replied.

I waited for Claire for only a few minutes, but given that I had been left alone in a place I'd never been before, it felt much longer. When she finally came down the stairs, I realized that it had been worth the wait.

Her hair framed her face, her makeup light, but perfect. She wore a blue dress with thin spaghetti straps that hugged her breasts and stomach but was loose around her thighs. It stopped six inches above her knees. A small, open sweater covered her shoulders and stopped just below her breasts, showing cleavage but giving an impression of some modesty and a lot more class than girls her age normally had. The outfit was finished off with a pair of heeled sandals that matched her sweater and her small clutch.

"Ready?" she asked, smiling that she had caught me staring.

"Absolutely," I said, just managing not to stutter. She was gorgeous.

Claire glided over to me and slipped her arm into mine.

"Bye, Mom!" she called out as we left.

The night was wonderful. We ate at one of the nicer restaurants in town, a place that isn't too fancy, but the food is good and it makes a better impression than Cranky's. After dinner, I took her to a play, one of the shows that the university puts on a few times every semester. Claire was wonderful to talk to; smart, funny, incredibly educated for someone finishing high school.

After the show, I drove Claire home and parked in front of her house, again getting out before she did and letting her out, then walking her to her door. Claire walked with her arm in mine, her head resting against my shoulder.

"I had a really good time, again," she said, smiling up at me. "You're easily the most polite date I've ever had."

"I guess maybe I'm just old-fashioned," I said back, returning her smile.
