 Claire had it all -- a great boyfriend, a job she loved, and a cozy little apartment. Yet... she found she was lonely. Her boyfriend Alan worked nights, leaving for work an hour before she got home and arriving just in time to substitute for her alarm clock most mornings. Even weekends were spent alone, since he stayed in bed through most of Saturday after getting home at dawn, and stayed up all of Sunday night while she slept. It was rough, but then again, it was good enough. Wasn't it?

The morning after her dream, Claire knew it wasn't. She awoke flushed, glad that for once Alan was running late -- probably stuck in early commuter traffic. Her dream had been vivid, and more erotic than most of the admittedly tame fantasies she had come up with on her own.

Claire watched as her ex, Tyler, lounged on the wooden kitchen chair as if he were an exotic cat eyeing prey from a tree limb. His long, sinewy arms draped along the table top and over the back of the chair, while his denim-clad legs stretched out in a V in front of him. She couldn't help but follow the row of buttons down his blue plaid shirt, from the open collar to his crotch. His mother was in the next room, writing "the next Great American Novel", but Claire ignored the risk as she licked her lips, remembering how incredible he was in bed... and everywhere else he had driven her mad with desire.

He grinned predatorily, flashing his teeth in a smirk. "You're not even listening, are you, Lissa?" He was the only man who ever called her that, a nod to the second half of "Clarissa". Claire's eyes snapped up to his, only to see the glint of satisfaction in them as he read her mind and her body language.

"I am..." she lied.

"I bet you would be listening if I told you to come here and sit on my lap." Tyler rumbled softly. She trembled slightly at his voice, so deep and alluring. She could almost feel his chest vibrating with the sound, and it made her want to sit on his lap and press her small, firm breasts against his chest. Sitting like that, the vibrations would stimulate her nipples and make them hard... which would in turn make him hard for her.

It seemed, however, that he needed no such prompting tonight. She could see already that his 8 inch cock was partially hard, making his jeans bulge slightly. Fully erect, he would have a hard time removing them. His eyes and voice beckoned to her, and before she knew it, she was straddling him, her bare legs around his waist and skirt hiked up to barely cover her ass. He gazed into her eyes for a long time, challenging her to kiss him first. She held off, and at last he kissed her so hard that the inside of her lip split against a tooth.

"Mmph!" she reacted to the pain, but it was quickly swallowed by desire as his cock, now fully erect and straining against his jeans as if to explode through the fabric, aimed toward her soaking pussy. Claire didn't know whether she was glad or disappointed that she had worn the skirt -- pants may have shown the wetness spreading between her legs. Her mind was made up, though, when he roughly shoved his hand under her panties, grabbing and pulling her ass so that she was pressed even harder against him. His other hand held the back of her head while his tongue worked inside her mouth, teasing her, promising what was to come. They didn't even mind -- or notice -- when his mother walked in on them... and then quickly walked out again.

He broke the kiss, staring hungrily into her eyes as he prepared to stand with her still wrapped around his waist so that they could move to the bedroom, or at least a room with a door that could be closed...

Her eyes flashed open to the sun streaming through the skylight, and she immediately noticed her heavy breathing and her hand on her pussy, which was just as wet as it had been in her dream. She idly pressed her fingers against her clit, wishing she could sink back into the dream and finish the climax with the best lover she'd ever had. Suddenly, two things invaded her reverie.

