 A fly landed on the edge of the papers. Leaning forward Claire brushed it away before returning her attention to the note in her other hand. In just over two weeks the new school year would begin which, for Claire, presented the first major challenge in her fledgling teaching career. She was aware that at twenty-two years old she was still a young teacher but in the current climate there was little room for granting newcomers allowances. Today she promised herself would see all systems ready, she was sure of the syllabus content and if she was not prepared now she never would be. In addition it was mid-August, the weather was hot and Claire had to top up her tan.

Tidying all the papers up Claire put them back in to the folio folder and gathered together her pens, ruler and mobile telephone. Cradling everything into her arms she crossed the patio and entering the kitchen, her eyes adjusted to the apparent darkness of coming in from the strong sunlight, she placed everything on the kitchen table. Standing in front of the mirror Claire took a hair band and tied her long brown hair up so her face and shoulders would not be covered while she sunbathed. Behind her reflection she saw her sister, Emma, stride into the kitchen. "Claire, I am off to the hairdressers then I will go down the gym to release a bit of my anger."

"Am I to take it that things between you and Steve haven't improved?"

"Don't even mention HIM," she said, the tone of her voice and look on her face showed the anger, hurt and frustration she had for her current boyfriend. "I can't work him out Claire I was ready to give him head last night and he didn't want to know. He just pushed me away, we haven't been intimate for the last week."

"You were going to give him head!" Claire replied. The surprise was due to the fact that Steve was, in Emma's words, the owner of the largest dick she had ever seen. For this reason she had confessed to Claire that she was reluctant to give him oral pleasure because she said it hurt her jaw. Claire felt the biggest pain for Emma was having her mouth open without bragging and gloating to Claire about the size of her Steve's cock. An uncharitable thought and Claire immediately felt guilty.

"If he is going off me, its his loss. I will get my hair done and see which of the nice fit lads are down the gym. By the way Claire if he rings, you don't know where I am or who I'm with, you got that." I nodded, used to my older sister's manner towards me.

"Sure, I'll lie for you Emma." She didn't get the irony in my voice. I just wished she'd get a move on so I could get back in the garden. 

"Later Claire." With that Emma was out of the door. 

Grabbing her shades Claire walked into the garden. The sun lounger was already in the sun, it had been an incentive for Claire while she finalised her paperwork, a tantalising promise of an afternoon laid out in the rays. The beauty of the patio was it was peaceful and fairly secluded.

Claire sat on the recliner, flicking her feet to let her flip-flops fall to the floor, easing her blue shorts down Claire applied sun cream to her long slender legs. At a little over 5' 9'' tall Claire's legs were a stunning feature to her tall appearance. The cream felt cool in the warmth of the sun as it was rubbed smoothly into her freshly shaven legs. Her fingers gently smeared the last of the lotion under the edge of her yellow bikini briefs. Grabbing the bottom of her baggy t-shirt Claire lifted the top over her head. Dropping her clothes to the discarded flip-flops Claire poured generous quantities of sun cream over her chest and shoulders.

Laying in the sun Claire closed her eyes and savoured the warm sun on her body. She would love to have gone topless but given the strict upbringing her parents had given her she would no more have gone to the shops nude than take her bikini top off in the family garden. Suddenly the doorbell disturbed the peace. "Shit, Emma why don't you use your key!" Claire muttered to herself. As she started to get up and made for the door she checked herself, what if it's not Emma. She cursed under her breath and quickly put her shorts and flip-flops on. Walking through the house she pulled her t-shirt on.

Opening the door Claire was shocked to see Steve "Hi Steve."

"Hello Claire is Emma around?"

"Sorry Steve she's out." Claire said thanking herself that she wasn't technically lying.

"Oh come on Claire, I just want to have five minutes with her. I know she chats to you so I guess she has told you that we have had a troubled week."

Claire blushed "I got an inkling but I don't want to get involved......anyway I am telling you the truth she went out less than 10 minutes ago. Don't ask me where she went but she said she would be gone a while."

"Okay, sorry to give you a hard time. Can I ask a favour Claire?"

"Sure."

He grinned at her "It's kind of embarrassing but I am busting for a pee."

"God, I am sorry come in." It then dawned on Claire the rudeness of keeping Steve on the doorstep. Steve was a regular guest at the house and he dashed straight to the bathroom. She closed the front door just because Emma was pissed at Steve didn't mean Claire should treat him differently. As he came down the stairs Claire called out to him "Got time for a drink Steve?"

"Okay, if it's no bother." He replied.

"Don't be stupid Steve, course it's no trouble. You driving?" He nodded "A coke do you?"

"Cheers!"

She fixed a drink each and walked into the back garden. "Let's sit in the sun." She suggested motioning to Steve that he could sit on the lounger while Claire squatted down on the lawn opposite so they could chat. "So how's work?" Claire said in an attempt to kill the silence she thought Steve's work may be the reason why he and Emma were having problems.

"Things are going well right now." He said and as Claire looked at him she noticed that from where she was sitting her line of vision was parallel to Steve's groin. Straight away she remembered the description that Emma had given her. Subconsciously Claire licked her lips. "Are you alright Claire?"

"Sorry......yes...no.. I mean yes, sorry."

He laughed, "You seemed to drift off. I guess you have been busy and were relaxing so I best make a move." With that he made to get up.

"No, sorry I am being rude. Please have your drink." Claire gestured for him to stay and he sat back down, he shifted to get comfortable. The material of his shorts moved and the tip of his penis was just visible. Claire froze; there she was her face less that six feet from the dick of her sister's boyfriend. The head of Steve's cock was clearly hanging below the bottom of his shorts and all Claire could think of was that she hoped more would become visible. 

"Claire, can I ask you a question?" Steve said, "It's just don't you think you should stop looking at my cock!"

"Shit." Claire blurted out as her face coloured and she dashed into the kitchen. She went to the sink pouring a glass of water. Her hands shock as she drank the cool liquid and slowly she began to calm down.

She turned and saw Steve standing by the kitchen table. "I am sorry Claire, I didn't mean to embarrass or upset you."

"I should be apologising Steve, it's I...... sorry there's really no excuse. Please don't say anything to Emma." Steve walked over to her and lightly placed his hands on her hips, she motioned to move away from him but then something stopped her and she let him lightly hold her. She looked up into his face, "Steve, this feels wrong. What's going on?"

"Claire, it is cool. You see Emma told me how she had told you that I have a large penis and she said you were fascinated by the thought of it." Claire blushed and Steve put his hand under her chin. Slowly he lifted her face to his, then he moved closer but put his mouth to her ear and slowly whispered in her ear "We will be alone for a bit yet won't we? You see I saw Emma go and she had her gym bag with her."

"You dirty bastard Steve you set this up." Claire shouted and tried to push him from her.

"Look, Emma and I are finished, things have just run their course. I no longer will look at you as a little sister and whilst we couldn't ever be an item I think.....well I will be honest she's been a cow to you teasing you about me. She even told me she heard you masturbating in bed once and you said my name as you came. That night she came to my place and fucked me but insisted that I think of you and call her Claire." 

This shocked Claire and she felt the tears prick her eyes. How could Emma be like this, her own sister so spiteful, or was this merely a rouse by Steve to get at his soon to be ex through her own sister. However, this thought was pushed aside by the realisation that here she was with the object of her fantasy since Emma first told her about Steve's dick. Then she felt Steve hold her a bit closer and she felt his breath on her neck. Then he lightly kissed her neck. "Mmmmm you smell nice, the feel of your lotioned skin. You have better skin than Emma." Then she felt Steve's left hand on her right wrist, "Do you want to touch me."

"Yes....please....but this...." She gasped and realised that he moved her hands she was offering no resistance. Her fingers touched the soft flesh and she realised it was the tip of Steve's foreskin, she flinched then her fingers closed around the tip of his cock. Emma had not lied, Steve was like no man Claire had handled before as her fingers could circle the head of his dick but she could feel he was flaccid and if her got much fatter it would be difficult for her to circle him with one hand. "Jesus Steve, you aren't even hard yet, are you?" She whispered.

"Do you want to see me naked Claire?" He said and she just nodded silently.

"But not here Steve." She took his hand and led him away. She quickly grabbed the ruler from her papers and slide it into the back waistband of her shorts. "Go to my room Steve, sit on the bed and wait for me I will be a moment, don't do anything yet." She went into the bathroom; closing the door she saw her reflection. "What are you doing Claire?" If anyone came home now, Mum, Dad or Emma every scenario was a disaster. But, despite this she had finally seen Steve's cock and she wanted, no needed, it. She no longer cared if Steve was telling the truth; her hand fell to her waistband and dived below into her pubic hair. She felt her clit sticking proudly forward and when her fingers felt her gash she could feel her juices; she could not remember the last time that she had been this wet.

She quickly took off her shorts and t-shirt; her yellow bikini set with the red dots complemented her tanned skin. She remembered Steve's comment that her skin felt nicer than Emma's. She was adamant that not only would she see his erect cock but feel it. Turning she opened the door and walked across the landing to her room. "Steve, get undressed for me, please I want to see how you measure up!" She said winking and waving her ruler from side to side.

"Sure." He said grinning. Claire sat on the end of her bed and Steve stood before her taking his top off revealing a muscled torso, which was perfectly smooth. Without a word he stepped out of his shorts. Claire was mesmerised as his dick swung slowly from side to side as each leg stepped out of his shorts. His stomach was toned and he had trimmed his pubic hair so that his shaft appeared even longer.

"That's very impressive Steve." Claire said and Steve grinned as she placed the ruler along side his member. "And six inch when you're not even hard! You seem to take more care over your pubes than I do." She said laughing. "Any chance of seeing the beast ready for action?"

Steve then upped the stakes "Make me hard and you can use it." Claire leaned forward and placed small tender kisses on his shaft. She looked up and noticed his eyes were shut so she took advantage and placed his dick in her mouth. She could feel him swelling, she let his cock fall from her mouth, and started to stoke his stiffening dick. Claire let out a gasp as her hand closed over Steve's now solid erection. According to the ruler he was a touch over nine and a half inches long and his girth was almost too big for her hand. "Can you take that Claire?"

She wasn't going to have Steve lord it over her but she wanted to enjoy this monster. "I'll make you a deal Steve. If you can give me an orgasm while we fuck I will give you head and you can cum in my mouth."

"Seriously.....Emma would never do that!"

"I know and I bet there is nothing you want more is there? Now if you want it you have to do as I say....and don't say a word, deal?" She stood and placed her fingers on Steve's lips "I want to be in control of you and please, just for me, don't make a sound." Steve just nodded. "Lay down on the bed." Claire commanded enjoying the power her promise had over Steve.

He lay on her bed with his dick standing proud, the traces of Claire's spittle caught the light, she stood facing him. "Remember, no noise just nod or shake your head. Do you like what you see?" Claire said as she walked to the side of the bed. Her hands went to the yellow string behind her bikini and undid the knot allowing the top to fall. Her 34C breasts swung in time with her steps. She noted Steve's penis twitched as he saw her boobs. She knew she was slightly bigger than her sister. Her large nipples were starting to stiffen, this part of her body was Claire's least favourite as she felt her nipples were to big and they took up a large part of her ample bosom. "If there is any chance of getting your monster in my pussy, you are going to have to get me much wetter, even though I am pretty damp. I guess the best bet would be for you to give me some oral delight first, eh Steve." 

With that she untied the knot at the side of her briefs. She swung her leg onto the bed and straddled his face. "Can you smell me Steve? God I am so very horny that I really need you to give me a good lick." She let the bottoms fall and lowered her wet pussy onto Steve's face. His tongue immediately sought out her clit, which was so hard and thrust from her brown curly pubes and dark violet skinned hood. "Mmmmm that feels good Steve, Emma always said she enjoyed riding your face. Go on push your tongue into my entrance..........wow that's so fucking dirty. I have changed my mind make me cum now, but let me turn round." 

She changed position so he was presented with her arse and pussy, she wiggled her butt and teased Steve "Go on you are supposed to me licking me." His tongue found her wet opening and he lapped back and forwards, then he pushed a finger into her puckered little arsehole. "Arrrgghhhh that feels to dirty, but Steve you are never going put your cock in there." To distract him she lent forward and started to lick up and down his shaft. "I am so close make me cum Steve then I will ride you." As he parted her outer lips he ran his tongue all over her clit.

Claire pulled her hips away from his face and grasped his penis. "I want to fuck you now, but it's my pace ok?" She looked over her shoulders and Steve was nodding. Claire slowly lowered her body down and placed the tip of Steve's penis against her pussy. She bit hard on her lower lip and carefully eased her tight vagina down his cock. The pain was intense but such a nice feeling as she felt her cunt filled by his erection. She lifted and fell only a short way at first but then increasing the rise and fall each time. She was getting used to accommodating him and turned her head "Sit up and hold my bust with one hand Steve, if you rub my nipples and finger my clit I am going to cum so hard you filthy sod." 

Steve didn't need telling twice and did as she said. He couldn't believe that Claire, Emma's quieter younger sister, was this filthy and fantastic in bed. Steve then felt Claire go limp in his arms and her pussy clamped on him. She shuddered as an orgasm tore through her body. Slowly she twisted her body from him and climbed on top of him, she kissed him full on the mouth. Looking into his eyes she said "I think I owe you, please don't take too long."

She lowered her self down his body and put his cock into her mouth. She opened her mouth as widely as she could and started to bob her head up and down on him. Her fingers ran over her clit rubbing herself she tried to cum with Steve. His moans and twitching warned her that he was getting close. She wanked his shafted with her free hand and clamped her mouth as tight as she could. The head of his dick was almost filling her mouth when suddenly Steve thrust upward and filled her mouth with his hot salty semen. Claire felt the unmistakable six squirts of cum and she sucked him hard felling the hot liquid slide down her throat.

Lifting herself from him Claire looked down. "Thank you Steve, that was fantastic. I am sorry that Emma and I won't be enjoying that anymore. We best get ourselves sorted out," Claire only saw Steve once more and that was the day he came round and broke off his relationship with Emma. They didn't make eye contact but she had one last look at his groin.