 Thank you all for the feedback on my first story, hopefully this 2nd one won't be the "difficult second album."

***

"How could I say no?" I thought. 

I had this incredible girl from my past here in front of me, on my couch and totally naked, breathing deeply after the orgasm I'd just given her with my tongue and fingers. And now, she wants me to fuck her. I'd be nuts to even have to think about it. I mean, Claire was incredible and she knew what she wanted and wasn't too timid to just go for it. 

Claire's hand ran over her breasts, across her stomach and down to her pussy. She started to slowly but firmly rub her clit.

"Dan, that was incredible, but I want more. I want you to fuck me. And I mean really fuck me. Just the thought of it is getting my pussy even wetter." Claire said breathlessly. 

My eyes were fixed on her fingers working over her clit as she spoke. With her other hand, she reached out and wrapped her fingers around my cock, her grip firm but not painful. She pulled me towards her, so my knees where against the sofa edge. Once I was there, Claire sat up and wrapped her lips and tongue around my hard again dick, but only for a moment before she turned over and got on her knees in front of me, facing away. She reached back between her now spread legs and again grabbed my cock, lining it up to her pussy. As the tip rested against her opening, I could feel the heat radiating from her.

"Now, fuck me." Was all she said. 

I grabbed her by the hips, my fingers pressing into her flesh and pulled her back onto me as I brought my hips forward to meet her. In no time at all, I was all the way in. I heard her moan in satisfaction as her head dropped down to rest on the back of the sofa. 

I started fucking her at a good pace, always pulling her back towards me as I thrust forward, making our skin slap together as they met. Every so often Claire would tell me what she wanted, harder, faster, deeper and I obliged every time as best I could. At one point I stopped thrusting forward and took my hands off her hips, looking to move onto the carpet, but as I essentially stood still, Claire kept pushing back and then rocking forward again. I couldn't believe it, she was fucking herself on my cock. I was there purely as something for her to fuck, and I loved it. 

I brought my open palm down across her arse with a crack, hoping she'd be into it. As soon as I did it, she stopped dead and turned her head to look at me. 

"What was that?" she asked.

I thought I'd totally ruined it now, just as it was getting really good. 

"Sorry, heat of the moment thing, I..."

She cut me off. 

"If you're going to spank me while we fuck, at least do it properly. I want you to make it hurt. I want you to leave hand prints to remind me how hard you fucked me. Now, try again."

I will admit, I was a little surprised, but as I'd find out this was the tip of the iceberg with Claire. So, doing as I was asked, I brought my hand down on her arse again with a loud crack. In seconds there was red hand on her cheek, glowing red. 

"Fuck yes, punish me for being such a dirty bitch." She screamed. "Do it again, keep doing it while I fuck myself on your thick, hard cock. Punish me until I fuck myself to your liking."

She started rocking back and forwards gently, waiting for me to punish her the way she wanted. It took me a moment to register what was happening, but only a moment. I spanked her again, which made her let out a short cry before it turned into a satisfied groan. She picked her pace up, becoming more forceful as I kept spanking her, turning her are cheek a bright crimson red, the cries and groans growing louder each time. Before long I felt her pussy start to contract around my cock, her thrusts back becoming more forceful as her breathing became more ragged. With one last push back, she impaled herself as she came. 

Her arms gave way and she lay face down, still on her knees, arse in the air and breathing short and sharp, softly moaning to herself. I took a step back, my cock retreating from her tight, wet hole. I heard her let out a half-hearted protest, but only momentarily. I dropped to my own knees behind her and leant in to taste her pussy once again. After she'd came twice, it was different than before, but more addictive. I ran my tongue up from her clit to her opening before pressing my tongue in to her as far as I could reach. 

All I heard was a sharp intake of breath. No words, no sounds, just drawing in air. I carried on with my tongue, working over her clit, occasionally pressing my lips over it and sucking on it slightly, which made Claire's legs shake, so I'd do it without any warning, just to keep her on edge. Once I heard her start to make soft moaning noises again, I figured I'd change it up once more.

I started to run my tongue from her clit to her opening again, but this time I kept going until my tongue was at the edge of her arsehole. I could feel her body tense up as I got closer, so I stopped and started back at her clit, over and over again, getting closer to her arsehole each time until I had my tongue working it's way around her anal opening. Eventually, I focused my tongue solely on her arse, my fingers having found their way into her pussy.

As I used my tongue to put pressure on her tight hole, I felt it resist against the invasion. Just as I felt it give way and my tongue work it's way in, I heard Claire saying she's glad that she's not the only dirty fucker. I couldn't help but grin, but kept on pleasuring her arse and working my fingers in her pussy as she came again and this time, I could feel her tight arse contracting against my tongue as she came. 

"That was incredible!" she exclaimed. She turned to sit on the couch, sweeping her red hair back from her face. "You can do that any time you want." 

"Maybe I will, but you'll have to earn it first." I replied, winking as I did so.

"Is that so? And how, pray tell, would I earn it?" she asked with a twinkle in her eye.

"I'll let you figure that one out, and if I'm impressed enough I'll do it again." 

"Or I could just bend over in front of you, take my panties off and hope you get the hint." Claire said, biting her bottom lip.

"Yeah, that would do it. I could eat your pussy and perfect, tight arse all day." 

"I thought as much." Claire replied. "But for right now, I want your cum again. I want you to cum all over me." 

Claire leant forward towards me and reached for my cock, placing it between her tits, against her chest. She then placed her hands on her pert tits, pushing them together with my cock between them. She started to move her tits up and down over my cock and without realising I started to rock my hips, fucking her tits. As I got more into it, she just held her breasts against my cock and I fucked between them. She'd watch my cock rubbing between her tits, occasionally looking up at me, making eye contact. I was in absolute heaven.

As I was getting close to cumming, Claire flicked her tongue out to brush the tip of my cock as it got close to her mouth, and that was all I could take. I felt my balls tighten as I started to shoot cum up at Claire's face. The first spurt hit her chin, the second across her nose and left eye up onto her forehead, the last across her lips. I was totally spent, my knees weak beneath me. Claire leant back into the sofa, scooping my cum from her face and sucking it from her fingers. 

"I was hoping you'd cum on my face." She said as a drop of cum ran from her chin and onto her left breast. "Now I'm marked as yours, you've marked me as your property with your cum."

"My property? Like a slave?" I asked.

"More like your personal fuck toy to do whatever you want with." She told me, scooping the last drop of cum from her tit.

"Well, if that's the case, first thing in the morning, I'm going to fuck you again, but right now I think we both need a hot shower. Together." I said, leaving no suggestion that I was asking .

Claire smiled at this and started to walk past me towards the bathroom. "Sounds good to me, as long as I get to clean your cock personally."

With that last comment I felt my cock twitch in excitement, and followed her towards the bathroom.