 I woke up disoriented.

It took me a moment to remember that I was in Steve's bed next to him. Then I realized the phone was ringing. Steve was sound asleep and was not going to wake up anytime soon.

"Hello," I said groggily into the phone.

"Is this Amanda?" A male voice on the phone asked.

"Yeah, who's this? I asked.

"It's Tom," he said. 

I was instantly aroused knowing it was him. A few weeks before, after watching Steve and I go at it, Tom and I had a mutual masturbation session while Steve was sleeping on the couch. Afterward, while Steve was still sleeping, Tom and I ended up going at it in the bathroom.

"I shouldn't be telling you this, but some friends and I were going to a strip bar and I was going to see if Steve wanted to go." It was about 2 am on a Saturday night. Where else could they go? "Probably not, since he's with you."

"Probably not," I replied. 

"Besides, Steve's asleep and we both know what a sound sleeper he is," I said referring to the time Steve had been asleep on the couch.

"How could I forget?" Tom said with an edge in his voice.

There was a long silence. Both of us seemed to be waiting for the other to make a move. "Why don't we find out how sound of a sleeper Steve really is?" I asked tentatively.

"What do you mean?" Tom asked expectantly.

"You could stop by now."

"Okay," Tom replied after a few moments of silence. "I'll be there in about fifteen minutes."

"I'm looking forward to it," I said hanging up the phone.

I checked to see if Steve was still asleep. He was snoring away, so I got up, not bothering to get dressed, and left Steve's room shutting the door behind me. I laid down on the couch waiting for Tom. I knew I was being really bad, but I was so turned on I did not care. I had been thinking about being with Tom a lot since that night Steve fell asleep on the couch. I was anxious, full of anticipation, intently listening for Tom's footsteps on the stairs just outside.

I jumped up, a little startled, when I heard the light knocking at Steve's apartment door. I unlocked the door as quietly as I could, and then opened it to let Tom in. He was surprised to see me already naked. I wrapped my arms around him and kissed him as soon as he had closed the door. His hands roamed my body making me want him so bad. Tom had most of his clothes off by the time we made it to the couch. I laid down on the couch with him on top of me. I was thoroughly enjoying the sensation of his naked body next to mine as he began nuzzling me neck. He lovingly sucked on my breasts teasing me into a lustful frenzy, then continued working his way down. 

"Did you fuck Steve tonight?"

I hesitated for moment, unsure whether I should tell him or not. 

"Tell me you did," he said.

"Twice," I answered.

"Did he cum inside you?"

"Both times," I said deciding Tom was into this.

"That's fucking hot," Tom whispered just before he went down on me.

The naughtiness of what we were doing along with his tongue working its magic on my sex swelled my lustful desires. I wanted more. 

I pulled him away from me and made him lay back on the couch. Then I took him in my mouth only long enough to make him fully hard. When he was ready I climbed on top of him. His cock slid easily inside me and I rode him enthusiastically, but quietly.

He felt so good inside me. I wanted it to last forever. We went at it long and slow, taking my time and enjoying the sensation of our lovemaking. After a good 40 minutes or so I began to feel fatigued.

"Why don't you do some work now," I said panting. Tom grabbed onto me, and swung me around so that he was on top while remaining inside me.

"Is that better?" he asked.

"Much," I managed to say. "Oh God, You just feel so good inside me," I said as Tom began to find his rhythm. 

"I feel so nasty knowing Steve is right in the next room," Tom said. "And he fucked you tonight."

"When it feels so good you just can't help myself," I purred as Tom started to pound me hard and fast.

"It's so hot knowing Steve came inside you tonight," Tom said.

"You like that?" I said looking into Tom's eyes.

"Oh God yeah," he moaned. 

"You like that that I'm a slut?"

"Fuck yeah," he breathed. "I love that you're such a nasty slut?"

"You like fucking naughty little sluts?" I said feeling the stirrings of an orgasm coming on. 

"I love fucking naughty little sluts like you," Tom said panting.

"Then fuck me harder!"

"Oh God Amanda! I'm gonna cum!"

"Oh, yeah, cum inside me," I said hoping to time my climax with his. "Shoot your seed deep into me. Fuck me like the little slut that I am."

Tom went at it as hard as he could. I wrapped my legs around his waist as our sweaty bodies slipped and rubbed up against each other. Tom started to grunt and groan more intensely. I just needed to him to hold on a little longer. 

I stifled a moan and held Tom close to me as an orgasm suddenly ripped through me. Tom let himself go and I felt his cock convulsing as it pumped its fluid deep inside me. I felt overwhelmed by the intensity of pleasure, and let myself fully succumb to it until it slowly came to a stop. 

I laid back on the couch with Tom on top of me basking in the afterglow. All was well with the world even though I knew what I had just done with Tom was a totally depraved act.

"You should go," I said after we began falling asleep.

"You're right," he said getting up trying to find his clothes.

I kissed Tom good-bye, and locked the door behind him. I went back to Steve's room, and crawled into bed next to him. He was still sleeping and had no idea. I smiled to myself as I felt Tom's cum drip out of me onto the bed sheet. God I'm so bad sometimes. I snuggled up next to Steve and fell asleep.