 We met online, how very shady. No one ever wants to admit that, and really, we're not admitting it either, as we're the only two who will ever know. The plan is an anonymous hook up. We've gone so far as to decide to meet at a hotel rather than bring our home life into it in any way. 

I couldn't take my eyes off his picture when he sent it to me. I thanked God, wondering what I had done to deserve this hottie. We started talking and quickly realized we were both very open about sex. Talking about it, discussing what we liked, what we'd done...at the end of every conversation I was dripping wet, and ready to have a go at this guy. We moved from email to instant message, which felt more intimate and immediate. Him jacking off some nights as we typed...me always wanting to but waiting until we signed off. However, we've never talked on the phone. We thought about phone sex, but then we decided it would be even more intense, more anonymous if we had never even heard each other's voices on the night we consummate this relationship. Just another surprise in a night full of promise.

To prepare, I went to a day spa and got the full Brazilian...smooth and sexy just like he told me he preferred. I tanned, and bought the sexiest little set of lingerie I could find. Of course, I was torn: should I get a teddy, a merry widow, or just a hot little bra and panty set? Undecided, I bought them all. I modeled and photographed myself in each, and finally decided on a simple white oxford, short skirt, thigh highs, knee boots, with a black and hot pink La Perla bra and matching g-string underneath. The outfit is innocent, yet hinting at a more animalistic attitude lurking underneath.

We talked back and forth about where and when. "Friday night? Saturday? What's better for you," he'd ask.

But I kept backing out, afraid of such an anonymous encounter, one I was afraid will go nowhere...I may never see him again and that frightens me. What will that make me? A slut, a whore? I'd never done this before, never even had sex on the first date, but this man, this man makes me want it now...fuck dinner, fuck dating. Just give me him. The when ends up being a Friday night. The where is a hotel--something swanky in downtown Chicago. 

We decided to meet up at a bar. We talked about skipping that part, and just meeting in the room, but the idea of being in a roomful of people, knowing in just minutes we're going to be tearing each other's clothes off was a turn-on. And the sexual tension would build to a crescendo. However, I promised I'd try to make it to the room before I jumped him. I wanted to spot him across a crowd...I wanted to stare into his eyes, and transmit to him that I wanted him, and right then. I wanted to see his eyes travel up and down my body, undressing me. I wanted to touch him for the first time in front of people, knowing I couldn't do anything more than smile, but wishing I could do a whole lot more. I wanted him to come to me, I wanted to have a drink together, anticipation building because we both knew we wanted it...this, what would be about to happen. I wanted to stare at him over that glass...smiling in a way that told him exactly what I was thinking and if it didn't, I'd lean over, my hand would slide up his thigh a bit, a bit more, and I'd whisper in his ear, telling him what I wanted to do to him. 

I told him I wanted to make stupid small talk as we both waited for that drink to be finished...and then we would hightail it to the room. 

So we did. We did all of that, and it was the buildup we needed. He was amazing looking when I saw him in that bar, and his eyes certainly did undress me, hell, I think they devoured me once he had all my clothes removed.

We had that drink, and then made out like teenagers in the elevator (other passengers be damned). On our floor, we were hard pressed to get the door open. He had the key because I knew I'd be too anxious to get the door open, but all the time he was trying to open it I was kissing his neck...his ear...running my leg up his...my skirt was riding up a bit...good thing the hallway was empty...we spilled into the room when the door finally gave...and he pressed me against the wall immediately. He couldn't get me out of my clothes fast enough and I couldn't get enough of his mouth...guess we're kissers not talkers. The skirt was quickly unbuttoned and dropped to the floor, the buttons on my shirt fumbled with but finally outsmarted...and yes indeed he thought what I was wearing underneath was extremely sexy. My ass was in his hands...my body tight to his...amazing kisses...we found we were both very good at that...my hands found their way up under his shirt; I wanted it off...right away.

I backed off him just enough to accomplish that task, and then I ran my hands up his bare chest, appreciating it...very much. His hands were on my hips...playing with the side straps on my panties, then he moved up my sides...and I shuddered...his thumbs skimmed my abs...moved up to my breasts...cupped them, played with my nipples through the lace...his fingers just barely made their way inside my bra...tickled, teased...my hands kneaded his shoulders...gripped, tightened...released...moved down to his ass...where I grabbed him and pulled him as far into me as I could with clothes still on. 

He moved back down to my ass and picked me up. I wrapped my legs around his waist and he moved us to a chair in the room...put me down in it, and kneeled in front of me, between my legs. I leaned forward and unbuttoned and unzipped him...pushing his pants and boxer briefs down as far as I could. He helped, getting up, taking them and his shoes off...and I loved what I was seeing...he was so hard, and so long, and I wanted to show him my appreciation...I pushed him back on the floor, saw his eyes open wide, shocked. I wasn't kidding when I told him I wanted to jump him...I kneeled over him...leaned down, positioned a breast just over his mouth...let him taste me through the bra...his tongue teased me...bit...he knew teeth turn me on. I slid my body down his so he could feel how wet I was. 

But he wouldn't let me have control. He turned me over quickly. He licked my neck-another turn on of mine...and I moaned. He slid his hands under my ass and pulled me closer, pulling me right into him. He slid my g-string off quickly...his big long cock ready to plunge into me...my pussy was so wet...I opened my legs wider, giving him all the access he could ask for...my pussy lips were open for him.

"I'm ready big boy," I told him as I leaned up and grabbed his shoulders, wanting him then, not wanting to wait another minute...another second. I begged him to drive inside me...and he did. It hurt so good that first stroke...so deep, so hard...and then we found a rhythm, harder, faster. I was slick...smooth, wet. I wanted to scream at him...fuck it was so good....I moaned...damn so good....his fingers found my clit, and he played with me while we fucked...and I KNEW I'd cum...I screamed this time, couldn't hold back...after I did, he came too, on my chest...he tried to give me that pearl necklace we had talked about.

Now, I knew what he really wanted; we'd talked about it enough, late into the night, however, I also knew he wouldn't try to push me into it. But I had already decided to let him. I got on all fours and I spread my legs, my ass pointed towards him. He put his fingers inside my pussy...pulled them out wet...and then he rubbed the wet juices on that area he wanted to penetrate so badly...he put one finger inside, and my muscles tensed around him...I felt it...and I felt him pushing inside of me...farther...he pulled that finger out...then tried two...I tried to relax...and actually, it didn't feel too bad...but we needed lube...which, well would you look at that? I had brought. He lubed me up, and started again...fingered my ass...and I liked it...he felt my muscles tighten around his fingers...and he liked it. 

"Fuck! FUCK Oh god," I liked it...and he teased me.

"Yeah you like that. You like being fucked up the ass..." and I found that I did...I actually did...he could feel I was ready for him...and he directed my ass (my fine ass) over to the head of his cock...and slowly, slowly he pushed inside me...I screamed, I grabbed the rug...hit the floor with my fists, cussed again...fuck...Fuck! It hurt, and I thought about hitting him...but then...fuck...I felt his stomach pressed up against my ass, and I knew he was all the way inside of me..alllll the way in. He reached around and played with my clit to calm me down...he was holding me tight with his other arm, wrapped it around me, so I couldn't bolt...he was already ready to come, just from sliding into my tight ass...he pushed in, slid out...again...I'd heard...but oh god...yeah, I knew I was going to cum too...he pumped in and out...my head leaned back...I knew my muscles were tightening again and again on his cock...I tried not too...but...his fingers on my clit were definitely drawing me to climax...and I knew he was nearing it too...we both yelled out now.

"Fuck...FUCK...fuck me baby fuck me!!" I moaned, screamed...and then I felt his body shake as he came...I felt his cum shoot inside me...and we fell over spent, there's no way I was moving for a while...

However, we eventually did make it to the showers...where he fucked me again and I thanked my lucky stars for sending me this Energizer bunny in the sack...

Will I see him again? After that mindblowing, wonderful, exhausting night of sex, I should hope so. If not, it was worth it, but he'll be back. I know it.