 Greg watched as Clare tried to get her key into the lock. The two of them were returning to her apartment after going out for drinks. Greg has been off and on friends with her since middle school. He's never seen her drink until tonight, when she knocked back five shots of tequila in rapid order. She's obviously a lightweight with how her key kept missing her lock. Her long dirty blonde hair was disheveled after walking in the wind outside. She kept sweeping it out of her face as she determinedly tried to get her key into her lock. Her C-cup breasts jiggled around a little in her dress, which showed a hint of cleavage. Finally she managed to insert her key and open the door.

The door burst open, allowing Greg and Clare to stumble into her apartment. They were both laughing at how she can't walk straight as they made their way down the hall to the kitchen and living room. Greg couldn't help checking out Clare's ass in her tight fitting black dress as she walked and felt his cock grow a little hard at the sight of her in his dark trousers. She dropped her purse on the coffee table and practically fell onto her couch. Greg sat beside her and she immediately rested her head on his shoulder.

She said, "Man, this was fun. Why don't we hang out more?"

"I dunno," he responded, "Maybe because you're too busy trying to save the world." Clare works at a non-profit in the city, helping the poor pay their energy bills.

"Yeah, that's it. I'm just too awesome for you," she teased as she rubbed his chest through his blue button down shirt with her hand.

Greg wasn't quite sure what to make of this but decided to see where it goes. He put his arm around her shoulders and she responded by laying one of her legs across his lap. "So, ummm, what do you want to do now?" he asked. 

"Oh, I don't know," she breathed in his ear as her hand began to move down his chest and over his stomach, "What do men and women do on a Saturday night after going out on the town?"

What the hell is she doing and why isn't he stopping her, Greg wondered. Well, the answer to the second part is obvious. Clare is fucking hot right now. Normally, she is wearing a loose fitting T-shirt and jeans when he's with her. Plus she's normally super-shy and doesn't do anything remotely sexual like touching you sensually. Even though she's 30, Greg doubts she's ever had a man fuck her. She's so shy she'd never put out a signal that she's interested in a man. 

They've been friends since 6th grade, though. So why would she try to seduce him now and not when he tried to hit on her in high school? Her hand got to his belt buckle and stopped. She must have felt him tense up. "You wanna fuck?" she breathed in his ear, "I'm so horny for you right now."

Her leg slid across his lap and she sat up so she was straddling him. She slowly began to grind her hips into him as she ran her fingers through his hair. She made a point to put her tits in front of his face. She gave him a long kiss and he could taste the alcohol on her breath. "Huh?" she asked, "I'm so wet for you. You wanna put your big, hard cock in me?" She nibbled on his earlobe before kissing him full on. "You wanna fuck me?" she whispered in his ear.

Greg froze like a deer caught in the headlights she nibbled on his earlobe and dry humped him. After a minute he grabbed her by the hair and pulled her up so they could look at each other. He and Clare sat there for a moment looking at each other awkwardly before Clare sighed, muttered, "Fine," and got up. She walked across the room into the kitchen and began filling up her teapot, obviously angry that he didn't respond to her invitation to screw her. 

"What the hell?" Greg thought, "She looks like she'd be good in the sack." He got up and followed her into the kitchen. Clare had finished filling the pot and put it on the stove. He caught her wrist as she reached to turn the stove on and pulled her into him. Clare gave out a quiet yelp of surprise before he began kissing her. His other hand grabbed her by the ass and firmly pulled her body into his. 

Clare responded hungrily, kissing him back and beginning to unbutton his shirt. He quickly unzipped her dress. Once Clare had his shirt open she pulled it off him and began biting his chest, running her fingers through his hair. He grabbed her roughly by the shoulders and made her step back from him. Her dress immediately fell to the floor, leaving her standing in her black bra and panties. 

He pulled her back into him, unhooking her bra as they kissed each other hungrily. After a moment, Clare pulled back and began to fumble with his belt buckle. A minute later his pants fell around his ankles. He stepped out of them, his hands massaging her C-cup breasts. Her nipples grew hard as icepicks in his hands. Clare tugged on his boxers and they fell to the ground as well. He stepped out of them, pushing her up against the kitchen counter. 

Clare gripped the edge of it with one hand to steady herself as he took one of her tits in his hand and began licking the nipple. She looked up at the ceiling while her buried his face in her chest. His other hand worked its way down her side and between her legs. He could feel how wet she was through her panties. He began to rub her slowly as he sucked on her nipple. Clare let out a soft gasp and began to instinctively move her hips with his hand. 

Greg began to kneel in front of her, kissing her stomach until he was looking straight into her black underwear. He gripped her panties on either side of her hips. Clare took her hips an inch or so off the table and he slid them down. Once they were around her ankles, Clare kicked them away.

Greg began licking her pussy. Clare's mouth hung open and she gasped repeatedly as he found her clit and began flicking his tongue across it. Her breasts heaved as she could feel herself begin building to her climax. She braced herself by gripping the edge of the counter again and started moaning despite herself. Her hips started to instinctively move with Greg's tongue. He reached up to grope her tits as he ate her out. His hands then ran up and down her sides. Clare's hips began thrusting into Greg's face. "Don't stop," she pleaded between gasps, "I'm about to cum!"

Her whole body shuddered as she began to orgasm. Greg kept licking her throughout it. After a moment or so, he could feel her body relax and felt he could stop then. He looked up at her and could see her eyes were still closed. He grabbed the dishrag on the counter next to them and wiped off his face. She opened her eyes and looked down at him as he tossed it away. He ran his hands over her belly as he stood up. "Hey," he said in a teasing voice as he hands felt around her stomach, "Those gym classes are paying off!"

Clare playfully slapped him across the face. This infuriated him for some reason and he kissed her roughly, his hands now running up and down her back. "My turn," he growled into her ear.

Greg gripped Clare by the shoulders and turned her around. He reached around to feel up her tits as Clare rubbed her ass against his rock hard cock. She could feel his shaft rubbing up and down along her ass crack. One of his hands moved down over her stomach before he wrapped his arm around her waist. The other hand then gripped the back of her neck and, with no warning; he bent her over the counter. Clare gave a grunt of surprise as her face and chest were pressed into the linoleum. 

She propped herself up on her elbows and looked behind and up at her man. She knew her pussy was presented to him and the anticipation of being fucked by a man was so hot to her. She could feel the shaft of his cock moving over her ass and down between her legs. Again, with no warning, he mounted her with one, rough thrust. Clare let out a groan that was half pain, half pleasure. He felt so big inside her! Fortunately, she was still very wet so he was able to push his cock all the way into her easily. Clare reached out to grip the edge of the counter on the opposite side of where she had bent over.

His hands started gripping her hips to steady her. With each thrust she could feel his hips smacking into her ass. Then Greg started spanking her, hard. Clare started laughing. Each time he smacked her on her ass the kitchen would ring with the sound. "That's right," she said, "Spank your fucking slut."

His thrusts grew harder and more urgent. Clare started moaning as she began building up to another climax. "C'mon baby," she gasped, "Fuck me!"

He reached up with one hand and grabbed a handful of her hair. Clare yelped in surprise as he roughly pulled back on it, making her look up. He then made her look back at him and fell on top of her. His body smothered hers as he kissed her hungrily, forcing his tongue into her mouth. Clare finally understood why men sometimes refer to their lovers as "my woman." He had total control over her at this moment. She couldn't move or do anything while he lay on top of her unless he allowed it. Clare didn't realize how hot it could be to have a man so completely dominate her like this. 

Clare moaned into his mouth as his thrusts became faster and more urgent. Finally, his entire body tensed up and he was pushing his cock as deep into her as he could. He gripped Clare's shoulders tightly as he shot his load into her. He remained on top of her for a moment, breathing deeply. Clare was panting beneath him. He stopped just before she climaxed and, as a result, she was still really horny. Greg got up and let her stand up. She immediately turned around and kissed him, pressing her breasts into him. 

"I'm soooo horny," she said to him pleadingly, "Fuck me again. Pleeeeaaassee!"

Her voice was pleading and he moved them around so he was up against the counter. He took her by the shoulders and forced her down to her knees, so her face was level with his semi-flaccid cock. "You better get that hard then," he told her. 

Clare's eyes looked up at him as she took his shaft in her hand. She started by gently licking each of his balls before she took the head into her mouth. She could still taste her pussy juice and his cum on it. Greg moaned as Clare began licking and sucking him. His cock quickly grew hard again inside her mouth. The thought of putting this giant thing into her pussy again had Clare's pussy almost dripping.

After a moment Greg's cock was rock hard and she stood up. Greg grabbed her by the ass with both hands and lifted her up. Clare wrapped her legs around his waist and her arms around her shoulder. "The bedroom," she breathed into his ear, "Down the hall we came in to your left."

Greg carried her down the hall and saw the door halfway down. He was so focused on checking out Clare's ass when they arrived that he didn't notice it at all before. He carried her in and she reached out to flick the lights on as they passed through the doorway. He climbed onto the bed and gently lowered her down, resting her head on a pillow. He then grabbed her by the waist and turned her around so she was face down. 

He got on the bed behind her, on his knees straddling her. He gave her ass a playful slap before grabbing her hips, lifting them up. The idea that she was "presenting" her pussy to him was a huge turn-on for both of them. Clare propped her up on her elbows as he mounted her from behind again. He began thrusting into her with a sense of urgency. Clare could feel his hips slamming into her ass. She knew he was going to cum again in a minute without letting her get off as well. She looked back at him angrily. "Lay on your back," she commanded.

Greg immediately stopped thrusting into her, looking at her in surprise. He was frozen until she said even more angrily, "Get on your back now!"

He laid down next to her and Clare got on top of him on her knees, straddling him. She stayed there for a few seconds, letting him take in the sight of her body. Her long hair was unkempt, giving her an animalistic quality. Her breasts and stomach glistened in the light of the room from the sweat she had built up. She looked down and could see his cock poking into the air. She reached down and gripped the shaft. Slowly she positioned herself and brought her pussy down, letting it penetrate her. Clare's back arched her mouth hung open in a silent moan as she began taking it into herself. Her face was twisted in that look of pleasure and pain every man wants to see on his woman. 

Once his cock was completely inside her she reached down and dug her nails into his chest. Greg gave a slight grunt of pain as she came down to kiss him, letting her hair fall around their faces. She forced her tongue into his mouth while she pressed her tits into him. Greg's hands were running up and down her thighs as they kissed each other hungrily. Finally Clare pulled up and looked him in the eyes. She gave his chest a scratch with both of her hands and growled, "You already got to watch my ass while fucking me."

She sat up and started thrusting her hips, positioning herself so his cock was rubbing against just the right spot. Her heavy breathing soon gave way to uncontrollable moaning. Greg ran his hands up and down her sides several times before they found her breasts. Clare's hands immediately put her hands on top of his and had him massage her tits. Her thrusts started to become harder and more urgent. She reached behind her and down. Her hand found his balls and Greg let out a loud groan as she gently played with them. 

Clare was quickly building up to her second climax of the night. She let go of his balls and dug her nails into his chest as she rode his cock. Clare was now moaning loudly with each thrust of her hips. Greg looked like he was building to his own climax so Clare gave him a painful scratch on the chest. Greg let out a yelp and glared at her. "Don't you dare cum, you son of a bitch," she growled at him angrily.

Then she let her mouth hang open in a silent moan as her entire body tensed up. She stopped thrusting her hips and just rocked back and forth as she rode her orgasm. Greg sat up and wrapped his arms around her. She took his face in her hands and kissed him deeply as she continued rocking back and forth on his cock. Finally, she broke off the kiss and they gazed into each other's eyes. Clare gave him a small smile. Her message was clear, "Your turn."

Greg immediately grabbed her by the ass and lifted her up. Clare gave a surprised yelp as he turned them around and she fell onto her back. She immediately lifted her legs into the air so he could thrust into her more easily. He kissed her deeply, while positioning her hands above her head. Then he lifted himself up so he could admire her body as he fucked her. 

Clare looked up at him and smiled as he began to rhythmically thrust his cock into her pussy. She could feel her breasts jiggle around with each of his thrusts and could see that they had his undivided attention. She closed her eyes and gave him a soft moan as a signal to fuck her harder. They were both breathing heavily as his thrusts became more intense. Clare kept her hands above her head as he fucked her as hard as he could. They were both moaning now. "Oh baby," she yelled as he fucked her for all he was worth. 

Suddenly he fell on top of her, his hips now pushing his cock as deep into her pussy as it'll go. Clare stroked his hair as he shot his load into her. He kissed each of her breasts before kissing her deeply on the lips. They smiled at each other as he finished cumming.

He rolled off her body and for a moment they laid next to each other on the bed as they caught their breath. Clare stretched while Greg pulled the covers down so they could both get under them. Clare rested her head on his shoulder and they cuddled for a few minutes. "That was good," she said sleepily, "You want to start going out?"

"Sure," Greg said as he kissed her forehead. 

"Good," she said, "Because I think going out for drinks and then fucking means that we are."

Greg chuckled as Clare rolled away and settled in to go asleep. Greg got up to turn off the lights and lied down behind her so they were spooning. His arm was around her waist. Gradually his hand moved up so he was cupping one of her breasts. Clare could feel his cock begin to grow hard against her ass. She opened one eye and looked back at him. "If you go to sleep like a good boy, I'll let you bang me in the shower when we wake up."

"Good night," Greg said.