 Introduction by the writer

Clare and Nick are the two central characters in a series entitled 'Clare's Sexpedition'. This is the first episode. It is relatively long but it has a few twists and turns - so it can be read in stages. 

Through Clare's full journey new characters come into play and there are raunchy situations and recollections shared. 

Nick has other lady friends and there are some stories of his encounters with them. 

Some characters develop their own story lines and become spin-offs.

These episodes, which are already written, will follow this one if it seems that they are generally enjoyed by readers. I work hard on trying to create interesting storylines and genuine eroticism, written well. I don't mind critical comments so long as there are some good appreciative comments too to encourage me to prepare more works for publishing on Literotica. 

Clare's Sexpedition Episode One

THE SEDUCTION

Nick had known Clare for a number of years, since she was 18 in fact. It had been a purely business acquaintance to begin with but one with a mutual liking. He was of course much older than her and he never saw her as an object of desire and held no thoughts that anything more would come of the relationship. 

Now, some four years on, the friendship took an amazing turn. Those four years had been good to him and he had remained alone preferring frequent and varied dating to any serious relationship. Clare had kept in touch by email and phone and they had met occasionally usually in the company of others from their mutual circle. 

Then on this particular day Clare phoned and asked if it would be all right to call by and see him. Of course he agreed. He liked her for her company but he knew well that she had developed striking looks and a statuesque body. In fact, she was a pleasure to be around. 

She drove up the long drive to his home at around 6pm and having heard her car he opened the front door to welcome her even before she was out of her car. They politely embraced, kisses on cheeks and casual handshakes. Almost immediately after they had exchanged the verbal greetings Clare said "Would I be able to stay tonight? I really don't fancy driving any more today." 

"But of course!" he replied, thinking little of the request. "Jenny, my housekeeper has left dinner for us and the guest room is always ready. She's gone for the day but we can sort out everything we need." She turned back to her car and collected a rather big overnight bag from the boot. Nick took the opportunity to update himself on her great features -- wonderful long dark brown hair, those high cheek bones, grey-blue eyes, full lips, slender neck, pert breasts, small yet perfectly rounded bum. She looked just lovely. 

As they walked into the house he asked her why she was so keen to visit. "Oh, let's talk about that later. Let's get me sorted. Or--- maybe we can go straight off for a walk while it's still a lovely warm sunny evening." He agreed, thinking that it would be a nice start to her visit. She didn't need to change clothes or shoes so they put her case inside and set off. 

Behind the house the back garden led onto some meadow land which he owned and it was just long meadow grass and wild flowers broken by the occasional bush and tree. They strode off together talking about the latest news of mutual friends, her work -- she was doing well -- and his business which was not placing too many demands on him. They headed for the big old oak tree that he really enjoyed owning. On entering its shade he offered her the bottle of water he'd grabbed on the way out. She snapped the seal and took a long drink then passed it back. He felt a tiny thrill as he deliberately made contact with the moisture from her mouth still on the neck of the bottle. 

He had continued to admire her form since she arrived and there was no doubt about it, she had a superb body but his thoughts went no further than looking. "Let's head back!" she said suddenly and to his surprise, she led him by the hand and didn't let go. As the evening sun still bore down on them its warmth gave him a great feeling of desire as it usually would in these circumstances but he dismissed thoughts of any actions in this regard despite the fact that her hand-holding felt very sensual and it was clearly affecting him. 

Back at the house she asked what time he planned for dinner and they agreed that 7.30 would be good. She grabbed her case and as he showed her to the guest room she said "I'll see you down there at 7.30. Can we dress smartly for dinner? It'll be really nice." Puzzled again, he agreed to her latest request.

As Nick set the easy-to-serve meal left by Jenny, the house-keeper, Clare arrived by his side. She looked stunning in a long silky red dress which had a split to the left hip. It was tight over her body and he could tell that she wore no bra. Her small breasts were capped by pert nipples, clearly profiled through the red fabric. As she turned to adjust a piece of cutlery he realised that he could see no panty line and he just glowed momentarily in the speculation. Her perfume was sensational and not one that he knew. Her brown hair cascaded over her shoulders and down her bare back to between her shoulder-blades. "You look stunning!" was all he could say. Snapping back to his senses, he got on with arranging dinner.

Rather than use the large dining table in the dining room he had arranged for a small round table to be set up in the drawing room which looked out across the garden and the meadow. Just before they sat down she spotted a teaspoon on the floor near the table. Nick had dropped it and forgotten to pick it up. She crouched to retrieve it and he watched the split of her dress progressively widen right to her hip and yet no panty waistband came into view. His mind raced but he snapped back to reality yet again. He asked Clare what she wanted to drink and she said that she didn't fancy anything with alcohol that evening. She settled on sparkling water and out of politeness he followed suit. They enjoyed three courses of dinner together still talking about the usual things. He avoided asking her about boyfriends because he usually didn't like to think of her in such circumstances, realising that he would be jealous of them even though he could not pursue this lovely girl. To his satisfaction she mentioned no one all evening. As they finished the meal with coffee she blurted out the words behind her reason for the visit. 

"I want to talk to you about something very personal and I want your help. You may feel you can't, or won't or even shouldn't help me but I've thought about it long and hard and I'm comfortable asking for this help, I'm sure I'll be comfortable getting it from you and I really hope you'll agree." 

Curiosity flooded his mind with a myriad of possibilities -- money, work, travel to name but three obvious ones -- but the truth was not one that entered his mind. She drew in a deep breath and announced "I want to go to bed with you! And there's a real good reason and that's what I need your help with." 

Wide-eyed but speechless he listened to her. "You're a great guy, Nick. I really like you as a good friend. You've always helped me. I do think you're attractive and sexy and you're in pretty good shape, but why I need your help is -- well -- I don't ever come! I can't climax! No guy has done it to me and I can't even manage it myself. And I really want to, of course. I want to experience it. It's taken a lot for me to put this to you like this and before you answer me I want you to hear a bit more and hopefully you'll understand the basis of my request and why it won't have implications that either of us becomes unhappy with. I can handle it. We'll stay best friends. If you manage to help me, that'll be great and if you don't -- well at least we'll have tried." 

He broke the few moments silence by saying "This is not as matter of fact as you make it sound. There's a lot of emotion in such a thing. You're a lot younger than me. It might upset you -- or me -- and I don't want to lose your friendship." 

She put her hand on his and said "I've gone through all of that in my mind. I'll be fine. You can't upset me because you mean more than that to me. I'd be hurt if you said 'No' though. I do want us to try it. Like the old saying goes, if it hurts we'll stop." 

Silence followed as he tossed the conundrum around in his mind. She broke the silence with flattering but surprising words "If I dare confide it, you come recommended - no pun intended." 

"What! Who've you been talking to about me?" he stammered. "Well, to be honest it was Alison but don't mention that she said anything. She let it slip ages ago about the fling she had with you. She said it was great while it lasted, you stayed friends afterwards and that she still thinks about the physical bit. She said -- well -- she said that you could bring her off in more than one way and she said it was very intense. She told me about some things you two did together that no guy has ever done with me. She mentioned multiple orgasms and I've not even had one yet. How fair is that?" 

Nick had coloured up. "I'm not going to talk about me and Alison. I don't do that." She gripped has hand more and said "Look Nick, I'm 22, I'm a grown woman. I'm not a virgin. You're my best male friend. Why can't I at least get you to consider it? We're close enough for me to be able to ask you anything, aren't we?" 

"Well -- well, yes but I'm sure you understand why I'm taken aback, I'm also very flattered and, if I'm very honest, I'm quite aroused by the whole thing. I'll be even more honest with you. I enjoy sex greatly. You're extremely attractive. I love looking after ladies in that way. But I'm not sure how right this is." 

She stood up and, still holding his hand, said "Let me worry about that. Let's go upstairs and you can show me how you got your reputation."

His room, which she led him to without have to ask which one it was, had been prepared for evening. Curtains were drawn, lights dimmed. "I'll see you back here in one minute" she said as she went into the en-suite bathroom. Still in a dazed state, he pulled his shoes off and the jacket and tie that he'd worn at her request. He undid a few shirt buttons but chose not to appear too eager despite the powerful erection which gave an obvious bulge in his trousers. 

Clare stepped out of the bathroom and closed the door. In the subtly lit room she stopped six feet from him and with what may have been a carefully rehearsed manoeuvre she flicked the two shoulder straps of her dress and it silently slid to the floor. A sharp intake of breath was his immediate reaction. He took in the beauty of her nakedness. Long shapely legs, flat abdomen from hipbone to hipbone, those pert young firm breasts, tiny erect nipples pointing slightly upward. The petite dark patch at the top of her thighs which was trimmed to perfection - by whom, he wondered momentarily. She advanced towards him and put her arms on his shoulders. "From now, for tonight, treat me like I'm your lover -- in every way you can. No holds barred. I'm ready for this and I really need it." 

"Look Clare, I'm going to try to do most of what you've asked of me. I'm hoping that I can give you what you need and I hope to do so without penetration. I just still feel uneasy about that." he nervously told her, ignoring his obvious arousal. 

"But I want it to be good for you too" she blurted. 

He replied "Oh, it will be, I can assure you of that! Now I need to relax you before anything will work. We should have champagne." 

She tilted her head back and said "I want to savour everything so I thought I'd avoid drinking all night." 

"Okay, there are other ways of becoming relaxed providing you are totally at ease with me. This is a huge step for our friendship you know." He pulled gently from her arms and took her hand. Leading her to a bedside console, he put some suitable music on at a very low volume. He reversed her onto the edge of the bed as he pulled his shirt and socks off and flicked his trousers undone, letting them drop. 

She reached for his pants to help remove them but he stopped her. "They stay on!" he said. 

She raised her eyebrows and replied "For now!"

Clare stood again and embraced him full on the mouth. He responded by gently pressing his tongue to meet hers. His stiffness was clearly apparent to her and she gently caressed it with her open palm. "Ummmm you get very hard, I see." He was well aware that there was likely to be pre-come glistening on the head of his erect penis by now. 

He lay her on the bed and getting beside her he began a series of kisses, firstly on her neck under her ear then to her mouth for long passionate kisses with tongues anxious to meet one another. They had only kissed passionately once before, at a Christmas event after a few drinks but privately they each remembered the thrill that it had given. Now, he told her to relax and go with the flow wherever it took her. After some minutes of this he drew a hand free and slid it down her nakedness. It paused to cup one of her tiny breasts, gently pressed the tip of the nipple between finger and thumb. 

All the while they continued to kiss and as his exploring hand strayed further south her form guided it to the soft shiny trimmed patch of hair on her mound. Running his hand over it to the point of covering it he deftly parted her soft lips with the first and third fingers and slid his second finger into her moistness. He did not intrude far but, whilst realising how amazingly moist she was, he located her clitoris which was unsurprisingly quite aroused. The brief caress caused her to sigh through her nose. Pausing in his kissing her, he recalled his wandering hand, drawing the explorer finger to his face and he savoured the sex scent on it. He let it go to her nose too before he pushed it into his mouth to enjoy the taste. 

He revelled in the taste of her and it heightened his desire to perform oral sex upon her. He'd long been passionate about cunnilingus. No girl friend escaped it. Some were brought to shattering climaxes by it. Others, but not all, loved to lick their own love juices from his face afterwards. Two or three very close ones had even experienced the thrill of him inserting his tongue just after he'd climaxed inside them, seeking the taste of his come mixed into a cocktail of sex juices. But Clare was yet to find out about this aspect of his love-making technique. 

He began caressing both breasts, alternating caresses with attention to the nipples. Then he moved down a little in order to kiss them, gently chewing the nipples and softly sucking like a baby seeking mother's milk. He could tell she was responding, he could hear her heart thumping inside her chest. While still applying his mouth to her gorgeously small tits, he let his wandering hand going off again. Of course it quickly homed in on her soft pussy lips. This time he inserted two fingers and then he brought them into place either side of her clitoris. As he began the finger motions that pubescent girls learn, he returned to kissing her on the mouth, tongues again thrusting both ways and deep breathing through noses. Keeping a relentless pace of both actions he detected the tell-tale signs of her breathing accelerating. Now he stepped up the action in her pussy trying to ensure gentle but concerted stroking of her sensitive spot. She was extremely wet now and there was the occasional sound to reflect the growing urgency of the intimate activity. 

Impulsively he slid down the bed until his face was positioned level with the object of his desire. He parted her slender thighs and placed himself ready to connect with her most intimate part. He pressed his lips onto her vagina and probed with his tongue to open her up. As he parted her he felt the warm embrace of her moisture, the wetness that signalled her arousal and sent a surge through his. He tasted her intimately and enjoyed this secret aspect of her. The tip of his tongue then found her clitoris and began a gentle massage. 

By now he'd rested his hands on her breasts, holding her body in place with his arms. Concentrating on her clitoris he set about trying to work her passion into the frenzy that some women get to easily and others take time, work and concentration to reach. By her own account, Clare was going to need time. She responded, but slowly in his experience and he used every technique he knew to get her into a state of bliss. She began to moan and roll her body from side to side. He held her in place and she moved her head from side to side on the soft pillows instead. Her moaning became louder as her persevered, his jaw actually aching from his exertions. She emitted some deep gasps and he felt a confidence grow that he'd now got her close to her needs. His tongue was inflicting relentless attention on her and as it did she began what he felt certain were the grunts, gasps and body movements of a female orgasm. 

Without letting up, he kept his pressure on until she began to subside. Her movements and sounds slowed. Soon she was still. He'd slowed just behind her pace and as her stillness began he gently parted her thighs more, brought his hands down to beneath her buttocks and parted her cheeks, raising them slightly in the process. This gave him access to her bum and he extended his tongue to briefly perform some tonguing of her bum-hole on her while his nose practically penetrated her pussy. He treated her to this for a brief time, managing to rekindle some groaning as he did so. It was the first time in her life that this act had been performed on her and she was enjoying it, not least for the sheer sexiness and absolute intense intimacy of the act. 

She became still again and he looked up over her navel to see a serene face, eyes closed. He moved up towards her, grabbing a moist tissue from the bedside cabinet and swiftly wiping his face. Out of a strange inner sense of decency he closed her legs almost together but as he settled beside her he inserted his second finger deep into her cleft, moving it gently to and fro. 

"How did we do?" he asked only to be taken aback by her gasped reply.

"Nearly!" she teased. He was sure that he'd taken her to the best of thrills but he hid any disappointed reaction with words of encouragement.

Quickly repositioning himself onto his back to arrive in the so-called sixty-nine, he then explained how she should place her pussy in front of his face as she knelt on all fours. After saying that she was not expected to reciprocate he asked her to relax herself as much as possible. He placed a small cushion behind his head to raise it sufficiently so that he could place his mouth upon her intimately with less strain on his neck. After he began to work upon her she lowered herself onto her forearms to be more physically relaxed and slightly waggled her rear end more closely onto his face, like a nesting bird alighting onto her eggs. 

Her state of arousal from earlier was soon equalled again and as he applied his lips and tongue with experienced deftness her excitement grew. This time he intended to stay with the task until he was positive he'd succeeded. He held the delightful cheeks of her bum with both hands to help his positioning for his next attack on the heart of her sex. She began to moan as the intensity of her excitement grew. This moaning spurred him on. He could not tell but she had mentally switched off, her face pushed into a cushion, her mind purely on the sensations that his actions generated within her lovely body. 

Clare was now subconsciously almost uttering a low growl as she realised an orgasm could be upon her. The waves of sensations grew and grew and she excluded everything else from her mind to achieve her long held aim. Hearing the growl-like sound encouraged him in his efforts to bring her off. She'd not made these noises so far so he felt sure she was further on in her excitement. He quickened the pace and felt her respond. Her excitement added to his and if he could see it he would have been thrilled with just how much bigger than normal his cock was, the shaft somewhat wider, the knob huge and almost bursting with arousal. 
