 Writer's Introduction

Aspects of this story may intrigue you, if you have not read the prequel - Clare's Sexpedition Episode 01. 

Clare gets up to many more sexy activities in that and future episodes but the story below concentrates on her mother, Anna, taking a certain matter up with Nick with the words "You fucked my daughter, you bastard!"

******

A bright red car came to a halt on the driveway at Nick's home, the wheels locking on the loose stones of the driveway. The tall elegant lady driver emerged, strode purposefully to the house and knocked on the front door. Nick opened the door without checking whose car had arrived. He was astonished to see Anna standing before him and instantly noticed the lack of a smile on her face. 

"We need to talk!" was her greeting as she marched into the hallway. She turned as he closed the door and as their eyes met again she hissed "You fucked my daughter, you bastard!" 

Nick's face dropped as the accusation took hold. "I think you may have got the wrong end of the stick." he stammered. 

"Don't try to deny it. I know what's gone on." Anna fiercely retorted. 

"Look Anna, I know you too well not to try to lie to you. It's just that there'll be more to the story than perhaps you're aware of. Let's try to be reasonable and I'll try to explain."

"Explain! Explain! This'll be good. You fuck my daughter and now you want to explain." she said stepping nearer to Nick. He stood his ground but feared she wanted to slap his face. 

"You might not believe what I tell you but I'll not be inventing it. What'd be the point! Because, you see, Clare bedded me. Yes, I was weak but the initiative and the seduction came from Clare." Nick said.

Anna looked at him with wide eyes and in a softer voice said "Seduction? You got seduced! You! Perhaps you'd explain that but before you do I'm going to be brutally frank and honest with you because -- well - I still feel that I owe it to you. We had some great times, which I'll never forget. It was circumstances that caused it to end, not my feelings for you, you know that. When I found out about you and Clare..." 

He interrupted her. "How did you find out and what do you think happened?"

Anna resumed "I'll not tell you how but I know that she came here and spent the night in your bed. But my point is...well, to be blunt, when I found out I was angry but that rapidly gave way to jealousy. Yes, jealousy. It reminded me of our times together and I got jealous and then, well, I'll admit to you, I got aroused too. I realised that I wanted you again. I'm not proud of it but I'm incredibly turned on by the fact that you've had sex with my daughter. I'm well aware of Clare's sex drive and her adventurous ways of meeting her needs. I don't know everything but I know quite a lot. I also feel it's weird but this latest thing has really turned me on. I don't know why but I'm so turned on by it, it's not true. Actually, I'm very, very turned on by it to the point that if we don't......" Her words trailed away. 

Nick looked into her eyes and placed his hands on her upper arms. "When you hear what happened you'll realise that Clare was motivated by the fact that you and I had slept together. She wanted sex with a man that her mother had had sex with. This whole thing is incredible and so amazing I'm not sure I can take it all in." 

Anna returned his sensitive holding of arms and then drew him to her and kissed him very sensuously on the lips. "That's not what I was expecting." said Nick as their lips pulled apart. 

"Well, as I'm trying to tell you, I've been unbelievably turned on by it all and seeing you again is adding to it. Once I realised how it was affecting me I've been in a permanent state of arousal. I tried frigging myself but that didn't calm it down. On impulse I got in the car and drove here. I didn't even check if you were in. Nick - take me to bed, - please." Anna's last few words almost pleaded to him. 

Nick smiled into her eyes and said "Are you sure? I'm very happy to but only if you're sure it's what you want, especially given the circumstances. Are you really sure?" 

She slid her hands down to hold his. "Sure! If you knew how damp I am you wouldn't need to ask. Take me to your bedroom but be mindful I'll need some looking after and I may ask you about things you did with Clare. Can you cope with that?" 

Nick led the way. "It's not my normal style but I'm getting aroused now and if I think it'll add to the sex, I'll play along."

In the bedroom, without speaking, they both undressed. Nick reminded himself of Anna's fantastic body. Always looking younger than her years, she was tall, appropriately slim but for her magnificent, big firm breasts. She had nice bum cheeks and slender legs. Auburn hair touched her shoulders. He noticed that there was just a small patch of dark red pubic hair above her sex lips. He also saw that her panties were lined with a wad of tissue, obviously damp with sex juices. He wished he could sniff it. He loved the sensual scent of sexual arousal.

They lay on top of the bed and turned and faced each other to kiss deeply. Her hand went to his hard cock and caressed it gently. She rolled onto her back and he touched her at the top of her legs to check just how moist she was. As he parted her lips his probing finger almost slid inside her, she was so wet, far wetter than he remembered her ever being. "I've been like that for nearly two days. That's what tipped me over into coming to see you."

She pulled him onto her and Nick remembered too that Anna liked moments of dominance during sex. 

"Did you go down on Clare?. He nodded which triggered her to push him down by his shoulders until his face was level with her pussy, reminding Nick that Anna's was perhaps the prettiest pussy he'd ever seem. She parted her thighs to open her inner-most parts to his full view. He could smell the unmistakeable aroma of female arousal and it heightened his own arousal. 

She pushed his face into her wet lips and as he engaged in noisy cunnilingus Anna pushed her head back and loudly sighed in early satisfaction. She was willingly having sex with a man who had recently fucked her daughter, extremely turned on by the thoughts of that fact. 

Her breathing grew deeper, faster and louder as his actions on her clitoris took her excitement to higher and higher levels. She thought about Nick intimately licking Clare and her sensations began to peak into her first orgasm. She pushed Nick's face harder into her and added some pelvic thrusts as her climax rippled through her. She part gasped, part growled at the peak of her excitement. 

As her orgasm subsided Anna eased her hold on Nick and he read this as a sign to move back up, hoping that he'd get to penetrate that wonderful pussy once again. Sure enough, she manoeuvred him into a position that allowed him to put his bulging knob at her entrance. 

"Fuck me like you fucked Clare!" she whispered and thrust towards him. She was so wet that his hard cock slid unhindered deep into her hot pussy. She was surprisingly tight but then he recalled that she had one of the tighter pussies he'd ever been inside. He momentarily realised the fact that Anna was tighter than Clare, almost remonstrating with himself for comparing. He settled into a smooth rhythm and Anna rose slightly to meet each thrust. 

"Did you make her come?" she asked only to hear that that was where most of the story was. Nick proceeded to slide his bone-hard cock in and out of her superb vagina, relishing the thrilling feelings. Anna began another climax and Nick tried to control his own excitement knowing that Anna would need a lot of sex before he should come. 

As she peaked she writhed in reaction to his cock ramming to and fro. Her head thrashed from side to side and she dug her fingers into his back in an excited but controlled manner. He gripped her large breasts and sucked hard on an erect nipple. Anna had orgasmed again, this time under him. 

As she recovered her composure he halted his fucking and rested on her while his dick throbbed within her, postponing any climax of his own. "How much fucking will you need?" he asked impishly. 

"Ohhhhh, quite a lot and next I want you to tit fuck me, like you used to. You won't have done that with Clare, will you?" she giggled referring to Clare's small breasts. He didn't answer but smiled and withdrew his cock from Anna's very wet pussy with a satisfying squelch. 

Now Nick straddled Anna and put his slippery organ between her breasts. She held them and formed a wonderful substitute for the real vagina below. As Nick slid in and out of Anna's breasts she said "I want you to squirt your spunk onto my breasts, Nick." He never even considered asking why. He settled into a pace that would soon bring spunk spurting from his bulbous knob. As it neared, he indicated to Anna and she awaited the joy of his climax. 

Nick expertly controlled his thrusts, withdrawing right at the crucial moment to allow the first jet of milky spunk to fly from him to land on Anna's cleavage with some splashing just under her chin. The pleasure zipping through him was high on his scale. The added excitement of the fucking both mother and daughter scenario was certainly showing up in his sensations. Three more jets shot from him to land on both breasts and above them. They were followed by a couple of weaker jerks which dripped slowly and Nick placed blobs directly onto her nipples. 

As his flow petered out, Anna erotically massaged her breasts and smoothed his juices all over her breasts and chest as well as her neck, groaning as she did so. Nick recalled Clare's description of the time all those guys wanked onto her and how she had rubbed the spunk all over her body and up between her legs. He watched the sensual act now being done by Anna as his cock began to soften from his spent climax. Did Anna know about Clare's spunky experience too? 

Nick did know that Anna would want more fucking though and that he'd need to be able to stiffen up again quite soon. 

Anna said "I needed you to do that. I wanted to be marked by you, to have your smell on me to remind me that you've had me again. But we need to fuck some more, - right! So, while we get you back into shape tell me what happened. How did Clare seduce you?"

Nick regaled the whole thing, leaving out only the 'Guess the dick' story. Anna was totalling intrigued, especially about the bi-sexual bit with Jenny and she held Nick's cock as he told all. He was soon hard again as he reacted to the excitement of the events, then and today's.

Once he was fully hard and Anna had heard everything and quizzed Nick for more details, she sat across his hips. "Like this, was it?" she said as she slid back onto his knob, raised it and took his whole shaft inside her. She then started to fuck him with very determined movements of her pelvis, her large breasts bouncing with the rhythm, nipples erect and covered with the now dried spunk. 

As she did so she asked Nick "Do you know when she first had sex?" Nick shook his head and said "No, but I bet she was young." Anna ground her pussy onto his hard cock and said "I think so too. There were more than a few occasions when I accidentally walked in on her fully masturbating. I never remonstrated with her, rather I tried to talk her through what it all meant and how to keep it discrete and special, you know. We had a great rapport and she'd ask me all sorts of things about sex." 

Anna continued. "She never told me but I detected a change in her asking me about things, as though she had found some of it out for herself now, so I guessed she was no longer a virgin. I kept an eye on her as best I could and made sure she knew where we kept condoms. Sure enough, some of them went. I counted! I suggested to our doctor that she put Clare on the pill. I know that she brought boys home for sex. I was happy that she had somewhere safe and comfortable to do it. I just know that she's got a huge sex drive and, y'know, I'm sure she got it from me. This is so hot, fucking you and talking about Clare who fucked you just like this, in this bed." 

There was a pause and Anna became more intense. She ground onto Nick's cock with greater gusto and with a deeper note to her voice said "You fucked my daughter! You fucked my daughter! And now I'm fucking you! Ah! Ah! Ah! You've had your big cock in my daughter! And now it's in me! And - I'm -- so -- turned -- on -- by -- it! Ah! Ah! Ah! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me hard! You shot your spunk up my daughter and your gunna shoot up me too! You fucked my daughter! You fucked Clare! She sucked your cock and now that cock's in my cunt! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck my hot wet cunt!" 

Nick revelled in Anna's turned on dirty sex talking though her use of 'cunt' had surprised him. He could see and feel how extremely excited she was and was thrilled to be part of it. He wanted to say things too but was cautious as the subject was so deeply sensitive. He risked joining in with carefully chosen words. "And I've licked your cunt today and tasted your lovely juices. And I've sprayed my hot spunk onto your big beautiful breasts too! You fuck me so well! You're such a great fuck partner!" 

Anna was gasping a constant stream of "Ah! Ah! Ah!" in time with her riding of Nick's cock. Then she repeated "You fucked my daughter! And I'm so excited by it I'm gonna come! I'm gonna come again!" and she did, gripping Nicks shoulders as she pressed down harder on his big cock. 

She gasped louder still as the electricity of another climax ricocheted around her nerve ends. She groaned in her abject pleasure, revelling in the sensations. As it ended she flopped forward onto Nick's chest, her large breasts still sticky with spunk, flattening against him. Her pussy was flowing with juices, some leaking down onto Nick's balls and then onto the bed.

"Nick, am I weird? I can't believe how turned on I am by it." she asked. 

"Well, I'm glad you are and I'm sure you're not weird. Don't forget, Clare had some similar sort of desires too. She decided to bed someone who'd slept with her mother. Maybe it's a genes thing. Who knows? But no one's getting hurt as far as I can tell and this'll be our secret so there are no worries. If you're getting something from it then, good! I know I am. Hot steamy sex with you again is brilliant. I never thought it would happen." 

She lifted her head a bit and asked "That's not part of why you fucked Clare though, is it?" 

He held the back of her head with one hand. "No, I told you I didn't initiate it. I know I could have stopped it happening but - well -- it was too good an offer to turn down and you know the old saying 'A standing cock has no conscience'. And I did try to keep it to oral when I was still believing that she couldn't climax. She was very convincing." 

Anna lay her head on his chest again and in a relaxed tone asked "Nick - will you fuck her again?" 

Nick's face changed to a puzzled expression. "I've not considered that but it'd depend on two things -- you and her. If you say 'No' then I won't. If you were to say it was okay then it'd depend on Clare. I won't try to, but if she came calling like that again, realistically I'd be tempted -- but only if you could handle the thought of it." 

She looked up at him again, thought briefly then said "Considering the actual effect on me, I'd be mad to say 'No'. I'm not sure. But thinking about it, if it didn't become a relationship, I could cope and I'd hope that you and I could perhaps be bed buddies every now and then too, irrespective of whether you two fuck any more. Let's be honest, this is very good sex that we're having on the back of it. Now, you've still got a rock hard dick in my very wet and excited pussy and I need to be fucked some more so let me off you and give it to me doggy style and squeeze my tits when you fuck me, like you used to." 

They got into the position in such a way that both could see their sex act in a large mirror that Nick had placed partly with this purpose in mind. Anna offered her rear end up and angled her back to present her pussy more obviously. In fact Nick could see the sex split as he approached her. He butted up to Anna and reached his hand past her waist and through her legs to guide his dick into her. He paused a moment as he got his knob placed just parting the moist lips. Then he eased into her a little more. Once he was sure of a clear entry he thrust his hips so that they thumped into Anna's bum cheeks and his cock propelled deep inside her pussy. She gasped loudly in surprise and pleasure. 

As Nick took rough hold of her breasts she said "I always loved you doing that way of entering me." then paused and resuming her new passion asked "Have you fucked Clare like this?" Nick just smiled and began a rhythm of hard deep thrusts into her. 

Anna began to moan and gasp in time to his sensuous strokes and the pleasure they generated inside her. She looked in the mirror at the two of them fucking and pictured her daughter there, naked, her long legs supporting her at the knees, her small breasts pointing down with erect nipples, receiving Nick's big long cock into her young sweet pussy as he gripped her small firm breasts.

"Yeah, you will fuck her again, Nick, I can see it now!"

******

More episodes from Clare's Sexpedition will follow soon.