 Entry 2 -- Linda's New Love

Later that evening, Linda was flipping through the diary rather haphazardly. She was reclining in bed, not quite ready to fall asleep. Much of what she had found so far in the diary was rather dry and unexciting—discussions about procedures and staff difficulties, purchases and dull meetings with various local patrons. She was hoping to find another entry like the one she read in her office. And then, when she was about to put the diary down and go to sleep, she saw this entry for June 23rd: 

While I do not entertain any thoughts of the female sex being stronger than their male counterpart, we females are certainly endowed with gifts and talents, that, when used at the correct and proper moment, can bring great power. This is particularly true when any said male exhibits certain weaknesses. Let me provide an example from today.

Our most esteemed chancellor, I have found, has a certain penchant for ladies foot ware and stockings. Priding himself on his high moral standards, the chancellor has endeavored to keep this interest hidden, maintaining a professional cordiality with me at all times, despite his wandering eyes. I have not had need to use this knowledge until yesterday, for you see, a letter arrived from his office detailing some financial obligations the library would have to make in the coming year. 

Not wanting to see this distinguished Library suffer when other, less reputable institutes within the university are less than deserving, I made an appointment to speak with the chancellor this morning. In addition to bringing my ledger and pad of statistics, I also dressed accordingly, with a higher than usual pair of leather boots--the pair with the laces--and the sheerest of stockings that I possess. 

Before leaving my office in the Library, I slipped a small pebble into my right boot. Naturally, this allows me to make a barely perceptible limp in my gait as I enter the Chancellor's office. As he rises to great me, I wince just a bit. 

"Miss White. Do tell me, is something awry?"

"Mr. Chancellor, please forgive me. I did not mean for my discomfort to show. For, you see, there appears to be a pebble or some such thing in my right boot."

With genuine concern, the Chancellor implores, "Please, Miss White, take a moment to correct the situation before we begin our meeting."

He moves over to his desk, and means to turn away in an offer of some privacy. However, I did anticipate this gesture.

Before he turns, I say, "Alas, I am afraid, I must put up with the discomfort till I return to my office. For, you see, the design of a woman's garments limit my ability to reach my shoe." I make as it to bend over, stopping myself before my hand can reach far enough.

"That is most distressing," he replies. I can see the thoughts going round inside his head. "Is there anything I can do?" 

I hear the anticipation in his voice, and know now that the day is won. "Oh, I could never impose, dear sir."

"Please, please, Miss White. The health and comfort of all of the staff are my highest priority." He pauses and smiles. "Tell me, what can I do."

I indicate in my most demure fashion that should he wish to, he could remove my boot, and the bothersome object, for me. Eager though he was, he took the time, and in a gallant manner, lifted the hem of my dress and the silk slip beneath to just above my knee, careful not to wrinkle any fabric, nor to linger upon my body. Then, he undid the lacing, and delicately, as if I and my attire were a precious piece of museum Chinaware, slipped the boot from my foot. He upended the boot and the offending pebble clanked to the floor. His hand then took my foot, almost in a loving embrace, and guided it back into the boot. 

The whole encounter took twice what it would have taken me, but it was clear that the ploy worked. One can say that my strong assets clearly won him over and in return he quickly reinstated the Library's funds. 

Linda put the diary down and smiled. While ethical codes were different today, she appreciated the way Clarissa rose to the occasion. She also remembered the days in college when she teased and seduced many of her classmates in a similar fashion, although not usually for any specific gain other than for pleasure. Images and scenes flooded her memory. Like the time she wore her high heels in physics class to attract the attention of a certain very-well-built male named Ivan. 

At first, she sat herself in front and below him in class (the room had stadium-styled seating). After feeling his eyes on her, she switched locations a week later, and he soon made is his way to a seat directly behind her. It wasn't long before he was helping her with problem sets and soon after that helping her with French and Greek, in a manner of speaking. 

And then there was that cute boy in Junior-year chemistry class, Samuel, who had a penchant for sweaters, especially a soft, cashmere-like one, with a low cut that revealed a little bit too much of my ample assets. Through some maneuvering, Linda became his lab partner, and then just his partner. She found herself blushing when the memory arose of the two of them literally engaged in their own experiment next to the Bunsen burners after all the other students had left at the end of class. 

It was not a coincidence that Linda took a lot of science classes, for the boy-to-girl ratio was always in her favor. It didn't hurt that she also had a wonderful mind for mathematics and reasoning, and enjoyed the classes on their own merits. Her college lovers, while frequently lacking in technique and endurance, made up for this with pure enthusiasm and passion. 

And then there was Mario during her Senior year, who pleased her to no end and persuaded her to marry him. That union didn't last long, and Linda quickly suppressed those painful memories, not wanting to spoil the mood she was in. But they did linger there, and the more she reminisced, the more she realized that since the breakup, her love life had been little to nil and that her marriage had buried all the good memories of what sex could be like. There was no reason why it could not be like that again. Age aside, there were likely plenty of good lovers still out there, and she, herself, was still in good shape and had much more experience to draw upon this time around.

Linda fell to sleep with her mind made up that she would continue on where her predecessor in the diaries had left off. 

The next morning, after taking a long bubble bath, smoothing lotion over her body and doing her hair with a French twist, so that a few soft tendrils dropped down onto her exposed neck, Linda set up to dress a bit sexier than usual. Mr. Kuzy was quite attractive, and she wanted to determine if he was interested in more than just her furniture. 

Linda took time to search her closet, looking for that perfect outfit to accentuate her ivory-like skin. She eventually chose a tight, black skirt, which would reveal her long, shapely legs, the hemline hovering mid way down her thighs. Her sheer blouse was cream colored with a plunging neckline that revealed a soft peach colored, silk camisole beneath. Next she chose a garter belt and lace-trimmed, sheer black stockings. A tailored jacket which she would leave unbuttoned, completed the outfit.

Linda then looked down at her regular shoes and shook her head. These wouldn't do for today, not at all. She kicked them off and then returned to the closet, finally drawing out a faded shoe box. The high-heel patent leather pumps inside still had their sheen. She slipped them on and walked slowly with a provocative step towards the dressing mirror, pirouetting playfully to examine how she looked in the outfit. Linda was pleased with what she saw. After applying her makeup, she chose delicate pearl earrings and a matching necklace. Complete and satisfied, she headed for the library office.

Mr. Kuzy was waiting for her when she drove up. She had not anticipated this, arriving some twenty minutes before their appointment. Linda had plans to rehearse what she was going to say and do before he arrived. But her disappointment was softened when she saw how Mr. Kuzy was dressed. He, too, had clearly taken the time to primp and prune himself to be as attractive as possible, looking very sharp in his Armani suit, his face shaved and a hint of musk cologne.

They shook hands once more, this time lingering just a fraction more than the first encounter, exchanged pleasantries, chatted about the weather, and eventually made their way to Linda's office. Her office was on the top floor and the windows overlooked the parking lot, with trees behind it. Plenty of privacy. 

Recalling the scene from the diary she had read last evening, Linda arranged the chairs in her office so that the two of them faced each other. They talked about the furniture specifications and costs, as well as delivery schedules and other details, dropping the occasional double entendre whose meanings were clearly understood. 

Then Linda asked, "Do you have the floor plans for each room, indicating the layout of the furniture?"

"Certainly." Came the reply. Mr. Kuzy pulled out a long rolled sheet from a tube he had brought along. Passing it over to Linda, he said, "I hope you find the arrangement satisfactory."

Linda tried to unroll the blueprint from her seat, but it was clearly too large. So she stood up and went over to her desk, unrolling it and placing heavy items at the four corners. Realizing that Mr. Kuzy was watching her intently, she purposely bent way over the desk, as if in a close, detailed inspection, making sure her shirt rose in response, exposing the tops of her lace stockings and silky smooth thighs. Pretending to need to balance herself, she spread her legs further part. Her skirt molded to her delicious curves and her perfume was released into the air. 

Mr. Kuzy took the hint, rising and walking over to her side. He asked, "Would you like me to explain the features?" He purposely stood right next to her, letting his hip ever so slightly touch hers. Then he bent over slightly, placing one arm around each side of her. 

Linda asked him to explain some of the symbols on the map, even though she already knew their meaning. As he responded, she leaned into him, slightly at first, then with more pressure when he did not complain or shy away. Upon finishing his explanation, he straightened up, and it was then that she felt his hand on her derriere. His caressing was slight at first, unsure and tentative, but after Linda pressed herself further against him, the caresses became firmer and bolder. 

It wasn't long before his hands slipped under the skirt, exploring the already moist area between her legs. Linda began to moan in pleasure, coaxing Mr. Kuzy on to explore and touch more. He eventually shifted position, placing himself directly behind her. Linda reveled in the increased tension in her body, as his fingers slipped inside her, her juices betraying her desire. He began to caress her clitoris. She knew that her orgasm was only moments away.

"I'm sure that this proposal," she said coyly, "Offers some protection." 

Suddenly the hands stopped and disappeared. Linda was about to say something, to implore Mr. Kuzy to continue with his exquisite handiwork, when she distinctly heard the sound of a wrapper being torn. She also became aware of the faint smell of a condom. A moment later, two hands grabbed the cheeks of her derriere firmly and spread them apart. She then felt his engorged member press up against her and eventually slip ever-so-slowly inside. The sensation was unbelievable—so intense, almost sharp, like pain, but oh-so-much better. He began his rhythm slowly. At one point, he bent over her, slipping his arms beneath her, undoing the buttons of her blouse, and then massaging her breasts beneath the camisole. Her nipples, already large, grew ever harder with his caresses. 

When she felt she could not bear any more pleasure, Mr. Kuzy picked up his rhythm, flooding her with more sensations. His hands slid back along her body, stopping at her hips and grabbing her flesh firmly for leverage as he plunged into her ever harder. Linda reached the point where should couldn't hold out any longer and an orgasm unlike any she had experienced since her college days flooded her body. A moment later she felt Mr. Kuzy explode inside of her and felt him shudder in pleasure.

The two remained joined that way for quite a few moments, each savoring the sensations still coursing through their bodies. Linda knew then that she would have to begin a diary of her own that evening, and that she would be continuing the legacy of Clarissa. 

End, Entry 2.