 Maybe I'm Getting Better at This.

All afternoon I sat and watched my phone. I was determined that the next time I got the chance, I could prove to myself that I could make this work. In all honesty, now I had time to reflect, I had enjoyed something about the encounter with Steve the night before. I couldn't quite work out what it was. Giving up watching the phone for a while, I went and took a shower. 

I found myself enjoying getting ready that evening. It had been so long since I had a reason to make an effort and even if no one called me, I would still get dressed nicely. Having looked at hundreds of other girl's profiles, I knew the image that I wanted today. Once my long blonde hair was dry, I tied it up in a ponytail and went to my room. Finding some red g string panties and a red bra, I got dressed and then got out my short black skirt and a white shirt. I checked in the mirror to make certain that my bra was visible through the thin shirt. I smiled at myself. Even though I was now effectively, an escort, I was earning my own money and prospects were looking better, financially, at least. It also occurred to me that for the first time in weeks, I didn't feel bored.

I had been sitting around for a few hours and it was just past 9pm when my cell rang. I jumped at the sudden noise in my peaceful apartment. I didn't recognise the number. This may be a new client. I answer with the sweetest voice I can muster.

"Hello"

The man's voice on the phone is friendly sounding. In my head, I imagined that he was quite young. "Hello Clarissa, I was, urr, wondering if I could come and see you tonight."

I took a deep breath and replied, "Of course, what time would you like to come?"

"Are you free in thirty minutes?"

"I am free, why don't you come over. I'll SMS my address to you."

"Oh, thank you," I smiled as he seemed genuinely happy about it.

"What's your name?" I ask, sweetly.

"I'm Duane." The man replies.

"OK Duane, see you in thirty minutes." I end the call and immediately feel nervous again.

I gave myself a few minutes to let it sink in and to remind myself to take control this time. I figured out that I could be professional about it and still be sexy and give the man what he needed, I only had about five more minutes to wait and the strangest thing happened. I realised that I was a little bit aroused and I could feel that my pussy had got a little damp. That had to be a good sign? I told myself.

The intercom buzzed right on time and I answered. "Hi Clarissa, it's Duane" came the friendly voice. 

"Hiya Duane. I'm waiting for you on the fourth floor"

I was happy to hear that Duane still sounded friendly and I was intrigued to see what he would look like.

Footsteps arrived at my door and, after a second or two came the knock. Take control, take control I said over and over in my head as I opened the door and looked at the young man in front of me. 

"Hello Duane, please come in." I asked as he smiled at me warmly.

Duane walked into my apartment. He looked a little younger than me, maybe 22 or 23. That was a little shock, I hadn't imagined that younger men would visit an escort, but I could add that to a lot of things that I hadn't considered. I was happy, he had a big smile on his face as he looked at me. 

"Would you like a drink?" I asked him.

"I'd love a glass of water, thank you." 

Duane was well spoken, and well dressed in smart back pants and a light blue shirt. His shoes were polished and clean. I walked through to the kitchen and returned with a glass of spring water. I was slightly surprised to see that Duane had taken a seat on my sofa. I handed him the glass and sat next to him. Duane asked me if I was well and passed the time in a pleasant and friendly way as he drank. 

I found that I was feeling quite relaxed which was surprising to me but I was glad for it. Duane said, "Oh. This is for you, its the $200." I thanked him and took it, placing it a jar on my table. 

Duane put his glass down on the table and looked at me. I took my cue and put my hand on his thigh, saying, "Would you like to come into the next room with me?" 

"I think that's a very good idea." Duane said confidently. I stood and walked through the door to the guest bedroom, deliberately wiggling my ass a little as I walked. I was feeling like I was in control and this all felt much better so far. 

We entered the room and I felt Duane put his hands on my waist from behind me. I was half expecting him to slap my ass and tell me he wanted to fuck me, but instead, he kissed my neck. I leant my head over to one side and gave him access. Duane kissed and licked my shoulder and neck so nicely. He was really turning me on as his lips and tongue worked their magic. His hands ran around my front and gently cupped and massaged my breasts as he continued to kiss my neck. 

This young man really knew what he was doing, I thought as I felt little waves of pleasure course through my body from head to toe.

I turned around slowly, putting my hands up and starting to unbutton his shirt, I pulled it off his shoulders as I ran my hands over his muscular chest. I unbuckled his belt and felt him fumbling for the buttons on my shirt. I stood up and helped, taking off my shirt and then my bra. Duane immediately put his hands on my breasts and then I heard him breathe in deeply as my nipples hardened into his big hands. I reached around and unzipped my skirt, dropping it to the floor before I went back to Duane and unzipped his pants, pulling them down. Lastly, I pulled his boxers over his cock, and dropped them to the floor. 

Duane put his hands on my shoulders and gently pushed be back. I became a little worried he was going to fuck me as I hadn't put the condom on him but before I could speak, Duane sat on the end of the bed, grabbed my panties and I lifted up my ass from the bed and he pulled them off, next,he pulled my thighs apart. I watched his head drop between my legs and I felt him start to kiss my pussy lips softly. 

By this point, I was wondering why I was even worried, this felt amazing. Duane, licked and sucked my clit and I began to gyrate around and started moaning. I felt his big finger push into my pussy as he kept sucking my clit. I realised that very soon, I would be past the point of no return and would surely cum. Fuck it, I thought, go with it! Duane pushed a second finger up my pussy and that was it, he gave a huge suck and I gritted my teeth as my legs began to shake hard. "I'm cumming, Oh, fuck, I'm cumming" I blurted out. Duane giggled as he felt my pussy clamp on his fingers.

Oh my God! My second ever client had just made me cum! I didn't have the time to ponder on it though but I allowed myself a moment to enjoy the feeling of a man making me orgasm, it had been a good while since the last time. I sat up and put my hand on Duane's rather large cock which was dribbling pre cum. Gently, I curled my fingers around it and slid my hand up and down. It felt nice as I spread the pre-cum all over it and I spent a couple of minutes savouring the feeling of this throbbing, hard, big dick in my hand. I held my hand still and looked up at him. "Do you wanna fuck me now?" I asked.

"Shit, yes I really do" 

I smiled and leant over, grabbing a condom from the drawer. No need for the lube today! I unrolled it down his rock-hard shaft and as soon as I was done, Duane lay down on the bed. I guessed that meant he wanted me to ride him?

I climbed on the bed and straddled him, I squatted over his cock and could see him looking between my legs. Reaching between my legs, I grabbed his dick and rubbed it around my wet pussy until I felt it in just the right place, the lovely feeling as the head of a dick, kinda locates itself in my pussy entrance. I'd always loved this part. I pushed down and felt him start to slide inside as my pussy opened and spread around his cock. Duane grunted as I allowed my body to drop down, feeling his hard dick was all the way up into my tight little tunnel. 

He felt really, really good inside me and I started to rock my hips, grinding my pussy into him, sliding his dick in and out. I loved the sound it made as the juices squelched. I got on my knees and leant forward, putting my hands on his chest and he grabbed my thighs. I felt him pulling my downwards a little as hi pelvis thrust up to meet me. I was panting and grunting as I fucked him. I felt him start to push upwards harder and his cock got a little harder. I could see him grit his teeth and I knew he was close. I smiled at him and nodded slowly and then I squeezed my pussy muscles and pushed down hard, he cried out and thrust upwards. I felt him cumming inside me and I held my body still until he began to relax. 

"Fuck! That was amazing!" Duane managed to say in between deep breaths.

Both out of breath, I slid up and off his cock. I felt it was getting softer as it flopped out of my pussy. Sitting back, I grabbed some tissue and slid the condom off, which had a large amount of sperm in the end. Then I cleaned him up, wiping his sticky cock with tissue. Duane was out of breath and could hardly speak. I leant down and kissed his cheek before I stood up.

As I picked up my clothes, Duane said, "I think I will be coming to see you again."

"Anytime baby." I said with a grin. 

"Do you want to take a shower before you go?" I ask without really thinking about it.

"No, thank you, I must go now" Duane said as he sat himself up.

I let Duane get dressed and I showed him to the door where he thanked me and kissed my cheek before he left. I sat for a bit and gathered my thoughts. My second time, so I guess for now ,I am an escort! There was no getting away from it. I had enjoyed my time with Duane and even let him make me cum. Quite a night really. I was heading for the shower when my another SMS came through on my cell.

I looked at my cell and read a message that said 'R U Free Now?' I was faced with an immediate dilemma, I hadn't even considered more than one man per day and even then, not every day. But in hindsight, that seemed like a really stupid assumption. I didn't even consider it any more before I replied to the message with a yes and sent my address. 

I went to bathroom, washed and got dressed again. 

Half an hour later, I was opening my door again and this time an older, thin man. He didn't really smile but looked me up and down and then and came in without being invited. I guess he was in his late 50s. I didn't have a good feeling about this guy. 

"Fancy anything to drink?" I said as an ice breaker.

"No!" said the man abruptly as he threw a bundle of bills on the coffee table. "Let's get on down to it."

Before I could say anything else, he unzipped his pants, reached inside and literally flopped out his dick. He stood there, looking at me, holding his dick. 

"Suck me." He barked as he nodded at me and towards the floor. 

Something in me liked being ordered around but I was very unsure of this man, we hadn't even made it as far as the guest room. I think he must have been in my place for less than two minutes before I was getting to my knees like a good girl!

I knelt in front of him and needed no further instructions. I reached up, as he towered over me, took his cock in my hand and dutifully slipped my lips over the head, sliding him into my mouth. He wasn't very big and I got almost all his dick in. He groaned as I sucked hard. I let my hand drop and he put his hands on the back of my head as I began to slide my head up and down, sucking as hard as I could. 

I put my hands behind my back as I let him start to fuck my face, it wasn't too uncomfortable as his cock bumped over my lips and tongue. I managed to breathe at just the right moment each time so as not to interrupt his thrusting. There was nothing erotic about this, I knew this guy just needed to cum. It was fine, that was what he paid me for. I had definitely preferred my time with Duane. As I sucked hard, bobbing my head up and down it also occurred to me that this was the first time I had been with two men on the same day.

In my mouth, I could taste the pre-cum as his cock felt more slippery and his grunts increased, as did the speed of his thrusts into my mouth. I heard him grunt loudly and I got ready for a mouth full of cum but instead, he pulled out his cock and pumped it in his hand until I felt his hot cum, hit my face. It hit my forehead, eye and I felt some land on my chest almost in my cleavage. 

The stranger was zipping himself up and nodded at me before he turned, and left, letting the door slam behind him! I was left, in a state of bewilderment, kneeling in my front room with unknown man's cum dripping off my face! I stood up and went to my bathroom and stripped off before stepping into my shower. I suddenly burst out laughing to myself at what had just happened. 

The warm water splashed over my body and as I cleaned myself, rubbing soap from head to toe, I contemplated my second day. I couldn't pretend that I hadn't found it enjoyable and while I had enjoyed a pretty amazing time with Duane, I also kind of liked the idea of the anonymous man who came in, gave me cash, took what he wanted, then left. I was no worse off for the experience, just a little sticky. Also, thinking practically, I had almost a weeks' salary in 2 nights. Surely, that meant that all this was working out?

A few things occurred to me as I was laying in bed that night. Firstly, I would need a dedicated cell phone for my new job. Secondly, I was also going to have to buy some men's toiletries, if someone did want to use the shower, I had nothing to offer. Lastly, I felt like I needed some advice - but who the hell do you ask about that? I made up my mind that in the morning, I would go for my run and then think about how I could find out more about being an escort. After a few days, it seemed to be suiting me and I had been worried that I would feel dirty, or used, but actually, as I fell asleep that night, I felt empowered. 

The following morning and I am racing through the park. I suddenly started freaking out that I could accidentally run into one my clients but then I told myself, so what? What are they gonna say? I got all the way home and ran through my post-run habitual process of a shower and then lunch. Spending some time getting ready was really nice and I left the apartment looking sexy in pink socks and trainers, denim shorts and a pink tee shirt. 

I spent a fun couple of hours shopping an found a decent burner cell phone and also treated myself to a selection of new lingerie, I figured I'd be needing it and my bag was full of sexy panties, bras, stockings and other little lace treats. I also thought that it would be a good idea to stock up on condoms and lube, it seemed like I would need them. To avoid arousing suspicion I went to 3 drug stores and bought a large box of rubbers and a bottle of lube in each one. At the last minute, I remembered shower gel and shampoo. Feeling satisfied with my afternoon's work, I headed back to my place.

Once I put everything away, I settled back with my laptop. I logged into my escort site and changed the number for my cell. I was just about to log off when I noticed a link for chat room. I wondered if that may be a good place to speak to another girl and get some tips. I clicked the link and waited as the chatroom loaded.

There was a sub room called 'service providers only' and I figured that would be worth a try. I clicked on the room and it opened to show 12 women logged in. The public chat was mostly moaning about crap clients. I had a couple already that I could have discussed! But that wasn't why I was here. I read through all their profiles and I noticed that there were all far more experienced than me. These women were spread all over the world but I found another girl from Chicago.

Looking at her profile, Emma was 42 years old and had been a member of the site for 15 years. She had obviously been looking after herself, her toned body was stunning in the pictures. Her menu of services also led me to believe that she was very experienced, in fact, there didn't seem to be much that she didn't offer her clients. I was about to contact her and I noticed that her hourly charge started at $500. I suddenly found her very intimidating. 

I stared at her profile for a couple of minutes, then clicked...

I'll tell you what happened in the next part of my story, thank you for reading it this far xxx