 One weekend at the beginning of the fall semester, Claire is at the school still setting up the classroom. She texts me to come help her hang stuff on the walls. She asks me do that a lot because she can't hang them straight and I'm a lot more meticulous with it. The school is only a few blocks away so it only takes me a couple of minutes to walk over there. Claire has been at the school since before I woke up, but it is still only mid-morning and she could be there all day. As I get close, I get out my phone and text her to let me in. Even though I thought I timed it well, I still get there before she opens the door. There's a couple of other cars parked outside as teachers are notorious for over-working. When she does open the door, I'm a little shocked at her outfit.

"Why are you so dressed up?" I ask as she holds the door open for me.

"I thought we might go on a little date later," she says.

I nod and we walk down the hall. Normally, she would just have her hair up and be wearing an old t-shirt and athletic shorts or leggings. Instead, she's loosely curled her hair. Her makeup is on point like always. She has on a plain white dress top that is pretty tight across her chest and leaves little to the imagination about the her large breasts. If I look close enough, I can see the red lacy but functional bra she has on underneath. She has on a black skirt that is just a little too short to really be school appropriate. She has on no leggings and her tan legs look as smooth as satin. She's not even wearing tennis shoes, but instead she has on a pair of open-toed flats with crisscrossing straps that go up just past her ankle. Her large hips sway as she walks and a date or school are the furthest things from my mind.

"You look fantastic," I finally say as we reach her classroom.

She turns and beams at me before opening the door. She teaches first grade and the room is about what you would expect. There's lots of stuff going on everywhere, but it all serves a purpose. Elementary schools have changed completely since I was a kid. Half the things she talks about them doing we never did. On one of the tables she has a bunch of super hero posters and adhesive strips to hang them. She tells me where she wants them before turning in a swish of her skirt and going to the closet to organize things there. It takes me about an hour to hang everything up because I keep stopping to ask her where she wants things exactly. She eventually tells me to just do it however and make it look good. A few times I put a poster on the wall, get down, and realize it is not quite right and I have to take it down to move it half an inch this way or that.

When I'm done, I find her in the closet still organizing things. She's bending over a box of what looks like textbooks. She's facing away from the door. The way she's bending over her ass is high in the air and the skirt is pulled tight revealing the outline of the thong she has on. I step towards her and smack her ass. I grab it and squeeze it before letting go. Obviously she knew I was there, otherwise she would have jumped and squealed. I often sneak up on her accidently. Instead, she shakes her ass back and forth at me and I squeeze it again. She stands up and presses herself backwards against me.

"You're being a naughty boy," she says seductively and I'm sure she can feel my cock harden in my shorts.

"I guess I'm just hot for the teacher," I tell her and kiss her neck.

She rubs her ass against my crotch one last time before stepping away. She walks past me out of the closet and gently gropes my growing cock as she walks by. I follow her out.

"I can't wait to get you home," I say as I watch her walk to the classroom door.

"I can't wait," she says. She turns off the lights and then locks the door before turning around.

I think she means she can't wait to get home, but she walks back up to me and pins me against the wall. She puts her hand on the back of my head and pulls my lips toward hers. She kisses me softly at first but it soon turns passionately aggressive. I put both hands on her ass and pull her towards me so she can feel my hard cock against her. I squeeze her ass and let go as she breaks off the kiss stepping away

"Let's get home," I say turning toward the door.

"No," she says and grabs my hand pulling me to the front of the room. "Class has been dismissed and you have to stay after."

She pulls me to her desk before letting go of my hand. She makes a show of bending over her desk to clear some space. She lifts up her skirt to reveal the red thong she has on underneath. The fabric is moist with her excitement. Once she has cleared some room, she sits on the edge of her desk and pulls me toward her. She kisses me harder and harder until I have to pull away just to breath.

"You've been a naught boy," she says and she's going all in on the teacher role play.

"What have I done?" I ask her as she reaches out and caresses my throbbing cock through my shorts.

"I see the way you look at me in class when you don't think anyone is looking," she says. "I see you staring at my big tits wishing you could see them and suck on them." As she talks, she puts her hands on her breasts and squeeze them. "I see you staring at my ass wanting to take me from behind. I know you try and see up my skirt just hoping for a glimpse of my pussy." She spreads her legs and pulls up the skirt to fully reveal her thong. She pulls it to the side and flashes her pussy for just a moment before pulling her skirt back down. "I see how hard your cock gets when you think about me." She again gropes my crotch.

"What are you going to do?" I ask her.

"Naughty boys have to stay after school and help the teacher," she says. "You have to do everything I tell you."

She pulls me back towards her and kisses me a moment before pulling her shirt up and revealing her tan tits barely being held back by her bra. She pushes my head between her cleavage and I kiss and lick all the skin I can find. She pushes my head further and further down until I have to kneel in front of her as she sits on the edge of the desk. She spreads her legs again and pulls up her skirt. She slips her thong to the side before pushing my head towards her luscious pussy.

"First, you have to help me by licking my pussy."

I hesitate for only a moment as I think about the cars outside the building and how anyone walking passed could look through the window by the door and see us. However, this thought leaves as soon as I smell her sweet pussy and taste her wetness on my tongue. I dive right in and she moans as I tongue her clit. I lick my way up and down her pussy lips. I thrust my tongue deep into her tasting her most delicious wetness. I nibble gently on her clit and she shivers as I do. I continue to eat her out until she pulls on my hair and pushes me away.

"You don't get off that easy. You can't just eat me out and think you'll be done," she says with a glint in her eye.

"What do I do now?" I ask her waiting to even stand up.

"Sit in my chair," she says. After I have done so, she continues," Pull out that hard cock for me and stroke it. I want to watch you play with yourself like you do when you fantasize about fucking your teacher."

I unbutton and unzip my shorts and pull them down along with my boxer briefs. They fall to my ankles and I sit with my bare ass on her teacher's chair. I wrap one hand around my cock and slowly stroke it up and down. I use my other hand to gently tug on my balls. As I stroke precum oozes onto the tip of my cock and I use my finger to swirl it around. I switch to stroking with my other hand and use the other to squeeze the base of my dick tightly. Then I wrap both my hands around my hard cock and move my hips up and down through them. Claire watches all the while with her breath getting heavier and heavier.

"Good," she says. "You're not done though. To really help me, you have to put that thick cock in me."

I stand back up and step toward the desk just as Claire hops off it. She pulls her skirt up and her panties down to her ankles. She leans on the desk and sticks her ass in the air for me. I stand behind her and she grabs my dick to guide it into her tight pussy. She sighs heavily as I penetrate her from behind. She's dripping wet and I slide in easily.

"You've fantasized about fucking me so much. Is it as good as you thought?" she asks as I slowly start to thrust in and out of her.

"You're so fucking hot," I say. "This is better than any of my fantasies."

"Good," she says. "You're such a naughty boy fucking me like this. Fuck me harder."

I increase my speed and ram my dick in and out of her as hard as I can. Her cup of pencils falls over and they scatter to the ground. The entire desk shakes with each one of my hard thrusts. My entire length is in her tight pussy as my balls slap against her. I try my hardest to hold back the churning in my balls. I groan louder and louder as she moans too.

"You have to wait until I give you permission," she says between breaths.

I slow down a little bit to help myself last. Her hand is between her legs working her clit as I fuck her from behind. Her breathing sharpens even more and I know she is close to coming too. I curl my toes as I try and hold it back as long as possible. I feel like my entire body is going to explode when she lets out her loudest moan yet.

"Fuck," she says. "Fucking cum in your favorite teacher's pussy you naughty boy."

She doesn't have to tell me twice and as she shudders with her own orgasm I explode with my own. My vision blurs and I can't see straight. My full-body orgasm is so intense I can't even feel my cum shoot deep into her pussy. I moan and groan and keep pumping my hips as long as I can stand it before slowing down. I slip out of her pussy and my cock is already softening by the time I slump back in her chair. As my vision returns, I see Claire still leaning over the desk with my cum dripping out of her pussy and down her leg. Some of it spilled out when I pulled out and is adorning her thong at her ankles. She takes a deep breath and sighs before straightening up.

"Quite the mess you've made now," she says and pulls her thong back up. She pulls her skirt down covering up the cum splattered on her thighs. "I'm not sure you've learned your lesson though. You might need to stay after class the rest of the year."

"If I have to," I say, but I can't conceal the grin on my face as I pull my pants back up.

As we step out into the hall, we look around to see if anyone has noticed, but there isn't anyone out there. If anyone did see us, they didn't stick around. We walk to the car to drive the few blocks home and I shiver with excitement one last time.