 I banged on the door. "Yo, Chris! Are you in there? Stop jerkin' off! I need to borrow your printer!" I waited patiently for a few seconds. No response. I raised my hand to knock again when the door swung in, revealing Chris's exasperated face, his brown eyes glaring at me. I held up my flash drive. "I just need to print out my essay, is that okay?"

He sighed. "Sure, come on. Make it quick."

"What kind of a greeting is that?" I asked, as he shut the door behind me. "Is that any way to say hello to your beautiful neighbor?"

"Like you're one to talk, Lisa. You nearly gave me a heart attack with that Verdun of a hello of yours. How do you knock so loud? You're like, a hundred pounds."

I flexed my arm and smiled. "You didn't think I did all that taekwondo for nothing, did ya? Don't tell me you need another demonstration..."

He winced. "I'm good. Just thinking about the last time makes me body ache..."

"I really didn't mean to kick you in the balls. It was an accident!"

"It's fine... Water under the bridge. Just...don't do it again..." 

"So can I use your computer, Chris? Please?"

"I mean, I was going to say yes until you reminded me about your surprise martial arts demonstration..."

"You didn't believe I was stronger than you! I was defending my honor!"

"I don't know..."

I smirked and grabbed the bottom of my shirt. "How about a trade, then? Tits for prints?" Before Chris could react, I flung my shirt up and shimmied my petite breasts. His eyes went wide as his stare froze on my chest. He was adorable when he was flustered. "Now come on, those are worth a print job, aren't they?"

"Fine, fine, you can use my computer..." he said, putting up his hands in front of his face, but not, I noticed, in such a way that would actually block his view.

"Thank you!" I pulled my shirt back down. "And don't be so histrionic. You can't even see anything, anyway. I'm wearing a bra."

"I'm not sure I would glorify that with the name of 'bra.'" he declared. "More like a misplaced, unusually colorful eye patch."

I tugged on my neckline and peered down. "Ohhhh, yeah... Forgot I was wearing my Gettin' Lucky bra. Whoopsies. Laundry day."

"You wear lingerie on laundry day?" he asked, eyebrow raised.

"Well it's not like I'm wearing it any other day lately. And besides. everything else was dirty. Unless you'd prefer I just don't wear a bra at all? My, my, how salacious... But if you really want a view..." I teased, playing with the hem of my top.

"Please keep your bra on," he stated.

"Spoilsport..." I sat down at his laptop and plugged in my flash drive, opening its folder and finding my history essay. The printer buzzed to life, light returning to its displays as its insides whirred and kachunked. Line by line, my essay incarnated onto the page. "So how's Rebecca?" I asked, waiting for the printer to finish its task. "I saw you guys outside of the dining hall last night. Were you on a date? Did you two kiss? "

He smiled. "Yeah... We went and saw Mad Max afterwards. It was awesome! She was kind of creeped out by the beginning, but she ended up loving it. She really liked Nux. We're gonna go to the taiko concert tomorrow night, too, at Schwartz Hall."

"Ooh, nice. You two sure do spend a lot of time together. Must be serious... You're not going to forget about me, are you?" I asked, opening up his browser history. "We're still on for that salsa class on Sunday, right? I need a partner."

"Of course I won't forget about you, Lisa. You're my best friend. And I'm all yours Sunday. Promise. 

"But I think it is getting pretty serious. She's smart, she's funny, she loves listening to me talk about geeky stuff... I'm happy just cuddling with her in bed, doing nothing but holding her. She's almost perfect..."

But I wasn't listening anymore. I was going through his recent pages. And the page titles left very little room for ambiguity. "Cute chick doing a great blowjob," "Good morning blowjob," "Amateur blowjob contest..." I bit my lip. Guess I knew what Chris's kink was now... I clicked on one labeled "Asian masseuse deep throats and swallows" and waited for it to load while Chris continued to eulogize Rebecca.

The video started as I watched, eyes wide and rapt as a young woman welcomed a customer to what I was already beginning to suspect was not quite a legitimate massage parlor, based mostly on the masseuse's miniskirt of a kimono and her obvious absence of a bra. Or panties, I realized, as she bowed to her client. Chris stopped talking and looked over at the computer screen. His face quickly turned as red as the masseuse's lipstick.

"H-hey!" he stammered, trying to close his laptop. But I was faster, and pulled it away. "Quit it! What are you watching?"

"You should know... I found it in your history. It looked interesting..."

He averted his eyes. "Why were you going through my history? I thought you were printing your paper out?"

"I got bored! And I was curious... It's not like I was expecting to find porn." But I had kind of hoped I would... I glanced back at the screen. The masseuse was helping the customer out of his clothes and on to the massage table. Her dark brown eyes roamed over his muscled and tattooed body.

"Turn it off..." Chris pled.

"Oh, come on, don't be a prude. Watch it with me!" I suggested. I was curious what sort of porn Chris watched. What did he watch while he sat alone in his room, stroking his cock to orgasm? What did he think about? 

He blinked rapidly in consternation. "Watch it? With you?"

"Yeah with me, what's the big deal?"

"Uh, well, let's see, it's porn, aaaaaand...it's porn."

"So? We've watched sex scenes in movies together before and it wasn't weird."

"There's a difference between a movie with a sex scene and a sex scene that's a movie... Besides, movies are usually...simulated. This, uh...isn't."

"That's what makes it interesting. Come on. I'll give you a backrub if you'll watch it with me... Please? How can you resist?"

He hummed. I smirked. He was faltering. "Why do you even want to watch it?" he inquired. 

I tried my best to appear innocent. "I want to check my technique. Or..." I began, brushing my hand against his thigh as he startled backwards. "...you could tell me what you think of it." I laughed at his reaction.

"Okay, fine, I'll watch it with you if you promise to behave."

"Promise!" I surrendered the seat to him. He sat down and I stood behind him, placing my hands onto his shoulders right as the customer was turning over on the table, his obscenely skimpy towel doing little to hide his massive erection. That lucky little minx... It was so unfair... The last guy I brought home was packing four inches, and she had a footlong to play with. My crotch warmed as I began to give Chris his backrub, both of us watching the laptop screen. 

"So..." I inquired, my lips near his ears, "you really like blowjobs, huh?"

He was silent for a moment. I wished I could see his face... I was just sure he was blushing adorably. "I mean, y-yeah, don't all guys?" he stammered.

"Well, not just guys. I do, too," I confessed.

He turned around and looked up at me, his cheeks still pink. "Really?" 

"Really! I love the feeling of a guy's cock filling my mouth, having his hot, hard cock inside me, feeling him quiver between my lips as he cums, getting to swallow every last drop of his orgasm. It's this special little treat just for me. I feel like I'm just totally in control, like I have absolute power over his pleasure...", I explained, my fists clenched as I savored memories of past cocks sucked and loads swallowed before realizing I was getting a little too into my answer. I coughed politely. "What do you like about them? Besides, like, the obvious..."

"Me? It...geez...this is so embarrassing..."

"No, it's okay! Keep going, I'm curious!" I said. On screen, the masseuse was reaching under the towel with a wickedly mischievous grin on her face. I glanced down. Chris's jeans bulged outward, a long, thick ridge reaching down his thigh. He'd look pretty good in a towel in a massage bed, I bet. Just how big was that bulge? How did he taste? How much would he cum? Would he be sweet or bitter? I shook my head. I shouldn't be thinking that about my taken friend...

"Okay," he conceded, taking a deep breath. "It feels really passionate to me, you know? It's really hot to see a woman so desirous that she's willing to do that. It feels more, uh, intimate, I guess, than just regular sex. Is that weird?"

"No way, not at all. I agree one hundred percent. I've always thought that the mouth is the center of intimacy. Giving a blowjob is like kissing a guy in his most precious place. Even fucking can feel impersonal with the wrong guy, but I never feel that way about fellatio. It always feels so much more personal, more passionate. I'd rather blow a guy than fuck him, to be honest. I love just being the giver of his pleasure, like he's my master and my only purpose is to bring him to orgasm. 

"You know...my absolute favorite thing is to wake my guy up with a blowjob, so the first thing he sees when he wakes up is my face between his thighs, sucking away, his shaft vanishing between my lips." My thighs felt hot. My panties were damp. 

"That sounds amazing..." he admitted.

"Ever tried it?"

"No..."

"You're missing out," I promised him. When was the last time I had had a cock in my mouth? It must have been David. That had been, what, two months ago? My soul ached at the thought that it had been so long since I had sucked a man to orgasm, since I had swallowed his seed. The masseuse felt the same way, apparently, from the relish she displayed as she engulfed her customers cock, her full breasts spilling out of her kimono, her head bobbing up and down vigorously. My hands were no longer massaging, just gripping Chris's shoulders as we watched together in silence.

Neither of us spoke as she writhed upon his body, his head tilted back in pleasure, her lips tightly wrapped around his long, hard shaft. The room filled with the wet sounds of slurps and licks and swallows. The masseuse was in love with his cock, passionately pleasuring it with a smile on her face. She kept her eyes locked on him, watching his face as he moaned and grunted. 

I kept looking downwards at Chris's lap. It was all too obvious that he was enjoying himself just as much as I was. His manhood pulsated within its prison, swollen with lust. Oh, how I wanted to free it, to satisfy its desires. I could feel my mouth unconsciously forming into a perfect "O," ready to take him into my mouth. I removed one of my hands from his shoulders and began to lazily rub myself through my pants, trying to temporarily satiate my ravenous desire.

Before long, the customer could no longer resist his masseuse's lascivious skills. He groaned like a wounded beast. His hips bucked wildly, but she refused to release her prey. She pulled him deeper into his mouth, not letting a single drop go to waste. Her throat bulged as she swallowed his cum. My tongue tingled with vicarious pleasure. My whole body smoldered. The masseuse released her customer from her mouth and beamed proudly at the camera, his semen dripping from her lips. I thirsted for it. I licked my lips. The clip ended.

I realized I had been holding my breath. I exhaled deeply and broke the silene. "Wow... That was pretty hot, don't you think?"

"Y-yeah..." he stammered. I leaned over him and looked down. His cock strained furiously against his pants. I whimpered and swallowed. God, that thing was tempting. What I wouldn't give to get him into my mouth and feel his body shake as he let me swallow his tasty treat. And I knew he would enjoy it, too. I would make sure of that...

"I just love her technique, the way she moves and bobs. And she has such passion. That's the kind of blowjob I love to watch, like the girl's been poisoned and the only antidote is cum, you know? Passion is the single hottest ingredient in a blowjob."

He coughed drily. "I agree. She was pretty good."

My eyes spied a banana on his night stand, presumably purloined from the dining hall this morning. I had an idea. I knew it was a bad idea, but I couldn't help myself. "How would you like to see my technique?" I asked. "Let me know what you think?

He turned around, his eyes wide. "What?!"

I stood up and grabbed the fruit, walking back over to him and peeling it. "Relax, not for real. Just a mock-up." I turned his seat away from the desk and placed the faux phallus between his legs, "accidentally" brushing against his inner thigh. He shuddered deliciously. "Just hold this right here, and watch me."

"I, uh, don't think I should..."

"Oh, come on. Are you worried about Rebecca?" He nodded. "I'm just eating a banana. Nothing wrong with that," I explained innocently, kneeling in front of him. "Who could object to me eating a banana?"

"I...I guess that's alright..."

I licked my lips and smiled. It was a poor substitute for the real thing, I had to admit, but the look on his face as I tucked back my hair and lowered my face, engulfing the fruit between my lips, that was real. That look of astonishment, of amazed disbelief, of happy wonder that someone was pampering his cock this way, that was what I loved most about giving a blowjob, even more than the feeling of power, more than the contentment of a job well done when he came inside my tight, little mouth. 

His hand trembled as he tried to hold the fruit still. I rested one hand on his thigh, my fingers inching almost imperceptibly with each bob of my head closer and closer to the rigid shaft imprisoned in his pants, my fingernails grazing against the sensitive skin of his loins. With my other, I held his hand in mine, steadying his grip. 

If I closed my eyes, I could almost pretend I had a real, live cock to play with. I took as much as I could into my mouth, savoring that full sensation, the knowledge of being a good little cumslut, the feeling of deep throating his entire long, thick shaft. His body trembled. My pussy was sopping wet, juices dripping. 

I needed to feel the real thing. My body craved cock. I had hoped I could deceive myself, satiate my hunger with some play-acting, but it wasn't working.

I wouldn't hurt to just...touch him, would it? Just a quick graze... This pale, soft, weak imitation between my lips just wasn't good enough. I had to feel a man's tool, feel its warmth, feel its pulse, feel its powerful shaking as it surrendered its orgasm...

I slid my hands forward until his manhood was underneath my palm. I sighed deeply through my nose as Chris gasped. He was big. He was big and hard and firm and hot. I squeezed gently and opened my eyes, gazing into his. "Lisa..." he choked out. "You should move your hand..."

"Like this?" I whispered, sliding my hand slowly back and forth along his shaft. That glorious feeling of the real thing filled my hand and my mind. It was perfection...

"No, I mean you...shit... Shit, shit, shit... Fuck," he grunted, as his whole body convulsed and his cock spasmed in my grip. He tilted his head back and gritted his teeth. I watched silently in wonder as a large, wet spot grew at the tip of his twitching cock as Chris panted heavily, his hands gripping the chair's cushion. I rubbed my finger against it to be sure. It was sticky and warm and just a bit slippery. It was cum.

"Oh my god, dude!" I exclaimed, putting my hand up to my mouth, trying and failing to stifle a laugh. "I didn't mean to make you...um...wow." Just watching me blow a banana had been enough to make him blow his load... Fuck, that was flattering. What a shame that he had jizzed in his pants instead of in my mouth. All that wasted cum, unappreciated, untasted, unswallowed... I stuck my fingertip into my mouth and savored his salty flavor, his own, personal dessert he had made just for me... But it was nothing more than a soupçon. I ached for more. Chris was still looking down at his own chest. His face was pink. His eyes were clenched. A single tear escaped from one eye. "Are you okay?" I asked.

"God, this is humiliating," he murmured. "I'm so sorry, Lisa. You should go..." 

I hugged his waist. "Chris! It's my fault. Really, I'm sorry! I was the one who...you know... I didn't think you would go off... But that was one hell of a hair trigger. Isn't Rebecca...taking care of this?" I asked, gesturing towards his stain. 

He sighed bitterly. "Not really... She just doesn't seem to be interested... I know she can feel it when we're making out, but she doesn't make any sort of move, and if I put her hand on it she'll move it away after a bit. I don't know if she's shy or what, but it's giving me major blue balls."

"I can, uh, see that... Have you talked to her about it? You two sound like a really great couple. It'd suck to let something like this ruin things."

"I guess I just don't really know how to bring it up. I don't want her to feel like I'm accusing her of being a bad girlfriend. And I don't want to pressure her if she's not up for it. She's perfect in every other way. Just not in the bedroom... It's driving me crazy. I keep fantasizing about just going down to a massage parlor and getting a happy ending for my sanity's sake."

"So you've gone all semester without her getting you off? That really sucks, dude. And hey, I really am sorry about...this..."

"It's fine. Just really, really embarrassing. Let's keep this between us."

"Of course! And you know, accidents happen. I once had a guy bust a nut right as he was putting the condom on. It doesn't bother me. We laughed about it, we waiting until he could get it up again, and we fucked. Honestly, I think it's flattering... It's kind of a turn-on. 

"So, uh, what were you thinking about? When that happened?"

He laughed. "Isn't it obvious?"

"Rebecca sucking your dick?" I asked.

"No..."

"Hm...that porn star sucking your dick?"

"N-no..."

I raised an eyebrow and grinned. "Me sucking your dick..?" He was deafeningly silent. Another bad idea came into my head. Should I really propose what I was contemplating? He was my friend. 

But we both needed it. It was win-win. Wasn't it better that he use me than a random happy ending masseuse? "So, uh...I missed your birthday last week. How about I give you a special...present? Our little secret? No more blue balls for you."

"I can't, Lisa. Rebecca..."

I unzipped his jeans and reached in. The entrancing aroma of arousal and semen poured out. His moist, sticky manhood was still dormant, deflated and flaccid. "Rebecca's not here, and she's not doing her job. If she's not going to do it, she can't complain when someone else does. Besides, you and me are friends, right? Just think of it as one friend helping out another friend. Like when I baked you those cookies you loved so much. This is just a...favor between friends," I explained. "A friendly blowjob." I pulled out and studied the small, vulnerable member in my hand. Even now, in the depths of his refractory period, it was still impressive: thick and heavy. A brown circumcision scar wrapped around its shaft. His head was a soft pink. He looked delicious.

"I don't think that's a good idea," he replied without conviction.

"Why not? I know you'll enjoy it. It's just like a backrub. But lower down, and with my mouth. If you change your mind, just say so and I'll stop. What do you say?"

His chest rose and fell as he debated himself. I wish I could hear what he was thinking. Would he say yes? Would he say no? Would he tell Rebecca? His eyes looked scared. I extended my tongue and caressed the head of his cock for a bit of extra encouragement. He shuddered. 

"Sure," he gasped.
