 What a mind blower! Went to my 35th class reunion. Saw a lot of friends I hadn't seen in a long time. Including one lady I drooled over in high school. Her name is Jody. To me she was one of the hottest girls in high school. The full package brains killer looks and body.

She's about 5' 5" just a couple inches shorter than I. Her auburn hair fell to her waist with deep piercing blue eyes. Her face had sensual full lips, small pert nose just a few freckles across it. When we were in school I would guess she was about a c-cup. Today I am guessing they are D cup or DD cup. She may be a little heavier today then she was in high school. Guessing I say she weighs about 140. But in my book she's just as hot today as she was back then. 

The first day of our class reunion, was a structured day you had to sit by the same people you sit by in homeroom. So I wasn't even at the same table with her. I made small talk to the people I was sitting with. While I still kept my eyes on her. Couple of times I swear she saw me looking at her. She even smiled at me once, I think. At the end of the night little groups gathered. You know the same clicks that ran around in high school. I really didn't have a click. I was sort of a loner but I did sort of fit in with several groups. 

I really wanted to talk to her but as usual I'm a chicken shit. I was talking with a buddy when I noticed her leaving. My heart sunk a voice in my head saying go after her you dumb ass. But I did not. I talked a few minutes longer then decided to leave. 

As I leaving she was standing outside talking to another woman. As I pass by she says "Hi Dick have you got a minute."

I'm completely shocked she even remembered my name.

"Sure I said."

She finished talking to the other lady.

Jody came over and asked, "How have you been?"

"Doing good." I said "Nothing to brag about though."

"I'm glad to hear that." She says, "Are you married?"

"I was but I lost my wife to a heart attack 3 years ago."

"Oh My! I am terribly sorry to hear that."

Then she hugs me. I can feel her huge breast on my chest.

"It's okay I'm learning to deal with it. It just gets mighty lonely sometimes. How about you? Are you married?"

"I was but divorced about 10 years ago. Do you have any kids?" She asks.

"I have one son."

"How about you?"

"I have one girl, maybe we should get them together?" Then she lets out a laugh. 

Then out of the blue she tells me

"I liked you in high school."

That just blew me away. 

I looked at her and say

"That's funny because I had the biggest crush on you. I just always thought you are way too good for me."

"That's crazy! But you were already dating the woman you married I'm guessing."

"Yes but I always day dreamed about what it would be like to be with you."

She smiles and says, "I wondered the same thing."

We chatted for a few minute more. "It's getting late" I say. "You be here tomorrow? I'd love to sit and talk with you a great deal more." 

"I'd really like that too." She says, "I'll see you tomorrow."

"Sounds great to me."

My mind is buzzing on the way home with all kinds of thoughts. I can't believe she had a thing for me in high school. Tomorrow I'm going to beg her to go out with me. I can barely sleep that night. The next day drags on for what seems an eternity. Finally it's time to get ready to go. Wanting to impress her, so I wear a dress shirt and pants. Something I never wear. 

I arrived kind of early. There's not that many people here yet. People start to arrive. About an hour later she still hasn't showed up. I think to myself she's not coming. I'm ready to leave when she walked in the door. Her hair is pulled back into a ponytail. She has little or no makeup on. She has on our class reunion sweatshirt and blue jeans. Suddenly I feel overdressed. She waves at me and comes towards me.

"My don't you look nice. I've never seen you dress like this before. Did you do that for me?"

"Well yes." I respond.

"I feel bad that I didn't dress up for you. But this is supposed to be casual night."

I look at her and say, "You look beautiful to me."

I think she blushed a little bit. The rest of the night we socialize together. Ate supper and even have a dance together.

At the end of the night she says, "I had a great time."

"Me too! I'd kind of like to ask you something."

"Ask anything you like."

"Would you maybe like to go out sometime?" Looks at me smiles says,

"I'd like that a lot."

I find a piece of paper and a pen then she gives me her phone number. 

"I'll call you." I tell her.

"You better!" She says. She hugs me and gives me a light kiss. "I hope to hear from you soon."

I can barely get out "Me too." I'm walking on air.

The next evening I call her. "Hello."

"Hi Jody this is Dick."

"Hi how are you today?"

"I'm great!" I tell her. "I was wondering what you were doing Friday night."

"I'm guessing going out with you." She answers with a slight laugh afterwards.

"I was hoping you say that" We talk for another 10 or 15 minutes. I get her address. "I'll pick you up around seven."

"Sounds great to me. I'll dress a little nicer this next time for you." She says.

"Me too." I say

Finally Friday comes around. I even go out and buy new clothes and get a haircut. I shower and shave and put on some after-shave (something I never wear.). 

I'm going a little crazy driving to her place. I arrived right at 7. I knock on the door. She opens it. She's beautiful! She had her hair done has some makeup on just not too much. Wearing a blue form fitting dress. My jaw almost hits the floor. 

"You better put your tongue back in or you might step on it." she laughs.

"I'm sorry I can't help it you're absolutely beautiful."

"Flatterer" she says. "You don't have to quit anytime soon."

"I guess we're ready to go." I tell her. 

We go to a quiet little restaurant that I'm familiar with. They ask if we wish a booth or table. I tell them a booth in a quite spot so we can talk if possible. The waiter seats us in a corner away from most people in a quiet secluded part of the restaurant.

"This is a nice place."

"I'm glad you like it."

We eat dinner and have a small talk all night. We have a couple of drinks. I know I'm getting pretty loose. She must be too. Because she's making sexual innuendoes out of most things I say. Sometimes embarrassing the hell out of me. We have a couple more drinks. As we get looser she moves closer. Before I know it she is sitting right next to me. I can't help staring into her eyes. She is the most beautiful woman I have been with almost in my whole life. With out warning she leans in and kisses me. Her warm full lips pressing against mine. At the same time placing her hand on my thigh just above my knee. 

"Wow." I mumble

"Yes that's was nice" 

She kisses me several more times. I place my arm around her. She slides in pressing her body into mine. In no time my cock is hard as a rock. It is bound up in my shorts and hurts like hell. I try to move my ass a round to free it. 

Jody looks at me saying. "Am I making you uncomfortable?"

I feel my face go flush. "It's just..." I try to move to a more comfortable position.

Jody smiles then slips her hand up my leg and rubs my swollen cock through my pants. I have a wrenching smile on my face. "Maybe I should go to the men's room."

"Here let me take care of that problem." She unbuttons, then unzips my pants slides her hand inside my briefs grabs my cock freeing it from its bind. She pulls her hand out zips and buttons my pants. 

"I'm sure that's better." She says.

All I can do I look at her grinning like a teenager. 

"I must say. I can tell why Dianna and you were married for 38 years." Again smiling at me. Then leaning in kisses me this time sliding her tongue between my lips. I let our tongues mingle. My cock is so hard it could drill steel. We have a couple more drinks.

When we get ready to go, I'm pretty hammered. "Are you OK to drive?"

"Probably not, I'm not a drinker."

"That's right you were a pot smoker in high school. If I remember rightly you got in trouble for it once."

"That was two years after high school."

"Yeah but I remember seeing your name in the paper."

"Yeah I spent about a year in jail for that one. Didn't stop me though I still love to smoke. Does that bother you?"

"That was one of the things that turn me on about you. You didn't care, you did what you wanted to do."

"Maybe so but I cost me some time."

"Maybe I should drive? I'm in better shape than you."

"You can say that again!" Looking her up and down.

"Sounds good to me." She laughs.

We get back to her place. She tells me. "You better come in for a while you're in no condition to be driving."

"Okay." I agree. We go inside, her house it's a beautiful place. "You have a wonderful home."

"Have a seat on the couch I'm going to change." 

She comes back in wearing a robe. "I hope you don't mind I had to get those clothes off."

"You'll get no objections from me. I've been undressing you with my eyes all night." I laugh. She smiled and laughs.

"You are pretty drunk aren't you?"

"Yeah but I feel good." She comes over and sits beside me. I'm looking at her beautiful face when she leans in and kisses me. The kiss catches me off guard and her tongue too. I accept it and start sucking on it. She pulls her tongue back mine follow hers into her mouth. She sucks on my tongue. She breaks the kiss.

"Why don't you get more comfortable?" She starts to unbutton my shirt. I slide my shirt off, then she begins undoing my pants. By now my cock is rock hard. "Take these pants off you look uncomfortable to me."

She's eyeing my crotch seeing the bulge of my cock inside. I raise my ass up and she slides my pants down. I slip my arm around her pull her to me and kiss her. I take my left hand and start squeezing her tit through her robe. It feels so great I'm lost I a dream world. The alcohol has my mind in a blur. Her huge breast is soft like a water balloon except I can feel her hard nipple poking against her robe. Her right hand is rubbing my cock through my briefs. I slipped my hand inside her robe. She's has no bra on. I squeeze and rub her breast finding her nipple. I squeeze and pull on it she moans. Her hand slips inside of my briefs. Begins to rub my rock hard cock.

She breaks the kiss and says, "You're a much bigger than I thought." Smiling says "I like that." I pull her robe open lean over and suck on her nipple. "God that feels great! I think we need to find a more comfortable place." She takes my hand from her breast in her hand and stands up, leading me to the hallway.

We go down the hallway to her bedroom. Then leads me over to her bed and pushes me backwards onto it. She slides her robe off and it falls to the floor. She is standing there only in a black pair of lacy underwear, Nylon stocking and garter belt.

The sheer sight of her makes my cock jerk, gets harder if that's possible, standing straight up.

She laughs and says, "I see you approve."

"Oh fuck yes!"

She leans over puts her hands on either side of my chest. Them bends over and kisses me. I take both hands and start massaging her breasts. 

She stands back up. Grabs the band of my briefs, I raise my ass and she slides them off. She then slips her own panties off. Her pussy is covered with dark curly hair trimmed short. She leans forward again takes my shaft in one hand my balls in the other. She begins to slowly stroke me. She seems mesmerized by it length and girth. 

"I don't think I have ever had one this big before." Grinning then kisses the head.

"Not fair!" I tell her "I can't play." I'm like a drunken teenager on his first date. Loving every moment she touches me praying it not a dream. 

"I'm in control here. I'll let you play when I'm ready. It's my time, I'm going to have my fun."

Then she bends down and kisses the head of my dick then takes it in her mouth.

I nearly cum that very instant. Watching her suck my dick is one of the most erotic things I've ever seen. I'm completely mesmerized by her. Running her tongue around the head of my dick and sucking on it was driving me over the edge.

"FUCK!" I scream. "I'm gonna cum."

With one hand on my dick, the other on my balls. She squeezes hard. It hurts like hell but it stopped me from cumming.

"That's a good boy." She says. "Not till I want you too." She sucks on my cock a little while longer. Then I can't help it I shoot my wad in her mouth. She sucks the last bit of cum out of me making me shiver. She then crawls up on to the bed face to face with me. Kisses me sliding her tongue in my mouth and spits most of my load into my mouth. She pulls back taking my cock and balls in hand again and says.

"Do you like the taste your own cum?" 

Then she pushes the rest of my load into my mouth. I thought I was going to puke. But her tongue in my mouth and her tits on my chest overpowered it. With cum in my mouth I couldn't speak. I didn't know what to do so I just shook my head yes. 

"If you like it swallow it."

I started to shake my head no and she squeezes my balls hard.

"Swallow it!" She demands. I do as I'm told. It really wasn't that bad.

"Good boy, but never cum again until I let you." she says and then kiss me again. 

I cannot believe I did not go soft after I blew my wad into her mouth. But I was still hard as a rock.

"Feels like we're ready for another round already."

Stroking my cock as she says it. She straddles my hips and raises up a little bit, reach down between us. Taking my cock in her hand. Placing my cock against her slit I can feel it slickness and warmth. I feel her pussy lip separate on my cock head and start to push up.

"No!" She says and raises her ass up.

"I'm in control here you lay still."

I do as I'm told. She repositions herself. Then starts to rub my cock on her clit. Then up and down her slit. She leans forward a little bit. 

She tells me to, "Suck my nipples."

I'm so turned on I gladly devoured them both. Sucking hard on one. Then sucking and nibbling on the other one.

"Mmmmm Good boy! Very good Boy!"

Then I feel her push the head of my cock into her cunt.

"Fuck yes!"

I groan and agreed because she is really tight. Her entrance is like trying to stick my cock in a hole half its size. Thank god she is so soaking wet with her juices or it would hurt like hell.

"So you like my pussy, Huh?"

"Oh hell yes!"

Is all I can say. Then go back to sucking her tits. She is slowly working my cock deeper and deeper into her. I'm in ecstasy. She gets in almost all the way in and I feel the back of her uterus. She grunts, as my cock hit's the back wall. 

"Oh! You are longer than I thought."

I feel the head of my cock pushing hard against the back wall of her uterus. She pushes hard then I feel her ass rest on my hips. She has me all the way in her.

"I knew I could get all." Then begins to gyrate her ass. Then she raises up almost till the head comes out. Then slams down hard crying out

"OH FUCK ME!"

I also grunt because she crushed my balls. But God I'm in heaven. 

Then she sits up taking her tits away from me. She begins to grind her pussy on my cock. The sensation is unbelievable. I can't believe it but I'm getting ready to cum. I tell her

"I'm going to cum."

She grinds harder and faster. Almost instantly I blow my wad into her. Feeling my load shoot into her. Pushes her over the edge too. I can feel her pussy squeezing and milking my cock. Still sitting on me, my cock buried deep in her pussy. Her pussy is contracting with orgasms. She looks at me gasping for air from her orgasms. Leaning

forward she kisses me deeply.

Then says, "Good Boy,I have not had an orgasm like that in years."

"My god that was a great." I tell her. She starts to raise up to pull me out. I cry like a two-year-old "Nooooo! I love the feel of my cock in you."

"I do too." She says "But I need a drink."

As the head of my cock slips out of her pussy I shiver. God I want to fuck her again so badly. But she rolls off of me and crawls to the edge of the bed. As she does I get a fabulous view of her ass also to see my cum dripping from her cunt running down her leg.

"My god what a load." She says.

"I've been saving it for about 4 years."

She laughs then reaches down picking up her panties to clean her dripping pussy.

"I'll be right back."

I watched her beautiful asses she walks out the door.

She comes back into the room and I sit up. She hands me a drink. I moved to the edge of the bed and put my drink on the nightstand. I can't help but stare at her beautiful face and magnificent body.

"My god I wanna do that again." I tell her.

"I would too, but I'm already very sore. It's been a long time and I'm definitely not used to having something as big as you have in me. I love it but it will have to be another day."

I'm disappointed but my heart leaps with joy. Just knowing she wants to see me again. She picks up and puts on her robe. Reluctantly I get dressed. We go to the living room.

We kiss then she says. "Next time we can start earlier or maybe you can spend the night."

I look her in the eyes and say "I would spend the rest of my life with you."

She smiles at me and says, "That's a thought I'd like." 

"You better go. Call me tomorrow." I act like I'm going to cry and she giggles.

"I promise next time will be far more entertaining." 

Puzzled I look at her thinking I don't see how it could be any better than tonight. We kiss and I pulled her tightly to me. Running my hands over her ass and feeling her breasts against my chest one more time.

I look at her and say "Goodnight my goddess of love." She smiles and says 

"Goodnight to you too my new love toy." I kiss her one more time and reluctantly I leave. 

Part 2 coming soon.