 It's always nice to wake up in the morning and hear good news. On this day the good news was that all of my classes for the day would be cancelled due to inclement weather. With a smile on my face, I turned off my alarm clock, and got back under my blanket to go back to sleep. No sooner was I drifting away back into dreamland, than my phone was ringing.

"Hello" I answered in a grumpy and half asleep tone, wondering who was calling me and why this early in the morning.

The voice on the other end exclaimed "Hey baby, did you hear no classes today "Yes I heard there was no class today, and I was just about to go back to sleep."

"Are you under your blanket?" she asked.

"Yes" I replied. 

"But baby, I was hoping you would come over and cuddle with me in this cold weather," she said.

"Can I come over later when I wake up?" I asked. 

"But I want you to come cuddle with me now," she persisted. 

I knew that I would be back in bed more quickly if I went to see Emily than if I were to argue with her that I was tired and cranky, and wanted to just go back to sleep. Thus, I relented, and in as cheerful a voice as I could muster up I said, "Ok sweetie I'll be right over."

"Great!" she exclaimed. "I'll put up a pot of coffee for us," she added.

I bundled up and made it to Emmy's in about 30 minutes. When I got there she was wearing a cute tank top and pajama pants. I guess that this is the point where I should give a brief physical description of Emmy. First of all she is the sweetest, cutest, and also sexiest person that I have ever met. After that, she is a short blonde with beautiful long hair, and has a chest, and an ass that just beg to be fondled. When Emmy wears a tank top it does not really do much to hold up her chest. I love to see her in a tank top. She greeted me with a great big hug and then handed me a cup of coffee. We sat down on her bed, and watched the snowfall outside her window. She told me how glad she was that I came over, and we talked about how happy we were to have classes cancelled today.

When I finished my coffee, she took the mug from me and set it down on the counter. As she was returning to the bed she had a disapproving look on her face for me. "You don't really think that you are going to cuddle me with all of those clothes on do you?" she said in a serious tone. "No, I guess not" I replied as pulled off my sweatshirt and jeans. She smiled with great approval when I was only wearing my tee shirt and boxers. She lifted up the blanket and invited me in to hold her. I lay behind her so that her ass was nestled against my crotch and her back against my chest. She took my left arm to rest her head, and I wrapped my right arm around her tummy.

I ran the tips of my fingers gently over her tummy. She giggled and felt chills from my touch. "Baby, I'm sorry but could I trouble you for a back massage, please?" she asked. "Of course baby, just take off your shirt for me" I replied. She removed the tank top and rolled over onto her tummy and asked me to make it really good for her. I began the massage by rubbing her neck. I firmly, yet gently rubbed her neck with my fingers. A soft moan of satisfaction escaped her lips. My fingers slowly worked their way down from her neck to her shoulders. I could feel her body becoming more and more relaxed as I massaged her body. I ran my fingertips down the back of her arms down to her elbows and then back up to her shoulders. I felt every inch of her body becoming increasingly sensitive to my touch.

My fingers began to move down her back. I Started at her shoulder blades, and then massaging her back down along her spine. I rubbed her back softly, yet firmly down to her ass. When my fingers reached her bottom, I ran my fingertips up and down her sides. Again I felt the chills flowing through her body. I leaned over her and planted a soft kiss at the center of her neck. My kisses touched her body as follows, my lips touched her skin with my mouth open, then my tongue gently touched a spot on her body and then I closed my lips. In this fashion, I kissed my way down her neck to her right shoulder, and then I planted my lips on her left shoulder and kissed my way softly back to her neck. I ran my fingers up and down her sides as I kissed my way down her spine. When I reached the spot on her back where her spine meets her tailbone I kissed her there several times. With each kiss I felt her trying to buck her hips beneath me. She loves being kissed in that spot.

I slid off her pants and then I began to lay kisses along her ass and my hands began to massage her inner thighs. I opened her thighs as I massaged her. I kissed my way down from her ass to her thighs. I held her thighs open as I kissed a trail down along her right thigh, and then moved my lips over to her left thigh. I teased her thighs with my fingertips as my lips approached her pussy. I started to massage her pussy, placing my hand over her panties and gently rubbing. Her panties were so wet. I had to get her out of them. I slid her panties over her ass and down her legs. I teased her thighs some more with my fingertips and kissed my way to her pussy.

Just as my mouth was close enough to her pussy that she could feel my breath on her lips, I took hold of her hips and rolled her onto her back. I lifted her legs over my shoulders, and leaned in to kiss her pussy. I kissed her lips softly as if I were kissing her mouth. My lips closed over hers and I parted her lips with my tongue. I softly sucked and tugged on her lips with my teeth. Her hips thrust upward uncontrollably toward my mouth. I held her down and thrust my tongue into her pussy. I pressed as deep as I could inside her with my tongue and flicked it up and down inside her. I inserted a finger inside her pussy and flicked my tongue over her lips.

My tongue licked its way upward toward her clit, as I inserted a second finger inside her pussy. I felt her pussy squeezing my fingers as I moved them in and out of her pussy. Emily shrieked in pleasure as I circled her clit with my tongue. Her legs tightened around my neck and I felt her entire body becoming tense. She was so close to her climax but she was resisting it. I lifted my mouth from her clit and said "I'll put it inside you if you cum." That was all she needed to hear, as immediately after I said that she screamed again, and I felt her orgasm gushing over my fingers.

When her orgasm began to wane she stammered "Please, please put it in me now, I need it so bad." She was rubbing her clit as I placed my long hard cock between her lips. I rubbed the head between her lips to get some natural lube on my cock, knowing how tight she is. She cooed as she felt the head poking between her lips. I slowly and gently pressed the head into her tight wet pussy. She let out a load moan, and cried "Yes, yes, please put it all the way in." Inch by agonizing inch, I gave her more and more of my cock until it was all the way inside her. She wrapped her legs around my hips, as I began with a slow rhythm, of rocking my hips pushing my cock inside and pulling out of her. I plunged my cock as deep as I could inside of her to the point that my balls were touching her lips. Then I pulled my cock back up until the head, and then pushed back inside of her. Her pussy squeezed my cock tightly, nearly pushing me out of her, but I pushed harder and stronger inside of her forcing her pussy to take my cock. She was moaning and loving every moment that I was inside her.

I lowered myself down over her and began to kiss and nibble on her neck and shoulder. She ran her finger nails down my chest and pinched my nipples knowing how much that would turn me on. I started to rock my hips faster, and faster, and I plunged into her harder and harder. My cock was beginning to twitch inside of her and about to explode. Her tight wet pussy felt so good squeezing my cock. I looked deeply into her eyes with a wide smile on my face in the moment right before my cock began to fill her with my cum. Just as the last drops of cum were dripping out of my cock Emmy pushed me down onto the bed and covered my cock with her mouth. My body shivered in pleasure as I felt her tongue licking the last drops of cum from the tip of my head.

My cock stayed hard as she rolled her tongue up and down my cock licking the taste of both of us off of me. She looked up at me and smiled while moving her hand up and down my still erect cock. When she had licked me dry she nestled her head between my neck and shoulder. I wrapped my arm around her and held her tightly as we delighted in the afterglow of great sex.