 As the red hull of the canoe moved smoothly through a slight chop on the lake, Danny dipped his paddle and pulled strongly toward the far side. It was a near-perfect day on the lake; sunny, a light breeze and the smell of summer in the air.

In the stern, Danny had his sites set on the far side of the lake, a spot he knew would hold some voracious trout. This lake, his lake, as he liked to call it, was nearly perfect, long, fairly narrow, sided by steep hills that kept the winds at bay. It had deep areas for fishing and grassy, shallow bays that were always warm and perfect for swimming.

In the bow, Sheila lounged with a couple of lifejackets behind her for padding, her long legs draped over the front seat toward him. Her tanned arms rested along the gunwales and the sun shone sharply off the mirrored Oakleys that covered her eyes. An osprey screeched overhead as Danny, on his knees paddling, kept up an even, constant paddling rhythm.

"This is a nice little lake," said Sheila. "Not exactly my beach, but it's nice."

Here we go, thought Danny, the beach again. Sheila did go on about "her" beach; the one she hung out at, surfed at, drank beer at, barbecued shrimp at. She went on and on about it, and he sometimes wondered why she had ever left it for Canada. On the other hand, looking at her body covered by the tiniest sky blue bikini, he was glad she had a taste for travel and had moved to Canada to work.

Still, to hear her talk sometimes, you'd think Australia was the greatest place in the whole world. And, since Danny had never been there, it was hard to argue with her. Still...

"Yeah, I like it. And there's nothing in here that can kill you, like sharks, barracuda, sea snakes." The whole time they had known each other, they had traded similar barbs; taking shots at each other's country while building up their own. It had become a bit of a mind game between them.

"I suppose that's true," she sighed, stretching like a cat in the sun. "But I do miss the beach. It's so... home, I guess."

Danny also sighed. He knew she missed home, but he sure as hell didn't want her heading back south. "I know babe, but think of this as home away from home."

Looking at Sheila through his own shades, Danny studied, once again, her fine form. At 5-foot-eight, she was just a couple of inches shorter than he was, but it seemed like a lot of her height was shapely legs that went on forever. And when those legs were wrapped around him, well... But possibly what he liked best was the way her body was sprinkled with sexy freckles. The freckles were part of a package that included long blonde hair bleached by the sun, firm, full breasts, frosty blue eyes and a very fair complexion. When they met the previous winter, Danny had found her skin to be unbelievably pale. With summer, though, and glorious sunny days, Sheila had turned into a bronzed goddess.

And Danny thought it cool that they were such a contrast. Where she was fair, he was dark; she was blonde, his hair was jet black; she was freckly, he was clear-skinned. 

Looking at her in the bow, he felt a stirring in his swimsuit, a feeling he'd enjoyed often since meeting Sheila.

"You know, in Australia," said Sheila, "you're not really considered an Aussie unless you can surf, dive, or play football."

Danny wasn't sure where she was going with that comment. He paddled along, trying to come up with a response. Then it struck him. "Well, here in Canada, you're not really considered a Canadian unless you've made love in one of these babies," he said, thumping his hand on the gunwale. "Goes way back, likely to when the first fur traders started paddling their way around the country."

"Really? In one of these? I thought these things tipped over at the drop of a hat."

"See? That's what I mean, you have to be a Canadian to paddle and enjoy a canoe and you have to be a "real" Canadian to make love in one. It's just a Canadian thing that not many other people seem to get the hang of."

"Well, that's an interesting historical note," said Sheila.

With that, their conversation lapsed into silence.

Danny continued paddling as Sheila reclined in the bow, soaking up the sun. After a time, they had crossed the lake and Danny was eyeing the shoreline for a passage into a wide bay he knew would be great for a mid-day swim. As he looked over the bow for the opening, he again eyed Sheila, whose hands were now not on the gunwales, but on her tanned thighs. As he looked at her, she sensually ran her fingers over her skin.

As she ran fingers between her legs and over the sky blue bikini bottom, Danny couldn't look away. "Know what I'm thinking about, Danny," Sheila asked, smiling at him.

"I have no idea."

"Well, I was thinking about what you said; you know, about being a real Canadian." Her hand had now stopped at her crotch and she touched herself. "And I was thinking, if you're right, I'm definitely not a Canadian yet. I'm thinking...

"Yeah?"

"I'm thinking I wouldn't want to mess with history by not taking part in your quaint historical traditions." As she said this, she smiled and began rubbing herself more firmly through the flimsy bikini material.

Danny stopped paddling. As he rested his paddle across the gunwales, Sheila moved a hand to her breasts, touching her nipples through the material. As he watched her, Danny's cock hardened to push against the black swimsuit. "You know," he said with a smile, "if you really want to try one of our greatest traditions, I wouldn't mind."

Sheila looked at him, noting the tent in his swimsuit. "We'll see. But I really think you should keep paddling. You promised me a tour of the lake, after all."

A little disappointed, Danny picked up his paddle once again, dipped the blade in the water, and pulled, hard. A few more strokes and they were moving swiftly through the now-calm water. 

"That's a good boy," said Sheila. As Danny looked at her, she pushed her top over her breasts, exposing them to the sun and Danny's hungry eyes. Now as he paddled and watched her, she touched her nipples again, then took one in each hand and squeezed them. As she did, Danny stopped paddling once again. "Keep paddling, Danny, that's a good boy."

Now getting into the spirit of things, Danny slowly continued paddling as he watched her. Sheila fondled herself, looking at the growing tent in the front of his swimsuit. She then sat up, reached behind and undid her top. Bare to the sun, a spray of freckles across her breasts, she stared pointedly at Danny's crotch. "Hmm, what's bigger, I wonder, Danny's paddle, or Danny himself?"

Danny had to laugh. "You'll have to see for yourself, babe."

"Yes. Yes, I guess I will." Sheila moved to her knees, then undid the string on one hip. Her bikini bottom fell away, revealing her patch of blonde hair and the snow-white skin beneath. As Danny paddled, she crawled over the centre thwart, to kneel in front of him. 

She watched Danny paddle for a few strokes. "Well, I see now that Danny has a big paddle, I guess I better see how big Danny is." She moved closer and Danny stopped paddling, anticipating her touch. "Keep paddling Danny." 

He began paddling again, and Sheila ducked his arms and reached for the elastic waistband of his swimsuit. Reaching inside, she gripped him firmly. "Well, I don't know about the paddle, but I really like Danny's equipment." As she stroked him, she looked up at him, smiling. She gripped him tightly and hung on for a few seconds. "You know, when you paddle, I can feel you flex a little. I like that."

With that, Danny dug in his paddle deeply and pulled, and flexed his cock in her hand. As he paddled now, Sheila matched his stroking with her hand - as Danny pulled, she stroked. After a few moments of this, Danny began pumping into her hand as Sheila felt herself becoming increasingly wet. Grabbing the waistband of his swimsuit, Sheila pulled it down his legs, so it was around his knees as he paddled.

On all fours, it was Sheila's turn to study him. Danny's nine inches were the most she'd ever enjoyed. He was thick, veined and uncut. She reached to push back his foreskin and let the sun beat down on his manhood. Ramrod-straight, his peehole peeked back at her. Sheila laughed, "what a happy fellow he is." She then moved to take his head in her mouth and suck.

Now Danny had to stop paddling. He looked down at Sheila's lips wrapped around him, the sun shining on her back, the curve of her ass as she knelt in front of him. "Can I stop now," he whispered. 

"Mmm hmm," she mumbled around his cock. As she sucked him, Danny looked around the lake. There wasn't a craft or anybody in sight. Damn, he thought, this is un-fucking believable. Putting a hand on each gunwale, he began pumping into Sheila's mouth. She held still as he fucked her mouth, opening deeply to let him enter, then squeezing with the back of her throat, pressing with her lips as he eased in and out of her.

With the canoe now gently rocking, Sheila pulled away from Danny. She rose up and put her arms around his neck, to kiss him deeply. Danny kissed her back, enjoying the warmth of her body against him. She pulled away, a little breathless. "Am I becoming more Canadian now?"

"Oh yeah, babe," Danny laughed. "But we have to go all the way if you want to be an all-Canadian."

They kissed again, then Sheila pushed away from him. "Well," she said, "I do so want to be an all-Canadian."

Danny laughed again, barely believing his good fortune in enjoying such and incredible woman in the midst of his favourite lake. "Then turn around babe."

As Sheila turned to face the bow of the canoe, Danny stood in the stern and pulled his swimsuit all the way off. As he knelt behind Sheila, she grabbed a lifejacket and laid it over the centre thwart. Resting her belly on it, breasts hanging, she took a gunwale in each hand, presenting a very fine ass to Danny.

Danny moved to her, placed his hands on her cheeks, then probed her wet lips with the head of his cock. As Sheila moaned, Danny pushed deeply into her body. Inside her full length, he again looked around the lake. Now, he kind of wished someone was around, to witness the spectacle.

From in front of him, Sheila was getting impatient. "C'mon Danny. Fuck me. Fuck me, Danny."

"Yes ma'am. Hold on. Don't want to tip over." They both held onto the gunwales as Danny began fucking her. In the middle of the lake, with the sun beating down on them, Danny eased in and out of Sheila's very wet pussy. He went deeply into her, pushing his balls against her ass, and she moved to meet his thrusts. Danny's thick cock stretched her wonderfully, and, try as she might to look around the lake herself, she closed her eyes in rapture as Danny fucked her. 

Danny looked down as he fucked her, watching himself plunge in and out of her body, more quickly now as he felt himself nearing an orgasm. As he plunged into her, Sheila began moaning loudly, a sound which echoed back from a hill to their west. Fucking harder now, the canoe began rocking and they both had to balance to avoid tipping.

Now completely caught up in their fucking, Danny plunged deep as Sheila bucked against his meat, feeling his balls slap against her. Over and over. Over and over. Sweat ran down Danny's back and, as he looked down to watch himself ply Sheila's pussy, sweat dripped onto her bum from his face. 

Fucking madly now, with the canoe rocking in rhythm, Sheila could feel herself approaching bliss. "Fuck, Danny. Fuck. Fuck me. Fuck me." Her words echoed back and they both laughed, which also echoed back to them. 

Finally, with Sheila's wet pussy enveloping him and issuing sloppy fuck sounds, they both neared orgasm. Danny now pulled to where his head was between Sheila's lips, then pushed deep into her as she bucked against him. As both moaned, Danny pushed deeply into Sheila and, with one last thrust, he blasted his load into her as ripples of ecstasy flowed through Sheila's body. She clenched Danny tightly with her pussy and he grabbed her ass to push as deeply into her as possible. Flexing his cock inside her as she squeezed him, he let out a loud Tarzan yell, which echoed back to them in the middle of the bay.

Still deeply in her, their juices mixing and running down their legs, both laughed and looked around the lake. Nobody was around. 

"Now," said Danny, grinning hugely as he flexed his cock inside her, "you are officially an all-Canadian woman. And damn, what a woman you are."