 I met Michelle during my third year of college. She was in several of my Psychology classes and it wasn't long before we started talking and began to develop a friendship. The fact that I was in my mid 30's and looked like a Hells Angel didn't seem to bother her, and I've always had a weak spot for petite blondes with big smiles and cute butts. 

Just before spring break we had a big test in one of our Psychology classes. Neither of us was doing very well in the class and we spent most of the week before in the Library studying for what promised to be a killer test. On the Thursday night before the test as we were leaving the library Michelle suggested that we have dinner the next night as a celebration of the test. That sounded good to me. I asked what she would like for dinner and she said she would take care of it, as long as she could cook it at my house. I was fine with that and looked forward to a nice dinner.

We both breezed through the test and after class Michelle was waiting for me. We headed out to my place, her following my bike in her car. Part of me (a small part) fantasized about what it would be like to make love to her, but the logical part of my mind said forget it. Young College girls don't sleep with grizzled bikers.

We got to the house and I showed her to the kitchen. After asking where the things she needed were located she turned around and told me to leave her to the cooking. I started to walk past her when she put her arms around my neck and kissed me. I have never been kissed like that. Her lips were very light and her tongue just brushed my lips and then was gone. She looked in my eyes and smiled. "I've been wanting to do that for a long time, ever since I had a dream about you." "What kind of dream?" "A very erotic one." She said and shoved me out of the kitchen. "Go put on some music and let me fix you dinner." I headed out of the kitchen with my mind racing and my dick looking forward to the evening.

About an a half an hour later she came out of the kitchen, "Dinner is in the oven and will be ready in about an hour, now how bout that motorcycle ride you've been promising me." I was thinking of another kind of ride myself, but an hour on the bike is always a good thing. I grabbed her a leather jacket and we headed out on my favorite bike, a 1947 Indian Chief, kick start, suicide shift and a big saddle that put the passenger right up against my back. Michelle grabbed hold and off we went. The longer we rode the closer she got and I was sure enjoying the feeling of her firm little tits against my back and her long legs opened around me as we shared the seat and the ride.

I pulled back into the driveway after 45 minutes of riding. "Good timing" she said, "Dinner should be ready in a few minutes." I aim to please" "I hope so", she said, and then kissed me again, this time with more fire than the first time. Her tongue didn't just brush my lips it explored my mouth, her leg moved between mine putting her pussy over my thigh and letting her rub against my growing cock. Then suddenly she broke the kiss, "Better get dinner before it burns" she said her cheeks flushed and her voice suddenly taking on a husky out of breath tone. I watched her cute ass as she headed into the house, thinking that this was shaping up to be quite an evening.

The table was set when I walked in, and Michelle was coming out of the bathroom. Her face was still flushed, and it was apparent that the bra she was wearing when she arrived was gone, her nipples showing through her thin shirt, and standing very tall. I opened a bottle of wine while she served dinner and we sat down to eat. It didn't take long for the dream she had mentioned to come up in conversation. I asked her to tell my about it and she blushed, "It was in my dorm room, I was on my bed and you were, ah, kind of kissing me", and she blushed even deeper. "What do you mean kind of kissing you." 

"Well you were kissing me, but not on my mouth." 

"Where was I kissing you?" knowing full well the answer to that question. 

"Someplace very nice" she said with a grin and stuck her tongue out at me, "and I'm sure that you know just what I'm talking about." 

"Yes I do and it sounds pretty good to me." 

"Well ever since I that night I've had that dream several times." 

"Sounds like something you are interested in." 

Suddenly Michelle looked very serious, "Very interested" She whispered. We looked across the table at each other for a few moments.

She got up and came over to my chair and set down on my lap, straddling my legs, her arms going around my neck and her lips moving to my ear, which she began nibbling on. "Lets go to someplace a little more comfortable" she whispered. I wrapped my arms around her tiny waste and stood up lifting her off the ground. "Your wish is my command." And I headed down the hallway toward my bedroom, stopping on the way twice to kiss her and let my hands rub all over her very tight butt.

I entered the bedroom and headed straight for the bed, intending to undress Michelle and make love to her, as she had never been made love to before. She pulled her legs from around my back and stood on the floor. "I'm going to go to the bathroom for a minute and freshen up, would you put on some music and be waiting for me when I come out?" "Of course I will, do you have any requests for music?" "Jazz, something soft and sexy." She said as she disappeared into my bathroom. I put on a mixed tape that fit the mood. I never heard her come out of the bathroom. "Come over here please." I turned around and she was standing in front of me in one of my shirts, which hit her about mid-thigh. I walked over to where she was standing. She took my hand and led me a soft chair. Her arms went around my neck, pulling my lips to hers. As her tongue explored my mouth I started to put my arms around her, but she stopped me. "Just relax and let me do this" she said.

Her fingers began to undo the buttons on my shirt, slowly exposing my chest, which she kissed softly and she removed my shirt. I was as turned on as I had ever been and I wanted nothing more than to take her then and there, but I knew the longer we waited the better it was going to be. When my shirt was gone she undid my pants and slid them to the floor, her and slipping into my boxers to find my hard cock. "Umm, I guess you like this." "That's the understatement of the year." I said and she laughed. She slid my boxers off and knelt at my feet freeing them from the clothes bunched around them. She stood slowly letting me feel her body slid against mine, brushing my cock with her hair. "Sit down" she said, and gave me a slight shove into the chair.

I sat down and she moved just out of my reach and began to move her body in time to the music. As she swayed back in forth in front of me she began to undue the buttons on the shirt, letting me catch a glimpse of skin, and something lacy underneath the shirt. She turned her back to me as she undid the last button, letting me watch her ass moving in a very inviting way. As she turned back to face me she let the shirt fall away, exposing a white lace teddy that cover her, and let her be exposed at the same time. As she continued to dance I reached for my cock which was beginning to ooze pre-cum from the tip. "Not yet" she said as she stopped my hand. She backed up and somehow unsnapped the crotch of the teddy. She turned away from me again and slowly pulled the teddy up, exposing her ass, her back and shoulder and then it was over her head. She turned back to me, tossed the teddy on the floor and straddled me on the chair. "Make love to me" she said. I picked her up and laid her on the bed and began to kiss her neck while my hand reached for her rock hard nipples. "Oh, I like that" she said, as I began to kiss my way to her tits. She didn't have large breast at all, but on her body they were perfect. As I took a nipple into my mouth I felt it grow under my tongue as she arched her back pressing it up to me. "ummmm" was all she could say. I wanted to spend more time on these lovely breasts, but I had to taste her lovely pussy.

I kissed my way down her stomach, until I came to the fine covering of blonde hair, and the opening it covered. I kissed all the way around her pink pussy, licking every bit of skin I could without actually touching the treasure before me. Michelle shivered and groaned as teased her, before I finally slid my tongue into her soaking wet opening, letting my tongue open her lips tasting her nectar. Michelle had musky taste and was very wet by this time, after exploring her opening I moved up toward her clit, As I moved up I sucked and chewed on her inner and outer lips until I came to her clit. Michelle was breathing very hard and moaning as I slowly licked her clit, running my tongue back and forth over the hard little button, feeling it rise up against my tongue. 

I went from licking it to flicking it back and forth under my tongue, slowly at first, then faster and faster. I could tell she was getting close to cumming, so I moved away from her clit and plunged my tongue into her wet depths, and then went right back to her clit. Again I started flicking her little bud, listening to Michelle moan and call out as her orgasm built. "umm, ahhh, oh God that is go good, oh yea, yes yes," She cried out as her orgasm overwhelmed her, I sucked her clit into my mouth and held it there as I slid two fingers into her pussy, finding and stroking her g-spot. "ahhhh yesssssssss, I'm cumming so hard," she screamed, her hand grabbing my head and pulling it into her pussy. When her orgasm had subsided I flicked her pussy one more time and moved up next to her, wrapping my arms around her. "Oh god that was unbelievable, I didn't know I could get off that hard." 

"I told you I aim to please." 

"And how" she said with a smile. "Now I guess it's my turn to please you..."

To Be Continued...