 (For those of you who may have been following along this one is written from Michelle's point of view.)

* * * * *

Well it finally happened. I had been in class with Jake for 3 semesters and at last I got to sleep with him. And it was worth the wait. He had eaten me and screwed me like no one before. The last time I had gotten on my hands and knees and had him fuck me doggie style. He drove his cock into me and started fucking like there was no tomorrow. I came three times before he shot his load into me and we collapsed in bed, too exhausted to move.

I woke up a while later and it was dark in the room. Jake was still sleeping, so I got up quietly and went to the bathroom. My light blond pubic hair was cover in cum and pussy juice and I felt dried cum on my legs, wow what a feeling. I was ready for some more of Jake's cock, but wanted to clean up first. A shower seemed to be the thing, so I got the water going and got in. The hot water felt wonderful streaming down my body and it wasn't long before I felt a tingling in my pussy. I couldn't believe how hot I was. I started to wash my pussy, but my finger soon found its way to my clit. I started rubbing my clit, not trying to make anything last. I needed to cum and I needed to cum now. I squatted down in the shower and stuck two fingers from my other hand into my pussy while I rubbed my clit. I must have been site, legs open fingering my clit and fucking my pussy with my hand, and if Jake had walked in I would have fucked him to death. I came and it was all I could do not to scream at the top of my lungs.

After I dried off I went back to bed and there he was lying on his back, his gorgeous cock flopped against his leg. I slowly slid up next to him and gently took his manhood in my mouth. I gently began to suck on it, feeling it grow in my mouth. About the time that his cock reached full attention I felt Jake's hand on my head and I knew he was awake. "Good Morning Sleepy" I said with a grin, and slid up beside him to kiss him. "That's a nice way to wake up, but I don't think it's morning yet." "Sure it is, about 1 in the morning, but it's morning." "Well in that case maybe we had better get started on the day. Anything you want to do today?" he asked. "Actually I have something in mind." I said in my sexiest voice. "Well go for it." he said.

I turned around to face his cock and threw on leg over his head and then lowered my pussy onto his face. At the same time I took his cock in my hand and began to lick it starting at the base. Jake didn't waste a moment getting his tongue into my pussy and I groaned around his cock as he found my clit and began to lick it. I took his rigid member into my mouth and began to move up and down on it very slowly, I didn't want him to cum right away, but I wanted him to enjoy what I was doing to him. When my mouth was at the head of his cock I would lick it and tease it, and as I slid his prick into my mouth I used my tongue to press the head against the roof of my mouth, holding it tight.

I was having a hard time keeping my mind on please Jake because of the pleasure his mouth was giving me. He had my clit in his lips and was licking and sucking it like it a baby sucking on his mother's tit. His finger was sliding in and out of my cunt and once in a while he would pull his tongue away from my clit and lick the juice running out of me. He had just returned his tongue to my clit when his finger suddenly pushed against my ass. I had never had anyone touch me there, and it was electric. His finger slid around my little brown bud and then it pushed in. "Ohhhhh" I cried out around his cock. Slowly his finger began to massage my virgin anal opening, stretching it and creating sensations inside of me that I could not believe. I started moving my ass against his finger, my mouth opening and letting his hard cock fall away. A second finger joined the first and I cried out again. "Oh my God that's great." I was very close to cuming and Jake began to work twice as hard on my clit, all the while moving his fingers in and out of my ass. Another finger moved into my pussy and that pushed me over the edge. "Yesssssssssss, oh God Yessssssss." I screamed as I shoved my pussy down on his face, my ass squeezing the fingers invading it. "Ahhhhhhhhhh" was the only sound I could make.

His cock was still hard next to my face as my orgasm began to subside and looking at it I wanted it inside me, deep inside me. "Oh Jake, you need to fuck me now." I told him as I reached for his throbbing pole. I turned around to kiss him. "I want you to fuck me baby," I said to him. "I want you to fuck me in the ass." I couldn't believe the words had come out of my mouth, but there they were. "Okay, we need some K-Y." he said, and reached for the drawer on the nightstand. I saw a tube in his hand. "Turn over and get on your hands and knees" he said. I assumed the position he wanted and felt his slick fingers sliding easily into my backside. He moved them around getting me used to the feeling. He was kneeling beside me and placed the tube in my hand. "Put some on my cock." He said and I began to slide my hand up and down his hard shaft, spreading the slippery jelly. When we had each other good and slick he moved behind me and I felt his cock against my virgin ass. "Push back against my cock nice and slow." He said. "Take it as slow as you need to and if it hurts too much let me know and we can stop." I think that was the moment I realized that I loved him.

I pushed against his cock and felt my asshole spread around it. Just when I didn't think it could stretch anymore I felt the head of his cock slip past the muscles of my tight hole. "aaaahhhhh" I said as a wave of pleasure over took me. "Does that hurt?" he asked. "Just for a second it did." I replied, "but now if feels great." "Good, when your ready to take more inside just move back." I didn't have to be told twice and I slowly began to push against the cock penetrating my no longer virgin opening. I kept pushing back until I felt his pubic hair against my ass cheeks and knew I had him all the way in. Never in my life had I felt so full and so hot. My fingers found there way to my clit and I began to rub my little button. I felt Jake begin to move the hot fleshy probe in my ass, "Oh yea baby" I cried out as he started to fuck my ass. "Yea Jake, fuck my ass, fill my up, oh yea baby it's so good." I cried out. He was starting to move a little faster as I kept talking, then with no warning I began to cum. "Ahhhhhhhhhh, God yes I cumming, fuck me , oh yes fuck me baby, fuck my tight ass, uhhhhhhhhhhhh." I groaned as the pleasure over came me. "I'm cumming in your ass." He cried out and I felt his prick began to pulse and then felt hot cum deep inside of my guts. "Ahhhhh" we both cried out, as the pleasure overcame us.

I don't remember him pulling out of my ass or getting up from the bed, in fact for a few minutes I don't remember anything at all. Then all of a sudden I felt a warm wash cloth gently pressing against my ass. "Ummm" I said. And started to move. I felt Jake's hand on my shoulder, " Just lie there and let me do this for you." He said, as he continued to clean me up.

When he came back from the bathroom Jake got into bed and took me in his arms, holding me gently. "Jake, I need to tell you something," I whispered, afraid of what he was going to say when I was done. "Okay" was all he said. I paused for a second to work up the nerve. Saying what I was going to say next was harder than getting him in bed. "Jake I've had a crush on you since the first class we had together, and in the last few weeks it's gone from just a crush to something more." I paused again, "I love you Jake" (there I said it I thought) "and I don't expect you to love me to, but I want you to know how I feel. I can only hope that someday you will learn to love me also, but in the meantime I would like to be part of your life, even if it's just someone to share a bed with." Well it was out and I prepared myself for the worst. 

"Michelle I would have never dreamed that you had feelings for me before tonight. When you told me about your dream I thought maybe you were just doing something wild while you were in college and sleeping with an older guy like me was an adventure. I don't want you to just share my bed, I want you to be a part of my life". I could not believe my ears, was he saying that he had feelings for me. "I love you too Michelle." I wrapped my arms around him and fell asleep the happiest woman in the world.

I woke up with the sun shining in my face, Jake wrapped around me, his cock resting between the cheeks of my ass, and his finger gently rubbing my pussy. "ummmm." I sighed as I felt myself getting wet.

To Be Continued...