 My wife and I live in a modern downtown Manhattan tower block - tall and slim. There are six apartments on each floor. The floors are arranged in a 'U'-shape, so that on either side two apartments face each other directly, with one between them. The block is stylish, and affluent. Many of the tenants seem to be international, from all over the world. In the apartment directly opposite us are a British couple in their late forties. He is a banker with the UK office of a British investment bank; she is decorative, handsome - and bored...

As couples, we became quite friendly, and shared dinner every couple of weeks or so, alternately in each others' apartment. We met for drinks on weekends now and again.

Sally was one of those elegant English women - tall, well-groomed, excellent figure, endless legs and a perfect bottom. He was boring, which is why she was bored. As a writer, I work at home a lot; my wife works near Wall Street. John, her husband, works downtown as well, and every so often travels on business. So does my wife, although less frequently. All of this emerged fairly early on in our friendship.

It was spring in Manhattan. One Friday morning, I bumped into Sally at our local gourmet food market, and we walked back to the apartment block together. We shared the information that our respective spouses were both away on business.

'What are your plans for the weekend?", I asked her, hoping to make conversation. Pausing only for a moment, she replied - "Well, if we're both alone, I'd rather like to spend the rest of the day, and maybe tomorrow, in bed together. I could suck you off, you could fuck me hard doggy style, and maybe we could enjoy ourselves in all sorts of other ways." 

Not the answer I was expecting, but an interesting one nevertheless... I gulped.

"Sounds like an idea..."

We got back to the block, and took the elevator up to the fifteenth.

"Give me half an hour, and come across." Sally murmured.

Thirty minutes later, showered and ready, I walked down the hall and knocked gently on her door.

Sally had changed into a simple, olive-colored wrap-around dress, secured (apparently) by a loose belt. She was barefoot, and her hair was loose over her shoulders. A discreet perfume was evident.

"C'mon, lover" was all she said, and led me to her bedroom.

She turned and started undoing my shirt. After taking it off, she undid my trousers, and they dropped to the floor. That left me in a pair of briefs.

I tugged at her belt. The wrap fell away, showing that she was wearing a lacy, filmy bra and matching bikini panties.

In an elegant gesture, she sat on the bed, and swung her legs up onto the mattress. She held out her hands, and I climbed on. Her hand hit my chest, and she forced me flat on my back, as she knelt at my side, her legs apart, and an enticing gap showing between her thighs.

Reaching behind her back, she undid her bra, and dragged it over my face and chest before dropping it. Sitting up, she cupped her two lovely, pear-shaped breasts and looked at me.

I reached out between her legs with my right hand, and stroked her cunt through her panties. Her eyes lit up, and she started gyrating against my hand and pressing fingers. 

"Good move", she said.

I squeezed and pressed, squeezed and pressed, feeling heat and dampness. I slipped my hand under her panties, and inserted two fingers into her vagina. With my thumb I stroked her clit; and with another finger slowly went backwards until I found her anus. Sally was furiously pulling her nipples. 

Seeing her kneeling, sitting up straight, being masturbated between her legs, with her gorgeous breasts totally on display - was a magnificent sight.

It did not take long until her breathing deepened and deepened, and she went totally rigid. Holding that spasm for a long moment, she grunted, and then removed my hands from her intimate parts.

"You bastard," she grinned.

Her hands went to work on my cock and balls, first through my briefs (which I always particularly enjoy), and then, stripping them off, she started licking me. With surgical precision, she knew exactly where, and when, to lick, to suck, to massage and to tease.

With a series of loud exclamations, I came into her eager mouth. She carefully, and excruciatingly, sucked and licked my very sensitive cock clean.

"Washroom", she said. 

And I watched her lovely, shapely figure, with her aristocratic bearing and her perfect arse, walk across the room to the ensuite. She did not close the door, and looked at me the whole time as she pissed, washed and dried herself, and then applied lube to her arsehole...

"Can I get you a gin and tonic?" she asked.

And that was only the beginning.