 A nearly naked woman! 

There's nothing quite like it. It is so erotic to see the swell of a firm breast, the outline of a nipple encased in a lace bra or the hint of a pussy through a pair of sheer panties than having the entire package laid out immediately. I will never tire to make the journey, with all its suspense and anticipation, when the final destination is the discovery of the beautiful form of a female body!

Ever since a young age I have always enjoyed watching women undress before sex but never realised how lingerie could heighten the sensuality of such a moment until Claudia "passed" through my life. 

I was living in Australia at the time and my mother called me, from Italy, to say that Claudia was being transferred by her company for a six month stage at their Pacific Regional Office situated in Sydney. As she was told to get there as soon as possible it meant that she didn't have time to look for accommodation so my mother suggested to her mother, that Claudia could stay with me until she found her own place. 

Claudia was the daughter of a very close friend of my mother. Over the years my mother often mentioned her in idle chat, but the only recollection I had was of a little kid, some 5 years younger than me, I used to see when we had visited her family near Rome and that was more than twenty years ago. 

I was a bit put off by the fact that my mother had, a priori, offered a temporary solution to Claudia's accommodation problem, but, to keep her happy, I told her it would be all-right and to give her all my coordinates. Before ending the phone call, my mother gave me Claudia's arrival date. I didn't think, at the time, that it would be a big hassle as I was divorced; living alone and, due to my business travels, not home that much during the week days.

My initial annoyance, however, disappeared completely when Claudia showed up, two weeks later, on a sunny Sunday at my house. Although she was dressed fairly conservatively, trousers, jacket and silk blouse, she was by far the most overtly sexual woman I'd seen for a long time. She stood about 5'5, in her heels, with long wavy black hair that curled around her shoulders, the ends falling just far enough to cover her generous breasts.

"Hi Marco, I am Claudia," she said as she shook my hand.

After greeting her, I moved to the side to let her in. As she walked down the short hallway my eyes were riveted on her curvy hips that swung like a pendulum. When, on reaching the lounge room, she bent forward slightly to rest her suitcase on the floor I could see, through the stretched fabric of her trousers that she had a beautifully rounded, full and firm arse. She then turned to face me and said,

"Marco, I apologize for this inconvenience and promise to stay out of your way as much as possible until I find my own place."

I mumbled something about her being more than welcome, then showed her around my small semi-detached and pointed out the room I had arranged for her.

Claudia kept her promise, to my disappointment I must admit, and I hardly saw her in the following days. I couldn't get her shapely body out of my mind. I was constantly undressing her wondering what she would look like under those clothes.

Unless I was away, I would normally leave work early on Fridays, go home and relax a while before joining some friends down at the Watson's Bay pub for a few drinks. On this first Friday after Claudia's arrival, I was lounging around the house in a pair of shorts and a t-shirt when, around 7pm, she came in the door. She was wearing a severe black suit, her hair pulled back tightly and looking completely exhausted.

"Hey, you look as if you had a rough day!" I said.

She nodded. "Not a rough day but a rough week!"

"I knew it was not going to be easy, but I had no idea just how tough it would be." She continued as she kicked off her shoes, dropped her briefcase and collapsed onto the sofa.

"I am sure it'll get better," I told her.

"Here, let me help you relax a bit," I said as I got up and moved around behind her. I then placed my hands on her shoulders and began to massage them. She let out a small sigh and murmured "That feels so good."

Claudia rolled her head from side to side. "Marco, I hope you won't get angry with me, but I haven't had any time to look for a place of my own. I'm sorry! I promise I'll start first thing in the morning."

I told her there was no rush. The last thing I was thinking about at the moment was her moving out. Then she leaned forward, and I dropped my hands.

"Please, don't stop," she said. "I'm just taking off my jacket."

What I saw when she did, pretty much left me speechless and caused a tingling in my groin. Her bra was clearly visible through the white thin fabric of her blouse. And it wasn't just your run-of-the-mill bra. It was a white lacy push-up thing that stopped just above her nipples and made perfect swells of her full breasts.

I just about froze looking at her tits when she leaned her head back and looked at me. I knew I'd been caught and figured the least I could do was to be honest about it. "You've got beautiful breasts," I said.

She smiled and let her head fall further back. As she did, it brushed against my awaking cock causing it to harden more. We both froze, and I don't think I breathed until a wide grin spread across her face. She caught her lip between her teeth as she looked up at me, and said, "Did I do that? I could use some of it." 

I went to stand in front of the couch, and Claudia stood and told me to sit. Then she hiked up her skirt, straddled me and kissed me deeply. I ran my hands up her silk encased thighs, relishing the feeling, until I reached the ends of her stockings and felt a garter belt and smooth, hot flesh. I groaned deeply. She just smiled down at me and then climbed off my lap.

My cock was now at full mast, and when her hands went to the buttons of her blouse, I was sure the pure lust I was feeling was clearly visible on my face. But Claudia didn't seem to be in any hurry as she undid the buttons, slowly, one by one. Nor was she the least bit self-conscious when her blouse fell from her shoulders and I stared intently at her lace covered breasts.

When her hands went to the back of her skirt, I stood up and asked, "Can I do that?" 

She gave me a nod and I moved behind her. As I unzipped her skirt, I looked over her shoulder at her breasts. A sliver of brown nipple was revealed at the very edge of her lacy bra. I pressed my cock against her arse and she pressed back, rubbing up and down.

When I finally slid the skirt over her hips, I almost came right then. She was wearing a white lace thong with a black garter attached to her sheer black stockings. The contrast between black and white somehow made the image seem sexier, naughtier.

I continued to stare even as she sat down on the couch and spread her legs wide. The sight of her mesmerized me. Far from being embarrassed by my intense gaze, Claudia smiled and slid her hand down her panties. The second her finger made contact with her pussy, she let out a long moan. The crotch of her flimsy undergarment was starting to get wet filling the room with the scent of her musky juices. She continued to caress herself, moaning and bucking her hips. I was more turned on than I'd ever been in my life, and Claudia hadn't really touched me, nor had I seen any more of her than I would on the beach. 

Her breasts rose and fell within her bra as her breathing became more ragged, and a fine layer of sweat appeared on her body. She continued rubbing herself as she whispered, "I need your tongue on me."

Her words brought me out of my daze, and I moved forward. But instead of removing her panties as I expected she would, she merely pulled aside the crotch. The sight of her clean shaven and exposed pussy next to the lacy material was the most erotic thing I'd ever seen. I lowered my head to her sweet cunt and lapped at her juices.

I licked her from arsehole to clit over and over again, holding up her legs, rubbing her stocking-clad thighs. She ground her pussy into my face, and when her moans became long and intense, I rapidly flicked my tongue against her clit. She came crashing down hard, thrashing against me, as I licked up every last drop of her sweet juices.

Claudia looked absolutely gorgeous lying against the sofa. In her rapture, her hair had come undone and fell like black clouds over her shoulders and breasts. One dark and hard nipple had appeared over the cup of her bra, and her pussy glistened, framed by the white of her panties and the black of her stockings. I stared at her, memorizing the image.

"You like what you see?" she asked. I nodded, and, leaning forward she kissed me. "Stand up." She said.

I did, and she pulled my shorts together with my briefs, down and off. She then took my hard dick in her mouth and pumped up and down. My breath hissed out between clenched teeth as she licked and sucked me, and I watched her tits bob on top of her bra.

I knew it wouldn't take long before I came, and Claudia must have sensed it also, because she pulled me onto the couch and then straddled my lap. She still didn't remove her bra and panties. Instead, she rose up on her knees and pulled her panties to the side once again, then impaled herself on my cock. Her pussy was hot and tight and I clutched her ass as she began a slow, steady movement, rising up so that my dick almost popped out of her cunt, then ramming herself back down.

I scooped one full breast out of her bra, put my lips to her hard nipple, sucked in to my mouth and flicked it with the tip of my tongue. She whimpered and increased her pace. It wasn't long before she was riding me fast and furious, her firm tits bobbing all over the place. As she fucked me, I looked at our bodies joined together—her lace panties against my cock, her black stockings against my bare legs. "I'm going to come," I groaned. But I don't think Claudia heard me because her head was already thrown back, her lips parted in an ecstatic moan.

We came together, my cock twitching in her cunt as her orgasmic contractions milked me for all I was worth. Then we both collapsed. Her head was against my shoulder and I could feel her hot breath on my neck. We stayed like that for a while as our breathing returned to normal. Suddenly, I realized that it had been sometime since I had sex as good as this, and I hadn't even seen Claudia completely naked!

She raised her head and kissed my jaw. Then she pulled away from my semi-hard cock. "I was thinking," she said as she stood. "We haven't finished here." She tucked her breasts back into her bra and looked at me.

My cock gave a little jerk. "We haven't?" I asked with a sheepish grin.

She shook her head and placed her hands on her hips. "Undress me," she said.

Grinning, I got rid of my t-shirt then concentrated on her. I unhooked her bra and let her gorgeous full and firm tits fall free. Then I slid her panties down her legs. Fully clothed or naked, she was by far one of the sexiest woman I'd ever come across.

I bent to undo her garters so that I could remove her stockings, but she stopped me with a hand on my shoulder. "Let me," she said. 

I moved back to sit on the couch and watched as Claudia popped the clasps that held up her stockings. Then she slipped them down her gorgeous legs, brushing each stocking over my cock after she had taken it off. My dick throbbed at the silky, soft contact. After carefully laying each over the arm of the sofa and taking off her garter belt, she turned back to look at me, the provocative invitation in her eyes unmistakable. All thoughts of drinks at the pub with the mates just flew out the window at that moment! We spent the rest of the evening having sex in every possible position in every corner of the house.

It goes without saying that there was no more talk of Claudia finding a place of her own. In fact, after our first "encounter", she'd moved into my bedroom. It was all happening so fast, maybe to fast, but I'd never met a woman with whom I was so sexually compatible. 

Claudia knew I worked downtown but didn't know exactly the location of my work place, so I was shocked to see her when she walked into my office one day.

"Hello! This is a surprise! What are you doing here?" I asked.

"I had a rough day so I decided to leave work early and come and see where you work," she said.

As Claudia sat on the chair on the other side of my desk, I got up and took the chair next to her. She appeared to be a bit agitated.

"What's wrong?" I asked her.

"I feel so tense," she said rubbing the back of her neck. 

With the intention of giving her a neck rub, I stood and leaned forward to relieve her of her jacket. As it came of her shoulders, I stopped dead in my tracks. She looked up and smiled at me. Underneath her conservative blazer she was wearing a black corset, her tits riding freely on top. I could do nothing but stare, so she got up quickly and stripped as I sat there and watched, my mouth agape, my cock standing at attention as she stepped out of her skirt. Her pussy was completely bare, as were the top of her thighs while the rest of her legs were encased in thigh-high stockings. 

When I glanced at the door of my office, she walked over and locked it, then came back and sat on the edge of my desk, spreading her legs wide apart.

"Do you like it?" she asked, running her hands down the sides of the corset, which gave her voluptuous body an even more defined hourglass shape.

I didn't feel the need to respond, since I was certain she had the answer to that by the way my cock was tenting my pants. Her breasts were sitting on top of her tight corset and Claudia brushed her fingers over them and moaned a little as she pinched her hard nipples. Then she licked her lips. 

"When I saw it I thought of you and bought it," she said as she moved one hand down her body and stuck two fingers deep in her slit while I stood there and took it all in. 

Her head fell back as she played with herself. Her fingers were getting wet with her love juices, and my dick was throbbing in my pants. She then took her fingers out, raised them to her lips and licked them clean before returning them to her pussy.

I'd never wanted a woman more than I wanted Claudia at that moment. When I approached her, she just smiled and shook her head. Her other hand continued playing with her breasts for a few minutes more before it also slid down to her cunt and started running two fingers from her arsehole to her clit. Her moan was louder this time as she rubbed her clit, then raised her hips and stuck a finger of one hand, well coated with her juices, as far as she could into her arsehole.

That was too much. Nothing she could have said would have kept me away, and she didn't try. I bent forward and took a nipple in my mouth, my chin grazing the coarse material just below. Claudia moaned and continued to fuck her arsehole and rub her clit. As I licked and sucked her breast, her hips rose off the desk and thrust against me. 

"I need you naked," she gasped.

I pulled off my shirt, kicked off my pants, and Claudia took her drenched fingers from her pussy and grasped my cock.

"You're so hard," she whispered.

I felt ready to explode as she ran her palm over the head of my shaft. When she leaned forward and licked my nipple with the flat of her tongue, it became even more difficult to hold back. But, Claudia didn't continue that sweet torture for much longer. Instead, she slid off my desk and turned around. As she bent over, she parted her legs and looked over her shoulder.

"Fuck me Marco. Please!"

The black corset accentuated Claudia's alabaster arse, and as I gazed at it, I realized I was living a fantasy. Spreading her nether cheeks apart, I shoved two fingers into her wet pussy.

"Oh, yeah," she groaned. Her tits hung forward and grazed the surface of my desk as I pushed my fingers deeper into her. She met me thrust for thrust, moaning softly. "Please," she whispered. "I need your cock."

I didn't need any more urging than that. I pushed her stocking-clad legs further apart and drove my dick into her cunt. Her moan was one of pure ecstasy. I knew exactly how she felt. Her pussy fit my cock like a hot, smooth glove. Gripping her waist, I dug my fingers into the hard corset and impaled her on my length. She let out a long moan.

"Just like that, baby," she breathed.

Once I'd established a steady rhythm, I let go of the corset and slid my arm around her waist. When I reached her pussy, I found her swollen clit and I flicked it with my finger. She let out a long, tortured sigh. My balls began to twitch, and I knew I wouldn't last much longer but was determined to hold back as long as I could. I shoved the index finger of my other hand all the way into her tight arse. I was sure that everyone on the other side of my door heard her when she yelled, 

"Oh, fuck, I'm coming!" but at that moment, I couldn't have cared less. 

As her pussy gripped my cock, I experienced the orgasm of my life and shot my load deep into Claudia's steaming cunt. I then leaned over and laid my chest on her corseted back.

"Guess what?" she said, as we rested together on my desk. "This isn't the only thing I bought today."

My dick stirred once again within her. "Oh! What else did you buy?"

She nudged me off of her and picked up her clothes. "You'll see when you get home." 

I watched her dress and then walk to the door. She stopped with her hand on the knob. "I'll be waiting in my new attire . . . on the dining table. So don't be too late."

Not ten minutes later I followed her, stopping at a florist down the street just long enough to buy two dozen roses. Although beautiful they paled when confronted with the outfit I saw Claudia wearing as I walked through the door of my home!

After living an incredible 6 months of my life with Claudia I was sorry to see her go. Unfortunately, her stage was over and an important position was waiting for her back at the head office in Italy. A couple of years later she got married. Now, twenty years later, she has two grown up kids and is running her own business. We still keep in touch, as much as our busy and separate lives allow, and in those rare occasions when we are able to meet "face to face" I feel, although there is no explicit mention of it, that the wonderful memories of that period our lives still lingers (definitely in mine!) within our minds and hearts. 

To this day, I thank my lucky stars that Claudia "passed" through my life.