 Cleaning attic was one hell of a task. The previous owner had left the place in a hurry when they sold this house to us. The attic was full of broken toys, garage tools, kitchen equipment and so on and so forth. We even found three boxes of old clothes, all in good condition and from what it appeared, very expensive. God knows better why they were just packed in boxes. One box caught my attention, which had some books, and few diaries and journals. 

I know it is bad to read anybody dairy, but show me one person, who had resisted this temptation. I picked up a journal. It was written by a man. I opened a random page and began reading...

"Every time I meet Kim even after our wedding, I feel like a school boy who has been proposed the other day. Some nights when we would decide to enjoy each other physically, we would prepare ourselves with great care. Well, other nights were just impulsive; we would jump on each other. Let me talk about last night which was more thrilling from our previous acts. In fact, every second physical encounter between us opens a new realm. 

We both are hairy couple, but we keep our pubis area epilated. We like it that way. Before going to bed, I went to the bathroom, I shortened the hair with scissors, shaved it and then applied hair removing cream to remove those one not accessible. While I waited for the hair removing cream to work, I started flipping the copy of Fantasy. There was a feature on oral and anal sex. I got an erection before stepping in the bedroom. 

Kim was in gown, watching late night movie on cable. A man was sodomizing a woman. It appeared to be the theme for tonight. She was in her lingerie under the see through gown. I got rid of my robe. She stood up as she saw me start nude. We embraced each other and kissed. Her upper lips was in my mouth and my lower lips in her. We were sucking them, and then I decided not to exploit any food tonight. Kim also seemed ready for a vulgar and cheap blue night. 

Her saliva ridden tongue tinged as it was reaching inside my mouth. Naughtily, I opened my mouth wide and backed my head. Her tongue came out, it was looking very appetizing. She did not take it in. I saw her saliva dripping down and the next moment, I was licking them up with my tongue and then again sucking it. While I unhooking Kim's bra, I sensed her hands traveling on my back downwards. They reached my buttocks and cupped them. One of her hand was trying to get in between the pelvises that were sticking to each other. I left Kim's mouth and came down a little, to her neck. Her hands got the passage, slipped in and caught hold of my manhood. Her hand was soft but grip was firm. I caught hold of her waist and let her reclining figure supine on bed. I took the unhooked bra off her boobs and kissed in between. I took each of them in my each palm and started massaging them softly. She became more and more excited with each circular movement. I was sitting beside her at that time and she was still holding my erect organ in one palm and playing with it. I bent down and took one stiff brown tiny flesh on her boobs between my lips and the other between my fingers. She hissed my name as I chewed the nipples and twitched them simultaneously. One of my hand was taking liberty on her silky panties. I came down to her stomach and licked all over. 

Massaging her thighs, I continued mouthing her belly whist I slid her panties to her knees. She helped herself out of it. I saw her epilated puberty as fresh as I have seen it on our first night. I kissed her on vulva. She shuddered as I started licking and kissing it in a sucking fashion. I stretched her legs a bit for wide opening and forced my tongue within. The whiff of her lubrications, her desire was intoxicating. I sucked it, but could never suck it dry. More I sucked, wetter she became. After long, I went up to her face. 

Ecstasy had made her face red. She embraced me and we rolled over to let her sleep on me. She raised my hands to the bed post and tied it there. She took a cube of ice from the glass and started rubbing it on my chest and stomach. My excitement was increasing by seconds. She rubbed the melting ice on my side ribs and licked the ice cold droplets. She placed the ice cube on my shoulder and licked the flow of water upwards from my armpits. 

We both were silent. Only our eyes did the talking. We looked at each other with love, affection, sensuality and hunger. Kim took the cube and held it over my phallus. The cock was stacking upright in excitement. Cold droplets fell on its red tipped glans penis. It made me hot. She did it for long. I groaned, "Kim." She kept the ice aside and took my erect organ in her mouth. She played with the tested with her fingers while she sucked it like a lollypop. She would pull out her face and again push it so that the hot erect manhood would again eagerly go in her warm mouth. Her eager lips brushed against it skin was sending waves of excitement. 

Kim was today armed with new knowledge, her new discovery which she was eager to experiment. She opened my hands, made my head rest on a high pillow, kneeled on my face, her knees on both the sides of my face. She was facing my legs. She bent down from her waist to reach my penis. She eased her legs on both the sides so that I could taste her vagina. While I inserted my tongue to titillate her clitoral walls. She gripped by thickly wet stick and pressed its bursting tip with tip of her tongue. It was such an erotic experience. The more we sucked each other's genitals, more excited we became. After a while both of us had an orgasm and then we changed our positions. 

She prostrated on me and we sucked each other mouth to palate our own taste. The flavor of our post orgasmic secretion. We slept tired. It was early dawn when we woke up. I woke up feeling her nipples on my lips. I got ready for another shade of blue erotism. I sucked her nipples and rubbed her vaginal orifice. I made her stand on her knees and bow down on her hands. I kissed her buttocks and tried to enter her anus. It went in, though it was little rough. But she enjoyed it. She cried in pleasure. I held her by her waist and in slow movement continued to provide friction. After a while, I took it out and slept on bed on my back. She stood with both of her strong and beautiful legs at my waist. She knelt down. With guided pelvic motion, she put her cunt right over my cock and slowly pushed forward. She entered completely and then she took my hands and put them on her boobs. She always liked this position. It gave her sense of command on her man. Kim always loves to lead and I love to be led by her especially in erotic blue nights like this. 

She copulated me with rhythmic to and fro movements. The friction of our shaved genitals gave us the heights of pleasure. At times she would bend down to kiss me and then again continue the movement. After some time we began to rock vigorously and just before orgasm, we tried to check it and control it for a while. We've gained this moment delaying the moment of the climax through loads of trials and errors. We came together, as we always do. We looked at each other and tried to withstand every bit of the orgasm for a little longer. 

The last explosion was so vibrating that we forgot each other and cried in ecstatic agony. A pleasure that could not be measured. After coming back to senses, I looked at Kim. She had fake anger on her face. 'You did not talk to me last night Mister, I want to know why?' she questioned. I replied with a kiss, 'because you did not.'

Honestly, our eyes were talking the whole time. There was no need of words. That was my erotic last night. Keep it safe in your heart, my dear Journal for Kim breathes here."

It was erotic, images filled my mind. I wanted to know who Kim was. I picked up another dairy with a female's hand writing. There was no dates, so I randomly opened a page. 

"Dear Dairy,

I want to share my intimate moments with you again. 

I was sleeping. He came softly and whispered my name "Kim." With half closed eyes I looked up. It was him. His wet hair was back brushed. He was looking very sexy. He had only his pajamas on. Few drops of water trickled down his chest. I invited her in my opened my arm. He took mine in his. He thought that he would pick me up, but I dragged him down. It was so spontaneous act! Neither he nor I are sure of what happened next. Things seemed to fly too fast. We realized that we were in our birthday suits. Our discarded clothes were all scattered on bed and floor.

Was it the heaviness of sleep in my eyes or his pressurizing burning lips on tip of my nips? I was not able to open my eyes. Only sighs escaped. When I heard some of the pleasure signs escaping his busy lips, I realized his vital organ was in my merciless hands. I realized that since the time we had started, I was there. My fingers were playing with the snake and teasing them naughtily. His lips gave way to his teeth on my sensitive part of the body, while his hands gripped tightly my back. We changed our position. Now his lips were on my most sensitive organ. I can't explain what a devil he became there. He did not let me go till I cried loud and clear. He had learnt some new tricks. Instead of usual places lip the tip of the cave, he went to the valley. I mean in the fold. He was there till stream gushed.

Nobody can escape the wrath of Kim. I pinned him down. I was too desperate to give him a dose of what he gave me. I did not touch his snake; rather I mouthed his scrotum - the sensitive and translucent reservoir. I licked it, pushed it, making sure that at times my nose slightly dug to the cut at back. I could see the changing color of his face and his vitals. The tip of his tight throbbing manhood declared that it could wait no more. I waited till he who was uttering my name "Kim" with softness, cried out hoarse with broken breath. I let it go. I mounted him and he sat up. He inched towards the edge of the bed. He laid down with his feet out of bed. He planted his feet firmly on ground. Seemed he was sitting on the edge of the bed and suddenly felt like sleeping so had just fallen back.

I jumped out from the bed. I stood between his legs. With one foot on ground, I knelt on the edge of the bed with another. I was leaning a bit on him for support and his hands were at my back holding me tight. I was leaning too forward in such a manner that the moment he entered, I was just that much above him that my nips tips were brushing his lips. It was a synchronized movement. When I moved, he did too; at times to touch the reddening tip of nips with his lips - sometimes left and sometimes right. Movements did have its effect. But ewe tried to hold back it as much as possible. When we finally let go, it was an explosion on both the sides. Hot and haughty streams were just too arrogant, leaving us utterly tired as I slipped on him, failing to keep up the balance. We both quietly enjoyed the gush of lava that was flowing. When it subsided, we smiled and looked at each other and the bed. We nodded in agreement. The bed sheet was all crumpled and needed to be cleaned before using it. We slipped to the floor and slept off peacefully."

I smiled. Indeed, this Kim and her partner who ever they were (the previous owner's names were different) seemed to have lived a life of ecstatic bliss. I was inquisitive. I turned another page and continued reading the diary.