 We'd been in bed for days... only getting up for nature calls and trips to the kitchen for sustenance... It was wonderful... I felt alive... all my senses on high alert... skin tingling... 

But... time to get real... the place was looking a bit of a shambles... we'd let things go in our blissful ignorance of everything outside of the bedroom. 

So we made the decision to finally get our butts out of bed and start picking the place up a little. We were having difficulty keeping our hands off each other... so we decided to start in different rooms... You were going to start in the bedroom... pick up the rubbish we'd left there... take out the dishes... change the sheets... and I was going to start in the living room and work my way into the kitchen... 

I climbed out of bed and pulled on a shirt of yours I found lying on the floor next to the bed. I could see you watching me, as you lay propped up on the pillows... then I felt your hand on my back... caressing... I turned and laughed at you... stop it! And I leaned over you... kissed your mouth... and playfully dragged the linen off you... exposing you... get up... 

I walked out of the room and into the kitchen. I put the kettle on... coffee would be wonderful about now... I needed the caffeine hit. While the water was boiling I ran some water in the sink and started to wash up the few dishes we'd let pile up... Music... that's what I needed for motivation... so leaving the kitchen I went into the living room and turned on the c. d. player... music filled the apartment... I pumped up the volume a little and danced my way to the hall cupboard and pulled out the vacuum cleaner. I plugged it in and began cleaning the floor as I continued to dance about the room... feeling happy and elated. 

I was not sure how long you'd been sitting there... but I turned to maneuver the vacuum at one point and noticed you leaning over the back of the sofa... just watching me with an easy, sexy smile on your face... 

I smiled at you... a little embarrassed at being caught wiggling my ass around the apartment with a vacuum cleaner... 

"What are you doing?" I asked you... "get back in there and do your own room"... you laughed at me and told me you rather liked the view from where you were... I poked my tongue out at you playfully and continued cleaning... You sat down on the sofa... staring at me... enjoying the music and the show I was putting on for you... I knew you were watching me... so I played up to you a little... moving my ass deliberately to the music... grinding and swaying... I looked up to see you laying across the couch... your robe fallen open... and your cock exposed... and hardening... 

I laughed at you... "Oh no you don't... forget it... We have stuff to do... so go do it...!"

I turned my back on you... even though the thought of your hard cock was sending a rush through my body that I wouldn't admit to out loud... I bent over slightly to push the head of the cleaner under one of the armchairs... and I felt your hands on my hips... standing behind me... pushing your cock hard up against my ass... I couldn't help myself... I began to grind against you in time to the music that was echoing around the apartment. 

I heard you let out an audible moan as I moved my ass against you... and that was enough to turn me on and get my own juices flowing again... I felt your hands on my shoulders... pushing me forward... my hands instinctively reached out to the chair I was in front of and held onto the arms of it. I was on my knees now and I could feel your hands on my hips... pulling me back... both my hands were flat on the floor now... I found myself in an all fours position. I reached over and clicked the off button on the vacuum. 

Then I felt the warm touch of your open hand on my pussy... slowly moving it up and down... I could feel my juices wetting your hand as it slid over me... I couldn't see you... but I felt your cock at the entrance to my pussy... probing... seeking entry... and then slowly pushing the head inside... almost gliding in with the help of my wetness... then the gentle stroking of your cock moving in and out of me as I pushed back against you slowly and excitedly. 

I was feeling hot and sexy in this vulnerable position... imagining you behind me with your eyes on my ass... watching your cock slide in and out of my pussy... exciting you more and more... you began to move a little faster... and I made sure you heard me when I moaned out loud "oh fuck yes"... and immediately felt you thrust a little faster and harder... feeling your balls tight up against me in between thrusts. I started to rock on my hands and knees... pushing back against you as if trying to swallow up your cock... deeper than ever before... I felt your thumb rimming my ass... and then I felt you push your thumb inside me as your cock thrust hard and deep inside my pussy... and I was on the edge... that fine threshold between pleasure and pain... I was moaning loudly now... but not wanting you to stop... then I heard you... "baby I want to cum"... Oh no you don't! Not yet... I pulled myself off you and turned myself around so that I was sitting flat on the floor in front of you... my cheeks were flushed and I was breathing heavily... looking at your cock... hard and delicious looking... your eyes were glazed and had a look of confusion in them... I could tell you wanted to cum bad... I was enjoying the knowledge that I had stopped you just in time... I leaned back against the chair... opened my legs wide... and slid my hand down to my pussy... my clit was swollen, hard and throbbing... I began to slowly circle my finger around it... you went to move towards me... I pushed my hand onto your chest and stopped you... "Just watch"... and I continued my masturbation while you sat still, on your knees, in front of me, watching with excitement... cock at attention... 

I alternated my eyes from your cock to your eyes... rubbing at myself... occasionally sliding in my finger to pull out a little more wetness... then drag it back up my slit and over my clit again... I looked you right in the eyes... "I'm going to cum real hard now honey"... and I felt you push my hand out of the way... in one movement you bent down and your face was in front of my soaking pussy... and the first touch of your open mouth and tongue on me sent my body into spasms like never before... you sucked and licked at my pussy till I was bucking up against your face in sensitive shudders. 

My eyes were closed as I relished the sensation of my orgasm... I pulled your head up away from my pussy and holding it between my hands I looked you in the eyes and pulled your mouth onto mine... kissing you hard and passionately... tasting my own cum in your mouth... sucking at your tongue. 

I pushed you back... "Your turn now babe"... I pulled your arms up and moved you back into your kneeling position... I stayed where I was... legs open... and leaned in towards you... taking your cock in my hand I held it firmly as I flicked my tongue over the top of it... I could taste my own bodily fluids on it again... sweet and musky... like sex and candy. 

I wanted more of you... slowly clamping my lips over the head of your cock I began to slide them down to the base... feeling my throat open up receptively and making sure the tip of you touched me there. My hand was caressing your tightly swollen balls... scraping my nails over them as I dragged my lips up and down your shaft... keeping my lips tight... sucking at the end as I moved my head faster and rhythmically over you again and again... 

I heard your sharp intake of breath and hoarsely whisper " ahh fuck Rhon, I'm gonna cum... NOW"... I pulled my head back... and continued to run my hand up and down your cock... pulling... flicking my tongue at the head... my mouth open... waiting expectantly... and then I felt it... warm shots of your cock cream hitting my mouth... my face... dribbling down my chin... my tongue licking at my lips desperately... trying to taste you before it ran down my face where I couldn't get at it... I kept squeezing you so hard... pumping out the last drops of your cum. 

With a loud grunting noise escaping from your throat you pulled away from me and collapsed exhausted on the floor... your chest rising and falling quickly... I scrambled up off my butt and crawled over you... straddling you... you look at me... and laugh... your cum still sticky on my face... wiping a smear of it away from my cheek you pull my head down to you and kiss me... "I love you Rhon"... and I was happy... I didn't need to say it back to you... I just lay my head down on your chest and listened to your heart beating. 

I knew the rest of the cleaning could be done now... smiling to myself I climbed off you and began walking out of the room... "hey", you called... "where are you going?"... And I turned and smiled at you "to make coffee"... As the c. d. finished playing all I heard was your laughter behind me in the living room.