 It was Friday morning, the kids had gone off to school, Kim and Darnell decided they were going to work around the house, Darnell got himself dressed into his shorts and one of his tank tops that Kim loves so much, she couldn’t take her eyes off him kissing her softly, winking at her he proceeded outside with his coffee to mow the lawn, Kim however decided to stay and work inside, she stood staring out the window of the door for a few minutes watching him, she found herself lost in a day dream, (running her hands and tongue slowly up and down his chest as his body breaks out in a sweat, oh god how good he tastes and how good he feels).

She snaps herself out of it as she finds her hands slowly running down her body, she goes into their room changing into one of Darnell’s button down shirts and her thong, starting her cleaning in their bathroom turning on the radio, getting onto her hands and knees she leans over the side of the tub, her ass now bared to the room with only her thong covering it.

The entire time she proceeded to try to clean that tub all she could think about was her ever so sexy man out in the yard, visioning him removing his tank top as the sweat pours off his forehead, running down his nose, over his cheeks, down his neck, over his shoulders, down his arms, over his chest, down his back, covering all that wonderful hair that he has, and just how badly she would love to taste each and every ounce of glistening sweat that covers him, she would love nothing better than to have him in there with her at that very moment, feeling her hand slide in between her legs her nail tips teasing at her clit lightly through her thong as her breathing began to deepen.

Stopping for a moment she gets herself back together, shaking her head gently, as she goes back to cleaning the tub, yet she didn’t realize that the sexy man she was just thinking about was behind her watching her, slowly he gets down onto his hands and knees, crawling in behind her, with the tip of his tongue he gently and slowly traces the length of her thong, she lets out with a surprised sort of shriek, as her ass pushes back toward him. “You didn’t have to stop baby girl; there’s nothing your daddy loves better than watching you.” He whispers softly.

“Oh god daddy I’m such a bad girl; I know I’m supposed to be cleaning this bathroom but I just couldn’t help it, you know what it does to me when I watch you working outside and your body gets all sweaty like that.”

“Baby girl, just look at me.”

Turning her head, her eyes lock onto his, with his devilish little grin he repeats the same thing, his tongue running slowly up the entire length of her thong, stopping at the top for a moment just staring at her, in a teasing sort of fashion, dragging his teeth over her thong, as he takes his hand slapping her ass cheek softly, she shrieks as her body tenses, placing his hand flat on the small of her back, pulling her thong to the side with his teeth, slowly slipping his thumb in between the crack of her ass, teasing her rose bud gently, his tongue gliding slowly up and down the length of her pussy lips, ever so softly his tongue encircles her clit, driving her body into spasms.

Feeling her insides twisting and turning she didn’t want him to stop, ever so slowly he begins to slide his thumb inside her rose bud as his tongue began to slide up inside her ever so wet, so tight pussy all at one time.

Her ass pushing back against his thumb wanting more inside her, her pussy beginning to grind against his mouth as her hands came to rest on the edge of the tub, her fingers grabbing onto the side, her back arching, her soft moans now turning to screams, his thumb working in and out of her a little harder and faster as his tongue slid deeper inside her, finding her g-spot concentrating on it.

“OH FUCK DADDY, PLEASE OH GOD PLEASE DON’T STOP!!!” she screams out in her sexy little whiny voice that her daddy loves so much.

The harder and faster that he worked on her g-spot, and inside her rosebud the faster and harder she would grind against his mouth, his moans and growls now growing louder as he knew what he was about to create.

“Come on baby girl, cum for daddy, give it all to me, daddies hungry.” 

With that all in one swift yet gentle motion he pushes his thumb inside her rose bud up to his very last knuckle, as he pushes his tongue now as deep inside her as he possibly could, that was all it took, feeling her muscles inside her pussy grabbing onto his tongue as Kim’s body shivered and shook, her screams so loud they echoed off the walls of the tub, his hand wrapped around her leg pulling her in closer to him, holding her in position as she released all her love juices that her daddy wanted so badly.

As Kim’s body began to come back down she began to shake, Darnell stands up, standing behind her standing her up with him, wrapping his arms around her, holding her tightly, not tight enough to hurt her but tight enough so that she knows he’s there; holding her close to him.

“I love you baby girl.” He whispers softly in her ear.

“I love you daddy.” She whispers in her soft sexy little voice.

Slowly she turns in his arms, facing him she rests her head on his chest, he reaches in the shower turning it on, as the water warms up he takes her face into his hands looking deep into her eyes, kissing her softly yet passionately, taking two steps back slowly he unbuttons the buttons on the shirt she’s wearing, only to find to his enjoyment that the only thing under that shirt is her.

Gently he takes her breasts into his hands massaging them ever so gently, taking her nipples between his first finger and his thumb twisting and tweaking them lightly, she moans softly as her head goes back, placing his hands flat in the middle of her back holding her from falling back, gently he leans in taking one nipple into his mouth, sucking, licking and nibbling softly, her eyes close as she enjoys the sensations that are running through her being.

Slowly her hand roams down his side over his hip coming to rest on his now hard, rigid, bulging mass that tents against his shorts, massaging it ever so gently, raking her nail tips over it lightly, yet firmly enough to send wave after wave of erotic sensations through his entire being, as he moans softly.

Little by little she begins to open his shorts, wanting that mass in her hand, lowering his shorts over his hips, slowly and gently encasing his member with her hand, his body tensing as his back arches, his moans growing in intensity, as she begins to stroke him ever so gently yet firmly.

“What’s the matter daddy?” she asks in her sexy little devious voice.

“AAAHHH, Oh shit, nothing absolutely nothing, just please…” he replies in his sexy high pitch tone.

“Please what? Tell me daddy.”

“Don’t stop, please don’t stop.”

“Come with me daddy.” 

Taking his hand she steps into the shower, he steps in behind her, she turns to she’s now behind him with the water running over his body, slowly she takes his mass back into her hand, every time she touches him his body tenses and his back arches, resting his back against the wall she moves in closer to him, her tongue tracing down his chest, meeting with her hand, lightly teasing the tip of his member with her tongue as she sucks the length of him into her mouth, locking her lips around it, sucking it longer and deeper, and harder, his hands slip into the sides of her hair, as he slowly begins to fuck her mouth.

His body beginning to shake, thrash, twist, his moans turned to screams as he picks up his pace, faster and deeper he works his member into the back of her throat, taking all that she could, very gently taking one finger on her right hand slowly she teases his ass.

She knew exactly what his body needed at that moment, gently she slides her finger up inside him, finding his little g-spot that she knows drives his body crazy, the more she proceeded to tease it with her nail tip, the harder and faster he fucked her mouth, his breathing increased quite rapidly, his screams got even louder, as his body tensed as she could feel his mass hardening even more in her mouth as his balls tightened.

“OH FUCK YESSSS BABY GIRL, DADDIE’S GOING TO CUM!!!!!!!!!!!” 

Knowing this she proceeded to push her finger as far up inside him as she possibly could and just held it there, and with one last thrust into her mouth he released all his hot love juices that he knew his baby girl wanted so badly.

As he released into the back of her throat, she swallows almost every drop, yet keeping some of it still in her mouth she slowly slides her upper body up his upper torso, running her hands into the back of his hair, pulling him down to her, she kisses him softly yet deeply sharing with him what he had just given her.

“I love you daddy.” She whispers softly in his ear.

“I love you baby girl.”