 In a recent story I told how cleaning Janice's windows for free changed delightfully my notions about making it with a mature woman.

But perhaps was growing up just a little after she and I spent many happy times enjoying the thrill of sexercise. She was sixty when I first fucked her and I was only twenty. How come, having enjoyed several girlfriends I suddenly took to an older woman?

It wasn't anything that one might assume. I had no hang up about wanting a mother substitute or any kinks about how it would be with an older woman. But what it was really all about is I truly empathised with the woman who'd lost her husband with cancer just five years back, who looked so lonely and helpless and unhappy. I just took to her, simply that. She gave me coffee and biscuits and before I knew it we were hugging on the sofa.

She mentioned how much she missed the warmth of a man in her bed, a man like Gerry used to be in his younger days, before the horrid cancer hit, when he was warn and vibrant and his kisses never ending. 

"I guess that is why I miss Gerry so very much because he was such a warm and truly loving person."

I decided to go for it and ask if she missed him physically. By this time I had a definite feeling for her which, surprising was not just emotional. There was something about her which lured me wanting to have sex with her.

"I do miss him very much that way too. I realise sex isn't the be all and end all but for me, I was a very passionate girl, and to be frank, deep down I still am. But those times are over now I guess and I have to adjust remembering memories.

She was so special and I felt a need to give her something of myself more than just understanding and as told in my story that went off with a bang and both Janice and I were the better for it.

I cannot tell you how rewarding it was, not for just the sex which 2was phenomenal, but because I made her so very happy, and I still see her once a month when I do her windows for free!

That having been said who would have thought when doing my once per month Wednesday round Jackie asked me in for coffee. She lived a mile away from Janice but as it turned out she was a sister, who's spouse had also died a few years back and... well need I say more?

"I do want to thank you Philip you for your sincere kindness towards my sister, you can never know just how much you have restored her confidence again, that she isn't too old to enjoy what comes naturally, even at our age."

I like to be of assistance that is what it is all about in my book."

Jackie nodded positively and I liked her open smile.

"I wouldn't mind being in your book?"

Wow she was flirting with me and no mistake.

"Well I am a lonely soul too, missing the finer things of life. In my time it was unheard of for a woman to enjoy a toy boy, but all that has changed thank goodness. What say you Philip?"

I hesitated just a little, to absorb what she was saying, and maybe what she was suggesting.

She said she was a little younger than her sister, about three years but she still looked good enough to take advantage of. But was it the other way around? I said I agree that it is better that we are more outgoing now, saying it how it is.

"Then can I say it how it is Philip. Would you mind?"

I finished the coffee which I knew was measured by a tipple of brandy and had already made up my mind that I wanted Jackie. I could see a lot of her sister in her and that helped, I wondered if she would be so passionate though. I was soon to find out.

I nodded to the affirmative and she came right out with it that she'd like to snog the face off me. That was different for a start.

She warmed to me, placing her neat petite figure next to me. Her perfume was exciting and alluring and I really wanted her.

For the next half hour I was the object of her discovery and desire.

"I can see what Janice never stops talking about you. You are rather gorgeous Philip."

Not as shy as her sister I felt her hand go down to me, then she added; "Gorgeous in many ways!" and I enjoyed the utter spoiling her busy hand was giving me through my jeans.

"Philip, you are divine, it has been so long, and would you mind if...?"

"If?" I teased knowing by her expression just what she meant.

"So you aim to tease Huh Philip. I adore to be teased. I like to tease too. Like this ..."

She looked straight into my eyes with a glowing passion and I felt her fingers gently encircling me still through my jeans. I had no qualms about the rapid growth and hearing Jackie sigh I knew she was more than happy with the result of that she was doing so wonderfully.

I do so love experience woman who have been there and eon that so many times before, when she was married and had no doubt ventured into the delights of sexual bliss.

She whispered that until recently she was an avid jogger and often jogged with her sister. But hearing how her sister enjoyed the more sensual and pleasurable delights of sexercise, she wanted to follow suite, and who better than with me!

"It is alright, I have asked Janice if she would mind. She poignantly replied that if you didn't then she didn't and it is true when we were young we shared almost everything, except boyfriends, but now, having matured we feel it is quite acceptable like many things are today."

I was beginning to wish she'd just stop the motor mothering and get on with the job in hand, Which was mighty primed up and ready for the off.

I was latterly thinking if she could suck as well as her sister, who gave me many wonderful moments.

I felt her start to breathe heavily as she began to gently unzip me, her index finger continually stroking my length through my jeans, Then having unzipped me she ventures to squeeze me there over my boxer shorts whispering she loved a man in boxer shorts, much better than those 'ball huggers' her hubby used to wear she said openly, adding that there was no air and he was always smelly, not like me who smelt so fresh.

I smiled happily at the things she was saying in her excitement to get to the crux of the matter, and she soon managed that with hardly any effort at all and it was just good, like it was with Janice, to enjoy the pleasures a woman can give to a guy, when she is on heat and craving for something she had gone without for so long.

And when she did reveal my all she peered uo to me, sort if asking in her eyes if it was alright to go further. She must have realised my response because there she was, sucking me like she had never sucked before.

This was a real starter and now it was my turn to enjoy the taste of feel of primed woman again.

It didn't take long at all to gear ourselves to the position we both wanted like it was an instinctive thing to do and I was soon spoiled with a face full of sheer feminine delight once more, and she wore those very sexy sheer silk panties too which enhanced her wonderfully warm and moist pussy.

It was simply like being with sweet Janice all over, her touch, her caress and her suck was similar, just the method of approach was different yet equally as delightful, she love to nibble and suck my length from top to bottom and then venture to lick my balls and between my ass cheeks which was wonderfully soothing and very, very seductive, to the point I was longing to get inside her and give her the thrusting her sister so enjoyed, 

But she wanted more oral that was evident. Stretching my legs apart she seemed enjoy the seen sensual tease of anal sex, something that no other woman had done with me. Between all that she was talking about her wearing a strap on if I would like that.

That was something completely new, something I had never imagined with a woman. I thought strap ons were used by lesbians but I could see the thrill and maybe, yes just maybe i could go for that. There was a time when I experimented with an anal dildo, when I was a teenager and experimenting with different things like you do...

But momentarily I was focussed into getting into Jackie's ass, it was made for it, so round and appealing, I ventured to sniff it out as we managed a sixty nine position once again and both ventured onto the thrill of oral anal sex.

Considering Jackie's age she was with it and her sexual drive was something else. She wanted the lot and no mistake. Her kisses were very French her hugs very wanting and her energy were really awesome.

"I do think it best we go upstairs, don't you Philip?" she asked wistfully, like it was the thing to do, that is what lovers do when they want to go all the way, and certainly Jackie wanted that. The sheer sensation of following her up the stairs, seeing just how a mature woman can tease and torment was absolutely out of this world. By the time we reached the bed I was so hot my cock was straight up jilting like it was ready to go,

Fucking Jackie was an experience I shall never forget, let alone the build-up and how we performed downstairs, first she wanted me ass up and sprawled on all fours for a doggy fuck, her hand twisting around to guide my frantic cock deep and tight into her anus and then her warm and very tight pussy which was so good, her ass moving and moving in relentless twists and turns to make my thrusting cock very happy indeed. She was the fuck of fucks never before experienced to that degree.

There is really something about pleasing a lonely woman who has been without for so long. A woman who can really be so turned on. Women like Jackie and Janice who I was going to enjoy for a time to come, so long as they wanted me I would be there for them.