 After our company moved people to a new building 25 miles away, I was the only one in the building 2 days a week to keep an eye on the datacenter until we could get it moved to the new location. I didn't mind as with no one else in the building, I could get more done and be able to concentrate on things without interruption.

One of the other nice things about working alone in the office is we had an outside internet connection with no filtering so if I wanted to look at something that would not be under the prying eyes of security, I could. So I would visit sites on my lunch hour that were not always HR friendly. 

It was a drizzly Wednesday when I opened my lunch box and opened a web browser to see what mischief I could get into while on my lunch break. I woke up horny that morning and thought I'd surf some eye candy. As I was checking out some scantily clad women on my computer I heard someone walking down the hall and the crinkle of trash bags. The cleaning crew was here to empty the trash and do their daily cleaning. I knew I could just hide the window when they came in. 

I minimized the window when she walked in. She was about 35, wearing tight sweat pants and a tight t-shirt. I could tell she had a sports bra on and even with the sports bra, I could tell she had some big breasts. I glanced up at first and had to take a second look. I looked her up and down and said hello. She gave me a smile and went about her business, emptying the trash cans and dusting the desks. I watched her bend over to pick up trash cans and do her duties, completely distracted by that body. I could feel myself getting aroused watching her, and my imagination was taking me through some very erotic scenarios.

She got to my desk and bent down to grab my trash can. Her eyes caught me looking her over as she did so and her eyes look down at my lap. It was pretty obvious that I was aroused. She smiled again at me and said "Hard at work?" Oh man, I just smiled and grunted, a little unsure of how to respond to that. She looked me in the eye and said " It's okay, you like what you see?" I nodded. 

As she cleaned around my desk, I could feel her brush against me with her breasts and her ass. She knew how to work that body and I was now fully erect with my mind racing about how much I wanted to fuck her. She could obviously sense it as she worked moving sensually through the office. I pretended to work as I sneaked looks at her. 

As she finished her cleaning in my area, she looked at me and waved "See you later."

"I'll be back on Friday." I said as she was in the doorway. She looked back and gave me a wink and blew me a kiss.

I spent the rest of the afternoon imagining that body and what I wanted to do to it. Needless to say, I didn't get a lot of work done. 

As I drove to work on Friday morning, my thoughts were on the cleaning lady. She was so overtly sensual and I was looking forward to seeing her move again. 

As lunchtime neared, I couldn't help but to start to get aroused with anticipation. As I heard the footsteps coming down the hall, I tried to look busy. When she came through the doorway, I was in awe. She was wearing a short skirt and a very tight t-shirt with no bra. I could see the outline of her nipples through the shirt and as I took her in with my eyes, she smiled and said hello again. 

She rolled the cleaning cart next to my desk, stopped and looked at me, then gave a twirl so I could see all of her. Her nipples were hard. My cock was now too. She bent down to pick up my trashcan and she put her other hand on my thigh to steady herself. "Oh sorry." she said as she composed herself. I reach up to steady her by her hips. She regained her balance and let her hand stay on my thigh as she gazed into my eyes. 

Her hand moved up my thigh and grabbed my cock. "Oooh, you're a big boy." she said as she leaned in and kissed me on my mouth. She moved into my lap as we kissed, our tongues exploring each others mouths. She let out a soft moan as my hands moved up her shirt to explore her breasts. I could feel her warm wetness against my cock as she moved against me. She unbuttoned my shirt as she kissed me passionately. She slide my shirt off and reached down to pull her shirt over her head. I grabbed her and sat her on my desk, spreading her legs and hiking up her skirt. She clearly had this planned, no panties.

I shoved her down on the desk, spread her legs and started kissing along her thighs . i nibbled and licked my way upwards as her breathing grew deep. I licked all around her pussy before spreading her lips with my fingers and licked slowly up to her clit. She let out a moan as the tip of my tongue reached her clit. He hips moved against my face as I sucked on her clit and teased it with my tongue. My hands moved up her body to caress her nipples as my tongue worked her clit. This got her very excited. She was now bucking hard against my face and cooed "I'm cumming!" I was licking furiously now as I could feel wave after wave of orgasm coursing through her body. 

She grabbed my head and pulled it up to her, kissing me like a wild woman as she undid my belt and my pants fell to the floor. She got on her knees and took my cock in her mouth, sucking and taking it down her throat. Now it was my turn to moan as she worked my cock, grabbing my ass to pull me into her throat. The feeling was intense and pleasurable and I was feeling close to cumin, but didn't want to yet.

I pulled her up to me and kissed her, tongue darting in each others mouths. I kissed her neck and shoulders while I fondled her ample tits. Then I turned her around, pushed her over the desk and hiked up her skirt to enter her from behind. "Ohhh Gawd!" she cooed as I entered her slowly, pushing all the way in. I pulled almost all the way out again before pushing back in, slowly at first. As the pace picked up, the moans and groans from both of us was getting intense. The sound of our bodies slapping together mixed with our heavy breathing and moans was making me get very close to cumming. "I'm going to cummmm!" she yelled out as she started to cum. I could feel myself cum as she did. 

We rode each other through the intense waves of orgasm. As it ebbed, I pulled out of her and collapsed on top of her, our breathing still heavy. After a few minutes, I got up and she straightened her skirt and put her shirt back on, her nipples still hard as rocks. 

She gave me a deep kiss and said "Back to work," I watched her sensually empty the trash cans and dust the desks, my mind still reeling from the intense experience. As she finished, she came back over to my desk and kissed me deeply. Then she whispered in my ear "See you next week, you sexy man." I gave her a pat on the ass and Said "Looking forward to it." 

With that, she left the office and I got back to work. My mind wasn't completely on work for the rest of the afternoon. There are times that a guy just loves his job.