 When I graduated art school I decided to go out on my own. I was going to try and paint portraits for a living. I knew I would probably starve to death but I had to try. If I wasn't successful I would end up doing corporate art. I found myself a large, cheap loft and I set up my studio. This place had a bathroom with a shower if I wanted to stay over some night, I could.

I found a sofa and a couple of chairs and I moved my art equipment in. I was ready to go. I did manage to get a couple of galleries to show my paintings. The problem was I couldn't afford to pay models. One day I was walking down the hallway to my studio. I saw the cleaning lady mopping the floor. My place was a pig sty. I asked her if she did jobs on the side.

"Let me see your place," she said to me.

I let her in and she looked around.

"This place is a mess," she told me.

I was embarrassed because she was right. I had art supplies everywhere. Old rags I used to clean my brushes were on the floor.

She just shook her head. I didn't know if she was saying no or if she was just disgusted by what she saw.

"How much are you offering?" She asked.

We bargained a bit and then came to a price. She said she could stop by after her shift tomorrow. I found out her name was Betsy. Sure enough around four pm Betsy knocked on my door. She wheeled her cart in and began to clean up.

I should tell you something about Betsy. She looked to be in her early forties. Her hair was starting to go gray. She had it pulled back in a ponytail. I did look her over. From what I could see she had a hot body. I wondered why she was doing this kind of work.

Betsy got my studio cleaned up in record time. I didn't recognize the place. While she was there I saw her looking at my paintings.

"You do pretty good work Matt," she told me.

I asked her if I could paint her. She looked surprised.

"Why would you want to paint me?" She said.

I told her she was a very attractive woman. I was sure I could sell her portrait. She gave me this look like she thought I was pulling her leg. I said that if I sold any paintings of her, I would split the money 50-50. I guess she liked those terms and so she agreed. She told me she could sit once all her work was done at the end of the day.

Betsy showed up promptly the next day. I have this stool with a cushion on it. I told her to get comfortable. I began to block in her face. A thought was running through my mind. I wondered if she would allow me to do her nude. I got up the courage and asked her. She must have thought I was up to something.

I said that I couldn't pay models top dollar to let me paint them in the nude. I could give her some small amount of money if she agreed. She thought about it and said yes. She could use any extra money she could get. I asked her to remove the shirt and bra she was wearing. I almost let out this gasp. Her tits were beautiful.

There wasn't any sag to them and her nipples were erect. Her face was red.

"Sorry," she said to me. "I'm a little excited sitting here in front of a young guy. It's not something I normally do."

I told her not to worry. I started painting like mad. I wanted to capture her erect nipples down on the canvas. I must have painted for close to an hour. I said that we should take a small break. Betsy walked over to see what I had done. 

"You made me look so good Matt."

There was Betsy standing right next to me. My cock was stirring in my pants. It had been some time since I last had sex. I wondered what it would be like to make love to someone like Betsy. She then told me some things about her. She was divorced. Her husband had up and left her.She was scraping by doing cleaning work. She was thankful she met me.

"You're helping me out with this extra money. I can use every little bit."

"I normally don't have handsome young guys wanting to paint me," she said.

I did something kind of stupid. I looked at her breasts as she was talking. 

"Please don't take this the wrong way Betsy but I find you incredibly attractive."

I'm still not sure how it happened but we ended up kissing. Her tongue found mine and I pulled her into my body. I had to touch them. I reached up and placed the palms of my hands on her hard nipples.

"Oh my God!" Betsy let out this loud moan.

I started to squeeze her ripe breasts. I moved Betsy close to the couch. I was tugging to push her pants down over her hips. They fell to the floor along with her panties. I brush a finger across her slit. Betsy was damp. That much was for sure. I pulled my shirt off and took off the rest of my clothes. Betsy looked down to see my rigid penis.

"We shouldn't Matt," she said to me.

It sounded like a feeble plea for me to stop. I sat down on the couch and I pulled Betsy down onto my lap. Betsy was straddling me. The fat part of my cock was brushing against her wet folds. My cock head found her opening and I pushed in. Betsy let out this scream. She was damn tight down below. I was sure she hadn't had sex in some time.

I held her hips down and I fed her love tunnel. Betsy was getting into it, there was no denying.

"Please Matt, fuck me hard," she pleaded with me.

I brought my hips up as Betsy rode my cock. I told her that I needed her. Betsy said that she went home the previous night and fingered herself. She thought of me the whole time. I stretched that tight pussy as we fucked there on the couch. I said I was going to have her more than this one time.

Betsy gave her body to me that day. I leaned in and nibbled on those hard nipples. Betsy placed her hands on the back of my head and urged me to suck on her tits. I don't ever recall my cock feeling so large as that day. It felt like I was deep in her belly as she milked my bone.

It was hard to say how long we went. Betsy said I made her orgasm three times already. I was getting close to popping. I couldn't make myself stop and pull out. I sent a geyser of my seed deep into her gash. Betsy's head snapped back when she felt me unload. Her muscles went into overdrive and she squeezed all my hot oils from my prick.

I pulled her tight into my body and Betsy held on until we were both spent. Betsy finally pulled off and my seed came dripping out of her hole. Betsy got to her feet and went to the bathroom. When she came back, she told me this.

"I hope we both don't regret this."

I was shocked to hear her say such a thing. The sex had been fantastic.

"Don't be mad at me. I wanted that as much as you did. I haven't been with a man in over a year. I'm at least fifteen years older than you Matt. One day you will get tired of being with an older woman."

I told her I wasn't thinking that far ahead. I enjoyed what we had done and I wasn't about to let her go. She kissed me on the lips and got dressed. Betsy told me she had a lot to think about and then she left. The rest of that night I worked on her painting. Around morning time I fell asleep.

I was awoken by a knock on my door. It was Betsy coming to check on me before her shift started. I was on pins and needles wondering what she would say.

"Maybe we should break this off Matt, before we are in over our heads."

I said I wasn't going let that happen. I wanted her with me. I didn't care about our age difference. Something like this doesn't happen every day. Was she going to give up on me like that. Betsy said she was falling in love with me. She never thought it could happen after her divorce. She felt confused by these feelings.

I pulled her into my body. I kissed her hard on the mouth. I pulled back and said I wouldn't let her leave me just like that. For some reason Betsy gave into me that morning. I took her again on the couch. I made her lie back. I took her by the ankles and raised her legs up. I plunged my hard pecker deep into her body.

I told Betsy she was mine. Our pubic bones ground together as I gave her the fucking she needed.

"You want my cock, don't you Betsy?"

"You're going to make me cum, talking like that Matt."

I told Betsy I wanted her to squirt her juices all over my dick. I wasn't going to pull out until she came repeatedly. I worked Betsy up into a state of sexual ecstasy. She screamed as I gave her the fucking of a lifetime. I said I was going to breed her. She was going to get all my baby seed.

Oh my God, Matt!" "I want to feel you cum in me!"

I took Betsy hard with my prick. We both came together and I shot a big load into her belly. After we finished, Betsy said she didn't know how she would make it through the day. Betsy is still with me. I have done numerous nude paintings of her and sold virtually all of them. Betsy is no longer a cleaning woman. She is my permanent model and lover.

In case you are wondering. I made Betsy get on birth control pills. Nothing happened those first couple of times but there is no sense taking chances with your best model.