 In the last story we saw how Martha did an unexpectedly fast exit, which was probably a good thing because my wife, Julie, decided to come find me and reconcile our marriage differences. As it turned out that reconciliation resulted in some of the best sex I'd had in some time and made for a memorable event. Some stories, however, do take some unusual turn of events and this one is no exception.

So Julie and I returned home, each of us grateful that we were able to reconcile our differences and appreciate one another much more than what we had been doing. Yet the short time that I had had with Martha at the cottage remained ingrained in my memory and just would not go away. For one, whenever I went into the linen closet for a towel, I could not miss seeing our red rubber enema bag, which, of course brought back the memories of the fun time of my giving Martha an enema and then shortly thereafter her giving me one. But it wasn't the enema that was the main event, it was the incredible sex we had afterwards. It was the sight of the enema bag that made me want to give one to Julie if the opportunity arose. I just knew that I could not just come out and make such a suggestion, but would have to wait for the right opening, if you pardon the expression. Still, the idea fascinated me. I just had to be patient.

It was early September and a couple of months after the adventure at the lake cottage that I received a cryptic text message on my phone: "Do you still like to help with cleaning out?" It was Martha, but how did she get my number?

I replied, "Yes, sometimes everyone needs some help."

"That's good because I do. I'll be at Uncle Jack's cottage on Thursday." My heart skipped a beat just thinking about going back to the cottage and getting Martha over my lap again. Thursday was a week away so I could tell Julie that I had to go see a client who had a maintenance issue, which wasn't all out of the ordinary.

"Sounds good. See you then," I typed back.

Thursday morning arrived, I packed an overnight bag, kissed Julie "goodbye" and headed out to my "appointment." Three hours later I pulled down the dirt road and saw the rental car next to the cottage as I approached. Martha was already there!

When I got to the deck, the door opened and there stood Martha looking as good as ever in a skimpy bikini that left little to the imagination. God, but she looked fabulous and all I could think of was getting her out of that bikini. "I see you've made yourself comfortable," I noted.

"Yes, it was so warm that the only thing I could think of wearing was either this or nothing," she replied with a naughty giggle.

"It seems that you made the wrong choice," was my snarky reply as I gave her a passionate wet kiss.

"I wasn't sure that you would reply to my text let alone come."

"I'm just curious. How did you find my number?"

"It wasn't difficult. When we were here last, you left your phone on the kitchen counter when you were sitting out on the deck. It told me its number." So I'm thinking, "This lady is far more clever, no, make that devious, at every turn, but why didn't I think to get her number?"

"So what made you want to have us meet again?"

"Well, for starters you are as good in bed as anyone I've ever fucked. Second, you give great oral, and third, you are the only guy who didn't flinch at the idea of having to give me an enema. By the way, did I ever tell you that you give a really good one?"

"No, you didn't, but I'm glad that my technique meets with your approval!" I said also now wondering how many guys have gotten to experience Martha in the bathroom, let alone the bedroom.

"Why don't you change out of that outfit and into a swimsuit. It's so hot that a dip in the lake sounds really enticing. I'll be on the deck waiting so don't take long."

A couple minutes later I had changed and went out on the deck. Martha wasn't there, but when I looked towards the lake, there she was lying on the dock sunbathing. After a short walk I joined her and noted that she had the bra to her bikini unfastened. "You are a slowpoke," she said rolling over and letting the bra fall off her chest. "What do you say we do a little skinny dipping? I haven't done it in years and it sounds so naughty," she added peeling off her bikini bottoms and slipping her body into the lake.

It sounded like fun and soon I had shed my swimsuit and joined Martha. On the hot humid day, the coolness of the lake was refreshing. Martha swam over to me, felt my man sack, and said, "I hope there's plenty in there for me."

"There should be, but there's only one way to find out," I replied feeling her totally shaved pussy and teasing her clit with my finger.

"You're something else, aren't you?" said Martha boosting herself back onto the dock, sitting on the very edge, and letting her legs dangle freely in the water. Her pussy was at just the right location so I kissed it. She was already anticipating my move and her feminine lubrication had started to flow. I thrust my tongue into her and was rewarded with the warm saltiness. Fortunately, the location of the dock was somewhat secluded because I had no sooner gotten out of the water and hoisted myself up on the dock when Martha reached over and pulled me towards her. She was lying on her side, spread her legs and by default I was positioned between them my now stiff member just sneaking into her waiting moist pussy. I reached around with both hands, squeezed her buttocks, and pulled her towards me, my penis entering her delicious nether region. While I wanted to waste no time in cumming in her, I knew that I should take things slow in order that she be able to reach climax, too. I didn't have long to wait before she was begging for me to cum.

There is never a reason to keep a lady waiting so I both fulfilled her desire and filled her pussy. Afterward she put her bikini back on and lowered herself into the lake again. "I think I need to cool off, but also need to rinse off," she said, again with that infectious naughty giggle of hers. I slipped my swimsuit back on and joined her.

We finished our brief swim, got out, and made our way up to the cottage. "Let's get out of these wet things," she said, "but I was serious about needing some help." By now Martha was standing there totally naked and, of course, my manhood made suitable recognition of that.

"That was a week ago. You still need help? I just can't imagine."

"Well, I know that each month I get PMS and along with it there can be serious constipation. Just so that you know, my period is due tomorrow. Since I've been on the pill it arrives like clockwork, but it also means that things have been sort of backed up for several days so guess what I really need this afternoon?"

"Well, it was a good thing that you left your enema bag here at the cottage," I said recalling how Julie had found it in the bathroom that morning a few months ago.

"Actually, I forgot to take it with me, but now I'm glad to know that it's here."

"I'm not saying that it's here because I have no idea if anyone has used this place since then. It has been summer and a perfect time for others to come to the lake."

"Yeah, but lots of homes have enema bags. Nobody is going to think twice about finding one, but maybe we should check just the same," said Martha heading for the bathroom. When she looked in the vanity under the sink, there was the bag even with the box it had come in. She took it out, handed to me, and ran the water at the sink. Then she disappeared into the bedroom, but when she returned she had a red rubber tube about 24" long and a tube of KY. "This makes things go better," she said showing it to me.

"What is it?"

"It's called a colon tube and it is for taking the most comfortable enemas ever. You'll get to see after I've had mine," she said and immediately my mind told me that eventually it would be my turn on the receiving end of this device. But now the water was warm and Martha filled the sink and floated the bar of Ivory that had been on the side. Some two to three minutes later she scooped the warm soapy water into the enema bag, attached the hose, and then attached the colon tube. "God, that thing is huge," I observed as she hung the bag from the wall hook. She told me that I had to lube her just like the last time, but also told me to lube the length of the tube since it would have to be slowly introduced up her anus. I nodded my understanding and she laid over my knees. The tube was introduced some five to six inches and the flow begun. Then I slowly twisted and pushed that tube further up inside of her. It didn't meet much resistance so I continued.

"This feels fine," she assured me. At this point I had inserted well over a foot of the tube and kept going. At about 18" I stopped, but was truly amazed. In the meantime, Martha seemed very content and comfortable as the enema bag continued to empty. 

About five minutes later the bag had completely emptied so I told Martha she was done, but she assured me that she was fine and would give the enema plenty of time to do its work. Maybe another five minutes passed and Martha finally told me to take the tube out. I put the enema bag in the sink and promptly exited since there are some things that just wind up being too much information.

I eventually heard the toilet flush and the bathroom door open. "Are you OK?" I asked.

"Couldn't be better, although just to be certain that I have all the soap out how about you giving me just a regular warm water enema? No tube this time either." Martha hadn't waited for my agreement before she replaced colon the tube with the regular nozzle and filled the bag with plain warm water. Everything and was ready before I knew what happened.

"Ready?" I asked.

"Ready," she replied and about 15 minutes later we had one squeaky clean Martha. As was the case with the last time, she was now horny. . . again. That was an easy enough problem to attend to. The next morning when we woke up it didn't surprise anyone when she discovered that she had gotten her period.

Still more to cum.