 He didn't even look up when the door opened.

"Cleaning service," she uttered in an obviously fake French accent.

Then he looked up and frowned, then looked confused.

"I gave them the night off," she answered the question before he could ask it, "It's Friday, who wouldn't want an early weekend!"

Before he could say anything else, she slipped off the long dress coat to reveal the French maid's outfit beneath. The short fluffy skirt barely covered her firm bottom, the neck of the ruffled top keeping her breasts firmly contained, the tops of the globes pressing invitingly upwards in a most teasing manner. Silk stockings encased her legs down to the stiletto heels. She pulled a feather duster out of her bag and posed just for a moment before walking over to his desk.

"After all, I can help with the filing and the cleaning," she continued the conversation as if she had not just caused him to be startled speechless, "And you've been complaining with Suzy gone on maternity leave nothing much is getting done," she ran the feather duster along his desk, then winked and set it down on the edge, "I'll just get to work then, shall I?"

Not waiting for him to respond, she turned to the stacks of filing. She was careful to bend from the waist so he got a teasing view of the lace thong when she picked up the stacks.

He swallowed tightly and tried to return to his work, but his watching his wife seemed to drag his attention away from legal jargon every time he tried to put his mind to the paper. He got in a total of one sentence (which he would probably have to re-write later) while she slowly and sensually filed the papers. He forced his gaze to the paperwork and then glanced up in time to find she had the dust rag and spray out and was doing a sexy dance along the bookshelves, rubbing each one slowly and carefully. His body told him exactly what he should be doing instead of this paperwork, but he resolutely tried to turn his attention back to the paperwork.

She hid a smile as she saw where his attention really was focused. She squatted to do the bottom shelves, moving her bottom in a most inviting manner. Once those shelves were done, she moved to the conference table, moving to the side facing his desk so he got a full view of her cleavage as she bent over to move the files scattered across it. Swaying carefully, she moved back to put the files up and then back to slowly polish the table to a perfect shine.

He wasn't' sure what he was writing at this point. He was sure it had more to do with the perfect cleavage he was gazing at than the legal document he was supposed to be writing. As he watched hungrily, she next pulled out glass cleaner and a fresh rag and moved to clean the full length window. The only light in the office was his desk light and he could see the reflection of her lovely cleavage in the window as he watched her bottom moving round and round to the motions of cleaning the glass.

"Forget it," he finally growled, knocking his chair back in his effort to get to her.

She was startled when he was suddenly behind her, pressing her to the glass, his hard (very hard) body pressed to her. He kissed her neck and ears as he slid his hands over her body. She gasped as his hands tugged on the laces of the costume and he pulled it to the floor, leaving her standing in front of the window in nothing but her thong, stockings, and stilettos. His hands roved over her naked skin, pausing to tweak the nipples, before stripping her of the thong.

She heard the sound of his zipper and then felt his hard cock at her entrance. She gasped as he pressed her harder against the glass and filled her with one hard stroke.

Then came only sensations. She felt the cold of the glass, saw the view of the city, felt his wonderful cock filling her over and over, his hands on her waist and hips, his lips and tongue on her neck. He felt her wet smooth channel gripping him as he pounded into her over and over again. He slipped his hands around to play with her clit, pulling her hips back from the glass just enough to do so. She gasped and shuddered and quickly spasm all over him. He growled and thrust harder and harder until his own climax roared through him. He pressed her against the glass even harder until his own spasms subsided.

They spent a moment gasping for breath. Then he stepped back and finished stripping his clothes off. Then he spun her around and kissed her deeply, tongues thrusting and reaching, hands all over each other. He lifted her up and slid her down his renewed errection and moved over to the desk. He lay her back and pulled back, pulling her legs over his shoulders. Then he thrust slowly, carefully, locking eyes with her. He filled his hands with her glorious breasts, thumbing roughly over the pert nipples. He felt another climax building slowly with his slow easy thrusts, timing the strokes across her nipples with the strokes of his cock. Then it built so hard he had to just hold on and thrust as hard and fast as he could until he filled her again and felt her own climax around him.

He pulled out and stumbled to the sofa, leaving her laying on the desk. He admired the site of her slit dripping with their combined cum and took note of the fact that it was completely smooth and clean. His cock waved in the air as if searching for more, also dripping with cum. He watched her beautiful breasts jiggle as she gasped for breath.

She sat up slowly, leaking cum all over his desk and admired the dripping wet cock waving in the air. Quickly she crossed the room to sit down facing him and hovered just above him.

"It looks cold," she offered.

"Needs a nice warm blanket," he responded, pulling her hips down until he was once more enveloped in her sheath, "Ride 'em, cowgirl."

She laughed and then took to as seriously as if it were any bucking bronco beneath her instead of her husband's sweet cock.

He filled his face with her breasts, licking and sucking any part of them he could, flicking his thumbs over the nipples until she cried out and shuddered around him. Still not close to his own climax, he kept going, keeping her riding him through her now waves of climaxes until he finally joined her. They collapsed together on the sofa in a tangle of limbs.

"Mmm," he murmured, "cleaning service doesn't usually get this good."

"I hope not," she sniffed, "This is the special service that comes for an extra fee."

"Oh? Hope I can afford it," he stroked her breast slowly.

She signed and wriggled against him, "Oh, you've paid it already, with a great big tip included."

"Oh, really? Well, I need to put you to some more work then," he moved to kneeling over her face, "Since you're ether cleaning lady for tonight, you've got a big chore right here."

She reached up to lick the dripping cum off of him, "Quite the job, looks like this will take the rest of the weekend."

"I certainly hope so," he thrust between her lips with a sign of pleasure, "I most certainly hope so!"