 My wife Emily and I have been friends with Jamie and Beth for many years. Emily and Jamie work together and Beth and I have become friends through that. We've always been pretty open about our sex lives and joke from time to time about certain habits and adventures. It's always kind of a turn on sharing stuff with them. I know Jamie has a thing for Em just as I have always fantasized about Beth. It's fun to know they may be thinking of us as more than co-workers or friends.

A few months ago Emily told me how Jamie revealed to her that he and Beth had visited a nude beach over the summer. I don't cross paths with Beth nearly as often as I used to so she hasn't entered my fantasies as much lately but this totally turned things around. I started looking up videos of nude beaches and imagining what the folks nearby must have thought as she stepped out of her clothes for all to see. Physically she's quite attractive. Tall, thin and blonde. Her breasts are somewhere around 34B and I can only imagine what things look like down there. But she also sometimes comes across as shy or demure so the idea of her doing something completely out of character was hard to get out of my head.

Fast forward to last week. I had arranged a few days off from work and planned to head north to do some hiking. I usually stay at a motel but our friend Lydia offered me the use of her condo. I'm always up for saving a few bucks so I accepted. I knew where the spare key was and headed up Monday evening. The drive up was uneventful but imagine my surprise when I pulled into the driveway and saw another car parked in front of the condo. Lydia didn't say anything about anyone else being at the condo and frankly I had been looking forward to having the place to myself. 

After parking and locating the key I knocked on the door and let myself in making as much noise as possible so as not to scare whomever may be inside. "Hellooooo... Anyone home?..." "Hey, there!" I heard from beyond the mud room. While I was disappointed that I wouldn't have the place to myself, I was quite excited when from around the corner Beth emerged still wearing her jacket.

"Hey, I hope you don't mind but I spoke to Lydia earlier today about using the condo and she said it'd be fine but that you were gonna be here as well. I actually just got here a few minutes ago. I hope I'm not spoiling your bachelor getaway?"

"Hah! No..." I stammered. "Not at all. That's totally cool. I'm really not even gonna be around. I waking up early tomorrow to hit the trail and will just be crashing here afterwards. I tend to fall dead asleep after a long day."

Beth has a small furniture business and was up here to deliver some items the next day. She went to say she too would be out much of the day but that we should make plans to catch up in the evening.

So while my plans of having the place to myself weren't going to pan out I was far from disappointed. It was the first time I'd seen Beth since hearing of her little nude beach adventure. I racked my brains trying to think of a casual way to bring up the topic but was at a loss. It's not like you can just say, "So I hear you're into skinny dipping..."

Beth told me she had already put her things in the master bedroom so I decided to take the room across the hall. As I passed by her door I could see some items poking out of her opened bag. I know I ran the risk of getting caught but I couldn't help myself from taking a peek. She was still downstairs and I would hear her coming up. 

After checking to make sure the coast was clear I stepped into her room. Apart from the usual toiletries I could see clothing underneath. Being careful to not move anything too far out of place I reached in and immediately pulled out a pair of light blue panties. It was the hottest fucking thing I'd ever seen in my life. I wished for a way to keep them in my room but I'm pretty sure she would have noticed something missing. Below that I could see there were some other softer items but before investigating further I heard footsteps coming up the stairs. I quickly threw the panties back to where I thought they were in her bag and retreated back into my own room.

Moments later Beth walk by and poked her head and my door. "Nice digs, huh?" "Yeah..." I replied. "And the price is just about right."

"Hey I was thinking about ordering a pizza for dinner. Any interest in joining me?"

"Sure. Order whatever you want and I can run out and pick it up."

Beth went into her room to grab her phone out of her bag. She didn't seem to notice anything awry so I had gotten away with one. She partially closed the door and I heard her calling in an order for us. She popped back out and told me it would be ready in 15 minutes. "Perfect.", I said. "I'll head out in 5 minutes. Mind getting some plates and drinks out?"

"You bet. What can I pour ya'?" I told her I would have whatever she was having, grabbed my wallet and headed back downstairs.

The whole time in the car I just kept thinking about how I had handled those cute little panties about which I have fantasized for years. I knew by the time I headed back home I was going to have to find a way to see what else was inside that bag of hers. 

By the time I got back Beth had changed into comfier clothes and set up shop on the couch in the family room. On the coffee table were plates, napkins and a couple of beers. I noticed an empty one on the kitchen counter so she was already one ahead of me. 

"I hope Lydia doesn't mind that I broke into their stash..."

"I can keep a secret if you can." She gave me a little wink. Something about her mannerisms let me know that she was already feeling a little tipsy.

There wasn't a whole lot on and we ended up watching a show about people who move to Alaska to get away from it all. The show was funny and had some interesting characters. As the episodes went by the beers kept flowing. By my 4th I was definitely buzzed and I could tell she was too.

"Have you ever thought what it would be like to live away in the woods with no neighbors?" Beth asked?

"Absolutely" I replied and continued without thinking, "I'd love to be able to do chores in the nude." What did I just say?!? Play it cool, man...

Beth burst out laughing. "Yeah wouldn't that be great! But you don't need to live out in the middle of nowhere to do that. I do that all the time."

"Oh really? Do tell..."

"Well let's just say your better call the next time you come over lest you catch me folding laundry in the buff. Or cooking dinner. Or pretty much anything else. Come to think about it I probably do spend a lot more time than is recommended without my clothes on."

"Well don't let me stop you around here. Your secret is safe with me!" We both laughed.

"Hey, I'm going to step into the ladies room. Grab you another cold one on my way back?"

"Sure. I'm not driving..."

As Beth got up from the couch and passed by me she put her hand on my shoulder and almost seem to pause for a moment. Maybe she was catching her balance but maybe it was something more.

Beth soon returned with two more brews. As she was about to sit down next to me I asked, "Hey I know they have a dart board downstairs. I'm kinda done with this show. Wanna play?"

"Sure though I'm really not that great. Or good for that matter."

I led the way down the stairs and turned on the lights. Looking back up the stairs I watched as Beth came around the corner, her long legs leading the way. She had on a pair of shorts, fluffy socks, and a long t-shirt. I couldn't tell what else was underneath but my mind raced back to her light blue panties.

"So what's your game? We can play cricket it you want. It's pretty easy and I can explain the rules as we go."

"Sounds good. Just don't take advantage of my poor dart throwing abilities."

After a few practice darts I explained the rules and off we went. My abilities had certainly fallen off on account of the drinks, as had Beth's. I won the first game but we lost track of the score midway through the second.

"Gah! It must be the beers" Beth gasped. "I'm pretty sure I closed out the 15's last turn but I never marked them."

She definitely had a wild look in her eyes and if I had any hopes of finding out what was underneath her shirt and shorts I had to make my move before I got too drunk.

"Tell ya' what - let's start over but this time we'll have more than bragging rights on the line so we make sure we keep score."

"Yeah, okay. So what are the stakes?"

"Well I'm not sure if I'll end up on top but how's about Strip Darts?" Once again, my mouth spoke before my brain.

To my surprise Beth laughed, "Oh sure! What the fuck? You were heading downhill in that last game so I'm pretty sure I'll be keeping my clothes..."

"Okay, so we'll say whenever one of us closes out a number the other person has to remove one article of clothing? Agreed?"

"Agreed. Now prepare to lose more than just your pride, mister!"

So began a new game but with more pressure on each throw than ever before. In my first two turns I closed out the twenties and with that Beth took off her socks.

"Big deal. My feet were getting kinda warm anyways..."

She closed the fifteens next and as such I took off my socks too. "Yeah, it is kinda warm down here." And it really was. I'd turned on the heat when we first came down but may have set it too high. Perhaps it was a combination of the alcohol, the pressure of the game and the heat but I sensed a little sweat forming on my brow.

I'm always good at nineteens and in just one throw they were done. "So what's it gonna be Sally?"

Beth kiddingly tugged at her shirt but instead reached under and pulled down her shorts. For a brief moment I caught a glimpse of something blue but couldn't be sure if she was wearing the panties I'd seen a couple hours before.

I was down to just my shirt and shorts and was not wearing underwear. Before I knew it, Beth closed out the sixteens and I was taking off my shirt.

"Okay, now things are getting serious so watch out." My next turn only garnered two eighteens and on her next turn Beth got one bullseye but nothing else.

Perhaps I was showboating but as I stepped up to take my next throw I looked at her in the eyes and said, "Hope you're not too chilly..." and launched a perfect throw in the final eighteen. 

I burst out with laughter. "Oh geez! I couldn't do that again if I had ten tries."

Beth got quiet but looked me straight in the eyes as she reached under her shirt and slowly pulled down a pair of light blue panties. She had to lean over and as she did I could tell there was no bra underneath. My dick must have shot up like a rocket but I adjusted my shorts to avoid showing off my tremendous hardon. After slipping them past her ankles she stood back up and then with a huge grin pulled them back like a slingshot and shot them right at me. I could tell she was still having fun.

We both laughed. It was her turn and her only recourse was to go for bullseyes or seventeens. Bullseyes are almost impossible and I knew I was a marksman with seventeens. To my delight, she missed. In a weird way I almost felt bad as I stepped up to the line knowing I was gonna nail the seventeens but by the way she was fidgeting with her shirt I kinda thought she wanted to take it all off.

The first dart went wide. The second dart just caught the edge of the seventeen box. As the third dart left my hand I knew this would be a night I would not soon forget.

Double seventeen.

"Ah, well then... It appears I have won the..." And before I could complete that sentence Beth was crossing her arms, reaching down to the bottom of her shirt and peeling it up and over her head. "Guess I lost, huh?" At first she seemed disappointed but before I could respond she reached over and laughing loudly, pulled down my shorts leaving us both completely naked.

"Didn't see that coming, huh?" Still laughing she picked up her clothes and started towards the stairs. My mind was racing a million miles a minute. I had maintained eye contact with Beth as she took off her last article of clothing and was kicking myself for not checking out her tits, pussy and everything else.

I would best describe her ascent up the stairs as a prance as I fumbled to grab my clothes and follow her up. Her long legs and fucking fantastic ass were a beacon leading the way.

Turning around at the top of the stairs she tossed her clothes towards the nearby bench and extended a congratulatory handshake. "Nice game, huh?"

Still holding my clothes in my left hand, I extended my right, shook her hand and ever so slightly pulled her closer. With nothing else to say I offered, "Well this is definitely not how I thought I'd spend my night."

Looking back at me with 'fuck me' eyes Beth replied, "Me neither... But the night is young!" and in an instant she ducked around the corner into the kitchen to grab a couple waters out of the fridge.

As dumbfounded as I was with the turn of events, Beth was completely comfortable with our nakedness which included my raging hardon so there was nothing I could do but go along with it. She said nothing as she walked by and handed me my water. Then as if to tease she looked over her shoulder and took a sip, letting a few drops dribble down her chin, neck and eventually over the beautiful tits at which I could not stop staring. Perky as a 34Bs could be.

"Cat got your tongue?"

"Not really. I just always figured it would take more than a game of darts to get you naked."

Beth laughed and turned towards the living room. "It certainly did get hot in here. Almost too hot..." She hiccupped as she sat down on the couch, leaning back and putting her feet up. At that moment I could tell that she wanted more than for us to dabble in a little exhibitionism. 

I sat down on the couch just next to her feet. Glancing down at my cock then back at her I admitted, "Hey, I can't help it..."

"Oh don't worry. To be honest I may not have given it my best effort in that last game. I've been quite horny ever since I found out that you went through my bag..."

"Hey, I can..." I began to explain myself but she interrupted.

"No need to. I left my door open on purpose. And I could hear you walking in my room while I was downstairs. In fact Lydia told me you might be coming up and well..."

"Well what?"

"Do you remember that party you had at your house a few years ago when I wore those black boots?"

"Do I remember?!? Are you kidding?!? You looked fucking hot! I think I may have even told you so but maybe not in those exact words."

"You did. And I remembered too. And do you remember how I wore almost that exact same outfit to Em and Jamie's work party a few weeks later? That was well... That was for you..."

My heart started beating even faster as I realized that this evening had been a long time in the making in her mind.

"You know it's not too often that I hear someone other than Jamie tell me they think I look hot and that really stuck with me. It was quite the turn on..." As she was speaking she sunk back further into the couch, leaned her head back slightly and began to slowly touch the side of her breast.

That was all I needed to see. I sat up and moved closer towards her as she closed her eyes. I knelt down on the floor, placed my left hand on her hip and the other on her hand that was now circling her nipple. I leaned in and wrapped my lips around the tightest little 34B it had ever been my pleasure to enjoy.

"Mmmm... That feels nice." She began to bend her right knee which offered up a up close and personal view of her completely bare pussy. What a naughty girl.

As I continued to lick her left nipple and then the right, my left hand began to trace that most beautiful of curves from the hip right down to her perfectly smooth pussy. Never in my wildest dreams did I ever think I'd find myself in this situation. With virtually zero resistance I slipped my left index finger into Beth. She wriggled just a bit and then began to rock her hips ever so slightly, letting me know she was enjoying herself.

"Oooo... That feels so fucking good..." With her other hand she began to guide my head away from her tits and down her chests. I knew where she wanted me and I was more than happy to oblige. As I moved back down her body, I slid her left leg off the couch giving me full access to her sex.

Now I've gone down on women many times before but never on someone completely bare. It was amazing and was all I could to do to not cum as I'd started jerking off with my right hand. Beth's breathing began to get faster as her hips began to move more forcefully onto my darting tongue. "Oh, Joel... Mmmm... I don't want you to stop but I don't want to cum just yet... Come up here..."

Beth sat up and guided me up to my knees at which point she leaned over and took my cock in her mouth. Jamie had kidded before about Beth giving great blow jobs but I never knew it could feel so good. She alternated between taking my full length into her mouth and then licking the bottom of my shaft. With her other hand she fondled my balls all the while tilting her head and staring directly into my eyes. It was all I could not to cum. 

"Do you like watching me suck your cock? Mmmm... It seems so dirty..."

"You better believe I like watching. But you better slow down or I'm gonna shoot my load all over your face..."

"Well that would be a shame. Maybe you should sit up here on the couch..." Beth paused her blow job, sat up and made room for me to sit down next to her. Then she stood up in front of me, leaving nothing to the imagination. "I can't believe I'm saying this but Joel, I want you to fuck me right now..."

I leaned forward, grabbed her by the waist and guided her over to me. She knelt down on the couch, straddling me and then ever so slowly sat down on my lap. At first she just slid back and forth letting my cock stay in full contact with her clit. She began touching her breasts with both hands. Then with the slightest of adjustments in her posture she slid up one more time but this time let my cock ease inside her tight little pussy. 

I stared in amazement at the sight of my shaved cock gliding in and out of Beth's clean pussy. What we were doing was so wrong but no guilt could overcome the pleasure we both felt. We fucked like this minute. Maybe two? Maybe ten. Until I told her to stand up and turn around. I wanted her to ride me reverse cowgirl to which she happily agreed. In this position both our hands made their way down to her throbbing pussy and my bulging cock. She fondled my sack while I rubbed her clit. With every thrust we each came closer to climaxing. The heat of the room and the skin on skin and heavy breathing had us both sweating.

"Oh fuck, Joel. I'm gonna... I'm gonna..." And with that I felt her vagina contract, gripping my dick so tightly that I was unable to hold back any more. My orgasm forced out what felt like a quart of cum right inside my naughty friend's cunt. Both our bodies tensed up as we were overcome with intense pleasure.

As our movement slowed to a halt our bodies slid together dripping with sweat and sex. I had just fucked the girl I had fantasized about for years. That night gave me all the jerk off material I thought I'd ever need.

"Oh my god, Joel... I can't believe we just had sex... I'd say I feel guilty but you are too fucking hot. You know I do have my appointments tomorrow morning but if you can wait, perhaps I might join you on your hike? It might be fun..."

"Oh Beth, you'd better believe it..."