 Readers: there may be some of you who notice this isn't the original version. I changed the characters a bit and cleaned up my writing a little, but I assure you, the story is in its heart the same. All the series with formerly Jason and Marea (now Mark and Lily) will also change to fit it. I just was dissatisfied with my writing style (author's constant process of trying to improve self). I also felt my characters needed to have a slightly different look and feel to them to them. Their personalities have completely evolved in my head to be different than I had planned so I've changed them very slightly in appearance to suit how I imagine them. Please enjoy. It's still the same couple; you'll see. 

----

Mark had been antsy the entire week. His balls were blue and his brain was buzzing with a plan. He had found one of the keys to their room's lock, and placed it in his wallet. Night after night, he burst through the door to the apartment, hoping to see satin and lace, knowing that Lily was too mischievous to resist donning the costume again. She was still avoiding sexual contact with him, and he didn't know how he had managed to remain patient for an entire week.

One night his patience was rewarded. He flung the door open quickly as usual and bit his lip as he felt the blood rush straight to his groin. Somehow the sight of white frills framing Lily's ass never failed to capture his attention. She had been bending over to pick up a stack of books that had been placed on the floor (probably for this sole purpose), and the satin panties were now a satin thong, the band of fabric running in between her cheeks just as frilled as the crinoline fluffing into a gauzy halo. She picked up the books slowly and began to stand up when she felt a warm firmness from behind. Mark had wasted no time dashing to her side and undoing his pants. His long and already firm shaft was pushed against her left ass cheek and his hands were eagerly roving over and squeezing her full bodice. 

Lily laughed to herself as she moved to bend down quickly and place the books back on the floor. Just as she was about to set them down, she yelped and dropped them with a loud thud. Mark's hand had already moved and swiftly guided his stiff cock to ease into her. Mark gasped and closed his eyes. He was expecting her to be wet, but not this wet. Her walls fluttering around him made him roughly grab her hips as he felt the crinoline of the pushed-aside thong tickling his pubic bone. His nails raked along her lower back as he pushed the hem of her dress way up. He felt the garters and stockings on her legs brush against him and he began to forcefully buck hard. He'd been teased twice in a week and a half and not been given a chance to fuck her. His body was shaking as it instinctively and greedily entered her hard, groaning softly as his hard length began to move in and out of the hot wet heaven of Lily's pussy. 

"Ooh, Mark," Lily murmured and bit her lip, one hand blindly groping for the wall or anything else to steady herself with. She sighed as Mark paused for a moment, remembering his manners, to wrap his arms around her torso to help her keep her balance. Lily herself was barely able to hold herself up with Mark's help. Her eyes refused to open as she whimpered with every thrust into her, her moans mixing with his. It had been a week and a half since she had first donned the costume, and two weeks since she and Mark had actually had sex. Although sudden, the penetration was more than welcome. Mark pulled her torso up to fully lean against him, and held her close as he walked her carefully to the couch. His pants were still around his ankles and Lily's heels were wobbling as they manoeuvred, making the journey a little perilous. Laughing, she pressed against him and mentally applauded herself for choosing a pair of heels the right height to keep his cock sheathed inside her. 

"Ungh, Lily," Mark was panting and began to fumble with her neckline as he pressed her against the back of the small loveseat-style couch. Uncovering her soft breasts, he grabbed them immediately, pinching and pulling at them as he pressed her into the couch to keep himself buried to the hilt inside of her. The soft moans of encouragement leaving Lily's lips escalated in volume as his mouth began to suckle her neck gently. He quickly yanked off his shirt and pushed her dress up over her hips, looking down to watch their coupling. He nudged her legs open with his knees and grabbed her hips with his hands, refusing to let go lest she run away again. He fidgeted as he moved and felt his shaft wiggle deep inside the velvety vise gripping his cock. Lily purred as she felt the hard shaft press into her front wall and bucked against him, moving her hips up and down and fucking him gently with small movements.

"Fuck!" Mark growled and leaned into her, willing himself to ignore the burning need in his groin, but Lily's slick heat was gripping and sliding smoothly along him as he felt her ass grind into him and her hips gyrate with every move. He suddenly moved backward to break her leverage against the couch, roughly grabbing and taking her hips with him. He pushed Lily's torso down and moved her dress and crinoline up to below her bust, exposing smooth skin pressed against his and contrasting with the dark satin of the pushed-aside thong. Admiring the view for a few seconds, he stroked his hands along her lower back, massaging the soft skin and curving his hands down to cup her hips and stroke her stomach below him. Lily looked over her shoulder at him and cooed, smiling softly. Mark leaned over her, cupping her swaying breasts and squeezing the taut nipples as he kissed the skin of her shoulder blades, savouring the small lull.

Lily refused to let him pet her softly for too long. On other occasions, she would have loved soft kisses and gentle touches, but now she wanted him to fuck her. She wiggled her hips slightly and squeezed her muscles around Mark's cock buried inside her for all she was worth. She heard a grunt come from behind her and felt Mark's arms around her tense. With the next squeeze, she smiled as he bucked into her firmly. 

Mark's head was swimming. As she clenched around him, he felt his cock twitch inside her and began to buck his hips hard, pounding into her and groaning at the feeling of hot wetness he'd missed for two weeks. Lily whimpered as his fingers found her slippery, needy clit and began to pleasure the swollen nub. Gasping, she tried to pull away from him, but only succeeded in planting herself into the couch and being fucked hard against it as he followed her back. 

"Wait, Mark, wait..." her voice sounded desperate. 

"What?!" Mark forced his hips to stop moving and looked at the back of her tousled head with a mixture of concern and frustration.

"Sit on the couch... I want to try something," she looked over her shoulder at him and licked her lower lip before teasing it with her teeth. 

"Oh no you don't, you little tease," Mark pounded back into her hard and suddenly, pulling her close and wrapping his arms around her waist. He nipped at her neck and nuzzled his way up to her ear before engulfing it in his mouth. 

"Aah -- aah, no, no!" Lily writhed and whimpered desperately, "I promise not to run again! You'll like it!"

Mark considered her statement, and knowing he had the key if she did run off, backed off and watched her suspiciously. "You'd better not be lying, Lily, or else you're getting a spanking."

She grinned and grabbed his hand, pulling him around to sit on the couch she had just been pressed up against. She removed his socks and pants that were still around his ankles, leaving him completely naked. She pushed his shoulders gently, getting him to lie down. Grinning, she pulled the crinoline out from under her skirt and discarded it on the floor, kicking off her heels in the process. Crossing her arms in front of her, she pulled off the little babydoll dress and stood in front of Mark clad in her lingerie. She removed the skimpy satin thong and dropped it on the pile of fabric, leaving her breasts pushed up and out of the bra and her legs clad in white stockings and lacy garters. She lifted a foot to place it on the couch next to his chest, exposing her centre to him. Pinching her nipples, she eyed him for a moment. 

Mark looked at her just as hungrily as his firm cock quivered against his body. It was resting hard against his abdomen, and was still glistening from being inside her. He reached out to run a hand up her leg, stroking her smooth butt and giving it a rough squeeze. His hand trailed forward to insert a finger into her swollen lips, feeling slick wetness engulf it as he nudged the pad of his finger against her clit. He watched Lily's eyelids close and heard her gasp as he trailed it gently back and forth along her slit, teasing her softly. 

When Lily opened her eyes, she flushed pink and licked her lips at the sight of Mark. Grinning, she moved quickly and straddled his face, leaning over him and reaching out with her tongue to lick his cock slowly. She purred as he caught on, feeling his arms wrap around her thighs to hold her to him and his tongue begin to explore her folds. She heard his moan as she wrapped her lips around the swollen head of his cock and began to suck, happy that he didn't protest this arrangement.

Mark immediately began flicking his tongue at her clit. He wanted her to cum for him and then he wanted to fuck her. It was an unspoken rule between them that this was a race to see who would cum first, and he wanted to explode buried to the hilt in her pussy, and not in her mouth again. He knew he would have to work fast, as he didn't know how long he could hold out. Lily had already started sucking his cock like her life depended on it, and he hadn't exactly been getting a lot of attention lately. He adjusted his head and searched her folds for her clit. He spread her lips with his fingers to expose it and draw it out of its hood, and attacked it with his tongue for all he was worth. 

Lily screamed and let go of his cock to pant and writhe on his face. Mark grinned to himself and held on as she squirmed on him, trying to get the direct stimulation away from her clit. Groaning, Lily frantically wriggled against him; the feel of her clit being played with directly was almost too much. The hypersensitive nerves were firing bolts of pleasure through her and she bucked with every touch of his tongue. She frantically tried to distract him by sucking his balls into her mouth, by grazing her teeth along his shaft, by pumping her fist on his cock, but Mark just spanked her bottom pressed into his nose and gripped her thighs tighter, desperately trying to hang onto his last shred of control. 

They were both hanging on by threads, and Mark was determined to push Lily over the edge before she got to him. He knew she was close. Her sucking had become more erratic and she had resorted to gripping his cock with her fist. She was barely pumping it anymore, but she was trembling, and he could feel her feet twitching and her toes curling next to his head. There were a few seconds of sudden silence from Lily, and Mark smiled to himself as he felt her entire body tense. He sucked on her clit hard and refused to back down as he wriggled his tongue over it and rubbed against the most sensitive hidden part of it. He slid one hand over her ass and nudged the very fingertip of his little finger into her tightest hole and waited.

The screaming and shaking that racked Lily's body was more intense than Mark had ever seen before. His face was wet with her onslaught of juices and he gasped as she valiantly tried to lick the head of his cock as she pumped it with her fist. As she did so, Mark realized he was going to explode also if he wasn't careful. His refused to move his tongue from her clit, and tried to will the churning in his balls to go away. The muscles in his pelvis began to flutter, and he moaned as the last few pumps of Lily's fist made his hips buck up. 

He gritted his teeth but it was no use; his own explosion followed hers and a thick rope of hot cum splashed onto her face as he made guttural moans of his own. The next stream was stopped from going too far by her lips clamping down on the head. Her tongue lapped at the sensitive underside as his cock jerked in her mouth. They were a sight, each of them writhing and moaning together on the couch and trying desperately to keep the stimulus on the other going. Mark gave up first and threw his head back, panting hard as his body forced the last few spurts of cum from his twitching cock. 

Lily moaned and began to lick up all that she could find. Lapping at the base of Mark's cock, she was still quivering and the hot puffs of air from Mark's pants were hitting her wet centre directly. Taking the semi-hard shaft into her mouth, she sucked on it gently and noted that it was rising to full hardness again. Mark groaned and let his arms fall to his sides, squirming underneath her at the sensations. 

Lily saw her chance. She sprung up with what Mark noted to be an amazing amount of energy and grabbed her things piled on the floor clumsily, dropping the thong soaked with her juices. She ran to the bedroom and the door shut, leaving Mark alone in the room with a hard-on for the third time in two weeks.

This time, Mark caught his breath, smiled to himself, and slowly and leisurely got up from the couch. Picking up the thong, he closed his eyes and brought it to his nose. The familiar scent of Lily was all over it. Licking his lips, he realized it was all over him, too. He chuckled aloud and moved to his discarded pants. He retrieved the key from his wallet and eyed it, visions of what he was going to do to the naughty tease in his bedroom flashing through his mind. Should he spank her? Tie her down and tease her? He had to make up his mind quickly.

Smiling to himself, he walked over to the bedroom door, throbbing erection proudly leading the way. Gripping the wet panties in one hand, he used the other to fit the key in the lock and unlocked it with a click. 

"You're so in for it!" he chuckled to himself as he pushed the door open.