 Chadwick knew it was the day for the cleaning lady. Pearl came Tuesday without fail, making his messy home clean and shiny once again. This miracle occurred every week and he loved it. He lived in squalor the rest of the time, but Tuesday night was his night to inhale deeply and enjoy his home.

Pearl was due within the hour. She was a sweet, old woman who had cleaned his house for some time. She was polite and friendly, somewhat "old world" in her mannerisms. She always wore clothes that were large and baggy, and covered her body, as if she didn't believe in exposing her skin to light. She did her work efficiently, keeping a schedule in her head. Although she had been his housekeeper for over a year, Chad really didn't know much about her. She was not one for idle chatter. He knew she had a vague accent, and was a good worker, taking pride in her work. She did all that was expected of her and never left without finishing everything. 

Chad had come to wealth early in life. He had a great idea for a business venture and had invested his entire savings. Luckily, it was a bigger success than even he had anticipated. So now, he was a young mogul, making money and enjoying life. At 30, Chadwick was a stable, well-established member of the business community. He owned his home and lived a very full life. Usually. Usually, Chad was gone on Tuesdays, involved in his business, returning in time to pay Pearl and compliment her on a job well done. Today, all his plans had gone awry. His lunch date had a pressing appointment and cancelled. His afternoon client was sick. The bookkeeper was not ready to go over the month's receipts. Finally, in desperation, Chad called his playboy brother, Evan. He was always good for a fun time. But Evan's latest girlfriend had actually stayed the night and was already planning their day together. He was smitten and in no mood to leave his own apartment.

Frustrated, Chad spent the morning at the computer. He did some online transactions, answered some email, even played some games. Then he thought of a website he had heard about, LITEROTICA.COM. He typed in the name and waited to see what was so great about the site. He was greeted by the pen and ink drawing of a lovely lady. He scrolled down the screen, taking in all the links. He clicked his way to stories and picked a few to read. He read a beautiful love story by GTI, then a well-crafted novella by MILTONE, and then looked around for some good, smutty stories. He scanned stories, skipping around, enjoying the world of erotica. He was a little surprised to find that he was very aroused. His cock was throbbing in his jeans, aching for release. His hand rested in his lap, just putting light pressure on his dick, on the sensitive underside. As he flipped to the photo section, he realized he was going to need some release and soon.

Chadwick tried ignoring the problem. He clicked off the website and returned to mindless games, but it did no good. His cock was stiff and throbbing, the images he had seen and read alive in his head. He knew he had to deal with his erect cock. He went to his bedroom, which would be the last room cleaned, and stripped down to his form fitting briefs. His leaking cock had left a wet spot on the fly, the angry red head was pushing against the elastic waist. He ran his hand up and down the shaft, enjoying the sensation. His fingers slipped into the waistband, touching the wet head and circling the velvety skin. He grabbed the phone and stretched out on the bed, thinking at least he could share the pleasure. He quickly dialed Becky, his regular phone sex pal, to see if she wanted to play. She answered on the second ring, and he could sense her smile when she heard his voice. She told him she was too busy to play, but would love to join him another time. Then her voice lowered and became softer as she asked, "What are you wearing?" To Chad, this sounded promising, and he quickly described his state of undress and the condition of his trusty cock. "He is dripping for you now, Becky," he said.

Becky began spinning scenarios of what they could do IF they had time. Chad could feel his cock swelling at the suggestiveness in her voice. God, her voice was made for sex. Chad could often get aroused just remembering things she had said or shared with him. The sound of her coming was captivating. As he ran his hand up and down the shaft, anticipating a fun time with Becky, she told him she really needed to go and he heard the click of dashed hopes.

He was lying across his bed, his hand lightly massaging his hard cock. He was just realizing that he was alone in this and, if he was going to get relief, he would have to rely on himself. He stood and removed the tight briefs and then got comfortable, building a pillow nest for himself, his hand tightly wrapped around his engorged cock. He closed his eyes and began the slow massage he preferred. His palm would slide over the head, gathering precome for lubricant, then slide down the shaft, circling slowly with his fist.

He heard a sharp intake of breath and looked up to see Pearl standing beside the bed, a look of amazement on her face. "You are a very bad man, Mr. Chad. You should not be doing that, it is wrong!", she scolded.

Her eyes were wide opened as she watched his hand continuing its caress. Chad was unable to stop now. Pearl looked at him, at his huge cock and lifted her hand in the air. She brought it down on his ass, telling him to stop, to stop immediately, that this was not a good thing. 

Chad felt the spank, felt the heat, and it hardened his cock further. She brought her tiny hand down repeatedly, reddening the skin and making Chad incredibly hard. His body tensed for the next contact, but instead of spanking him again, her hand rested on his firm right cheek, almost tenderly. Her eyes remained on his cock, moving up and down with his stroking palm. Her face was flushed, her eyes bright. She walked around the bed, sitting gingerly on the other side, still watching him pleasuring himself. She pulled a pillow close and stretched out across from him. Chadwick looked into her face and realized he had misjudged her age, finding her much younger than he originally thought. As she relaxed on the bed, her skirt rose up, exposing very shapely legs in heavy brown hose. Chad wondered what else he had missed, how many errors he had made in his judgement of her. 

Chadwick looked into her eyes. He saw desire there, he saw need. "Would you like to watch, Pearl? Just watch, no touching or involvement on your part. I would like it very much if you would stay and let me touch myself for you." 

Pearl continued to watch his hand and his cock, a small smile on her face. She was lying across from him, her breathing rapid, her mouth slightly opened. She tentatively reached out with one hand and touched his fingers. She was growing flushed, her eyes glistening. Chad suggested she remove a layer of clothing, for her own comfort. She unbuttoned and removed the outer sweater, remaining completely covered. She reached for his fingers again, but miscalculated, touching his turgid cock instead. She was completely still, a look of shock on her face as she felt the hot, firm flesh. Chad asked if she had ever felt the need to pleasure herself, if she enjoyed the release. Pearl looked at him, turned bright red, and slowly nodded, her eyes downcast in embarrassment. He tried to tell her that it was nothing wrong with it. It was a natural need, and one that everyone had. Her hand was still resting on his cock, burning the skin with its warmth.

Chad considered his next move for a moment and then decided to go all the way with this. Smiling at Pearl, he said," Would you like to show me while I show you? I won't touch you, I promise. It would just be some fun between friends."

To Chad's amazement, Pearl nodded her head again. She sat on the side of the bed and began removing items of clothing. Her back was to him, but he saw her hands, surprisingly young and attractive, reaching for buttons and zippers and ties. Her clothes melted off, layer after layer, until Chad was looking at a slender, delicate spine and a long, elegant neck. She was tiny. He guessed she must have worn 4-5 layers of clothing to hide her beauty. He reached out and traced her spine, feeling her shiver at his touch. "Lie back with me, please. I won't touch you again, I just want to look, then let you watch me."

Once again, Pearl surprised him by obeying. She was beside him, but not near him. Her hand caressed her neck, slowly sliding down her pale skin, moving between her full breasts, running a finger up and down her sensitive skin. Both hands hovered over her breasts, teasing her nipples, making them distended and puffy. They were a lovely shade of rose, capping her firm orbs beautifully. She closed her eyes and began teasing them, pulling them up and pinching them between her fingers. Chad watched them swell even more, as if the abuse was exactly what they needed. He wished he hadn't promised not to touch. He could hear a soft moan deep in Pearl's throat, a needy little cry.

Now she turned to him and smiled. "Your turn," she said. Chad turned on his back, reaching for his softly furred chest, running his fingers over the matting. His fingers touched his nipples and he found himself jumping with the jolt running through him. He imitated her, pulling and pinching and found the feelings quite enjoyable. His nipples were erect and achy as he ran his palms over them. 

He stopped and turned to face her once more. She nodded and moved her little hands down her tummy, playing a game around her belly button, circling and twirling. Her fingers reached her curlies and she seemed content to caress them, comb them with her tiny fingers, letting the hair circle her finger tips. She would pull the hair out straight and then let it spring back. Her curlies were glossy and dark, and Chad could inhale her scent even across the bed. After a few minutes of this, she grinned and turned back to him.

Chadwick could hear the lyrics of one of his favorite songs in his head, "Anything you can do, I can do better....". He smiled and reached down his muscled abdomen and reached his long, silky hair. No curls for him. But he combed it with his fingers and enjoyed the sensation of his fingertips moving on his skin. Glancing at Pearl, he noticed she was enthralled by his actions. She still had not spoken, just engaged in this game with him, teasing him.

Now it was her turn again. Lying on her back, she opened her thighs and allowed him to look at her lovely mound. Then, she slowly reached down and spread the lips open, revealing the most beautiful pinkness Chad had ever seen. Her scent filled the air, arousing him even further. Her fingers moved into the pinkness, sliding up and down, making that delicious wet sound. Up and down she moved the fingers, occasionally plunging them deep into her pussy, but always continuing on her way again soon. She circled her clit, closing her eyes and moaning with each touch. Her hips moved now, up and down, imitating the fucking she wanted. Finally, she removed her shiny little fingers and offered them to Chad. He leaned forward and sucked them into his mouth, enjoying the sweetness of her.

She turned on her side, her head supported by her hand and looked at him. "Anything you can do, indeed!" Chad moved his hand down, capturing his cock and wrapping his fist around it. He liked to move the skin up and down the shaft, rather than his hand, and he began to do that. His other hand slipped below his balls, cupping them and massaging them gently. His hips began the dance too, moving up and down, seeking a home. Finally, he ran his finger over the head, gathering precome and offering it to Pearl. He found it incredibly sexy when she opened her pretty lips and sucked his finger deep into her mouth.

The game continued. They moved from back to side repeatedly, each showing off for the other. Pearl was smiling now as she touched herself, almost anxious to display her charms. She turned to her back, spreading her legs, making love with her fingers to her sweet pussy. Once she even turned on her tummy, with her ass in the air, and moved her fingers from pussy to ass with a seductive movement.

Finally, the inevitable occurred. They turned on their sides at the same time, coming in actual contact. His face was near hers. Her mouth was brushing his. The kiss had to happen. They slowly came together, lips touching gently and purely. Then, his tongue slipped out, washing her lips. Her tongue reached out to him, pulling him back into her hot mouth. They teased and played with each other, until more was necessary. Chad moved closer, just a little. Pearl rolled further, a small amount. They found themselves touching full length. She could feel his hard cock on her tummy. He could feel her curlies on his thighs. Her nipples pressed against his chest, hard and hot. They kissed and touched each other. His hand now reached for her delicate spine and traced the fragile skin. Her hands caressed his back and shoulders, sliding down to his tight ass. Looking into his eyes, Pearl lifted her left leg and draped it over his right hip, opening herself to him, inviting him into her pink, needing him there. His cock was so ready. Together they reached down and guided his erect dick into her, both smiling at the sensations. She felt full. He felt wrapped in warmth and softness.

Their hips began moving once again, this time the rhythm was perfect. In and out, up and down, back and forth, he made love to her. Her moans filled his head and he wanted, more than anything, to please her. His breath was fast, irregular, as he concentrated on making this wonderful for Pearl. He thrust into her, deeper and deeper. Her leg wrapped around him, pulling him closer to her, making him a part of her. He felt her tensing, saw her eyes close and her mouth purse with concentration. Then it happened. He felt the spasms starting all around his cock, throbbing and pulsing. He felt her legs lock around his waist, holding him in place. Her nipples hardened even more, pressing into his chest. The absolute best part was watching her face as the orgasm rippled through her. Her eyes fluttered and her mouth pulled tight. She cried out, her hands clutching his back, his name filling the air. 

She looked so beautiful, so happy, he couldn't help himself. As he felt her pulsations around his cock, Chad knew he would come soon. He thrust deeply one more time then felt his balls emptying into her, filling her. She rode through his orgasm, her warmth holding him securely. Finally, he was empty and exhausted. He continued to hold her as she remained wrapped around him. They kissed one more time and smiled. 

Tuesday had become their favorite day.