 They had just gotten back to their tent from a pleasant, peaceful walk. Hand in hand, they had wanted a break from everything, and that is exactly what they got. There were no phone calls, no e-mails. They even left their radio on the kitchen counter before they left, a last minute ditch to make room for the cooler. They were continually amazed by the lack of traffic and hustle of normal days. Yes. This is what they needed for a long time.

It was late spring, and everywhere around them sang out bright with all the life and brilliance they could never have imagined. Trees were bountiful with shade from the heat, and they even came across the occasional wild flower. Some were purple. Some were Yellow. Oddly enough, he forgot about the old "leaves of three" rule, but was narrowly rescued as she yanked on his shirt in a fear-laden desperation to "save his life." They loved each other more and more as time went by. This was their gift to each other, a week together where nobody could bother them.

As they arrived back at their camp, they pulled their bags a couple yards from a fire and had lunch. A fresh catch as some berries was the menu this evening. Oh! That fish barely fit in the pan, but it cooked up fabulously. All the while, they could barely stop looking at each other and giggling like teenagers. An occasional kiss and smile was their reward for nothing other than togetherness.

They took some time to snuggle against a nearby tree, and he looked up and then asked her with as much poise and cordiality as he could muster without laughing, "Ma'am, would you like to view the sunset from your usual spot?" "Why, yes. That would be lovely." She quickly kissed him once more before opening his arms and raising to her feet.

Taking hands they followed their path to the west edge of the trees, and sat on their boulder. The ground became an open plain to their front, and the sky had all the colors that they could never name. The sun's movement was barely attainable, but its colors were breathtaking. From yellow, to orange, to crimson, to red, she couldn't look away. For just a moment in time, she was once again a child. She then looked into the arms of her man as a tingle washed over her body, forcing her to smile and tear at the same time. He could only hold her closer and smile as if he were falling in love her each and every day all over again.

They made their way back to camp in the romantic twilight of the dusk. They talked about everything that came to mind -- the birds, the clouds, tomorrow's breakfast -- but he could see in her a woman that had so much more on her mind. With that thought, he stopped and lifted her by her hips, placing her atop the nearby boulder and looking up to her eyes with all the love he ever knew. She placed her hands under his chin and lifted his face to the softest of kisses that stole his breath and limbered his body into putty. As her eyes opened, she again laughed at the effect and control that only she had. He trembled as his eyes opened and once again saw the loving face of the perfect woman, her hair blowing gently with the breeze, and her smile that told him more than he ever knew.

With that thought, he lowered her back to the ground and they continued until they reached their camp. He tidied up the place and they sat together on their sleeping bags as the sky grew darker and darker. In the distance a slight roll of thunder made its presence felt. As he stood to get into the tent before the shower, she took his hand with a feather grip. "No." She paused. "Stay here." She paused again as she looked deep into his eyes so gently. "...with me."

He sat down and kissed her with all the passion he had as he pulled her closer and closer. She returned it with her warm embrace around his neck and the most sensual, slow, mouthing kiss. She continued this kiss as he lowered her to her back and laid down beside her. Neither of them had any reason to open their eyes. Their hands searched all over each other -- embracing, massaging, rubbing, holding, searching, and as the first drops were heard against the leaves, neither of them paid it any attention. Rather, they smiled and welcomed it.

His hand began under her shirt, as the first lonesome drip landed squarely on her midrift. The chill awakened her with a jolt. Drop after drop found its way throught the forest canopy. Their clothes went from wet to damp to saturated in the span of half an hour, but it was disregarded. He kissed her and gently laid her to her back on the now-soaked sleeping bag. Then he started kissing down her body. The rain dripping from him to her. Her fingers gripping into his saturated hair. Lower and lower he kissed. Closer and closer he kissed. As the night became dark he nuzzled into her sex through her shorts sending her into a dizzying sexual hunger. Her legs opened without effort, welcoming him deeper and deeper. Her body went limp as her head fell to the ground and her eyes rolled closed.

His hands slid under her legs and opened her just slightly wider, so perfectly close to the threshold of pain. He lifted her legs skyward and peeled her clothing off her legs which landed nearby with a sloshing sound. Without hesitation, he reopened her legs and lowered his mouth to her sex, beginning the most sensual, erotic mouthing she would ever know. She continued to lay, feeling the, now, near-torrential shower and the loving desire build inside her that she had never known before.

His gentle mouthing moved all over her sex. As darkness set in, only the sillouette of his head could be seen. His tongue slid perfectly inside her, tasting her inner delicate walls. He tenderly mouthed her clit with a dripping slurp which made her entire body spasm. Not once, however, did he try to speed up. He was certain that this was the night he was waiting for. "Just lay back, Sweetie, and leave everything to me."

He knelt back to her sex and continued to satisfy her as deeply as possible. Their moaning was muffled by the pounding of rain over their bodies. Such a perfect downpour it was. As it cleansed their bodies, a gentle thunder rolled over them. Her skyward view only saw an occasional flash met with the most tender kisses of raindrops over her as he slowly chewed deeper and deeper into her saturated sex.

Time and time again his pace picked up. As her body reach that delicate tightness, he slowed, balancing her so teasingly on the brink of orgasm. She screamed wanting it so much, but as he looked up into her dripping eyes and smiled, she knew that something more was in store. Again, he teased her closer and closer, but only to stop short of what she wanted most. Her hands reached for his head in desperation. "DO IT," she begged. "God! Do it." Her wrists were quickly grabbed and pinned to her sides as he continued his neverending titilation.

Nearly and hour passed in the rain in this position. Her legs draped over his back. Her entire body electrified with the passion of the most natural of love-making. She was lifeless to retaliate. The darkness now engulfed everything. She had no control. As the rain washed over her, she could only wait for her man to deliver her to what would surely be an earth-shattering orgasm.

Then she felt him adjust and lean her vertically towards him. She could not see in the darkness but had no fears of the situation. It was then that she felt herself lowered onto his immense manhood straight down to the base. She was stretched open and so tight around him that he shot off instantly into her, but her remained in place to continue.

He wrapped her entire body and slowly hoisted and lowered her onto himself at a wonderful rhythm. She screamed and orgasmed over and over. "YES! YES! OOOOHHHHH!!!" His rigidness was undaunted. She looked, again, skyward to feel the rain on her face as she rode him faster and faster. She now tore her shirt off and pulled his hands to her chest as she rode him. Grinding and riding him, begging for him to finish, she could not help but feel the tightness of herself upon him. Every inch of her rode every inch of his sex. Their bodies dripping and slippery, she held his hands onto her breasts and humped him harder and harder. He returned the efforts from below, as their soaked bodies splashed over and over.

Finally, taking his hands from her breasts, slamming and holding them over his head on the ground, she laid the deepest, wettest kiss, moaning and screaming for him to finish in her. He arched his back, lifting her airborne upon his member, and exploding over and over into her which gave her the most perfect orgasm of her own. As she accepted his convulsing, spasming efforts she peppered him with kisses holding him inside her, in her throbbing sex where he belonged. He could scarsely kiss back in his overwhelmed, mind-numbing condition, as he laid under her shaking in the rain. Finally she laid down upon him and put her head onto his shoulder, kissing him softly on the cheek.

As they laid in then now drizzling darkness, he embraced her for all his worth and together they went to sleep in each other's arms.