 Water streams down my back, my head tilted under the spray, rinsing my hair. With each droplet of water, my tension is flowing away. The rich lather of body wash is like silk on my soft, wet skin. One hand sweeps over the curve of a full breast, brushing against the sensitive nipple, which puckers and hardens. 

Back and forth my hand gently rubs, until all pretence of washing is lost, and I am simply enjoying the sensation while my other hand explores.

I hear the shower door glide open, and then the chill of the bathroom as you step inside. I open my eyes, and you place your hands on my shoulders, pulling me close. Your mouth takes mine as I lean into your warm body.

Your hands travel down my back, gliding smoothly over the wet flesh, and soon my hips are in your hands. You lean back against the shower wall, pulling me towards you, and out of the spray of the water. You are trapped against the tiled wall, and I am now in charge.

My hands trace a path from your shoulders to your neck, and I guide your lips to mine. Softly, I tease you lips with my teeth, before running my tongue over your bottom lip. Your mouth opens to mine, and we kiss hard and deep. Your hands tighten on my body, and I am on my toes trying to get as closer to your heat.

Releasing your mouth, I turn my attention to your neck, nipping gently at your skin, my hands making their way over your chest. My lips follow the path of my hands, licking, tasting, and biting. I tease a hard nipple with my tongue. You push my hair off my shoulder and I feel your eyes on me, just as I can your increasingly ragged breath.

I can feel the steady beat of the shower spray on the backs of my legs and slowly slide further down your body, until I am on my knees before you. My hands rest on your thighs, and I look up, making sure I have your attention. You smile, and place your palm on my cheek. I love your hands on me, tender but strong. 

I can see the desire in your eyes, and hear it in your slightly hoarse voice, as you tell me how much you want to me to take your cock into my mouth. I smile, and shifting my right hand from your thigh, then cupping your balls in my palm. I bend towards you, and lave the smooth skin with my tongue, before taking them into my mouth. You groan, and I feel your erection jerk against my cheek. 

I moan and move my tongue to the base of your shaft, my left hand holding you, and I run my tongue very slowly along the underside of your penis. The heat of the water in the now steamy shower is nothing compared to the heat flowing within me as I circle the glans with my tongue, and then guide the head of your cock between my open lips.

I am sucking, licking, tasting, and enjoying you. Your hands hold my wet hair back in your tense hands, pulling ever so slightly. While my left hand continues to tease your shaft, the other applies a gentle pressure to your perineum, stirring you to even greater heights. You groan when I remove my hand, but your disappointment is short-lived when you see why.

My fingers of my right hand part my swollen labia, and they are coated in my own moisture. I am so wet, and hot, but I do not dally, for I know that you will help me with that when the time comes. For now, I take my well lubricated fingers, and return to my earlier task. 

As I continue to pleasure you with my mouth, I tease your puckered asshole, and slowly push a finger inside. Your hands tighten on my hair, and as you groan, I feel your cock throb and twitch in my mouth. As the shower water starts to get colder, you let me know how close you are to orgasm. I love that I have done this to you.

I release your penis from my reluctant mouth, but continue to grasp the base firmly, forming a tight ring with my thumb and forefinger. Placing my right palm against your check, my nails scratching downwards, over your abdomen and the razor thin strip of hair that runs from your navel to the base of your cock. 

My other hand vigorously massages the length of your shaft and your back arches as you lean your head back into the water, eyes closed, smiling rapturously. 

"Gorgeous girl", you murmur, "You know exactly how I like it."

My right hand bypasses your shaft and cups your smooth, hairless sac one last time. Your hands begin to massage my scalp more fervently. I know what that means. With one final motion of my hands, you feel the orgasm chain-reacting from your anus to the tip of your cock, and then a powerful quantity of semen arc and descends on to my breasts. 

Your legs buckle and you sink to your knees in the bottom of the shower. You hold me as the water streams own around us, your head resting in exhaustion on my naked shoulder. You thank and praise me for the pleasure I bring you. 

Now icy cold, the spray jolts us from our revelry, and laughing, we clamber up and out of the shower as quickly as we can. We are standing in the middle of the misty bathroom, and I am encircled in your arms. I shiver both at the chill of the water, and with the excitement that you kindle in me. Your arms release me, and you reach for the soft cotton towel that hangs on the rail nearby. With every brush of the towel my body cries out for your touch.

The top of the vanity is smooth and cold against my ass as you settle me there. You stand between my spread thighs, and kiss my mouth deeply, before trailing soft, warm kisses from my neck to my navel. One of my hands is spread on the countertop for support, and the other tangles in your hair and you sink to your knees before me.

Your hands are on my inner thighs, holding me open to your gaze. My arousal is evident in the glistening moisture that you taste as you tease my sensitive clit with tongue and lips. My moans become louder and more frantic as you suck deeply, and my head falls back against the mirror as you slowly push two fingers deep inside me. 

Over and over you thrust, all the while continuing to pleasure my clit. I'm urging you on, harder, faster, more, and then I am coming, convulsing around your fingers, screaming your name.

Holding me steady, you stand. You pull me close, my breasts crushed against your chest, and kiss me deeply. I can taste myself on your lips, and sigh. It is my turn to breathlessly whisper my thanks.