 He nervously placed his glass of wine on the table and cleared his throat. He hadn't expected this evening to be so awkward and after a quick glance at his old friend sitting beside him, he could tell she hadn't either. 

This awkwardness was new for both of them. In the past they had shared each other's company easily, without effort or social strategy. But that had been back when their paths had regularly intertwined, when they'd been able to anticipate each expression, each joke, each social cue being flung back and forth between them. But a lot of time had flown by, and it had taken their ability to quickly snap back into their old rhythm in its winds. It hadn't disappeared, it just took a little longer.

He picked up the wine once more and took a sip awkwardly, his eyes focusing on the rim in an effort not to meet her gaze which he felt was now on him for fear that if he did, the evening would progress, the way it inevitably did and that, in turn, would mean it would soon be over.

As he placed his glass back down on the table he smiled to himself. He felt her hand on his arm and he knew in that instant that she was feeling the same way. 

Suddenly, like a rubber band stiffening under its own tension only to release and fall limp, the awkwardness between them shattered, breaking apart the fears and doubts they'd brought with them and allowing them to settle into their easy pattern.

He opened his mouth to speak and turned to her, allowing his gaze to settle on hers at last. It only took one look to realise no words were needed. There was no point. They both knew and understood the situation. He was leaving. Leaving in an attempt to find a new place in the world. And while he had no doubt he would see her again, he knew it might never be the same. 

His right hand fell to his side, landing palm down on the sofa they were sitting on. He felt a jolt of electricity as the tip of his little finger made contact with her thumb.

It had been his idea to spend this last night together, hoping the nostalgia they shared would help to comfort him and dampen his fears. And while that would be enough, a part of him hoped for a long forgotten passion to be rekindled, perhaps to prove to himself that that passion had once existed at all. He knew it wouldn't help him leave but he'd long ago realised desire had a habit of overriding logic. If the night ended that way, it would hurt him. But that hasn't stopped either of them before. And this time, that desire had been fuelled further by his inability to get the idea out of his head, the intrusive images permeating his mind on a regular basis; all the things he wanted to do to her, the things he wanted her to do to him.

He knew that if he was going to make a move, the window of opportunity was closing. She raised her eyebrows at him, her face studying his. He chuckled softly, grinning when he heard her chuckle in response. 

He felt her hand slide on top of his and let his index finger stretch out and gently stroke her thigh. The sensation of flesh on flesh, however slight, was too much. Without another moment's thought, he twisted toward her and in one move, brought his free hand to the back of her head and pulled her towards him, his lips crashing against hers with a force that took her by surprise. He pulled away and looked at her once more, his hand still at the back of her head, his other hand freeing itself from hers to find its way to her shoulder. An unspoken dialogue passed between them, their years of friendship saying everything for them, their sexual history informing them of what was about to pass.

Leaning forward, he kissed her again, opening his mouth but not giving her his tongue. His eyes were fixed on hers, the intensity of her gaze in return was familiar, and filled with lust. His eyes remained locked on hers as his newly liberated hand slid from her shoulder, to her breast, gliding over it before letting his thumb slowly graze across her nipple as he simultaneously pushed his tongue against hers, welcoming her small moan in response. 

As their eyes closed and their kiss grew deeper, he grabbed her hips and pulled her onto his lap, his lips falling from hers to her neck, his tongue tracing down slowly between moans as she eagerly ground her hips into him, pressing herself against his growing hardness. His mouth continued to travel downwards, it's desperation for her becoming clear when it finally enveloped a nipple through her dress. Her head fell back as she relished the sensation, her hands gripping his shoulders. 

Reluctantly pulling his mouth from her, he reached up and slowly began to pull the straps of her dress down, battling between desperately wanting to look at her body, to touch her and wanting to prelong the moment, knowing each touch, each caress brought them a step closer to the end of the evening.

Peeling her dress down, uncovering the body he hadn't seen in so long, his mouth quickly returned, his tongue teasing one nipple, while the other received the attention of his thumb and forefinger. She groaned, grinning down at him before reaching down to pull his shirt off, head leaning down, moaning into his ear. His happy hands fell to her ass, caressing and squeezing it, provoking his own moans. He could feel the movement of her hips getting faster, as his shirt went flying across the room and was surprised when she slowly began to stop and leant over to kiss him. His surprise was short lived as he felt her lips begin to trail down his neck, his shoulder, his chest, stopping to give a playful lick to one nipple before continuing down, her hand now manoeuvring itself to rub his now fully hard cock through his trousers. 

As her lips and tongue reached the top of his trousers, she looked up with a sly grin, her hand beginning to unzip them. As she pulled them down, she kissed him through his boxers and he gently pushed her head towards him, and she willingly obliged, allowing him to enjoy the friction as he rubbed himself against her face. After a few moments, she moved her head away and began to pull down his boxers, and took him into her warm hand. She gave him a few slow firm strokes as she adjusted herself comfortably onto her knees in front of him. She lazily ran her tongue along the underside of his cock and let it dance over the tip before opening her mouth and letting him slide in, closing her lips around him and sucking, maintaining the suction as she dragged her lips back up slowly, all the while looking up at him. 

She repeated the action, this time letting her tongue stroke the head, gathering up the precum before her lips returned down his length once more. He groaned, placing one hand in her hair, and another falling to one of her breasts as he watched her mouth working him. Her hand moved from where it had been resting on his thigh and her fingers closed around the base of his cock, giving it a gentle squeeze as her mouth settled on the head, sucking with her lips and stroking with her tongue. Her hand began to stroke him, her mouth matching the pace, her eyes still looking up at him, revelling in his helpless look of total pleasure. His hand gripped her scalp as her pace began to quicken and the curve of a smile at the edge of her lips told him his moans were music to her ears. 

Sensing the tension in his thigh with her other hand, she realised he was getting close and took the opportunity to move her mouth to a new home. Her hand continued to stroke him, her hand twisting slightly each time it reached the top, as her mouth began to provide attention to his balls, licking and sucking them gently. After a minute or so, she felt him tense once more and moved away only for him to pick her up and throw her onto her back on the sofa.

There was no denying that he could have climbed on top of her and fucked her right then and there but there was a definite down side to that course of action. He wanted to taste her first.

He kissed his way up her smooth legs, his hands reaching up and pulling her dress down from her waist and over them. He lips pulled away from her as he reached her knees and he let his fingers stroke her inner thighs before letting his index finger brush across her clit through her panties. He sighed as he felt how hot and wet she was. He brushed across her clit again, raising his eyebrows as she whimpered in response. 

"You like that?" He whispered with a quiet chuckle. She nodded, biting her lip.

As he moved his hand to cup her pussy, he congratulated himself on his own restraint. Dragging a finger over the outline of her lips through her panties, he found his way back to her clit, stroking it up and down, watching her squirm under his touch. 

"What about that?" He said, feeling her thighs tighten around his hand. She moaned in response. He increased the pressure on her clit, as he sat up and leant over to lick one of her nipples. As her breath grew heavy, he brought his mouth to her ear.

"What if I did this to you with my tongue?" He whispered with a husky voice.

"Please" she whispered back as his tongue made its way back down her body, stopping to lick the inside of each thigh before planting a kiss directly on her clit. The resulting sigh was different, he knew the sensation of his hot breath and wet tongue was making her wetter by the second. He slid his finger under the waistband and slid her panties down, his eyes watching them as they finally fell to the floor. His gaze returned to her, the sight of her naked in front him stealing his restraint from him as he quickly brought his head between her legs. 

His tongue slipped out, tracing her wet pussy lips, slowly up and down as he tasted her for the first time in years. She moaned softly, one hand falling to her own breast and caressing it.

His tongue slid over her clit, running back and forth, her hips bucking as he took it into his mouth completely, sucking it with a groan that added the vibration of his voice to the sensation between her legs. She began to work her hips against him, now actively stroking her clit against his tongue.

Slowly his finger travelled up her thigh, across the part of the inside of her ass cheek that he could reach as his index finger began to slide inside of her. He only pushed the tip inside as his tongue worked her clit. He didn't want her to feel anything deep inside her until his cock was pushing its way inside, stretching her out. 

He pulled away for a second. "You're so fucking wet for me, aren't you?" He grinned.

He worked his finger inside her with shallow strokes, all the while stroking her clit with his tongue, increasing the pressure. He felt her getting wetter on his finger and decided to switch it up, taking his tongue and licking down to her slit, pushing it inside, groaning at her taste and her scent. His free hand made its way to her clit, knowing from their previous encounters that his wet finger wouldn't provide enough friction.

As he rubbed her clit in slow circular motions, his tongue explored her, pushing a little deeper each time. Soon she was moving against him wildly, her nails digging into his scalp, trying to push him deeper.

He pulled away with a grin, loving her whimper in protest. He brought his wet finger to her lips and she tasted herself willingly. Groaning, He manoeuvred himself on top her and kissed her once more as he rubbed the tip of his cock against her clit. He could see she wanted him as much as he wanted her. Long gone were the thoughts of making the evening last any longer, his restraint dissolved the moment he felt her hot pussy welcoming him inside her. 

He pushed inside her slowly, only letting the tip feel her tightness before pulling back. Her face had collapsed into a frown of desperate lust as he pushed in again once more, deeper this time, finding himself moaning with her as he felt what he had wanted to feel for so fucking long.

Gradually he repeated the motion, pushing a little deeper each time, their moans hitting the air in tandem. When he finally slid into her completely, he stopped, feeling her around him. She felt better than he remembered, which was incredible. As he began to move, her ankles wrapped around his back, her hands finding their way to his ass, encouraging him to increase his pace and intensity, to fuck her harder. He obliged, his tongue slipping into her mouth once, doing everything in his power to keep his kiss slow and sensual while his cock rammed into her faster and faster.

Her hands gripped his ass as she felt his pelvic bone rubbing against her clit, her hips gyrating, moving against him as their groans grew louder. He pushed a finger into her mouth, watching her suck it enthusiastically, hoping beyond hope this wouldn't be the last time.

His mouth moved back to her neck, his teeth nipping gently as he gave her a partly gentle slap on the thigh as his passion grew nearer release.

"Oh fuck! You feel so good!" She whimpered, her eyes meeting his.

"You wanna cum? You ready?" He asked, dangerously close to said point himself. She nodded, trying to catch her breath. He grabbed her chin to force her to look at him once more.

He craned his neck down to her ear and grunted into it.

"Beg me."

"Please!" She groaned loudly in frustration, "please let me cum".

"Good girl." He whispered as he fucked her harder and gave her another smack, this time square on the ass as he leant her to the side, pushing their bodies together even more.

He felt her pussy tense up and release over and over. Normally, he would have cum with her, but he wanted to feel her cumming on his cock but that sensation was all it took to take him over the edge as he let out a desperate groan and came inside her.

Regaining his breath, he chuckled and kissed her again, her giggling against him.

"Fuck!" He sighed, collapsing on top of her and kissing her chest, hoping and praying it really wouldn't be the last time.