 Clementine & Jerome

She laid in bed starring at the ceiling. He'd been gone for 2 days and her body ached for him. Of course, that wasn't the only thing she missed, but at that moment, lying awake in their bed, that's all she could think about.

Jerome had left on a business trip to Ottawa, he had meetings with several investors for his new company, Beta Zone! Clementine loved that he'd finally gotten the chance to start his own company. I mean, she had seen how hard he'd worked on his first game, Cyber Confessions. Although, that game had not really made any money. Jerome had solely wanted people to play it for free and get the chance to enjoy and be mind fucked by his awesome creation. Obviously, those are not the words he would've chosen, but that's how she'd felt when she'd played his intricate, inspiring and mind blowing game. After that, Jerome had created more video games, all a huge success. People knew who he was and there were entire boards on Reddit dedicated to discussing his games. There even was one where people around the world were debating whether or not the Easter Egg in Cyber Confessions, was a picture of his sexy wife Clementine.

Clementine looked at the clock next to the bed and saw that it was only a quarter past 11. She felt the sexual frustration build between her thighs as she remembered the last time her man had made love to her. She closed her eyes and imagined his big warm hands on her body, starting from her face and moving all the way to her toes. Her hands slowly made their way down to her dampened panties. She slid the tip of her index and middle finger, back and forth, onto her most sensitive spot. The moans came instantly, she could feel herself getting warmer and warmer. Suddenly, she heard rustling behind the curtain panel they'd installed to separate the bed from the rest of the room. She quickly stopped and held her breath, fearing someone had come into her home. Quickly, she grabbed the first thing she could find, her laptop, and slowly inched to the edge of the bed. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw a figure move towards her and she yelped. She suddenly found herself being tackled onto the bed.

"Gotchya!"

It was Jerome, of course. Once again, he'd manage to throw her on the bed. What was he doing back so early, anyway? He planted a big wet kiss on her lips and told her that things had gone so well the fist day, that they had decided to sign the contract and be on their way. He'd caught the first flight he could out of there. My goodness, this meant Jerome, now had his own company. She kissed him over and over, overwhelmed with pride and excitement. Jerome shoved the laptop to the ground, pushed her on her back, making her legs dangled over the edge of the bed. He kneeled down in front of her and inhaled deeply. He loved how she smelled, it was a smell he would never get tired of.

He slowly slid a finger over her panties, starting from the top of her mound, making his way to her wetness.

"How come you're so wet, Hun?" He asked with a smile on his face.

"I was missing you and started, you know, taking care of things if you know what I mean?" Clementine wasn't really good at talking about sex stuff, which made Jerome smile even more. She was so cute when she tried to talk about it. He grabbed her thighs and slid her closer to the edge of the bed.

"Alright then, why don't we finish what you've started?"

He told her to lift up her bum and slid her panties of. Her smell filled his nostrils and drove him wild. He placed her legs on his shoulders, looked up into her eyes and saw her smiling at him. God, he loved this woman. He shifted his gaze back down, gently spread the lips to her entrance, leaned forward, and started slowly circling her clit, with his tongue. Before long, Clementine started moaning and panting. How was he so good at this? She could feel the heat and tingling sensations spread across her body. She buried her fingers in his hair and moaned his name over and over, as he made her feel like she was going to pass out from pleasure. Then, when she thought she couldn't take it anymore, he slid two fingers into her wet vagina, and started moving them slowly in and out. Her thighs started to tremble, and her back arched as she felt herself being propelled into a sea of pleasure. Jerome held her legs tightly as she quivered and sucked harder on her clit. The orgasm hit her hard and consumed her in ways only Jerome had been able to give her.

She laid back down exhausted and hypersensitive. He got up, took off his clothes and told her to move to the center of the bed. One look in his eyes, and Clementine knew what was coming next. Smiling with anticipation, she removed her pajama top, and waited from him with anticipation.

Jerome spread her legs so that he could position himself better. He bent down and kissed her passionately on the mouth. She could taste her sweetness on his lips and wanted more of him. She put her hands on his head and neck and deepened the kiss. He was such a great kisser, and she wanted more of him. As if reading her thoughts, Jerome positioned his erection at her entrance, looked up into her eyes, and with one swift thrust, he found himself deep inside her. He let out a moan and soon they were both thrusting in unison. He reached out and grabbed her breast, squeezing her nipple between two fingers. He loved the way they moved up and down to the rhythm of their love making. She reached up and moved her hands across his chest. She loved the feel of his strong body beneath her fingers.

"How about some doggy style?" Clementine proposed, knowing that Jerome would never refuse. Jerome smiled, pulled out and helped her turn around. He knew, that she knew, that he loved this position. There was something amazing about having his woman's ass smack against him. It was so hot, he never lasted long in this position. As if on cue, he felt the tightness build up in his cock, and the tingling sensation spread like fire through his body. He grabbed her ass and thrust faster and deeper into her. She could hear him moaning and felt his muscles tightening. The shear sound of his grunts and moans were enough to send her over the edge for the second time.

"Oh my God, I'm about to cum!" Clementine moaned loudly. Knowing she was coming was the last thing he needed, and only a couple of seconds behind, Jerome pushed into her one last time and collapsed onto her back, as his load shot into her. They both laid on the bed exhausted and satiated. She loved feeling the weight of his body on top of hers after sex. She closed her eyes and inhaled, she could smell their passion, and smiled.

"I love you so much." He whispered in her ear. She smiled, feeling warm all over. How had she gotten so lucky?

"I love you, too." She replied, as she felt herself fall asleep.

The End

*

Many thanks to the lovely Shygirlwhore, for editing my story.