 "Thanks again for the ride, Mr. Gleeson," Cleo said, buckling her seatbelt. 

"If you call me Mr. Gleeson again, I'm throwing you out of the car. You're making me feel old. Just Mark."

"Sorry, Mark. Old habits die hard, I guess. You remember where I live?"

"Yep, it's right on my way home."

Mark started his truck and pulled out of the Goose's Nectar parking lot. It was the local watering hole for Mumford's Crossing, a tiny town in Vermont. 

Cleo was home for the holidays. She'd driven herself to the bar and hung out with a few old friends from home for the evening, catching up on old times and reporting new life developments. Most of them were married—either with kids already, or kids on the way—and the drudgery of the conversation pushed Cleo towards a few extra gin and tonics. She was only a little tipsy, but a DUI was the last thing she needed. She was outside trying to call a cab when Mr. Gleeson—Mark!—offered her a ride home. 

Mark Gleeson. Father to Jennifer Gleeson, one of Cleo's friends from high school. She and Jennifer had been pretty close, and they both lived in the same middle-of-nowhere farm area, which meant back before they had drivers licenses Cleo had spent a lot of time getting rides from Mr. Gleeson. So Cleo took him up on his offer. Why not? A cab would have been like thirty dollars. It was a forty-five minute drive. 

"Still got the same truck, I see." Cleo ran a finger over a little burn-mark in the upholstery that she had actually created when she was fifteen years old and smoking her first cigarette. 

"Yeah, Toyotas last forever."

Cleo looked over at Mark. He was hot—ruddy-brown hair and a messy beard. A long nose and bright blue eyes. She could see the muscles in his forearm as he moved the steering wheel back and forth. Mark was older than she was, but only by about twenty years—he'd had Jennifer when he was really young. 

Only twenty years older, Jesus, Cleo thought. That's the gin talking.

"I don't even have a car anymore," Cleo said. "Sold the Subaru to make first month's rent in The City."

"Too bad, I liked that car. What neighborhood are you living in?"

"Astoria. Tons of Greek people and awesome thai food, I like it." She paused, looked out the window at a cow pasture all lit up by an almost-full moon. "Some people bitch about the commute into Manhattan but I don't mind. Used to long drives, I guess."

"Funny how that works, right? People adapt to their circumstances. City people bitch if something's more than twenty minutes away. Us country folk though," he dropped into a country drawl for effect, "we're built to travel."

"Exactly."

"So did you have a good night at the Goose?" Mark asked. 

"Eh, it's fine. All my friends kinda raced towards the domestic life as quickly as possible. Most of them are married with kids already. Jesus I'm barely twenty-five! I don't see what the rush is."

"Domestic life's not for you?" he asked. 

"Fuck no. Not yet. Even a steady boyfriend isn't for me right now."

"Does that mean you have, what, an unsteady boyfriend? What is that?"

I smiled and looked at him. "Somebody I sleep with so that I don't go insane."

"Sounds about right."

"What about you, how's the domestic life treating you?"

"Oh, Jennifer didn't tell you?"

"Tell me what?"

"Lisa and I got divorced about two years ago. She moved to California."

"Oh shit! I'm sorry, I didn't know. I mean Jen didn't tell me."

Jen had taken some crazy job at the US Embassy in Thailand and she'd slowly fallen out of touch with Cleo. It was ok—clinging to high school friendships always struck Cleo as a pathetic tendency. 

"No, no, it's fine. It wasn't one of those Shakespearean tragedy divorces where everyone dies at the end."

"So what happened, then? If you don't me asking," Cleo added hastily. 

"Honestly?"

"I mean, you can lie to me if you want. It's a personal question."

Mark smiled. "We told people that we grew apart, and her career took her out to California but I didn't want to leave the farm. But mostly, we both just wanted to fuck other people."

"Mr. Gleeson! I mean, Mark! Jesus!"

"What? That's the truth. We had Jennifer when we were both nineteen. Lisa's like the fourth person I'd slept with until the divorce. Jennifer was all grown up, college paid for. We both wanted to try out other romances and there wasn't anything stopping us. This is America, after all."

"Wow," Cleo whispered.

The conversion drifted to run-of-the-mill topics. Farm stuff. Politics. Work. After a while they both quieted down and Cleo let her gin-thoughts wander back to what Mark had said about his divorce.

"Wait, so you said you'd only slept with four people until the divorce...what's your number now?"

Mark laughed. "More than four."

"But less than...."

"Guess."

"Hm, less than ten."

He shook his head. 

"Slut!" Cleo shouted, laughing. "Ok, less than twenty."

"Bingo."

"Well, I'm happy for you I guess. I'm mean if you're happy, it's a good thing."

"Yeah, I think so. I miss her sometimes but overall I think we're both better off."

They hit a straightaway and Mark stole a long glance at Cleo. She watched his eyes scan down her body—lingering on the tight-white t-shirt she was wearing and the skinny jeans. 

"So what's your number?" he asked. "Or range rather."

"Of people I've fucked?"

"Yeah."

"Guess."

"Hm," he pretended to put serious thought into the question. "More than eight."

"Correct."

"Less than...fifteen."

"Wrong." Cleo said lightly. 

"Ok, ok. I forgot about the unsteady boyfriend thing. Less than...thirty."

"Close enough." Cleo had actually slept with thirty-one guys. Most of them during college. "Have to say, though, most of them were pretty disappointing."

"Why's that?"

"Oh the usual bullshit. Most guys treat your pussy like a wet hole to masturbate themselves into. It's not the most pleasant way to get fucked."

"Those bastards."

Cleo laughed. She had a little tinge of excitement in her belly now. "It feels weird talking about this stuff with you. I mean, it's fine we're both adults. It's just that you used to help me with my geometry homework, you know?"

"We can talk about something else."

"No, no, I like it. Feels kind of dirty and wrong. Talking about my sexual exploits with Mr. Gleeson."

"I told you I would throw you out of the car if you called me that again."

"I dare you to throw me out of the car, Mr. Gleeson," Cleo said it seductively, but laughed afterwards.

"Fine, fine," Mark said. "Call me whatever you want."

"You know, my high school boyfriend was actually one of the better ones, now that I think about it."

"Sam? Tim?"

"John. John Lipton. We never had sex but he used to go down on me for hours at a time. Mmfh."

"Ha, now I'm feeling a little weird."

"Weird as in...a little turned on, Mr. Gleeson? 

He looked at Cleo again. Checked out her breasts again. Then back to the road. "No comment."

"Fine, fine," Cleo said lightly. "I don't want to make things awkward or anything. Just a little tipsy and horny that's all."

"Been a while since your last unsteady boyfriend experience?"

"It's not that," Cleo said. "I've been up here at home for like five days, you know with Christmas and all and it's just...uh...never mind I'll make things awkward if I say this."

"Ah go for it. Like you said, we're both adults, right?"

"All right, well, my parents' house is rickety as fuck and the walls are really thin. So I can't, uh, you know..."

"Can't what?" Mark asked, smiling to make it clear that he knew exactly what Cleo was talking about but wanted to here her say it. 

"I can't masturbate! Not with them banging around and chatting all the time. Are you happy?"

He laughed but didn't say anything. 

"Seriously though, five days sans orgasm is a long time for me to go. I try to come everyday if I can." 

"Yeah, me too, actually."

"Morning or night?" Cleo asked. 

"Night," Mark said. 

"Same."

They let a silence hang while Mark negotiated a few big curves. There was still about twenty minutes left in the drive. 

"Want to know a secret, Mr. Gleeson?"

This time, he didn't correct Cleo. "Yes."

"Ok, you probably don't remember this, but there was one night when I was sixteen or seventeen, and I had to get back home but I was afraid to drive in the ice storm, so you had to take me back, remember?"

"Yeah, I think so. Sounds familiar."

"Well...I remember it very clearly for two reasons. First, it was the one and only time—except for right now—that we drove alone in the car together. Jennifer was always there every other times. But that night she had homework or something so she didn't come with us."

"Yeah I guess that's true. What's the second reason?"

"Well...I also remember it because the entire time you were driving I was fantasizing about giving you a blow job."

"What? Are you joking?"

"Sorry if that's awkward!" Cleo said. "But I was, it just popped in my head and I couldn't get it out. And then when I got home I fingered myself and came in, like, under a minute I was so turned on."

"I, uh, don't know what to say exactly." Mark shifted in his seat a little. Cleo wondered if he was as turned on as she was right now. She glanced down but couldn't see if he was hard or not. 

"Sorry," Cleo said. "Like I said, I'm just super horny. Lot's of pent up sexual energy...and I'm still here for two more nights. Shit's gonna be leaking out my ears before I get back to the city."

Mark cleared his throat. Opened his mouth to say something, then closed it again.

"What?" Cleo asked. 

"Uhm, nothing. I was just going to...nothing."

"C'mon, tell me. You obviously have something to say."

"Well, if it's really bothering you," Mark said. "You can masturbate right now. I mean if you want to."

As soon as Mark said those words, Cleo felt her panties go damp. She was hoping he'd suggest something like that. He was just as turned on as she was.

"Hmmm, a tempting offer. Very tempting." Cleo tapped her finger on her lips like she was thinking it over. "You sure you don't mind? It's not gonna weird you out, having me rubbing one out next to you?"

"I think I'll live," Mark said, smiling. 

"All right then. Yeah fuck it I'm gonna do it." 

Mark swallowed hard, like he had something in his throat. "Okay," he said. 

Cleo made a show of slowly unbuttoning her jeans. She could see Mark stealing glances but trying not to be too obvious. She sat up in her seat and pushed her jeans and panties down to her knees. The air felt a little chilly on her naked pussy because she was already so wet. She ran a hand through her little strip of pubic hair and over her clit. Rubbed it gently in a circle. 

"You can watch if you want," Cleo said softly. "I want you to watch, actually."

They hit a straightaway through a long series of fields. As soon as the road straightened out, Mark turned and looked down at Cleo's pussy. He took a big breath in and slowly let it out. 

"Like what you see?" Cleo asked. 

"Very much."

Cleo put two fingers inside herself and stroked her g-spot a few times. She was so wet it made a pretty audible noise. Cleo laughed. "Hear that? This is turning me on so much. My thighs are drenched."

"Fuck," Mark said. "That's so hot."

"Is your dick hard, Mr. Gleeson?" Cleo said, moving her hand back to her clit and rubbing. 

"Yes," he said. 

"Want to watch me cum in your car?"

"Fuck yes."

Cleo started rubbing herself faster. It wasn't going to take much. Mark moved his eyes between her pussy and the road, lingering for as long as he could. Every time he looked at her again with those hungry eyes she felt a little spark of pleasure and inched closer to orgasm. They were almost at the end of the straightway.

"Slow down," Cleo said, breathing heavily. "Slow down so you can watch, I'm about to come all over the fucking place." 

Mark listened, slowing the car to a crawl, then locked his eyes on Cleo's pussy. "That's it, let me see you come, Cleo. Drench the fucking seat."

That put Cleo over the edge. 

"Ooooooh, fuuuuuuuck. Fuck I'm coming. Mmmmmm." 

Cleo felt her pussy spasm wildly while she came, watching Mark watch her. When it was over, her tights were totally soak and her fingers glistened. Without hesitating, she licked her fingers clean. "Fuck that was good," she said. "Just what I needed." Then adjust herself. "I left a pretty big wet spot on your seat." 

"Ha. Don't worry about it. That was...really hot. You're so fucking sexy I can't believe it." 

Cleo still hadn't pulled her pants up. She didn't much feel like it, either. 

"You know, Mr. Gleeson, I don't think it's fair I get to come on the car ride and you're left with blue balls." 

"Me neither," he said, smiling. 

"I think it's time I make that little fantasy come true and suck your cock while you drive me home. Is that what you want?"

"Fuck yes." 

"Good." Cleo rearranged herself so she was on her knees and leaned over Mark's crotch. She started unbuckling his belt, already getting horny again. She couldn't wait to see his cock. Couldn't wait to get it in her mouth and suck him off. 

She got his belt and zipper undone. "Sit up a little. Key to good road head is getting your pants all the way off."

"You're the boss."

Mark lifted up and Cleo pulled his pants and boxers down at the same time. His cock sprang free and slapped against his belly. It was maybe six inches long, with a swollen head and upward curve. A very pretty dick. Cleo stroked him a few times, running her hand down the length and massaging his balls a little. 

"I can't believe I'm about to suck your cock, Mr. Gleeson," Cleo said. 

"Me neither."

With that, Cleo leaned down and put him in her mouth. She started by bobbing up and down gently, letting him get a feel for her mouth. Cleo had always loved giving head, ever since she first gave John Lipton a blow job in her parent's basement while they pretended to watch a movie. Once he was fully hard she went down a little further, making it about halfway down the base. She moaned a little and felt him shudder.

"That's so good, Cleo. Jesus."

She moaned a little thank you and kept sucking, picking up the pace a little. She rubbed his balls with her right hand, lightly pulling and teasing them. After a little while Mark put his hand on the back of her head and grabbed a fistful of her hair—not roughly, just enough to add some pressure and make Cleo's pussy tingle. She moaned again and slurped noisily, then pulled him out of her mouth and licked the underside of his tip. Cleo had the urge to say something pretty dirty, but she was so horny she wasn't thinking straight so she just blurted it out. 

"You like getting your cock sucked by a little slut, Mr. Gleeson?" 

"Ohhhh god. Fuck yes."

"Mmm, such a nice cock," Cleo said, looking down at it and stroking him. God he was hard. Cleo glanced up and saw they were almost back to her house. It was time to wrap this hot little tryst up. "You want to blow a hot load of cum into my little whore mouth, don't you?"

"Yes," Mark panted. "I'm so close. Let me fill you up with cum."

Cleo went back down and slurped noisily, bobbing as fast as she could. With her right hand, she stroked his balls and then moved a little lower so her index finger was massaging his perineum. 

"Just like that, just like that."

Mark tensed up and his balls tightened. Cleo bobbed once or twice more and then felt his cock spasm in her mouth and fill it with cum. It was a huge load—so big a big spurt dripped out of mouth and down her chin. She swallowed the rest, then sat back against the passenger side window and pulled her pants up. Looked at Mark and smiled. She still had a big stream of cum on her chin and neck. 

"Jesus that was good," Mark said. "I didn't want it to end."

Cleo laughed. As they pulled into her parent's driveway she scooped up the string of Mark's cum and swallowed it. "Your cum tastes good, Mr. Gleeson."

Mark pulled in front of the house and put the car in park. Leaned back and looked at Cleo. His dick was still out, slowly softening. 

"Was that wrong, what we just did?"

"Didn't feel wrong to me. Does it feel wrong to you?"

"No, it felt right."

"Good," Cleo said, then unlatched the door and opened it a crack. "You know, I'm here for a few more days. Maybe I'll drive up to your place tomorrow morning. I'd like to feel you come in some other parts of me, too, I think."

"Dirty little girl."

Cleo smiled. "That's right. Want to fuck this dirty little girl tomorrow, Mr. Gleeson."

"Definitely. I'll be at home all day, come over whenever."

Cleo blew him a kiss and got out of the car. "See you tomorrow, Mr. Gleeson."