 "Chris! What a pleasure you're gracing us with a visit!"

"Hi, Marc!"

He comes around the counter to give me a welcome hug in which I press my breasts against him.

"I thought you were till on a climbing expedition."

"I'm back already," I answer, "but now I gotta train for the next big project. That's why I'm here."

Being a sponsored world-class athlete sure has its perks as I get to climb the most exciting crags the world over. But I always make it a point to stop by at my favorite rock-o-drome in my hometown. Marc is an expert route setter and his boulder problems are perfect for my training needs. Of course, I also enjoy that Marc is totally crazy about me and gives excellent massages where he takes care of all my needs, relieving more than muscles.

"Do me favor, Marc," I say, touching his chest, "Don't tell anyone I'm here. No autographs for fanboys today, I gotta focus."

He makes a gesture as if to seal his mouth. "Christina Galiano? Never seen her in my gym. That girl is far too famous to show her pretty face in here!"

"Aw, you're the best," I wink.

"Besides," he adds, "it's a slow day. There's no one here right now except this group of rookies. But they won't bother you since you're way above their level, of course. Enjoy!"

He squeezes my waist, and I head over to the boulder area. I pull my long blonde hair into a ponytail and hide it under a beanie. Then I quickly go through my warm-up stretches and do a couple of pull-ups and arm presses. I can't help but glance at my body in the full-length mirror.

I feel good about my physique. Climbing is the perfect sport for me. I'm fit, and my muscles are defined, but it's all about technique, not strength. I'm not ripped like women body builders, and I'm glad I get to keep my female looks. I've conquered K2 and I'm training for Everest, but you wouldn't know it from my lean thighs, lanky arms and small but perfectly round tits.

I flash myself a smile, slip into my climbing shoes and step onto the mat. I climb a couple of problems on the vertical wall for balance and warm up further, then I move on to more overhanging routes.

I quickly work up a sweat, but also notice I'm in great shape. I'm attacking Marc's more difficult problems and they hardly pose a challenge. I need something more.

Taking a short break, I spot the newbies he mentioned over in the easy section. I sneer, because I've seen it many times before: buffed-up dudes from the gym giving bouldering a try because it's trending. They're all about muscles, using their arms too much so they tire out quickly. 

Yet one guy in a black tank top catches my attention. He's at least a head taller than the rest of them and built like a tank. He has a beach tan and a sandy crew cut that makes my insides tingle. Mischief strikes me and before I know it, I'm strolling over.

"Hi," I say next to him, "do you mind if I borrow some of your magnesium?" I point at his chalk bag.

"No, of course not, go ahead." He thrusts the bag at me.

I dip my hands in and chalk them up. I giggle when I pull them out all white.

"Thanks. So, I'm new to this. What are you working on?"

"Oh, I was thinking of doing this one." He points at an easy route.

"Cool, wanna show me how it's done?"

He squats down in a starting position and places two huge hands on the first holds. He proceeds to grunt up the wall on pure muscle strength alone. I observe how he fails to turn and move his body properly, but I'm impressed by the size of his biceps, and the huge tan back in front of me.

He reaches the top and jumps down on the mat so that his weight landing next to me nearly lifts me off airborne. What physical mass of a man!

"Yay, well done!" I offer a high-five and he paws me with his meaty hand, giddy and beaming like a boy.

"I'm Rick."

"Chris, nice meeting you," I smile at him, moving my hip from side to side.

"You've been climbing long, Rick?

"No, just got started a couple of weeks ago," he admits. I like his honesty.

"You did very well, Rick!" I exclaim.

"Wanna give it a shot?"

"Oh, I don't know," I tease. "Okay, but you'll have to spot me!"

"You got it, Chris."

I turn to the wall as he stands behind me, arms outstretched to secure a fall. I go up slowly for a few feet until my butt is practically in his face. My climbing leggings span tight as I wiggle my hips in pretend dismay.

"And now?" I ask fearfully.

"Try to reach that next hold up there," he expertly points out with his eyes all over my ass.

I extend an arm and stretch, reaching, but make sure I miss the hold just so. With a small shriek, I let go and land in his open arms. I instinctively sling my arms around his neck.

"Thanks," I say, touching his biceps, "good catch." I get a whiff of his musky scent and can feel my juices starting to flow. "You can put me down now."

"You almost had it."

"Hey, wanna try some of these?" I point at the steep overhang and Marc's specialty hardcore problems.

"Uh, sure."

I push him over there, rubbing my breasts against his side.

"Here," I say, "show me how to do that one!"

"You sure? That looks... physical," he says.

"You can do it! Let's get physical!" I enthusiastically place my hand on his back, then slide it down as I nudge him forward. He has such a cute butt!

He gets on the route and pulls himself up hold by hold, determined to make it. But without technique, the overhang proves too much for him and gravity is exerting its pull on his mass. From above, he comes down hard and lands on his back on the mat, the air exiting his lungs in a rush.

"Ow," I empathize, "you okay?"

"I think I pulled a muscle."

I squat down over him, brushing against his crotch. "Let me see."

But his fall has attracted the attention of his buddies, and they saunter over. Annoyed that they spot him on the ground, he pushes me off and gets up.

"Rick, what happened," they snidely mock, "you came down off the wall like a sack of wet cement!"

"I was just..."

"He was just showing me what not do," I interrupt. "Boys, it's all about technique."

I flex and take off my beanie for effect, shaking out my long ponytail. Then I make it up the wall like a monkey, my blonde hair dancing in front of them. I easily reach the top, where I place my feet into a large hold and hang upside down. My shirt slides down, exposing my slender mid-riff. I drop and somersault onto the mat below, landing on my feet.

Whoops, cheers and claps from Rick's buddies. From the counter, Marc gives me a thumbs up.

His mates pat Rick on the back. "Way to go, Rick, shown off by a girl!"

Humiliated, he stomps off, crushing a soda can in his fist in frustration. I bow to the group and excuse myself. I hurry after Rick who's made his way to the locker rooms. No one's in there, but I hear water running in a shower stall.

I quickly strip and slide in there with him, closing the door behind me. He's standing to the wall, hot water running over his head. I'm taken aback again by his huge body. I slap him on that cute butt.

"What the...?" he turns.

I practically launch myself at him, wrap my legs around his hip and cling to his neck with my arms.

"Just checking to see you're okay."

He steadies himself as I kiss him on the mouth, pressing my tongue hard against his. He gasps for air.

"Sorry you made a fool of yourself because of me, but let me make it up to you."

His rising erection is already poking me in the ass.

"Hold on tight," I say, then climb up higher on his body with limber speed. It's like climbing a tall tree, and I have something special in mind for his hard wood. I turn and rotate so I'm upside down with my crotch pressed into his face. He quickly gets my idea and grabs my narrow hips. I reach his cock perfectly and put it in my mouth as he sticks his tongue into my pussy.

"Oh my god," I moan. It's like being tongued by a bull!

I squeeze my thighs tightly around his strong neck while sliding my mouth over his cock until my lips reach his huge balls and his tip is deep in my throat. The hot water is splashing all over us. He's strong enough to hold me with one hand and inserts a finger into my pussy. Not to be outdone, I clutch his butt with one hand and cup his balls with the other.

We work ourselves into a frenzy where the juice is running down my belly, chest and throat until I can taste myself. I burst into his face just as he shoots his load deep into my throat. My head is dizzy with the rush of blood, his hot semen washing down inside of me and my pussy pulsating from my orgasm. He gently puts me right side up.

"Chris," he stammers, "what kind of sex athlete are you?"

"The best," I say, "and our workout is not done yet."

I stroke his balls. "Keep that erection."

"How can I lose it, looking at your body."

Again I cling to his neck, kissing him while he enters me. He lifts me up and down effortlessly, sliding the full length of his incredible cock in and out. It's so big, I swear I can feel it tickling the back of my throat.

I fully entrust myself to his arms and let go of him to rub my tits. I squeeze my nipples in his face to drive him wild.

"Give it to me, give it to me good, you bull god!"

The sound of his balls slapping into my tight ass reverberates in the shower. With one finger, he starts playing with my asshole and pushes me to new heights of lust. My whole body climaxes and I feel as if I'm completely wrapped around his hard dick, the sensation of hugging a tree trunk. I scream with such abandon that surely Marc can hear it at the counter. Let him know what he's missing!

Rick puts me down on trembling legs, and I lean into the shower wall with my palms pressed flat. I look over my shoulder to see him stroking his monster dick.

"Go on," I tease, "I can take it, you stallion on steroids!"

He slides it in from behind, nice and slow so that his shaft seems to stretch into infinity. His giant hands envelop my tits and he squeezes rhythmically. I reach around and slap that cute ass again, then bounce his balls. He's perfectly angled to reach my G-spot, and my entire pussy is throbbing against his wood going in and out.

He increases his tempo until I feel like I'm getting a mile a minute of dick as he lifts me upon plateau and plateau of pleasure and ecstasy. My cheek is pressed flat against the wall, and I moan like an animal. My hands go numb as my arms tingle and the shower tiles begin floating in front of my eyes. When I reach my summit, I go completely stiff, then softly melt into pure bliss. Nothing better could await me atop Mount Everest! 

He pulls out and I squeeze his dick with my butt checks until he comes long and hard against my asshole and still quivering pussy. Dripping wet, I turn around and collapse into his open arms.

Exhausted and satisfied, I whisper in his ear, "See, Rick, in climbing as in fucking, it's all about technique!"