 "Mabel, I want you to go down to the town today and pick up some supplies. We're low on a few things and the walk will do you some good."

Mabel turned to consider her father. How to address the issue without him getting upset?

"Ah, Pa, I'm of age now and you know what some of those town-folk are like."

Not to mention some of the scum that lived in the mountains around them. There were a lot of nice people but a couple of families -- yuck.

Mabel's father gave her a hard stare but silently admitted she had a point. He didn't want Mabel getting jumped by some horny type with no morals and not enough sense to be scared of what would follow.

"You have a point," Mabel's father acknowledged. "Cedric will go with you. You can use him to help carry things and he'll keep the idiots away."

"Will Cedric go with me?" queried Mabel. "He's been acting funny lately, sticking close to home.

"He'll do as he's bloody told," snarled her father, and so it proved.

Mabel quite enjoyed the long hike to the township. Even though it took several hours, an early start got them there by mid-morning. And what, wondered Mabel, is Cedric so jumpy about? If anything could spoil this trip it was the way Cedric was behaving.

Mabel was quite surprised to find Cedric sticking to her like glue the entire time she was in town. Normally when Cedric was in town he hit the first bar he came to and stayed there until it was time to leave, his general presence acting as a deterrent if she needed one. This time she could barely turn around without tripping over him. 

Shopping completed, and arrangements made for delivery of the bulk of their goods, Mabel indicated to Cedric that it was time to go. They were just passing the outskirts of the town when Cedric glanced back at the town, said something very rude under his breath, and started hustling her along.

They hadn't gone far when Cedric announced that they'd take the back way home. Mabel stared in surprise. Cedric wanted to take the long way home?

"Cedric, the back way is almost twice as far. Why on earth do you want to go that way? You always take the shortest way."

"It might be longer but it's twice as fucking safe," snapped Cedric, hurrying her down the path.

"Give, Cedric. I've never had any real trouble on the direct route and who along there would bother you, anyway?"

"OK. Clint's kind of sore at me. I'd just as soon avoid him if he comes looking for a fight."

Mabel didn't blame him. Clint was lethal. No-one in their right mind picked a fight with Clint. 

"What did you do, Cedric?" demanded Mabel. 

"That's right. Blame me," snapped Cedric. "You don't suppose that Clint might be the one at fault, do you? It has to be my fault, doesn't it?"

"What did you do, Cedric?" repeated Mabel. 

"It was an accident," blustered Cedric. "I read the signals wrong. Marie says I insulted her and Clint wants to discuss the matter with me. You know how unreasonable he is where Marie is concerned."

"You made a pass at Clint's sister?" shrieked Mabel. "Are you insane?"

"It wasn't a pass, exactly," protested Cedric. "I thought she was giving me a come-on. Turns out she wasn't."

"Tell me you didn't rape her, Cedric. If you did, I'm talking to a dead man."

"No. Of course I didn't," Cedric defended himself. "I barely laid a finger on her. She just got a little upset over nothing. I just feel it's better to take a few precautions. Someone spotted me leaving town and Clint will probably be waiting up the trail for me. So we go the back way."

Mabel sighed but went along with Cedric. She supposed that he was telling the truth about not raping Marie or Clint would have stormed the house to get at him. If Clint was taking his time then Cedric probably just grabbed something that he shouldn't have grabbed and seriously embarrassed Marie.

They were only about a mile from home and Cedric was a lot more relaxed when it happened. They'd just turned a corner when a gentle voice spoke.

"Could I have a word with you, Cedric?"

Clint was leaning against a tree, thoughtfully cleaning his nails with a knife. A very large knife, in Mabel's opinion.

"I'm disappointed in you, Cedric," said Clint. "I passed word that I'd like you to drop past and explain things but you've been sadly remiss. Neither sight nor sign of you for a couple of weeks now. Why would that be?" 

"I'm sure it's all just a misunderstanding, Clint," Mabel hastily put in. "Cedric explained to me that he just made a mistake and he really regrets it."

"Mabel? My, you have grown up nicely. It's no wonder your daddy is running his little auction. Tell me, Mabel. You know Cedric. Would you really believe anything he tells you?"

Put like that, Mabel had to admit that Clint had a point. Just what had Cedric done, she wondered? Now that she thought about it, he hadn't actually said. She cast him a doubtful look.

Mabel's mind nudged her. Auction?

"Auction?" she asked. "What auction are you talking about?"

"You don't know?" returned Clint. "Cedric does. Ask him."

"Cedric?" demanded Mabel, noting the look on his face.

"Hey, it's nothing to do with me," Cedric protested. "Talk to Pa. I'm sure he'll cut you in on the money."

"What auction, Cedric?" Mabel demanded through gritted teeth.

"It's Pa's idea. You're of age now. He reckons you're real pretty and a guaranteed virgin so he's passed the word that for the right price. . ." 

"He's auctioning off my virginity?" shrieked Mabel.

"I assume you didn't know," said an amused voice. "However, talking about virgins, let's discuss Marie, shall we?"

"She still is," yipped Cedric. "I swear I didn't take her. I just leaned on her a little. Look, Mabel's here. Look at her."

To Mabel's horrified surprise, Cedric dropped the packages he was carrying, bent and grabbed the hem of her dress and lifted it up and off, leaving her standing there in a pair of panties. 

"Look at her," panted Cedric. "You can have her. I won't tell Pa and I'm sure she won't say anything. And it won't cost you a cent."

"Very nice," drawled Clint, eyeing a horrified Mabel who was frantically trying to cover her breasts. "But I believe you also tore Marie's panties. I remember she was very vocal on that point."

Next thing Mable knew, Cedric had literally torn her panties off, leaving her naked. She froze, not knowing what to do. 

"Very nice," repeated Clint. "Your gift is accepted. I'll take her."

With that, Clint lashed out, smashing Cedric between the eyes. Cedric went down as though poleaxed.

"You're lucky you didn't actually hurt Marie," murmured Clint, "or they'd be burying you."

Clint moved over to Cedric and crouched down next to him, knife flashing in the sun.

"Oh, god, what are you doing," shrilled Mabel. "You can't kill him."

Clint laughed, the knife moving rapidly back and forth.

"Not killing. Not even cutting. Just giving him a warning."

A few moments later Clint arose and stepped back. Mabel stared down at the brother. Besides what looked like turning into two very black eyes, Cedric was now sporting a new hair style. Half his head was completely hairless, hair, beard and eyebrows, all carefully shaved off.

Clint laughed at Mabel. 

"I think he'll get the message," he said. "Now come along."

Mabel looked around for her dress. Her panties were useless, but at least she could put her dress back on. She was too slow, she saw, as Clint had already picked up her dress.

"I'll take that, thank you," she said. "You can be on your way."

"It's no problem," Clint told her. "I can carry it. And my way is also your way. Cedric gave you to me, remember? Now, come along." 

"What do you mean he gave me to you? You can't give people away."

"Well, if your Pa is trying to sell you, it seems only reasonable that your brother can give you away as a present. He did, I accepted and I now own you. That way. Let's go."

Mabel found herself being chivvied through the trees along an obscure path. She hadn't even known this old path existed and she thought she knew the area quite well.

"If I've got to go with you," she asked, "can I at least have my dress? It's embarrassing walking along like this."

"No," replied Clint. "Walking along naked will be a reminder of what is going to happen when I get you home. You'll find it will help to put you in the correct frame of mind."

Mabel walked in front of Clint, almost feeling his eye running over her figure. She was, she found, rolling her hip and swishing her bottom in a way that she would never normally do. What on earth did she think she was doing?

Mabel tried to sort through conflicting emotions. What would happen if she made a run for it? Would Clint chase her or just let her go. The idea that he would chase her and catch her was stomach churning. What if he caught her and decided not to wait? 

The other option, Mabel found even worse. What if he didn't chase her, but just let her go. That would be even more humiliating. And where would she go? Home to a father and brother that were preparing to sell her? Back to town? Naked? She'd never make it there a virgin, of that she was certain.

Suddenly Mabel brightened and swung along with fresh confidence. Marie would be at her brother's house and Marie was her friend. She wouldn't let Clint just drag her off to a bedroom for some bed fun. Marie would get her some clothes and then Mabel could stop and sort out what she wanted to do.

God, she felt hot, Mabel mused. It hadn't seemed such a hot day, but now. . . And she felt acutely conscious of her body. Clint was watching her, she just knew it. What was he thinking?

Mabel was relieved when Clint's new house came into sight. Finally she'd be able to get dressed and have someone to talk to. She liked Clint's new house. He'd obviously put some thought and effort into it. It was a proper house. Not a ramshackle cabin like most other places in the area. Mabel hurried in, calling out to Marie.

"If you want to attract Marie's attention you'll have to yell a little louder," drawled Clint. "She's visiting our parents for a week or so."

Clint caught the look of chagrin that flashed across Mabel's face and laughed.

"Did you think she'd be here to act as a protector?" he asked. "That explains your sudden rush to get here. And here was I, thinking that you couldn't wait to be alone with me."

"Well, you can think again," grumbled Mabel. "I'm just going to borrow some of Marie's things and then I'm out of here. And don't go getting any funny ideas. I know you. You're too much the white knight to rape me. You may try to scare me, but that's as far as you'll go."

"I'm afraid you're going to have to rethink your plans, Mabel," Clint told her. "Where do you think you're going to go? Home to the auction or to town, unprotected and fair game for anyone who knows about the auction?

Besides, you're forgetting one little detail and are too much the innocent to have really noticed a second detail."

"Oh, really?" said Mabel, ice in her voice. "Then why don't you enlighten me?"

"Gladly. Point one is you are mine to do with as I want. Cedric gave you to me, remember. Point two is that you've already decided to sleep with me. Or at least, your body has."

"You don't damn well own me and what gives you the idea that I want to sleep with you?" yelled Mabel, furious to feel a fire burning deep inside.

"I do damn well own you and I'm keeping you," retorted Clint. "And if you look at yourself you'll see that your nipples are doing everything but waving a flag to attract my attention. You're flushed and hot, and don't tell me it's the weather. And you're already wet for me. It's rather noticeable."

Mabel abruptly became aware of liquid easing down her between her legs. She blushed scarlet. She'd hit him if she thought she could connect. She still had her ace though. Clint was far too much the respected citizen to rape her, and they both knew it. Her confidence did take a bit of a hit when she saw that Clint was undressing, but she stood there, defying him.

Desperately not looking down, Mabel glared at Clint. 

"You're bluffing," she stated. "You're not going to rape me and we both know it."

"Then you should feel quite safe with my kissing you. After all, if I go too far all you have to do is say enough and I'll behave. Right?"

No. That's all wrong. Mabel knew it but what could she say? If she said no kissing he just might. . . He was a man and she was damn sure she shouldn't be trusting a man who was standing there naked.

"Remember, just say no," said a teasing voice and Mabel found Clint was kissing her.

A kiss. Mabel could handle a kiss. All she had to do was stand firm if he tried to do something more. She could ignore that thing pressing against her tummy. She could.

A kiss that grew into several kisses. Mabel could definitely feel those kisses, but it was still just a kiss. When a hand closed over her naked breast her eyes popped open.

That wasn't a kiss. Time's up, Clint. Mabel opened her mouth to tell him no, only to find his tongue slipping between her lips, tangling with hers. How can you say no when your mouth is fighting with him. Breathing hard, Mabel decided to let it go. He was just stroking her breast after all and quite frankly, it felt nice. Her breasts were tingling at his touch, seeming to set up resonances deeper down where fires were burning.

Mabel didn't notice when Clint eased her down onto the couch. It wasn't as though he was trying to take advantage. He was just making them both a little more comfortable. A few kisses and some light petting on her breast. She could handle this.

Clint would have to start touching her pussy if he seriously wanted to make love to her, Mabel decided. As soon as a hand touched her there, that would be it. She'd say no, loud and clear. So loud and clear that even Clint would get the message.

Mabel's confidence was rising. She could handle Clint. OK, one hand was doing strange things to her breast but the other was tangled in her hair while he kissed her. He wasn't even trying to grab her down below. So why was she feeling slightly disappointed?

The next touch Mabel felt had her eyes opening really wide. An adjustment to his hips and suddenly Clint's cock was pressing against her lips, starting to force them apart. A strangled sound came from her. Clint's hand in her hair was holding her head still while he ruthlessly ravished her mouth. How could she say no when she couldn't say anything at all. And his eyes were closed so she couldn't even signal to him that enough was enough.

Mabel started squirming, trying to out from under that intrusive cock. It was an unfortunate attempt, she had to admit. She moved the wrong way and Clint was inside her, sliding smoothly in. She stiffened, arching her back as a stab of pain went through her as Clint broke through her barriers and descended into her, nailing her neatly against the couch.

Clint was looking at her now, sympathy in his eyes. 

"It hurts initially," he consoled her, "but it will get better. Maybe you should have said no."

Mabel decided that she'd kill him. She didn't know how, but it was something she'd have to do. Should have said no? Maybe, if she hadn't been gagged by his tongue licking her tonsils, she might have been able to.

"It's fine, you rotten sod," she grumbled. "Just don't move at all."

And what had she said that was so funny, she wondered?

"That's not the way it works, sweetheart," Clint told her. "Just go with me."

Clint pressed firmly against Mabel and then withdrew slightly, watching her reactions. Again, a gentle increase of pressure against her, followed by relaxation and another slight withdrawal. 

Mabel, Clint could see, was considering what was happening to her. Her head was tilted slightly to the side while she concentrated on the feelings and emotions being stirred up within her. Her face was flushed, lips slightly swollen from being kissed, her breathing deepening as he moved gently within her.

His movement against her was subtly changing. Instead of a slow pressure and relaxation Clint was now starting to slide back and forth within Mabel. Time for some encouragement, he decided.

"You're doing well, sweetheart," he murmured. "Now why don't you start pushing up to meet me? You'll find it makes it easier." 

Feeling suspicious and nervous, and just a little excited over what was happening Mabel, followed Clint's advice. As he pushed into her she pressed up against him, giving a little squeak at the sudden increase in the sensations she was experiencing.

A natural talent, thought Clint, feeling Mabel moving under him with steadily increasing enthusiasm. He picked up the pace slightly.

Mabel lay under Clint, watching his face, unable to turn her eyes from him. She could feel her body moving in response to his, wild sensations running through her. Clint's face was the only thing she could see, a slight flush on it and a bright eagerness in his eyes as he possessed her.

Her eyes slowly closed, blotting out everything but Clint moving on her, in her. Nothing was to be allowed to distract her from that. She was gasping, pressing eagerly to meet his every move, hyper-sensitive to every movement he made.

Clint took Mabel along slowly, gradually increasing the tempo, giving Mabel time to adjust as he drove her along the path he wanted her to take. She was his now, her every movement attested to that fact. He increased the pace a little more.

Mabel was lost. She bounced happily under Clint, letting him make the running. Joyfully she responded, delighting in what was being done to her. Tensions were building in her, but she was willing to let them. Clint was in control and he wouldn't hurt her.

Clint was fast running out of control. Mabel under him, pleasing him, was becoming more than he could handle. He gave a final acceleration, driving in hard and fast for the run home.

When Mabel felt Clint coming inside her she tensed for a moment. A moment was all the time her body allowed her. Her climax swept through her, picking her up and carrying her away, finally leaving her stranded and gasping, unsure what had happened but wanting it to happen again.

Lying there afterwards, Mabel broached the subject of her going home.

"Do you mind if I borrow a couple of Marie's things to wear going home?" she asked.

"Yes and no," replied Clint. "You may borrow some of Marie's things until I get you your own things. But you are home. You're mine now, remember? That means this is your home. And it has the advantage that you won't find yourself being sold off."

"Clint," protested Mabel. "I can't just move into Marie's room. What would she say?"

"Nothing. You won't be in Marie's room, sweetheart," smiled Clint.