 Mandy strolled into Robert's office trying unsuccessfully to conceal her excitement. "All ready for tonight Robert? I can't wait for our meal, you know I love Italian. Why won't you tell me where we're going? I need to know so I can pick an outfit!!"

Robert ginned across the room at Mandy with the spark in his eye which only Mandy understood. 

"You'll just have to wait and see. Just make sure you are dressed for the occasion, if you catch my drift, I am sure you will look stunning in whatever you wear." 

Mandy smiled, "Well in that case can I go home now to get ready?"

"As long as you make the time up Mandy, I don't want the staff to think you are getting some kind of special treatment"

"Of course, we wouldn't want that Robert, would we?" With that, Mandy walked out of Roberts's office.

Mandy pushed her key into the door of her one-bedroom bedsit, to find her cat Whiskers sitting by the kitchen sink; he crept over to her and brushed against her chest in a hello gesture.

Mandy petted Whiskers and gently kissed him on the head as she whispered "Guess who's in for a treat tonight boy?"

She grinned to herself as she unbuttoned her shirt and walked towards the bathroom; she turned the shower on and slid her skirt and knickers to the floor. The warmth of the hot water as she entered the shower, together with thoughts of that coming night, made her body tingle and relax.

She wondered to herself where Robert could be taking her and what exactly they would get up to. He had seemed a bit distant recently; maybe work was getting on top of him a little. Either way, Mandy had made a decision; she was going to give Robert something to remember.

Robert tidied away his desk for the evening. He carefully shut down his shiny new Apple Mac he received from the MD as recognition for closing the £75,000 advertising deal with British Airways a few days earlier. He'd been working on that project for over 18 months. Heading through the door, Robert let out a heavy sigh of relief; he dimmed the lights, and locked up for the night. Little did Mandy know that she was in for a lot more than just a meal tonight!

As Robert climbed into his XJ220, the smell of leather flared his nostrils. It always made him excited, and tonight was no better time for it. He pulled out the hands free kit from the dash, and dialled Mandy's home number. The sound of a faint dial tone came from the speakers, after two rings the call diverted.

Mandy ran to her mobile lying on her bed, her skin still speckled with water from the shower. "Hello Robert, what a nice surprise!"

"Hope you are going to be ready for seven" Robert played.

"You just make sure you've reserved the table Robert and leave the rest to me."

"See you soon" with that, Robert hung up. 

Mandy eyed herself in the mirror as she walked to her wardrobe; she was going to make sure to look like a million dollars tonight. She pulled her black cocktail dress from its hanger and threw it on the bed as she sat down. She slowly rolled her black stockings onto her thighs, and clasped them onto the suspenders she had bought a few days before. 

An hour later Mandy was ready and still wondering where Robert would be taking her. She gave herself one more admiring look in the hallway mirror before grabbing her handbag and walking out of the door. As she arrived in the foyer of her block of flats, she smiled to see Robert's gorgeous jag parked right outside the door. She was pleasantly surprised to see Robert get out and open her door for her. The soft leather in the car was warm from the heat and Mandy hitched her dress up just a little bit as Robert settled into the drivers seat. He looked at her thigh and then slowly over the rest of her,

"You look stunning Mandy"; 

Mandy blushed and smiled, "you scrub up quite nicely yourself Robert, now tell me where you are taking me!" 

Robert laughed, "You'll see."

With that, he wheel span out onto the road and started his secret journey. They chatted all the way but Robert couldn't get his mind off the thought of how Mandy was planning to thank him for what he had in store. They drove down the street a few junctions and, as Robert reached the slip road onto the by-pass, he floored the accelerator and the Jaguar thundered out onto the dual-carriageway, pinning them both comfortably to the seats, he always loved doing that. From the expression on Mandy's face, it seemed she'd enjoyed it also.

"Where are we going Robert, all the restaurants are back into town." quizzed Mandy. Robert chuckled again. 

"I can't tell you where, but it'll be the most memorable night of your life Mandy" Robert replied. The sense of excitement in his voice was showing through, and Mandy looked quizzingly at him trying to work out what was going on.

As Robert shifted into 6th gear, the Jag gave a jolt and they were soon speeding down the road. Rather than grab the wheel, his left hand slid over and rested on Mandy's thigh. His subtle manly grip sent shivers through her pelvis and it was clear that she was enjoying it She tried to contain her excitement as she felt herself moisten with lust for the man sitting next to her, so close but unable to touch him.

They carried on driving for about an hour. Mandy carried on quizzing Robert in anticipation, she could tell he was excited and wanted to know why.

"Robert what are you planning?" Mandy quizzed again.

"You are frisky, aren't you? Just hold your horses. Good things come to those who wait."

With that comment Mandy's mind flurried back to the last night her and Robert had spent together, it been the most erotic nights of her life, he had left her in awe. Those quick fumbles in the office, excited by the fact they could get caught at any second had left her feeling almost as if Robert was a drug or some sort of forbidden pleasure. She couldn't wait to feel his touch again.

As they continued their journey, Mandy could tell they were close; she was getting hungry now but not just for food.

"We'll soon be there," commented Robert, curbing his excitement, "I hope your hungry, I've ordered our food for when we arrive. I hope you like the menu I chose for us."

Mandy couldn't contain her suspicions any more. "Oh, Robert, do tell me. Your teasing is not fair, you know I don't like it!" she pouted, hoping to get an answer, or at least a clue as to where they were headed.

"You will see, I promise you will like it." Robert replied, his hand still resting on her right thigh. 

He gazed over, and caught Mandy's eyes; there was that same distinct twinkle that only Mandy recognised. She'd guessed now that they weren't just going for a meal, and longed for them to arrive at the destination.

Roberts hand shifted to the edge of her dress and hitched it up slightly. "Well, I know I asked you to dress accordingly, but these suspenders are a surprise!" Robert felt a rush of blood to his groin as he flashed back to a previous rendezvous with Mandy's eclectic choice of under garments, she was obviously one of Ann Summers more regular visitors. His sex was stiffening up and, from the corner of her eye, Mandy saw a bulge appearing. Her mouth watered as she imagined the taste of his manhood deep in her throat.

She'd been craving his touch ever since their office encounter, That was the last time they had touched, they had been disturbed before he had penetrated her which had left such a sexual tension between them both that every time she saw him she couldn't control her feelings and wanted him there and then. With his hand slowly creeping further up her leg she got flashes of their past rendezvous...hot...sensual...remarkable, but a torture that it wasn't completed.

Every time Robert looked at Mandy, he couldn't help but want to pull over into a lay-by and slide that dress up to her hips and have his way with her, but he kept his horny mind focused on what was waiting for them when they arrived. Mandy let one finger nail run up his pressed trouser legs and down his groin, his mind flickered back to the present situation and knew that what he had with Mandy was better than anything he had ever experienced before. He could tell from her body language that she was in an extra excitable mood tonight and he couldn't wait to excite her, which was for certain.

Then he turned into the two mile long driveway of their destination a gravel driveway rolled out in front of them, and in the dim light of the evening, the poplar trees lining the private road loomed over like a canopy. Robert dipped his headlamps and followed the softly glowing red lights up the meandering drive for 20 minutes. 

Mandy's face exploded with awe and wonderment as the 3rd storey west wing of an old Victorian mansion peeked over the trees. As they moved closer, the building grew larger and larger. In front of the main doors was a gargantuan fountain circled by a gravel track and several large flower beds in full bloom.

"Oh my god Robert, you really have pushed the boat out here." Mandy couldn't believe her eyes. She felt like a child again and giggled with excitement. "C'mon, let's get inside. I'm so hungry...I just can't wait to see what you've got in store next."

Robert thought on those last few words for a moment and the excitement that had built up whilst cruising up the driveway was replaced with a lust for Mandy. His shaft grew again, he leaned over Mandy's lap, and planted a longing kiss on her lips, he tasted her lipstick and smelt the aroma of her premium perfume, and he lingered for more. 

As Mandy pulled back from Roberts kiss she breathed in deeply at the smell of his expensive cologne, the one that had lingered on her skin the last time she had had Robert to herself. She knew he was aching for her and knowing how much she turned him on was such a thrill for Mandy.

She thought to herself as Robert came to her side and opened the door for how fantastic a place he had brought her to. The structure of this fantastic building was genius and from looking through the huge Venetian shutters the decor looked out of this world. Good old company credit card she smirked.

As Robert pulled an overnight bag from the back seat of the Jag Mandy noticed a second "I took the liberty of ordering some clothes and toiletries for you since you were unaware we will be staying overnight"

Mandy gasped and then smiled the smile Robert loved, that dirty smile where she only raised on side of her mouth "Robert I knew we maybe spending the whole evening together but I never realised I would be needing clothes."

Robert winked at her "darling, they're not exactly what you would call "clothes", more of a present from me to you and then you to me"

Mandy laughed and Robert carried both bags into the reception area to check in, Mandy followed closely behind watching his pert buttocks through his thin expensive trousers. As they approached the house, the huge oak doors of the main entrance, flanked on either side by two pairs of large marble columns and an ornate marble fretwork balustrade, began to move, slowly at first and with a creaky groan.

Mandy peeked through the gap, and was amazed to see a massively ornate interior with a huge double staircase and 6 foot chandelier hanging from the roof of the foyer, just 60 foot above them. She gasped in awe and looked at Robert.

As if from nowhere, a porter appeared. "Ahh, Mr. Franklin how wonderful to meet you. And I see we have a female guest as well, excellent. Dinner will be served at nine, we have it all laid out in the Kings Hall, just as you requested."

Robert looked towards Mandy and motioned her into the foyer, "After you my dear." he said pulling himself from the doorway.

Mandy took a few hesitant steps inside and then turned on the spot. She was stood between the double staircase and the door. Above her, 60 foot up, was the pinnacle of a massive dome, excessively decorated in the Renaissance style. Her jaw dropped and she looked towards Robert "I have never seen anything like this in my life Robert; I can't believe you have gone to all this trouble! But where are the other guests?"

"Well that's the beauty of it Mandy, I have hired the whole building, it's just you and me and the servants at our beck and call"

Mandy hugged Robert, "I can't believe you done this for us!"

Robert grinned at Mandy, "you can give me a proper thank you later"

The butler returned with a porter called Tim who took their bags "you have requested the master bedroom Mr Franklin and may I say what an excellent choice. Of course, if you feel the need you are more than welcome to choose any other bedroom; we would like you to use the manor as if it were you own for your weekend." Mandy looked at Robert once more "weekend"?

"Oh did I not mention darling, I have hired the place out until Sunday, so please make yourself comfortable"

Mandy looked disappointed "Robert I have to be in the office at 9 tomorrow for the seal on the Wilson deal"

"Don't worry Mandy, I'll handle that."

Mandy looked unimpressed, "if you say so."

As Mandy turned around once more to study the breath taking building she felt Roberts hand slide down her buttock with a quick pinch of her left buttock, he said "Darling, shall we go freshen up before dinner, I'm sure after that trip you'll want a quick trip to the ladies room...." Robert then slid his hand to the join between her buttocks and caressed her arse, lusting for her sex once more. 

Tim motioned them to follow, "right this way please sir, madam. Might I say that we're especially pleased to have you here this weekend? Please, if you need anything just ring the nearest bell, there are levers all over the building." 

As they climbed the staircase, Mandy could feel her sex moistening once more, she wanted Robert inside her, and she couldn't contain it much longer. Her imagination was stunned by the massively ornate decor, but it still lusted for Robert, and was running wild with ideas. Upon approaching the bedroom, the doors flung open and Mandy looked stunned at the sight before her. Their room was almost as big as her one bedroom flat and was more stunning than she could have ever hoped for. 

She walked further into the room and looked back at Robert; he was smiling, and pleased she looked so radiant and excited about such a grand surprise.

Mandy wondered into the bathroom which was almost completely marble with a gold leaf trim. The largest bath tub she had ever seen sat right in the middle of this ornate romm. She tingled with a thought that rushed through her mind "Robert, do I have time for a quick dip?"

"Feel free." replied Robert. Mandy twisted the golden taps to full and poured a few drops of the complimentary bubble bath into the rippling water.

She kicked off her shoes and let her dress slip down her body onto the floor, she stepped out of it and turned to look into the room, as she had expected Robert was watching her every move. Robert was fixated at the scene Mandy was providing, undressing before him as if a personal strip tease that she did with such ease that oozed femininity. As she turned to the bath again in just her suspenders and bra she bent over in a provocative manner and turned the taps down a little. As she went to stand upright again she felt Roberts warm hand slide down her spine, once again her skin tingled. She bent up, turned around and looked into Roberts beautiful green eyes they stared deep into her, and she liked it. Her body tingled as his arms firmly, but gently, clasped her torso, and pulled her into him.

Passionately, and with a lust so strong, Robert French kissed her. As he did, Mandy slid her hands between their groins and unbuttoned Roberts' Armani trousers. Slowly, they dropped to the floor, and Robert stepped out of them. "Oh, briefs tonight is it Robert" Mandy remarked with a smirk on her face. "Would you care to join me?" She asked, invitingly. 

Roberts' eye twinkled, and he politely replied "would madam care for my presence, or shall I get the champagne?" Without further word from Mandy, she removed his tie, and unbuttoned his shirt. Slowly, she pulled away and Robert followed. They stepped into the lowered bath together, their tongues still entwined. He sat with his back to the bath tub, and Mandy between his legs facing away. They slid, together, down into the bath. Robert moved his left hand towards her sex, and the other cupped her right breast. In a rhythmic pattern, he circled her clitoris and nipple with his fore-finger. Waves of pleasure leapt through Mandy's body and she couldn't contain the moan that quickly built up inside her. She arched her back and Robert pushed two fingers into her and began to fuck her with them, still twirling her right nipple between his thumb and finger. As the rhythm got a little faster Mandy slipped her right hand behind her back and gently clasped Roberts throbbing member she moved her hand up and down in the same motion Robert was fucking her.

Robert leant forwards and kissed her neck as her stroked her hair....."I want you" he whispered in her ear and with that Mandy lifted herself up still facing away from him and lowered herself onto his sex. She pushed him inside her further with a slow rocking motion and she threw her head back as she remembered how large he was.

He straightened his legs underneath her to give more room and was still tenderly kissing her back. As her rocks became harder his breathing became heavier and slight moans were escaping his mouth. 

"Have you missed me Robert" Mandy moaned as she thrust back into him in a way that made Robert want to cum. "Of course I have Mandy. I've wanted you more than life itself." Robert clenched his buttocks to relieve the sensation of wanting to cum.

Without warning, the room's private line rang. It was one of those old fashioned decorated types, with a dial instead of pin pad. This particular unit had an ebony base unit and handset with built in speaker, trimmed around the edged with gold leaf. Robert reached out, and pressed the loud speaker button.

"Good evening Mr. Franklin," a posh, but friendly, voice said over the phone, "this is Victor, your butler calling. Is the room to your liking, can we get you anything at all?" 

"The room is stunning Victor, thank you. Would you be able to hold dinner off for an hour, we'd like to dine at 10pm now." Robert asked politely. 

"Of course Mr. Franklin, I'll let the chef know right away. Oh, and Mr. Franklin..." He paused. 

"Yes Victor?" 

"The entire staff, including myself is at your service for 24 hours; please do call us if you require anything at all..." He finished.

"Thank you Victor, very kind of you. Can you call us again at 10pm please, we may be carried away with other things up here..." asked Robert as he thrust further into Mandy's shuddering sex, feeling her g-spot.

Mandy yelped with pleasure, and started to ride the explosion of ecstasy she was experiencing. She reached up and lifted her hair as she rode Roberts sex harder and harder, "don't forget Robert, I'm at your service 24 hours as well!"

Robert thrust again, harder this time making Mandy splash the water as her legs spasmed.

"I shall make sure I take full advantage of your service," said Robert as he held Mandy's hips and bent her over.

Mandy put her hands on the bottom of the bath tub as she flaunted her buttocks in the air in such an enticing way that Robert was overwhelmed and rammed his hard sex inside her. 

Their playful sex turned to fucking now, and Mandy's' moans got louder, Robert leant forward and flicked her nipples hard with his left hand whilst doing the same to her throbbing clit with his right. As Mandy threw her head back in pure ecstasy, Robert pulled her further onto him as he grunted with pleasure.

Mandy moaned, "I want you to cum Robert. I need you in me." 

Robert had been holding back his ejaculation because he wanted her to orgasm but he could tell by the aggression in Mandy's voice she was very close, he ground deep inside her so he was sure she could feel his every throb and started fucking her, moving his pelvis in a circular motion.
