 Steph smiled up at me as her eyes spied the outline of my cock. The thin material of my black bikinis outlined the growing head of my dick. As I stood near her, she fidgeted nervously on the chair. I handed her the beer, and she swallowed a big drink. She didn't know what to expect. Here she was in the home of her brother's best friend gazing at his growing cock. She often stopped by my place to swim, but we never ended up inside alone before.

Steph was a truly beautiful girl. 5' 3" blonde hair, blue eyes. 112 pounds. 36 C chest 25 inch waist and 35 inch hips. Really cute face with a tiny turned up nose and gorgeous freckles liberally sprinkled over her soft white face. The look on her face was one of confusion. She'd had a crush on me since she was a kid. She was 18 now, just graduated from high school. She'd been visiting my pool for a couple of years. Usually with her brother Ron, who was my best friend. But for the past couple of weeks she was coming by all by herself. Ron was at basic training for the military. Steph would show up around 4 when she knew I'd be home from work. We'd lay on rafts and swim and talk and drink a few beers. (Yes I know that she is under age.) 

She'd wear a skimpy black bikini that really showed off her curves. When she'd get out of the water, I'd often see her firm nipples poking through. She'd usually dry off and then she'd head home. I often jacked off after she left, her image etched into my mind. 

I usually wore plain trunks, but I recently bought some black briefs for swimming. I was wearing those when Steph showed up today. I answered her knock on the door. She was wearing a tee shirt and nylon shorts over her bikini. I walked out and I felt her eyes on the bulge of my crotch. We walked to the pool and I glanced at her cute face. I could feel my cock stiffen slightly. We got to the pool and she slipped the tee shirt off and stepped out of her shorts. Mmmmmmmmm . We swam for a couple laps then we laid on the rafts for a half hour. The wind picked up and a storm was coming. We threw the cover on the pool and headed for the house. I invited her in and we sat in the living room. I got her a beer and I noticed her staring at my crotch. I thought about making a move, but decided to be more subtle. I excused myself and went in the bathroom. 

In the bathroom I saw the bikini underwear that I had worn to work. They were black and looked like my swimsuit except they were much thinner and slightly more revealing. I stripped of my swimsuit and pulled the underwear on. I looked in the mirror and got ready for the show. I tucked my cock in and flushed the commode for effect. I took a deep breath and returned to the living room. She was watching television and didn't notice my wardrobe change right away. I walked near her chair to check the progress of the storm. I felt her eyes gazing at my ass as I looked outside. Now I could feel her eyes riveted to my cock. She swallowed the beer and smiled nervously. My cock began to grow. The head of my cock threatened to pop out the waistband, but the elasic restrained it. Steph shifted in the chair and her gorgeous breasts seemed to push further out of the small top.

I went over and sat on the couch across from Steph. She shifted slightly and I got a glimpse of her soft pubic hair sticking out of her suit. I asked her if she wanted another beer and she volunteered to get one for each of us. I watched her firm young ass wiggle as she headed to the kitchen. My stiff cock was bent diagonally across my lap, but that's the only way it could stay covered. I glanced in the mirror on the wall, and I could see Steph rubbing the cold beer bottles over her nipples. So, she was trying to tease me a little. 

When she handed me my beer, she leaned forward so that her face was inches away from mine. I brushed my hand lightly across her face and she blushed. I motioned for her to sit next to me on the couch and she shyly sat down. Our eyes met, and we knew what was going to happen. I leaned over and softly kissed her moist lips. Her sweet tongue gently probed my mouth and my hands caressed her soft back. As we kissed, I felt my cock spring from my bikinis. Steph's eyes were closed, and I reached behind her and untied her bikini top. I slipped the thin material from between us and my hairy chest crushed her firm tits against her chest. 

I felt her trembling hand sliding down my side then I heard her gasp as she found my exposed erection. I pulled her against me and we laid on the couch with her on top of me. We continued to kiss as she humped her pussy against my throbbing erection. My hands massaged her firm ass and I felt her hot nipples burning against my chest. Steph was soooo hot. I tugged on her bikini bottom and she raised up enough for me to slide it off. I eased her back on the couch and I laid down between her sexy tanned legs. Her pussy was almost bare with just a few little tufts of very light brown hair. I nibbled the inside of her thighs and my fingers twisted and tugged her nipples. 

Softly she moaned my name as my tongue reached her clit. I licked her and her hips bucked up to meet my tongue. Soon she gasped and squealed that she was cumming. More to come.