 My hands gripped Steph's firm little ass and my tongue burrowed deep into her sweet little cunt. My face and beard were coated with her juice. Her legs were spread eagled and cum ran down the crack of her ass. I rubbed my mustache against her fiery hot clit and slid a finger deep into her tight puckered asshole. She whispered " God I'm cumming again." I felt the muscles in her virgin asshole spasm on my finger as waves of pleasure made her body shudder. 

My tongue pressed against the opening of her pussy and I tongue fucked her again and again. She was grinding her pussy into my face in a frenzy of lust. Finally she closed her smooth sexy legs and begged me to stop. I raised my head from her steaming crotch and looked up at her gorgeous face. She was glowing with a serene smile lighting up her face. I move up to kiss her sweet lips and I noticed a few small tears trailing down her face. What's wrong, babe?" 

I asked. Steph whispered, "Nothing is wrong, I just wanted this for so long and it was as good as I thought it would be." "I wish we had done it long ago," she said. 

She looked perfect lying there on the couch. Her blonde curls framed her flushed face. Her rose-colored nipples stood proudly out from the white flesh of her firm breasts. Small beads of sweat lay on her flat stomach. Her sexy legs spread wide, a trickle of cum oozing from within her soft pussy lips. She smiled and said," looks like you need a new swimsuit." I looked down and saw that half of my seven inch cock was sticking out of my suit. She told me to stand up and she knelt on the floor in front of me. 

She grabbed the material of my suit in her teeth and slid it down my legs. My hard on towered over her head and she reached up and began slowwwwly jacking me off. Her soft lips kissed my cock and she took one of my balls into her mouth. Steph's soft tongue caressed and stroked my right nut as her small hand pumped up and down my stiff shaft. She released my ball and sucked the other one into her mouth where she bathed it with her hot saliva. 

My cock had never been so hard. Stephs's hand stroked me from my balls all the way to the swollen head. She spread my precum over the length of my throbbing tool. She made soft cooing sounds as she continued licking and sucking my cum bloated balls. 

Steph smiled up at me and pulled me down to my knees. She lay flat on the floor in front of me and began licking my hot aching cock. I watched her sweet white ass as she got herself comfortable. Her hot mouth engulfed the head of my cock and she began slowly bobbing her head up and down as her hand continued jerking me off. I reach down and ran my fingers through her long silky hair. I reached beneath her and played with her rock hard nipples. The sensation of her mouth on my cock was unbelievable. 

I knew she had a couple of boyfriends, but I don't know where she learned to suck a cock like this. Her tongue was like a snake, darting and probing my meat. Her cheeks sucked in against the sides of my shaft like a hot wet glove. When she licked her finger and pressed it against the puckered muscles of my asshole, I couldn't hold back any longer. "I'm cumming, baby," I cried out. Steph didn't miss a stroke, she continued jacking me off and she directed the first jet of my cum onto those gorgeous tits. My cum shot right onto her left nipple and areola. 

The next spurt hit her chin, but the rest of my jism was taken by her soft sucking mouth. My cock jerked and delivered several more jets into the warmth of Steph's mouth. She sucked every last drop out while she gently played with my exhausted balls. 

"That was nice," Steph said as she finally released my cock. 

"Nice isn't the word for it baby." I said. " INCREDIBLE is the word for it" We laid in each others arms for a while, just enjoying the afterglow. Steph fell asleep in my arms and I watched the most beautiful girl I had ever met sleep. 

More to cum...