 I must have dozed off. It was 10 o'clock when I woke up. I heard the water running in the shower. I walked to the door and knocked quietly. I said," Hey, babydoll, do you need someone to wash your back?" Steph laughed and said, "Come on in and you can wash anything you want." I walked in and I could see her sweet body through the shower doors. She opened the door slightly and smiled at me. I got in the shower with her and felt the hot water cascade over my back. 

Steph pulled my face down and kissed me sweetly. God she was gorgeous even with her hair soaking wet. I hugged her, pulling her perfect tits against my hairy chest. My hands wandered down to Steph's firm ass and I felt her small hands reaching my cock. As I kneaded the flesh of her awesome ass, she started fondling my balls. My hard on surged to life at her delicate touch. I soaped up Steph's back and sexy shoulders, and washed the suds away as her hand wandered up and down the full length of my cock. I began washing her breasts and flat stomach. 

She opened her smooth legs and I washed the small patch of light brown hair which framed her soft pink pussy. I knelt in the shower and washed her legs and her small almost childlike feet. She giggled as I washed between her toes. I washed her hair and offered to shave her legs. She looked a little puzzled at first, but then she said, "Sure, nobody ever offered to do that before." I lathered her sexy right leg and shaved it carefully. I move to the left leg, and shaved it smooth. " Do you want me to do your underarms, babe? I asked. 

She smiled and said," Sure if you don't mind." I smiled and kissed her and began shaving her delicate armpits. When I finished I asked her if there was anything else I could do, she said, "No, let me wash you now." Who was I to argue with a gorgeous young blonde. Steph lathered me up from head to toe. She washed my chest and gently licked both of my hard nipples. She washed my half hard cock and my hairy balls. She had me kneel down and she shampooed my hair while rubbing those hard nipples against my back. After we finished showering, we toweled each other off. 

Steph asked, " What do you want to do now?" My cock was still throbbing from the attention she gave it in the shower. I took her pretty face in my hands and I whispered ,"I want to fuck that tight little pussy of yours til I fill you with cum." I didn't wait for an answer. I picked Steph up and sat her on the edge of the bathroom sink. I kissed her mouth firmly and my tongue began battering the inside of her hot mouth. My fingers slid down her stomach and found the puffy lips of your sweet cunt. As we kissed, my fingers gently rolled back the soft rose colored lips of Steph's gorgeous pussy. 

I slid my index finger up the length of her soft pussy. I rubbed the top of Steph's clit hood and she softly sighed. My fingers probed the opening of her pussy and she opened her legs wide open to receive my attention. While I played with her pussy, Steph took her right foot and softly rubbed the sole of it against my erection. My cock sprang to attention from the feel of her dainty foot. She began jacking me off with her foot as I felt her pussy juice begin to flow. My fingers were coated with Steph's nectar and I took a few drops and spread it on her beautiful breasts. She was sucking on my tongue and panting when she finally said, "Jim I need your cock inside me." 

Since I am 6'3" tall, my cock lined up almost perfectly with Steph's cunt as she sat on the sink. She guided my cock to her pussy and separated her lips for me. I eased forward and I felt the soft walls of her vagina envelop me. Steph gasped as my cock stretched the opening of her tight young pussy. "ooooh, baby ," Steph moaned as my balls reached down to nestle against her ass. I was deep in her pussy, and we started a very slow rhythm. I'd slide my cock in till my balls bumped against her ass, then I'd pull out till I could see the rim of my cock head almost slip from her slippery slit.

Then I'd slowly slide all seven inches of my cock into the heat of her snatch. I gradually increased the pace and Steph began to moan and throw her head back and forth. I kissed her sweet face and licked her sexy neck and clavicles. My hands groped her firm ass cheeks as I began ramming my cock harder and harder. Her ass made squeaking noises as my ramming made her slip on the smooth surface of the sink.

Her eyes rolled back in her head and she gasped out, "God, Jim I'm cumming babyyyyyy." The sound and passion in Steph's voice brought me to the verge of cumming. I rammed my swollen dick deeper and deeper and she moaned louder and louder. She squealed again, "I'm cummming again and her hot pussy clamped hard against my rod. With a final thrust, I slammed my cock into her soft pussy and exploded deep within Steph. My cum shot out in huge torrents, time and time again splashing my hot cum into the depths of her beautiful pussy. Steph whimpered as I pulled her close, mashing her tits against my sweaty chest. She look up at me with a mixture of gratitude and pure love as I kissed her sweet forehead. My cock slipped out of her pussy and I picked her up and carried her to my bed.

More to cum.