 We leave work at the same time. You tell me that you would be over after you go home and take care of your pets for a little while. I tell you that I will be waiting up for you. You kiss me quickly on the forehead before you climb into your car and drive hastily away. On my way home, all I can think about is how wonderful this night is going to be – having you all to myself, spending the night in your arms, and waking to you pushing me farther and farther off of the bed (smile).

When I arrive at my apartment door, I quickly unlock it and immediately collapse onto the nearby couch, flip on the television, and let the full exhaustion from the night overtake my body.

Next thing I know, you’re leaning over me, blowing on my face in that sweet way you always do – “just to see that cute face that I make.” I realize I must have left the door unlocked and didn’t hear you knock.

You smile at me and whisper, “Let’s go upstairs.” I allow you to help me to my feet. You insist that I go up the stairs first so that if I fall, you can catch me. Really, I know you just want to stare at my ass on the way up.

Once upstairs, you quickly but carefully undress me and yourself. You instruct me to lie belly-down on the bed. As soon as I lie down, you gently take my left foot in your hands and begin to massage my weary muscles. Your hands – so strong and beautiful – slowly erase all tension from my exhausted body.

You begin at my toes and work your way up. Knowing that my calves are ticklish, you quickly move your hands to higher places – my thighs, my hips, and finally, you reach my back. Kneading my sore muscles with your soft fingertips, you eventually make you way to my neck. You run your fingernails lightly over my shoulders and the back of my slender neck, causing goosebumps to prickle all over my naked flesh.

Soon, your fingertips are replaced by your lips. You place soft, wet kisses on the sides of my neck and playfully begin to nibble on my tender earlobes, once again causing my body to cover with billions of little, tiny goosebumps.

Your hands, which I adore for the relief they have just brought my aching muscles, begin to move over the curves of my body. First, you reach beneath me, cupping each of my breasts with those beautiful hands, playfully pulling and rolling my now erect nipples between your thumb and forefinger, causing me to moan in ecstatic pleasure.

You make a trail with your tongue down my spine that ends in a gentle kiss at the small of my back. Your hands soon follow your soft lips down to the curve of my hips. You once again reach beneath me and press your fingers against the bones in my hips, caressing them. You know how much I like it when you hear me sigh at your loving touch.

You then run your hands down once again to my thighs, only this time you slip your hand between my legs, feeling the heat of my excitement.

First, you slip one finger inside me as it testing the water, as if you don’t already know how turned on I am.

You comment, “So wet, as always,” smiling your coy little smile at me. I return your smile and tell you that I love you. I turn over onto my back so I can watch you.

You then slip a second finger inside of me, feeling my wetness envelop your fingers, and begin to pump your hand in and out, slowly at first, but quickly picking up pace. 

It feels so wonderful, at first, I am unable to do anything other than writhe in pleasure at your touch. Now, breathing heavily and rapidly, I begin to grope for you. Finding you just as excited as I am, I begin to run my hand up and down you, grasping you, bringing you closer to orgasm, closer to me.

Finally you can’t stand it any longer. You crawl up on your knees and quickly straddle my chest. I immediately take you into my mouth, running my tongue along your length, swirling around you. I begin to stroke my hand up and down, pumping you in and out of my wanting, waiting mouth. I listen to the moans escaping from you, the encouraging words, and the quick soft gasps.

As I suck and lick you, you reach behind yourself, reinserting your fingers to their previous position. You begin to jam your fingers in and out of me, bringing the perfect mixture of pleasure and pain, causing my hips to buck involuntarily and causing me to cry out your name.

Your breathing becomes harder and heavier, signaling your approaching climax. You thrust yourself into and out of my mouth, while thrusting your fingers inside me.

Suddenly, I feel your body tense and you begin to shudder and simultaneously you press your hand against me, sending waves of pleasure rushing over me. I continue to run my tongue over you until the pleasure becomes too great for you. 

You then lick my taste from your fingers and on shaky legs begin to crawl up next to me to lie down. You take one of my still erect nipples into your mouth and gently bite it and then lick your way up to my neck.

As you gaze into my eyes, you tell me that you love me and that you always will, kiss me passionately and then lay your head on my shoulder and we drift off into a deep sleep, only to wake the next morning in each others arms.