 *This story is a continuation of the story, "After Work Delight"

After Raymond and I fucked in his truck one night after work, everything changed. Suddenly, I was someone's mistress and it was a job I took very seriously. He wanted me to keep his secrets, and I was planning on keeping them. There was just one little problem that needed solving. I wanted him all of the time. I walked into work each day, my pussy dripping with anticipation. Maybe this would be the day that Raymond came back for more.

I had been careful not to crowd him too much. I knew that he was married with children and I knew how guilty I felt about what I had done with him. I flashed back to the way he had taken control of me in his truck. I could feel my panties were soaked by my juices. I would have to go take them off.

"Good morning," Raymond said as I walked past his desk and to the restroom. I pulled my panties off and balled them up to throw into my purse. He had no idea what he was doing to me just by existing. I washed my hands and made my way back onto the floor. I walked back toward my desk, taking careful care to walk past Raymond in a provocative way.

"Excuse me," Raymond called out to me as I passed.

"Yes?" I asked.

"I need your help with something. Maybe you can take a moment?"

"Sure. Of course. What can I help you with, Raymond?" It was good that no one was close enough to hear me. My words were dripping with sexuality. Raymond's eyes penetrated my own. I could feel him looking through me and seeing my hunger for him.

"Come on this way," he walked and I followed until we were at the end of the hall. He keyed into a door that I had never seen the other side of. It swung open and I saw that this was a supply closet. There were stacks of paper, desks that weren't being used, and even an old water cooler that looked like it had been in storage for a while. Raymond closed the door and made sure it was locked with the deadbolt. "We are alone. Finally."

"At work?" I asked, feeling a bit timid. Raymond was awesome but I wasn't sure that it was a good idea for us to be fucking at work. After work was one thing but during? This was crazy.

"Yeah. Isn't this hot? It's private and no one will ever think to look for us here. This is one of the only spots with no cameras. We can do anything we want as long as you're not too noisy. You think you can handle this?" His hand reached out and grabbed my ass and before I knew it he was pulling me to him for a sensual kiss. I could feel the stubble from his face as it brushed against my own. He was so sexy and I felt myself melting into him. I wanted his cock in me so fucking badly. Against my better judgment, I decided that fucking in the storage room was going to happen. How could I resist Raymond? 

"Yeah?" I squeaked. I was so nervous my whole body was shaking. Why did Raymond always do this to me? He turned me into a nervous, sniveling wreck. He made me want things I knew I shouldn't want. Raymond was a married man with children and I had no business fucking him. I had been trying my hardest to resist him but I had failed and I was about to fail again. I could barely stand my own desire. It was so intense. He kissed me deeply and I felt like I was melting into the floor of the supply closet.

"Good girl. I've been thinking about this pussy so much," he told me.

"You have?"

"Yes. Now give it to me," he stuck his hand up my skirt and gave me a naughty smile when he found that I wasn't wearing panties.

"No underwear?" He gave me a grin that made me feel proud of myself for taking off my soaked panties. I wasn't going to bother wearing panties from now on. I wanted to give Raymond easy access.

"Yeah. I took them off."

"You naughty girl. Get on your knees and suck my cock for me." He grabbed me by the shoulders and forced me to my knees. I wasn't sure I liked the way he was just pushing me down like that but I went with it and opened my mouth, taking his thick cock in. I tried my best to take his cock as far down my throat as I could. I wanted to impress him and be better at everything than his wife was. I wanted to make myself valuable to him. I wanted him to need me sexually or otherwise. I wanted him to need me the way that I needed him. "Good girl. I like the way you suck dick. You ready to get fucked here in the supply closet?"

I nodded, my mouth still wrapped around his cock.

"Good girl. Come on up here," he found an old chair and sat down on it. "Come sit on my dick, baby. Show me how much you like fucking this dick." I climbed up onto him and slid down onto his dick. I was so much wetter than I'd ever been and I wondered why Raymond was so appealing to me. I had no idea why his cock made me so wet and wild. Maybe it was the fact that he was married with kids, or maybe it was that he was my coworker and we were in the supply closet at work.

"Your cock is so big," I told him and I was being honest. He gripped my hips and pulled them up and down so my pussy was fucking his cock with long, hard strokes. It felt so good that I could barely breathe. I could feel my orgasm building and I knew he could feel it too. He began to thrust his cock up into me and I let out a noise of pleasure.

"Shut the fuck up! Do you want people to find out we're fucking? We could both lose our jobs and I'm sure my wife would divorce me." He lifted a hand up and clamped it over my mouth as I continued to fuck his thick dick with my horny, little pussy. I knew he liked how much younger I was than his wife. I knew that he was enjoying this in ways that he didn't with his wife. I felt special and that specialness made me cum. I tried so hard not to make any noise but I absolutely failed. I had never cum so hard and the screams that came out of me were involuntary. I didn't mean to scream. I really didn't.

"I told you to shut the fuck up!" He stood up with my pussy still on his cock. He grabbed me by the hips, holding my ass cheeks with both hands. He lifted me up and off of him. "Hold still," he told me as he took off one of his socks and stuffed it into my mouth.

"Mmmmm!" I tried to protest but he wasn't listening.

"This is the only way I can be sure that you'll stay quiet. When I say shut the fuck up, I mean it. Do you understand?"

I nodded.

"Good." He grabbed me by the hair and bent me over the chair so that I was on my knees in the chair, my ass in the air for him. "I hope you like anal, babe," he laughed as he plunged his cock first into my pussy to get it wet, and then into my asshole. He didn't go slowly. He pushed right through my resistance until I really was screaming, the sock muffling all of the noises I was making. He gripped my ass cheeks and fucked me harder and faster until I could feel the whiplash from his thrusting. I had never been manhandled like this and there was a part of me that was alarmed by how hard he was pounding my ass. No one had ever dared to fuck me quite that dangerously. I wasn't sure if I liked it. I wasn't sure why I was letting Raymond do this to me. I reached my fingers down to my clit and rubbed myself. My ass was on fire and my fingers on my clit soothed me.

"Mmmm! Mmmmmm!" I screamed through his sock.

"You like this, don't you, you little slut? You are so much nastier than my wife. I like the things you let me do to you!" Raymond hissed into my ear. That was when I came. I felt my orgasm engulf me until I was completely overtaken. I forgot that there was a sock in my mouth and a dick in my ass. I forgot that I was at work in a supply closet with Raymond. I forgot that I was the other woman and that I needed to sneak around. All I knew was the pleasure I was feeling.

"Take my cum, you naughty girl. Take it!" I knew he was cumming. I could feel him finish himself off in my ass and then pull out. "Oh shit. This got a bit messy."

I turned around to see my own excrement all over his cock. I hadn't been planning on anal sex and honestly, it had shocked me that Raymond had taken control of me like that and fucked my ass so roughly. No one had ever done anything like that to me. He grabbed what was probably an ancient roll of paper towels and wiped himself clean. He handed some to me.

"I can't believe we just fucked in the supply closet," I admitted.

"Yeah, but this has to stay a secret. Please. You know I'm married with kids. I can't have people finding out I'm fucking you. You can keep a secret for me, can't you?" He leaned over and kissed me. I felt myself weaken and soften.

"I would never tell anyone. What happened in this closet stays in this closet."

"I'm thinking that this closet will come in handy," he looked around. "There's a lot of room to fuck in here."

"Yeah, but how do we get out of here without anyone noticing?"

"We go out one at a time. You go first, beautiful." The way he called me beautiful made me want him all over again.

"Okay, one more kiss before I go." I let him kiss me and I felt all the feelings I wished I didn't feel. I knew I was falling for him but I was pretty sure I was alone. He already had a wife that he loved. What was I thinking falling for him? I was being stupid and yet I couldn't help myself.

"Okay, go on," he opened the door and pushed me back out onto the office floor. I looked around. No one noticed me. I walked back to my desk and looked at my work. How was I supposed to think after what Raymond had just done to me? I got up and made my way to the bathroom. I looked at myself in the mirror and there was something about me that I couldn't make peace with. I was the other woman. I was a cheating, lying snake. The old me would have cared. I would have hated myself. The new me didn't give a fuck. I would do anything for Raymond's cock. I knew it. I was smitten with him. I would let him pin me to the walls of the storage closet anytime. I would let him rape my ass as much as he needed to.