 It was 1:45am and we still had a solid crowd for a Tuesday night. There were about 10 or so people up at the bar a few outside smoking cigarettes. Usually the wait staff was long gone by this point, having transferred any remaining tables to the bar's tab, and tonight seemed to be no exception. I hadn't seen any other staff members for a bit.

I worked at a small, neighborhood bar, and it could easily be closed by one person, although it did get lonely cleaning and stocking until 4am by yourself. Most of our patrons at this time of night worked in the industry too, so the crowd was young, usually getting fucked up after their shift with a wad of cash to spend. The biggest appeal of bartending at a small place and closing down shop solo was not having to share tips with anyone after 11. That and most of the patrons were regulars from other restaurants and bars from the area and were great to serve. Looking around it was clear everybody knew each other; some a little too much.

"Last call!" I yelled out to anyone who was paying attention. 

Our late night folks knew what was up, and most had finished ordering for the night and had closed their tabs. One girl, however, heard me and approached the bar. Cara. She was 23, an amateur model that lived up the street, and was one of a few people in the world that made me nervous just by looking at her. She was about 5'9", had auburn, curly hair and eyes that seemed to pierce through your skin. She had this Eastern European look about her, but her voice was smooth and southern. Everything she did was sexual, and she knew what she was doing. Asking for her tab was no different. She sauntered up to the bar, slightly leaning over to expose just the top of her perfect, 34D breasts. 

"Jack, can I please have one more Vodka Soda and I'll finish up?" 

She reached across the bar, touched my arm and pretended to readjust her bra. I knew what she was doing, and it fucking worked. Her hand lingered for a little to long on her breast and as I poured her drink I couldn't take my eyes off her hand, cupping herself as she stared at me. She was wearing a tight black tank top and too short jean shorts. I swear she had just made her nipples hard by rubbing her tits, because they were now clearly visible through her thin shirt. She licked her lips as I handed her the drink.

"This last one's on me." 

I shouldn't condone this behavior, but who am I kidding... just looking at her made my dick hard, so fuck it. I stood there in a daze thinking about what she'd look like caressing herself without that shirt on, nipples hard while she licked her lips, when my back was cracked with a hand-towel. WACK

"Daydreaming?" Eliza said with a knowing smirk.

"Shit, I didn't know you were still here. I thought everyone had gone home for the night."

"One table in the way back's been lingering and I had to clean it up. I'm just finishing up side work and then I'm coming up here for my shift drink. Make me something special, I need it after this shitty night."

Eliza was one of our waitresses. She was younger than me, so I always thought of her as a younger sister, but could never help but notice her amazing attributes. She was about 5'5", with brown wavy hair. She had tight perky 34C breasts that always seemed pushed up. She was the type of waitress that really knew how to work a table full of guys. Touching their arms slightly, laughing at their jokes. Many men would come into our bar hoping she would be waiting on them. She was the wild one they couldn't get. Piercings and many tattoos, mostly hidden, but peaking out just enough that you knew she had a wild side to her. One of our work parties was at a pool and I got to see the whole canvas and couldn't help thinking how her entire back tattoo would look laid out in front of me while I held her hips, fucking her from behind.

I shook out of my daze again to see Cara and Eliza talking. Did Eliza look nervous talking to her too? I swear Cara could turn anyone on, and girls were no exception. The thought raced through my head of the two hottest girls in the bar ripping each other's clothes off. Cara sucking on Eliza's tits while she reached down her shorts...

People slowly started trickling out of the bar, Cara unfortunately left as well, and I started to clean up. Eliza finished wiping the tables and took a seat at the bar.

"Did you make that drink yet?"

I slid some concoction of liquor and juice down to her and poured myself a beer from the tap.

"Cheers to a shitty night," Eliza said as she pounded her drink smiling. She set her drink down and slowly lifted off her black work shirt. I did not mind this part of my night. Eliza always complained about her work Tshirt, and I did not mind one bit. She usually wore a white, very tight spaghetti strap shirt underneath that did not leave much to anyone's imagination and tonight was no different. As I finished up my side work closing the bar in silence, my mind started to wonder again. 

"Did you see that Cara-girl's nipples tonight?"

I almost spit my beer out.

"Her nipples," Eliza said again, seeming to enjoy making me uncomfortable. "They were super hard. She's the only girl I've met that can turn me on. I think if I had the chance and no one would find out, I'd definitely hook up with her."

Now she was just trying to tease me. And it was working. I felt my dick twitch as I walked around the bar to go fill the ice bucket up. I didn't say anything. I couldn't think of anything to say. My heart was beating quicker thinking, again, about Eliza spread across one of the tables with Cara in between her legs. The ice machine was all the way in the back of the kitchen and I lingered, waiting for my semi erection to calm. When I came out Eliza was behind the bar, pouring some shots.

"I slipped some cash in the drawer, these are on me," she said smiling again.

She started to walk from behind the bar as I walked back. These were tight quarters, only enough space for one person, so when we passed her thinly covered chest rubbed against me. I could feel the contour of each of her tits as she scooted by. I stopped breathing. Did she do that on purpose? Everyone is always flirting in the restaurant business, and there are tons of hookups, but never at our place. It always was different than the rampant sex that took place at the other bars on the street. I know the bar was tight, but she was close, and as she sat down the grin on her face seemed to say it all.

"Cheers, again. Maybe the night is getting better," Eliza said and we both downed the shots. "Let me help clean back there, it will make it go faster and after, you can sit and actually enjoy a beer instead of getting out of here so late."

She came back around the bar, set the shot glasses in the washer and started picking up bar mats. She was leaning over the bar, when I had to scoot by her again with a couple pitchers of water that needed to go back to the server's station. As I sidestepped by her, she inched her ass back and pressed herself against my crotch. My dick sprung to life, filling with pure lust. She turned her head around and smiled.

"Fuck me," she whispered.

Without regard to my surroundings, I dropped the pitchers where they were and pressed my rock hard dick into her, slowly reaching around her shirt. I filled each hand with her soft tits and started massaging them as I kissed the back of ears, moving down to her neck. Her breathing got heavier as she started grinding against me letting out soft moans every so often. 

Changing pace, I quickly spun her around, grabbing Eliza'a legs and lifting her from behind the bar and took her around to the front. I gently set her on the bar, eye level with her chest, and told her to take off her bra. She complied, quickly lifting her shirt off with it, slowly exposing one breast at a time as each slid loose from her clothes. I immediately took one in my mouth and started massaging the other and she moaned out in ecstasy. She started scooting herself closer to me, yearning for me to give her more attention and I could feel the heat radiating from her crotch and smell her excitement as a dampness formed in between her legs.

I lifted her off the bar and spun her back around. I bent her over one of the tables nearby and ripped her pants down to reveal her black and white stripped underwear. Grabbing those with each thumb I slowly inched them off her round ass and watched them drop to the floor. I spread her legs apart revealing her pink, wet crotch peaking between her legs and slowly inserted myself into her awaiting pussy lips. She was steaming. She let out a gasp as I flexed my dick inside of her. My earlier fantasy was coming true as I fucked her from behind, admiring her entire back tattoo below me as I pumped in and out of her smooth pussy. Her head turned to the side, moaning with each thrust. I reached around and started massing her clit as I quickened the pace. The feeling of her juices covering all my fingers was almost enough to take me over the edge, but I needed to wait for her. I focused on touching her and making her cum as I fucked her on the table. I could feel my dick expanding her as each finger found a part of her to please; rubbing, ever so gently over her wet clit.

Her breathing quickened and her moans got louder. She reached under her body, grabbing my hands, making me rub her harder and faster. She quickly let go, grabbing both sides of the table, arching her back as she let out a scream.

"FUCK!! ME!!"

I couldn't stop and I didn't stop until she grabbed my ass forcing me deep into her wet, dripping pussy. I waited until her orgasm was over and slowly removed my dick from within her. Still breathing hard, she got down on her knees using my shirt as knee pads and filled her mouth with my dick, still dripping with a combination of our juices and started to suck me. One hand moved up and down my shaft as the other caressed my balls, drawing my closer to an orgasm each second. With a loud moan, I came into her awaiting mouth. Without hesitation, she swallowed after each spurt hit her throat. She kept bobbing her head up and down until I couldn't take it anymore, slowly removing her grip from my still hard dick.

She slowly got up, told me to sit down and went and got my beer. She chugged half of it, thirsty from what we just did and handed the rest to me.

"We'll have to close the bar down again soon," she said, still naked, red and dripping our sex.