 This is the second chapter to 'Closing the Bar' although it can be read alone. Please feel free to send feedback on storyline and characters as I'd love to hear your comments.

***********

Tuesday night seemed like a world away. Would things be weird between Eliza and I if she's working tonight? The flirting had been going on for weeks; her brushing her chest against me in close quarters, bending over as much as she could when she knew I was watching her clean tables, and brushing off her chest making them bounce in all directions when she caught my eye. But now that we'd fucked earlier this week, I wondered if work would be different... I could still vividly hear her moaning in my head and couldn't stop picturing my dick spreading her wet lips apart as I entered her from behind.

My dick got hard as I sat at a red light on my way into work as I thought about what happened two nights ago. It was 4:30 on Thursday and I was approaching work for my shift that night.

I walked in the front door and headed to the bar to log in to the system. It was quiet, as it always is during shift changes, so I quickly logged in and headed to the back for some bar towels and to check the schedule to see who was working tonight... There was her name, Eliza, coming in at 7. The closing shift. My mind raced as the memory of her large tattoo covering her back lay before me as I held onto her hips, thrusting deeper into her hot wetness. I guess we'll find out how our situation stands tonight. I was hoping for the best.

I continued back to the shed, thinking about Eliza's 34C tits in my hands, when Andrea popped out of the office.

"What up boss," I said smiling, thinking she looked hot tonight.

Andrea, or Andy, was one of the managers and owner of the bar. We had a good relationship, always joking around, sometimes flirting. She always joked and flirted back, but mainly keeping it light. About 5'5", Andy had light brown curly hair and a fantastic body. Her voluptuous tits, bigger than a handful, always were pushed 

up, peaking out of her shirt and she had a great ass. She usually wore a mix between flowy dresses and jeans depending on what role she was playing at the bar that 

day. She was a lot of fun to, which made her a good boss and really, made her that much sexier. Today she looked hot as usual, with a tight, green tank top and a brown floor length flowy skirt. She almost gave off a hippy vibe, but no matter what, always drew the guys to the bar when she worked because of her sex appeal.

"You look good tonight," she responded, "actually kind of cute. Are you dressing up for Ms. Johnson again?"

Ms. Johnson was a 40-something year old woman who sometimes came into the bar by herself on nights when I was working, and the wait staff constantly joked that I flirted with her. Who wouldn't? She had a great body, not even for her age, and always tipped really well. She always had a confidence about her, too, that made her even sexier. It also didn't hurt that one night after drinking one too many glasses of wine she went to the bathroom, leaving her phone on the bar unlocked and facing my direction. To check and make sure it was in fact hers, I pulled it closer and noticed she had left a picture on the screen of herself, naked, posing in front of her bathroom mirror. She had nice, perky tits and really toned body. One hand was holding her phone taking the picture, and one hand was creeping down her hips where, with her legs spread, I could make out the silhouette of her pussy lips. When she came back from the bathroom, she winked while picking up her phone, finished her drink and walked out for the night into her cab. Since then, of course I paid her some attention.

"You'd flirt with her too if you'd seen that picture I told you about," I joked back to her.

"Maybe I have," she whispered as she disappeared back into the office.

Now that's an interesting thought. My mind wandered to Ms. Johnson coming in one night when I was off, flirting with Andy instead of me. I wonder if Andy was into girls at all...

The night started and we had the usual dinner rush. Eliza showed up right on time for her shift, but since it was in the middle of the rush, I didn't really see her until she came up to the bar to pick up drinks for her first table. She was wearing her usual work shirt, but instead of the standard 'uniform' jeans she had on a short, white skirt that barely covered her ass. My dick twitched as I saw how sexy she looked.

"Is Andy cool with you wearing that?" I asked, smiling at her and trying not to stare.

"I told her I spilled something on my jeans on the way over, and this was the only thing in my car." She smiled back, winking, as she picked up the two beers she rang in. "And I've got another surprise for you too, but you'll have to wait and see."

Shit, that skirt was surprise enough. It was lacy and frilly like a school-girl's and barely covered what it needed to. I tried to discreetly catch any kind of glimpse of her ass as she walked away, but didn't have any luck. I guess the answer to my question was clear. Neither of us were uncomfortable with our previous night's activities and clearly the teasing had been upped a notch. I was suddenly glad it was jeans I was wearing and not something looser.

As the dinner rush dwindled, there was a nice lull in the night and Andy came to sit up at the bar. The was telling me about a couple new beers she was going to purchase for the bar, tasting them one by one while I stole glances at her perky tits concealed tightly in her green top; cleavage poking out of the top...

"Shit!" Andy proclaimed knocking me out of my gaze. "I completely forgot about the tapes."

I raised my eyebrow, clearly showing I had little idea what she was talking about. She got the hint and continued.

"I got a call last week from the neighboring bar owner who said he caught some guy looking into their windows late at night when he was reviewing one of their security cameras. He was jiggling each door, obviously trying to find a way in. I got nervous so I installed a few cameras around the bar and I wanted to see if he was looking in here as well."

My heart sunk. Did she say cameras??

"When did you install them?" I asked trying to stay calm.

"Last Sunday," she said pointing to a camera behind me. "Two in here, and two outside. And I meant to check them tonight to see if I could see that guy stopping by. 

Beer tasting's been fun," she smirked, "but I have to get back to the office for a bit. It'll probably take the rest of the night, but come get me if you need anything."

She walked to the back as I slowly started to freak out. I immediately scanned the bar for Eliza. I had to tell her. I called her over and told her what Andy was doing, and immediately she got as nervous as I was.

"What if she fires me? What if she calls the police? Is it illegal to fuck in a bar?"

"Listen," I said trying to hide my own nerves about the situation, "I doubt she'd call the police, and I'll take full responsibility of this if it comes down to it. I know I can pull another job across town and I'm sure they can take you on as well. Plus, she said she was searching for someone on the outside, so she may not even scan the ones filming inside. Let's just not freak out and we'll see if anything comes of it. See if you can catch a glace in the office from time to time to see if you can tell what she's looking at. Deal?"

"Deal."

The night crept along. All I could think about was the outcome of Andy finding that recording of Eliza and I fucking on one of the dining room tables. I snapped out of my thoughts, though, when Eliza came bounding up to the bar with a huge grin on her face at around Midnight; her skirt flapping up and down as she came. The last 3 times Eliza has snuck a peak at Andy in the office she was still reviewing the tapes with little expression on her face. Hopefully this cheerfulness meant Andy was done reviewing the footage and snuck out the back to go home. I just wanted this night to be over.

"You won't believe what's going on in the office!"

By the tone of her voice, I assumed it wasn't bad, but what on earth could have made her this happy?

"Andy found the footage..." she said obviously holding something back, "and well, I think she doesn't mind... Just come with me."

I was clearly confused, but followed Eliza back to the door of the office, not concerned about the bar as it was a very slow night. As we got closer I saw that the office door was slightly cracked open. Eliza grabbed my hand and led me on, putting her finger up to her lips telling me to be quiet. What could possibly be going on...

As I peaked through the slit in the door, I heard a soft moan coming from within. I could see Andy's back to the door as she sat in her office chair and saw that she had her right leg propped up on the desk; her head tilting back and forth. I glanced up at the screen and my heart dropped: I saw Eliza and me from a couple nights ago. Eliza was sitting on the bar as I was sucking her exposed, beautiful tit. She was leaning back with the look of pure pleasure on her face as I moved from one breast to the other.

I snapped my attention back to Andy and saw her massaging her left breast from beneath her shirt while she hiked up her long flowing skirt with her other hand. Was she touching herself? On the screen I was hoisting Eliza from the bar and bending her over one of the dining room tables, pulling her panties down her legs about to enter her from behind. Andy let out a soft moan, clearly enjoying the free movie in front of her. Her hand came out from under her skirt as she stuck it in her mouth, quickly returning it from where it came.

I could hear Eliza's breath get shorter in my ear as she watched Andy from over my shoulder. I felt her grab my hand to bring it around my back, bringing it closer to her body. Her breath still close to my ear, she guided my hand to her skirt. I immediately felt a warmth from under it as I got closer. Curling my fingers with hers, she lead me straight to her dripping wet pussy.

"Surprise," she breathed into my ear.

She obviously hadn't been wearing underwear all night, and as my hand cupped her mound, I slipped a finger in her awaiting pussy easily; both of us still eyeing Andy touch herself from through the door. She was dripping wet and my fingers became covered in her juices instantly. I switched back and forth from toying with her clit to slipping a finger into her soft, awaiting pussy. She wrapped her arm around me and held me tight as I got her off; her breathing getting heavier.

We couldn't do this here. Andy was a couple feet away, and I know just how loud Eliza could get. Without removing my hand from beneath her skirt I lead her out into the dining room, peaking through the curtain to make sure everyone was in fact gone. With my finger still curled into her slit, we walked back into the bar guiding her as my finger pressed against the front wall of inside her. I turned around and brought her close, kissing down her neck and toying with her clit. She moaned into my shoulder as I moved my lips and tongue up to her ear. With both of her hands she started unbuckling my belt... As soon as she slid my jeans down, I kicked them off and hoisted her up. Wrapping her legs around my waist, I started sucking her breasts through her shirt.

"I want you inside me," she moaned softly as I sucked her.

Removing one hand from around my neck she grabbed my dick and slowly lowered herself on to me, easily guiding me into her steaming lips. Standing in the middle of the room, with her legs wrapped around me, I fucked her; lifting her slowly up and down off my dick. After a few minutes of pure pleasure, I set Eliza down on a table, still deep inside her. I slowly removed her shirt over her head and she unclasped her bra. Her soft breasts fell out and she laid back on the surface. I started moving in and out of her slow at first, steadily moving my hips back and forth, focusing my gaze on our wetness where it met. It was so hot watching my dick slowly penetrate her pink lips, as Eliza let out soft moans enjoying the feeling of her creamy breasts in her own hands. 

My pace quickened and Eliza moved a hand down to her clit. Rubbing side to side and my thrusting quickened. Her moans matched mine as I started to climax; our breathing matching as we started to cum. I saw her body tense up as her legs wrapped, again, around my waist. She pulled me close with her ankles as I unloaded deep into her, twitching as my orgasm subsided with hers. As her breathing slowed, I slowly pulled out of her feeling every inch of inside her; our juices dripping down my shaft and out her slit.

I reached down and handed Eliza her bra, catching a glimpse at her tag. '34d?' I guess I was wrong...



*******

Andy's breathing slowed as her orgasm subsided. 'I can't believe I just saw that,' she thought as she removed her fingers from her dripping pussy, 'and I can't believe how turned on I was. Did I have the sound on?? I swear I heard moans..."

She quickly closed the footage from the other night, showing the tab she had pulled up prior; next weeks schedule. She spent a couple minutes rearranging the schedule, making sure a few of the employees lined up to close a few more nights than usual...