 Andy's heart stopped when she saw those words mouthed straight into the camera.

"I want to fuck you," was what she knew he said.

She had turned on the live feed of the restaurant cameras when she had gotten home that night hoping to catch something after a while with no action, and was since glued to the TV. One of the luxuries of living alone was that when she watched porn, she could turn up the volume. Tonight was no different, and this was better than porn. This was her very own real life sex show. 

Until this very moment it was her little secret. Her voyeurism into a world of real life fucking. She loved watching it, knowing that she was the only one who knew...

She realized she wasn't breathing and took a deep breath. Her fingers were still inside her as she sat on her couch, lights off, blinds shut and her legs spread wide. As she slowly pulled her fingers from her wetness, she shuttered; the impending orgasm couldn't hold out any longer as she took quick breaths in. Her mind was hazy and she climaxed again as she pressed her palm against her mound, rocking it back and forth. 

She couldn't take her eyes from the screen. 

Jack must clearly know she was watching as he was still staring at the camera, directly into Andy's eyes as Eliza sucked their combined sex off of his shaft; slowly and sensually. After a couple minutes Eliza stood and walked over to the bar and reached into the beer case.

- Andy's phone buzzed next to her on the couch, waking her from her dream-like state. A text: "about to lock up. Tonight went great. Thanks for scheduling Jack, he was a huge help. ;)" -Eliza

Her camera feed must be a few seconds slow. As she looked up from her phone she could see Eliza grabbing for her phone, still naked, with a beer in her hand standing next to the bar. Jack strolled up behind her pressing his now softening dick in between her cheeks. He reached a hand around her waist appearing to finger her slit and peered over her shoulder to read what she was texting. He stole a quick glance back up at the camera and winked.

Andy's heart was beating through her naked chest.

*****************

I woke up the next morning to 3 text messages and 1 reminder on the home screen of my iPhone.

"Yo, are we supposed to bring anything tomorrow??" from Cam at 4am last night. Cam is another bartender who works the Thursday and Friday shifts up at the bar. He's known among the staff for keeping older women around after Last Call...

The second read, "Hey Jack, I hope last night went well. See ya tomorrow! It's gonna be a lot of fun! ;)" - Andy, my boss

There is no way she would have already been to work and reviewed the tapes from last night... right? We are always casually flirting, so I wasn't too suspicious, but my direct eye contact with the camera last night (multiple times) did make me nervous about seeing her next IF she saw the tapes. I was drunk when I mouthed that I wanted to fuck her, and although I definitely would if given the opportunity, the thought of her seeing it before this trip made me kind of nervous.

The third text was a picture of Eliza, naked, taken from inside her shower with a caption that read, "jack off to me this morning..." It was taken looking down her bare body. The water drops beading on top of her breasts.

I reached under my sheets to stroke my hardening dick while I clicked on the reminder alert that buzzed in. "Mountain Trip - 6:00pm" was all it said.

-

As I laid in bed stroking my now very hard dick, I thought about the reminder from my phone... Each year, our bar has a mountain trip. We spent two nights, during the slow part of the week, up in the middle of nowhere. Since we always carried a small staff and only invited employees that had been there longer than 2 years (we had to have some folks stay behind to man the bar), Andy usually covered the entire trip. She usually just asked us to help supplement the drinks since she knew funding that would bankrupt her.

We always went to the same house. Big enough for at least 20 people, it had all the amenities: a Jacuzzi big enough for everyone, pool table, movie room, and even a sauna. This year 7 servers, 2 cooks and 4 bartenders were planning on making the drive.

I flipped back to the picture Eliza sent me and headed to the shower to jack off and maybe send her a picture or two of my own.

Later I called Cam back, letting him know I was coming to pick him up so we could make a trip to the liquor store before we headed up to the mountain house. I grabbed my weekend suitcase and headed out the door to my truck. Despite being nervous around Andy, I was really excited about this trip. I took a deep breath and headed for Cam's.

-

On our way up to the mountain house Cam and I talked about the usual stuff. Which mom he hooked up with most recently at the bar, how he'd really like to start brewing his own beer along with who he thought was hooking up with who at the bar. There was always gossip and people getting together. I certainly was no stranger to that, but I also found out there was a lot more than just me getting involved. It turns out two different sets of servers were hooking up and a hostess was sleeping with a line cook.

"I'm just a spectator man," Cam said as he checked the last set of directions. "I don't get involved with coworkers..."

"Only lonely older ladies, huh?" I responded.

"Yup. What about you? Who are you bunking with this trip?"

"We'll see man, maybe a few people. You never know," I said laughing. "Do I turn right here?" I asked trying to change the subject, "I think I remember this road."

"Yup. This is it. The house will be on the... left."

We pulled into the driveway, hopped out and grabbed our bags plus the box of liquor we picked up at the store. It was the middle of fall, but this weekend was pretty mild. Andy had already arrived and was sitting on the front porch enjoying the nice weather . She had a beer in one hand and two shots in the other.

"Jameson for my two best bartenders," she grinned, handing us the shots. "I put y'all in a room together since I know the bro-mance is strong between you. You're up on the 2nd floor; bunk beds."

"Nice," Cam said grabbing both the shots. "Pour him two more. I'll bring the bags up to the room."

"It looks like someone is ready for the weekend..." 

Andy poured me two shots and I quickly put them back. There didn't seem to be any weird vibe coming from Andy, so she must have not been able to get to the bar to view the tapes before the trip. My nerves gone (either from the shots or the thought of her not seeing the video yet) I reached in her cooler and grabbed a beer.

"There are about 6 people here so far," Andy listed off the names of a few servers (including the ones Cam said were hooking up) along with a cook or two. "Eliza, Jackie and that group of girls is about 30 minutes away. Are you excited about this weekend? I think it's going to be a lot of fun. I feel like the group is really tight this year."

"Yeah, definitely" I said, smiling. It was going to be a whole lot of fun...

-

By 6pm, everyone had arrived and settled in. Two of the cooks were busy making up an amazing dinner for everyone while Cam and I were running the beer pong tournament. Eliza had arrived right when Andy said she would, and had given me a brief hug as she had everyone else. She was wearing a very form fitting sweater that had one of those low cut loose necklines to it, showing off a great amount of cleavage. She looked amazing, and my beer pong game had gone out the window as I drank a little more and couldn't help but steal glances her direction as she became more and more flirty from across the room.

Being 'in the industry' definitely had its perks. We had an amazing dinner that lasted into the night and afterwards were treated to a few different shots that Cam had thought up, special for this trip. Already this trip was turning out to be a lot of fun.

After a late dinner, Eliza rummaged through her bag and pulled out some cards.

"Let's play a game," she proclaimed, holding the deck above her head. 

The game turned out to be Waterfalls, and every card had an action to go along with it. For example, one card required all the guys to drink while another required the person who drew the card to make a rule for everyone else to follow. Another had everyone else play the game 'never have I ever' where they say something they've never done and everyone who has had to drink.

The game was going great and started off pretty PG. People made funny rules like you had drink every time you said someone's name, or you had to pick a mate, where every time you drank, they had to as well. That kept, until Eliza drew a 'rule' card. 

"Anyone who draws a 3 has to sprint around the house naked!" she exclaimed with a sneaky grin on her face.

The next card was a 'never have I ever card' drawn by Cam.

"Never have I ever hooked up with anyone who works or has worked at the bar..." he said, smiling at one of the servers. Fortunately for me, more than just me took a drink. Cam stole a quick glance my way and smiled wide as his brow furrowed, questioning...

The next person to draw was one of Eliza's friends, Jackie. She drew a 3 and immediately turned red. 

"Ahhhh Shit. I don't really have to get naked do I, Eliza?!"

"Yup," said Eliza, "it's a rule. And you have to drink since you said my name..."

Quickly, she made her way to the front door, taking off her shirt, shoes and pants as she walked toward the front door.

"I'll go make sure she actually get's naked," said Eliza "I mean it is my rule."

"Um, yeah. I better go too," I said, laughing. "Just to, you know, make sure Eliza doesn't cheat for her friend."

We made it out the front door just in time to see Jackie undo her bra and lower her panties. She smiled back at us and started off, full sprint, around the house. I looked back towards the front door and it seemed that no one had followed us out to witness the naked lap. Eliza wasted no time and stuck her hand down the front of my pants grabbing my cock and balls gently in her hand. 

"I've been waiting all night to be alone with you for at least a second," she whispered into my ear as she stroked my hardening dick. "Thanks for the pictures you sent back earlier. I came hard this morning looking at them. Does seeing Jackie make you horny??"

We heard leaves crunching from around the house and Eliza removed her hand from my pants just in time to see Jackie's tits bouncing around the corner.

"Fuck it," she said as she got closer; out of breath. "Grab my bra and panties will you? I'll put them on inside."

We all made our way inside, and a few of the guys (and girls) stole glances as Jackie as she put back on her clothes inside the house. She had a beautiful body. A little heavier than Eliza and her breasts sagged a little more. But being in her twenties, there was nothing to complain about.

The game continued for another hour or so as people slowly trickled off to bed. Being bartenders and servers meant that even after all this drinking, most everyone was just a good amount of buzzed even though it was getting well into the night. A few of the younger people had over-served themselves and made it to bed. Everyone else was in a good place and were just getting a little loose. Things were certainly also getting a little more suggestive.

No one out of the remaining group of 5 declined when Andy suggested we make our way to the hot tub. Cam and I were left out of the guys; Jackie, Andy and Eliza were left out of the girls. It was about 1 am when Cam and I headed to our room to change into our bathing suits and the girls did the same.

-

We grabbed a 1/4 full bottle of Jameson as we headed out to the balcony to the hot tub. The drinking had mostly tamed down to beer over the past 3-4 hours and Cam wanted to 'turn it up a notch.'

As we approached the steaming tub, we saw the three girls already submerged, whispering to each other. Cam and I quickly hopped in and sunk down in the very pleasant, hot water. Cam took a swig and passed the bottle to the girls.

"We decided we want to play truth or dare," said Jackie, as she took the bottle from Cam taking a sip. She shivered from the gulp of liquor.

"Well, this certainly isn't middle school, but I'm down," Cam responded. "One of y'all go first."

"I'll go," Andy said, "and I bet this'll be more fun than it was in Middle school. Jack, Truth or Dare?"

"I'll start this off slow," I grinned as I took a pull of the Jameson. "Truth."

"Ok, which bar patron would you most want to fuck?"

Everyone seemed to laugh at the hard 'f' sound of the work 'fuck' , and after the laughter died down it didn't take long for me to respond.

"Cara. Easily. The model one; the one who eye-fucks everyone at the bar..."

"Ha! that's my choice too!!" Andy yelled immediately. She quickly followed up, "I mean, if I had to choose a girl, that is."

"Sure, sure, sure," Eliza said sarcastically. "You've told me more than twice that you've had sex dreams about her. She's sexy, period. I'd fuck her too if I had the chance!"

That got everyone laughing again. I looked over at Eliza and she smiled and winked at me from across the hot tub. "Your turn," she said.

"OK... Jackie! Truth or Dare?"

"I'll be a pussy too, just like you! Truth!!"

"Whoa, whoa, whoa," I grinned at her. "OK, since we are on the topic, who would you rather fuck. Me or Cam?"

"That's a tough one," she blushed... "but Cam," she said avoiding his and my eyes. "He's always going after older women, so I'd like to show him what a younger one can do!"

"Nice, nice," I replied. "I'm not offended. Cam, would you take the challenge?" I said jokingly.

"Hahaha, in our truth or dare fantasy land, sure why not," he responded.

"OK, my turn. Andy, Truth or Dare..."

Andy picked truth as well and had to tell whether or not she had utilized being the owner of the bar to hook up with anyone...(she said she hadn't). The game continued for a few more rounds of mostly 'truth' questions when Cam stretched out his hands and yawned.

"I'm heading to bed folks," he said, "We've got a long day ahead tomorrow with hiking and rafting and all... y'all have a good night..."

He made his way inside and was shortly followed by Jackie.

"I'm, uh, going to head to bed too," she said grinning..."see y'all tomorrow!"

As she stood up, I realized that she was topless. The same tits that I saw earlier, bouncing around the house, were completely free as she grabbed a towel from the railing. She wrapped it around her chest as she stepped out of the tub. As she exited the tub I also saw that she wasn't wearing any bottoms either! The bubbles stuck to her body as she exited, but as she stepped out I had a clear view of her mound. My dick twitched in the hot water as she turned around, winked and smiled at the girls as she scurried inside after Cam.

"I definitely couldn't tell she was naked," I told the two remaining girls...

"She didn't pack a bathing suit," Andy said, smiling, "and we didn't want to make a big deal about it, so we didn't mention anything... Anyways it's my turn... Truth or dare to you?"

I took a swig of Jameson from the bottle. The burning liquid felt good running down my throat. "I'm not upset with her being naked..." I responded, "and Dare!" The liquid courage encouraged me to speed the game's progress up.

"Finally stepping it up, I see..." she said smiling back at me. "OK, I dare you to take off your swimsuit and throw it over the balcony..."

Without hesitation, I slipped my trunks off, with my lower body still submerged in the bubbles, and tossed them off the deck.

"Done," I said casually... "Eliza, truth or dare?"

"Dare," she said.

"I Dare you to take off your top!"

She grinned at Andy and slowly stood up. It dawned on me at that moment that the two of them had been fully submerged in the hot tub this whole time...

Bubbles lingered over her chest as she stood full height, but it became very apparent that she wasn't wearing a top. She looked at Andy and giggled.

"Woops," Eliza said smiling, "I'm not wearing a top... so I guess you can do another dare..."

Somewhat shocked that she had been topless this whole time, I suddenly felt my dick get harder underneath the bubbling water. My mind flashed back to a few nights ago when her breasts were spread out in front of me as I slid my dick into her. I reached under the water without thinking and started stroking my cock. 

"Ok, um..." I was fighting to concentrate on a dare as her milky white breasts were in front of me. "Take your bottoms off then..." 

How creative, I thought to myself...

Eliza fidgeted for a second with her hands to one side of her waist and then the other under the water, and pulled both of her hands out. They were empty... 

"No bottoms either," she said with an ear-to-ear smirk on her face... "... but the water's a little too deep for me to prove it... I'll give you one more chance and then it's my turn. You don't seem to be very good at this..."

My mind was racing. Here was Eliza, the girl I had been fucking, completely naked in front of me. And Andy, who I have always had a crush on, and who I knew had been watching me and Eliza fucking for the past few weeks, also smiling, right next to her. I can't say I wasn't hoping for this kind of situation, but I still wasn't sure if this was just playful or the potential for something more. Both of these girls were teases, so I couldn't be positive on the outcome of anything.

"I dare you to kiss Andy," I said, before I could think too much about it and talk myself out of the forwardness of the dare. What were we playing for anyway...

Eliza smiled at me and immediately looked at Andy, who's eyes had gone wide. Eliza was still standing, exposing her breasts. She leaned over without hesitation and pressed her lips against Andy's. It was soft, and I could tell that she slipped her a little tongue before she released the kiss with a huge grin on her face. Andy looked to still be in a little shock, but had a hint of enjoyment on her face as well. Eliza slipped back in the water, hiding her breasts once again under the water, but keeping her huge grin on her face.

Without skipping a beat, or acting like anything just happened, Eliza turned back to Andy. "Andy, truth or dare."

"Well, I guess we've moved onto 'dare.' she said.

"Good," said Eliza, "I dare you to stand up."

"Stand up?!," I protested to Eliza, before realizing what was going on. Andy grinned as she slowly stood up out of the bubbly water, exposing the naked top half of her body. Her breasts were a little larger that Eliza's, and her olive skin and dark nipples contrasted well with Eliza's pearly white breasts and red nipples. They were absolutely stunning. 

"We lied," Eliza piped up, snapping me out of my trance on Andy's chest. "Jackie did have a bathing suit, and we do too. We just chose not to wear them... so, now we're all naked. Your turn Andy."

Clearly entertained by the amount of attention I was focusing on her breasts, Andy stayed out of the water while she thought up her next dare.

"Ok Jack, Truth or Dare?"

Trying hard to maintain eye contact, I responded with 'dare'.

"I dare you to stand up! We've, uh, exposed ourselves to you, now it's our turn to see the goods. Also, I dare you to get us another bottle of wine from the kitchen..."

"That sounds like 2 dares, or rather a dare and a task..." I said as I grinned to the two girls.

"Well then get us the bottle of wine, and my first dare will just, happen..."

My heart pounded as a slowly stood out of the water. Unlike the two shorter girls, the water came up to my upper thighs and certainly left nothing to the imagination. My incredibly hard dick stood at attention as the Eliza and Andy took it in. Eliza smiled as she looked over at Andy.
