 We had been married for nearly twenty years and together for twenty five. Scott and I met in college and fell in love. Together we had raised two great kids and gone into real estate as a team and we were doing very well. Better than I ever expected. He was shrewd and great with finding new listings and I was the closer, particularly good with the men. 

"No man can resist you Lori." That is what Scott kept telling me as he encouraged me to use my sexuality to manipulate people.

I knew it was a little deceitful and sleazy but truth be told it was exciting so I did it willingly. I never went too far but I let them think anything was possible. I also knew Scott was turned on by the idea of another man hitting on me and trying to bed me. He was kind of a voyeur in that respect but his jealous nature never allowed for anything else and I wasn't looking for more either. The tease and rush of adrenaline was enough for me. It was also nice to know at forty seven I could still be as sexy as I was in my twenties. In all honesty I worked my butt off to stay fit, lots of hiking, swimming and workouts at the gym along with yoga. 

I was on my way to meet Christopher Hamilton, he was super wealthy and looking for another property in the hillside. He was a stereotype to the most part. Inherited a fortune and spent most of his time flying around the world buying and investing. He was in his thirties, very popular with the ladies and yes I thought he was handsome too. The first time we met he had me come to his house and he wore nothing more than swim trunks. His body was flawless, six pack abs and broad shoulders, and when he smiled I felt a little like a high school girl being talked to by the star quarterback. His short dark brown hair was perfectly brushed and his green eyes were piercing.

"There's a bikini in the pool house you can wear. I think we should have a swim while we talk. It's too nice out to be inside and dressed." He said to me and so I got changed, let him check me out in a two piece and he agreed to let me find his next house.

So here I was on my way to meet Christopher again to show him a fantastic house that cost well into seven figures. I decided to stop at another property first that Scott and I had the listing for. I was expecting to see my friend Rachel, we hired her to stage the houses so they looked good for showings. She had a flair for decorating and it was nice to help her since her husband left. I'm not sure what her husband was looking for because Rachel was gorgeous. She was athletic, pretty with curly light brown hair and sparkling blue eyes. Her skin was always tanned thanks to her mother's exotic heritage and she was fun. I pulled into the driveway and to my surprise I saw my husband's BMW along with her SUV, it wasn't surprising that he would be at one of our listings but he took his clubs and said he was going golfing while we were eating breakfast. I shrugged it off not thinking much of it. I heard my heels clicking on the brick walkway as I walked toward the front door and kind of laughed to myself. They were my favorite pair of pumps, red with four inch heels. They made my legs look great which I was showing off with my little flowered sundress. It was part of the game especially with Christopher. 

"Scott? Rachel?" I called out as I went inside but nobody answered. 

I looked around the main floor but no sign of either of them. Everything looked great and the place was ready to show. I started up the stairs to where the bedrooms were thinking she could be working up there. As I got to the top I heard noise coming from the master bedroom and knew they were in there. With each step the sounds became clearer, I quietly opened the door and peeked inside and my heart sank. Scott was laying on the bed with Rachel straddled on top of him. I stared in silence as his hands grasped her nice breasts. I wanted to scream but stopped myself, instead I held up my phone and took video of them screwing in bed. Eventually I turned away and quietly made my way downstairs and outside. With the image of my friend riding my husband embedded in my mind I checked the time and went to work. Christopher wasn't someone to keep waiting and this sale would fetch me a substantial commission.

My mind raced as I drove, I didn't know what I was going to do but I was furious with my husband. I was going to fire Rachel that was a given but Scott needed to be taught a lesson. When I arrived at the house in the hills Christopher was standing beside his Mercedes waiting for me. He gave me a smile and showed me he brought coffees for us both. I pulled in next to him. I opened the driver door and put out one leg. My dress hitched up high and I was showing a lot of leg as I stepped out. His eyes went right to it and it gave me a bit of a thrill. I gave him a warm smile and a friendly hug, I made sure to press my breasts into him extra hard.

"You look more beautiful than normal." He said to me. "I like your hair did you get it trimmed?"

I was impressed he noticed the change with my hair since it was just a little trim. It was now just down to my shoulders and my natural blonde color. I gave him a big smile and rubbed his shoulder while encouraging him to go inside. We slowly moved through the house looking at each room in great detail. It really was decorated well and showed perfectly. Christopher seemed to be impressed especially with the newly renovated kitchen. He told me he was an inspiring chef. 

"Now that is sexy for a man." I said with a grin.

I saw on the stunning new marble counter one of our custom nanny cams we use for special houses that have valuables inside them. Just an extra service we started offering to make our clients feel better when we showed their homes. It looked like a normal picture frame but there was a motion activated camera that recorded to a server. It sat atop the counter and looked natural. We had others in the living room, the office and in the master bedroom. 

"Sexy? Maybe I will make you breakfast sometime." He said with a chuckle as he placed his hands on my hips.

I felt a wave of nervous energy shoot through my body as he turned my body and pressed me against the counter bending me slightly. I knew this was being caught on camera. I was about to turn and step away but began thinking about Scott and Rachel. Christopher pressed his body to me from behind, specifically grinding his crotch to my butt. His thin shorts did not contain him well as I could feel his growing excitement. The sexual tension in the kitchen was unbearable, I felt his hand run up the back of my leg. I closed my eyes as he continued reaching under the hem of my dress. He grabbed my ass firmly. This was the farthest I had ever let anyone go before and I was loving it especially now.

"You're making me hard Lori." He said in a low breathy voice that have me goosebumps.

I didn't stop him from caressing me. I enjoyed the touch of another man too much and I was so angry at Scott. He grew bolder slipping his hand between my legs and pressing his fingertips to me. I gasped as he rubbed my pussy through my panties. There was no hiding my own excitement as he could feel the heat and dampness between my thighs. Again I looked at that picture frame but smiled right at it. I was going to let him take me and Scott was going to watch it. I leaned over flat on the smooth marble encouraging Christopher. 

"If you buy this house you can fuck me all over it." I said out loud continuing to look into the camera.

It didn't take long for my panties to be pushed down my legs to the floor and for my legs to be spread shoulder width apart. He flipped my dress up exposing my bare ass. He paused for a moment as he caressed me but then he smacked one cheek then the other making me cry out. I bit my lip and winked for the camera as he dropped his shorts and readied himself behind me. I felt the swollen head of his penis touch me sending a shiver up my spine. A moment later he gave a little thrust. I couldn't stifle my groan, he was thicker than Scott and incredibly hard. It felt like steel. I closed my eyes as he slowly worked in and out with little strokes. Then he let me feel his full length with a good hard thrust. I reached for the edge of the counter gripping it tightly because Christopher started fucking me really hard. This is how I imagined he would be with his other women. He crushed me against the cupboards by slamming his great cock inside my pussy. I looked into the camera wide eyed and moaned with every powerful stroke. I wanted it to be like a dagger in Scott's heart and soul. 

"I love it." I managed to squawk out as Christopher only got more intense.

Again he smacked my ass but this time much sharper. I yelped loudly. He snaked his fingers into my hair and gripped it, he snapped my head back pulling it painfully. I felt helpless in his clutches as he pounded my pussy. I could only imagine what my husband was going to say when he saw how Christopher dominated me. The kitchen was filled with the sounds of his body smacking against mine and a mix of grunts and groans. He was amazing, his stamina and pace were almost too much to handle. He drove into me his full length and abruptly stopped. I was up on my toes waiting for either a blast of cum inside me or for him to continue. Neither happened. 

"Next stop is the living room." He said pulling out of me.

I couldn't help but laugh. He was so arrogant I wanted him back inside me. He took me by the hand and led me into the living room. It was very impressive, a huge sectional couch, magnificent fireplace and a ninety inch television mounted on the wall. I saw the tv remote on the mantle which was another camera. I had Christopher stand near it and smiled at him as I stripped out of my dress and removed my bra. He grinned as he watched and played with himself. I got down on my knees in front of him and took a hold of his slick cock. 

"Now this looks delicious." I commented before pressing my lips to the tip.

I couldn't believe I was actually doing it. I didn't mind giving Scott blowjobs from time to time but I wanted Christopher, I wanted to please him. I licked all around the head tasting Christopher and also tasting my own juices. He let out a moan as I put my mouth over him and sucked slowly. I knew how it must look on the camera and how Scott would lose it seeing me service Christopher. He again slipped his fingers into my hair as I bobbed on him taking him into my throat. I looked up as I sucked and could see the lust in his eyes. I lifted my mouth from him and licked the length of his shaft to the base and back up to the tip. 

"Come ride my cock Lori." He told me as he moved to the couch and sat down.

"Whatever you say Mr. Hamilton." I teased while straddling him on the couch.

I moaned loudly as I slid down on his cock. I rested my hands on his shoulders and started grinding on top of him. He sucked on my breasts taking each nipple between his lips. It felt amazing. I looked over to the camera while I slowly started to ride him. Christopher put his hands onto my hips and held on as I rode harder, bouncing on his steel cock.

"Smack my ass." I whispered into his ear. "Hard."

Christopher didn't hesitate slapping my cheek. I squealed loudly and it stung like a son of a bitch. He did it again and again. My skin was bright red and hot. He was thrusting hard up inside me. I threw my head back and arched my body giving in to an incredible orgasm. Christopher didn't stop fucking me as I quivered on top of him and strained my body. I wrapped my arms around him as my orgasm crashed down on me. I held on tightly moaning in his ear. He was close too. He grunted loudly as he tensed up. I didn't want him to come inside me so I quickly climbed off of him and knelt on the floor in front of him. He groaned when I took him in my mouth and sucked. I pumped his shaft as I worked my tongue and mouth on the head. His hips lifted and he filled my mouth with a heavy load of cum. I swallowed shot after shot, it was strong and very different from Scott but this was better. I lifted my head and smiled at him seeing his relief and definite satisfaction. 

"I think we need some drinks." He suggested and like a good hostess I went to get them.

It was such a weird feeling walking through this house naked with Christopher sitting naked on the couch. There was something liberating about not caring about consequences. I took a couple of beers from the fridge and brought them back out to Christopher. We sat quietly reminiscing about what just happened. I felt like I had been at the gym, my muscles were getting a good workout. Suddenly Christopher stood up and he grabbed me. I was startled as he pulled me to my feet and then threw me over his shoulder. He squeezed my ass as he walked to the stairs and up them. Once inside the master bedroom he tossed me onto the king sized bed. This time it would be the camera hidden in the alarm clock recording us. 

I laid on my back as he crawled between my legs. I reached for his cock and ran my fingers up and down his shaft. It hardened quickly to my delight. 

"I'm going to fuck you so hard." He said with a laugh and I knew he meant it. 

He pulled me forward and shoved his cock back inside me. I put my legs up resting them on his shoulders. He started to pound my pussy roughly. I had never been fucked like before, it was so animalistic. I closed my eyes enjoying having that cock deep inside me, my whole body shook from the force of his thrusts. I cupped my breasts and squeezed them together as he made me cum again. I imagined Scott watching me being used by this stud. Christopher pushed my legs forward folding me in half. My heels pointed toward the ceiling directly above my head. He had me pinned under the full weight of his body as well as holding both my wrists to the mattress. His cock plunged into me over and over. I could feel his full weight on top of me as he plunged inside. He was relentless, my legs felt like rubber as he continued fucking me harder and harder. I wI moaned loudly as he went slammed into me faster and faster. Finally his rhythm slowed until he came to a stop. He slowed his rhythm until he stopped while completely inside me. He looked down into my eyes and he had a strange expression and then he surprised me.

"You're going to give me a piece of that tight ass as part of the deal for the house. I've been thinking about your ass since seeing you in that bikini." He said to me crudely.

I stared up at him not sure if he was serious but quickly realized he meant it. I swallowed hard having never done it before, I didn't even let Scott try. I was just not into it and afraid it would hurt too much. He let go of my wrists and leaned back. He pushed my legs from his shoulders and I gasped when he pulled out of my pussy. All of a sudden I felt so empty. I didn't get a chance to talk him out of it as he flipped me over onto my stomach and pulled my ass up high in one swift fluid motion. I knew that I wasn't the first person he had done that to. I started to plead my reasons for not wanting to be fucked in the ass but it was happening. He pushed the side of my face into the pillow as he held the back of my neck firmly. I froze feeling the head of his cock inserted between my cheeks. He applied pressure and for a moment I didn't think he was going to be able to get it in but then he succeeded. I groaned deeply. It was such an odd sensation. He had only put the tip inside me and it felt fine, actually it felt good. But then he pushed in deeper and he seemed huge. He slowly rocked in and out, it wasn't too bad but I knew he only had a couple of inches inside me. He groaned as he reacted to how tight I was. With each stroke he forced himself deeper inside me. He had a good pace going and I was actually enjoying the feeling of him in my ass until he shocked my body. He put his hands on my shoulders gripping them and drove most of his cock into me. 

"Please please not too hard!" I begged as I felt like he was tearing me in half.

He didn't say anything but he did not listen to me either. He started pumping harder, his full cock like piston between my cheeks and deep in my ass. I bit the pillow and gripped the sheets, my body rigid as Christopher pounded away. I was being treated like a whore by this man and it was exactly what I wanted at that time. He was grunting loudly like a beast and clearly he was on the verge of cumming. I was drained physically so didn't care when he abruptly pulled out and flipped me over again. He mounted me high on my chest and jerked his cock wildly. Another thing I never let Scott do was cut on my face but Christopher didn't ask or care. I liked toward the camera and smiled. Christopher turned my head so he could shoot straight in my face. It was warm and salty as it splashed over my lips and then my nose. He was trying to give me a complete facial as he shot more onto cheeks and over my right eye. His body convulsed a couple more times before he rolled off of me. I faced the camera one last time giving it a good look at the facial Christopher gave me. 

That night the papers were signed and Christopher Hamilton bought the house and we made a sweet commission. I went home with the cameras. I got there and he was in the shower. I packed a bag to go to a hotel for the night. I wrote him a note as he got cleaned up telling him what I saw with Rachel. I also told him it was inspirational and helped sell the house to Christopher Hamilton and he should watch the videos to understand better. He did watch and left me some horrible messages but again i reminded him of who did what first and with my friend. While our marriage came to an end we still ran the business together. It was lucrative and now that there were no restrictions we made a fortune. As for Christopher Hamilton he has asked me to find another property to buy and has introduced me to some of his other rich friends looking for investments.