 The ride from the airport had been full of unspoken electricity. A small gap separated them in the car. He held true to his promise that one of the first places he would touch was the soft skin on the back of her left hand. 

After months and months that seemed like an eternity, the odds stacked so enormously against them, they were finally sharing the same space. He had ignited her soul from the other side of the globe, fanned and cared for the flame through vast distances. She had been his before she knew it, now she was just waiting for him to own her completely. 

Slow it down. He always told her that, when her mind would run away.

They had both had their fair share of doubts coming into this. However as they sat in the car talking casually, music punctuating the air, she wondered if they ever really mattered.

Like a true gentleman he helped her take her luggage inside, she had maybe over packed but isn't that what being a woman was? He showed her around and left her to her own devices for a few minutes, mostly because he knew how nervous she got and that she needed time to process. She scanned the room, taking in bits of his life. His world that she had somehow become part of. Music started playing in another room, and she followed it to find him. 

"You okay hon?" 

She smiled and nodded, nerves choking her. He gave her a knowing look, he wasn't buying her brave façade. He motioned her over to sit beside him on a couch. He allowed her enough space to not feel forced, but was close enough she could feel his heat. 

"I'm going to kiss you," her eyes widened in mild uncertainty. He brought her fingers to his mouth and kissed each fingertip, exposing her wrist he left gentle bites there. With each pass of his lips, she visibly relaxed. And by the time he had turned her wrist into his mouth, her eyes were filling with the heat that started this whole thing.

He looked at her and smiled, a dashing smirk she had come to adore. Her face turned pink and he broke into a full lip smile. 

"I wanted to have a sufficient tease, but I've waited months to taste your lips," he said coming closer. In front of her, he was more intoxicating that she imagined possible. 

By the time his lips met hers she was ready to come undone. His lips were soft at first, but sure. He was trying to kiss away her insecurity. He slid his hands along her chin, to the back of her neck, down her throat...he stopped at her throat. Her hair was up, as usual. He groaned against her lips. She knew he would be back.

His fingers continued exploring her while his mouth gradually became more demanding. She yearned for it. She risked opening her eyes and found another promise, to explore her with closed eyes but kiss her with eyes open, was being filled. 

He bit her lip. She gasped. His tongue snaked inside. She quietly moaned against his mouth. That was the sound he needed to be encouraged forward. 

His hands magically found their way beneath her shirt. Where his calloused fingers touched, goosebumps rose. Along her sides, her tummy, the god forsaken pouch she hated so much. When her shirt hit the ground she was barely aware of the break in kisses. His mouth kept hers busy and her mind was reeling as he traced her soft skin. 

Reaching out she laid her hands against his chest and ran them over the material of his shirt annoyingly covering his skin, keeping him from her. She pulled at the buttons, fumbled, growled a little frustratedly as she blindly worked at them while he made her hands tremble. He smiled against her mouth placing his hands on hers to still the trembling. With his reassurance she undid the remaining buttons and he shrugged free from his shirt. 

Her mouth swollen she let her heated gaze trail a blazing path across him. She followed the line of his belt, up the center of his abdomen, down each side, across his chest and shoulders. She traced her fingers across his biceps. He watched her intently, his patience paper thin but watching her drink him in was sexy in its own right. 

From his biceps she trailed fingers to his chest, in the thick of his chest hair she laced her fingers and tugged. He sucked in a breath his control breaking. She heard it and with a glint in her eyes, pulled harder. 

He was on her again in seconds. His mouth found it's way to the curve of her neck, his teeth bringing pleasure with small gasps of pain as he teased the flesh there. Cool air met her breasts and his hands were covering them, his nails tracing the curve under each breast. The skin around her nipples. 

She gripped his sides, nails digging into his flesh. This was the passion they both buried beneath the surface, this was a taste. 

His mouth found it's way down her sides, the inside of her arms, to her tummy. He worked her belt off then the button on her jeans. The denim slid off her legs. He took in every inch of skin as it was revealed. He placed his mouth on her mile long legs that were now bare. The inside of her thighs, her knees. Nowhere was left untouched. 

She felt his mouth creeping back to her thighs and her eyes quickly shut. He slid her cotton panties down,

"Look at me." He demanded.

Her eyes stayed shut. 

"Look at me Princess, I want you to watch me taste you." 

Her face flamed red but she opened her eyes. 

He did not rush the journey to the slick slit that ached to be explored. Instead he kissed, nibbled and teased every part of her except where she ached . 

"Tell me you want my mouth on you." He said.

She glared at him through pants and gasps. He bit her thigh.

"Tell me what I want to hear." 

Her lips set tight in defiance. 

He raised an eyebrow.

"You want to test me then Princess?"

That familiar deviant flash he had come to recognize filled her eyes for a moment. 

He spread her thighs wide, her clit swollen and protruding in a way he knew made her self conscious. He could smell her arousal and see the moisture as it trickled from her. He looked up at her, she met his gaze evenly. In a quick motion he smacked her pussy. 

She twitched forward but couldn't close her legs with him between them.

"I want admission." He said hand poised ready for another blow.

She lifted her chin, her chest heaved and her legs shook but she wouldn't go down without a fight. It's part of what he loved. 

*smack!* 

She sucked in a breath. Her pussy was visibly throbbing. 

He looked at her in question. She swallowed hard but said nothing. He smiled at her devilishly.

*Smack!* 

She moaned.

"Please." It came as a whisper.

"Please what Princess?"

*smack*

"Please, I need you to taste me." It was a cry ending in a groan as he laid his mouth on her stinging pussy and began to deliver slow licks. 

She gripped the sheets. He licked the leaking arousal from her hole before shoving his tongue inside. He placed his mouth over her whole sex and sucked, biting a little before releasing. He sucked on her clit and teased it with a myriad of licks until he found a pattern that made her shiver and moan. 

She thread her fingers into his hair as his shoulders pinned her thighs. When he slid two fingers in her she gasped and when he found her spot so many missed she pressed into his mouth with a drawn out curse. 

He began to move his fingers, the way she knew he would. But feeling it was something entirely different . Her body was humming, she was embarrassingly wet, but he thought it was hot as hell. Each motion of his fingers caused a sloppy wet sound. His saliva mixing with her juices made it messier. 

When she started to throb he knew she was close, when her legs locked and the muscles clenched he could feel her winding up to a big orgasm. Her back arched up, head back and in a sudden rush she let out a breath he hadn't known she was holding. He worked against her clenching muscles and was rewarded with a loud moan of his name. He licked her clit as she came, and when he sucked on it, laying his head against her, he was met with a gush of cum on his fingers, and another more powerful burst against his chin.

Surprised he paused before letting his tongue join his fingers at her hole where one last gush released on his tongue before she collapsed onto the bed.