 Author's Note: Ever since a friend started working as a librarian, I've had a fantasy about accosting him in the library after hours. I decided to share it for the holiday as my first submission - enjoy!

*

Ryan shuffled through papers at the reference desk, trying to finish as quickly as possible so he could lock up and go home.

He liked his job, sometimes even loved it, but there were days when it was more frustration than it was worth, and today had been one of those days -- coworkers not showing up as scheduled, coworkers who did show up complaining to him about the other coworkers, conflicts over the recently revised schedule -- and on top of all that, it was Valentine's Day.

He was a bit relieved not to be seeing anyone this year, which meant he didn't have to tiptoe around all the crazy feminine expectations that the holiday brought and that seemed to vary from woman to woman.

If they would all just have a meeting and decide what the hell they wanted it might not be so bad -- at least he'd have an idea what to do. Sadly that meeting had still not come to pass, at least as far as he knew.

A noise from the rear of the library broke his concentration and made him drop the stack of papers he had been sifting, and he swore under his breath. He thought for a moment but assured himself he had locked all the doors as he ushered the last patrons out before closing, and even if not, he always double-checked the locks on his way out, which hopefully would be soon. As he stooped to scoop up the papers, he heard another noise, closer this time, and picked up his head to peer over the desk.

"Alyssa?"

From his squat behind the counter he saw his friend Alyssa walking toward him in a long black coat detailed with red thread. "Sorry 'Lys, I'm just getting ready to close here -- wait, how did you get in?" he queried.

"The back door was unlocked," she motioned as she approached the counter, "but don't worry, I locked it behind me."

He stacked the papers together and set them on a desk behind the counter. "Well thanks, but I've got a good half hour of work left to do, so why don't I catch up with you tomorrow?"

"Oh, but I'm here on official library business Ryan."

Trying very hard not to be annoyed, Ryan turned around and saw Alyssa leaning on the counter. There was something different going on -- the tilt of her shoulders, the arch of her back, the mischievous look in her eye... this was a different Alyssa than the one he had known for going on ten years. He wasn't sure what she was up to, but maybe because he had had a rough day, or maybe just because he was curious to see where she was going with this, he decided to play along.

"Official library business, huh?"

"Yes," she sighed, straightening slightly, "I'm afraid I have an overdue material."

Ryan scoffed. "'Lyssa, you don't even live here. How do you have an 'overdue material'?" His patience was waning again, and his mind started drifting back to the paperwork he needed to file before he could leave.

He was distracted, however, by the DVD sliding slowly towards him across the counter -- an old Metalocalypse DVD he suddenly remembered telling her had been missing for years. However, since he had looked for it repeatedly, he remembered the name of the patron had checked it out before it mysteriously disappeared, and she was not, he knew, Jeffrey Schultz of East Elm. Was she trying to be clever and give him a present or something? Whatever it was, he didn't have the patience for it.

"This didn't come from the library 'Lys," he said as he tossed it aside and walked back over to the desk, "and please, I really have a lot of work to finish up."

"Well, I was embarrassed so I peeled the library stickers off it. But it's horribly late, and I'd like to apologize. In fact, was hoping maybe we could make alternate arrangements for the fines?"

Frustrated with her riddles, Ryan whipped around to ask her to leave but was stopped in his tracks. Alyssa was now sitting on the counter facing him, her fingers curled around the edges, leaning forward over her bare legs crossed at the knee. She was still wearing her coat, the one he had never seen before, but something else struck him -- from her left foot she dangled a black spiked heel, still wearing the other on her right foot.

Almost every day she wore sneakers, and on the rare occasion she had to dress up she usually wore those rounded flat shoes girls called ballet something-or-others, or occasionally boots or a low heel, but never anything like this. He was almost hypnotized by the shoe hanging half off her foot as she made it dance in circles with her swaying ankle.

With slow, precise fingers Alyssa started unbuttoning her coat as she slipped off the counter. Ryan looked at her with a puzzled expression, not sure what to make of this, and caught her gray-green eyes, so assured and welcoming as they gazed up at him under low lids. Again, he marveled at how his old friend could surprise him, but this was definitely a look he had never seen before. He had occasionally thought of Alyssa as more than a friend, usually in an idle way on a lonely night, and thought about whether or not they might one day be more than friends, but he never dwelled much on the thought. She was really just one of the guys. Now, though, she looked different as her long fingers undid her buttons. 

There was something decidedly feminine in every move she made, something slow and calculated, something designed to elicit a specific response. She almost always had her hair up, off her neck and away from her face, but now it fell in loose brown waves around her flushed face, and he realized it was longer than the last time he had seen it down, and it had a softening effect on her face.

Her body rose slightly as she opened the coat and shrugged it off, letting it fall from her shoulders and hit the ground. Ryan's gaze had followed the coat, now a pile of satin lining on the floor, and was dumbfounded as she walked slowly toward him.

He eyes wandered from the black heels up her shapely pale legs to a black miniskirt that swung impossibly high on her thighs, up her waist and midriff to a crisp white button-down shirt, unbuttoned and tied just beneath her breasts. Without realizing it Ryan had been moving backward a few steps and the wall met his neck with a shock of cold as he noticed Alyssa was not wearing a bra beneath the shirt, both nipples protruding slightly, stretching the fabric of the snugly tied shirt. 

His gaze was broken as he realized she was sinking, close to him now, and saw her exposed collarbone, then her long neck, her full pink lips and flushed pink cheeks, and then again her steely green eyes looking up at him, that same mischievous, enticing look they had before. 

Snapped from his reverie by a sudden tugging at his waist, Ryan realized Alyssa was unbuckling his belt and looked down to see her on her knees before him. Suddenly he was a frenzy of excitement and hesitation, not knowing what to do or say or what he wanted to happen at this point.

Before he could make up his mind, Alyssa's deft fingers had unzipped his trousers and pulled them down along with his boxers, exposing his cock to the cold air of the library. He realized with a start the effect the situation had had on him as Alyssa gripped his already hardening penis at its base, wrapping her long fingers around him snugly. Ryan looked down as Alyssa dragged a slow tongue across her plump lips and took him into her mouth.

In shock, his entire body slammed back against the wall. Just five minutes ago he had been alone in the library, sifting through mundane paperwork, hoping to finish quickly so he could lock up, go home, and maybe grab something to eat before he fell asleep watching TV on his laptop. Now one of his best friends was on her knees in a skimpy outfit, slowly working his entire length with her exploring mouth. Her tongue slid down the underside of his dick as she took more of it into her throat, her lips forming a perfect ring around him, heating his already pulsing length. 

He felt slightly dizzy and reached down to grab her head, causing her to moan in approval. The vibrations resonating in her throat tickled his cock, and he echoed her moan with his own. He started running his fingers through her soft, smooth hair, gathering it at her neck, listening to her whimper in delight and feeling her throat react.

Taking her noises as permission, Ryan gently gripped her head and started moving her in a faster rhythm. His motions were met by a low, teasing moan from Alyssa, which spurred him on. The head of his penis hit the back of her throat, and he felt her shake off her gag reflex as she continued to take him all in.

"'Lys, I'm -- I'm going to -- " Ryan choked out as his body tensed.

Alyssa let out a long "mmmmhmm" and doubled her efforts, going faster and taking more of him in. The hand gripping the base of his penis went to grasp his hip for support as she traced the index finger of her other hand across the base of his scrotum, teasing his balls. He moaned as he felt himself clench and release into her warm throat, and sank an inch or two against the wall. 

As his full consciousness returned, Ryan glanced down at Alyssa, working the length of his cock and cleaning every drop of cum. Still in a daze, he clutched her wrist and pulled her to her feet, and with the added height of her heels they were practically eye-to-eye. Her expression was still warm and inviting, but now almost timid, and behind the lust in her eyes he saw hints of uncertainty, and an almost apologetic look.

For as long as they had known each other they talked, talked at great length, talked for hours without so much as making contact with one another. It was such a reversal now, it seemed to Ryan, to try to gauge each other's feelings not with questions and words but with looks and touches.

He brought his hand up to her face and she closed eyes and leaned into it, into the warmth and strength of his masculine hand, turning to trace her lips across the edge of it. She opened her eyes again lazily and looked at him, both of them staring back at each other as if searching for words they could read. 

Alyssa shut her eyes and titled her face, bringing her lips dangerously close to his, then pulling away slightly, tilting the other way and dancing close to him again, her actions full of teasing and uncertainty. It was driving him mad. She knew, he thought, she knew because he had told her, he never made the first move with a woman, never so much as kissed her before she kissed him.

Now, it was as if she was daring him to kiss her, tempting him to take a chance. Still, he was too uncertain, and every time her lips approached his he tilted his head and parted his lips to accept hers, but they pulled away before she made contact.

But wait, he thought to himself. She had already made the first move -- and then some. Perhaps she was now the uncertain one, or maybe she just wanted a turn to play hard-to-get, to be pursued. He remembered the timidity in her eyes before, a stark contrast to the confident come-hither look she wore as she had wound her way toward him. He felt his blood rising as he thought about it, and felt pressure returning to his still-exposed genitals.

Without a second thought, Ryan grabbed her at the waist and spun her around, thrusting her back against the wall. Her moan and shocked expression were interrupted by his kiss, insistent and aggressive, as he spread her lips with his tongue. Alyssa's body rose, then fell slack as she wrapped her arms around his neck, one hand dragging her fingernails through his hair. He felt her body melt into his as she pressed herself to him, and he decided to continue on.

He broke the kiss and pressed her back against the wall, her eyes heavy with desire and her hair becoming disheveled. He worked his hands up from his waist to her breasts and cupped them, feeling them for the first time. Alyssa moaned softly and arched her back, unintentionally forcing her chest further into his hands as she reached out for him.

Ryan caught her hands and, suddenly remembering a dream she shyly confessed to him involving her arms being bound, he pressed his body firmly against hers, thrusting her back to the wall and eliciting another gasp. Just as quickly, he stretched her arms over her head and held both her wrists with one of his hands, tracing the other down her left arm.

He backed up a step and watched her tremble as he brought his right hand down across her shoulder, tracing her collarbone with his middle finger, then following her clavicle down to the knotted cotton sateen between her breasts.

Her breathing was ragged and her chest was swelling, obviously enjoying the treatment and teasing. They momentarily locked eyes, hers dancing and anxious, his purposeful and commanding, as he untied the shirt and lowered his other hand.

Placing his fingertips along her collarbone he slipped the white cotton off her shoulders and watched it fall off her full breasts, catching briefly on her hardened nipples. He returned her arms above her head and watched her back arch and her tits bounce as she stretched. 

He kissed her again, insistent still, as his hands left her arms to grope and fondle her chest. His thumb rolled over her nipple and she moaned, dropping her arms to drape them around his neck. Instantly he caught them and thrust them over her head again, causing her to gasp.

"Keep them there," he cautioned playfully with an arched eyebrow and watched the lust dance in her eyes.

Her body began to gyrate, beginning at her hips and moving through her torso until it was as though she simply couldn't stand still. Her shoulders moved forward and back, up and down, but she kept her arms raised, wrists crossed, as instructed. He lowered his mouth to her left breast and flicked his tongue at her nipple, making her moan and shudder. Gripping her right breast as well, he sucked the left nipple hungrily, squeezing as he did, and she thrashed and moaned, enjoying the rough treatment. She began sinking ever so slightly and he followed her, wrapping an arm around her waist and guiding her to the floor. 

Ryan moved her to the center of the carpet so they were no longer bunched at the floor beside the desk. He lowered his weight over her and she wrapped her arms around his broad shoulders, welcoming him as they kissed. She moved her legs around his waist, hooking the heels of her shoes into his trousers and underwear, still hanging below his ass, and she slipped them down to his ankles. He kicked them off as she kicked her shoes off and started tugging his shirt over his head. 

One hand continued playing with her breasts while his right traced down her body, lifting the hem of her skirt and sliding under her panties.

She gripped his wrist with a breathy "Ryan!" attempting to stop him. He was momentarily confused -- hadn't she just stripped him with her shoes? -- but took her hand gently in his left and brought it to rest on her stomach.

"It's okay 'Lys," he said as his left hand cradled her cheek again, and his thumb slid over her lips. She leaned into the touch and parted her lips, taking his thumb into her mouth, sucking and nibbling on it.

His hand went to her knee and ran up the inside of her thigh as she twitched and writhed, and he danced a finger along the line of her lace panties. He slipped them to one side and slid a finger between the lips of her pussy, making her gasp. 

She gripped his shoulders and rose to kiss him, bringing her back down to the ground with him, writhing beneath his slow touch. He carefully edged his forefinger into her center, feeling her moan against his chest, shocked at how wet she was when he had barely touched her. Silently he smirked, realizing the foreplay, the kissing and touching and teasing, was what had gotten her so excited. She sighed and dug her nails into his shoulders as he found her clit with his thumb, and felt her hips start winding wildly as if he had found the button that turned them on.

Realizing he was hard again, he broke the kiss and slid her panties off her hips and down her legs, where she kicked them off with her now bare feet. Her legs swung open and went around his sides as he positioned himself over her. With one last look to make sure he was welcome, he met her eyes and saw some trepidation, but she wrapped her hands around his neck and gave him a small nod. He kissed her again and used his hand to guide him to her opening. 

They both gasped when his head met her hot wet skin, and he slowly started to ease himself inside her. She spread her legs wider and arched her back, and he tried to control himself and enter her slowly, but the tightness of her pussy was making his breath come in ragged bursts. It seemed like every fraction of an inch he slid in caused her to contract and get tighter, hugging his cock. He was suddenly even more grateful she had sucked him off earlier, as his insistence was dulled a bit. Still, it was more than he could take -- the teasing had affected him as well -- and with a grunt he thrust himself into her up to the hilt. 

Alyssa cried out and gripped his shoulders as he did, and he gave her a moment to get used to his size before he started to move in and out of her. He settled and shifted his weight and kissed her again, their tongues dancing around each other, as he slowly thrust into her. She moaned and matched his rhythm with her hips, increasing her speed as he increased his. But she wasn't ready for it to be going so quickly so soon.

She hugged him more tightly and eased him onto his side, rolling on top of him and straddling him without breaking contact. Ryan lay on his back and watched her hovering over him, her body flushed pink, her hair falling around her and her face flushed in deep, yielding ecstasy. She looked down at him under heavy lids, her eyes flashing with desire, as she put her hands on his chest and slowly lifted herself off of him, pivoted and swirled around the head of his penis, then came crashing back down. 

Her teasing movements were intensified by the fact that her hands massaging his chest and her straight arms leaning into him forced her breasts together and forward as they bounced hypnotically above him. He stretched out to grab them and she moaned and thrust them into his hands, picking up her pace as she gyrated around his cock, resting so snugly in her pussy, as though it were the axis of her entire body.

Still she continued to torment him, lifting her body up, gyrating around his engorged head, teasing until he thought he was going to explode, then finally thrusting her hips down to meet his. He gripped her waist and flipped her over, grabbing her knee as he did. With no provocation she lifted her leg and hooked her ankle on his shoulder, and he marveled momentarily at her flexibility before he felt how much deeper into her he could now go. 

He moaned and drove himself into her, his skin bumping her clit with each thrust, as she writhed beneath him. He grabbed one of her breasts and she covered his hand with her own, encouraging him to grope and fondle her roughly. As his thrusts grew more savage and demanding, penetrating her deeper, her moans grew louder and her writhing became thrashing.

She was close, he could see, and he bent down and took her nipple in his mouth and sucked it as he thrust, causing her to arch so wildly that she literally lifted him, almost folding in half, her head perpendicular to her back as she screamed his name.

And then he felt it. Her entire pussy clenched, then released ever so briefly as waves and ripples of ecstasy shook her whole body, and her pussy gripped and massaged his cock as though milking him. Buried in her snug wet center, feeling her twist and contort beneath him, he climaxed himself, releasing into her as she grasped him inside her.
