 Leslie slowly wiped the sweat from her brow as she hastily finished her evening tasks. She quickly turned to put away her soiled dish towel just as her manager, Chad, walked past. 

"Oh, I'm sorry," she gasped as his body brushed against her backside. "No problem," he grinned at her. It was one of those sheepish, shy grins he often shot her way. She couldn't get him. Ever since she started at the swanky new club six weeks earlier, she'd had a crush on Chad. She met him her second night, and he caught her eye right then. Not that he was her usual type. She usually went for the tall, dark, and handsome type with oodles of cash and a fast car. Chad totally was not her type. Sure, he was tall and cute, but he was a club manager with much less that the six figure income she had accustomed herself to with the other men in her life. But for some reason she could not take her mind off of him.

The lights in the restaurant began to shut off as her last customers left. She quickly shut down the front dining room and quickly moved to the kitchen to finish up her chores. She was tired and in desperate need of a shower. It was 11:30 p.m. and she was hoping to get out in time to meet her friends at the local bar. Chad was counting the cash in his office. She knew he'd be in there for awhile, so she decided to take off her shirt and mop the floors in her mini skirt and tight tank top. She glanced at herself in the mirror and noticed her dark nipples protruding through her sweat drenched shirt. "Whatever," she smirked to herself and quickly got down on her hands and knees to scrub the floor. "What a thankless job," she thought.

Chad realized he had forgotten his pay stubs in the front room and quickly jumped up to retrieve them. He was shocked at the display he received as he walked by the kitchen. Leslie's supple ass was stuck up in the air as she dragged the scrub brush back and forth on the floor. He could see the muscles working in her back as she slowly scrubbed away the day's filth. A long line of sweat slowly dripped down her chest as she sat up to brush her long, auburn hair out of her face. Chad's mouth dropped open as her perky nipples jutted out of her tiny tank.

"Hi," she smiled at him. She couldn't help but giggle at his expression. Did she know he would come out here? Subconsciously, she must have. She wanted him to. "Um, er, uh sorry forgot something." Chad quickly ran out, eager to hide the growing bulge in his fitted black slacks. He wanted her. She knew it. He had never been with a woman like her. She was out of his league. Plus, no fraternizing with the employees, company rule number one. But the picture of her round ass and tiny boy shorts was burned in his mind.

He grabbed his pay stubs and made a bee line for the office. Half way there he stopped. He turned back around and headed for the kitchen. "Um, I have a better way of doing that," he said as he bent down to take the scrub brush from Leslie. His hand closed over hers as she looked up into his blue eyes. "Oh my God what am I doing?!" he was screaming to himself. Their gazes locked for what felt like an eternity. Finally, Leslie grabbed him and stuck her lips onto his. Hungrily, they began searching for each other's tongues. Chad ran his hands up and down her back , fingering under the hem of her skirt. She ripped his button down shirt open, letting the buttons fly off past her head. He picked her up, and slammed her against the walk-in cooler door, ready to take her in pure animal lust. Leslie ripped off her top and guided his lips to her swollen nipples. "Ohhh yessss," she gasped as his mouth began to pull and suck at her. She lowered her legs and broke away from him, receiving his painful groan as they were momentarily separated. She opened the door to the cooler, the one place where they could be saved from the humidity of the restaurant. They immediately began to kiss again, fucking each other with their tongues. Chad felt his way up her thigh and into her mound, feeling the heat and wetness of her need. He slid two fingers in, then three, fucking her with his hand. 

"Uh, uh, uh, yes, oh yes, harder, yeah" she groaned, burying her head into his chest. Chad fell to his knees and brought his mouth to her swollen sex, licking her slit back and forth and finally closing his tongue over her clit. He sucked and pulled greeted with moans of ecstacy: "Oh god, yes that's it, right there, oh yes, uh, uh, uh, oh, oh, I'm cumming, I'm CUMMING!" Her juices gushed into his mouth as her body shuttered in orgasm. She continued to hump against his hand as he removed his pants. His hand slipped out as he picked her up and placed her on one of the shelves. His swollen cock was in need of release. Just as he thought that, Leslie growled, "Put it in me. I need you in me." Chad quickly obliged, thrusting into her with brute force. She liked it hard. 

"Oh yeah fuck me fuck me harder harder faster oh yes uh yeah yeah harder oh oh yeah oh." She screamed and clawed as he fucked her with all of his strength. She was insatiable. He could feel her tight muscles contracting all around him, causing him to spurt his seed deep into her womb. This caused Leslie to cum again. She screamed allowed, clawing at his back, drawing blood. They lay against each other, covered in sweat and sex.

"I guess I'll be closing for you tomorrow night," she said with a grin.