 "Have a good night!"

Danny waved after the customer as they left, then quickly moved to the door to lock it. With a sigh, he slumped back against the wall, reaching behind the keyboard stand to flip the switch and turn off the neon OPEN sign in the window. What had started as a short morning shift had turned into an all-day affair, leaving him exhausted and questioning if the barely-above-minimum-wage job was worth it.

"Was that the last customer?" Emily called from the back room.

"Yup!" Danny yelled back, pulling the scissor gate across the front of the store. "I just pull this thing shut, right?"

"And put the lock on, yeah," Emily called, stepping out from behind the counter. She put her arms above her head and raised onto her tiptoes, stretching her whole body. "Christ, thank god that's over, right? There should totally be more than two people here on a Saturday night."

"Definitely," Danny replied, glancing at Emily as she stretched. He felt a sudden surge of energy looking at her, glad that if he did have to be stuck at the small electronics store so late, it was with the cute brunette. His last double had been with his manager, which had devolved into a half-dozen repetitive "training drills" whenever the store was empty. With Emily, he could just goof off and make jokes.

That the store's red polo hugged her chest a bit too tight didn't hurt, either.

"I know you don't normally work close, so I took care of most of the closing procedures," Emily said, moving towards the front of the store to make sure the gate was set. "If you can just count down the registers, I'll reset the shelves and we can get out of here."

"No problem," Danny said, returning to the front counter. "Thanks again for offering to give me a ride home tonight."

"It's no problem, really," Emily said, waving his thanks off. "Kevin was a dick to make you stay, he knows the bus doesn't run this late."

"Yeah, well, normally I'd get a ride back from my roommate, but he's home visiting family this weekend."

"I know, Danny, you've said that already," Emily said with a smirk.

"Right," Danny said, laughing nervously. "I just feel bad."

"Don't," Emily said, stepping up to the counter and leaning on it for a moment. "I'm more than happy to help you out."

Emily gave him a smile before turning to work the shelves, leaving Danny with a warm feeling as he pulled the cash drawers out and began his count. He got through the first drawer fast enough, but as he started on the second, Emily began to work on the shelf of cables directly across from him. With her back to him, he was able to take a longer look at her. She was a head shorter than him, with curly brunette hair that reached halfway down her back. The tightness of her shirt made it easy to see the outline of her bra, and it ran just short of her jeans, allowing him to catch a glimpse of the pale white of her lower back. The jeans themselves seemed to sit a bit low, too, and he wondered if they were perhaps a bit too small for Emily's wide hips and cute little bubble butt.

"You almost done?" Emily asked, and Danny quickly looked back to his count as she glanced back over her shoulder.

"Y-yeah, almost."

"Cool. I'm basically just doing busy work, so whenever you're finished, we can hit it."

Danny focused up, feeling a bit embarrassed. He wondered if Emily had caught him leering, and imagined it had to have been a little obvious. He was only two years older than her, but she'd just turned eighteen a few weeks ago, so it felt a little weird to be vibing on her. Still, he couldn't help the way his mind wandered, imagining what it would be like to spin her around and kiss her-

Danny shook his head, his guilt fighting against the lusty thoughts. Even if their age difference wasn't really an issue, he at least had to think of Sara. True, they'd only been out on a couple dates, and they hadn't actually discussed whether they were exclusive yet, but the fact that they'd already gone down on each other suggested they were heading that way. Danny decided to just stay focused on getting the count down and getting home; if he had to jerk it to the thought of Emily to get her off his mind, he could take care of that then. After a few more minutes, he'd finished up and was ready to go.

"Hey, I-" Danny started, but the words died in his throat as he looked up to see Emily down on her knees and bent over, reaching to straighten items on the bottom shelf. She was more or less in doggystyle position, and her jeans were stretched tight against her ass. The tightness also had the effect of causing her jeans to ride lower, and he could see the top of her ass crack, as well as the slightest peek of her powder blue panties. The width of her hips and the way she was wiggling as she moved just exaggerated the effect of it all, and he was suddenly hit with the image of himself with a hand on her lower back - which he could see a lot more of now, the shirt having ridden up - as he plowed into her from behind.

"Shit," he whispered, his erection now winning out fully over the quickly fading sense of guilt and thoughts of Sara.

"Think I'm all done," Emily said as she sat up, still facing the rack. Slowly, she stood up, not yet facing Danny as she reached back to pull her shirt back down. Her hand moved down to her pants, but instead of pulling her jeans up to cover her crack, she gave a tug to her panties, pulling more of them into view and into her crack. She turned then, and the look in her eyes was unmistakable to Danny: mischief and lust. "Are you ready for me to give you that ride now?"

"Um... home, right."

"I mean, yeah, if that's where you want," Emily said, slowly walking back to the counter and leaning on it. She was inches away now. "Your roommate is away, so that would be good. Or..."

"Or?" Danny asked, eyes locked with Emily's. She glanced up to the security camera in the corner.

"Or, I haven't activated the security camera in the back room yet. So, I could ride you right back there." Emily smirked and quickly slipped around the counter and to the back room. As she disappeared from view, she added, "It's your call."

Danny was frozen for a minute, not sure what to do. Emily was propositioning him, and it was less a "yes or no" and more a "when and how" situation. For one fleeting moment, he thought of Sara, but they weren't exclusive, and Emily was offering him a whole lot more than oral. He slipped the cash drawers back into the registers and quickly followed Emily to the back room.

And he was surprised for the second time that night by what he saw: Emily was sitting with her legs crossed on the desk by the vault, wearing nothing but her powder blue cotton panties and bra. A wide smile broke out on her face as she saw the shock on Danny's face, and she threw her curly locks behind her shoulders.

"I decided I'm the driver, so I get to decide where we're riding." Emily uncrossed her legs and hopped off the desk. "I hope that's cool."

"Absolutely," Danny said before quickly closing the distance between them and grabbing Emily, kissing her like he'd imagined earlier. The brunette wrapped her arms around Danny's neck and returned the kiss eagerly. She was quickly pressed back against the desk as they made out, their tongues dancing and darting around one another. She sat back, letting her legs pop up and rest on either side of Danny's hips. The room was silent save for the needy sounds of their make-out session.

His hands started on her side, but Danny quickly let them wander, dipping down to feel the soft curves of her stomach and the swell of her hips. Sat as she was, he couldn't quite get a good grip on her ass, but he let one hand massage her lower back as the other moved around to squeeze her spread thigh. Emily moaned at the touch, and Danny could feel the heat radiating from behind the thin cotton layer.

After a few minutes, Emily put a hand on Danny's chest, pushing him back. She smiled at the clear disappointment on his face before explaining herself. "Obviously, you don't mind that I jumped the gun a bit, and I totally didn't think you would, but I still feel like I owe you a choice." Emily rolled a pair of hair ties down her wrist and held them up. "One or two?"

"Huh?" Danny said, not following right away. Emily just smirked and reached behind her head. She gathered her hair up in a single hand and turned her head.

"One," Emily said, then split her hair into two bunches, "or two."

"Oh," Danny replied, excited. He thought for a second before answering, "Two."

"I had a feeling," Emily said, quickly setting to work on putting her hair up into pigtails. Once she'd finished, she let them drape over her shoulders and put on a shy look, turning her shoulder slightly. "Do you like that innocent little girl look?"

"I just think you look cute like this," Danny replied honestly, placing his hands on Emily's thighs and moving in close. "Though you look cute no matter what, so I guess it doesn't matter."

"Bet I can look cuter," Emily whispered, leaning in to give Danny a kiss. Before he could start another make-out session, though, Emily slipped off the desk and down onto her knees. She came to rest with her face at crotch level and looked up at Danny. "How 'bout now?"

"So cute," Danny said, enjoying the angle on Emily's pale breasts in her bra.

"I think I could still be cuter," Emily said, placing a hand on the bulge in Danny's jeans; he shuddered from the contact, placing a hand on the vault to steady himself. Emily lightly traced the outline of his dick before moving a hand to his zipper. "Something to really make me look my best, you know?"

"Fuck yeah," Danny said, reaching to undo his button as Emily tugged down his zipper. Once that was taken care of, Emily wasted no time in hooking both his jeans and boxers and pulling them down. It was finally Emily's turn to gasp as Danny's dick sprung free, his full eight inches stopping just short of smacking her in the face. For a moment, she was mesmerized, and Danny noticed as she subconsciously licked her lips.

"Shit, dude, that's impressive," Emily said, then regained her composure as she leaned her body lower. Grinning, she placed her face beneath Danny's member, allowing it to rest on her face. As she looked up at Danny, then, she gave a big, toothy grin and threw up peace signs with each hand. "Thoughts?"

Danny replied honestly: "That's absolutely the cutest fucking thing I've ever seen, Emily."

"Hmm, I thought so," Emily laughed, before allowing her face to drop the cuteness for the lustier look again. "No more cute, though. Now I just want you to see sexy."

And with that, Emily's tongue darted out and gave a long lick along the underside of Danny's shaft. As soon as she reached the tip, she gave it a single swirl before pushing down in a swift motion and enveloping Danny in the wet heat of her mouth.

"Oh, fuck," Danny gasped, his knees almost buckling from the sudden intense pleasure that surged through his body. Emily didn't miss a beat, staying with him as he shifted and allowing herself to gag as he pushed back against her. She'd taken a good six inches of him already, and his thrust sheathed him another inch in her throat. "Christ, Emily, holy shit."

There was no immediate reply from Emily; she was too focused on finishing what she'd started. She looked up at Danny with smoldering eyes and pulled back an inch to regain control. Then, relaxing her throat, Emily pushed forward, her nose coming to rest in the black thicket of Danny's pube as she deepthroated all eight inches of his dick. She opened her lips as much as she could and attempted to moan, instead just letting out a guttural sound as she gagged slightly on Danny's cock.

"Oh... oh God, Emily, you're fucking amazing..."

"HUHHG, I know," Emily gasped as she pulled back, taking a sputtering breath as she released Danny's cock. She used her spit to begin stroking him as she took a moment, but she kept eye contact with Danny as she did. "Not to brag, but I have had my fair share of satisfied guys."

"Add me to the list, Em, damn," Danny said, appreciating the steady pace she was jerking his length with, a feeling that intensified as her other hand begin to lightly tease his balls. "Can't believe this is happening."

"I have been hoping for so long we'd get to close together for some reason."

"You should've just asked," Danny said, letting out a moan as Emily closed her mouth back around his member. Instead of an exploratory plunge this time, the brunette began to bob along the length, giving Danny a slurping, messy blowjob. The lewd sound of her sucking filled the room, and Danny leaned on the safe for support as pleasure flowed through his body. He wanted to pinch himself, make sure this wasn't some sort of amazing dream, but he didn't want it to end if it was.

Instead, he let a hand drop onto Emily's head, taking hold of one of her pigtails as he encouraged her on. Emily seemed to moan louder as he pulled and pushed her along his length, and that only emboldened Danny. He braced himself and began to meet Emily's dives with thrusts of his own, forcing himself deeper into her throat and causing her to let out more gagging noises. Emily looked up with a burning stare, one that just egged him on more and more as she picked up the pace. He took her other pigtail in hand now and held them to his hips, pinning Emily close for a long moment as her throat struggled and sent vibration all along his dick.

"Shit!" Danny yelled suddenly, the pleasure pushing him over the edge. He released Emily, who pulled back with a ragged breath and a long, thick strand of spit connecting her mouth to his dick. Realizing he was close, Emily looked up and opened her mouth wide, using her arms to mash her tits together.

"Come on, Danny, give it to me," Emily begged, sticking out her tongue and licking at the tip of his dick. "I want it so fucking bad, paint me with your cum, baby."

"Fuck!" Danny cried, grabbing his dick and stroking it the last bit of the way there. With a loud, guttural moan, he felt his orgasm hit, and so did Emily as a blast of jizz splattered across her face. Instinctively, she closed her eyes and opened her mouth wider, allowing the next few bursts to coat her tongue and lips. Danny aimed for her mouth as best he could, but he enjoyed the sight of each bit that escaped and dripped down her chin. As he finished, Emily began to wipe the cum on her face into her mouth before moving forward to clean his head off.

"Damn, that was a lot," Emily said, popping Danny's dick out of her mouth as she did. She looked up at him and opened her mouth, showing the cum inside, before making a big show of swallowing; a new shiver of pleasure ran through Danny at the sight. "I hope that wasn't everything you had in you. I'd hate to think our night was over."

"What did you have in mind?" Danny asked, looking her body up and down as she stood.

"How about you return the favor?" Emily said, sitting on the desk and spreading her legs. There was a clear dark, wet spot in the crotch of her panties, and he could make out the shape of her lips.

"With pleasure," Danny replied, dropping to his knees. He reached for Emily's panties, and she lifted her hips to allow him to pull them loose. As he slid them off her legs, she spread again, and he was met with the sight of her cute, pink pussy, hair trimmed short.

"And after this, you'll get that ride," Emily said before placing a hand on the back of his head and pulling him towards her.

To be continued...