 I was only back in my hometown for a brief visit and, due to family obligations that required my return, I wasn't sure how much free time I'd have to see my old friends so I hadn't reached out to any of them. When I actually found myself with a free night, I was trying to figure out who to contact and what to do when an answer presented itself to me. I saw a social media post by Heather, a friend I'd known since we were in elementary school, saying that she'd be bartending that night at McCormick's. It wasn't far from my hotel so I decided that I'd swing by and, if the atmosphere seemed conducive for an impromptu reunion, we could both reach out to our friends and try to entice them to stop by. I didn't warn Heather of my plan, figuring I'd surprise her and see how things went.

It had been years since we'd seen each other in person and, initially I was concerned that she might not recognize me, but we were both on social media enough that I figured if I could recognize her she should be able to recognize me. I was barely in the door and had spotted her behind the bar when she casually glanced up then did a double-take then her eyes went wide. Before I made it over to the bar, she was coming around the end so I detoured in that direction to meet her.

"Holy shit," she exclaimed, "look at you. I can't even remember the last time I actually saw you in the flesh."

Before I could respond, I was engulfed in her arms. I returned the hug, feeling her substantial tits between us. I'd known that they were substantial prior to this based on her social media photos but I hadn't really expected to feel them. I couldn't help but think more about the soft flesh as we hugged but it wasn't so bad that I was in danger of pitching a tent.

"You look good," she said when we finally parted.

"So do you," I replied.

"What brings you back to town?" she asked.

"Pour me a beer and I'll tell you all about it," I suggested. We headed over to the bar and I grabbed a seat while she poured me a pint. We talked for a little while before finally taking a couple of selfies together and posting them to each of our social media accounts while encouraging anyone who viewed them to come down and hang out with us. It didn't take thirty minutes before people we knew were showing up and it ended up being a pretty fair crowd. When it was finally time to break the seal, I headed off to the men's room and tapped a kidney. As I exited, I heard my name and turned to see Heather at the end of the hall near a back door. She gestured for me to join her as she stepped outside.

"Need a smoke break?" I asked as we stood behind the building.

"I used to," she replied, "but now I just step outside occasionally for a breath of fresh air or to get away from people for a moment."

"But you didn't want to get away from me?" I asked.

"Actually, I wanted to get closer to you," she said, wrapping her arms around my neck and bringing her lips to mine. I didn't resist and this time my cock did start to stiffen as we progressed from kissing to making out. I dropped my hands down to caress her ass, thinking that I could slide them up under her bulky sweater from there and fondle her big boobs. Before I got that far, though, she abruptly changed things.

"It's been a long time since I quit smoking," she said, pulling away from me, "but I still occasionally need something in my mouth."

With that, she dropped down in front of me and started to unfasten my jeans. I couldn't believe where this was going, and how quickly, but I had no complaints. When she lowered my jeans and briefs, my cock was fully rigid and sprung out in her face. She gripped the base, gently pumping it before wrapping her lips around the head and sliding them down my shaft. I moaned as her hot mouth engulfed my tool and expertly began to slide up and down it. She left nothing to be desired when it came to her cocksucking so I was absolutely appreciating the opportunity to experience it. Given her skill, I could tell it wouldn't take long before I was blowing a load down her throat, which was probably good since she still had customers inside the bar. I was already thinking about returning the favor, as well as getting my hands on her titties, but not out there behind the bar when I had a perfectly good hotel room.

I savored the building pleasure while watching my cock disappearing repeatedly into her mouth. As my cock grew thicker when my orgasm was imminent, she never changed her technique or hesitated. When I exploded into her mouth, with an overwhelming feeling of pleasure, she swallowed my load and continued to milk every drop of cum out of me. Once I was fully spent, she let my cock fall from her mouth, looked up at me and smiled.

"That was outstanding," I told her as I helped her up, "I hope you're going to let me show my appreciation back at my hotel after you get off work."

"I was hoping you'd suggest that," she replied and we kissed briefly as I tucked away my spent cock before we headed back inside. It didn't appear that anyone noticed we'd slipped off together and she was quickly busy again pouring drinks. I managed to get my cell number and hotel room number to her without being conspicuous and tapered off my drinking, since I had to drive anyway. I still stuck around until right around closing then she promised that she only had a few things she needed to do and would let me know when she was heading over. I didn't try to sneak in a kiss when I left, knowing there would be plenty of that and more in my hotel room. Back in my room, I slipped into lounge pants and a t-shirt, which I'd been wearing to sleep in, then brushed my teeth and did my other nighttime ablutions.

When I heard from Heather that she was on her way, I propped the door open with the deadbolt then just awaited her arrival. She knocked as she entered then locked the door behind her and was quickly in my arms as we were making out at the foot of the king size bed. I'd been looking forward to getting her naked, fondling her big boobs and eating her pussy so I was soon pulling up her bulky sweater. We parted as she raised her arms and her substantial bra came into view. It was a pretty sexy one so I don't know if she'd been planning for somebody to see it or what. After casting aside her sweater, I briefly fondled those big beauties through her bra then dropped to my knees to work on her jeans. I was pleasantly surprised to find a pair of bikini panties that matched her sexy bra and, after she'd stepped out of her jeans and I'd cast them aside, I sat back on my heels and admired how good she looked.

"Damn, you look good," I said but my cock was throbbing and I knew I couldn't just sit there looking at her. As long as I was down there, though, I took the sides of her panties and slid them down, revealing a thoroughly waxed pussy. I think I may have audibly moaned as I saw how smooth it was and knew that I'd be burying my face in it. I could have just knelt there and ate her but her big boobs were still restrained and we had a big bed to take advantage of so I stood, my lounge pants tented out in front of me. I reached behind her and unfastened a multitude of hooks and loops then slowly slid her bra down her arms to reveal her tits. As I admired the plentiful flesh, her large areolas and her hard nipples, I knew I'd be fucking them as well as fondling them. I started with fondling, though, and ran my hands over them, caressed her hard nipples and hefted their weight in my hands then lowered my head to lick and suck her hard, thick nipples.

She indulged me and I'm sure it wasn't the first time somebody had been transfixed by her big titties but I suspected that her pussy would be dripping and I was anxious to get my face down there and devour her. I forced myself to raise my head and led her onto the bed where she reclined and spread her legs as I positioned myself between them. Running my tongue along her hairless slit, I tasted her pungent juices as she moaned. I slurped at her pussy, lapping up her juices and feeling her smooth skin against my tongue, before slipping a finger into her and focusing my lips and tongue on her clit. Her pussy was so incredibly wet that I easily slipped a second finger into her to join the first, causing her to moan even louder. While I licked and sucked her clit and pumped my fingers in and out of her, she was rocking her hips toward my face and ended up reaching down to hold my head. I glanced up, knowing that her tits would be squeezed between her arms and I was not disappointed by the sight. I knew it was going to feel amazing to fuck those big beauties.

The longer I was eating her pussy, the louder she was moaning and the faster she was rocking her hips toward my face. I wasn't necessarily trying to make her cum quickly; I just wanted to make sure she experienced a great deal of intense pleasure. I was pleased that she appeared to be and that it seemed as though she was on the brink of an orgasm. She was tensing up and arching her back while still forcing her pussy toward my face. Finally, all of the tension abruptly left her body as she gasped and started shaking. I continued to lick and suck her clit while pumping my fingers into her even hotter and wetter pussy. As anxious as that was making me to replace my fingers with my cock, I continued eating her pussy until she went still and let out a sigh. Slipping my fingers from her pussy into my mouth, I sucked her juices off of them as I straightened up. Kneeling between her spread legs, I lowered my lounge pants enough to finally release my throbbing tool. Her eyes went wide as it sprang out and I immediately gripped it as I lowered myself over her, guiding it to her pussy and sliding it in.

We both moaned as my cock was engulfed in her hot, wet pussy then we started kissing while I slid it slowly in and out. I was supporting myself over her on my forearms while savoring the feel of my cock being embedded in her pussy and her tits against my chest. We progressed to making out as I was steadily fucking her but it wasn't very long before she pulled her mouth from mine.

"Why are you still dressed?" she asked, "I want you naked."

I straightened up on my knees again, my cock vacating her pussy and sticking out before me as I pulled off my t-shirt. She sat up, her tits bouncing, and worked my lounge pants down as far as she could. I had to flop onto my back so she could get them the rest of the way off and I was entranced by her tits as they bounced and swung. Rather than going back to missionary, she straddled me and, as she was guiding my cock back into her pussy, I was caressing and fondling her tits. We both moaned again as her hot, wet pussy engulfed my throbbing cock and she immediately started riding it. It didn't take long before her tits were bouncing steadily but I was still enjoying having my hands on them so I didn't stop that just to watch them, at least not yet. I was admiring them as my hands passed over them while occasionally dropping my gaze down to her smooth pussy or up to her face. Her eyes were closed and she was smiling as she moved up and down on my cock, pursuing another orgasm.

Eventually, as she was riding me harder and obviously getting closer to cumming, I released her tits and moved my hands around to caress her ass. Her bouncing tits were nearly hypnotizing so I'm sure I had a goofy expression on my face as stared at them. As I was running my hands over her ass, I was also pushing up into her each time she came down on my cock, giving her as much penetration as I could. Her moaning was becoming louder and more continuous the longer she was riding me as her pussy was becoming even hotter and wetter than it had already been. I was absolutely enjoying the feel of her pussy moving up and down my cock but I wasn't quite approaching my own orgasm yet. I'd have been more than okay staring at her bouncing tits until I did cum, though.

Her tits stopped bouncing when she dropped down onto my cock and remained there before starting to shake as she let out a cry. I went back to caressing her tits as she was cumming, her orgasm appearing to be another long and intense one. Once she'd apparently finished, she remained stationary on my cock as she was recovering but surprised me when she climbed off of my cock and lay beside me while pulling me over her. I was fine with going back to fucking her missionary-style but it turned out that wasn't all that she wanted.

"Fuck me hard," she insisted and I was more than happy to oblige. I guided my cock back into her hot, wet pussy then supported myself over her on my forearms as I started to fuck her. It wasn't hard at first but it didn't take long before I was plowing her pussy and she was moaning like crazy. Of course, I could feel my orgasm building faster while going at it like this, not just because of the hard, fast thrusting, but also because she pulled her knees up toward her tits and opened herself up completely to me. The hotel bed was apparently solid and sturdy, though, because it remained quiet despite the pounding I was giving her. We didn't even bother trying to kiss because we were going at it so hard and fast but I doubt it was a concern to her any more than it was to me. Her pussy felt so incredible that it was all I could think about as I felt the level of pleasure continue to build as my cock was becoming even thicker. I wasn't sure whether she'd cum again before I did but, since she had twice already, I wasn't worried about it.

When I finally exploded into her, it felt so absolutely, incredibly pleasurable that I couldn't hold back the loud moan that escaped from me, which I'm sure could have been loud enough to wake my neighbors if I had any. No one pounded on the wall to encourage me to shut up, though. I was pleasantly surprised as I was spurting into her that Heather suddenly gasped and started shaking again. While they weren't quite simultaneous orgasms, they were pretty close, which I thought was pretty awesome. I continued to fuck her as I was filling her with cum, stopping only when my cock was starting to soften again, by which time it appeared that she'd finished cumming, too. I remained over her for a moment as I was catching my breath then rolled off next to her. We both lay there silently recovering for a moment before she started to get up.

"I don't want to leave a stain on the bedspread," she said, climbing off of the bed as I was distracted by her bouncing, swaying tits again. She headed to the bathroom with me then gazing at her ass until it was out of sight. Since I'd completed my ablutions already, I just turned down the bed before gathering our clothes and piling them on the nearby chair. When she returned from the bathroom, we slipped into each other's arms, our naked bodies rubbing together as we kissed.

"Are you staying over?" I asked.

"If I'm invited," she replied.

"I'd be offended if you just took off immediately after fucking me," I joked.

"I'm hoping to fuck you some more in the morning," she stated.

"That sounds good to me," I replied, "Let's get to bed."

We crawled under the covers, turned out the lights and snuggled together, both of us falling asleep pretty quickly. It had been a late night so we slept well and long. When I found myself waking later that morning, it appeared that my cock had awakened before I had. We were spooning and my cock was nestled in Heather's ass crack. I think it waking up was what woke me up and I'm pretty sure what also woke Heather up, though she may have awakened once I'd cupped her tit and my cock grew harder even faster. She reached behind herself to stroke it then rolled onto her stomach while pulling my cock toward her pussy as she did. She stuck her ass up in the air so I knelt behind her and guided my cock to her pussy, both of us moaning as I eased it in. She was plenty wet to allow me to embed my full length before taking her by the hips and starting to fuck her. Her head remained on her pillow and it looked like she was reaching back under herself to stroke her clit.

It was light enough in the room, with just a bit of sunlight sneaking in around the drawn curtains, that I could admire her ass as my hips tapped against it, causing it to jiggle slightly. Once I had a good rhythm going, though, I reached forward and cupped her tits, feeling the soft, smooth flesh as my palms brushed her hard nipples. I don't know if fondling her succulent tits again made my cock even harder but I'd have been surprised that it was just the fondling that inspired the louder, longer moaning and pushing back against my incoming thrusts. We were really syncing as I pushed in and she pushed back and the bed once again remained silent. It was an outstanding way to start the day and I was hoping that she didn't have anywhere she'd need to run off to, even though I had a few commitments that day myself.

The longer we were fucking, the hotter and wetter her pussy was becoming and the louder she was moaning. I could feel my own orgasm slowly building due to the incredibly pleasurable feel of her pussy but it seemed like she was going to be cumming before I did. I was definitely fine with that, of course, in part because, despite how incredible her pussy felt, I was thinking about how the soft, smooth flesh of her big titties would feel against my cock. I ended up releasing those big beauties and taking her by the hips again so that I could focus on giving her the full length of my throbbing cock. The smacking of my hips against her ass was almost as loud as her moaning but the cry that she let out when she started cumming was definitely louder than both. 

She stopped pushing back as she started trembling so I held my cock deep inside her, just giving a couple more thrusts as she was cumming. It was another long and intense orgasm that I was happy to have been a part of providing. When she finally went still, she was still breathing hard so I gave her a moment to recover before slipping my cock out of her. I had her roll onto her back then straddled her and she knew exactly what I was up to. As I lay my cock between her tits, she brought them together so that I could start fucking them. I held onto the headboard as I slid my cock against the soft, smooth flesh while looking down at her large areolas and hard, thick nipples. She was watching my cockhead as it peeked from her cleavage repeatedly, presumably awaiting an explosion of jizz onto her chest. I intended to provide that and, based on how good it felt to be fucking her tits, she wasn't going to have much of a wait.

I maintained a slow, steady pace, in part to prolong the pleasure I was feeling and in part because slamming my cock between her tits probably wouldn't have made Heather feel like doing this again. Between my moaning and my mutterings, I'm sure it was clear to her how much I was enjoying sliding my cock between her tits. Of course, the real indicator would be when I started to spew. My cock continued to grow even harder and thicker as I got closer to cumming and, when I finally reached that point, I grunted as I blasted a load of cum with such intensity that it hit her lips and chin. She was briefly startled but quickly had her mouth open and her tongue out hoping to catch another shot. The ones that followed were not as powerful but did manage to leave a nice pool of jizz on her sternum.

I continued to fuck her tits, enjoying the feel of the soft, smooth flesh against my cock, even once I was spent, stopping only when my cock started to soften. Slipping it free of her cleavage, I flopped next to her on the bed and watched as, once she released her tits, she spread my cum around on her chest and licked it off of her fingers.

"You'll never get it all off," I finally said, "We're going to have to take a shower."

"If you insist," she replied but we didn't get up right away. She cleaned up what she could while my gaze traveled down her body, over her tits and to her smooth pussy. I could feel the blood already trying to return to my spent cock and I knew that lathering her up in the shower would undoubtedly get me stiff again. When I got up and headed into the bathroom, she wasn't far behind me. Once I had the water on and the temperature adjusted, I straightened up and turned around to find her standing there. The bright lights of the bathroom entirely illuminated her body and I found myself not only staring, but tempted to go down on her again even before we got in the shower. She got moving, though, so I pulled back the curtain for her to step in then followed. I admired her body some more as she wet herself down under the spray then we switched positions and I let the water run over me.
