 "Where are they?" Danny muttered, looking around the floor. He'd been at the club for 10 minutes, and still hadn't caught sight of Sara or Christina. Sara had texted him to meet them there after work, but the reception was so bad inside, he had no chance of getting through to her now that he was actually there.

Of course, with the music blaring, he wouldn't have been able to hear her anyway, but none of his own texts were going through either. So, Danny was left trying to make his way across the dance floor, weaving through the crowd in an attempt to find his girlfriend.

Girlfriend. Was that even the right word? The way they'd left things last week, it was clear theirs wasn't going to be a monogamous relationship, certainly not for the foreseeable future. Danny had been so caught up in his guilt that Sara's confession of infidelity had initially felt like a weight lifting off of his shoulder.

Now, though, he had to admit a bit of jealousy, even as the thought of Sara with her roommate had been all he could think about for the past week. As he failed to find her on the dance floor, Danny had to wonder if Sara had ended up jealous herself, or worse. Could her invite have just been a trick to get him across town and paying a ridiculous cover charge?

However, just as he was just about to give up and head outside, Danny felt arms wrap around his neck and pull him into a hug. Relief washed over Danny, who quickly turned to greet Sara...

...only to find her roommate Christina in his arms.

"And hello to you, too, Danny," Christina shouted playfully, his arm snaked around her waist and pulling her close to him. Surprised, Danny recoiled, embarrassed by the move and looking around to see if Sara had seen that. "Relax, dude, Sara isn't even here."

"What?" he replied, hoping he was just mishearing over the pounding bass.

"Come on!" Christina grabbed Danny's arm and dragged him through the crowd to a small alcove along the back wall. The music still vibrated around them, but it was definitely easier to hear. "Yeah, Sara left a few minutes ago, she got called in to cover a shift. She was going to give you a call."

"Fuck, I didn't get it," Danny said, looking at my cell. "The reception is terrible in here."

"Yeah, no shit," Christina laughed. "She figured you might be hard to reach, so she asked that I keep an eye out for you."

"Well, thanks. I was just about to go anyway."

"What, no way!" Christina protested, grabbing his arm again. "Come on, she invited you out to have a fun night after a long week, she doesn't want you to leave just because she's not here."

"Christina, I wouldn't have even come in had she gotten a hold of me."

"Oh, I think you might have," she said, flashing Danny a big smile. "Look, I don't want to be here all by myself, at least hang out for one drink?"

"I don't know..." Danny said, glancing down at Christina's expectant face. Something about this whole situation seemed odd, but he couldn't quite put his finger on it. "Sara really wanted me to stay?"

"'Make sure Danny has a good time,' that's exactly what she said to me," Christina assured, smiling wider. "One drink?"

"I guess I'm pretty thirsty," Danny said, leading to a huge hug from Christina. This time, not surprised by who he was embracing, Danny enjoyed the hug. He also took a beat to appreciate just how revealing Christina's outfit was - a low-cut green dress that clung tight and rode high - and the feel of her breasts pressed against him.

"Stay right here, drink is my treat!" Christina said before heading off to the bar. Danny watched her go, the sight of her moving and bumping to the music as she went sending to a wave of desire through his body.

Christina was, to put it bluntly, an absolute smokeshow of a woman. She wore her dark red hair short and wavy, a bloom of color and controlled style that framed her round face. She stood about 5'6 - taller at the moment, thanks to her heels - and had multiple piercings, including a ring in her lower lip. Those lips... plump and full, bee-stung with seemingly no effort needed. They sat below a cute nose and narrow eyes, eyes currently surrounded by black liner with expert skill. She had a tattoo of Majora's mask on one arm, an ocarina on the other. And, thanks to Christina's love of midriff-baring tops, he knew she also had the winged Triforce emblem across her lower back.

All those parts went a long way towards defining Christina's status as an absolute hottie, but there was one other major element that cemented that fact, something that was made apparent by the way her dress hugged her body: the girl was a PAWG. Her booty was phat as could be, a plump, juicy bubble that popped out from her back in a perfect, gorgeous curve. Her hips were wide, and swaying as she did to the music, her cheeks bounced nicely with each step; as short as the dress was, it seemed to be in constant danger of riding right up and giving him a full view of her ass.

Danny realized he was no longer jealous that Sara had been with another woman; he was jealous that she'd been lucky enough to be with Christina.

Of course, he also wondered if that might change before much longer. Sara inviting him here, only to disappear but still insist Danny hang out with her other lover? Something was up, and whatever it was, he was down to learn more.

"And drinks!" Christina said as she returned, handing one of the beers she was carrying over to Danny.

"Here's to Alex's fake IDs," Danny chuckled, taking a long drink.

"Yeah, that dude's got the hook-up," Christina laughed. "God, not that the bouncer even looked at my ID. I don't think I've been given a more obvious once-over from the guys on campus. This was, like, a thrice-over."

"I mean, have you seen yourself?" Danny asked, deciding there was no harm in pushing the night towards what seemed like the inevitable. "I had to give you a onceover myself when you walked away."

"Oh, I noticed," Christina said, smirking up at him. Their eyes met, and the look in her eyes told Danny all he needed to know. They stood silently for a moment, each suddenly finding their drink more a burden than a delight. All the while, they stared into each other's eyes, the heat and intensity between them building.

"So," Christina said, placing her empty mug on a nearby table; Danny did the same. "I guess that was the one drink. You're free to go."

"Guess I am," Danny replied, smiling. "But I stayed for one drink for you, so maybe you can do me a favor in return."

"And what's that?"

"How about a dance?"

Christina's eyes narrowed, her lips stretching into a grin. Without saying anything, she took Danny's hand, far more gingerly than how she'd grabbed him earlier, and led him back to the dance floor. They pushed their way through the throng of gyrating bodies, finding a clear enough spot for their own gyrations. Near the center of the floor, Christina stopped, stepping back and pressing her body against Danny's. Instinctively, his hand went to her hips, and in time with the pounding of the bass, Christina began to grind against him.

The first song was, for a club song, fairly slow, but feeling her phat ass pressed against him at all was a godsend. Danny did his best to remain patient, enjoying the back-and-forth of her booty, the floral scent of her hair, and the feel of her hips in his hands. After a few seconds, the next song kicked in, a faster beat that saw Christina grinding harder, pushing closer, moving faster.

"You're a good dancer!" Christina yelled, leaning her head back and putting an arm around Danny's neck.

"I think you're the one doing all the hard work," Danny replied.

"Hmm, you're pretty hard yourself," Christina said, pushing her ass back into the erection in Danny's pants. "Sara wasn't kidding, you've got a lot going on down there."

"Could say the same for you," Danny shot back, meeting Christina's pressure and pushing his dick into the crack of her bubble butt. Staying in time with the music, the two continued to gyrate, Christina keeping herself snug against Danny's erection. Danny's grip on her hips tightened.

"Mm, like we're made for each other," Christina said, eyes closed as she enjoyed the sensation of his erection against her. "You know, Sara really did want for the three of us to have a good time together tonight. I hope I'm good enough on my own."

"Don't even worry about that," Danny assured, squeezing her hips. "You're all the woman I need."

Christina turned suddenly, still moving in time with the music as she leaned up and kissed Danny. He wrapped his arms around Christina as they proceeded to make-out, all the while swaying with the music as best they could. Danny felt himself getting lightheaded as his erection strained against his pants, a situation not helped by Christina's thigh pressing against it. She felt fantastic in his arms, and as their tongues continued to dance around one another, Danny let his hand reach past her hips. And just like that, he finally had a handful of Christina's thick ass.

"So handsy," Christina said with a giggle, nipping at his earlobe. Danny shuddered, and the sensations were almost too much as Christina trailed kisses down his neck. Then, her lips found their way back to his ear. "Let's go somewhere private so you can touch all you want."

Christina slipped from his arms and grabbed his hand, pulling him off the dance floor and towards the back hall. Danny knew immediately where they were headed, and he could hardly believe this was where the night was headed. And yet it was, as Christina, taking a quick look to make sure the coast was clear, pulled him into the women's bathroom.

"You're sure about this?" Danny whispered, finally able to hear himself think with the club beat reduced to a more manageable decibel. Christina answered by pulling him back against her, hitting him several hungry kisses before pulling him into the handicap stall. Her lip ring gave their kisses a unique sensation, and he could only imagine what it would feel like running along his dick.

However, as Christina pulled away from him and hiked her dress up, giving him a look at her soaked panties, Danny realized it wasn't a blowjob that was in his future.

"Take off your pants," Christina ordered, and Danny complied immediately. He fumbled slightly before letting his pants and boxer drop, giving no fucks how dirty the floor might be. Christina smiled slightly before throwing herself back into his arms. Now, their bare skin touched as her thigh pressed into his erection, pinning it between them and making Danny moan. Christina leaned close and whispered, "You like that?"

"So fucking much," Danny breathed, gripping her phat ass as he ground himself against her.

"I think you'll like this better," Christina said, moving back enough to pull her dress fully over her head. Suddenly, he was hit with the sight of Christina's perky tits, and the small barbell piercings through her puffy nipples.

"You're not wrong."

"Heh, not these," Christina said, giving one of her nipples a tweak. She slowly turned, dropping her dress onto a hook on the wall as she did, and bent slightly at the waist. With a hand on the stall door, she pushed her thick, round ass towards Danny. "I meant this."

Danny nearly orgasmed then and there, the sight of Christina's glorious booty almost demanding his seed. He didn't know what exactly was about to go down, which hole he'd be in, but he was going to cum across that thick expanse.

But first, he was going to appreciate it. With a smirking Christina looking back at him, he reached forward and gave her cheek a squeeze, fingers digging into the soft flesh and shaking. It was insane, finally touching it, more booty than Sara or even Emily. He pulled her ass apart slightly, saw the string of her thong held within, covering her asshole and soaked by her pussy. Then, he gave it a spank, watching the flesh jiggle.

"You like it, right?" she asked, clearly already knowing the answer.

"I love it," He replied, stepping forward and placing his dick in the crack of her ass. He squeezed her cheeks around his erection, moaning at the pressure and feel. "So good."

"It's better inside," Christina said, grinding her ass against him. "Give this big ass the big dick it deserves, Danny."

"Is that what you want?" Danny asked, hopeful. "For me to fuck your ass?"

"God, of course that's what you want," Christina chuckled, biting her lip. "You and Sara both are just total butt sluts." Christina reached back and grabbed his dick, lining it up with her asshole through her panties for a moment. "I think you can make your way back there eventually." She then moved it down slightly, pressing it harder into the heat of her vagina. "But maybe fuck a girl proper first?"

"Gladly," Danny said, meaning it as he finally went for it. He slid his fingers under her waistband and pulled her panties out of her ass and down her legs. Already hard and knowing how wet she was, he pushed right into the soft folds of her pussy. One thrust, right to the hilt. Or, as much as he could, given the phat bubble that he collided with. "Shit, yeah!"

"Oh, lord," Christina moaned, pushed back into a straighter position as Danny's sudden pounding drove her into the stall door. She reached up and grabbed the top, stabilizing herself so she could keep at a good angle. Danny did his part by grabbing her hips, holding her close as he thrust into her again and again, causing the stall to shake from the pressure. "Mmm, right fuckin' to it, huh? You can, unf, take your time, Danny."

"I think we had the time on the dance floor," Danny grunted, staying focused on Christina's rippling ass. "All that grinding and groping and... I just wanted to finally fuck you."

"For weeks, right?" Christina asked, face pressed into the stall. "Just waiting to fuck your girlfriend's roommate? Her and her phat ass?"

Danny gave a hard thrust, lifting Christina slightly off of her feet before leaning close to her. Leaving her speared on his dick, he let his hands slide up her sides, moving to her hanging tits. He gripped the barbells in between his fingers, tugging slightly at her nipples, then whispered in her ear, "Fucking absolutely."

"Ohhh, you like that, baby?" Christina giggled a bit manically, Danny fucking a bit rougher now. "My ass bouncing on your cock everything you hoped?"

"So fucking good," Danny moaned, savoring the soft feel of her flesh in his hands and the vice of her pussy milking him. "So big and soft and fucking perfect."

"Mm, you're not bad either," Christina said, dropping her head as she began to bounce harder. She dropped one of her hands from the stall and reached between her leg to begin fingering her clit. "Such a, MMM, nice dick. God, thank you for sharing, Sara."

The mention of Sara's name urged Danny on, giving Christina's nipple a harder tweak as he fucked her. Christina, head still flat against the stall door, flashed her devious smile through the bouncing strands of her hair. "Yeah, what a freak your girl is. Fucking her roommate, taking it up the ass. I bet you enjoyed that, huh, taking that little slut of yours in the ass?"

"Yes," Danny whispered, pressure building between Christina's teasing and the simple fact of being in her astounding pussy. Their bodies fit together perfectly, and they were rutting like animals in heat. And it was all because of Sara, because he'd found a woman that wanted to give him every pleasure, even those she couldn't provide with just her body. So it was that he was plowing into the thicc wonder that was Christina.

"Did you really love fucking her ass, Danny?" Christina asked. "Because I know I loved helping get her ready for you. Teasing her open, helping with her plug." Christina ran her tongue along her lips. "Eating her out. Mm, if she were here, maybe we could toss that salad together."

"Yours and hers both!" Danny shouted, fully lost to Christina's dark ravings and the promise they held. His balls tightened as he reached the edge, but he held on for a moment. He slipped a hand up to her mouth, and she happily accepted his middle finger, sucking it hard and moaning around it. He quickly pulled it out of her mouth and, now glistening with her spit, slid it between her already split cheeks and plunged it two knuckles deep inside of her.

"Yes!" Christina shouted, trembling against the stall as she orgasmed. "Fucking own my ass! Worship it, you anal addict!"

"Happy... to make it... mine!" Danny shouted, punctuating each phrase with a decisive, forceful thrust. Feeling himself start to cum, he yanked out of both of her holes, leaving Christina to support herself with a desperate grip on the stall door as her legs nearly gave out. Shooting the first few shots inside of her, Danny quickly aimed himself at her ass, shooting thick bursts of semen across the wide slopes of her ass cheeks and up her lower back. He used his free hand to pull her cheeks apart, not caring if he came on his own hand if it meant coating her puckered, slightly spread asshole with his seed.

"Holy shit..." Danny muttered, world going dizzy as the blood rushed to his head. He stumbled back, dropping against the wall as he tried to recover. The sight of Christina's glistening ass kept him strong, though it wouldn't be the worst thing to see last if he was about to pass out. Fortunately, he regained his composure quickly, watching as Christina recovered herself. "I don't... don't know what came over me."

"I do," Christina said with her signature chuckle, running a finger across her ass and bringing it to her lips. "You're just like Sara. More of a twisted deviant than you think. And I'm glad to help you both discover just how kinky you are."

"That's exactly the kind of fun I can get behind," came a voice from the next stall over, causing us both to freeze. I looked over, recognizing the voice immediately but not quite believing it until the smiling, made-up face of Emily popped over the divider. "Can I join?"