 It was eleven o'clock at Dolce Ice Cream, half an hour before closing time, and my feet and hands were killing me. No, seriously, absolutely throbbing. I readjusted my official baseball hat and retied my ponytail. My hair was dark brown with red tones underneath; leftover from a few months back when I had impulsively dyed my hair bright scarlet, looked in the mirror, and then immediately regretted it. The new color either emphasized the lovely pale whiteness of my skin, or made me look like a secret albino. After losing my summer freckles, I was horribly afraid it was the latter. With a sigh, I shifted back to my other foot. My feet were dying.

"Just sit down for a bit, Sophie."

I turned. My boss was looking at me with concern and a little bit of laughter in his eyes. Well, I wasn't exactly clear on whether Jake was my boss or not. He was only a few years older than me, 27 at the most. He didn't own the store, but I'd never seen the owner in the four months I'd worked at Dolce, and Jake was practically always here, so it pretty much seemed like he ran the place. He'd told me once that he was only working here to pay the bills; he actually wanted to be a sound engineer, for movies and things. I didn't know much about it, but I figured it was probably similar to all my friends who were actually actors, but worked at Starbucks for the insurance. I stuck my tongue out at him and put on my worst Russian accent.

"Vhat do you think I am, veak? I am stronk! I am stronk like ox! See how I scoop the ice cream!" I grabbed the scraper and scraped down the cotton candy from the sides of the tub. My wrists whimpered in protest. Jake laughed, faking an accent of his own. 

"No Soph-sputin. I cannot qvestion your powver. The ice cream, it trembles before you." He paused, "But it's September and I don't think anyone else is coming in. We can close up a little early tonight." Jake reached out and took the scraper from me. As he drew closer, I could feel myself begin to blush. Oh boy. I'd been fighting a massive crush on Jake since I'd started working here. What can I say, the man was gorgeous. Curly, sandy brown hair, hazel eyes, over six feet tall, and although I'd never seen him shirtless, he moved like a man who was confident while naked. It didn't help that I hadn't gotten laid since my college boyfriend dumped me at graduation four months ago. I was getting embarrassed, so sarcasm defenses flared into action.

"Closing early? How dare you? There is an entire parade of whiny 8 year old children lining up to consume our product! We have a responsibility to the community, you know. If we don't feed children enough sugar to send them in to a hyperactive diabetic coma, who will?"

"A hyperactive coma?"

"...shut up! It was smart and sassy in my head!" OH GOD BLUSHING. Jake laughed and patted my ass. He did that a lot. Part of me always wondered if that meant all our sarcasm was actually flirtation. A bigger part of me thought it probably wasn't. And the rest of me wondered if suing him for sexual harassment would help pay off my student loans. Probably not. I turned and inspected said ass. I had to admit, it was very pat-able. A bitchy "friend" had once told me that I stored all my fat in my rear. In high school I'd been crazy-self conscious about it. In college I found out that it could get me laid. I looked up at Jake and he was looking at my butt, too. He saw me looking and grinned wolfishly. BLUSH BLUSH BLUSH CRAP. Quick! To the quip-mobile!

"Yes." I breathed, "Worship at my booty altar! You know I am your god!" Jake's hand was suddenly back on my jean covered ass, squeezing it lightly.

"It certainly is divine." He said, with a wink and a grin. I turned away quickly before I could explode from embarrassment or rip off my clothes and beg him to take me. "I'll bring the tables in from outside and roll down the security shutter. You put away all the toppings." Jake said. I turned to look at him, and Jake was still grinning, now almost diabolically. Oh man, I must be lobster red for him to look that pleased with himself. I grabbed the rainbow and chocolate sprinkles and headed towards the back room of the shop.

I could hear the squeals and scrapes of Jake dragging the tables and chairs indoors, and I took down the big topping tubs from the shelves next to the floor freezers. While I emptied the day's leftover sprinkles in to their tubs, I took quick stock of myself in the mirror above behind the nut ice creams freezer. Dark, reddish brown hair, a white Dolce baseball cap, pale skin, big brown eyes, a well-formed mouth, no boobs to speak of covered in a Doctor Who t-shirt and a white Dolce Ice Cream apron. Jeans containing the aforementioned godly behind. Comfy flats. People had told me that I was pretty. 

That was my look in a nutshell. Pretty. I didn't have whatever invisible thing made people sexy, and I didn't wear makeup except on special occasions, so I never quite made it to beautiful. I was just pretty. Approachable. Girl-next-door. Most of the time, when men got drunk around me, they didn't hit on me. They put their arm around my shoulders and slurred the stories of their bitch ex-girlfriend who broke their heart and thanked me for being so nice and listening, unlike her, that bitch. I guess that sums me up. I look nice. Nice and sweet. Like ice cream.

The rumble of the security shutter being pulled down jolted me out of my reverie. I turned and hurried back to the counter to collect the cookie crumbs, M&M's, and chocolate chips. Jake was bent over, fastening and locking the shutter, I got a nice view of his behind. It was at least worth a couple Hail Mary's and maybe a small temple. 

I headed back to the tubs on autopilot, feeling my self-esteem deflate with every step. Who was I kidding? Jake might flirt at work, when he was trapped with me for 6 hours every day, 7 on weekends. But he was beautiful. He was probably popular in high school, played guitar in a band and made all the cheerleaders sigh. Jake had charisma. He had charm. I'd been too busy dying my hair purple and writing poetry in high school to ever develop any charisma. Jake had curly hair and a little bit of scruff and the way his shirt fell (yes, I noticed) made it look like he might even have abs. I had an enormous butt and the skin of a cave-creature that hadn't seen the light of day for twelve generations. I finished emptying the rest of the toppings on autopilot, my thoughts centered on really thoroughly destroying any confidence I had built up in terms of my attractiveness. What can I say? I'm female. We all do it.

After storing the toppings, it was my job to wipe down everything in the front seating area with soap and water. Chairs, tables, display cases, freezers, everything. As Jake headed behind the counter to start taking the ice cream to the back room freezers, I was walking to the front of the counter with a soapy towel and a little bucket full of suds. The counter has a gap to let employees through, maybe a foot and a half wide. When we squeezed past each other, I felt Jake's hand on the small of my back, guiding me. I glanced up and our eyes met. Something happened. We both paused at the same time, just looking at each other. Only for a second, maybe two. It felt like time got thicker, like crackling energy passing between us. His hand felt warm and strong on my back. For just a moment, I thought how easy it would be to reach up and kiss him, and I wondered if he was thinking the same. Then it was over, and I moved past. I laughed shakily.

"Jeez, Jake." I said, "Crowd much? There are only two of us here, you'd think we'd have enough room."

Jake said nothing, just glanced towards the closed security shutters, and then at me, eyes flicking down and up again. Well, uh, wow, I thought, walking to the tables and beginning to wipe them down. I purposely avoided looking at Jake, but I could still here him prying the ice cream jugs loose from the display case and dumping them in to the floor freezers. I concentrated on cleaning. By the time I was done with the furniture, I heard Jake finish putting the ice cream away and take out the mop and water cart for the floors. I started wiping down the mirrors as he trundled the little cart to the back room and began to clean. I tried to get the image of him soaping me down in the tub out of my head. I just need to get through this, I thought. Then I can just go home, watch a crappy Syfy movie, fantasize with my shower a little about Jake, and go to sleep. 

As I was wiping down the cake floor freezer, bending over to get the front, I heard Jake roll around to the front of the store. He stopped just behind me and I waited to hear the sound of the mop on the floor.

Suddenly I felt it, his hands on my ass. Suddenly I realized how I was posed. Legs straight, bent forward to reach down. I started to straighten, until I felt one of his hands, stopping me, the other holding on to my waistband. He held me posed, so that my hands were on the hip height freezer and my ass jutted out towards him. I felt his hands return to my butt and I was speechless. I glanced towards the shop window and realized that with the security shutter down, no one could see us. It was him, and me, and no one could see what we did. As I was thinking these happy thoughts, Jake's hands inched upwards. I looked up at the mirrors on the wall and saw us reflected. I watched as one of Jake's hands disappeared under my shirt; felt him stroking my lower back, while the other hand untied my apron. Jake had already taken off his uniform. He must have left it in the back room. Though it was an undeniable treat to see him dressed in his soft t-shirt and jeans, I suddenly wanted to see him shirtless. I mean really, really wanted it. Pantsless, too, if I could manage it.

Jake's eyes met mine in the mirror, just as his hand reached my bra. He undid it with ease and I suddenly knew there was no turning back. He gently lifted my apron, shirt, and bra over my head, pulling my hands through so that it all fell to the floor in a heap. Jake's arm circled around my now bare stomach and he pulled me to him, his other hand stroking my thigh. I tried to turn to him, but he held me fast, facing the mirror. We looked at ourselves. Me, naked from the waist up, my small breasts bared to the world. Jake towering behind me, still clothed and holding me close. As we looked at each other, I could feel his member move in his pants, hardening and pressed against my back.

I reached back, aching to feel him, and his hands snaked out and grabbed mine. Slamming them back on the freezer he growled low in my ear,

"Don't move."

Holy crap. Suddenly Jake changed in my eyes. I realized that the closed shutters didn't just mean I could have my way with him; he could have his way with me. A rush of warmth flooded my already wet panties. Planting my hands at the edge of the freezer, his well-muscled arms on either side of me, Jake seemed incredibly powerful. He knew exactly what he wanted, and I wanted to give it to him. He pressed my hands down one more time, as though to emphasize that they were not to move, and then he resumed his exploration.

His strong hands roamed my body. Starting from my hands he moved them slowly up my arms. His hands was the only skin contact I felt. He continued to press his crotch against my outthrust butt, slowly grinding, but he himself remained upright, his eyes always fixed on me in the mirror. His hands reached my shoulders, and he suddenly released my hair from its ponytail. I was acutely aware of it brushing my shoulders and back, and stretched out my neck, hoping for a kiss, some attention, something. He felt it and instead his hands encircled my neck, sending a flash of fear through me and causing my nipples to tighten in excitement. His hands only paused for a moment, as though he had only wanted to remind me of his power, not to exercise it.

Now, with an incredible confidence, his hands slid down to my breasts. My breasts were small, only about a handful apiece, but I watched the mirror, almost groaning as he began to massage them. I bowed my head for a moment, wanting to see his hands for myself, and suddenly he yanked up my head, pointing me towards the mirror. I looked in the eyes of his reflection and he looked stern, and hungry. I was to look only at the mirror. He got to see our reflected image and me; I was confined only to the wall. I didn't really object. With my breasts exposed and nipples hardened into peaks, and with his powerful gaze, I could watch mirror-us forever.

His hands returned to my breasts, sliding down my shoulders before massaging and squeezing with a shocking skill. I'm not normally that in to breast play, but his gentle yet firm ministrations were reducing me to jelly. Next he got to work on my nipples. Rolling and squeezing, he treated them roughly until they were almost painfully hard. Suddenly he pinched them both while thrusting against me. My groin ground against the freezer in front of me. I couldn't help myself, and I moaned aloud. Jake grinned.

"You like that, don't you?" He said, almost mischievously. I nodded mutely, and he pinched my nipples again and thrust in to me again. I moaned again, louder. My pussy was soaking wet and grinding against the crotch of my jeans. They pressed against me every time he pushed my hips against the edge of the freezer. It was driving me crazy. I lifted my hands to try and push his down my pants, to my aching pussy, but he pulled back and slammed my hands back on the freezer.

"Bad, Sophie." He growled in my ear. His hand came down, spanking my still clothed ass. The jolt of pain seemed to travel straight to my panties. "I told you not to move."

"Please," I begged, "please, I want..." My mind was fogged. I could still feel his hard cock, bound inside his pants and pressed up against me.

"I know" Jake said, smiling as his hands traveled to my stomach, trailing a line of electricity down to the waistline of my jeans. He played delicately with my skin, almost tickling me but lighting a fire instead. I groaned in frustration and Jake let out a short laugh. "What do you want, Sophie?" He whispered in my ear, pulling my head back gently by my hair and thrusting out my breasts. "Tell me what you want."

"Please, please," I almost whimpered, "just touch me."

Undoing my jeans with one hand and keeping the other entwined in my hair, Jake's hand slid down until he felt my cotton panties. Bunching them up, he grabbed them and pulled up, pulling them tight between my pussy lips and rubbing against my clit. I gasped and nearly screamed, my hands tightening on the lid of the freezer. It would have taken just one more tug and I would have come then and there, but instead he released my panties and I felt his hand slide over my neatly trimmed mound. I desperately wanted to turn, to grab him, to rip off his clothes and pull him in to me, but instead I gripped the freezer tighter and stared at his eyes in the mirror. He must have read my feelings in my expression because he let out a short, triumphant laugh, and then his fingers plunged in to me.

Keeping my back arched with his right hand in my hair, Jake's left hand went to work. His thumb reached up and circled my clit, while his index and middle finger explored me. Pulsing in and out of my hole, he flexed and straightened his fingers, rubbing me from the inside, finger fucking me, and keeping up his slow but steady stimulation of my bud. The pressure built, quick and intense and it wasn't longs before I crested, heat and pleasure pulsing through me in waves, clamping down on his fingers, arching my back into his hand and letting out an uncontrollable cry of ecstasy. I could feel my juices flooding his hand and when I managed to look at Jake in the mirror, I could tell by his hungry expression and dark, desire filled eyes that he was far from done.

Withdrawing his fingers from my passage, Jake pressed them to my lips. Without a word I opened my mouth, letting his fingers inside and gently tasting myself on him.

"Suck them." Jake ordered, watching my reflection carefully. Gazing at his face in the mirror, I closed my lips around his fingers and began cleaning my juice from his fingers. An idea popped in to my head and I swirled my tongue around his fingers and sucked harder. Jake's eyes flickered closed for a moment and he thrust himself against me, pushing my now exposed pussy into the freezer. I moaned into his hand and his eyes sprang open. I could see it. He wanted it just as badly as I did. He saw my victorious and grin and his eyes narrowed.

In a sudden movement, Jake yanked my pants and panties off my butt, pulling them down to my ankles so quickly I had to grab at the freezer to steady myself. He gently guided my feet free, I stepped out of my flats at the same time. I was now totally nude, and Jake was still fully dressed, albeit sporting a massive boner. 

We considered ourselves in the mirror. My cheeks were flushed and red from my orgasm, my hair was mussed. My pussy was practically dripping. I looked back at Jake and, for the first time, he kissed me. Gently, pulling my face closer, and letting his tongue briefly tangle with mine. It lasted a second, maybe more. When he pulled back he looked at me almost gently. He gave me a peck on the nose and roughly whispered,

"You are so beautiful."

I felt it.

Abruptly, I wanted him, more than anything. My hand trailed under his shirt, up to his chest. Suddenly the gentleness disappeared from his manner. He stripped off his shirt in one fluid movement, and there he was. I finally got to see him. He was beautiful. Well muscled, a hint of a six pack, the remnants of a deep summer tan, and just a sprinkling of soft hair across his chest, trailing down to something I very much wanted to see. As my eyes travelled down, Jake's hands shot forward, pulling me against him and lifting me as though I weighed nothing. His lower hand urged me to wrap my legs around his waist and when I did so, our mouths met again.

Kissing passionately, this time more deeply and with more urgency, I barely noticed when Jake brought me around to the back of the counter, where we added mix-ins. He sat me on the cold marble and took a step back, gazing at me with an unreadable expression. Part of me wanted to cover myself in embarrassment but instead I looked back steadily. A switch seemed to flip inside him, and Jake seemed to shake himself out of his thoughts. He swiftly undid his belt and unzipped his pants. Almost immediately his cock sprang free.

I hadn't slept with that many men before, so I can't really tell you how Jake's measured up. I can say it was bigger and more beautiful than my ex's. By a lot. I somehow ripped my eyes away and saw Jake hiding a slight smug smile. You've gotta respect confidence. Then, in two steps, Jake was on me again. His hands slid down my ribs and sides, and his mouth was hot on mine. His left hand slid up my thigh again and his finger dipped briefly inside my still sopping pussy. Before I could protest that I didn't want his fingers anymore, I wanted his beautiful cock inside me, his finger slid out and with one swift plunge I had my wish.

I broke away from his kiss to let out a gasp and a moan of pure pleasure. He was in me up to the hilt, and I had an incredible feeling of fullness. I looked up and Jake's face was contorted in concentration. He groaned along with me as he slowly slid out of me, and I nearly screamed when he slammed back in. Twice more he eased out before slamming back in to me, and all I could think of was that I wanted more. I wanted more of him.

"Jake," I moaned, "God, Jake, you feel amazing." In response his hand slid to my clit, rubbing gently over it. I gasped and tightened around his cock. His breathing because ragged. I could sense he was holding on tightly. I wanted him to let go.
