 Warm breath on my neck. Rough hands on my body. A hard chest pressing against my back, muscular male legs entwine with mine. Hardening cock pressing against my ass.

I'm pulled awake by the exquisite feeling of someone - that is, someone male and someone very horny - caressing my tits and nibbling on my neck. I've always had a sensitive neck and this person - my husband - knows how to use it to his advantage. 

My breath quickens as the hand fondling my breasts slowly ventures south, over stomach and abdomen, until his fingers gently graze my shaved mound. I've only recently started experimenting with shaving my pussy and I do have to admit, it does add a little something. I can hear his groan of approval at his discovery of my slick folds. Right out of sleep and in the dead of night, my body knows his. It is always ready for his touch, sometimes practically begging. I moan in delight as he pulls my leg up and over his hip, allowing him better access to my pussy. I can feel just how wet I've become as my juices slowly drip down my folds, coating my ass cheeks and dampening the sheets. I don't care. I marvel at how wet he can make me with just a touch. Never mind what happens when he uses his talented tongue on me. That same tongue is lightly tracing the shell of my ear in between nips of his teeth on my earlobe. I like the sensation of teeth on my skin. It's not so much a pain thing as it is a sensation thing. Same with spanking - but I'm getting ahead of myself.

He continues to torment me with his mouth as his fingers graze my pussy lips. It's not enough contact and my hips arch to meet his hand. "Not so quick" he breaths in my ear. He proceeds to change position - pulling my leg from his hip to tuck it between his legs, trapping it, and me. In this position, my thighs are spread wide and I can feel the cool air on my cunt. The cool air doesn't matter because he immediately repositions his hand on my swollen pussy. Dipping one finger just inside my opening, he gathers moisture on the tip of his finger, slowly making his way up to my clit. With slow circles, I can feel my own juices lubricating my nub, making it easier for his fingers to glide over me. He repeats the process over and over again until I'm lost in sensation. I am aware of only him and his touch. My body is on fire and my breath catches in my chest. I can't hold the moans back any longer and release one of many from low in my throat.

"That's it, baby. Get that pussy nice and wet for me. I love hearing you as you're about to cum. Moan all you want, honey, because I'm about to make you scream." I can hear the promise in his voice. (It's true. I'm a screamer and I don't care who knows it. I believe in being vocal when you like something. I really like sex. Therefore, I'm really vocal during sex.)

I turn my head so my lips are even with his. As I whisper "Please", I can feel my lips brush his. I slowly reach out with my tongue to trace the edges of his lips. His tongue darts from between his lips as he crushes his mouth to mine. I love his taste. I love the way he traces my jaw with his hand, controlling the kiss, controlling me. 

He eases his mouth from mine to ask, "Please what? Please let you cum? Is that what you want? You must, your pussy is soaking my fingers." He sounds smug and he should. I masturbate and I can make myself come, but when he does it, it's like nothing else. I masturbate and come once, maybe twice depending on how horny I am, but when he makes me cum, there's no limit to my orgasms. 

"Please, I want to cum. I need to." I know I'm begging, but I don't care. I'm desperate, throbbing, aching. I almost whimper with relief as I feel a finger slide into my pussy at the same time a thumb flicks over my clit. A second finger joins the first as he deliberately grinds his hand into my mound. The friction is wonderful. My pussy is filled and I can feel the orgasm knotting my belly. My muscles start to tense as my breath comes in pants. My hips work to grind themselves against his hand. A hand delves into my hair and I'm driven closer to the edge when it fists in my hair, turning my face towards his.

"You wanna cum, baby? You need to cum? Go ahead. Cum all over my hand. I want to feel your pussy grip my fingers." His tone is demanding. His mouth claims mine as his fingers work in and out of my cunt. Faster and faster, harder and harder - my hips grind as his fingers manipulate my pussy. I have to break free from his kiss as the orgasm slams into me and steals my breath. He groans low and deep in his throat as his mouth attacks my neck. His fingers don't quit. He's not content until he wrings every drop of my orgasm out of me. 

I try to catch my breath. His fingers are just stroking now, bringing me down gently. I can feel the walls of my pussy still pulsing from the intensity. Closing my eyes, I try to gather my strength for my turn at tormenting him. Turnabout is fair play.

"Lay on your back. I wanna have some fun," I demand as I prop up on one shoulder, pushing at his chest with my hand.

"By all means" is his reply, a chuckle in his voice as he positions himself on his back. I take my time. Trailing my lips over his cheeks, his jaw, his ears, down his neck, all the while running my fingers up and down the inside of his thigh. My hair is loose and he likes the way it trails over his chest as I make my way to his cock. I time it so that one hand is reaching to cup his balls just as the other is holding his stiff cock still for my tongue. My moist, warm tongue traces the underside of his dick, both hands alternately squeezing and rubbing. Just as I'm about to take his cock all the way into my mouth, I feel one of his hands on the back of my head as the other parts my swollen pussy lips to lightly trace over my clit again. I love sucking cock. I like hands in my hair during sex - any part of sex. Again, it's a sensation thing - the pulling, tugging, etc. 

"Your mouth feels so good on my cock. Such a dirty girl. You're my dirty girl, aren't you?" he manages to groan as my mouth slides up and down his dick. My lips are tight around his shaft as I run my tongue around his swollen head. I nod as I groan, feeling his shaft harden even further inside my mouth. His breath hisses from between his lips as I gently tug on his balls, cupping them in my palm and rubbing my warm fingers over the sac. His breath jerks to a stop as I use my fingernails on the next pass. I grin as my mouth descends for another taste of his cock. His fingers are still working between my legs, bringing my pussy to a fever pitch again. I can feel myself about to cum, so I wrap my fingers around his shaft, jerking my hand up to meet my mouth as it glides down his penis. My hips start to grind against his hand and I can feel the hand in my hair tightening. He pushes me over the edge when he pushes my head down on his dick at the same time he grinds two fingers into my pussy, flicking my swollen clit with his thumb. My groan is muffled by the hard cock stuffing my mouth. It feels so good, the orgasm rolls through me, my body has a mind of its own as my hips work against his hand, my mouth sucking harder and faster on his cock. It almost becomes too much for him, but he has other plans. I give wonderful blowjobs, but he wants inside my pussy. And he knows my pussy needs his hard cock.

"Your mouth feels sensational, babe, but I want to fuck your pussy. You want me to fuck you too, don't you? You want to feel that hard cock pumping inside that hot, wet pussy of yours. Are you going to cum all over my cock? Makes me so hard how wet you get." The hand in my hair pulls my mouth from his cock. He wants an answer. 

All I can do is take a shaky breath and say "Please", the arousal evident in my voice. That's all he needs as he turns me so I'm on all fours in front of him. One hand reaches to fist in my hair again as the other guides his hard cock to my opening. He teases me by slowly running the head up and down my slit, grazing my clit, spreading my moisture. I can't help it and my hips press back into his. Neither of us can take anymore. His hand is firm in my hair as the other takes hold of my hip to pull me onto his cock. I've already cum twice, but the feeling of his dick inside me is enough to make me ready to cum again. I drop my shoulders and tilt my hips so that his cock can slide in and out of my ready cunt, so deep, he stretches me as I use my muscles to milk him. He keeps his thrusts slow and deep, the feel of my pussy on his cock making him want to cum. 

I look up and catch his reflection in the mirror by our bed, his face a mask of concentration. His jaw is taut, eyes closed. He regains his control and picks up the pace. I can see his body working against mine, along with the feel of his hard thighs against my butt and his hard cock pounding in and out of my pussy, and it's enough to send me over the edge. He can feel my orgasm starting, quickening his strokes. My eyes are still trained on the mirror when his suddenly open and his gaze catches mine. His brown eyes have turned to melted chocolate and the look in them is so intense that orgasm number four barrels through me before I can catch my breath. 

The hand on my hip starts tracing circles on my skin, his thrusts slowing almost to a halt as more of my juices run from my pussy and down my thighs. 

"Oh, you feel so good on my cock. Your pussy gets so wet for me. You love the way my cock fucks your pussy, don't you? Makes you scream with pleasure. I can make you cum whenever I want, can't I, baby?" His voice taunts me. He keeps his strokes slow and measured even as my hips start to press back into his. "Oh, baby. You wanna cum again? Still haven't had enough? I know what'll make it better."

The hand in my hair releases to join its mate on my hips. Strong fingers grip me and work my pussy on his cock. Deeper thrusts. Strokes quickening. His cock is so hard inside me and I can feel his balls swinging to hit my clit every time he thrusts his whole cock inside me. One hand starts to slap lightly on my ass. The quick *smack* of sensation is enough to make my pussy clench on his cock. He starts to pick up the pace, smacking my ass every few thrusts. 

"Ungh.....Smack my ass.....please.....smack my ass while you fuck me" is my demand, over and over. The one hand keeps smacking my ass while the other takes its place again in my hair. Using just his hips, he fucks me hard and fast. The one hand in my hair increases the tension as the other makes my ass blush with each smack.

I can feel my orgasm - and his - approaching, so I reach my hand underneath me and start using my fingers on my clit. In and out. Harder and deeper. His cock is so hard and deep inside me, I can feel it sliding against my fingers as they stroke my clit. I move to press the heel of my hand to my clit so my fingers can play with his balls.

"Oh, god, you're gonna make me cum" is all he can say as he pounds his hard cock into my pussy.

"Smack my ass and I'll cum with you" is all I manage to say as my muscles tense.

He's quick to respond - landing a firm smack on my ass just as his cock slams into my cunt, his balls jamming my fingers up against my clit. I can't hold back my scream of pleasure as the orgasm pulses through me. He can feel the walls of my pussy working on his already straining dick and my scream is enough to trigger his orgasm. He continues to pound me as his cum fills my cunt. His groan of completion joins my scream as his hips jerk, then still.

Our bodies fall to the bed in exhaustion. My pussy is still clenching. Sated for now. But, as he knows, always ready for cock. 

As sleep claims me, I feel my lips twitch with a smile. It's good to be loved. But it's great to be fucked. Especially on nights like tonight.