 I was in the cinema when he sat next to me. It is one of those cinemas where they have double seats, and he settled down with a bottle of water. He nodded at me, said a quick 'hi,' and then the film began. It was dark already so I hardly saw his face. I had come out for a night alone. My flatmates were busy with exams as it was the end of my first year at oxford University. I was studying politics and in the need for some mindless film adventure.

He smelled gorgeous. He smelled of sandalwood and maleness.

The film degenerated into fear and violence. Leonardo Di Caprio was being attacked by a bear. I screamed and covered my face. Then he had his arm found me.

"Sshh," he said. "It's okay."

I inhaled him for a moment. Then I sighed and slid my hand down to his groin.

"Er honey," he said in a quiet but amused voice, "have we met before?"

I left my hand where it was, His cock bulge was swelling.

"I don't think so," I said. "May I?"

On screen Leonardo di Caprio was still being mauled.

"It will take my mind off it," I said.

'Well feel free," he said, "how could I say no to a lady?"

I slipped into kneeling position and popped his cock out of his trousers.

He had about seven inches of lovely, straight penis there, with a dark cockhead, and no foreskin. His balls were decorated with fine curly hair and his cock was just perfect, slim and elegant. I wanted it. Now.

"Oh," I said, "you're gorgeous..."

And I started to eat him like a lollipop.

"Oh honey," he whispered, "that's very good..." and his cock swelled a little more.

I suckled on the cockhead for a while, playing with his balls, feeling them tightening, and then I went round the border of his glands and his shaft with my lips, in little pinching kisses. Down the front of his shaft I went, and onto the balls, which I caressed and sucked into my mouth as I stroked his shaft.

There was moaning on screen and under it I heard him say, 'honey, you're so good..."

I moaned softly to show him my pleasure. In truth I was hot in the pussy the moment we began. His man smell was turning me on and I could feel the throb in my ladyparts. I didn't want to cum, I just wanted to suck him forever.

The film wen on. I suckled on his shaft, taking it right down my throat, bobbing up and down on his laps as I greedily munched and gobbled on him. My hands were on his stomach his thighs, his balls, his buttocks, pulling him into me... he was beautiful.

Harder and harder I suckled, faster and slower and faster and slower, thrusting him at the back of my throat like a piston engine. I as hungry for his cum and I was loving the feel of his balls hitting my chin.

I loved that cock. It was about one and a half inches in diameter, and I realised it was perfect. It was the cock of my dreams.

I was ravenous for that wonderful shaft. I was all over him now, gobbling cockhead, shaft, balls, cockhead again. I could feel him shifting, but I was so worked up I was lost in the joy of the gorgeousness of his beautiful tool. So when he jerked suddenly and shot his cum into me I squeezed his balls involuntarily.

Oh God. As I swallowed and swallowed his beautiful, salty man-juice I realised that he was fucking my face with last a sighing thrust. Oh it was gorgeous.

I stayed on him, sucking and licking that beautiful cock until it was limp and quiet. And even then I was suckling it, I wanted it so much, sucking, licking...

Then to my shock the lights were coming up. Mike was up and had his cock put away before I could even get a proper look at him. Oh God. I watched his back as he left. He was with the people in the seat behind, he was leaving with them. A red haired girl and a blond man. Oh God, I wanted to go with them. Oh God, that was gorgeous.