 I had been with him for three years on and off and now it seems it's over. I can't believe it. One morning am laying in bed wrapped in his arms and the next am crying and watching him through wet eyelashes as he walk away. I was stunned. What do I do? How do I carry on? He meant everything to me and I thought things were going great. 

After several hours of tears and a tub of ice cream, I decided I was better off. After all, he was good looking, smart, funny, and an ok lover. Not to be mean but he was timid in bed. Never wanted to take risks, or try new positions. I still have the bruise on my cheek from his elbow hitting me from the surprise of having my finger in his asshole hole last week. In all fairness I should have given him warning, but I wanted to see how he would react. I guess I know now. hahahah

So after a month of depression and crying I picked myself up and decided to get laid. Seriously, I just wanted to get laid. Wanted to have my holes filled with the biggest cocks I could find and cum till there was no breath left in me. Ok that was intense, just thinking it has my cunt hard and wet. Dam I need to FUCK. 

It was about 9pm and I had to meet Misty and Angie at club 76. We lived in Ohio, so trust and believe our small town had little fun in the form of steaming flesh waiting to be ridden into the sunset. Oops there I go again getting carried away.

I walked in the club at 12pm and start my search for the girls. And not three feet into the club, I spotted him and lost all common sense. He was talk, about 6'1', muscular, wearing form fitting jeans and a casual button down shirt. But there was nothing casual about this chunk of flesh, nor about the two babes he was sandwiched in between and gyrating his way into the next year. 

I watched him for several minutes and my panties we soaking wet before I came to my senses. I went in search of the girls and tried not to give him another thought. For all that did. I ended up spending at hour at the bar trying to catch a glimpse of that sexy ass in those tight jeans, to no avail. Finally at my wits end, I decided to start my on fire on the dance floor. I downed the contents of my shot glass to build my courage and help propel me across the dance floor. 

As I stepped closer I could feel the music vibrate through the floor, into my feet and all the way up to my tingling breast. That was all the push I need as I made my way through the packed crowd. Bodies were packed tight together and there was barley any breathing room. As I found a spot in the crowd, my song came on and I started to sway to the music. Before long my short skirt was caught in my hands and I was grinding the guy behind me and any body my ass happened to make contact with. Then suddenly....

He was there surrounding me, commanding my attention as well as the females around me. He had his hard muscular chest pressed to my back, and he smelled of old spice. I had yet to see his face but I knew it was him. We dance two songs together and then faced each other. He was taller than I though, his skin the color of warm caramel and he was very WELL ENDOWED and he knew it. He smiled as my eyes widened at the feel of his hard ridge pressed into my belly. This was it I thought, I was going to cum right here and he wasn't even trying. Then all of a sudden the crowd crushed us closer together and it all happened too fast to contemplate. 

He whispered in my ear, " I saw you watching me". With that he turned me around and to my surprise his cock was no longer restrained in his jeans but lay warming the crest between my spine and buttocks. I gasped and he smile next to my ear. Ever so slowly his hand slid down my neck, over my eager breasts and wasted no time getting to my skirt. Before i could think he was touching and teasing everywhere. 

He rubbed my clit and dipped two fingers in to my core and I gasped, "ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh". 

The roar of the music concealed out frantic coupling and he continued to pound his fingers into me. "OOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHH FUCK YES....

I gripped his necked as he continued his exploration. Mehn he had nice long, meaty fingers. I could feel my tight cunt squeezing around them, trying to take more in. His fingers struggled to keep my thong to the side as he continued his caress. I could feel him getting harder behind me and feel the precum drip from his engorged tip on to my back. Seconds, minutes, days could have passed as I wished for release to come but prayed for his teasing fingers to never stop.

He picked up speed as my climax climbed, I gripped his arms arching my necking, egging him on. "deeper..DEEPER damit......ohhhh yea baby....ohhh just like that".

Then he slowed the tempo and I bit his ear begging him and pleading.."please don't stop...ohhh..unnnn..please..am CUMMMING."

He continued the frantic rhythm until I cam undone. I shuddered in him arms and people danced around us, oblivious to what just occurred. I turned to face him as my skirt dropped down and watched him taste my dirty cum juice. Then he tipped my head and whispered " taste what I can do to you" as he plunged his fingers deep into my mouth. I closed my eyes and reeled with the sensation of my own juices running down my throat. 

Then suddenly his fingers disappeared and with a whisper of cloth to skin, he was gone. I opened my eyes to an empty space and smiled, thinking.....where had Mr. skilled hands gone?