 Ch. 2: Saturday morning

Joan snuck out the front entrance when Neal was making his rounds. She walked to the corner, and then down the two blocks to the hotel where she was staying. Even though it was two am, it was a safe neighborhood, and she moved quickly, keeping her eyes open for danger. Darn it, she forgot the bar was closed. Oh well, thank goodness for mini bars. She went up to her room, came in, and went right for the mini bar fridge. She grabbed a 7up and a vodka, and mixed them in a glass. She went to the bathroom, stripped down and started the shower. She still felt tingly all over and still horny. She could still not believe that she had the nerve to go through with this. She was getting herself excited just trying to get clean, think about his rock hard body. She got out, dried off and put on her skimpy negligee. She took a picture with her cell phone and sent it to Neal, with a message "sweet dreams". She rested in bed with her drink and tried to think sleepy thoughts. It was at least an hour and two more drinks before she fell asleep.

Neal was driving home when he got the text from Joan. He opened it at a red light and his face lit up in a smile when he saw her body. He got home. He too jumped in the shower and got hard just from thinking about her body. It was going to be a long night. 

At 6am the alarm clock blared. He hit snooze, and grabbed another twenty minutes of sleep. Beep! Beep! Ugh! Thought Neal, and rolled out of bed. He wanted to get a work out in, and staying in bed was not exercise. Four hours of restless sleep did not make for a good start. He felt crazy getting up at 6am on Saturday morning. He went down to the gym in his building, and somehow made in through his usual morning workout routine. He went back upstairs, drank his protein shake with a light breakfast. After a quick rinse, he dressed in a dago, tshirt and shorts. He left for the hotel, grabbing the cell phone and key that Joan left him.

Meanwhile, Joan was still asleep. The three drinks she had were enough to get her to sleep, but not enough to cause a hangover. Neal got to the hotel, and took the elevator to the room and opened the door. He crept across the floor to the bed. She was half asleep. Neal took off his shoes, and lay down next to her on top of the sheet. 

He nuzzled her neck and whispered "good morning".

She mumbled. He began to caress her body through the sheet rubbing his big warm hands over her arms, following the shape of her hips down to her thighs, then back up over her belly, up to her breasts. He stopped here, pulled the sheet down and began to caress her small firm breasts. His large hands covered them, and began to tease her nipples while nibbling her neck, licking and sucking through her flimsy negligee. Joan began to moan and wiggle under the sheet, moving herself closer against him. Neal shifted a bit and pulled the sheet off. He lay back next to her, pulling her close against him, so her back was against his front. She felt his large cock straining against his shorts. She pushed against him, and in doing so her negligee was creeping up her thighs. Neal took full advantage of this, and continued caressing her, keeping the negligee over her pussy mound and cupping it with his hand. He was running his tongue on her shoulder and neck, caressing her nipples with his other hand. Joan could feel her pussy getting wet, and her heart was pounding with desire. 

Neal could feel her heart beating fast and her breathing was fast. He could feel her wetness through the negligee. This was such a huge turn on. No words had been spoken between them. The desire was building like a slow, sensuous symphony. He slipped down his shorts and off, and let his cock loose. 

He moved his bare cock against the soft, silky fabric of her negligee that barely covered her firm, round bottom. Joan moaned and her breath caught in her throat. His penis was moving up and down in the crack of her ass. Neal moved on top of her, and kissed her deeply. His entire body was leaning on her. She grabbed at his strong shoulders and returned the kiss, pressing her body up against him. Her legs seemed to have a mind of their own as they spread open. Neal could feel the moistness of her exposed bare pussy SO close to his cock. Neal stopped kissing Joan, and finally took off his dago, and her negligee. 

He began to work his way down her body with his tongue. He made slow circles with his tongue on her nipples. He paused to suck them, alternating between soft and almost a bite. Joan moaned and wriggled beneath him. She felt like she was going to orgasm just from the nipple play. Neal licked her belly, and worked his way in between her legs. He pulled her knees up to open her pussy. He could smell her musky arousal scent. Her outer labia were swollen and puffy with desire. He took her licked in between her labia, teasing her even more. 

Joan pleaded "Neal, please lick my pussy!"

Neal then plunged his tongue into her wet vagina. "Like that baby?" Neal whispered huskily.

"Yes! Please!" Joan begged.

Neal continued to lick her wet pussy. As much as he worked out, he knew the strongest muscle in your body was your tongue. He proved that by narrowing his tongue and plunging in and out of her hole, as she moaned in delight. Neal could tell she was very close to orgasm. He could feel the juice of her aroused pussy coating his tongue. Now was the time.

Neal thrust his hard cock into her wet and willing pussy. Unlike last nights' fairly quickness, Neal thrust in slowly, in and out, taking his time. He was rubbing her clit and he could feel her pussy throb and squeeze against his cock. She thrust with him and suddenly Neal felt her pussy explode and throb against him. She called out his name as she came on his cock. Neal slowed down a bit, and took advantage of her wetter pussy by sliding out of her. He rolled her over and pulled her up onto her hands and knees. He entered her again, this time with less restraint and more urgency. 

From this angle, Neal was able to feel even more of her pussy. He grabbed her hips as Joan was moaning. She matched his thrusts by pushing back against his cock. She could feel another orgasm building inside her. As she came again she called out his name. She dropped down to her elbows while Neal was still pumping her dripping pussy. He could not hold back much longer and with another few deep thrusts he felt his cock tremble inside of her while his cum was filling her pussy and he called out her name. He slowed down his thrusts, savoring the feel of his cock throbbing inside her pussy. He pulled out of her pussy, and he could see the cum starting to drip out of her. She lay back down, closely followed by Neal next to her. 

Joan rolled over and said " Good morning, Neal, what's for breakfast.?"