 This is an excerpt from a project I worked on for my fiancee.

Link and Rose are newlyweds making up for intimate time lost when Link was in prison. One such happily smutty moment happens on their flight to Hawaii.

***

Who's idea was it to go to Hawaii for their honeymoon? Link shifted uneasily in his seat while light snores sifted from other passengers. Near two in the morning and they had only chopped off two hours from their eight hour flight; restlessness was settling into his muscles.

"Sweetie," beside him, Rose whispered, glancing up from the book she had become immersed in since take-off, "Something wrong?" 

"I'm just getting bored."

"Then sleep?"

"Not tired. Someone wore me out early this morning and I slept until four this afternoon."

Link grinned as a light blush clipped Rose's cheeks, but she quickly turned away, glancing at the other passengers. His eyes followed her gaze, noting that almost everyone else was asleep, save for the few night owls who, like Rose, were immersed in a book.

Link's wife quietly placed her book back in her bag and stood, stretching before she sidled her way to the aisle. Link watched her, curiosity coaxing at his thoughts, "Where're you going?"

"You're wide awake. I exhaust you," Rose's eyes taunted Link in the dim glow of the overhead light, "Figure it out."

In silence, Link watched Rose saunter to the back of the plane, the dim lights highlighting her curves. Earlier, Link had questioned Rose about her uncharacteristic choice in wearing a skirt; now he understood why she just smiled at him when he asked. His hands fumbled with his belt, finally unbuckling the damn thing, and he stumbled after her, trying to be as quiet as possible. In the back of his mind, consequences toyed at his synapses, but his hormones bowled the thoughts over. 

Rose leaned in the doorway of the lavatory, eyebrows raised and a coy smile splayed over her lips. She stepped aside, giving Link just enough room to squeeze into the tiny area, before she closed and locked the door. 

A counter lined one wall while the toilet squatted in a corner. A little cabinet hung over the sink, obstructing the usability of the counter for some late-night fun. That didn't seem to stop Rose, though. She pressed up against Link, her palm massaging his half-hard dick through his pants. His lips found hers, tongues massaging against each other and teeth nipping at lips. Link groped harshly at her ass, enjoying the light gasp that Rose pressed against his lips. Her own hands undid his pants, letting the jeans fall to the floor. His boxers soon followed. Rose's palms worked against his hard cock, massaging and teasing the head, stroking the shaft, fingertips grazing his balls.

Link moaned against Rose's lips, hoping their lingering kiss would be enough to muffle the volume. His wife pulled back from the kiss, smiling up at him. One of her hands slid away from his cock and she pressed an index finger to her lips, silently shushing him as she lowered herself to the lidded toilet.

He swallowed heavily as her lips worked against the shaft of his erection. It throbbed against her lips, excitement clawing at his lower stomach. Link couldn't help himself. Both his hands found the back of Rose's head and, without warning, he held her in place and thrust himself deeply into her mouth. She whimpered around his dick as he savored the damp hotness of her mouth and as he enjoyed the feeling of pressing against the back of her throat. Link didn't waste much time in continuing his thrusting. 

Rose shivered under the force of his thrusts, her own hands grappling at his hips, nails digging into his skin. 

The heat in his guts simmered, though, and Link grunted in frustration. After all the previous hours of x-rated fun, Little Bastard was going to be difficult tonight. Grudgingly, Link withdrew his dick from Rose's mouth. A low demand growled from his lips as she threw him a questioning look, "Stand up." 

Rose obeyed, even turning around and leaning up against the wall behind the toilet. Link's hands slid up her thighs, hiking her skirt up. His fingers slid against the crotch of her underwear, a smile twitching at his lips - while his cock throbbed in excitement - as he noted how damp the fabric was.

In seconds, the underwear was down around Rose's ankles, and Link's hands enjoyed themselves with molesting her tush. A strangled whimper left Rose's lips, but Link ignored it. One hand migrated to Rose's front, fingertips brushing against her wet lips in search of the little bead of sensitivity. His other hand positioned his cock and, just as his fingertips brushed against Rose's clit, he slammed himself into her hot, tight pussy. 

Link smirked as Rose's whole body shuddered, another strangled whimper leaving her lips, while her nails clawed against the plastic wall she braced herself again. Her pussy clenched around his cock while her whole body shivered from her clit being teased by his fingertips.

Feeling, for the moment, gracious, Link slid his fingers away from Rose's sweet spot and simply held her hips tightly. His wife relaxed for a second, before he started to roughly ram his cock into her. The hot wet friction twisted at his guts and the pleasure mounted as Rose worked her body against his rhythm, driving him further into her. 

The way Rose was determined to bite back her whimpers and moans just sent the blaze in his stomach burning more hotly. From the mirror over the sink, he watched his wife pleasurably bite her lower lip. She pressed her mouth against the knuckles of her hand, trying to muffle the intoxicating sounds. 

Link dug his fingers into her hips, knowing there'd be faint bruises there by tomorrow, as he drove himself harder against her. The warmth in his lower abdomen was maddening and the heat in the small room was mounting. Rose tensed beneath him, her legs already trembling. She threw her head back, body arching, as her pussy clenched tightly around his dick. The shudder of pleasure that raced through Rose's body prompted his own to hurtle through him. 

Link barely bit back his own groan as his seed spilled into her. Her pussy still throbbed gently around his cock as he slowly slid out of her. Despite the heavy breathing that clawed at his lungs, Link grinned as Rose weakly leaned against the wall for support. 

"Weak-kneed, babe?" chuckled Link as he watched her legs shiver.

Rose threw him a glare over her shoulder as she pushed away from the wall, her body wobbling as she forced her legs to support her. Link smiled, hands at ready to catch her if she fumbled. Rose turned, grabbed him by the collar of his shirt, and grumbled against his neck, "Shut up and pick up my panties."

"You're not putting them back on?" Rose didn't say anything as she smoothed her skirt down and wriggled around him to the door. Link smiled and shook his head as he pulled his boxers and jeans back up. As he pocketed his wife's underwear, Link teased, "Well, I guess wearing wet panties isn't comfortable, hm?"

Rose snorted and threw Link an annoyed look, but a smile still twisted at her lips as she opened the lavatory door.