 It was on a whim that I wound up going into this nightclub on a Friday night. The place was a bit of a dive with a small dance floor, about five booths, and six barstools. That small dance floor was packed with a throng of black clad people moving in time with the music. I was intrigued. I'd heard industrial before, but not this good! I'd thought about going and asking the DJ, but the DJ booth was really crowded. 

"What can I get you?" the female bartender asked.

"A Scotch on the rocks," I say. "Hey, what's the policy on buying drinks for the DJ?"

The bartender sighed. "It's accepted. But she gets hit on a lot that way."

"The DJ's a woman?" I asked. "Cool. I was just going to ask her about what she's playing. What's her drink of choice?"

"Midori sour," she said with a smile. "You've never been here before, have you?"

"Nope."

"Didn't think so. Scotch on the rocks and a Midori sour coming up."

I enjoyed my drink as I listened to the music. Whoever this DJ was, she was good! She flowed seemlessly between industrial, New Wave, 80's stuff, even metal. She was all over the place, and the crowd was eating it up. After another half hour, her set ended and she got off the decks. She wasn't what I expected when I saw her.

She had long black hair that was pulled into a ponytail, and she was wearing a black t shirt, pants and combat boots. She was average height, but I could tell that she had larger than normal breasts. And she wasn't showing off! Other female DJ's I've seen usually wear revealing clothes. This lady didn't. To my surprise, she came right up to me.

"Thanks for the drink," she said. "I'm Michelle"

"Andy," I replied as I shook her hand. "I wanted to ask about what you were playing, but you kind of had a crowd! So I bought you the drink instead."

"And it was appreciated. What are you having?"

"I had my one drink," I said. "I want to be okay to drive home."

"Then I'll get you a soda," she winks. "I owe you! Besides, we can talk about my set. Which songs did you like?"

I wound up sitting and talking with Michelle for over an hour. Before I knew it, last call was announced. "I should probably get going," I said. "It was nice meeting you."

"You too," Michelle said. She gave me a thoughtful look and looked over her shoulder. "Could you wait here for a moment?" She ran off, got her cut of the door from the promoter, and came back to me. "Which way are you going?"

"West on Sheldon."

"What a coincidence. So am I. Give me a ride home?" With as pleasant a conversation as we'd been having, and how drop dead gorgeous she was, how could I say no?

As luck would have it, her apartment really was on my way home. I pulled up in front of a modest apartment building with trees lining the front. I was about to say my goodbyes when Michelle surprised me again. "Wait right here. I'll be right back!" What did that mean? She couldn't have been planning on coming home with me!

I glanced at myself in the rearview mirror. Messy brown hair, kind of narrow brown eyes, average height and kind of scrawny wasn't a chick magnet; especially for a woman as hot as Michelle. Maybe she was going to ask me to drop her at her boyfriend's place.

She quickly climbed back into the car and threw a duffle bag in the back seat. "Okay. Home, James!"

"Where am I dropping you?" I asked.

"Are you deaf? I said home. As in your place. Why else did I pack an overnight bag?" She saw the dear in headlights look I had. "Look, Andy, I never do this. Go home with a guy I met at the club, I mean. Most guys see a cute girl DJ and automatically want to get in my pants. You never came onto me, you talked to me like an intelligent human being, and you made eye contact."

I blushed a little. "I did check you out," I admitted.

"I know," she smiled. "And it was kind of a turn on seeing you steal looks at my tits. Or would you rather not sleep with me?"

I leaned in and kissed her. She wrapped her arms around me as my tongue invaded her mouth. I started getting hard when she came in with the overnight bag. Now my cock was in overdrive. "What does that tell you?" I asked as I pulled my lips from hers.

"That I'm in for a good night," she replied in a dreamy voice.

We were all over each other as soon as we were through my front door. Mouths joined, hands roaming, clothes being pulled off. My shirt hit the floor and she clamped her mouth onto my exposed nipple. "Fuck," I groaned as I reached up under her shirt to feel her breasts. Michelle released me to pull her shirt over her head, revealing, of all things, a pink bra.

"Why pink?" I asked.

"Why not?" she smirked. Michelle quickly shed her boots and pants, revealing Hello Kitty panties. "What, were you expecting black underwear?"

"Kind of." I kicked off my own shoes and pants. Michelle smirked at my boxer shorts.

"Spider-Man. Why am I not surprised?"

I smiled and slipped my hand in her panties, feeling the dampness matting her pubic hair. After reaching her clit, I gently pressed it and rubbed. Her knees almost buckled. "As good as this feels, we should do this in the bedroom."

I removed my hand from her pussy, licked her juices form my fingers, and took her hand. "This way."

As soon as we reached the bed, all bets and undergarments were off. I saw Michelle's breasts in all their glory; D cups with perky pink nipples. Between her legs was a nicely groomed triangular patch of dark hair. 

Michelle took immediate interest in my cock, and wasted no time in taking it in her mouth. "I love this curve," she said before engulfing me. Michelle was an artist. She sucked and stroked, then took me out and licked the length of the underside. When she came to the head she gently kissed it before running her tongue in circles around it.

"I'll cum if you keep that up," I warned. "Please baby, I want to taste you."

Michelle smiled at me and gave my cock one more kiss. "Okay, but I want more of this later."

"Deal." She took my place laying on the bed, and I started licking her nipples. Michelle grabbed my head and shuddered. She kept nudging me down towards her pussy. "Impatient, aren't we?"

"Just really horny," she said. "I haven't been laid in over a year."

"Really? I have a hard time believing that."

"I had opportunites, but they were all assholes who just wanted to bag the DJ." She carressed my cheek. "You want to have sex with me for me, not because I'm some kind of conquest."

Instead of saying anything, I slid down her body. When I got to her pussy I saw the moisture glistening on her slit, and the biggest clit I'd ever seen at the apex of her lips. "Beautiful," I growled before tasting her. I gave her slit a nice long lick from her opening to her amazing clit, and I gave her slick nub a gentle flick. Michelle's body jumped.

I dove in and attacked her clit with my questing tongue. I bathed it in licks before sucking it into my mouth. "Yes," Michelle moaned. "Oh yes, Andy. Do that more."

I held her clit between my lips and flicked it mercilessly with my tongue. Michelle jumped so hard that she pulled her pussy awau from my mouth. As soon as she was before me again, I slid a finger into her tunnel and sucked her clit back into my mouth. This time, I massaged it with my teeth. That was it. Michelle came and came hard. Her body shook and trembled; it was all I could do to keep my mouth on her clit.

Her orgasm surged through her like lightning, striking over and over again. When the shaking subsided, I looked up at her and smiled. "Was that good, Michelle?" She nodded emphatically. I climbed up onto her and kissed her gently.

"Very good," she sighed. "Thank you, Andy."

"Glad you liked it, baby. You want more?" 

She smiled and chuckled. "Only if you promise to fuck me with that wonderfully curved cock of yours."

I quickly got off the bed, got into my nightstand, and pulled out a square packet. I ripped it open and unrolled the latex it held over my cock as quickly as I could. "Ready?" I asked once the condom was in place.

"Very ready." Michelle spread her legs and invited me in. I climed on top of her and brought my cock to the entrance of her snatch. I rubbed it up and down her slit before easing the bulging head in. 

"Fuck you're tight," I grunted, feeling her walls envelop me.

"And you're nice and thick," she moaned. As soon as I was all the way in she gasped. "Oh God I love that curve......"

I kissed her, and she captured my tongue in her teeth, urging me to fuck her. "I need it," she said. "Fuck me please."

I moved slowly at first, but picked up the pace as I found a rhythm. MIchelle bucked her hips against me, urging me to go faster. "Yes," she grunted when I hit the pace she wanted. "Like that! Oh yeah just like that! Fuck you're hitting everything in there!"

I felt her pussy clamp down on my cock as I trhusted into her. This was the most intense sex I'd ever had in my life! This woman was like a wild animal, and I was surprised I could keep up. "I don't know how long I can keep this up," I warned.

"It's okay," she said. "I'm already close again. Just don't stop. Don't..... stooooooopppppp...." her orgasm hit her without warning, and the grip her pussy had on me became almost vice like. That was all I could take. My cock erupted like a volcano, sending hot surges of cum into the tip of condom and washing back down over my cock.

We were locked together in a mass of trembling flesh for what seemed like hours, yet passed too quickly. Michelle held me tightly to her as we came down. "Holy shit," she panted. "That was intense."

"Oh yeah," was all I could say. I was still trying to catch my breath. I propped myself up on my forearms and looked into her sky blue eyes. "Can we do that again later?"

"I plan on doing this to you all weekend, honey," she said with a devious smile. That weekend started three years ago, and it still hasn't ended.