 After his outburst, in an effort to appease him, Lars had been shown to a playroom a few doors down the hallway from Heath and Lila, where he was being treated to a complimentary blow-job courtesy of the club. Mindlessly clutching the pretty young red-headed sub tightly by the throat while forcing his cock down her throat, as his cock swelled inside her, he ground out between his teeth, "No one's going to keep me from having her. I will have that bitch, and I swear I'll kill the bastard who's trying to keep her from me." 

With her air cut off, the sub's arms began to wave frantically, face turning an ugly shade of red, the woman on her knees finally managed to get his attention before she was about to black out. Absently relaxing his grip on her throat Lars said distractedly, "Sorry, someone's made me angry." He patted her cheek, oblivious to her rubbing her tender looking neck. "But you're doing fine. Now just get me off, will you?" Catching her breath, she shook her head at him, before she grasped him in her hand again and dutifully complied, sucking him back into the heat of her mouth. 

Lars's climax took only a few minutes. Pulling his dick out of her mouth once he'd shot his load down her throat, he muttered, "That was good. But I'm still going to have that pretty little blonde pussy, and no one had better try and stop me." 

Once Heath had brought Lila to another mind-shattering orgasm in the playroom, that also had him nearly levitating off the table, with how unbelievably hard he'd come, he pressed a kiss to her lips, pulled out of her, and helped her to sit up. And as though they hadn't just been going to town on each other, he asked casually, "So, you're here for the whole week?" 

She nodded, breathlessly, not nearly as embarrassed now about him seeing her naked, especially after all they'd just shared. "Yes, I left my suitcase in the change room." She glanced around the dark strange looking room, filled with so many sex toys and curious devices. "But will I be sleeping in here?" 

He chuckled, glancing around, too. "No, this is just a play room. There are bedrooms upstairs for overnight stays. So, we'll be staying in one of those." 

She looked up at him, puzzled. "So, you'll be staying with me?" 

Gently brushing a few loose strands of hair from her eyes, he smiled. "Yeah, I'll be staying with you. I paid for a week with you, remember?" 

She nodded feeling oddly relieved to learn that she wouldn't have to be alone in this strange scary place and that he'd be staying with her – even if it was only because he'd paid for her. 

Heath tenderly slipped his arms around her and pulled her off the table, wrapping her legs around his waist, clutching her tight little bottom in his hands, he pressed a kiss to her lips while he held her. And as he did, he wondered if a week with such an incredibly addictive woman would even be enough. 

Once they'd put on the few clothes they'd discarded, he took her by the hand and led her out of the play room and back down the hall to the change room. Since she'd been told she wasn't allowed to put her street clothes back on until her week was up, she let Heath take her suitcase and lead her upstairs, wearing nothing but the robe and heels. His big hand clasping hers, gave her an odd sense of security no matter how uncertain she still felt about the week that was yet to come. 

Once he'd let them into their room with his pass card, Lila glanced around the room she'd be sleeping in for the next week. To her, the room they'd been given looked much like any upscale hotel room, with a neatly made king-sized bed centered against a stylish coffee colored wall with fresh, high quality beige, brown and white linens. The only difference being this one had chained handcuffs and a pair of collars hanging over each pillow from the deep brown leather headboard, and matching chained ankle cuffs hanging from the foot of the bed. She blinked as the implications ran through her mind. 

Clearly, this wasn't your average Holiday Inn. 

Then she noticed the mirror on the ceiling, and glanced around looking for a camera. "So, is there a camera in here, too? Will someone be watching us in bed?" 

Heath took a look around then, too, having already checked the room for bugs and cameras when he'd been assigned it earlier in the day. "No, not that I can tell, I think we can be ourselves in here." He nodded toward a doorway. "And the bathroom's through there if you need it." 

Lila noticed his tone had changed since they'd come in the room, and he was suddenly being so polite and acting so normal that she had to wonder what had happened. Then she saw him pull out his phone before he lifted a finger and mouthed, "Be right back." She nodded, confounded by this new side of him as he walked into the bathroom closing the door behind him with a firm click. 

Taking a seat on the bed, she noticed a room-service menu sitting on the night stand. Pushing down on the luxurious bed with both hands, bouncing her bum, feeling it barely give, deciding it was nice and firm, she got herself comfortable, leaning her back against the heavily padded headboard. Seems this place had everything – nice comfy beds, cuffs, collars, mirrors and even food. 

A few minutes later Heath returned, asking, "So, are you hungry?" 

When she told him she was, he nodded, hardly surprised. "After that work out, I'm starved," he confessed, leaning close he dropped a light playful kiss to the end of her nose. 

Snatching the menu off the little table, he turned on a light and took a seat beside her on the bed, making her suddenly very aware of him again, especially how big and well-built he was, kind of dwarfing her. "So, what do you feel like, Lila?" 

Except for the fact that she was not allowed to put on her clothes or leave for this place for a week – in order to keep up her end of the bargain. And the fact that she'd not only given this virtual stranger a pretty incredible blow job, before he'd gone down on her till he'd pretty much managed to curl both her hair and her toes, and then nearly fucked her unconscious – this seemed almost like a date. 

"Um, what do they have?" She asked, doing her best not to sound breathless as she pushed the kinky thoughts away. 

Heath held the menu open for her so they could both take a look. "Uh, looks like the usual – burgers, steaks, pasta, pizza, eggs, salad, sandwiches, and a few different desserts, too." 

"I'd be fine with just a burger." With a nod, he picked up the phone and called the kitchen. 

After he hung up, he reached for Lila's hand and covered it with his, looking over at her. "So you want to tell me what you're really doing here? Because there's no way I'd believe you if you try and tell me you just wanted a little taste of the wild side." 

She tried not to flinch, wondering how he knew. One of the things she'd been forced to promise when she'd agreed to this strange arrangement to pay off that idiot Blake's debt, was to keep her mouth shut about who she was and why was here. They'd told her they knew where her family lived and where she worked – as the Head Master's Assistant at Westwood Academy, an exclusive private school for boys – a job she enjoyed that she'd hate like hell to lose. And they had sworn if she dared to say a word to anyone, or tried to renege on her promise to pay back the loan with her body, that they'd make sure she'd be sorry for the rest of her life. Threatening to take out their revenge first on her mother and sister, before they went to the school where she worked, promising that everyone there would know exactly what she'd been up to on her summer holidays. 

Deciding it was safer just to do as she was told, she said with a slight shrug, "Like I said, I want to be here. I thought it might be fun, and maybe something different." 

Truth was, no one was holding a gun to her head, and if she chose to, she imagined she could walk right out the front door, get in a taxi and go home and no one would try and stop her. But if she did, she'd still owe the rest of the money. She nervously bit into her lip. And they had made all those terrible threats. So until this week was up, she had no choice, she had to be here. 

Thankfully the school was on summer break so at least she wouldn't be missed there. 

Once she'd decided she was really going to do this, so as not to arouse suspicion, she'd told her friends and family that she was vacationing for a week in Italy, which was a trip she'd actually planned, before stupid Blake had got her involved in all this. But thanks to her low-life ex, she'd had to give up those plans and use the money she'd saved for her holiday to pay back as much of the loan as she could, before they offered to let her take the rest out in trade. 

Before she'd given in and agreed to this crazy idea, though, she'd tried everything she could think of. But no bank would help her with a loan, especially once she discovered that Blake had also maxed out her credit cards before he split, after he'd also hawked anything she had of value – which didn't really leave her with much choice. There was no way she could go to her family for the rest of money, and nor would she want to, since she was the one who'd gotten tangled up in this mess with the idiot in the first place, so she had to be the one to get herself out. Besides, with her mother just getting by on her pension, and her sister and her husband struggling to make ends meets with two young sons, she could never have asked them to help her out. 

So, crazy as it was, being here in this strange place, seemed to be the only way out. And now here she was in a sex club, with gorgeous Heath. And she wasn't nearly as uncomfortable as she'd thought she'd be. Already Heath, her new temporary owner, Master, Dom or whatever the heck he was, seemed like a far more decent guy than Blake had ever been. 

Studying her for moment, Heath wondered why he didn't believe her when she'd said she was just here for kicks. As much as she'd gotten into it with him down in the playroom, he could tell she wasn't into the BDSM lifestyle any more than his eighty year old grandmother. But finally realizing he was dealing with an actual novice, he knew he should apologize. He reached for her hand, giving it a squeeze. "I'm sorry if I got a little rough on you down in the playroom. But with the cameras on us, I had to play the role, or they'd wonder what we were up to. And I couldn't just take you for a coffee and a chat once I'd won you. They'd expect me to enjoy my prize, probably even more than I did." 

Wow. She forced her mind to push away the thought of anything kinkier than what they'd already done as she turned to look at him and asked, "So, why are you here then?" 

Heath could tell her about his sister, who'd left home at eighteen and gotten involved with some rotten heartless bastard who'd got her hooked on drugs and then brought her here to be used and abused before she'd overdosed last year. But since he didn't know how far he could trust her, or even why someone as pretty, refined and put together as she appeared to be would be in a place like this, allowing herself to be bid on like some common street walker, or kinky sex addict, he decided he'd best hold off on the truth – especially while he was still checking out the club. 

So, with a careless shrug of his shoulders he told her some of the truth, but not all. "I've been coming here for the past eight months or so. I kind of get off on the whole Domination thing, and not many chicks I know are into that." At least that was his cover – and if he was going to be honest, he didn't exactly hate it. In a place like this, he could have anything he'd ever dreamed of – at least sexually, with every kind of sex he'd ever wanted or imagined readily available, and after all he was a guy – a guy who enjoyed sex. Although he knew he didn't have it in him to ever be a genuine Dom. 

Somehow Lila wasn't completely sold, but she had a feeling no matter why he was here, she'd still lucked out winding up with him instead of a freak like Lars. 

Heath reached for the remote on the night stand and clicked on the television, she suspected to let the matter drop, and then handed her the controller. "Why don't you check and see if there's anything you want to watch." 

Watching him out of the corner of her eye as she absently flipped through the channels, she wondered who exactly her bedmate would be for the rest of the week. Kind and considerate one minute, rude and crude the next, but still so amazing in bed, she had a feeling she'd somehow manage to enjoy her time with him no matter why either of them had found themselves in this strange place. 

Not really interested in watching anything, and wanting to clean up after their hot little session in the playroom, Lila set the remote down on the bed. "I think I'll get a quick shower before the food arrives." 

Watching her leave, Heath still couldn't believe how far he'd gone with her. He'd been investigating this place off and on for the last eight months, and had even taken out a membership in order to get inside. And since he and his last girlfriend Suzanne had split up over what she'd referred to as his unhealthy obsession with seeking revenge for his little sister's death, being single now, he'd partaken in most of what the club had to offer. Although he never really considered himself to be a true Dom, he'd slipped into the role pretty easily when he'd had to. With cameras trained on nearly room in the place, he knew he had to act the part, or he'd be the one they'd be looking into – especially with all the questions he'd been asking, and the way he'd been poking around. 

But even having seen her in nothing but a silk robe, Heath could tell that Lila had class, and he felt bad for degrading her the way he had. Many of the women he'd met here wanted to be treated like that, begged for it even. The more degradation heaped on them, the happier they were, even asking specifically for him whenever they came back to get their kicks. Lila though, had secrets he knew he had to uncover, the main one being why she was even here. And he knew one thing for sure – she was no sub. 

Just as she walked out of the bathroom, her hair wrapped in a towel and smelling like heaven, Heath was carrying their dinner tray that had just arrived over to a table in the corner of the room. "Burgers, fries and milkshakes, and chocolate cake for dessert," he said, pulling off the domed lids. 

As soon as Lila saw the heavily laden platters, she pulled a face, looking up at him. "Wow, that's a lot of food, and an awful lot of calories." 

Heath studied her for a second, his gazing roaming over the slender shape of her sexy little body. "Well, from what I can see, I'd say you don't have anything to worry about, not with the shape you're in." 

She laughed and said pointing at the tray, "Maybe because I don't normally eat stuff like that." He usually ate better than this, too. And liked to work out hard, but considering their thorough workout today, he figured they had a right to indulge. 

With a shrug, he pulled out a chair for her. "Well, we probably burned off quite a bit in the playroom." And when she went quiet he felt like a shit for reminding her about what they'd done together. 

Once they were both seated he said, "Look, I feel like I need to apologize for uh... I guess, degrading you the way I did. Telling you to get on your knees and then... letting you have it when I came. But you have to understand, real subs are into stuff like that. And the truth is the people in charge here actually do keep a constant eye on whatever's going on. And if they suspect we're here for any other reason than to enjoy the play rooms," he used quotations when he used the word play, "then we could find ourselves in a lot trouble. Word of warning, the people who run this place are not exactly saints." 

"I know, I understand," she said, and part of her did, since she suspected he wasn't really just some Dom out to control every woman he met. Spreading the linen napkin over her lap, she looked up at him as she picked up a french fry and took a bite. "So, what do you normally do when you're not here, Heath?" 

He thought for a moment, and couldn't see any harm in admitting what he did for a living. "I was a cop for a number of years and now I run a private investigation firm." 

It occurred to her that could be why she felt so safe with him. He had that air of authority about him and a sense of honor, too. Then she remembered how he'd taken her on the table and she had to force herself not to laugh, with how enthusiastically he'd gone down on her, and almost screwed her blue, when he'd definitely not been at his most honorable. 

Watching her eat, he saw the amusement in her eyes. "What's so funny?" 

She shook her head and said, "Nothing." No way could she repeat what she'd been thinking, but she knew she had to be blushing. 

With a shrug he let it go. "So, what do you do for a living, Lila?" 

"I work as an administrative assistant." Which was true, she just wasn't about to tell him where, since she didn't want anyone else to know where she worked. If word ever got out of her spending a week of her holidays in a sex club, she would definitely lose her job. No parent would want their child to attend such an exclusive academy if rumor spread that there might be some kind of deviant sex fiend working in the office. 

They ate the rest of their dinner in companionable silence, smiling into each other's eyes occasionally, until Lila pushed away from the table, leaving most of the sixteen ounce sirloin burger and pretty well all of the decadent chocolate cake untouched. Blowing out a breath, she wiped at her mouth with the napkin. "That was surprisingly good, especially for a place like this." 

Heath nodded, pushing away the rest of his tall cake slice, having nearly devoured the burger. "Yeah, this place isn't cheap, so I guess they go the extra mile in the kitchen, too." 

She lifted her curious gaze to his. "Then I'm guessing you must have paid a lot for me, especially for an entire week." 

He had. But it was worth every penny – especially to keep that twisted slime-ball Lars off her ass. He shrugged. "It was enough." 

"So why'd you do it? What made you want to bid on me?" 

He reached across the table and covered her hand in his. "Would you believe me if I said I don't even know?" And really he didn't, at least not exactly. Until her, he'd never been involved in an auction. The idea of it was too degrading, no matter if most of the participants were willing and happy to be there. Just the thought of participating in an auction reminded him of his sister, and her being helpless in here. 

But when he'd wandered in on it in progress and saw the way the lecherous pigs were eyeing her, before the bidding even started, and how they were shouting out all those crude remarks, asking about her tits and if she was a hooker, he saw red. And once he realized that Lars was interested, he knew he had to step in and save her from a fate worse than death – finding herself naked and at the mercy of a twisted fuck like him. 

Even a casual observer could tell she didn't belong in a place like this, much less up on an auction block. Remembering how innocent and sweet she'd looked in her white lace bra and panties, wide-eyed and trembling standing on that pedestal, with her pretty face surrounded with all that long blonde hair... He shifted in his chair. Shit, just thinking about her was getting him hard as a brick again. He shook his head, and had to admit, he probably was no better than the rest of them. And who was he trying to kid, she was hot, and the moment he saw her, he wanted her, and knew he had to have her, but at least he'd wanted to protect her, too. 
