 It was a hot Saturday, yet the modern apartment was pleasantly cool inside, owing to the comforts of technology. Tracy plopped down onto the cozy bed, looking around. Her new place was fantastic. It wasn't perfect, but she was very happy with it regardless.

There was a surprising amount of space, divided among a tiled bathroom, a kitchen-living room and, of course, a bedroom. The furniture was all fresh and of modern design, most of it of various shades of soft blue, contrasting with clean, white walls. The quality of...everything, really, looked so brand-new as if it had barely seen any use.

Tracy didn't know anything about the previous tenants, but during her time apartment-hunting the discovery of this particular one was like a gift from the heavens. There were a few gripes, of course, like its noticeable distance from her new job, but everything else was as perfect as she could reasonably hope for. Most importantly, it had a very fair, surprisingly low in fact, rent. The reasons why were unknown and of little concern, considering that most of various living spaces available for lease weren't something the 23 year old college graduate could afford. For now, anyway.

It was quiet and calm, the only sounds and disturbances coming from the hum of air conditioning. Sunlight illuminated everything brightly, passing without an issue through the glass walls at the side of the two main rooms. There wasn't a balcony past said walls, either.

Her expressive, brown eyes scanned the yet-unfamiliar walls. She wasn't feeling at home just yet...in fact, she was, understandably, feeling quite worried about her immediate future. She had just left her old life behind - her city, her college...her boyfriend. He couldn't really move with her and if she had to be honest with herself, she was kinda glad about it. She felt slightly bad about her breakup, but it was her life and she wouldn't spend it with somebody she didn't really feel a spark for.

And so, it was only natural to feel uncertain and worried, like a young fish swimming into the deeper waters for the first time. Especially so that she felt so alone, without friends, family or a man she could depend on anywhere around her. The cold, empty world around was so much easier to deal with when one wasn't without any supportive shoulder to assist her in staying afloat.

The cold, eerily silent dread forcibly dispersed as Tracy answered with hard, self-driven optimism. True, there were many fears to be felt, but all the unknown could just as well be exciting to explore and discover. And the lack of friends, or a man she really wouldn't mind looking at, was always alleviated in the same way - by smiling boldly and venturing out into the world.

The building was a tall one, as well as relatively thin. The architects clearly favored height over width. This resulted in two apartments adjacent to each other on each side of the building, making it four in total per floor. Those were connected via fire-proofed corridors to the primary hall with the elevator and emergency stairs.

It meant that Tracy would be sharing quite a while with a second apartment right next to hers. And she already knew it wasn't empty. Today being Saturday, she counted on her new neighbors to be home, her first step into meeting people she could trust and depend on. Well, hopefully - it wouldn't be as great if the neighbors turned out to be weirdos of better or worse variety.

The only large mirror in the house was the one in the bathroom, classically above the sink. Tracy strolled over to inspect herself, checking if she still looked presentable.

She smiled at her reflection. It wasn't bragging to say she was sexy. She was beautiful, gorgeous even, and she knew it. A small, cute, upturned nose, full, shapely lips with just the bit of a natural, inherent pout. Her eyes were large and expressive, her irises hazel. They also had somewhat of a perpetual 'bedroom' look to them, which for obvious reasons did the exact opposite of diminishing her charm.

Her hair was of medium length, brown color and it was quite lustrous. She usually had it in a comfortable, low ponytail, switching to a higher, tighter version during her workouts. She usually used only a light touch of makeup, sometimes just her deep red colored lipstick, sometimes nothing at all. It was all just icing on the fact that she was a real knock-out.

As mentioned, Tracy worked out. She wasn't some fitness freak, spending most of her time exercising, but she did plenty to stay fit, strong and healthy. And it showed, as each and every straight man could attest to. Her legs were full of supple muscle, her hips were wide and just the right amount of thick. Her butt was a bubble butt, and so tight that her muscles felt rock-hard to the touch were she to really squeeze her asscheeks. 

Her waist was nice and slim, with her abdominal muscles taut and, for a woman, ideally defined on her flat tummy. She even made sure to workout upper-torso strength, just for balance. And, despite all the exercise and healthy nutrition, she never lost the tiniest bit of her very prominent assets. Her breasts were large and perky, and she hadn't been with a man who didn't love telling her what an 'irresistible rack' she had.

Tracy always made sure to wear form-fitting, flattering clothes, without going overboard. Currently she had a rather low-cut, white tank top, that ended a fair bit above her midriff, leaving her cute belly button in plain view. It was rather exposing, but to her excuse, it was quite hot outside. Below, she wore snug yoga pants which were mostly white, save for a fancy, black-colored dragon design on her right leg.

'Okay, I look kinda slutty,' she thought to herself. On her way to the apartment she got plenty of stares, after all. She stretched and turned around a bit, admiring as much of her reflection as she could see in the mirror. 'Mmm, but I do look hot, don't I?"

Most of the bags in the apartment still laid unopened, their contents hidden inside. Tracy realized that if she would begin browsing for a slightly more casual and appropriate attire for a friendly neighborhood visit she would spend half a day unpacking and then another half deciding for the optimal outfit.

On the other hand, that meant there was still a lot of work to be done before workday on Monday. So, might as well just throw caution to the wind and get it over with.

Tracy stepped out the bathroom and put her daily sports shoes. She much preferred wearing them on her day-to-day, rather than some nightmarishly uncomfortable heels. There was also the option of going fully casual by wearing flip-flops, but that would be from one extreme to the other.

The corridor lighted up as motion sensors detected movement. Tracy didn't lock her door behind herself, out of convenience. Entrances to the two apartments were directly opposite of each other, and the smooth, dark wood of the doors looked elegant and tasteful.

She stepped over to her neighbors' doors, feeling slightly anxious. Like an uncomfortable, dry feeling itching at the back of her throat. It accompanied her short walk, and her ringing of the doorbell. She hoped it wouldn't be too jarring, desiring to make as polite impression as possible.

There was a rather pleasant noise heard through the door. Tracy relaxed with a sigh, mentally steeling herself. It was quiet, her feeling of anxiety and the sound of her heartbeat keeping her uncomfortable company.

The door opened suddenly, startling her. She didn't hear the footsteps.

"Hi!" she said reflexively, smiling widely.

It was a man who opened the door. And Tracy's eyes widened, her mouth parting just a bit more.

He was handsome. Real handsome. And tall, quite taller than her. He had short brown hair, with a slightly unkempt look to it. He had brown eyes, and a natural, friendly look, a just-right nose for his face and a pronounced, masculine jaw. His expression carried a roguish, pleasant smile and confident, charming gaze.

She felt her anxious feeling do a somersault, doubling in strength. It felt as if her slight discomfort solidified into a tight, black, rubber ball, tugging on her strongly beating heart like trying to pull it into her throat with a rope, turning her worry of just making a good first impression into a desire to be as womanly attractive as she could manage. 

It turned the slight discomfort at wearing rather exposing clothing, no longer necessary for the high temperature outside, into soft, calming gladness that her clothes were flattering and accentuating her charm and appeal as they clung tightly and comfortably to her soft, slightly tingling skin. It was freeing, enabling her to relax at least in that part of her, opening up to take in her feelings of desire and interest.

The realization she was in the presence of a very attractive man was instantaneous and powerful. She felt her eyes focus more, sharpening his features and pulling him into the center of her perception like a camera. The quietness around her deepening as she felt desire to hear him speak and for her to listen, intently. 

She looked down, comfortably guided by her feelings of interest and curiosity, offering no resistance and just letting herself do what her body wanted. She took in the sight of his clearly very fit, tight and muscular body, which was covered only by a snug, lime-colored T-shirt and loose, grey sweatpants. Her imagination worked hard and fast to provide her thirsty mind with the concept of how good his abs, and oh so many other things, must've looked underneath.

"Well, hello," he spoke deeply and warmly, with a hint of playfulness in his voice.

Her eyes jumped back up to meet his. In the split second of that motion, however, she had noticed that his own moved up as well...as if he was bringing them up from looking at something else. She felt a delectable, thrilling jolt of electricity-like sensation in her heart, wondering if he had just checked her out as well.

Tracy immediately pushed out her chest more, to welcome him into inspecting her mile-long cleavage to his heart's content. She felt no reason, not the subtlest hint to stop herself.

He finally met her eyes. They stood there, for a moment that felt far, far longer than it was. There were so many bad things in the world, but in that very second Tracy felt only like letting herself be a young, attractive woman, meeting an charming man for the first time.

"So, uh, can I help you?" he asked after a while, his voice level and calm.

Tracy blinked several times, realizing she was just standing there are staring at him. She quickly chastised herself for acting like a creep...hoping he didn't mind it too much.

"Umm, yeah, uh. Okay. My name is Tracy and I'm, uh, I just moved in," she explained chaotically, pointing to the door behind her with her thumb.

He looked up and his neutral expression soon changed into a look of understanding.

"Oh!" he said.

"And, uh, I thought about saying hello. You know, neighbors and all," she carried on explaining, trying to appear innocent.

"Right, yeah, obviously. I didn't even know somebody was moving in," he explained.

Tracy listened intently, her ears flushing with warmth. He had such a nice, deep voice...

"So, Tracy," he said friendly and smiled brilliantly. He extended his hand. "Pleasure to meet you, Tracy. I'm Mark."

"Oh, yeah, very nice to meet you too, Mark!" she answered excitedly. 

Tracy felt the skin of her hand tingle as he took her hand in his with a firm yet gentle grip. She immediately felt like she wouldn't mind the handshake dragging on for a little bit more than it was otherwise appropriate.

"Since we're gonna be neighbors...would you like to come in for a drink?" he asked politely, without a hint of any malevolence in his voice.

An image came into her mind unbidden, of the door closing behind her and him just...forcing himself on her with a kiss. She realized, with some alarm, that she probably wouldn't fight back as animatedly as she should. There was a barely noticeable lull of quietness. She shook her overly active imagination immediately - after all nothing like that has even happened. Still, the slight worry remained.

"Um, is that okay?" she asked, just a little bit reluctant.

"Yeah, sure. Come right in," he assured her. "My girlfriend won't mind."

Tracy's heart sank.

"I see. Well, okay," she said, trying not to sound too dejected.

He let her in and closed the door. She didn't pay much attention, too busy with internally digesting the situation she was in. She hoped that he would check out her ass, but it was a rapidly vanishing hope.

"Em, we have a guest," he announced casually. Slightly disinterested, even.

Tracy shook herself out of her reverie and looked around. She could always sulk later.

The apartment was very similar to hers, except for the furniture and colors. They were warmer, more lively than the white and blue combination of her own place. The atmosphere definitely felt more welcoming...especially with a man like that around.

'God damn it,' she thought to herself. She regretted getting ahead of herself, but...she just couldn't help herself. Her feelings of deep focus on the handsome man were quickly gone, turning sour with regret and dissatisfaction. She felt strange, as if exhausted from preparing for something that never came.

"Please, sit down. Would you like tea, coffee...what?" he asked her politely, warmly.

"Tea would be fine," she answered, sitting down on the orange-colored sofa in the corner of the room.

"Who is it?" a feminine voice asked, coming from the bedroom.

"New neighbor," Mark answered, setting up water in an electric kettle.

"Oh? That's...something."

Tracy thought how such a confident, charming man probably had a really stunning girlfriend. Especially if they were already living together...for god knows how long. Still, she was curious, so she observed the entrance to the bedroom, awaiting the emergence of the other woman.

Water was slowly heating up to boil as Mark prepared three cups. Then a woman stepped out of the bedroom. And Tracy was surprised even further.

"Hey, name's Emma. Mark's girlfriend," the woman said, approaching the sofa.

Tracy stood up, watching Emma intently, not expecting that she would be so...regular.

"Hello. I'm Tracy," she replied casually, looking the other woman up and down, scrutinizing her.

Tracy felt...no, she knew that she was better looking than Emma. Mark's apparent girlfriend didn't look nowhere close...she was rather flat, she wasn't as beautiful, and she looked out of shape. And yet it was her who was living with Mark.

'Unfair,' Tracy thought.

They shook hands casually, without much energy. Tracy noticed Emma wasn't scrutinizing her in turn. In fact, she was barely paying attention to the young, attractive, and flatteringly dressed woman. Emma turned and walked towards the table in the room.

"I don't want tea," she said, taking the third cup from the table and pouring herself some juice.

"Alright," Mark acknowledged, not turning around from the kettle.

'She didn't even give me a second glance, and I'm dressed like that,' Tracy thought. 'Lucky her...she must have some secret to be able to be confident like that.'

Soon the kettle shook as the water boiled. Mark poured the water in the cups. Emma was already sitting there, by the side of the table perpendicular to Mark, browsing her phone with obviously more interest than she had in conversing. Tracy walked up to the chair directly opposite of Emma's boyfriend.

"Made you green, thought you'd prefer it," he said, smiling at his approaching guest.

Tracy couldn't help but smile back. His smile was so pleasant, so warm...even though she had only just met him, she already found him so irresistible. As if he was a glowing beacon in the middle of a dark, confusing, cold sea. True, she felt quite deprived of confident, manly contact, which was why she exaggerated everything so much, but...it just felt good to let herself open and daydream like that. 

There was a silent lull in the conversation, with Mark standing and leaning against the chair, smiling and waiting for her to sit down first. Then a stray thought hit her.

"Why did you think so?" she asked, raising her eyebrows curiously.

"Oh, you know," he said, glancing downwards at her body. "You look like somebody appreciating health and fitness."

Her eyes widened and her heart skipped a beat. Her feelings of intense focus returned, feeling as if slowing down time itself for a split second, mixed together with naughty, guilty, explosive-like tingling in her abdomen. She thought chaotically, asking herself questions. Did he just check her out brazenly like that? Right in front of his girlfriend?

Tracy glanced sideways at Emma. She was far more interested in her phone, not appearing to have heard anything at all.

The young, attractive woman looked back at Mark. He was still smiling...but a little bit more roguishly now. There was a glint in his eyes - he must've noticed Tracy's change of expression. And she kept thinking...did he just...compliment her? Saying that she's healthy and fit...and probably meaning sexy as well?

She felt her pulse down in her abdomen, as exciting, pleasurable warmth began spreading deep in her stomach. It was a mixture of naughty, illicit excitement, full of knowledge they both were doing something inappropriate, something...forbidden, and a happy, almost joyful realization that he had definitely looked at her, and that he liked what he saw, letting her relax just a bit more, letting herself open, just a little bit, and letting her feminine, sexually tinted instincts take over and guide her.

Tracy bit her lower lip ostentatiously, her eyes glinting seductively. Her heart beat fast and audibly, tension filling her body with uncertainty of what's going to happen, and of how he was going to react.

"I'm glad you've noticed," she said, her voice just a little bit more sultry, her words just a tiny bit more purred than spoken.

For a split second, Mark's eyes widened and his lips thinned, turning his smile more...excited.

"Hard not to," he added, casually.

They didn't break eye contact for quite a while, just standing there, sharing an obvious, almost dumb-looking nonverbal moment.

"What's hard?" Emma asked, shaking them out of reverie. Her eyes remained glued to the phone, and her question sounded more reflexive than thought out.

"Oh, uhh..." Mark began instantly, sitting down without further delay. "Not...enjoying green tea. Because it's good."

His girlfriend scoffed audibly in disagreement. Tracy sat down as well, gently and gracefully. There was a short moment of silence.

"I take it you disagree?" Tracy asked Emma politely, trying to strike up a conversation.

"Duh. I prefer black. You know, the one that actually has taste," the phone-focused girlfriend answered matter-of-factly.

"Well, at least it's not bitter," Mark answered pointedly, before lifting up his cup and blowing some air into the hot, steaming liquid.

Tracy watched him, feeling pure attraction to the man sitting opposite of her. She felt emboldened by the vibes she felt - that he didn't appear that interested in his girlfriend, for whatever reason...and the fact that Emma seemed almost completely transfixed by her phone. Boldness that slowly ascended upwards from inside Tracy, like a hazy, druggy smoke that just spurred her on into a sort of a trance. The feeling that disregarded her awareness of right and wrong, of good...and illicit, whilst strongly...quite strongly reinforcing the fact that it felt so, so fun.

"I guess it's just you and I who appreciate the same things," Tracy said brazenly, her voice sultry even if she didn't want it to be so. She leaned forward a bit, shaking her captivating, heavy boobs ever so slightly, trying to draw Mark's attention towards her femininity and her short, tight tank top.
