 Chapter 3

Number 2: Liza

"Mind if I sit down?" I asked. The redhead looked up and me. She was short, her angles all rounded, with huge boobs and the smallest waist possible which could flair to such fabulous hips. There was no recognition in her green eyes. She did not respond so I sat down. The glance she gave me was vitriol mixed with indifference and I do not know which was worse. I set down my drink and said, "I have to admire a woman who has just been told she has to get out of her house in the morning. Brave move to go to the bar." I spoke off-handedly but with a chuckle just beyond the tone of my voice. 

Her eyes flared, an emerald light seemed to light them. She wore a pink dress right out of the sixties, like it was a castoff from Madmen but with a clashing red lipstick which created a visual dissonance with the fiery red of her hair. "How do you know about that?"

"I asked." I pointed with my glass at my guy Crowley sitting across the bar having a drink with three floozies. 

"Why did you ask? Who are you and why won't you leave me alone?" She took a pull on her Tom Collins. 

"The second answer first. You have a very fuckable body and I thought I would see if I could get you into bed tonight. Just the two us, for some mind blowing sex that will make you scream your name." 

"Get lossss . . . . my name? Why would I scream my own name unless I was having sex with myself?"

"Ah, you are listening. And we are neighbors. I bought the Strasbourg house. I moved in a couple weeks ago. First question. I saw his car over at your house this afternoon. I waited till his car left and I was coming over to introduce myself when you left. So I followed you and you apparently followed him." I pointed again. "Do you think he noticed?"

The redhead looked over at Kaiser Soze and then back at me. "I am sure he noticed." She shrugged which made her breast billow before her like an angry pink sea. "What the fuck. My name is Liza and no, not Minnelli. McCall, Elizabeth McCall." She put her head down and stared at her drink which was no more than half empty. One napkin so it was her first; she was not drunk. 

"You are not drunk. That's good." I said. 

"Why is that good?" Liza asked, sipping. 

"Because I do not like fucking drunk women. How old are you?"

She smiled. "If this passes for your charm offensive you have the last half right." She smirked and drank again. 

"Offensive, I get it. Listen, the guy has put the arm on Ted and Val Hanson, too; last week. I sort of got involved. Val thought you might be having the same sorts of problems, results, not causes I mean. I thought perhaps I could help you too." 

"Help me? How?"

"They lost control of their house and the sob's gave them 24 hours to get out. I got them enough cash to get out from under for a little while." 

"Cash? Why would you give them cash?"

"Ted sold Valerie to me. For sex." I said, drinking. That did get me a glance that became a look that turned into a stare. "I am serious. When I saw that guy at your house, I thought I would make you the same offer."

"Fuck you for sex? Fat chance. Do I look like a hooker to you?"

"You know what hookers are wearing this season, do you? Keep up on that sort of thing?" I did not want to be nasty but redheads . . . you had to watch them, like sharks if they smell blood you are history. I softened my tone. "Look, I am just coming out of a long term relationship but I do not want to do without sex. Nor do I want to buy it on the market. I want to have a lover, a woman to fuck when I want, to play with who is getting something out of it that is agreed to and known so she is not so busy angling to get what she does want she forgets to keep her legs open when it counts. Or closed, for that matter. I fucked Val last week on this arrangement and I need to have someone else I am fucking or it fucks up the deal with her husband. You know, the jealously thing. If I am fucking two women, he has less cause to be jealous."

"So you came to me? Divorced, alone, broke and you are looking to make time with me? What a shit!" 

"Yes, I came to you but because I think I can help and I genuinely want to do so. I am not looking to entrap you. I just want an arrangement that I can control with someone who has as much to benefit from the deal as I do."

"And as much to lose." Liza included. 

I nodded. "As much to lose. But I am not interested in having someone who does not want to be sexual with me. At the same time, I am not suggesting that you give me what I want and get the same thing. You need something different and I happen to have it. If you like fucking me, fine, we can work out an arrangement. If not, then no harm."

"But I will still be the woman you asked to fuck for money and you will be the man who asked me to fuck for money." 

I shook my head. "No. I am simply the man who suggested we open the books and agree on the accounting rather than try to force each other to sign off on someone else's balance sheets as an afterthought. Everybody fucks with something else in mind and they do not want to let on till after the sex begins to degrade. Then out comes the secondary considerations ostensibly to offset the reduction in the quality or quantity of sex, money, commitment, freedom, children . . . whatever. The fact is that the experienced sexual human today comes to anticipate those secondary demands and dreads them which in turn diminishes the quality of the sex and accelerates the destruction of the whole relationship. I like sex and would like to avoid doing without but it is complicated. The main trouble with anonymous sex is that it necessarily lacks affection, which is to say you should not take it personal the first few times. But once you get to know someone, if they still like you after hearing you fart in your sleep, that means something and I hate to lose that just because the sex gets crowded out by secondary considerations which we are only using to compensate for the reduced quality of sex. I think there is something wrong with augmenting sex with other things." I took a breath and felt abashed. I took a drink and I supposed I looked a bit embarrassed because I saw the barest hint of a smile on Liza's lips, the merest thaw in her demeanor. My cock stirred. 

"Look, I am sorry to be so presumptuous. I love your body and if you can kiss as good as you look, I think it would work for me." I took an exaggerated breath, inhaling deep and long. Liza watched me with squint-eye fascination, now comfortably past the initial irritation as the intrusion. "See? I am breathing in your pheromones and they affect me. I am aroused by your presence, by the white perfection of your skin. But I am not arrogant enough to think that my arousal is sufficient reason for you to sleep with me and certainly not in the midst of your current, personal crisis. So I am offering what you need which seems like a fair, transparent exchange. If you get what you need from me, so much the better, I would prefer that, even. But you do not seem to be interested so I'll move along." I shuffled my feet, took hold of my drink, picked up my napkin but did not stand.

Liza turned her head, casting her gaze in the direction of my guy laughing at his table. "You are too late anyway. Mr. Crowley or whatever his name has already offered to give me three more days if I would blow him. I told him to go fuck himself. So, unless you can get three thousand dollars for me by seven tomorrow morning, you are just too fucking late with your kind offer." Redheads and sarcasm, it seemed to fit. I did not want to make her angry to see if that cliché was truer than it seemed. The snarl she wrapped around her words was ward enough for me. If there had not be a distinct lift at one corner of her full, scarlet lips, I might have actually stood up and left. When her eyes came back to me from gazing over her shoulder at Crowley, they twinkled. 

I felt a stab of elation in my chest but only shook my head. "That is really fast. I gave all the immediate cash to Val and Ted to cover their situation. If you could get him to lay off you for three days, I might be able to help." I chuckled deep inside; my man Crowley was working his own angle. I would not interfere, perhaps we could help each other. He did work for me, after all. 

"Might? Might? You want me to go blow that guy on the off chance that you can find enough money to keep him from taking my house? Are you fucking nuts?"

I held up my hands. "Okay. Okay. I get your point." I stared right into her breasts and cleavage, never looking at her eyes. Some women get irritated when you stare and others begin to feel powerful and safe. Liza seemed to relax so long as I avoided her eyes. "I know I can get the money. I may take a bath on the bond liquidation but I can get it." 

"How much exactly?" 

"Three thousand by Monday, like you said. Twenty by late next week." I stopped, fearing I had said too much. 

"I need forty thousand to do this or it makes no difference." Liza said evenly, her eyes lids slitted her eyes. 

I scratched my chin and sat back. I wanted to laugh because the close on this deal was so easy. The money did not matter and she did not know that. I was negotiating for pussy and she was haggling over price so the difficult part was done. The good thing about people comfortable with selective repression is that you can pay them to fuck you and they will ignore the fact if you do not make a big deal about it. "That much could take longer. It would take you forever to work it off."

"Work it off? What do you mean?"

"I am taking sex for money, a trade. When you fuck, I have to value it a given amount to know how much to reduce your debt by. I guarantee you no woman is worth forty grand for a single fuck."

"I ain't trading sex for money." 

"And you are fucked if you don't do something, unless you like living in that little sports car you drive. What is it?" I happened to know it was leased and seriously in arrears. "At least I am not trying to make it seem like you are not fucking for money. You are too smart for that. But unless you have a rich gay uncle, I would say you are out of options." Her husband Jackson blew all her money at the ponies while she was having tea and crumpets. Now she was broke and had pissed everyone off whom she could hope to go to for help. She was not going to piss me off; if anyone got pissed it would be her and I do not mean drunk. "You have nothing to trade but that monkey between your legs. I am not trying to be crude but understatement seems silly at this point. Time is short and you are too smart to be talked into something so obvious. I am just saying." The irony of this statement did not escape me. There is something about irony that makes people proud but I am not sure why. Pride goeth before a fall, though so I kept my face sober, serious and rigorously straight. 

"It's a Viper." Liza looked over at me and then she smiled, a genuine, from the heart smile. "Ok, fine. You're right, no way I can live in the Viper and my credit cards are no good. Only way would be to go live with my shitty brother-in-law and he would be after me the moment I stepped in the door and Jean and I would fight over it. Then I'd have to fuck him for shelter, so it seems like I should take the long view and fuck you now for cash." She shrugged, making her breasts heave and settle. "Sorry I have been so nasty. I am sorry but this has been a shitty, shitty day and you are trying to cheer me up by making me into a hooker. What sort of rate are you talking about?" 

"Depends." I hesitated but she did not press for details. I was trying not to smile. I was offering to buy her body and she was apologizing to me. Ain't life grand? "Depends on what you are willing to do. There are some conditions and you have to sign a contract." An idea formed in my head at the moment, as I stared at her cleavage, hoping for a gap in the dress so I could see more. None was forthcoming. "The worst you'll get would be a hundred for a straight fuck. I think you could get more for other stuff."

"Other stuff? Like what?"

"Depends. I would look for stuff that you would like but in particular, I want to find the stuff that you have not tried yet that you might like. Then I make you try it, force you if it turns you on, seduce you otherwise, persuade you is I can. One of the conditions is for you to try everything once. After that we negotiate. If I really liked fucking your ass for example, and you held out against it, the price might go up until you could stand it." I think she muttered something about standing up is not the problem but I did not catch it. "But only until I found another woman who would take it up the ass. Make no mistake, you are going to be one of several women I purchase to satisfy my year of living dangerously." I stopped. "I understand Valerie likes it up the ass." I said as an aside, to punctuate the mercantile environment she was stepping into. I expected that would make her feel safer, perhaps more at home. 

Liza looked thoughtful, considering which made me happy. "Forty thousand?" She asked and I nodded. She stood up. "Watch my drink. I am going to go see if I can get us some time." She sashayed over to Mr. Crowley and after a couple minutes of discussion, he got up and when outside. Liza went to the bathroom. She swung by our table and dropped her panties into my lap. "He wants a blow job but won't let me take out his cock unless my cunt is bare. Hold onto these sweetie and watch my purse, that one over there, I mean. I'll be back."

Liza walked out the door and ten minutes later she returned to her seat, downing the shot of gin I had ordered and then drank half of the fresh Tom Collins sitting beside it. "That man was funky!" She said, flexing her tongue in and out of her mouth. "But what a cock! He was hung like a horse but came like a twelve year old boy!" She looked at me a laughed a bit. "I got us three days. Can you get me the three grand by Monday? I ain't touching you till I see some green. I am not taking a check! And no credit cards." She smirked but it was a friendly smirk, almost a joke between friends. She downed the last of the Tom Collins. "Well? Do I order another drink or what?"

I patted the air in front of me. "Give me a minute." I took out my cell and called Valerie but did not speak her name. I wanted it to be a surprise. "Hi, it's me. Josh. I am wondering if you are available for a little hanky panky tonight?" She agreed and I gave her instructions. I hung up the phone. "She'll be there in thirty minutes, so if you want a drink, you have to hurry." 

Liza was staring at me. "What the fuck? Aren't you going to fuck me or kiss me or whatever to see if I qualify for your social services?"

"You said no sucky fucky till you see the color of my money and I could only get five hundred from the cash machine tonight; otherwise, I am tapped out. So I thought you might enjoy watching me fuck someone else. I like being watched, particularly when there is some chance I might get a good fuck on credit or, as in this case, I know that I have a good chance to get your clothes off and your feet pinned to your ears eventually, if I am patient." 

"And liquid," Liza smirked. "Son, you do have a way with words. Get the check and give me my panties. I do not want to leave a wet spot on my seat." She slipped them on right there at the table while I took care of the check and then we left. We walked awkwardly through the parking lot towards her car. When we got there, she stopped and looked me and for the first time all evening I looked her in the eyes without ever breaking eye contact. She seemed to appreciate it. 

After a pause, she said, "this is me." She stopped beside a green Viper, it matched the color of her eyes. It was almost dark but what light there was glinted in her eyes. I put out a hand and touched her hip. She stepped into my arms and I kissed her lightly on the lips. I unzipped her dress and unhooked her bra while looking into her eyes. Liza did not blink.

Then I stepped back and pulled dress and bra down the front of her body, leaving her naked from the waist up. Her hands were tangled in the sleeves of the dress but I took firm hold of them and pinned them to her side, backing her up against her Viper. I then lowered my head and kissed each of her inverted nipples, little cones of dark color in the middle of huge aureoles. I then sucked on both and she gasped, leaning her back against the cool glass of her car. I released the second nipple and moved between her huge breasts and took hold of her with my lips, sucking violently. I marked her. She pressed against me and I released her hands. They came to my head and were starting to direct me to the other breast so I backed away. 

Liza stood there, sagging against the car, her huge breasts bare and brilliantly white in the gloom. "You know where my house it right? Follow me there and park in my garage. It is empty except for my car." I took another step back as she lifted her hands toward me, a movement which turned into a covering gesture as she pulled her dress back into the place. I turned my back on her, went to my car and drove home. My property was on the corner and had one of the larger lots. It had a modest drive with tall brick walls next to the sidewalk and three gates, two for cars at each end of the circle drive and one at the edge of the property which was just a small gate for people. I drove up the drive which branched to the right from the circle to the garage and saw the headlights follow me in. The door opened and we both drove in and parked. I immediately closed the doors. 

She met me at the steps into the house and she wanted attention. I ignored the subtle demand in her posture. I took her by the hand and lead her into the house, all the way back to the master bedroom. There was a walk-in closet that opened right beside the bed. I opened the door. "When she arrives, you wait in there, in the dark. If you stay back, she will never see you. You can listen and watch and smell everything that goes on. Be quiet and stay there. I am going to spend some time on her. I want her to enjoy it." I turned her around and zipped up the dress. 

"Why? So I won't be tempted to back out?"

"No, so she will come back. These are not contracts designed to be enforced. They are designed to avoid confusion. I want you to have something to think about before you sign yours. I'll get you a drink." I quickly made a Tom Collins and was taking it up to her when the chimes sounded. Liza was sitting on the bed with her panties in her hands. "It is okay if I do myself while you are getting yours, right?" She said, twirling them on one finger. 

I laughed quietly. "Just keep out of sight. She is here and for god's sake, be silent." 

I left the bedroom, closing the door and walked to the front door, forcing myself to walk slowly. I gave Valerie credit, she did not ring twice. When I opened the door I understood why. Ted was with her.

"Good evening, Hansons." I said softly. "So nice to see you both." 

"I told her." Ted opened with that, stepping into the house behind Valerie. Val kept stroking her hair. She wore the same white dress I had fucked her in the day before. I hoped it was clean. "I told her everything." 

"We want the money before we do anything else." Val said. I heard a quaver in her voice. "You had your kiss and your fuck. We just want to be sure that you are going to do what you said. That is a lot of money." 

I shrugged and walked into the kitchen. It had a small desk where I was accumulating my documentation. I took out their contracts and lay them on the cabinet alongside the seventeen thousand in cash I had allotted to them. "If you both will just sign the contracts . . . ." They looked at each other and then signed without reading them. "Just so we are clear, Ted, you no longer have unencumbered rights to Val. She is mine. If you become sexual with her without permission, there is a flat rate penalty of ten thousand dollars cash payable immediately. If you wish to add it to the debt, you will be charged a simple twenty thousand. If you want her, call me and I will give you the going rate. Go behind my back once and it doubles, again, it doubles again. Get the picture?" Ted nodded, not really listening. His eyes were on the stack of hundred dollar bills in my hand. 
