 It was hard to miss Becky's signals. Big ones like popping over while house sitting while my girlfriend was out of town, then getting naked and changing clothes in front of me. Smaller ones, like asking about my sex life with her best friend. It was hard to ignore. Becky was stacked with perfect tits, and more curves than a mountain road. Becky had perfect skin, green eyes, red hair and was awash with freckles. Her appearance and lack of modest clothing made it almost impossible to ignore her advances. Penny, my girlfriend laughed it all off. She called it misplaced jealousy, and that she would never act on it. Little did I know things would change. 

My girlfriend, Penny, often left me drooling. Tall and lithe, she had a nubile body, her skin perfectly tanned and her hair, cliche-surfer-girl blonde. Penny looked and dressed like a surfer girl in bikini tops, but was studying coding and really did not fit the stereotype. Penny had huge, eyes that seemed to just draw you in, and were irresistible, especially when looking up to you, and begging for cock.

Being in our early twenties both of us lived at Penny's parents' huge house, instead of renting. Becky spent ages with us. Sometimes I subtly suggested we wanted time alone. It was blatant when Penny asked Becky to go home. 

Little did we know her hijacking our time and space was to escape her home. Becky's dad had gotten violent, beating and abusing all his family. Becky came to us for refuge. 

Even though the house was huge, strangely the number of bedrooms it had was minimal. Due to Becky's home situation, Penny offered our bedroom as a refuge. Becky loved it and took time to flash me every chance she had. Penny was well aware of the flashing and encouraged it. She explained that the situation with Becky was dire and any enjoyment we could provide her should immediately be accepted. So I gave in and started to enjoy the show. Becky had some massive tits and knew how best to put them in the eye. I saw more of Becky some days than I saw of Penny. Then Penny started to join in.

I could tell both Becky and my girlfriend Penny were hugely getting off to this. Often both girls panties were wet when I got flashed. Then one day, it was no panties. A few days later it was shaved pussies. It was like a game of one upmanship with my cock being the decider. Becky shocked me one day when she bent over and flashed a jeweled butt plug, reacting to my open mouth shock with a giggle, wink and a shake of her ample ass. Penny, not to be outdone, took my phone and added an app. I could now excite her with a bluetooth vibrating butt plug.

My cock was an innocent victim in all of this, and I was unable to lose my erection for very long. I showered with Penny, and rode her to destruction most nights. Remaining flaccid, however, would be in vain because, when I arrived back in the room, Becky would be topless and wrestling with Penny on the single-width bed, or would flash me her ass with two fingers deep into her asshole. The next thing I knew, I was hard and leaking pre-cum. Off to the loo and have a wank. Come back to the room, get an innocent look and flash from Penny. Then Becky did her best pornstar face and pinched her nipples. It was all a prick tease, basically sending me back to where I was.

It seriously cramped my style. My cock ached, and I beat off like four to five times a day before railing Penny in the shower every evening. Penny and I were just starting to explore our kinks before Becky moved in and I was desperate to try some more. Now with Becky here, I was lucky if I got to rail Penny in the shower. 

Becky was a sweet girl who did not deserve the treatment she was receiving at home. In our more adult moments, where Becky kept her top down and shorts up, her and I spoke. I was studying counselling and was keen to assist her with the tools I was learning. Becky admitted to me that her time with us was like being born into a new family. The three of us moved Becky's possessions into our cramped room. Becky repaid our kindness with gifts and taking us out for dinner and shows. We often walked along hand-in-hand me in the middle. We spent hours just being with one another.

Penny and I slept on the floor, allowing Becky to have to have the bed. One night, Penny, knowing that I was perpetually horny, was giving me a handjob in the dark. I was hand over mouth, about to shoot my load. Becky moved in the bed. Penny froze and I got my first ruined orgasm. I moaned into Penny's pillow.

"Shit, sorry, Tom!" Penny said, louder than she should. I merely grunted, perhaps discovering a future kink.

"You guys ok?" Becky said, turning on the light. 

Becky, I knew, slept nude but hid under the covers, now she was exposed. As my eyes adjusted, I saw huge freckled-covered tits. Her eyes went wide as she saw my erect, cum-covered cock supported by Penny's hand. Penny drew back her hand and licked a glob of my semen off the back. Penny giggled. I Iooked from topless Penny to Becky completely nude. Thankfully my cock rose to the occasion and remained really hard, albeit oozing my misfired load.

"Becky, Tom and I haven't had a good fuck since you moved in," began Penny, her tone initially stern but becoming softer as she explained. "We were starting to try lots of new fun things," Penny said as she reached forward to pick up some cum with her thumb and forefinger. Eating it, she continued. "We tried anal. I liked that," Becky coughed at Penny's statement and sat down next to me a curious musk washing over me. "Creampies, double pen and even some piss play," Becky was hypnotised by Penny's statements and she kept staring at my rigid, cum-covered, cock. "So, Becky, wanna join in? I think a fuck may do you good ,and, well, a threesome is on the list."

Becky was quiet for a minute. Then with a shaking hand, but quickly building confidence, reached forward, plucked a glob of my cum and put it in her mouth. Becky smiled in satisfaction and contemplation. 

"How about this? I love you guys so much. Let's make this entire relationship a threesome," Becky finished with a grin. "Penny you are first girl or first wife, like in the polygamy shows." 

Nodding rapidly, Penny spoke.

"Becky, I like that! My only rules are no other partners. We can have sex together at or separately and we are all on birth control." Penny sat up and shook Becky's hand, "deal?"

"Deal," Becky said quickly with a laugh. "Let's get a queen-sized bed as well." 

"Ladies?" I said, sitting up on my elbows. "What about my opinion? I think we need a king-sized bed...if it'll fit."

Penny put her hand on the base of my cock. She nodded at Becky, who put her hand on the weeping head, slick with my juices and inflated by my arousal at their suggestions. Both started to wank, one down. The other up.

I moaned. Penny gave a laugh. "Exactly."

Becky let go of my cock and leaned in to and traded tongues with me, as Penny laid down and whispered into my ear.

"Grope her tits. I know you want to."

My hands cupped, then squished, Becky's huge tits. The weight and immensity made my cock swell. 

"He loves your tits, Becky," Penny said with a laugh. "His cock just grew like ten times." She paused as she let go of my cock and wiped the weeping eye with an index finger, placed it in her mouth and, with a wet suck and a pop, she tasted my precum. "Fuck he is leaking some epic goo!" Penny moved down and inhaled my penis.

I suddenly jerked out of the tongue lashing Becky was delivering. Penny throated my cock in an ecstasy of fellatio. Becky took my sudden departure from kissing to mean I wanted to be smothered in tits, which she swiftly obliged. Her huge tits, bigger than my head, smelled like sex and tasted amazing. Nibbling on her nipples made her respond with joyful squeaks. Her ass, which my hands had found, was round, firm, and had a canyon-sized crack my cock yearned for.

Penny, with a wet pop, stopped sucking my cock, and placed her hands on either side of Becky's huge ass.

"Darling, I am going to bury my face in your crack and clean you from cunt to asshole. But first you are going to ride a cock and let it blow its load so I have something to eat!" Penny moved Becky over and with one hand on my cock and kissing her big round ass cheeks she lowered her friend's pussy onto my cock. 

I was dumbstruck at Penny's filthy language. Becky was tight, but sloppy. Her pussy took my cock slowly and with a long, very audible, wet pussy-fart. 

"See, even your pussy loves this!" Penny's husky voice betrayed a slight waver. She was so turned on, she was shaking. 

Soon the girls developed a rhythm. Penny as well. Becky would furiously pound away, then pause as Penny licked my cock or spit on her hand and rubbed it all over our sexes. She showed particular interest in Becky's asshole. Becky squirmed in pleasure, moaning when her rectum was played with. 

I sucked tits, bit nipples and tried not to cum as Penny pulled me out of Becky's farting cunt to taste her co-girlfriend's juices. Soon I exploded, and cum I did, thick ropes just as Penny got two fingers wiggling into Becky's tight asshole and stroked my dick through Becky's thin vaginal-wall. 

Becky rolled off as Penny spread her thick wet thighs and proceeded to lick out Becky's cum-soiled pussy, all the while finger banging her tight asshole.

I lay grinning, listening to the squelching and moaning from both girls. My dick, coated in spit, cum, and Becky's grool, came to attention. I got an idea.

"Can I, as your new boyfriend, offer you a meal?" My cock bobbed in front of Becky's pleasure-gripped face. I delighted to see her eyes going wide as she watched my cock bounce around inches from her freckle-covered face. I guided my now hard cock into her mouth. Becky sucked my cock, then used her tongue to clean my shaft, then my balls. I moaned ands drew my breath in as she moved to my perineum. I was gasping as her fingers and tongue found my asshole, while her other hand wanked me.

"Becky, are you eating our boyfriend's ass out?" Penny now had most of a fist in Becky's cunt. I moved off Becky's face, my ass wet and clean, I was hornier than ever. Both girls stood and bent over the bed with their high in the air.

"Pick a hole, Tom," Becky shocked me as she said this and pulled apart her lovely, thick ass checks and exposed her sweet cunt and spit-polished anal crater. It was slightly agape, glistening from Penny's attention, and begging for cock.

The head of my penisspread my slippery cum throughout Becky's ass-crack canyon, and her gaping rectum. My circumcised head found the already opened bowels. I gently pushed my throbbing cock into her tight donut ring, pushed slightly harder when I met resistance. Both Becky and I moaned when I passed through the initial tightness and into her hot bowels. I slowly moved back and forth generating sounds of pleasure from Becky. Penny, resting her head on her friend's ass, drooled copious quantities of spit onto my cock and her co-girlfriend's asshole. Penny tapped me on the chest and made eye contact.

"I want to taste her ass before you come and after you blow, baby. I want it deep in her ass so I can clean her up again." Penny's lust was audible with these commands. 

I realised the level of my girlfriend's bisexuality and depravity. I grinned, slowly removing my cock from Becky's gaping, spit-smeared asshole with a pop. Penny, like a rabid beast, grabbed my cock and engulfed the head. My knees buckled as she devoured my penis. Pulling it out of her mouth, she licked from balls to tip several times, then smacking her she smiled.

"Yummy!" Penny said. She then started to paste my cock with spit, leaving ropes of it oozing from her mouth to my cock. Penny then helped line it up with Becky's gaping and almost exhausted asshole. Sliding in, the resistance was looser this time, and with a fart, I slid to the hilt, my balls coming to a wet, squelching stop with Becky's goo waterfall of a pussy.

"Fuck, I feel full, honey," Becky moaned. 

I slowly began to pump, Becky groaned lustily with each deep thrust into her bowels, each pump eliciting wet farts of spit and precum. I began to build steam and was passing the point of no return when I felt Penny's fingers in Becky's pussy stroke my cock through the vaginal wall. 

I am not sure how much I came. It felt like a lifetime, an orgasm of epic proportions. One, after which I remember little, save for the pop of my cock leaving Becky's cum-blasted bowels and a savage engulfing, licking, and sucking from Penny. The other huge indicator at the amount of cum was Becky squatting wobbly-kneed over Penny's face and a stream of cum and spit leaving her with an ass-facial that both girls noisily and sloppily consumed. We were spent, and fell into a slumber with their hands cradling my cock.

The morning light came through the window illuminating our naked forms. Becky and Penny were already awake, and moving in unison, sharing a lusty kiss. On all fours, both facing away from with their hands entwined in each others vaginas. 

"So this is how we handle ourselves in the morning?" I said with a wry smile. Penny stopped and spun around to face me. Becky looked over her naked shoulder and gave me a wink. Both girls turned and lustily spoke my name simultaneously. That, alone, made my cock hard, but was enhanced by the swinging of bare breasts. Both girls realised they were talking at once, grinned and looked at one another. Penny spoke first.

"Tom, we need to formalise things. Make some rules." Becky nodded as Penny spoke, agreeing with her co-girlfriend.

"I thought we had established that last night?" I said to their grinning faces?

"Well," I started, noticing the rigidity of my cock. "First, we are all exclusive, we are girlfriends and boyfriends." The girls nodded at my comments. "We are to be on birth control."

"Yes," said Penny over eagerly.

"So Penny can at least eat," I said, receiving a knowing grin from Penny.

"Well, the other thing is, we should move into our own place," Becky said with a huge grin. 

"Cause we are like a family," Penny finished for Becky. 

Becky smiled and placed an index finger on the head of my erect penis.

"One More thing Tom. "Fill Penny up so I can eat."