 One of the nice parts of my job is I get to work in a small co-op and I'm in charge of hiring my own staff since it's in the middle of nowhere in England. We mostly get working people who need a pint of milk and bread or the odd unemployed looking for their alcohol fix. Most of my staff are school leavers just turning 18 looking for their first job with a few who've worked there for a few years after having time off to look after their kids. 

I was interviewing for a full time role. I had 4 applicants to interview. I had about 14 apply but I only thought 4 made the cut. This one girl Carly who had long dyed black hair was about 5'5", very slim, nice C cups and wore a decent amount of makeup to try and give colour to her pale skin. She had pale blue nails which I assumed were fake but the colour matched her top which clung to her figure. I'll be honest my cock gave her the job the moment she walked in. The interview was a formality which I tweaked to send to head office so she got the job on file which was just a formality really. 

I rang a few days later so as not to look too suspicious to offer the job formally. I emailed a new starters pack which she emailed back for me to forward to HR. I edited the uniform form a little. Our uniform was a light blue shirt and blue jacket and name tag. I changed her shirt from a size 10 to an 8 and did the same to her jacket. Her uniform was delivered to her home address and she started in a few days.

It got to 8am on Sunday and she arrived. It was a pretty nice day in summer. I came out of my office to meet at the staff entrance. Being a sunday I explained it wouldn't be open till 10am and it use this time to let her get used to the shop. I noticed her shirt was fitted perfectly around her waist but tight over her bust. I got a semi at the sight of her bra line pressing against her shirt. She looked perfect for her first task.

I showed her the small staff room and my office and where to put over time sheets. I showed her where deliveries come in the back. I asked her to stick a few boxes worth on the shelves. Through carefully planning the night before they were mostly top shelf items which meant this little 19 year old cutie would be reaching high while I was working next to her in an empty stop. I would glance over occasionally to see her shirt gapping due to being tight around her breast giving me a glimpse of where her pale breast met the white of her bra cup. This sent my dick hard as fuck. I was in this for the long game. I would get her to suck my dick in no time. I'd dangle some promotion or something and get her on her knees for that pay rise. I'd already moved her shifts to mirror my own very closely. This was all about increasing her exposure to me and showing her I could do favours for her like grant leave or go easy on her if she had a hangover.

Then one Thursday 3 months into my plan I notice the till is down about £100 for the third time this month. Now everyone assumes their maths is bad an over looks round numbers when they go missing. But £300 was always going to be noticed at the end of the month. After a little digging I found that Carly was on shift on each of the days. And after a few hours I even had cctv footage of the desperate slight of hand. What on earth could she need that much money for so desperately. 

I invited her into my office when she was next on shift on the Sunday morning. I simply played the footage but she knew as soon as turned the screen to face her. I didn't say anything before she told me she had debts with people who would do nasty things if she didn't pay. She started to cry and between sobs told me how sorry she was. I asked her what it was for and she said it was for her brothers drug debts to some nasty people. I told her it would be fine. It would not be fine at all but I didn't need her to cry, it was unattractive. I gave her a tissue from my drawer. 

I told her I would square the books and she could give me a £20 note every week and before long it would be paid and no one would have to see the footage.

She got up and flung her arms around me. Her breasts against me got my dick twitching. I told her to get back on the shop floor and start restocking while I got it all sorted. 

Next week she came into my office to give me my first instalment. She put the note on my desk and thanked me rather shyly. This went on for about 4 months until the debt was repaid. During this time we got to know each other fairly well. There were times she would stay a little later and I would drop her off at the end of the day. I would occasionally catch a glimpse of her thong when she leant over or cleavage as she leant forward and I got to the point where I wanted her to catch me looking. At first she would quickly readjust but it started to get to the point where she wouldn't. I wanted her to know I liked her sexually. 

It didn't take too long after her debt was paid to get into more financial trouble. This time she came straight to me instead off stealing. She knew she'd never get away with that again. She came into my office and sat down. Her arms on either arm rest and her shirt straining to contain her tits pointing straight at me. Her first few buttons were undone which I was more than okay with but she wasn't like that 20 minutes ago. She had done this for me thinking I'd give up anything just to get an eye full of her. She wasn't wrong but I was going to get more than she bargained for.

She asked me for a wage advance of £200 to pay for her rent or something because her car needed repairs and she couldn't be without her car for whatever reason. I zoned out a little if I'm honest because her tits as always distracted me. I asked her when she needed it by and she told me by tomorrow. The company has no means of making early payments of wages because it's not something that's ever been required. 

We talked about payday loans and she said she's been living off them month to month but her credit rating has taken her to the point she's not allowed to borrow more than £50. I played a super long con but now my dick was talking and it was three steps ahead.

To told her to wait there while I got the cash. I left my office and the shop while I went to the cash machine. I took out £200 and it came out on 10's and 20's which I stuffed into my wallet. I had gone to another cash point as I didn't want to use our own. I got back to my office after 20 minutes and Carly was still sitting there. Where else was she going to go really? 

I stood slightly behind her as I took out my wallet. "This is my cash, it's a personal loan to you but it comes with strings attached." She looked back at me and nodded. "Don't go spending this all at once" I laughed.

She reached up to take the cash but placed my hand on her neck with the notes between us. I slowly slid my hand past her neck down towards her tits leaving a trail of cash falling. Carly did nothing to stop me so I continued. A few notes had fallen but the majority were still between my hand and her skin. I pushed past her shirt and then again down her bra with a few notes still in my hand. The remaining notes were left sticking out of her top like a cheap stripper. She looked up at me and then at the floor where about £100 was laying. She bent over and picked up the cash and a few notes fell out of her top. She took out the cash from her bra and stuffed it into her purse. She thanked me and I told her to pay me back like before. £20 every week until she had paid in full. As she left I gave her bum a slight squeeze just so she knew I owned her.

I let her carry on with her shift unharrased today but the next day I took full advantage of it being quiet with only me and her on shift. I asked her to man the shop floor and stock the shelves between serving customers. While no one was around and off camera I walked up behind Carly and placed my fingers at her trouser line. I reached in and pulled on her thong so that the material was sticking out about an inch. I commented on how I liked the white but that tomorrow I would like to see red to match her natural red hair which you could only tell from her eyebrows now as she dyed hers black. 

Later that shift as she was stacking the frozen items I came up behind her placing my hands on her waist and whispered into her ear that tomorrow I wanted her to wear a shade of lipstick that matched her underwear so that there was something to leave on my cock.

I let her know I meant a blowjob without saying it. It wasn't about being subtle it was just about letting her know I dictated what was happening. 

Tomorrow came and she walked in with a smile. I noticed she was wearing her jacket today which was odd considering it was warm today. She was wearing a nude shade of lipstick. Not red at all. What was she doing? Was she going to defy me like this? I would punish the slut for this.

After a few more came of shift I asked to see her in my office. She came in and took a seat as I took my seat behind the desk. "I did as you asked. Why do you look so mad?" I was a little confused cause I'm pretty sure I said red. Before I could speak she got up, stuck her thumb into her waistband and pulled up the red lace for me to see. She then slowly undid the zip to her jacket and then took it off. It was now clear why the was wearing a nude colour lipstick. She wasn't wearing a bra under her shirt. Her nipples were just poking through and now my dick was rock hard.

She walked round to my side of the desk and got on her knees. By the time she did that I was on the edge. She went to work taking my hard eager cock out. I felt her tongue lick my tip as her lips formed a perfect seal around my hard shaft. Her mouth worked me hard leaving a lipstick trail abound the base of my shaft.

I moved her hair aside so I could watch her magic lips edging my dick to its orgasm while I watched her cleavage as her arms pushed them together as if offering a target. I was so excited I started holding her head down making her gag on me. It was a little longer till I was ready to unload but as I knew I was finishing in her mouth. I pinned her head to me but she offered no resistance as my orgasm filled her mouth fully. She didn't spill a drop leaving only her beautiful lipstick behind. 

I let her head up and she quickly put her jacket back on. She looked at my now spent cock and smiled telling me to enjoy my shift as she walked out back to the shop floor leaving my £20 on the desk. 

The next day she came to work on and I didn't see much of her. While she was on the till with another staff member I asked if she could do a few extra hours to do gap checking on the shop floor after it closed at 4pm today. She agreed and carried on with serving customers.

When it got to just after 4pm and everyone else had gone she took a barcode reader and started scanning and checking stock for the next hour. I can on the shop floor and asked her to my office.

I told her that she was in my office because I felt she was dressed inappropriately for work and I had received complaints from other staff members. She looked at me confused and asked what about her was inappropriate. I told her that she needed white underwear and not bright pink which would distract others such as myself and other males.

She pulled her jacket aside a little and stuck out her beasts protesting that you couldn't see it. I asked her to stand up and I walked to her. I cupped her breast and with my free hand drew the outline of her bra.

"See, it's clear as day. Your shirt is tight and I can see it is pink."

I then let go of her perky breast. I explained that it would make guys aroused as they saw you which would be less productive in work. 

"So, did you get hard from touching me again." 

I smiled at her and her eyes drifted down to the bulge in my trousers. Her eyes widened and her lips cracked a smile. 

"Glad you're enjoying yourself. It's going to get even better." I unbuckled my belt and unbuttoned the fly of my pants. Then, I decided to have some fun.

"Oh, I can't seem to get this zipper down," I grinned at her. "Can you help me? Oh, but you're not allowed to use your hands."

She smiled and leaned forward, taking the zipper between her teeth. She slowly pulled it down, having some difficulty getting it over my already semi-hard cock bulging in my boxers. 

"Thanks." I gave her a kiss on the cheek and then slid my pants off and then my boxers.

"Is this what you were looking for?" I asked.

Her answer came in the form of her lips wrapping around the head of my cock. She began stroking my balls while her full lips glided up and down my shaft. She was damn good at giving head.

She suddenly stopped and looked at me with begging eyes as I noticed her left hand was down her pants and between her legs. It didn't take me long to take her up on her invitation as I got behind her and forced her trousers down and grabed onto her hips and began thrusting my cock into her pussy. She started to moan. I gave her a few smacks on her ass and she moaned louder. I was really going now thrusting into her full force.

I grabbed onto her hips and started fucking her harder against the shelves. I'd alternate between reaching in front of me and grabbing her tits and giving her ass some hard smacks.

We had been going at for quite some time, her moaning loudly and me not believing that I was fucking this woman in my shop when I felt closer to cumming. 

I pulled out and pushed her to the floor. I unbuttoned her shirt enough to expose her pink lace bra and pulled her cup out get see her pale nipple. I started to stroke my wet cock and after a few strokes I started cumming violently into her bra cup covering her nipples. 

When I finally finished I let go and gave her breast a squeeze and told her to fix her shirt. 

"Tomorrow I'm going to give you a challenge I know it's your day off but I'll text you Carly and you must answer..."