 After several years of working together, Stephanie left our school to work at a magazine. We didn't see each other much, but kept in touch through Facebook and the occasional text. She had a new boyfriend (huge surprise!) and things were going well, so I didn't expect to hear from her until things went wrong. Steph being Steph, that took about four months...

I was at school when she texted me, asking me to help her collect a big chair she wanted from her ex-boyfriend's house. Physically, this sounded easy enough, but the situation sounded like a bad idea from the start. I've always been a sucker, though, so I said yes. I met her at Starbucks, and she explained that they broke up the previous week and she wanted her chair back-he was OK with her getting it, but it was too big to manage alone. OK...

Needless to say, there was immediate drama. The boyfriend was at the apartment, and he wanted to play "Who the fuck is this guy?" and act all tough. Steph got pissed, and they argued the whole time we cleared a path for moving the offending chair. I kept things calm, and with some backing and filling, we got the damn thing downstairs and into the back of my SUV. 

With a final "Fuck off!" hanging in the air, we left the uncomfortable scene behind and made our way back toward the highway. I followed her to her new house, thinking of how to bitch her out for putting me in such an uncomfortable and potentially dangerous situation. I was also kicking myself for saying yes. I kept my comments to myself as we unloaded the chair and got it up the small flight of steps and into her living room. 

Finally, I turned to her and said, "Well, that was some bullshit! Why didn't you tell me he was going to be there?"

She knew I was pissed, and some part of her knew how fucked up the situation was. How was it OK to get a married friend into a fight with her ex over a chair? Why was I even there? No doubt the hook-up a few months back played a part, but still...

"I know that was fucked up, and I'm sorry I got you into it. I just really wanted the chair back."

"Yeah, I got that part," I said. "I don't even know why I said yes, though."

She smiled. "I do," she said. "You were hoping I'd pay you back."

"Now that you mention it..." I said with a smirk. 

True to form, she didn't waste any time. She dropped immediately to her knees, rubbing her hands across the front of my khakis, looking up at me with lust in her eyes. When she pulled out my stiffening cock, I grabbed her hair and pushed it into her mouth, wanting to punish her a little bit. She flinched when my cock hit the back of her throat, but let me hold her head and fuck her mouth. Her hands went to my ass and urged me on. After a few minutes, I slowed my pace, not wanting to finish that way.  

I pulled all the way out, and her hands wrapped enticingly around my shaft, stroking my spit-slickened cock while her tongue swirled around the head. I was still pissed at her, so as good as her treatment felt, I wanted to push things a little bit. Pulling her head back into position, I slid back into her mouth. When I was at her tonsils, I paused. Her tongue snaked out to lick the bottom of my cock. "Take a deep breath," I said. She did, but her eyes widened a little. The widened more when I pushed deeper into her throat, feeling her swallow to fight her gag reflex. Fuck that felt good! I held myself in place for a few long moments, savoring the tight rippling of her throat before pulling back to let her breathe. 

"Holy shit..." she gasped, tears sparkling in the corners of her eyes..."you are pissed at me, aren't you?" 

"A little bit," I said, pushing back into her mouth. 

She inhaled deeply and took me back in her throat. This time, when I was buried all the way, I flexed my hips a little, fucking her throat for about twenty seconds. I let her breathe, then did it again. It crossed my mind that I was being pretty harsh, fucking her mouth like this, but I underestimated her! She stood up and pulled me over to stand next to the chair. She whipped her shirt off, unhooked her bra, and laid back with her head on the broad, cushioned arm. 

Reaching over her head, she grabbed my cock and pulled me closer. Stroking me with one hand, she sucked one of my balls into her mouth, then the other. "If you want to really fuck my mouth," she said, "do it like this...just let me breathe when I push on you!" With that, she tilted her head back and opened her mouth, making a straight line for me to follow.. I slipped back in, feeling her swallow again as I pushed past her gag reflex. From this angle, I could see the head of my cock actually widen her throat just below her chin. I fucked her slowly but steadily like this, pulling back when she signaled. My hands reached down to brace myself on her chest, and I played with her tits, pinching and pulling her nipples. She moaned when I did that, so I kept this pattern going for a long while. I should have known she was an experienced deep-throater!

I was getting sweaty, so I paused to drop my pants and push my boxer briefs down to the floor. Steph sat up and did likewise, whipping her tight jeans and panties off and kneeling on the chair. She licked her way up my cock again, then nestled it between her tits, squeezing them together to form a slick, warm valley. 

As I pumped gently against her soft skin, she looked up at me and asked if I was still pissed. 

"I'm getting over it" I said with a smile. 

"Good," she said, "because I want to pay you back some more if you're done with all the grudge-fucking." 

I nodded and asked, "What did you have in mind?"

"Have a seat," she said, "and I'll show you why I like this chair so much." 

I sat without hesitation. She climbed into my lap. There was room for both her knees beside my hips, and she knelt above me, rubbing her juicy slit along my cock as it lay against my stomach. Her juices were hot and slippery, and I could tell she was enjoying the friction on her clit and sensitive labia. 

"There's plenty of room for this..." she moaned. 

"I get that," I said as I closed my eyes in appreciation. 

"Do you like the way my pussy feels?" she asked. 

"Fuck yes," I told her. "It feels so ready for my cock." 

"Do you like how smooth she is? I just got waxed thinking about how to pay you for helping me." 

"You're such a slut," I told her. "You knew I would do it even if your boyfriend was there, and you knew you were going to fuck me for helping, didn't you?" 

"I was counting on it," she replied. 

With that, she grabbed my cock and sank down all the way until her bare mound bumped against me. The breath hissed out of her, and she went to work immediately, rocking her hips back and forth so that I moved deep inside her. I could feel every inch of her pussy rippling and sliding against my sensitive shaft, and I wrapped my hands around her hips, letting her set the pace this time. I forgot everything else but the tight, wet pussy I was in and the lithe body in front of me. 

Steph's arms went around my head, and I found myself held tightly against her breasts. I sucked each nipple in turn, gently biting them and flicking my tongue across their tight little tips. She groaned with pleasure and worked harder on my cock, dropping herself all the way down and grinding herself against me. 

She pulled back and looked me in the eyes. "Oh, man...I'm going to...cum all over...your cock," she said a little breathily. She spoke in time with her rising and falling hips, changing the angle each time to stimulate different parts of both of us. I was breathing deeply myself, trying to hold back my own orgasm until she got off. As tight and sexy as she was, though, it wasn't easy!

"I'm going to cum...on your cock...and I want to feel you...cum inside me. Cum inside my pussy. Cum inside me. Fuck me and cum in me, Steve. Fuck me and cum in me. I'm so close...I'm so fucking close..." 

She was almost chanting now as she drove herself toward her orgasm. 

I was getting there, too, and knew that whoever came first would set the other one off. I felt her stiffen suddenly and let myself go, grabbing her hips to pump frantically up into her as she arched back with one final "Oh, fuck yessss..." 

I pulled her down hard on my lap and pumped load after load of sperm deep inside her pussy. As I did, she grabbed my head again and pulled me close again, whispering softly in my ear. 

"I love that," she said. "I love feeling you exploding inside me..." 

She rocked her hips encouragingly, teasing the last spurts from my flagging hardness. 

After a long, long time, she pulled off of me. My cock slapped limply against my stomach, and she moved down to take it back into her mouth. She knelt in front of the chair and I held her head while she savored the taste of our combined juices and worked on me with her lips, hands, and tongue. When I was clean, she turned and sat in my lap with her back against me. One of my hands curled down to cup her slick, smooth pussy and the other went around her waist. She leaned her head back on my shoulder and crossed her arms over my hand. 

"That was amazing," I said softly. 

She just said, "Mmmm" and turned her head enough for me to see her smile. 

"Now you see why I wanted this chair?" 

"I totally understand."