 Angela and I didn't really talk that much when we worked together despite being just across the hall from one another for 5 years. We didn't really have a lot in common. She was 27 but had gotten married at 22 to her high school sweetheart. She grew up in a small town and still lived in the same small town. Angela made the 45 minute commute into the city every day for work and rushed out the door at 4:30 every day to beat some of the traffic. I was 31 and had never married and lived sort of a playboy lifestyle by her standards. I went out for drinks with the boys a few times a week, brought a different woman to every company party, etc. Angela never went out for drinks after work and always found a reason to go home early from company parties.

Angela dressed very conservatively, never showing any leg above the knee on those rare occasions she wore a skirt. Her blouses were always buttoned to the top and loose fitting, basically frumpy. I knew she had a slender build and smallish breasts but couldn't really tell much beyond that. 

Earlier this year her behavior changed. Angela started asking if people were going out for drinks after work, she even organized and rounded up people to go out. When out at the bar she would be one of the last to go home and actually flirted with the guys a little bit. She had always kept a bubble of personal space around her and I had never seen her touch another person. Now she would casually touch my arm or ask me to feel how cold her hands were. Her wardrobe changed as well. She sported tight fitting sweaters, shorter skirts, deeper necklines, and my favorite, low hip hugging pants. 

Angela's body was on display and it was fantastic to see. She is about 5 foot 7 and maybe 120 pounds. Her hips are curvy for a girl as thin as she is and her 32B breasts sit high, with just enough size to bounce a little when she walks fast. She has very long slender legs that look amazing in a short skirt and stockings. Her overall bone structure was delicate, contrasting slightly with the curvy hips and bouncy breasts. Short dark brown hair fell to her shoulders and was turned up in a half curl on the ends. Angela's eyes were very large and dark brown, almost dark enough to make discerning her pupils difficult. I found myself staring at her as she walked through the office, mesmerized by her swaying hips and perky boobs as she hurried down the hallways. 

The office gossip was that Angela wasn't happy in her marriage. She didn't have any children and her husband was an avid outdoorsman. He was gone most weekends and nights after work for fishing tournaments or hunting. I got the impression Angela was going through a mid-life crisis at 27 because she was so lonely. 

One night she and I were the last two out at the bar and she confided that she hated going home to an empty house. We sat at an outdoor patio finishing our drinks and watching people. Angela wondered out loud what her life would be like as a single professional living in a downtown condo with all the city life around her. My girlfriend called and I regretfully had to leave. I walked Angela out receiving a hug for my trouble and her thanks for listening to her problems.

A few weeks later the weather turned into one of those scorchers that see temps in the high 90's with high humidity. I owned a ski boat and kept it on one of the local lakes not far from the office. During summer months I liked to be able to go out on Friday nights and relax on the water with a few drinks. Angela had always commented that she wanted to go out on my boat sometime because her parents had always taken her out as a kid. She mentioned her husband's fishing boat just didn't cut it and he never invited her anyway. That particular Friday I thought what the hell, my girlfriend was out of town for the weekend and maybe Angela would go. I invited her to come out with me after work since we were all getting off early. In the first of many pleasant surprises she gladly accepted. Angela said it was perfect because her husband was gone to another fishing tournament and wouldn't be home until Sunday leaving her all alone for the weekend.

I changed into shorts and a t shirt before leaving the office. Angela didn't have any other clothes so we stopped at a nearby department store. She picked out a pair of shorts and a tank top and disappeared in the back. When she came out of the dressing room I tried not to be too obvious in my ogling. The tank top fit very tight, accentuating her tits and flat stomach. The top was tight enough that the lacey fringe of her bra was visible through the white fabric. She had on a very short pair of jean shorts that showed a slight camel toe in her crotch area. Her skin was slightly tanned but was quite pale on her thighs as the shorts were obviously shorter than what she usually wore.

We made the quick drive to the boat, hopped in and headed for the gas pier. The gas station attendant stared openly as Angela laid her head back on her seat and stretched her legs out absorbing the sun as we filled up. Once out into open water she asked me to drive fast so the wind would help cool us off. I opened it up to the full 40 mph as we sped across the open water. I snuck peeks over at her beautiful face with her hair blown straight back and eyes hidden by her dark glasses. We stopped in the shallow area on the far side of the lake and dropped anchor. 

Her hair was wild from the ride; she quickly smoothed it and exclaimed, "That felt great! It makes me feel so alive to speed across the water and feel the hot sun at the same time." 

We opened up some wine from my cooler and kicked back relaxing in the hot late afternoon sun. Angela broke the silence asking, while pointing to her smooth skinned upper thigh, "Do my legs look bad with the white skin and funny tan line up here?"

"No. I think your legs look great. The sun today will even it out." I finished off my drink quickly and hoped it would help keep me from springing a hard on right there while staring at her legs, imagining that smooth skin up to her undoubtedly tasty pussy. "Well I hope I don't get funny tan lines from the tank top. My shoulders are getting more sun while my stomach is going to remain white." 

I brazenly commented, " You can take off the tank, your bra is just like a bikini top and we are out on the lake so no can really see anything." 

She laughed, "You will be able to see me!"

I smiled sheepishly, "Well yeah, but I don't mind." 

Angela stood up and gripped the bottom of her top, quickly pulling it off and shaking her hair free. Her padded bra cupped her tits and pushed them together to provide a little cleavage above her muscular stomach. 

She blushed slightly, "Don't stare. I know they are small. I always feel self conscious of them." 

I confessed, "I have stared at your boobs before and think they are perfect." 

"Really? I thought you were into big boobs given some of the girls I have seen you with." 

The booze added to my courage as I admitted, "I like boobs in general and yours are perky and tight. I love how they are just big enough to fill hand. You know, big enough to notice and feel but not so big they sag. I bet your nipples are very sensitive."

She laughed and we kind of sat in awkward silence for a few minutes until she changed the subject to something with less tension. 

Dusk was approaching and we were both feeling the booze when I suggested skinny dipping. Angela said no at first but I pointed out it would be dark soon and it would be easier for her to go to the bathroom if she just got in the water. She agreed but only if I turned my back while she got in. I turned around and resisted all temptation to peek until I heard the splash of her in the water. I dropped my shorts but saw that she turned away so she couldn't see and I jumped in. 

We splashed and played around a little bit until we were tired. Angela held onto my shoulders as I gripped the boat to keep us both afloat. We stared at each other for what seemed like an eternity as I put my free hand on her naked hip and pulled her closer. We almost kissed but at the last second Angela suggested getting back in the boat because she was cold. 

I climbed up the ladder, quickly toweled off and put shorts back on. Without thinking I reached down and offered my hand to Angela and helped her up the ladder and over the padding on the back of the boat. 

I couldn't help staring at her erect nipples in the night air. The water dripped off her body as she had a slight shiver shaking her tits seductively. She self consciously wrapped an arm around her boobs and put a hand over her pubic area but not before I glimpsed the neatly trimmed dark pubic hairs. 

Angela chastised me, "You weren't supposed to look." 

I smiled and pleaded, "I didn't think about it. I was just trying to help you into the boat."

My cock was tightening up looking at her; I could feel it pushing against the fabric of my shorts as we stood there. I handed her a towel and she wrapped herself up but gave me a full view of her body again as she spread the towel out around her back before cinching it up. Her nipples were pointing out and up. The areolas were just slightly bigger than her nipple and the pink skin had just a touch of swelling, making her nipples poke out further as her firm breasts defied gravity. Her short pubic hair was neatly trimmed in a triangle. "You saw me. Now I get to see you," she declared, "so why don't you drop your shorts. I can already see most of the shape anyway." 

I was surprised by her boldness but I quickly dropped my shorts down to my ankles. My cock flopped out and bounced slightly in semi erection form. Angela seemed shocked by my eager movement. 

Her eyes never left my groin as she asked, "Are you getting hard or is it always that thick?" I looked down. "It is starting to get hard. But yeah, it gets a lot thicker. I can't stare at a beautiful naked woman and not get hard." 

Angela asked, "Stop teasing me, you really think I am beautiful?" "I think you are smoking hot and have wanted to see you naked for months. In fact all sorts of naughty thoughts have crossed my mind about you."

"Like what?" She shot back. 

I looked her directly in eyes and said, "Like how I would lick your pussy and imagine how you cum." 

"Oh my," she announced, "I didn't expect that honest of a reply." She smiled wickedly and asked, "Can I touch it?" 

I moved closer took her hand and placed it around my dick. She squeezed it slightly and exclaimed, "It feels so thick I can't even get my hand around it!" 

I thought I was going to explode right then and there. I reached out undoing her towel so it fell to the floor. She made no move to cover and just lightly stroked my cock. She and I stared at each other until I looked down and took in the full sight of her body. I met her gaze again seeing a spark in her huge perfectly round dark eyes. Pulling her close, I kissed her full on the lips. Her tongue darted into my mouth and my hands moved over her hips and stomach to her tits. 

I bent down and took one hard nipple in my mouth as I heard Angela moan, "We shouldn't do this. You are so much trouble for me." 

I didn't even stop as her body clearly didn't mean it because her hand never left my cock. 

I came back up whispering in her ear. "Nobody has to know. I want you so bad right now. I wanna feel you cum." Her breathing was heavy as she dropped to her knees, gazing up, briefly meeting my eyes as she took my cock in her mouth while still stroking it with her hand. She concentrated on just the mushroom tip teasing me with her tongue on the underside as she stroked my cock into her mouth. Angela worked the tip like a lollipop, popping it in and out of her mouth repeatedly. She finally starting taking more into her mouth, swallowing it all except the portion covered by her hand at the base. Her hand followed her mouth up my shaft and lead the way back down again. 

"Holy shit, Angela! I am going to cum! I am going to cum!"

She just went faster until I exploded into her mouth. She pulled back spitting a little between her lips as my cum ran out of her mouth down to her chest. She slowly kept stroking and looked up at me saying, "Wow, that was a lot of cum! I have only done that with 2 other guys and I wasn't ready for that much." 

I explained, "uou had me so hot. I couldn't help it but I am not done."

I helped her up and without giving her time to towel the sticky mess of jizz off her tits I lead her over to the back bench on the boat. I eased her back into a reclining position on the padded sun platform as I kneeled between her legs. My hands slid up her leg starting at the knees and helping spread her open as my thumbs brushed the side of her pussy. I couldn't wait to taste her and quickly slid my tongue lightly up her slit. It had that mix of sweet and tartness that only a wet pussy has. Angela moaned and lifted her hips ever so slightly to encourage my tongue. I put the palms of my hands on her thighs using my thumbs to stroke up and down causing her own lips to rub her clit. As I spread her lips apart I felt the hard clit with my tongue and started flicking it lightly. Her juices started to flow freely and the sweet musky scent coupled with her increasingly faster breathing was making me hard again. I looked up her body and saw her hands using my cum as a lubricant as she kneaded her tits. I went faster and faster thinking my tongue couldn't keep it up when she suddenly gasped, half sat up and clenched my head with her thighs as the orgasm rocked her body. She pulled me up and kissed me hard; giggling that she never thought she would taste her own pussy. 

I whispered in her ear, "I want to fuck that pussy now that it is ready." 

Angela's hand immediately went down and felt my erection was back. "I am impressed you are ready already but I don't know. I really shouldn't go any further. You are so bad!" 

She provided no resistance as I guided her around so she was on her knees bent over the sun platform. Reaching around I slid my finger into her wetness making sure she was ready. Each motion brought a purr from her lips and a gently grinding of her hips back into me. 

I half pleaded, half told her. "You drive me crazy. I have fantasized for weeks about you wiggling on my cock. I want that tight little pussy so bad right now. You want more than just a good licking don't you?"

Breathlessly, Angela replied, "enough talk, just do it before I somehow change my mind." 

I used her wetness to stroke my cock and started to slowly push into her. My cock isn't overly long at about 6 1/2 inches but it is extremely thick. I could feel her pussy stretching to accommodate me a little more with each thrust. Angela leaned forward on her elbows and exhaled a long, "oooohhh yessss right there!" 

I started pumping faster, gripping her hips and banging into the back of her thighs. I couldn't take it anymore and had to slow down. I pulled her upright with my cock still embedded in her sopping pussy. My hands slid up her body cupping both sticky tits and working the nipples between my thumb and fingers. Her hips ground back into me keeping the pressures on her stretched pussy lips as I franticly squeezed her tits.

I softly bit her neck and nibbled her ear lobe whispering, "You feel so good, I want to fuck you all night." 

Angela leaned back into me reaching a hand around to grope my ass pulling me toward her. "Just pound me. Please don't stop. I just want to feel you pound me from behind right now." 

I let her fall forward and started slowly pulling out and thrusting in again. She pushed her hips back encouraging me to go harder and faster. I could hear her breathy cries, "fuck yeah, fuck yeah, oh fuck yeah," repeatedly, as she felt her own orgasm building. 

Since she got that first desperate cum shot out of the way with her mouth I was able to last about 10 minutes at full speed. My cock was hard as steel stretching her gripping pussy as I jackhammered her to new heights. Feeling the pressure building I announced, "I'm cumming," and pulled out. 

My cum shot streaked out and landed on her back followed by two or three more bursts. Angela fell forward on her stomach exhausted. I was covered in sweat. Despite it being the dark of night the temp still hovered near 80 degrees. I sat down on the bench as Angela slid down next to me. 

"Holy shit! I have never been fucked like that. I wanted it so bad but never thought I would work up the courage to do it." 

I laughed, "I never thought you would let me." 

"I feel like such a slut, I have never done anything like that. I mean my husband is the only guy I have ever had sex with. Don't get me wrong, I needed to just let loose like that and get it out of my system. It felt so good to just be bad and not care about anything except getting off but we have to keep this a secret." 

"Sure," I said, "but we can do it again right? 

"I am serious. I don't want to hear office gossip about how you shot cum all over my tits or how you fucked the shit out of me on your boat one night after work." Angela warned.

I gave her a teasing smile, "you like saying that don't you?"

"What?" 

"That you got your tits covered in cum and got fucked hard out here on my boat."

"Maybe I do," she said shyly, "but I don't want to hear about it from anyone else. Promise me you won't tell anyone and..."

"And what?" I asked.

"And maybe I liked it enough that I want to do it again sometime." She offered.

"Deal." I answered as I leaned down and kissed her lips.