 It had been a week or so since Justin and I had done the ‘unthinkable.' That's not to say that having an affair with someone you work with is such a rare occurrence, but how often do people sit right in the next cubicle to the person they are taking home every night to fuck? Makes for a delicate situation in the professional life day in and day out, that much I can tell you.

So far we hadn't been suspected of any naughty behavior but we knew that people in the office already knew we liked each other. At this point though, they still just all thought it was a puppy love kind of thing that neither Justin nor I were aware of. How sickeningly sweet is that scenario? We were all for letting them believe the little fairy tale about us. After all, it wasn't all untrue; they just didn't know the things we were doing to each other's bodies AFTER hours. Hell, I'm sure what we had already done was probably illegal in a state or two. 

We behaved ourselves at work though. Oh sure, we were chatty, but we often ate lunch with other co workers and rarely came in or left together. But I noticed Justin scoping out the building lately and I knew only too well what I was about to be in for. Of course I couldn't wait for it.

And then it happened. I was on my way to the mail room to do a manual fax and I always took the long way down the hall with dozens of doors to dozens of rooms I had never been in or even knew what they were or what they contained. Today, I was going to see one of these rooms.

So, I'm walking down this hall when I suddenly hear a door open behind me, feel a strong arm about my waist and a hand about my mouth because of course my first reaction is to scream, and I was swiftly dragged into the room which was pitch black once the door closed. 

"Don't open your mouth. At least not until I tell you to." I continued to struggle a little. I knew it was him, but I wanted to make this interesting and fun. I wanted to see if he would play along with it. 

"All right, just so we're sure: You do know it's me, right?" He asked. The question actually warmed my heart. I nodded quickly and then again began to struggle with him. 

He tightened his grip around my waist and mouth and held me in place.

"Now listen here little girl. This can go one of 2 ways. You can enjoy it, or you can endure it. The choice is yours, but either way you're going to get fucked today." He bent his head to my neck and licked it. Sucked it, and then bit it. Not too hard, but just hard enough to let me know that he had his prey and now intended to HAVE it as well. "You do what I tell you and I may even let you come." The hand around my waist slipped into the hem of my slacks and his fingers claimed my cunt. I felt his fingers circling my clit and then I felt those fingers inside me. Alternating between clit and cunt.

"I'm going to take my hand off of your mouth now. If you scream I'll rip off your shirt and pitch you out of this office, understand?" I nodded – of course. True to his word, he took his hand from my mouth. I gasped as I drank in cool fresh air. He held my neck firmly as he lifted my head up and back as he kissed me deeply. I felt his tongue in my mouth and his hand treating my pussy to a wonderful midday treat. His motions became faster and I felt myself cumming right there behind a door that led to the rest of the company's staff. 

"SHshshshshshsh – not too loud Little Girl. I don't want anyone finding us. I want to have some fun." 

I felt myself being turned around and then his fingers were in my hair. He pulled my hair hard forcing my head back as he kissed me again. I could feel him biting my lower lip and when he released the kiss I tasted the tang of my blood in my mouth. Next I was pushed down to my knees. He pushed my face in his crotch.

"You feel that monster starting to swell in there?" He asked.

"Yes." I said.

"Yes, what?" He asked as he pulled my head back by my hair again.

"Yes, sir."

"No." He said as he pinched and twisted one of my nipples through my shirt. Almost too hard, but just under the surface of unbearable. "You are a little girl, and I want you to call me Daddy. Today you obey me or things won't go well for you."  Oh God, this boy really knew how to make me hot. Forget that he was four years younger than I, I started the tone of this fantasy, and I would see it through any way he wanted me to. 

"Yes, Daddy." I replied in a meek little voice. 

"That's better. Now, take my cock out and kiss it." 

I unzipped his fly slowly. "Let's go Little Girl; we don't have all day to be fucking in here. That door isn't locked and it's only a matter of time before someone needs a file out of this room. So, be good, but be quick about it."

I continued to free that monster cock of his. He was only half way there and I gripped his shaft and instantly I felt it get harder. I kissed the tip of his head and felt a drop of cum on my lips. I opened my mouth and let the head start to pass through those plump lips of mine as my tongue started to twirl around his cock that was getting bigger every minute. I knew there was no way that thick ass 10" cock was getting all the way down my little throat but that wasn't from lack of trying. I would gently go back and forth on his dick and every time I'd shove him just a little deeper until I couldn't get him any farther. When I had him in my throat as far as I could I would swallow. Tiny little moans escaped his mouth. 

"Holy shit, who taught you that little trick?" He continued to moan. "Don't answer; just keep it up, Honey." I started to moan on his dick and the vibrations started to drive him crazy. He started thrusting in and out of my mouth, barely allowing me any air to breathe.

"You'd better get those pants undone honey, I'm about to flip you over. As hard as my cock is and as much as I want that pussy, I'm liable to break right through those lovely's." As he continued to fuck my mouth I fumbled with the latch and zipper on my pants. As soon as he heard the zipper go down I felt his cock pop from my mouth and the next thing I felt was my body being picked up. He got me on my feet, spun me around and bent me over a table. I couldn't see anything, but he knew this room too well to have not been here with the light on at some point. 

I felt his fingers dig cruelly into the upper portion of my ass as they ripped my pants down my thighs. He did it so hard I was afraid he'd rip them, but he didn't. I felt the head of his cock rubbing up and down the folds of my little pussy. "Are you ready, Little Girl?"

"Yes, Daddy." I replied. I felt that mammoth head slip into me. 1 inch 2 inches 3 inches and then he just rested there. I felt his whole body bend over me and I felt his chest on my back as his arms reached under my armpits and then grabbed my shoulders from the front of me. I wondered at this interesting position and then his grip tightened on my shoulders as he thrust his hips forward and slammed the length of his cock entirely up my dripping wet cunt. 

An involuntary scream escaped my lips but he quickly placed one of his hands over my mouth and stifled any sound that may have bled out into the hall. I felt his hot breath on the back of my neck as he sucked on it and just stayed inside me, not moving just twitching and letting me adjust to him now that the brutality of that first stroke was complete. I breathed hard as I tried to catch my breath and he broke character for just a second, but that was all.

"Are you all right? Did I hurt you?"

"Yes and no, Daddy." I answered both questions as I started to stir my ass a little under his frame. Adjusted now, I was eager to have him fuck me with that brute force we had been playing with today.

"Oh, you think you're ready for me now, Little Girl?"

"Yes, Daddy, fuck me now, please." It was almost a whine. 

I felt his body stand up as he released my shoulders and he gripped my hips. He slid his cock all the way out of me and just fucked me with his head for a minute. 

"You little cock tease, you make me watch that fat little ass of yours all day and think I won't find a way to get you, is that it?" He thrust his cock all the way into me swiftly and hard. A small yelp escaped my lips. God his cock was so big. Even once used to it I was still so shocked by it. 

He grabbed me by my hair and pulled me up forcing my back to arch at a cirque du soleil angle. He started to pump my pussy with that massive cock. "I hate to fuck you so hard so fast, but we are running out of time Little Girl." He said. "Now, you just be a good girl and let me pound your little ass." He really had a good grip on my hair and was pulling me onto his dick harder and harder with each thrust. I reached up with a hand to rub my head and was rewarded with my face being shoved down hard on the table. He held me down by my turned face and slapped my bare ass – HARD! I yelped.

"I never gave you permission to move." He slapped my ass raw a few more times and really started slicing in and out of my ravaged pussy. "Ungh ungh ungh – I really want to fuck that ass Little Girl, but I don't think we have time, what do you think?"

I couldn't respond he was fucking me so hard. I thought it was going to come out my mouth with another stroke or two. "Answer me, Girl!" He said as he reached under me now and pinched my nipples hard.

"No, Daddy, I – don't – think – there's – time."

"You know what that – Ungh ungh means – don't you?" 

I must have hesitated in answering him because he let a nipple go and slapped my ass again,

"No, Daddy, I don't." I cried out. I could feel the heat in my body raising as I felt an orgasm coming for me. 

"It means that later when you are leaving here, I'm going to have to follow you home and take you again. You'll be a good girl this time for me, right? You won't make me have to spank you again, will you Little Girl?" 

I could hear the sound of his pelvis slapping against my ass as I started to cum.

"Oh yes, Daddy. You'll have to spank me again, I like it when you fuck me and spank me for being a bad girl. I like when you make me cum on your cock. You'd better hold my mouth now." I said and he only hesitated a second as I started to yell and scream. The orgasm was explosive and I couldn't contain it.

"Oh, all that noise right there just earned you a spanking later. Now I'm going to cum in you, and that shit's gonna dribble outta your hot little cunt all day long."

His hands were back on my hips as he started pumping new depths into my pussy. I could feel the table creaking beneath us and I felt his cock swelling even more as I thought he was going split my pussy open. 

"I'm going to fill you now, Baby. I'm gonna mark you as mine." His body bent over me again as he held my tits and gripped them as he kept my body flush to his. I felt that tell tale twitching and this time I felt that red hot giz gush inside of me. His weight crushed my little body as he rested on top of me panting and nuzzling my neck.

"God, I just couldn't wait til later." He said, back to being Justin. My little red headed wonder. Not that there was anything very little about him at all. "Did I hurt you too much; did I take it too far?" Gone was the crazed co worker who claimed my little pussy and back was this genuine man. 

"No, you were perfect. Brutal, but perfect." I smiled. 

He slipped from inside me and turned on the lights. He helped me fix my clothes and then smoothed my hair for me. Did it get any better than this?

"Okay, you look nice and proper again. You go first; I'll see you back at our little area." He smiled. As I reached for the door he grabbed me and pulled me in a kiss. I returned it without question. "You're really something, you know that?" He asked. "I don't think I've ever had a girlfriend who let me get away with all this."

"So, I'm your girlfriend now?" I smiled. I felt the heat rushing to my cheeks. 

"If you want to be." He said. I looked at him and kissed him again.

"If I want to be?" I asked teasing him.

"No, actually, now, you're MY bitch." He laughed and I smiled for he knew that's what got me hottest. His taking the lead and showing me the way. I couldn't wait to see him later…