 There are some things in life that unexpectedly occur and make no sense. Things happen.

Take my relationship with Lauren, a sweet and married 27-year-old who worked as an analyst in the same department as me. I'm a 29-year-old married guy. We'd both been at each other's weddings, shared highs and lows in lunchtime discussions, and supported in times of need and celebrated in times of joy. 

Two friends. Working in same office. Spending time together at work. 

We'd shared all kinds of stories, probably ones which HR would not have liked. 

Like the one where Lauren admitted to me being caught masturbating by her husband, who was at first upset but soon watched her in action and joined in. I related a similar story, one which my wife caught be stroking to porn, and promptly cut me off from any sex for a couple weeks. 

We laughed at our misfortunes, but I have to admit when Lauren told her stories it got me hot and bothered. So much so that she notices the bulge in my pants one lunchtime. "Enjoying the talk, Rob?"

I admitted I was and she smiled. 

Not to bore you with the details, but we ran into each other one Saturday afternoon jogging in a local park. Well, it was more than an accident, because we knew each other would be there at some point. But it wasn't like we'd arranged to meet or anything. It was a chance meeting and we jogged along together for a while before taking a brief respite by the lake.

We spoke for a while, grimacing, laughing and interacting before Lauren dropped a bombshell.

"You know, Rob, you get me hot when I think about you. Roger decided last night to bang me -- it has been three weeks since he'd touched me -- and he did the usual stroke here for a minute and then jump on and fuck me. Probably three minutes before he shot his wad. I mean, it wasn't satisfying except that I imagined it was you and it got me off! So, thanks for the fuck, sailor!"

I couldn't believe she told the intimate story. But I did admit to her that I sometimes thought of her to get myself over the edge when Shannon was stroking me off. She really didn't like sex - we'd do it here and there, but she would jerk me off to keep me satisfied on a weekly basis. Those interludes became mundane, but I started recently to spice it up by thinking of Lauren and having her work my dick in various scenarios. 

Laurel smiled at the thought then surprised me again. "Do you think we could survive, I mean, our marriages and work relationship and so forth if we ever, you know, did it together? I mean, I love my husband, my life for the most part, but there is something missing. I think it's the excitement."

She went on to tell be a couple stories about how, before getting married, this guy or that guy had adventurously fooled around with her. And they'd do it in a park, in the car and even in an abandoned outhouse. "It was so hot. And when I got married it was like that for a little bit, but Roger is, well, vanilla and it's become the old in and out, quick fucks that leave a lot missing."

I spoke about the similarities with my wife Shannon. I mean, before the wedding I could count on some kind of sex several times a week, and blow jobs in the basement of her parent's house at a minimum and in the car here and there. She once gave me road head on the interstate and at least 15 truckers beeped and honked and waved and enjoyed her naked ass on display while she was sucking me off. It was amazing. But that excitement gradually left our lovemaking and it was now a chore. 

She was too tired, had to get up early, worried someone would hear (gee, married people fucking is a problem?) and find all kinds of excuses to delay any form of sex.

Lauren and I commiserated that day in the park, and continued our conversation as we walked around the lake. We stopped at one point as she's gotten a small pebble lodged in her shoe, and when it was removed and shoe tied she arose, hugged me, and then planted a sweet long kiss on me. 

It was an electrifying kiss. The girl I lusted for kissed me and sent shivers throughout my body as I held her close. After a bit she reached down and felt by crotch, finding a hard cock pulsating in my pants. 

"What have we here?' she asked.

"Oh, something popped up with that kiss," was my reply. 

Looking around I saw an opening in some tall bushes and I led her behind them. 

There, we fell into a lover's embrace and kissed while sliding hands all over each other's bodies. 

"We shouldn't," said the girl. 

"No, we should stop."

But neither moved away from the embrace. Things actually got hotter when I grabbed her ass while she rubbed my dick, slipping down my zipper and slipping out my mean. 

"What have we here? He likes me, doesn't me."

"Oh yes, Lauren, you are so very sexy."

She smiled at me, looking down at my cock as it protruded from my pants. "If he liked it before, he will really like this..."

Lauren cleared some leaves and then tantalizingly slipped down to her knees and stroked my dick. Along the way she licked it a little before opening her mouth to begin a very slow blow job. Her head bobbed on my cock as I caressed her head. It was incredible. I loved the way she sucked me off, so hot, so nice, so sexy, so wonderful.

I couldn't help myself. I wanted her to continue, but I wanted something else. Lifting her I kissed her and slipped down her running suit. 

"Hold on to the tree," was my demand. She compiled, offering me a great view of her ass. She spread her legs and I saw her pussy peeking out and hunkered down, sliding my cock up and down her wet snatch before sliding right in. Incredible.

We rocked together moaning and groaning to the sensations. It wasn't long before she whispered back, "cum in me, cum in me now". I followed with several quick rocking motions before shooting me cum into her quivering pussy. Damn.

"Oh Rob, you made me cum! So hard, so fast. That was awesome," said the married lady. Damn, spontaneous sex in the park. Amazing. 

We nearly were caught as we heard voices and quickly got presentable but as we walked out a couple teenagers saw us and smiled. One of the guys said "We know what you were doing!" and laughed at our discomfort. 

It was embarrassing but oh so hot. We spent the rest of our walk holding hands and luxuriating in the feelings of our encounter. We talked about wanting to do it again, but carefully, not wanting to get caught, especially by our spouses. We both loved our partners, but we agreed that we really didn't want it to be a one-time thing.

While excited and in lust was one thing, the every day reality of being married to others with responsibilities and such made it all mind boggling. 

The following week at work we lunched together as always, adding a little innuendo into our discussions, but being appropriate. Nothing was said of our coupling until late in the week when I admitted to her that Shannon had jerked me off the night before. 

"Hey, that's fine, she's your wife!" said the girl, smiling while giving me the naughty naughty look.

Nodding, I agreed, explain, "Yes, I know, but I thought of you rather than her. I came fast!"

We laughed at the irony of me struggling to cum when Shannon jerked me off... except when I was thinking about Lauren.

Thursday, she asked if I could give her a ride from the car dealership where she was dropping off her car in the morning for service to the office and then back at night. Of course, I could. I didn't think any thing of it, nor did I anticipate anything other than a kiss for a tip.

After work we drove most of the way over dealership. Nearly there, she directed me down a side road which dead-ended at the back of a waste dump. She directed me to park, and then unzipped my pants and without any fanfare stroked me for a minute before she lowered her head to my cock. 

Damn, I was amazed and honored and horny. 

She slowly sucked for a couple minutes before saying "The other time I didn't get a chance to finish. So, cum in my mouth...as soon as you can. Let me taste you."

Damn. I was rock hard as the girl worked my married dick. She licked and nibbled and sucked all over my cock and balls before concentrating on the tip. She worked her tongue over the tip while jerking the stem, making me quiver in the driver's seat. Damn it was hot. Reminded me of high school and various girls who'd worked my bone. Okay, only three of them, but still it was a great reminder. 

Lauren worked my dick and soon I was moaning that I was going to cum. She didn't miss a beat, sucking me off in the car as I bounced up and down in my seat. I warned her I was going to cum, but she kept an O ring around my dick and I shot off into her mouth and just kept swallowing and sucking. Exhausted, I begged for her to stop but she kept going and savoring my dick.

Finally, she looked up and asked, "Was that okay?" She had swallowed, but a couple droplets were on her cheek. 

It was incredible.

She slipped back up and kissed me.

After a bit of spit swapping she smiled and said I'd passed the test.

"Test?" I asked.

"Yup, my college roommate gave me instructions years ago. If a guy doesn't kiss after a blow job he doesn't deserve more of them. You passed, so I guess you will have to suffer through more down the road."

Laughing out loud, I said it was the best kiss I'd had in ages. And I'd always kiss her after a blow job if that was what she wanted.

Dropping her off later after holding her hand all the way there I realized she was very special and while I knew it was oh so very wrong to cheat on our spouses it was oh so right.

We were very careful as not to create suspicions about us at work. We'd sit with other friends at lunch, or try and not look as if anything was going on. We'd refrain from touchy feely situations, and were just two friends in public.

We did get together on a couple weekends while working on a project. On one such occasion after the utility man left the floor we retreated into a small conference room and locked the door.

There, quietly, we kissed and made out for a few minutes before she directed me to lick her pussy. I did, and oh how hot we got. Especially considering the location. 

She asked if I could be very quiet, and I said I'd try. Smiling, she looked me up and down and asked that I drop my pants...that she had a place to put my dick. She proceeded to bend over the desk, offering up a beautiful sight to my eyes. Her panties were tight around her ass. Soon they were slipped down, and I could see and fondle her fabulous ass, and reach down between her legs to find a soaking wet pussy.

Soon I was slipping my cock up and down her wetness and then inserting my dick into her pussy from behind. She was on her elbows and couldn't move a lot but that didn't bother me in the least as I rocked in and out of her snatch and enjoyed the wet sensations. My rocking led to her moaning below me and that spurred me on faster and faster.

It wasn't long before I was muttering about having to cum, and she shooed me away and slipped down to her knees and took by bulging cock into her mouth and sucked it had. Nearly immediately I spewed out ropes and ropes of cum into her sucking mouth, nearly collapsing on her as the act was completed. 

She kept sucking after I'd shot my load, and I loved looking at her sucking mouth as a smile appeared around her lips. "Did you like that," said the woman? 

"OMG yes," was my simple reply. 

Naughty of course and very nice. We held each other for a couple minutes before tidying up and slipping back to our cubicles. Good thing, as that utility guy soon made his re-entrance. We laughed while on our way to our cars later that a couple minutes in the wrong direction could have been disastrous for us! 

No question this was cheating. No question we were upending our vows. But it was so exciting and satisfying. A pleasure package that was amazing. 

We talked about our spouses, and neither one of us wanted an end to our marriage, but we couldn't bear the thought of not having our own special "thing". 

Lauren was insistent that we were "just friends, close friends." I agreed, and we made a pledge to be careful, and we each agreed to treat our spouses with love and affection. It was a difficult chore, but oh so very hot.