 THE DISCOVERY

Walt woke up early on Saturday morning and looked at the shapely naked young woman lying next to him. Suzette had a slim shapely figure with great legs and a flat belly. Her breasts were adequate as they filled his hands when he fondled them. She had a nice curvy bottom but she was not at all into anal sex. She was sound asleep and he eased his body out of his bed and went to the bathroom. After relieving himself, he returned to the bedroom and dressed in his exercise clothes. Suzette opened her eyes and spotted him getting dressed.

"Where are you going?"

"I'm going to jog over to the Y and workout. I'll be back in a couple of hours."

"What time is it?"

"It's 6:00 AM."

"Ohhh, you're unbelievable. I can hardly move."

"Relax, stay in bed."

That said, he kissed her on the cheek and headed out of his very modest house. Suzette, moaned again and rolled onto her belly. There was a good reason for her being tired as they had had sex for hours the night before. The Y was two miles away and it was a good way to get the blood flowing by jogging over there. He would then work out for about 90 minutes and then jog back home.

That morning when he returned home, he found Suzette still in bed. After a quick shower he rejoined her in the sack. Her hand immediately sought out his impressive cock which hardened instantly. He liked having sex with her as she was a passionate lover who really got her rocks off. He slipped between her legs and buried his 7+" cock in her pussy. Within minutes she was ready to cum again.

"Oh my, this is going to be another quick one." 

She no sooner got the words out of her mouth just before she exploded. Her arms and legs wrapped around Walt's muscular frame and held him tight as she climaxed. It was another intense orgasm and she buried her face in his shoulder to muffle her cries of ecstasy. He held still momentarily and felt her juices surround his cock. Once she seemed to recover slowly, he resumed fucking her in search of his release. The sensations around her clit were too much for her and she needed a break.

"Let me turn over, I can't handle the contact on my clit."

Walt pulled out and she rolled over on her belly. He lifted by her hips and re-entered her pussy. Suzette had he head down of the mattress with it turned to one side. There was a dreamy look of sexual content on her face. He liked fucking her doggy style and caressing her curvy buttocks as he watched his cock slide in and out. He was in no rush to cum as he liked her in that position and he enjoyed fondling her bottom. They're coupling was interrupted when the doorbell rang but Walt continued on as he wanted to cum. The doorbell rang again and then there was loud knocking on the door. Next a female voice yelled through the door, a voice all too familiar. 

"Walt, it's me Cathleen. Open up, I know you're at home."

"Shit it's Cathleen?"

"Who?"

"Cathleen, my admin assistant."

"Cathleen from the office."

"Yes, silly from the office. I have to answer the door."

"Why is she here?" What should I do?"

"I don't know why she is here today. Pick up your clothes and go in the other bedroom. Close the door and duck down on the other side of the bed, just in case."

Suzette gathered up her clothes, shoes and purse and went into the guest bedroom. Walt took a minute to wash his dick and wrapped a towel around his waist. He opened the door and saw his assistant waiting impatiently. She walked by him abruptly and entered his house.

"It took you long enough."

"I just got back from working out and I was about to take a shower. What's up?"

"Nothing yet but your cock will be shortly if I have anything to say about it."

Cathleen was wearing a light blue tube top without a bra. She really didn't need one for her very small breasts. She was also wearing very tight white shorts that showed off her shapely muscular legs and her magnificent ass. It was the most perfect derriere ever. It was round, firm, plump and it was an amazing protrusion. The best of all was that she liked anal sex as much as Walt and she loved feeling his big thick cock in her rectum.

"So, why the visit today? Where's Jerry?"

"I haven't a fucking clue where he is. He didn't come home last night. He was probably out drinking and doing coke with his cronies. I bet he was sticking his little dick in the chubby office slut again."

"Sorry to hear that. What can I do?"

"You can take me to bed and stick your big dick in my ass. First take care of my pussy, I need to cum."

Cathleen walked straight back to the bedroom and Walt admired her ass in the tight shorts. He loved her ass and he never tired of fucking it. They had been having a discreet affair for nearly three years. That would change that day as Suzette, crouched down behind the bed in the other bedroom, could hear every word. Cathleen entered the bedroom and stripped. Looking at the bed it was obvious that Walt had company the night before.

"Looks like you had a date last night. It still smells like sex in here. That's good it gets me in the mood"

"You're always in the mood."

"Right you are. Now get over here and let me suck that marvelous cock."

Cathleen was a fantastic cock sucker and she loved taking his load in her mouth when they were in his office. In the bedroom, however, she sucked cock because it got her hot and then she wanted to be fucked. That was the case that morning. She sucked his cock until she need it in her pussy. She liked to be on top and ride him.

"Okay, sucking cock got me hot. I need to sit on your dick."

Suzette was going crazy in the other room listening to every word. She was dying to take a peek and see them in action but she didn't dare at the risk of being caught. Cathleen obviously did not know that Suzette was in the house. She had no idea that Walt was fucking his assistant or for how long. The next sounds she heard were those from Cathleen's orgasm.

"Oh, here it is. I'm cumming. Hold me. Hold onto me. Agh yes, yes, yes!"

Cathleen's orgasms were always intense and vocal. Walt held to her as her body quaked. Then he slid his hands down to her marvelous ass. He fondled the two glorious hillocks and toyed with her anus. She recovered slowly and she liked the anal foreplay.

"Are you ready for my ass?"

"I'm always ready for your ass. You have the most beautiful ass I have ever seen and fucked."

"Get the lube."

Walt retrieved the lube from the nightstand drawer and she got on all fours. He applied an ample amount to her anus and fingered her with one and then two fingers. The index and middle fingers were in her bottom with the ring and little finger in her pussy. She loved his fingers in both places at the same time. Finally, he could wait no longer and eased his cock into her receptive ass. 

As always, he caressed the shapely buns as he fucked her slowly. He savored every minute in her ass and loved watching his thick dick slide in and out. Walt always tried to last as long as possible before cumming in her but that day it happened quickly. Between his almost cumming with Suzette and Cathleen's incredible ass, he ejaculated quicker than he hoped.

"Here it goes, I'm cumming."

"Oh good, give it to me, cum in my ass."

Hearing those words, Suzette just had to see the action for herself. She quietly opened the other bedroom door and peeked around the jam. Walt and Cathleen were facing the other way in his bed so she could watch without being detected. She could not see the penetration but could tell from the movements that they were butt fucking. Suzette was amazed that Cathleen could take the large cock in her ass and not only that but beg for it. As the bodies slowed down, Suzette ducked back in the other bedroom. 

"Wow, that is some load. My ass is full. Your date must have left early last night for you to cum like that."

"Your hot ass has something to do with that. I love cumming in it."

"Can I use your shower? I should get going soon."

"Sure, I'll get you a clean towel. Do you want anything to drink before you take off?"

"No, just a bottle of water to take with me."

Minutes later, Cathleen was dressed and headed out the front door with a bottle of water. They never kissed when they had sex or when they greeted each other. She waved goodbye and said she would see him Monday. Walt closed the front door, leaned against it and sighed. Now he had to face Suzette. She came out of the other bedroom naked.

"Let's go back to bed. I'll tell you about Cathleen but first I'm going to wash up a bit."

She was pleased that he thought to wash before having sex with her again. Walt smiled, nodded and headed for the bathroom. Even though Cathleen always kept her ass super clean, he washed his pecker and his hands before returning to the bedroom. Suzette was on her back in all her naked beauty with her arms outstretched to receive him. He nestled between her legs and his cock found its way back into her pussy. They made love slowly until they both orgasmed and then they cuddled together. It had been quite a morning and Suzette would soon learn more about Walt and Cathleen.

BACKGROUND

Cathleen had been Walt's Administrative Assistant for the past five years. Their affair began nearly three years ago. It had not been planned but one evening they had both drank a lot and they were both horny. After that first night they eased into it and became passionate lovers. Cathleen was not a beautiful woman but at age 36, she was fit and somewhat attractive. She had small breasts that were more like mounds on her chest, firm muscular shapely legs from hours of aerobics, an ass that was unreal as it was so perfect and protruded out from her legs and lower back. 

Walt was a handsome young executive of 35 years. He loved recreational sports and he worked out at the gym nearly every day. He was 6'2" and weighed a fit 190 pounds. Looking at him and Cathleen, one would never suspect that they were lovers. However, she was a dynamo in the sack and did it all. She loved sucking his cock and riding it as it filled her pussy. They both liked anal sex and he loved putting it in her incredible bottom.

They had sex in the office, hotel rooms, a romantic interlude and even the car occasionally. In the office it was oral sex and mutual masturbation. Vaginal and anal sex was reserved for the hotel and romantic interlude. A couple of times they had anal sex in his car and that was wild. It was only the last couple of months that they had sex at his house. She had only been there twice until that morning when he was with Suzette.

Cathleen and Suzette were friends at the office and they both went to the same aerobics class. They always changed at the office before heading to the fitness center. Walt noticed Suzette one day and thought she had a cute figure. She always wore conservative clothes to work, so he never knew about her slender curvy body. He happened to mention it to Cathleen who mentioned it to Suzette.

One evening Walt and Cathleen stopped for a drink after work and Cathleen invited Suzette to join them. The three got along well and Suzette, although shy, was comfortable in Walt's presence. She was 28 years old but relatively inexperienced with sex. At one point when Cathleen was in the lady's room, Suzette asked Walt about his comment.

"Cathleen told me that you said I had a cute figure."

"Yes, the day you were at her desk in your aerobic outfit. I noticed you. Normally when you stop by you always wear full-length dresses or skirts."

"I get nervous wearing tight or revealing clothes."

"Well you shouldn't, you have a nice figure and you should feel good about it."

She blushed and then the topic changed as Cathleen returned. Suzette was not a looker but she was cute in a certain way. Her face had a mousey look to it and she wore large glasses. She looked much better without the eyeglasses. At 5'6" she weighed just over 100 pounds with the bumps in the right places, small firm breasts and a nice round bottom. After that evening, she joined Walt and Cathleen occasionally when they stopped for drinks. She was taken with him but never thought he would ever be attracted to her.

Weeks later at the office Suzette stopped by to see Cathleen. Walt was there alone as Cathleen had left early. He looked at Suzette dressed in her frumpy full length blue dress. She was also wearing blue pantyhose and the outfit made her look like of old maid. He took her by the hand, led her into his office and closed and locked the door. Suzette blushed as she was nervous being in his office.

"Let's have another look at your cute figure," he whispered as he lifted her dress up.

Suzette panicked and grabbed his hands, "What are you doing?" she whispered harshly.

"I want to see your cute figure. Now just relax."

He pushed her dress up to her waist and looked at her shapely legs and curvy bottom in the pantyhose. Suzette was beat red and she was trying to push her dress back down but Walt was too strong. With one hand he caressed her buttocks and she thought she would cry out. He continued to stroke her legs and bottom and she was getting excited.

"Here, hold your dress up for me."

As if under a spell, she did what he told her. She held her dress up to her waist as he now used both hands to fondle her. A million thoughts flew her mind; she should stop him and leave; what if someone came in, what was he going to do? He hooked his fingers in the hose and pulled them down to her knees before she could react.

"No, don't do that. You can't take off my hose."

He didn't answer but quickly pulled her panties down and bared her pussy. She reached for her panties releasing the dress which covered his head. His hands grabbed her buttocks firmly and then she felt his mouth on her pussy. She thought, "Oh my God, he is going to do me right here."

She liked to have her pussy eaten but it hadn't happened that many times. Walt knew his way around a woman's treasure and he was very good lover. He felt Suzette tremble so he got up and guided her to a side chair. He had her sit down and he pushed her dress back up to her waist. Next, he pulled the hose and panties down to her ankles. He didn't take them off but he was able to get his head between her legs which now rested on his shoulders. Moving his head to her womb, he went back to work on her pussy.

She had her head back with her eyes closed as he worked her toward her climax. It was like a fantasy for her to be receiving oral sex in an office. Her orgasm approached and her reaction was to grab his head and hold it to her pussy. She thought she would scream so she used one arm to cover her mouth and it was good that she did. Cries of pleasure were muffled in the crook of her elbow. Her juices flowed and coated his face but he remained attached to her womb. 

Suzette slowly recovered and he stood up and smiled at her. She could see her juices on his face and momentarily forgot that her pussy was still on display. Realizing how she looked with her hose and panties around her ankles, she blushed and quickly pulled them up. She didn't know what to say or what to do. Was she expected to satisfy him now? He answered that question for her.

"That's enough for today. I hope you liked that."

"Is there something I should do now?"

"No, don't worry about me this time. I have a date tonight so I'm fine. Maybe we can get together some evening."

"I think that I would like that."

"Good, let's stop for a drink this Friday after work."

"Okay, I don't have any plans."

Walt opened the office door and she sheepishly left. As she walked back to her cubicle, she blushed all the way. She felt that everyone knew what had happened in Walt's office. However, no one knew just as no one knew about him and Cathleen. Walt used the wet wipes to wash his face and then he got ready to leave for the day. Cathleen had left earlier and she would have everything ready at the romantic interlude. He was looking forward to fucking that marvelous ass again. 

A DATE WITH SUZETTE

Walt and Cathleen never stopped after work on a Friday. He took Suzette to a lounge away from the normal watering hole. It was more upscale and elegant. She looked out of place with her conservative attire but Walt seemed unconcerned. After a few drinks and appetizers, he invited her to his house. She accepted immediately but asked if she could stop by her apartment and pick up some clothes and personal items. He gave her his address and said he would meet her at the house.

She arrived about a half hour after he did which gave him time to tidy up a bit and change out of his business attire. They sat on the sofa and she kicked off her shoes. She was about to say something when he took her into his arms and kissed her. Suzette tensed up at first and then relaxed. She kissed him back and her tongue danced with his when it entered her mouth. She was not that experienced in sex and she was a little self-conscious.

It felt good to have his hands on her breasts as he kissed her. He removed her blouse; bra and her naked breasts were in his hands as they kissed. It felt so good to her. Walt caressed Suzette's tits and tweaked her nipples with his finger. She moaned and groaned in his mouth in response to the foreplay. He moved his mouth to her tits and sucked gently on her nipples and placed loving kisses all over her breasts. Suzette threw her head back and rested in on the back of the sofa.

He removed the rest of her clothes and kissed his way down her body. His head moved to her womb and she quickly recalled how good it was the first time he ate her pussy. Suzette cradled his head in her hands and guided it to her vulva. He placed her thighs on her shoulders and dipped his tongue into her pussy. He moved his hands up around her legs and found her tits. He then began to lick and suck on her pussy as he gently fondled her medium sized breasts and tweaked her erect nipples. Suzette had her head back and her eyes closed as she savored every moment of the skilled oral love making. She felt her climax building in her body and she knew that she was on the verge of a massive orgasm. She tried to think of ways to delay it as she wanted the foreplay to last forever but she was too far gone. 

"Oh God, oh God, this is going to be a quick one."

He fastened his mouth to her pussy as he prepared to stay with her throughout her climax. She screamed and grabbed his head, first to hold it tight and then to push it away as her crescendo rocked her body. But she could not push his head away and he kept at her pussy as she had one orgasm after the other. She drenched his face with her female nectar and her body trembled as chills ran through her. He kept right on eating her after she had cum and the sensation became too intense for her. She was not strong enough to push his head away so she begged him to stop eating her pussy.

"Walt, please stop. I can't cum anymore. Please I can't take anymore!"

He stopped and then he stood up leaving her to recover on the sofa. He took off all his clothes and then returned to her. He picked her up his arms and carried her to the bed. She felt his erect cock brush against her body as he lifted her off the sofa. He gently placed her on the bed in his bedroom and then he moved between her legs. She looked at his big erect cock for the first time as it stood out from his body. He eased his cock into her pussy and she wrapped her arms and legs around his body. It felt so good to be filled with a cock again and she had never felt this full. It had been months since she had a date and longer since she had sex. He took his time fucking her although he was so turned on that he came quickly. She felt cum shoot into her womb and it had been a very long while since she felt that much of it surge into her. 

He remained hard after he ejaculated and continued to fuck her. Now he could pace himself and bring her pleasure as he wanted this to be a moment that she wouldn't soon forget. He fucked her keeping his cock in constant contact with her clit and she seemed to have a string of orgasms before he came a second time. Suzette was exhausted and sated. She couldn't remember ever being fucked like that and cumming so many times. They lay in each other's arms and there was no doubt that she was staying the might. What she did not know is that she would not be leaving until Sunday evening.
