 My niece plays softball in a little league that is sponsored by the city we live in. Her coach, Kristen (not her real name), is really the only fun thing about the games. 

Kristen was on the thick side. She had sort of a chunky face that she usually packed make-up onto, and pouty lips that are the same dark-red color as her long, curly hair. She's not what I would call a classic beauty but she is definitely "doable." And if I had to guess, I'd say that she was probably in her early to mid-30's. 

Kristen also gave off the vibe that when she is off the field, she's wild as fuck. In fact, I'd wager that when her daughter is not around (she's on the team too), Kristen probably spends a good bit of time drinking, partying and spreading her legs for the guy, or girl, she brought home from the club that night. 

That's not what stands out about Kristen though... What stands out about Kristen are her huge, pendulous tits! They are glorious, even when shrouded by her loses shirts that she's forced to wear. If I had to guess their size, I'd probably put them in the F, or G range. They're big... And I imagine that they probably sag quite a bit when they are not encased by bras that I'm sure are specially made. I don't really care though. Saggy tits are not something that I'd particularly concern myself with if I had my lubed cock stuffed between them. 

One day, after practice ended, Kristen approached me. She said that she thought that it was really nice of me to step up and take my niece to her games like I do. I told her that it was my pleasure, and that she shouldn't have to miss out on these kinds of things because her dad is a deadbeat and her mom works so hard. She smiled at me and said again how nice of me it was. 

There was a pregnant pause that lasted for about ten seconds probably, and I stole a glance at her chest while she contemplated what she was about to say. 'Thank God for sunglasses,' I thought to myself. 

"I know that this is kind of forward but...I don't have my daughter tonight so...if you don't have your niece tonight, how would you like to come over to my place and have a few drinks with me?"

I was a little taken aback by her question, but I wasn't going to squander the opportunity. "Sure," I told her. "What time do you want me over?"

"Does 7 o'clock sound ok," she asked. A smile crept across her face that said it would definitely be worth my while if I said yes. 

"Seven sounds good. Do you want me to bring anything? Food? Beer?"

"Beer's fine...Or liquor if you really wanna have a party." I got the feeling that if she didn't have sunglasses on, I would've seen her wink at me.

"Okie dokie," I said, regretting that choice of words immediately. "I'll see you at seven!"

She pulled out a piece of paper and a pen from her purse and wrote down her cell number and her address. She handed it to me and said with a smile in her voice, "Looking forward to seeing you at seven sweetie."

I walked away from her, and the ball field sweaty, horny, and eager for 7o'clock. I had no idea what was going to happen; or even if anything was going to happen at all. It was a change of pace though; an outing (or inning, I guess would've been the correct term) with someone that wasn't family. 

It was 6:55 when I pulled into her neighborhood. Small brick houses built back in the fifties lined the streets. Small yards, some manicured, some not, greeted each curb of the narrow streets. They were houses owned by people who were either just starting out, or about to die. 

I muttered to myself the address over and over, hoping that I wouldn't forget it; even though the paper with her address and phone number sat safely on my dash. I pulled onto her street, Clemson Avenue, and I started to look at each house for the set of numbers that I was mumbling to myself. When I finally saw them, my heart skipped a beat. 

When I pulled up to her home, I was not surprised by the shape that it was in. The yard had toys strewn all over it, and the grass definitely needed a good cutting. There were some weeds in the flower bed but all in all it was a house that looked like it belonged to a single mother that probably didn't make a lot of money. 

The house itself was small, maybe a thousand or so square feet. It was red brick like the rest, and it had white shudders. There was a small porch with three white, plastic lawn chairs on it. A large black ashtray sat on the railing of the porch and it was full of butts from light cigarettes. 

Before I got out of the car, I made sure that I had the right house. "515," I said aloud. This must be the place. I shut the car engine off and I grabbed the two bags I had in the passenger seat. One bag contained a bottle of bourbon and a bottle of vodka; the other: a six pack of my favorite beer. 'I hope that she has something to mix this liquor with,' I thought to myself as I walked up to the door. 

I nervously jumped up the three steps, onto the porch and I was startled by the sudden flash of the porch light coming on. I heard the click of a lock, and then a door knob twist. It swung open and Kristen's short, voluptuous silhouette stood behind the storm door. 

"Come in," she said excitedly and I obliged. She opened the storm door to let me in and I walked through the threshold and into her small home. 

The first room I walked into was the living room. It was small, and there were pictures of her kid all over the eggshell-colored walls. The living room floor was hardwood, and the sound of clicking heels caught my attention. I looked over to Kristen, and my eyes nearly bugged out of the sockets due to the sight before them. 

Gone were Kristen's usual baggy softball team shirt and loose-fitting "mom jeans." Gone were the sensible sneakers and the dark sunglasses. And gone was any inclination for Kristen to hide her assets from judgmental moms and ogling dads. In front of him now was a woman who was showing off more assets than a dealer at an estate sale. 

She was wearing a jean skirt that came up to her mid-thigh. Her shaved, tan legs were bare to my eyes and the red leather heels she was wearing put her up to about 5'05; five inches taller than she usually was. She swung around, and her long, dyed red hair swung freely. She turned her back to me and told me to come in and make myself at home. I did as I was told while admiring her ass which was definitely not the most impressive feature she possessed, but it was still quite enjoyable. 

I followed her, asking her where she wanted me to sit the two bags that I had brought with me. 

"What did you bring," she asked.

"Vodka, Bourbon and beer," I replied.

"Ok, well... Ummm... Let's just take it to the kitchen and then we can put it in there."

"Sounds good to me."

She exaggerated the shimmy of her hips, which accentuated the curvature of her ass in the tight jean skirt. Her movements were made even sexier by the red heels that forced her to saunter instead of walk. I watched, slowly becoming more and more hypnotized by the sexy sway of her lower half. I prayed silently to the gods that I could see her in just only the heels. 

"Just sit them on the table," she said, switching the light on and turning around to point out the small, two-person table in the corner of an even smaller kitchen. I walked past her and gently sat the bags on the table and then asked if she wanted a drink. 

"I already have one sweetie, but I'd be glad to make you one if you'd like," she said with a tone that could have been mistaken for seductive. 

"Um, actually just one of my beers would be fine," I said, trying not to sound too nervous.

"Ok. One beer it is. Would you like it in a glass? I've got chilled mugs in the freezer," she said, pointing a long finger to the fridge. Her fingernails were painted the same red color as her shirt and heels. 

"A mug is fine," I said.

She grabbed a beer from the bag and popped the top with a bottle opener. She walked over to the fridge and pulled a 16oz. mug from the freezer. It was clouded by frost so when she poured the dark lager into the glass it looked almost opaque. She got closer to me than she needed to and handed me the ice cold glass. The distinct smell of lilacs entered my nostrils. 'Must be her perfume,' I thought. 

I thanked her for the drink and then my eyes uncontrollably made their way down to her cleavage which was on full display to my more than thankful eyes. Quickly I looked back up and we made eye contact. There was a smile on her face that told me immediately that she had caught me. 

"It's ok," she said. "You can look. I didn't wear this shirt just to see how many times I can catch you stealing glances of my tits."

"Sorry," I said habitually.

It's ok. Most guys and girls can't help but look, especially if I'm wearing a low cut shirt." 

"Well...It is pretty low cut," I said, looking back down and the cherry red halter top that she was wearing. It was tied in the back, and roughly five inches of cleavage were exposed in the front. I had a suspicion that maybe, just maybe, she had planned this; and since she said it was ok for me to look; I did. 

Like I said earlier, her tits are huge; I mean really huge. And the halter top she was wearing exposed more of her glorious orbs than I had ever seen. They were obviously not encumbered by a bra, and they seemed to only sag a little, which surprised me. 

"Would you like to go back into the living room," she asked, and I abruptly took my eyes from her chest. 

"Yeah, that's fine," I said, and I followed her once more back into the living room, and once more my glances fell to her ass. 

She sat on the edge of the dark blue, plush couch, making sure to keep her legs together. I stood for a moment and looked at her. She smiled and said, "You can sit next to me if you'd like." 

"Thank you," I said in a nervous tone. I grabbed a coaster from the coffee table, placed my beer on it and placed it next to her drink, which also sat on a coaster. I guessed her drink to be either a bourbon or a scotch. I hoped bourbon so the bottle that I bought would not go to waste. I sat next to her, keeping maybe two or three inches between us. 

"So," she said, "Did you find the place ok?"

"Yeah," I replied. "It's not too far from where I live actually."

"Oh ok," she said. "So if I need some sugar I can just come to your house and get some?"

"You can come to my house for anything you want," I said, trying to sound confident. It must've worked because she smiled at me. 

"Anything huh?" 

"Yep," I replied reaching for my beer. The Valium that I had taken was kicking in so I was starting to get just a little more relaxed. 

"I'm gonna hold you to that."

"You can hold anything of mine you want."

She laughed, and then there was a silence between us. I hoped that I hadn't gone too far. I looked at her tits again; and she caught me again. She smiled and I blushed. She said again that it was ok. She asked if it would be better if she just took her shirt off and I nearly spit out the beer that I had had in my mouth. 

"It's your house," I said. 

"You're gonna have to wait a little longer before I do that stud," she said jokingly before leaning towards the coffee table to grab her beverage. She took a sip of it and put it back. 

"So, what do you do for a living," she asked, pulling the reigns of tension back just a little. 

"Well, I'm a writer actually...or rather, I'm trying to become a writer." I took a sip of my beer and continued. "I saved a shit-ton of money at my old job and when I finally got tired of the place, I told my boss that I was going to take a leave of absence so I could work on my novel."

"What'd she say?"

"Nothing... She laughed, said "ok," and then told me to make sure that I let Human Resources know."

"Wow, she kinda sounds like a real bitch."

"You have no idea," I said, putting my beer back on the coaster.

Kristen took another sip of her drink and put it back on the coaster. "So what is your novel about?"

I got quiet, and I wasn't sure of exactly what to say to her. "Well," I said, stalling to figure out what I was going to say, "I haven't really started on my novel."

"Then what have you been doing?"

"Mostly I've just been writing sex stories and selling them to websites, and not for very much to be honest." 

I emptied my beer, and waited for her to laugh at me. 

"Sex stories, huh? What kind of sex stories?"

My face got warmer, and I looked at my empty beer glass. 

"Would you like to get another," she asked with mercy in her voice.

"Yes, please," I replied. 

She took my glass from the coffee table and came back way too soon with a full glass of beer. She sat back down next to me; a little closer this time and asked, "So, what kind of sex stories do you write?"

In spite of the beer and the Valium, I was still nervous about telling her what I wrote about. "Well, I kind of have a thing for...thicker women...and they are usually the type of women that I write about."

"Thicker women," she asked. "What do you mean by "thick,"" she asked. There was a knowing smile on her face.

"Thick as in big tits and a big ass; curvy, voluptuous... That's the type of woman that turns me on to be honest. I just like women with big tits and a fat ass..." I stopped abruptly, realizing that I was rambling, and she looked at me. She was still smiling. 

"Well I meet at least one of those criteria," she said, shaking her chest. "Don't ya' think? Then again, I think I have a pretty nice ass too."

"I'd say that you've easily met both of those criteria!"

"Why thank you," she said confidently. "But you still haven't told me what types of stories you write; just the types of women that they involve."

"I don't know," I said.

"What do you mean, "You don't know?" You're the one that writes them."

I took a deep breath. "Well, I write stories about thick women wearing lingerie, stockings and heels specifically. And in these stories, a man like me does dirty things to them." 

"Sounds interesting," she said. She shifted a little in her seat, and moved a little closer to me. 

"Meh. I guess... Like I said I don't get paid much to write them. I've got a pretty decent rating though on most of the sex sites that I post on."

"Well, that's good." She downed her drink and sat it back on the coffee table. 

"Want me to get you another one," I asked. 

"No thank you. I will get another in a few," she replied, thanking me with a smile. 

So what about you," I asked her while continuing to nurse my beer. What do you do when you're not coaching softball?" 

"Maybe I should go ahead and make that drink now." She jumped up off of the couch and walked towards the kitchen. 

I followed her, and while admiring her ass for a third time I said, "Come on! It can't be as embarrassing as writing sex stories about curvy women." 

She filled her glass with the open bottle of bourbon that was not the one that I brought, raised her eyebrows and cocked her head. "Believe it or not, what I do is worse." 

"You can tell me; I promise I won't judge. What does Kristen do when she's not on the softball field? Inquiring minds want to know." 

"Ok, but you promise you won't judge me?" 

"Yes, I promise!" 

Kristen took in a deep breath. "I'm a camgirl," she said, taking a large gulp of her drink. 

"A camgirl? Really," I asked with shock evident in my voice. 

"Yep..." I took a pull from my beer and said, "I gotta tell you Kristen... That's pretty hot!" 

"Thank you sweetie. It's not the most glamorous job in the world but it pays the bills, and sometimes it can be fun." 

"So umm... Do you think it'd be weird if you told me what site you were on? I'd love to see a show!" 

"I'll give it to you but there's just one issue," she mused, downing the last of her second drink. 

"Oh yeah? What's that," I asked, hoping I didn't offend her. 

"Why would you want to pay to see me on cam when I can just give you a show for free right here and right now?" She didn't bother waiting for me to answer. Instead she took my beer mug out of my hand and straddled me on the couch. Our lips met and we made out. Her lips were soft, and her tongue quickly invaded my mouth. She pulled away and asked, "Wanna go to the bedroom?" 

"Fuck yes," I replied, and she got off of me, grabbed me by the hand and led me to her bedroom. She pulled to the room quickly and when we reached it, there was no doubt whatsoever in my mind that she was a camgirl. 

Her bedroom was about the size of her living room. The walls were painted a deep blue and a king-sized bed sat in the center of it. In front of the bed was a computer desk with high-end desktop computer and camera system. A camera remote and a mouse sat on top of the dark red comforter. 

"Get on the bed," she said. 

I complied and sat down on the soft pillow-top mattress. She walked in front of me, heels still clicking, got down on her knees and reached for my belt. After she undid it, she reached for the tie that kept her halter top on and peeled the knot free. The garment fell from her neck, exposing more of her tits, but not enough of them for me to see her nipples. 

Kristen had managed to unbuckle my belt and unbutton my pants in record time. She told me to lift up and I did. She pulled my pants and my boxers down in one swift motion, and my hard, 7 1/2 inch cock plopped down onto my flat stomach. 

"You have such a nice cock," Kristen said, taking it into her right hand and stroking it gently. "I bet my fans would love to watch me suck you off and fuck you." 

"That would be awesome," I said, enjoying the sensation of her hand on my engorged shaft. 

"I like that you keep you balls shaved too!" She leaned forward and licked from ball sack to shaft. A shiver of pleasure went through me, and my hips instinctively thrust in an upward motion. 

She pulled back and put her hands on her cloth-covered tits. "I bet you'd like to see these, wouldn't you?" She shook her breasts back and forth and shot me a devious smile. 

"God yes," I said. 

"I bet you wanna know how big they are too, huh?" 

"Yes," I said again, my tone now desperate. "Please let me see them." 

"Why don't you get the rest of your clothes off and then get comfy on the bed?" 

"Yes ma'am," I said, pulling my shirt over my head, and my pants off my legs. Kristen got off of her knees and stood in front of me. She grabbed the hem of her halter top and began to teasingly pull it upwards. "You wanna see these big, G cup tits? Watch them bounce up and down while I ride your fat cock? And watch your cum spill out of my mouth and onto them?" 

"Yes to all of that! Please," I said, getting so turned on that precum was now freely oozing from the tip of my cock. 

She lifted to halter top over her head and threw it onto the floor. 

Her tits were gorgeous! They sagged somewhat, and they were capped with light pink areolas that I would barely be able to cover with the palms of my hands. Her nipples were large, hard, and begging to be sucked. 

"Like what you see," she asked. 

"Oh my god yes!" 

"Wanna see more?" 

"Please," I begged. 

Her stomach covered the button of her jean skirt just a little so she had to suck it in to unbutton it. When she did though, she quickly pulled down the zipper, and the skirt fell to the floor. A red thong and her red heels were the only articles of clothing on her. 

"Should I keep going?" "Yes," was all I could manage. 

She grabbed at the thin strings and pulled them down, bending at the waist and causing her pendulous tits to hang down. When she stood back up straight, I got a glimpse of Kristen's hairless pussy. It glistened with her juices and her plump cunt lips were swollen. 

"I hope you don't mind a shaved pussy," she said, smiling at me. 

"Not at all," I replied, "Not at all!" 
