 5

As Bret got out of his Jeep he shot a quick look toward Monique, who was talking on a cell phone. But the reception apparently wasn't good inside the garage and she was heading toward the side door of the building. She opened it and went outside, apparently not caring who might drive by and see her. Bret followed quickly, coming up behind Monique and guiding her behind some shrubs near the garage while he checked up and down the street. There was no activity. She quickly ended the conversation, and back inside the garage, relayed it to Bret: 

She had been talking to Renee', the other cheerleader Bret had seen in the cafeteria. Monique and Renee', friends since Monique moved to town in the 8th grade, had a standing agreement -- they covered for each other, often telling their respective parents they were staying at the other's house when in reality they were staying out all night, sometimes with men, sometimes at a party. 

On this occasion, Monique had stretched the rules. She told Renee' she was driving the 16 miles to Weston to renew acquaintances with Matt, a guy who was attending college there. For all she knew, Renee' had lied before, too. Monique was sure of one thing -- she wasn't about to let Renee', or anyone else, in on what was happening with the football coach. 

As he listened to the story Monique was telling Renee', Bret's cock grew to where it was pressing against his nylon pants. Monique was watching -- and she again flashed that toothy smile.

It didn't take long for Bret's cock to escape his pants. He gently pushed Monique against the front of her Jeep and his tongue instantly found hers -- outside of their mouths. Their lips eventually met in a long, hot, wet French kiss, the two exploring each other's mouths for the first time, this after he had already explored her pussy with his fingers on the bus earlier in the evening. 

Both sets of hands found their partner's ass, and caressing and massaging commenced. Tongues battled, moans escaped their lips, whispers ensued: "I was hoping it would end up like this," Monique gasped between flicks of her tongue on Bret's cheeks, chin and lips. "I was hoping I'd finally get to see your beautiful cock." 

"Yes, baby, you will," Bret replied, his fingers curling under the elastic of the panties of Monique's cheerleading outfit. He was grinding his cock into her groin area, his chest into hers, imagining sucking on her sexy tits. It would happen very soon. 

"Is there a bed or something in this place?" she asked, breaking away from Bret and pulling the white sweater over her head, tossing it into the front of her Jeep. 

"Plenty of them," Bret replied, "take your pick." 

As he fumbled for his keys and tried to unlock the door from the garage to the basement, she wrapped her hands around his waist and felt his cock for the first time -- through his pants, of course. 

"My God," she gasped, "you're ready, huh?"

"Oh, God, I've been ready for you for a long time, Monique." And with a click, the door was unlocked and the pair entered the house. 

Hand in hand, he led her through the basement, room to room, Bret fully clothed, Monique still in her shoes, shocks, cheerleading skirt and a sexy, lacy, white bra. 

Her nipples were pressing against the fabric, almost begging to get out. 

"Do you want the grand tour?" Bret asked. 

"Fuck," Monique replied. "I want to get to a room with a fucking bed in it." 

With that, Bret led her into a spare bedroom, still downstairs, shut the door and again thrust his tongue into her mouth. 

She answered his kiss with her tongue and her hands immediately sought out his cock. Pulling down his elastic-banded pants and shorts in one motion, his cock was finally free. She stayed at his face for a time, pinning him against the door, French kissing him madly, and then the senior cheerleader began her decent to her knees. She didn't need the bed now -- not yet. She needed the coach's cock -- in her mouth, between her breasts, and, eventually, in her flaming pussy. But for now, she would settle on pleasing him, as he'd pleased her a couple hours ago. 

As Bret kicked off his shoes and socks and pulled his shirt and vest off over his head, Monique tongued his navel. Her hands had a firm grasp on his hard, sexy ass as down she went. She removed one hand from his ass to corral his cock, guiding it to her sexy, lipstick-covered lips. She flicked her tongue at it, and then looked at him and smiled. He wasn't looking down. His eyes were closed, his head back, almost praying that nothing would interrupt his bliss. 

She French kissed his cock from base to tip and then again and again. At no time did she take the cock head into her mouth. Not yet. A droplet of come oozed from the tip of his purple-headed rod. He continued to moan. The cheerleader was now in charge -- and she knew it. Finally, finally, as an index finger probed his ass, she opened her mouth and guided his cock inside.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm," was all she could say, not looking up now, but going to work instead. She was on her knees now, comfortable, her tits still encased in the bra, her pussy still in her panties, which were still covered by her skirt. There was something sexy, Bret thought, about being sucked off by a cheerleader still in uniform. She sucked his cock expertly for the next several minutes until she could feel him getting close. Then she had a decision to make -- where did she want his hot white juice? In her mouth? In her pussy? Her ass? All of the above? 

Monique thought quickly. She knew -- well, she hoped -- she'd have many more opportunities like this one, but this one was special. It was the first -- and she wanted it to be right. 

"Where do you wanna put it?" she asked him. 

"God, Monique, all over...just let me know," the coach pleaded. 

"Well," the sexy senior said, "for now, how about right in here." And with that she took him into her warm mouth. Her lips slid, wet, over the swollen ridges of his erection. Back and forth, up and down, French kissing the tip, the shaft and then taking the entire member into her mouth. It didn't take long from that point on. 

Monique and Bret made the pleasure last as long as they could until he began to come with a long anguished moan, and she opened her mouth even wider, not wanting a drop to escape. Bret thrust his cock into Monique's mouth faster and harder, provoking moans of pleasure as he swelled and hardened and burst and came. Hot white cum shot through his cock into her mouth, a tiny bit dribbling out of the side of her mouth. After swallowing all that originally was shot into the back of her mouth, Monique's long, sexy tongue licked what was left from her lips and chin. 

It was done -- Bret had pleased her on the bus; Monique had pleased him in his house. 

As Bret slumped down onto the carpet with his new lover, he remembered what she'd said earlier that night: "I have no deadlines, Coach. I'm a senior." 

Instantly, his cock started to grow once again. 

To Be Continued...