 When Bret parked the pickup near the cabin and turned it off, Tamica was quickly all over him. Her hands were on his chest, trying to get under his muscle shirt. Her lips were on his ears, her tongue in his ears. She wanted him badly, and he was ready to oblige.

"Easy, sweetheart," Bret said as they exited the pickup and headed for the cabin. "We have all the time in the world."

Once inside the cabin, they moved to the double bed in the bedroom. Standing there, Tamica performed a brief striptease act for the coach, taking off her tank top and shorts. It was a quick, but very sexy, act.

Bret was correct about the white string tied behind her neck: Tamica wore a white bikini, and it looked fantastic against her dark skin. It was even tighter than he'd imagined. Her nipples pressed against the material, begging to get out. It wouldn't be long.

Tamica kissed the coach long and hungrily, their mouths open, their tongues dancing together. She moaned and bent one knee, rubbing her thigh and her pussy against his leg. When the kiss stopped, Bret smiled at Tamica and slid the straps of her white bikini top down her shoulders. She smiled and slipped her hand under the waistband of his shorts, gently squeezing his cock.

But she was just beginning. She slid slowly down his body, pulling his shirt aside and licking his nipples, kissing his stomach. His hands played over her hair and her breasts, then back up to her head, guiding it in the direction he wanted it to go. She was kneeling now, looking up at him. The top of her bikini was around her waist, the bottom still fully intact, but quite wet. 

"Do you want to come in my mouth?" she whispered. "Do you want to come in my pussy? Do you want to come in my ass? Do you want to come between my tits?"

Bret couldn't tell if this type of language was normal for Tamica or if the beer had intervened. Frankly, he didn't care. She stroked his cock very lightly with her fingers. Bret moaned, his cock getting harder by the second, partly because of her touch, partly because of her language. Was this the same sweet Tamica who was a straight-A student and a member of the Honor Society? 

She continued, pressing his erect penis through his shorts. Then she hooked her fingers under the waistband and slid the shorts slowly down his thighs. His cock, long and thick, sprung into the air. She wrapped one hand around it and began to stroke, her other hand playing with his balls. He managed to get his shirt off and moaned again.

"Where do you want to put it?" Tamica asked. Or was she demanding? Bret continued to moan, trying to thrust his cock into her mouth. He didn't care at this point. He wanted his cock anywhere she'd take it. Tamica took it into her mouth. It stretched her lips and filled her throat. As she sucked, it got harder and longer and thicker. She had one hand between her legs, rubbing herself as she moved her head rhythmically back and forth. She had managed to get her bikini bottoms off, at least partially, at least enough so she could get herself off.

Not wanting to explode too soon, Bret removed his cock from the black girl's mouth and knelt down beside her. He took her head in his hands and kissed her, mouths open and tongues thrusting at each other. As she moaned, he managed to help get her bikini bottoms all the way off. In the same movement, he stepped out of his black shorts. Finally they were both naked.

His huge cock, shiny with her saliva, pressed against her stomach. It was full and ready to be emptied -- the only question was where. Bret stretched out on his back, drawing Tamica over him. She spread her legs wide and kissed him, his cock rubbing up and down the outside of her slit. She moved up and down over him, keeping him outside, wetting his rod with the warm juices of her pussy. He licked and sucked at her breasts, her sexy nipples standing at attention.

She reached one hand between her legs and slowly pressed the head of his cock between her pussy lips. As he entered her, her mouth opened wide and she closed her eyes. Tamica moaned loudly and rhythmically as Bret's cock penetrated her. He had his hands on her lovely ass, squeezing it as she strained to take him deep inside her.

He loved massaging and caressing her sexy, black ass. He loved fucking this black high school girl. He was going to get off soon -- and both of them were going to relish it. They continued to move together. With each stroke, Bret entered the sex-crazed honor student more deeply. He closed his eyes as he fucked her, both of them coming closer and closer to the climax.

"Bury your cock in me," Tamica gasped, rising up and lowering herself onto the coach in perfect rhythm. "Fuck me deeper, fuck me harder." She was demanding, not asking.

And just a few seconds later, she was coming in long waves and moaning with pleasure. She gasped as the orgasm crashed over her, and Bret's cock ached as it was extended to its fullest. One more stroke and he was there, too, coming into this gorgeous teenager's pussy. Tamica continued to come as Bret burst inside of her, an incredible explosion of pleasure jerking the juices from his cock. She lowered herself onto him as they finished, and once again their tongues met, passionately sharing each other. 

END 8