 This story is about a very sexy and sultry young lady named Dawn.

Dawn had just split from her husband after he ran off with some blonde bimbo.

Let me paint a picture of her beauty, she has long black hair with a tanned complexion, brown eyes, firm breasts like to ripe melons, a tall slender body and a tight round bottom on top of her long legs, she reminds me of a Greek goddess who exhibits pure sensual sex.

Dawn was devastated when one day he came home and said that he was leaving, she could not believe that he would just leave with out some explanation.

She could talk to a friend but she confided in me to reassure herself of her sexuality.

We talked a lot and sometimes our conversations got really erotic and sexual.

I found out about a lot of her sexual preferences and turn-ons. 

I told her I fantasized about her in red lingerie and told her I would buy her some if she would model them for me.

We just laughed and I just thought that I was helping her through a rough time by making her feel attractive.

I am into cars a lot and have a garage where I do some work on the side, Dawn called one day and told me she was having problems with her car. I asked her to drop it round to the garage on Friday night and I would take a look at it.

On Thursday night I decided to go out and buy her something to help her get over being without a man. I went down to the local adult store and brought her this pink vibrator about 6 inches in length and the batteries to go with it.

So Friday night comes and Dawn turns up with her car. She was wearing these sexy looking tight stone wash jeans, black blouse and jacket.

She really looked hot in this outfit. She came into the garage and we talked about her car, me describing how her spark plugs were fouled, all the time she was sitting on the edge of the hood of the car, I was picturing her naked as my cock was getting harder by the second. Our conversations always seemed to some how turn to sex lately so I told her I had a gift for her. I took out the package and gave it to her. She was very surprised.

She slowly opened the wrapping, laughed and blushed when she realized it was a vibrator. I told her it was something to hold her over until someone came into her life who would appreciate what they had. She just smiled, got up and came over to me and kissed me lightly on the lips. I'm not sure what came over me but I put my arms around her, grabbing her ass and pulled her tight. As we kissed I caressed her ass cheeks, grinding my hard shaft into her pussy. We both knew what we wanted. 

I moved her back so her ass sat lightly against the car. I slowly opened her blouse and to my surprise, I found this red laced bra cupping her sexy tits. My cock was now as hard as granite as I knew she had dressed for me. She removed her jacket as I unhooked the front of her bra exposing her big firm breasts to my lusting eyes. 

Her nipples were standing out like two peas on her big firm breasts. I lowered my head and sucked first on one nipple then the other. Her nipples were dark and swollen as I rolled them between ny lips. I took one nipple and raked my teeth across it as she shuddered with pleasure.

I slid her jeans down her long sexy legs and kissed along their entire length. She slipped her shoes off and then removed the jeans from around her ankles. 

She lay back as I licked her nipples for a few more minutes then ran my tongue down her body to her pussy. She lifted her ass off the car and I removed her knickers, sliding them over her ass and down her thighs to reveal her pussy, surrounded by a mound of soft curls that were neatly trimmed, but I will never forget the musky aroma of her sweet pussy. It drove me wild as I ate her pussy shoving my tongue in as far asit would go, she was begging me to make her cum. Her ass was bucking around as she tossed her head from side to side. I then began working on her clit and she screamed and bucked in an intense orgasm.

As I worked my way up her body she reached out and opened my pants releasing my throbbing cock. I grabbed her hips and positioned my cock against her pussy then pushed until it slid into her hot wet pussy, she lay back on the car as I thrust my cock deep inside her, she was going crazy with lust as I fucked her harder and harder. I don't know how I kept from shoting my load she looked so good on the end of my pumping cock. Finally I could'nt hold back any longer and began to ram my cock into her harder and faster, she was whimpering as she climaxed, just as my cock shot spurt after spurt of creamy spunk deep inside her womb. My cock was still hard as it slid from her pussy, I had her turn around and lean over the car hood . Her super sexy ass was sticking out as I moved behind her and slowly slid my cock into her again. The feeling of her soft ass cheeks was so good as I reached round her to rub her clit, I began thrusting my cock in and out of her pussy as I fondled her breasts. I began to thrust harder and faster as my spunk began to spurt once more I thrust faster and faster as her body shook with another orgasm, my spunk filling her once more. 

This was A fantasy come true and I was really aroused at the that I had just fucked my wife's sexy sister.

Dawn was not ready to quit yet as she got on her knees she gave me a blow job I will never forget, I could not believe she was sucking every last drop of cum out of my cock, smilling she said "see you next month for another service!"

The End