 After Tuesday's practice, Bret checked his e-mail and found a note from the head secretary, Cindy Morgan, saying the game film on Lakeville's first-round opponent, Regence, had arrived and was in his mailbox in the front office.

He checked his watch and found that he had plenty of time before he had to be in Weston. He had promised Josh Barlow he'd check out the gym that night. They had decided on 8 or 8:30, after the gym had closed.

It was a relatively light practice because of rain, and Bret didn't want anyone slipping on the wet turf and spraining an ankle or blowing a knee. Not with only three -- hopefully three -- games left in the season. The 9-0 Raiders were seeded second in the state playoffs, behind only 9-0 Oaktown. Lakeville would host Regence, an 8-1 team, which was seeded seventh in the playoffs. As it turned out, Valley Falls was seeded fourth and would host Mount Morton. Valley Falls was in Oaktown's bracket so a win by both of those teams in the first round would set up a semifinal matchup. The only way Lakeville would face either Valley Falls or Oaktown would be in the championship game -- if the Raiders advanced that far.

When Bret went to get his mail, Cindy Morgan was still at her desk, going through attendance reports.

"You always work this late?" Bret asked, checking the clock. It was nearly 6 p.m.

"Occasionally," she said, and then changed the subject. "Why haven't you called my sister?"

"It's only been since last Thursday," the coach said. "Aren't I supposed to give it at least a week?"

"Um, I don't think so," Cindy said, blushing. "After what she told me about your date, I think she's ready for you to move in with her."

"Well, it's a little early for that," Bret said, "but we did have fun." 

"So I heard," Cindy shot back. "And that's all I'm saying. Unless you're volunteering." 

"Not me," Bret said, holding both hands up with palms out.

Obviously, the sisters were close, and it was apparent Cindy now knew that Bret had fucked Kara -- and in the ass, too. He thought having Cindy that way wouldn't be such a bad idea either. He watched as she sexily crossed her legs, her skirt hiking up high on her thighs. He was instantly horny. 

"Here's your tape," she said, handing it to him. She had apparently taken it from his mailbox so she could hand it to him personally. Her ploy had worked, the coach thought. Now if he could only figure out how to get in her skirt.

Back in his office, Bret watched Regence win a mid-season game 42-0 and was mostly impressed that the team kicked all six extra points without problems. "We'll have to make our conversions," the coach thought, "because they're going to make theirs." Then Bret noticed the light on his telephone was blinking. He had a message. He wondered which horny female had called, wanting him to fuck her that night. Too bad, he thought, but the gym came first tonight. He had put Josh Barlow off long enough.

The message was from Sara, Josh's girlfriend. Josh had to leave town to pick up a replacement part for one of the weight machines. He wouldn't be back until very late that night. Could they postpone their meeting and do it another time? She asked Bret to call her at the gym.

Instead of calling Sara back, he packed a bag with workout clothes and headed to Weston. Bret arrived at the gym just before 9, wondering if anyone -- Sara perhaps -- would be there. The neon light was off. Bret noticed the sign on the door regarding the hours: 5 a.m. to 8 p.m. As Bret was about to enter, he looked through the glass doors to near the back of the main gym and saw Sara with two small hand-held weights.

She was facing a mirror, pumping the small weights she held in each hand. Her dark hair was pinned up, showing her sexy neck. She wore a peach leotard with navy blue shorts over it. The coach stood in the rain, admiring this sexy thing. Bret now was faced with a choice: He could go forward and into the gym or he could stand there and wait in the rain.

While he would not have minded staring at the hot body for a few more minutes, he decided to go in. He pushed the door open, and a loud buzzer sounded. It probably was heard throughout the gym. Most gyms had those types of buzzers these days. That way, if no one was at the front counter, they would still know someone had entered. 

Sara didn't appear startled at all. She turned, and with the weights still in hand, approached the front counter where the coach waited. 

"Hi," the coach said. "Sara, isn't it?"

"Yeah," Josh's girlfriend answered. "Hi Bret. I tried to reach you to save you a trip. Josh is out of town."

"Ahh, didn't get the message," the coach said, lying. "Been watching film all night. Haven't had a chance to get to messages."

"I'm so sorry you had to come all the way in for nothing," Sara said. "I don't think Josh is gonna be back for quite awhile."

The coach couldn't help but stare at the tight leotard that was holding in the young woman's breasts. A thin line of moisture from Sara's sweat started at the top of the leotard at the neckline below her throat and traveled into the cleavage between her breasts. The woman noticed Bret was checking her out and smiled.

"Well, what did you and Josh have planned?" she asked.

"He's trying to rope me into a membership," Bret said. "He was just gonna show me around and then try to sign me up."

"Well," Sara smiled, "guess that's up to me then. Let's go."

A full tour of the facility ensued with the coach following the sexy tour guide, admiring her body, staring at her shapely ass. The tour included the main gym, which was filled with free weights as well as weight machines and exercise bikes. Mirrors were everywhere. So were televisions, mostly all of them turned off at this time of night. One was still tuned to a sports channel and another to a body-building channel.

Sara showed Bret the aerobics room where classes were held daily. Sara was the instructor, she pointed out. Bret thought of some instruction they could give each other in this room. His mind flashed to fucking Sara in this room. He felt himself getting hard and tried to shake the image out of his head.

Next came the room with a lap pool that was used for water aerobics and rehabilitation. A walking track was in the adjacent area. Sara showed Bret the men's locker room, complete with three whirlpool tubs, a large shower area and a Jacuzzi tub. The whirlpool tubs, similar to the one Lakeville had, were for single use. The Jacuzzi, Bret estimated, had a capacity of eight.

The final stop was the sauna, with wood benches on either side of the walls, facing each other. Again, the capacity was eight, Bret guessed. They didn't stay in the sauna long. It was hot, and Sara explained they never turned it off. "Takes too long to heat back up in the morning," she said. "First thing some people do when they come in here is get in the sauna. And that's at 5 a.m."

When they returned to the gym's front counter, Sara showed Bret the financial choices. Bret, looking for any chance to see this hottie more often, signed up for the 30-day, no-commitment deal. If after a month he wanted out, it would be no problem, she said. It was a freebie.

"But I think you'll like it here," Sara said, smiling. "Hope so anyway."

Bret thanked her and was about to leave when Sara asked if he wanted to work out that night.

"Wasn't planning on it," the coach said. "Besides, it's late; you're probably ready to get out of here."

"Nope," said Sara. "Josh opens; I close. I'm usually here til at least 10 or 11 doing books or something."

"Well, I have some workout clothes in the Jeep. Let me run get them." 

"Great," Sara said. "Feel free to use whatever you want. I'll be over here on the computer. When you're warmed up, if you have any questions, just let me know. I'll even try to spot ya if ya want."

When he returned from the Jeep, Sara had changed into a new pair of tight Lycra shorts and a white sports bra. Bret warmed up with push-ups and sit-ups. He then moved to the light weights, keeping as close to the computer area as possible. He didn't want to let Sara out of his sight.

Sara then got up from the computer and moved to the bench-press area and nodded to the coach, implying she needed a spot. After several repetitions, her nipples were hard and sweat was forming around her thigh area. The coach kept trying to make eye contact with her but found his eyes darting all around her hot body. When she was finished, both went through cool-down exercises. And then Sara went back to computer. Or so Bret thought.

When the coach looked up from stretching, Sara was standing above him in only a white towel.

"Sauna?" Sara asked. "It's the best way to conclude a workout."

"That's a great idea," the coach said. "Go ahead. I'll get a towel and join you in a minute."

Barely a minute later, Bret found himself with a towel around his waist entering the sauna. Sara sat on the south end of the sauna, on a bench, with plenty of room on her left side, the closest side to Bret as the coach entered. Bret chose the north end, sitting by himself in the middle of the bench. The steam was thick, but it was mostly thick near the top of the high-ceilinged room. "Glad you decided to join me," Sara said, breaking a somewhat awkward silence. "It's nice to have some company."

"You take a sauna at the end of every day?" Bret asked, trying to make conversation.

"When I'm caught up, I try to," Sara said. "And I'm caught up tonight." She flashed a smile, and Bret's eyes were drawn to hers for a long moment, before the coach's eyes began their decent to Sara's tanned body. His mind went crazy.

"Like the gym?" Sara's words brought Bret out of his fantasy.

"What? Oh, yes," Bret said. "It's great. A lot of nice features." 

Sara smiled. "Glad you like the "features,' " Sara said, smiling." We work hard around here on all of the features."

The sexual innuendoes continued for the next several minutes before Sara said, "Wanna tell me how much you like the gym? Or show me?"

With that, the tanned hottie started to make her way to Bret's side of the sauna, stopping at the door to pull a mini shade over the small, vertical, rectangular window that was smaller than a 5 x 7 picture frame. She then locked the door.

"One of the first things I did when we bought this place," Sara said as she sat down by Bret, "is put a lock on this door." 

"Your favorite room?" Bret said. 

"My favorite room," Sara said, the sweat droplets forming all over what he could see of her body. "Want me to show you why?"

Bret's eyes gave Sara the answer his mouth couldn't. She maneuvered to where she was standing before Bret. Looking into Bret's eyes and making sure he was looking back, she untied the towel and let it fall to the floor. Bret's semi-hard cock grew little by little with no help from Sara's hands, and while he tried to make eye contact with her, his eyes were drawn to her perfectly shaped breasts and perfectly trimmed pussy instead.

Without prompting from Sara, Bret stood up as well, and his towel fell off, exposing his cock. The couple stood facing each other, inches apart, his cock almost touching her stomach. Sara finally broke the silence and moved closer to Bret, taking his face in her hands. The kiss started out awkwardly, but very soon became hot and sexy.

Sara's mouth covered Bret's, and her tongue went in search of the coach's. She found it to be a willing participant. The coach moved in toward Sara and the sexy couple made out for several minutes, standing in the sauna, the heat from their bodies rivaling that from the room. As the French kiss continued, Sara moved her hands around and gripped a cheek of Bret's ass in each hand firmly.

It was a deep kiss, their tongues rolling over one another. Sara finally broke the contact and slowly started licking her way down Bret's body, stopping to carefully inspect both nipples with her tongue. She worked her way down Bret's sexy chest until she came to the head of his cock, which was standing at attention and waiting to be serviced.

She buried her head in Bret's pubic hair, licking and teasing his shaft. Bret's 8 inches were fully erect now, and the purple head was throbbing at every touch. Sara started working her way along the shaft, Bret's hands in the sexy gym owner's hair. She flicked her tongue over the head of Bret's cock, almost pushing the coach over the edge instantly.

She worked her way along the bottom of Bret's shaft, stopping to French kiss every part of the cock.

"Talk to me, babe," Sara said when she pulled away, leaving Bret's cock standing straight out. "I wanna know if you like this."

"Mmmm, love it," the coach said. "You're very, very good at this."

"You want more?" Sara said. "You want more of me?"

"Ohhhhhh yes," Bret said. "Josh is a great friend and he's been great to the guys. But this, this is something I really want Sara."

"Don't mention Josh," Sara said. "He's OK with it."

"Isn't he your lover?" Bret asked.

"I won't tell if you won't tell," Sara answered, and went back to giving the coach a blowjob. "Besides, I have a feeling he's fucking just about everyone in my aerobics class."

"Cum for me," Sara said several minutes later. "I love to taste hot, sticky cum, and I think I'd love to taste yours."

Bret began fucking Sara's mouth, pumping his cock while guiding it back and forth into her hot, waiting mouth.

"Ahh yes, fuck my mouth," Sara said. "Fuck it like it's a pussy." And Bret did, feeling the orgasm building. It came quickly and without warning, and Sara was able to receive all of the hot white cum Bret could deliver. That is except the final spurt. After Bret's cock had been released, it spurted one final time on his chest and began running down toward his navel. "For me," Sara said, and went to work licking it off.

"For you," the coach confirmed.

When Sara was satisfied she'd licked Bret's stomach clean, she stood up and kissed the coach, helping the coach to reclaim some of his delicious seed.

"I want to fuck you, Bret, but not tonight," Sara said. "Josh might come by here if I'm not home when he gets home. But promise me we'll make love."

Bret's response was a deep, long French kiss in which his tongue devoured Sara's. The kiss nearly brought his cock to a full erection again, and he was ready for Sara to suck him off again.

But Sara needed to get home, and Bret understood. They promised each other they'd stay in touch, and after one more long hot kiss in the locker room, Bret dressed and went home.