 Bret's long drive to top-ranked Oaktown was fruitless as the Oaks routed Meridian 63-0. Bret left at halftime with Oakville up 42-0. The two most impressive things about the state powerhouse? The fact that their kicker made all six extra points in the first half (he ended up making all nine in the game) and their football facility.

Both were something Bret could only dream of. On the way home, the coach heard on the radio that Valley Falls had shut out Mount Morton 44-0. So Oaktown and Valley Falls would meet in one semifinal the next weekend. The coach sure hoped his Raiders would be one of the final four, as well.

The next morning dawned sunny and cold as Regence came to town for a 1 p.m. playoff game. The bleachers on the home side were packed, and people lined the sidelines just beyond the security rope.

"This is a real playoff atmosphere," the coach said to no one in particular as he got ready to coach his first playoff game at Lakeville.

The playoff atmosphere quickly disappeared as Lakeville struggled against a Regence team that frankly wasn't very good. The Raiders ended up winning easily enough, 32-0, but Bret wasn't able to hold back much of the playbook since it was only 8-0 at halftime. He also wanted his kicker, Mike Dean, to attempt at least one extra point just to show the scouts from the other schools that there was a weapon they needed to reckon with.

But by the time the fourth quarter rolled around, Lakeville needed every point it could get. The Raiders converted on all four 2-point conversions, but that was about the only good thing that happened.

In the locker room after, the coach said that the performance might help the Raiders because the scouts of the other teams now might look past Lakeville. Bret didn't really believe it, but he said it anyway.

He saw Monique Sellars and Pamela George after the game. Monique had watched the Valley Falls game the night before, and Pamela returned the favor. They seemed more interested in getting alone and naked somewhere than they were in talking to the coach.

And that was fine with Bret. He needed to get back to the school and find out who won the Bedke-Thompson Butte game, which was played at the same time as the Lakeville-Regence game. Whoever won that game would be coming to Lakeville for a semifinal matchup next Saturday. The Oaktown-Valley Falls semifinal would also be held Saturday. As the season wore on and the days got shorter and the weather colder, the state association wanted all playoff games played during the daylight hours. And so, both semis would be at 1 p.m., one at Oaktown and one at Lakeville. Bret had seen the last of Oaktown until the championship game -- if both teams made it that far.

Back in his office, the coach learned Bedke had defeated Thompson Butte 7-6. The sketchy details he received were that Bedke led 7-0 early and won when Thompson Butte scored late in the game and went for 2 and the win. Bret guessed that he wasn't the only coach in the state without a place-kicker.

After searching for his state directory – the document that included all the pertinent information about every school in the state – Bret determined he'd taken his home and left it there. The directory would tell him who Bedke played that year, and it would also contain the phone numbers of every coach in the state. Bret went to the main office of the school. Surely the superintendent had a copy. In fact, he knew he did because they had reviewed Lakeville's information earlier in the school year.

Bret thought about calling the Thompson Butte coach, too, but then, on second thought, decided he'd at least wait until Monday. He didn't want to call the losing coach just hours after the game.

Upon entering the office with his key, he found the door to the superintendent's office locked. He thought fast. Cindy Morgan, the sexy off-limits secretary, would have a key. It would be a great opportunity to call her and flirt anyway. Then he'd drop by her house, meet the big, burley husband everyone talked about, get the key, get a quick glimpse of the gorgeous Cindy and come back to the school for a night of phone calls and film watching.

Clarence Kemp had invited him over, and the thought of another session with Carrie crossed his mind, but the state championship was more important.

Carrie would have to wait. The coach dialed Cindy Morgan. The sexy secretary sounded even hotter on the phone than in person.

"Great game," she cooed.

"You were there?" he asked.

"Every game. I bet you were peeing your pants at halftime."

"Well, it was closer than I expected."

"Sooooooooo you called to thank me for coming to the game? To invite me out to celebrate the win?"

Bret thought that for someone who was apparently "off limits," she sure was being friendly. Perhaps she'd been drinking since the game. Come to think of it, perhaps she was drinking at the game. It was rather chilly out there today.

"Actually, I need a favor," Bret said. "There's a directory in McPherson's office and the office is locked. Could I come by and get the key?"

"Oh, I can run the key over -- I just live a few minutes away," she said.

"No, I don't wanna put you out. I'm sure I'm interrupting dinner or something anyway."

"No, I'm alone. My husband is hunting. He's not much of a football fan. He's more of a do-er than a watcher. He's out killing something. Seems to be that way every weekend this time of year. Birds or something."

"I really don't want you to have to come all the way over here," the coach said, lying.

"I'll be right over," she said, and hung up before he could object.

Cindy Morgan was at the school within 15 minutes, dressed in tight black jeans, a tight white T-shirt and a tan vest that was zipped up about half way. It allowed Bret to get a glimpse of the outline of her gorgeous tits through the tight material, something he didn't get all that often at school. The door to the superintendent's office was unlocked in a flash, and Bret knew exactly where to find the directory. He got it, and as Cindy stood watching, the coach started thumbing through the directory to find the correct district.

"It's all here -- just what I need," the coach said. "Thanks a ton."

"Certainly," the sultry secretary said in response. "Anything to help you win the championship. By the way, if you win next week, where do you go?"

"Curtis," Bret said. "All four championship games are held there on Friday and Saturday. We'd play a Friday night game.

"An overnight trip, huh?" she asked, smiling. "That's one I'd definitely have to make."

The coach got hard thinking about him and Cindy Morgan in a hotel room. He'd already played out that fantasy with Monique Sellars, Pamela George or any number of other women as the main course, even Cindy's younger sister, Kara.

"It should be fun," the coach said. "We just have to get there first. And this helps." With a smile, he said goodbye and headed down the long hall toward the other end of the school. He then went down the stairs, through the cafeteria and into the locker room and his adjoining office.

As the coach was making a list of phone numbers, he heard the familiar creek of the locker room door opening. Around the corner and into his small office came Cindy Morgan. She had removed the T-shirt and was wearing only the vest along with her tight jeans. It was still unzipped half way and her gorgeous tan breasts could be seen, begging to get out.

"I just thought that by helping you to get that directory, you might, uh, thank me," she said, smiling. Cindy moved toward Bret, unzipping the vest and revealing her sexy tan tits. It was obvious this sexy secretary spent plenty of time in the sun and the tanning booth. No lines were to be found. Bret responded by getting up from his chair and moving around to the front of the desk and leaning on it, pushing papers and videos out of the way to make room.

Cindy moved into the coach, pushing him back to the point of him sitting on the desk. He opened his mouth, letting her tongue slide wetly in. Reaching up, she ran her fingers through is hair. He spread his legs further, allowing her to come closer to him to the point where her breasts were against his polo shirt. He could feel her nipples jutting out and against him so he broke the kiss just long enough to pull the shirt over his head and off. 

Her naked breasts against his toned chest was a tremendous turn on for both of them. Bret soon buried his head in Cindy's chest, and with slow gentle ease he began to lick her breasts, eventually sucking on each of her rosy red nipples.

Bret worked to free Cindy of her tight black jeans and black panties and did so with relative ease, all the while maintaining contact with her tits. His pants followed, leaving the coach in tight blue briefs with a cum stain already forming where his cock had pressed hard against the thin material.

Bret leaned back on the desk, and Cindy took that as a queue to begin pleasuring the coach with her tongue. Dropping to her knees, she took hold of his stiffening cock with one hand while massaging his balls with the other. Looking Bret in the eye, Cindy slowly deliberately began to feed his veiny knob into her mouth, swirling her tongue around his throbbing gland as he grew to his full eight inches. Her saliva was dripping down his shaft as she sucked him deep into her throat.

Bret, groaning in ecstacy, came soon thereafter, and Cindy, the pro she was, took it all in her mouth in stride. The coach was in the process of lying Cindy on his desk and returning the favor when her cell phone rang.

"Shit!" she said, "it's him. He's the only one who calls me."

Cindy took the call and calmly explained to her husband that she was at the school and that was why she didn't answer the phone at home. She fabricated a story about vandalism at the game today and that, as the staff member on duty, she had to file a police report at the scene.

Her wicked smile and wink to Bret told the coach that the husband believed the story and the conversation ended with Cindy saying "See you tomorrow night, Love. Love you, too."

She hung up, rolled her eyes and immediately locked Bret into a French kiss. The coach could taste a hint of him on her tongue and instantly got hard again.

"Can we continue this at your place?" she asked. "I like it here, but ..."

She flung her head toward the door, as if to insinuate someone might come in unexpectedly. Bret gave Cindy directions, and less than 30 minutes later, the coach was relaxing in his hot tub, awaiting the arrival of the sexy secretary so they could continue their post-game party.

This time, Cindy emerged with her black jeans and white T-shirt back in place. But her luscious tits were pressing against the material and soon they were free. She stripped out of her jeans, and pantiless, climbed into the tub. They kissed gently at first, then with a passion. He worked his way around her neck and onto her shoulder taking in the scent of the woman who had excited him so much. He felt the roundness of her tits, and she again felt his hardness. He traced a finger down one breast and up the other. Taking one in each hand he teased her nipples with his thumbs. Cindy's firm tits stayed that way, her nipples begging for attention. She lowered herself to him and Bret gently kissed each one.

"The office was great," she moaned in his ear while his tongue flicked over both of her nipples. "But this is where I want you. At your house, in your tub, in your bed."

Cindy moaned as her breasts began to ache with arousal. Bret then moved up and French kissed her long and hard, guiding her to the edge of the tub. She had pleased him in his office; now it was his turn. Lying her back so only her thighs on down were in the water, he began kissing his way around. And the coach knew his way around. He began to trace circles with his tongue, moving upward but never quite touching the increasingly damp wetness of her pubic hair. She knew that her cunt was extremely wet and that at any probing her juices would flow.

Eventually, Bret's tongue found her sex. He breathed in the scent of her as he gave gentle caresses with the bridge of his nose against her pussy. His tongue brought a flood of her love juice. He licked it and savored the taste. Moving his hands under her ass, he caressed and massaged her cheeks and even slid a finger into her ass.

While massaging her ass, he began to tease her clit with his tongue and almost shot his load at the realization that he was tongue-fucking the gorgeous secretary he had coveted since the first day of school. Cindy squirmed as he played with her clit and probed her hole. Her juice covered his face and he loved it. She held his head and forced it into her deeper. Parting her lips he probed for her love hole with a finger while another finger continued to play with her ass. Her first orgasm occurred when he had two fingers inside her pussy and one from the other hand in her ass.

She orgasmed again and lie back, breasts heaving as he looked across her flat belly at their roundness. Cindy then leaned up and pushed Bret away, jumping out of the tub and running into the house. The coach followed in no special hurry, and when he finally caught up to her, he found the secretary on his bed, legs crossed sexily, waiting for more.

Kissing him fully on the lips and forcing her tongue into his mouth, tasting herself, made her ready for more. She raked his nipples and teased them with her tongue.

"I want this cock in my mouth again, baby," she said wickedly.

Bret only smiled and stood at the edge of the bed so Cindy could kneel on it and go to work. Grasping the cock she began to take it into her mouth, her tongue playing around the head. Bret moaned as he felt his spunk start on its journey. He managed to relax and delay its escape bid. Holding Bret's rod in one hand and caressing his balls with the other, Cindy teased her tongue around the shiny head and kept returning to the hole tasting his pre cum as it emerged.

Pursing her lips, she took it into her mouth slowly, making him shudder. She took it all until it touched the back of her throat. By revolving it slightly she gave him unimagined pleasure. The pulsing in the shaft told her that he was about to come. With a finger squeeze she delayed it.

"Not in my mouth this time," she gasped. "In my pussy, please."

He knelt down and ran his tongue along the full length of her slit to her bum hole and probed that. She screamed as his tongue found that most secret of places. Standing up he slid his hardness along the full length of her cunt to cover it in her cum before sliding it into her begging love tunnel.

Thrusting slowly at first, his strokes began to increase until he nearly popped out every time. He thrust in until the base of his cock was crushing her cum-covered lips.

Withdrawing and turning her around, he once again entered her and began to thrust even deeper into her sopping cunt than before. The next orgasm caused her sex muscles to contract, gripping him fiercely.

He had to come this time. Each thrust brought him closer to oblivion. Squeezing his cock muscles he tried to make it bigger inside her. His spunk shot into her tunnel in long great spurts reaching every corner accompanied by their cries of ecstasy, its heat and force giving Cindy yet another climax, her grip on him even tighter.

"I wanna be soooooooooooooo dirty for you," she purred. "The nastiest you've ever had."

"Mmmmmmmmmmmm," the coach moaned. "Talk to me baby."

"In the ass," she begged. "I need that cock in my ass."

Just hearing Cindy Morgan say that got the coach hard again in an instant. First, he had fucked her sister, Kara, in the ass, and now Cindy was going to be next. He stationed Cindy on all fours, facing away from him and he assumed the same position. His rock hard cock was pressing against the opening of her sexy ass, and still using the lubrication from her pussy, it slid in with relative ease. Bret hammered her tight asshole, all the while Cindy was screaming for more.

He continued at a quickened pace for a long while, and then when he felt they were both close to cumming, he slowed down and made the strokes long and slow. Cindy pushed her hand between her legs and started rubbing her clit. Bret sucked on her shoulder and eventually turned her head and French kissed her.

Cindy's moans became louder and unrestrained. It was obvious she was close to reaching the end and going over the edge.

"Oh, Jesus!" she screamed. "Fill my ass with your cum!" The secretary didn't need to ask twice. Bret moaned loudly and let loose a long stream of fuck juice into her ass. Cindy collected some on her finger that seeped out and then, after Bret had removed his cock, rolled over and sucked on her finger.

"Don't you love it when I'm nasty," she said, smiling, still breathing heavily.

"Mmmmmmmmmm, yes," Bret said, leaning forward and kissing Cindy, tasting himself on her tongue. He fucked her over and over that night, in his bed, in the shower, back in the hot tub. Her cell phone didn't ring again.