 Bret Harris arose before the sun did on Semifinal Saturday and headed to the school to watch Bedke on film one final time. Gametime was set for 1 p.m., and players were told to be there no later by 11 a.m. At 10:30 a.m., when no one was there, the coach began to get worried.

He wondered if the Bedke club would get up early and drive the entire distance the day of the game. He knew better. Certainly, they would've driven to Weston the night before, got some rest and made the short trip to Lakeville the day of the game. And he was right.

When he ran into the Bedke AD shortly after the bus pulled in, it was confirmed. Bedke had arrived at Weston yesterday at 4 p.m., had worked out at the high school and would be ready to play come 1 p.m. The coach hoped his team would be.

The pre-game warmups went well, Bret thought. The team seemed crisp, like the cool air outside. The smell of hotdogs, burgers and popcorn filled the air as the wind carried the smoke from the concession stand across the field and into the neighboring farm fields. Bret kept a close eye on his placekicker, Mike Dean, and on Bedke's. In warmups, it really was hard to tell them apart as far as skill was concerned. Dean was making extra points with ease and so was the Bedke kicker. But there was no pressure in warmups, no one rushing the kicker, no fans screaming.

As the teams got ready to retreat back to their locker rooms for final instructions, Bret heard the public-address announcer brag that they'd all be getting updates on the Oaktown-Valley Falls game. Just what the coach wanted for his players -- and himself: another distraction.

The final speech was not a rah-rah type thing. The coach methodically pointed out what had to be done to win. They had to convert on third down and keep Bedke from converting on third down. They couldn't turn the ball over, yet someone had to step up and force turnovers. Those were the major points. After saying that, it was time to go.

Bret spotted well-wishers -- and bed partners -- in the crowd as he led the team back onto the field for the coin toss, National Anthem and the other pagaentry of this semifinal playoff game. The Lakeville side was packed, and Raider fans had spilled over onto the other side of the field, surrounding the tiny Bedke crowd. For those Bedke folks who couldn't make the trip, they would sit by the radio and listen to all the action as if they were there.

Clarence Kemp pumped his fist when he saw Bret. Carrie Kemp licked her lips. Cheerleader Monique Sellars smiled that toothy grin. Her mother, Michelle, flashed that same smile. The sexy secretary, Cindy Morgan and her kid sister, Kara, huddled together, drinking hot cocoa. They probably would've rather been huddling between the sheets somewhere, but both wanted to watch their favorite male lover coach his high school team to the state finals.

Bret spotted Josh Barlow and girlfriend Sara. Josh wore the proud smile of an alumnus who was pleased to see his beloved football team in the semifinals. Sara wore a sexy smile of someone who enjoyed sucking the coach off and eating his cum. It was the smile of someone who wanted to do it again.

His mind back on football, Bret watched as his team won the coin toss and elected to receive. He stared at the American flag as the Lakeville High School band played the National Anthem. He donned his headset and tested the earphones and microphone with his assistant coach in the booth at midfield.

And then the semifinal game began. The game had everything -- but scoring. It had turnovers, penalties, missed opportunities, bad play calls by the coach and bad calls by the officials. The first quarter ended with the score 0-0. The second quarter ended with the score 0-0.

As Bret Harris jogged to the dressing room to address the troops, he heard the PA man announce: "At halftime in Oaktown, it's Oaktown 0, Valley Falls 20."

The crowd didn't know whether to boo or cheer. No one wanted to face Oaktown, but no one really wanted Valley Falls in the finals either. Lakeville had beaten Valley Falls twice, but it was now looking like Lakeville might not even make the finals. Bret tried to put the score of the other game out of his mind, but his players had heard. They were whispering to each other as the coach entered the dressing room.

"Anyone who's more interested in that game than this one can just stay in here and listen to the rest of it on the radio," the coach said, beginning his halftime speech. "Because if you're not interested in winning our game, we don't want you out there."

The halftime talk continued, and it focused on Xs and Os more than heart, more than desire, more than will. Finally, as the team got up and got ready to head back out, Bret raised his hand, quieted the team and said simply, "Fellas, it's a matter of who wants it more."

Both teams appeared to want it early in the third quarter. Bedke drove the length of the field and scored on a short pass. The conversion kick was straight and true and Bedke led 7-0. The update from Oaktown: Valley Falls 20, Oaktown 7.

Lakeville came back, moved down the field and had a first-and-goal at the 4. Four plays later, they punched it in from the 1. It was 7-6. Seven minutes still remained in the third quarter. Bret felt good about his offense on that drive and decided to try to tie the game. Kicker Mike Dean lined up for the 20-yard extra point and proceeded to kick the ball into the back of his center. Bedke 7, Lakeville 6.

Dean got another chance late in the third quarter when Lakeville stalled at the Bedke 7. On third down, the quarterback was supposed to maneuver so the ball was lined up in the middle of the goal posts for the fourth-down field-goal attempt. It didn't work out that way. The play ended on the right hashmark. Dean, overcompensating for the angle, hit his field goal try plenty high and plenty long. But he hooked it. Bedke 7, Lakeville 6. Only one quarter remained.

The main thing running through Bret's mind was Bedke's 7-6 victory over Thompson Butte the week before.

"They're going to go to the state finals with two one-point wins," the coach said to no one in particular. "We've got to get down there and convert."

But it was Bedke now, driving down toward Lakeville's goal line, eating valuable time off the clock. During an injury timeout for one of the Bedke players, it was announced that Oaktown had pulled to within 20-19 of Valley Falls with eight minutes remaining in that game. It appeared the Oaks had righted the ship and were on their way to a comeback win.

Back at Lakeville, Bedke drove to the Raider 3 before running into a stiff defense. A field goal would put the guests up 10-6 and force Lakeville to score a touchdown. But an onrushing Raider lineman blocked the attempt and the Raiders were still in business.

Slowly, steadily the Raiders moved down the field. Using their timeouts and getting out of bounds to stop the clock, the Raiders drove to the Bedke 13. Only 25 seconds remained, and Lakeville had one timeout remaining. Bret instructed his team to go for the end zone with a series of passes. He didn't want to have to rely on the foot of Mike Dean to win the game.

A first-down pass was incomplete. On second down, the quarterback was sacked back at the 20. It would be a 37-yard field goal from there, Bret thought, as he talked over strategy after using their final timeout with 10 seconds left. With no timeouts remaining, the coach called a Hail Mary-type play, one where the quarterback lobbed the ball up in the end zone in hopes of a miracle catch. Bret thought they'd have two chances since it was only third down.

It didn't exactly work out as planned. The Raider quarterback, under pressure, ran out of trouble and across the line of scrimmage. He couldn't pass now. He sprinted for the sideline and made it out at the 13 as the clock ticked down to 3 seconds. The coach had no choice but to send on the field-goal unit.

Again the ball was placed on the right hashmark. Again Mike Dean lined up to try to send Lakeville to the state finals. Again the Bedke players waved their hands in an attempt to distract the senior. Again the snap was good, the hold was good and Dean got plenty of height and distance on his kick. But this time, something odd happened. The ball sailed between the goal posts. Lakeville had won 9-7.

For a split second, time seemed to almost stop, like in a movie where the director eliminates any sound and the frames are in slow motion. Then all hell broke loose. Mike Dean was buried beneath a pile of black and silver Raider jerseys. Bret Harris threw off his headset and jumped into the air. The Bedke players slowly walked toward their sideline. Chaos ensued. Bret was doused with water. Parents, players, cheerleaders, managers hugged him and each other. The Raiders were headed to the state finals.

When Bret got a hold of himself, he calmed his players enough to go through the congratulatory handshake with their opponents. He shook the opposing coach's hand and stuttered something about how neither team should've lost this game. The coach wished Bret and the Raiders well in the state finals.

At that point, the coach's competitive brain kicked into gear. He had to know who won the Valley Falls-Oaktown game. On his way back to his own sideline, he glanced up at the press box where the P.A. announcer was stationed. The man yelled down and asked if he could turn up the sound on the radio over the P.A. The coach nodded.

And so for the next 10 minutes or so, those interested in the Valley Falls-Oaktown game while celebrating on the field. When Valley Falls stopped the Oaks on fourth down to win the game, some in the Lakeville crowd cheered, some booed. There were still mixed emotions about Valley Falls when you asked a Lakeville fan. But the state championship was set -- Lakeville vs. Valley Falls. Valley Falls vs.Lakeville. For all the marbles.

Clarence Kemp's party on this night was a wild one. The beer was flowing, the wine was flowing, the whiskey was flowing. Heck, Clarence didn't even care that daughter Carrie was partaking of drink and almost sitting on the coach's lap on the crowded couch. Bret got the feeling that Clarence wouldn't care if his daughter fucked the coach. Anything to keep the coach happy -- he had just taken Lakeville to the state championship game.

The conversation didn't linger on about the Bedke game for long. Clarence and the other boosters wanted to know what Bret intended to do to beat Valley Falls for the third time that season. The coach, with a sheepish grin, said, "It's awful hard to beat a team three times in one season."

"The hell it is!" Kemp shot back as he offered another toast to the first-year coach. Then he told Bret that anything the team needed for its trip, he'd take care of it. A chartered bus, a rental car for the coach, whatever. Bret mentioned he'd like an out-of-the-way hotel Friday night so he could finally get some rest. He knew he wouldn't sleep much Thursday night, the night before the game, but he needed to be in the same hotel as the team.

On Friday night, after the team had gone home, the coach said he could really sleep. But other teams and their partying fans might be in the same hotel so he'd like something out of the way.

"Done," Clarence Kemp said. "And if you need a week off from school next week, let me know. I'll find a sub."

As the evening wore on and Clarence Kemp continued to pour drinks and offer straight shots, the coach found himself getting quite drunk.

"Just stay here," Clarence Kemp said, and Carrie, drinking wine, smiled. "We have lots of room."

"Well, I'd rather be home," he said. "I've probably got a ton of e-mails and phone calls to return in the morning. I should be there, and I should be fresh. But thanks for the party."

"Well, you're not driving home, Coach," Clarence said. "The cops in this town, no matter how successful you are or who you are, they wanna pull you over and bust you. I nearly got busted last night. Let me take you home."

"Daddy," Carrie Kemp chimed in, "I was going to go over to Eric's for a bit. They're watching movies over there. I could just drop Coach off."

"Great idea, doll," Clarence said. "We'll bring your Jeep back tomorrow morning bright and early if that's OK with you, Coach."

"Well, I guess," Bret said. "I don't want to put you out, Carrie.

"Not a problem, Coach," she said, smiling. "Not a problem."

The senior volleyball studette and the coach made small talk on the drive to the coach's house.

"I'm really not that drunk," he said. "I could've made it."

"You think I'm going to pass up an opportunity like this?" she said.

"By the way, who's Eric?" Bret asked. "I don't know any Erics in the school."

"He's a made-up guy," Carrie said, smiling, "Daddy doesn't have a clue."

Carrie dropped the coach off, circled the block and parked down the street a ways. Soon she was inside Bret's house and the two were as one against the living room wall. Bret moved his lips toward hers slowly and they touched lightly. They kissed gently, slowly and softly. He held her face closer while he ran his fingers through her hair. Then their lips joined and they kissed passionately, long and hard. His tongue was drawn into her warm mouth where it met her tongue.

The coach loved how Carrie Kemp kissed. He loved how she dressed. She was classy, but at the same time could be slutty. He got the feeling she was feeling slutty tonight. She'd changed from her black jeans and gray sweatshirt (Lakeville school colors) to tight blue jeans with no pockets on the back. The jeans showed off the sexy curves of her ass. When she got around to removing her windbreaker, the sexy senior had on a white top that tied at the front. It was currently untied and her large breasts were begging to get out.

Their kisses grew in intensity and passion as the coach and the high school senior stood there. Soon they moved to the coach's bedroom and he sat on the bed while the sexy senior stripped in front of him. Off came the white top, revealing a black, lacy bra. Off came the tight blue jeans. Black lacy panties remained.

She approached Bret again and they began kissing again. He ran a hand up along the side of her body and brushed her breast. He grabbed her ass and pulled her toward him as their hips began to grind together. She pushed the coach away, playfully, and begged him to strip for her. He obliged, smiling the entire time as he stripped down to blue bikini briefs. 

When they resumed kissing, his cock, aching to get out, was throbbing and pressing against her now-soaked panties. His hand moved to her right breast and cupped it over her bra. His thumb rubbed gently over her nipple, and the coach could feel her firmness through the thin material. She gasped slightly as he pressed lightly on her nipple and began to think about getting her completely naked. Bret pulled Carrie to a sitting position on the bed and unsnapped her bra, gently pulling it off, exposing her sexy breasts. Her nipples stood at attention as Bret prepared to make love to them with his tongue.

"Suck them," she said, half begging, half demanding. "I need your hot mouth on my nipples." The coach didn't have to be asked twice. He began sucking her beautiful tits while she ran her hands through his thick hair. They moved to a horizontal position on the bed with the coach still sucking, kissing, blowing on Carrie's nipples. Carrie lie next to Bret and lightly ran her fingernails up and down his legs, careful not to touch the brief or the organ inside of it. 

The coach could feel the precum oozing from his rock hard cock and he wanted to shoot it now, anywhere, but he allowed her to continue her magical massage. With increasing firmness she rubbed his body using her whole hand and fingers to squeeze his arms and thighs and shoulders. Bret was also caressing her back and ass while he continued to make love to her nipples. After what seemed like an eternity, Carrie pushed Bret onto his back and straddled him, pushing her tongue deep into his very receptive mouth. 

Her hand reached under his briefs and she began to stroke and rub his now aching and throbbing cock. Up and down the shaft she gently rubbed and teased. Then she reached down farther and massaged his balls. As she stroked and kissed Bret, she managed to slide his briefs off while at the same time easing out of her wet panties. Finally, they were both naked.

Then Bret turned the tables on Carrie and laid her on her back and once again started in on her nipples. He began to kiss her chest and lick at the sides and bottom of her sweet mounds. Again he used his tongue to circle her nipples as he allowed his lips to gently rub against them as if by accident. Occasionally she let out a quiet moan and then a gasp whenever the coach touched her nipples.

Her hips began to move rhythmically against his leg and he could feel the heat and wetness coming from her pussy. Then quickly Bret sucked in her whole left nipple. His tongue kneaded her nipple in his mouth and he teasingly bit softly with his teeth. His left hand grabbed her right nipples and pinched gently but firmly. She gasped louder and moaned, "mmmmmmmm yessssssssss, that feels so good, Coach.....yes...keep doing that."

He kept kissing and sucking and caressing her breasts, chest, neck and arms and slowly moved further down to where he could kiss he stomach. He wanted to go on with this for hours, but he also wanted a bigger prize: the taste of this increasingly hotter, wetter, very fragrant young pussy that was grinding feverishly against his naked hips.

Bret moved down further and positioned himself between her legs and began to kiss her calves and knees. Slowly he caressed her legs with his hands and moved his kisses further and further up the inside of her thighs. Her pubic hair, neatly trimmed and dark, was so wet it glistened in the soft light. All around her pussy it was already soaking wet and her clit was incredibly swollen.

Just as the coach was ready to dive in, Carrie interrupted him and said, "Tell me what you want, Coach. I wanna hear you say it."

Bret watched as Carrie closed her eyes and spread her legs wide. He kissed the back of her thighs right up to her ass. He could taste her juices on the side of her legs and her smell was irresistible. He knew she wasn't going to let him get any closer until he spoke, begged.

"Carrie, I want to taste your pussy," Bret said.

She moaned and said, "Keep saying it......keep saying it baby"

"I want to taste your hot, wet pussy." he repeated, actually starting to enjoy the dirty talk. Bret moved his mouth toward her lips and she held him back again.

"Say it again."

"Carrie......let me eat your pussy....I want my tongue in your pussy."

She moaned in approval, "Keep going....more."

He continued to kiss her legs getting closer and closer to her pussy lips and her mound. Bret rubbed her legs and hips with his hands.

"I want to suck in all of your wetness.....I want to suck your clit, baby." She was breathing so deep and heavy and a whimper was present with every exhale, but she kept talking back. "Oh Bret, do you really want me? Do...you...really...want my pussy?"

"God yes......let me stick my tongue in your hot, sweet, young pussy."

"I want you to have me...my...pussy. I want you to have it..."

He kept licking closer and closer eventually rubbing his tongue past her ass and to the base of her pussy. She moaned even louder and pulled her legs up, spreading them to give the coach full access to her pink, swollen pussy. Bret knew she was ready for him to enjoy the feast as she tried to pull his head further in between her legs. But he wanted to keep teasing her a bit longer. And, he was now thoroughly enjoying the dirty talk and knew Carrie was getting off on it too. Every time he spoke she acted like it was causing her pleasure, so he continued.
