 It had started innocently enough, between her and I. We each had a daughter playing on a very bad 8-and-under soccer team in the small town where we lived, but we had known each other since our children were in diapers. My daughters had helped begin her career in child care, the first 2 of many to be entrusted to her care. In the years since, she and her husband had started their own family and had 5 children in rapid succession. I had long admired her patience, good humor and playful good-looks. 

So here we were, sitting on the sideline, moaning and groaning our way through a very long season, watching our children lose any desire for victory that they might have had, while losing every game. They were coached by an emasculated, pencil-necked doofus, who had little idea of what he was doing. The kids he coached often displayed more backbone than he could muster. As the season drew to a merciful end, we decided that we could do a better job with the team, each of us having played in high school, and vowed to volunteer for the next year.

The following season passed quickly, winning some, losing some. We made a pretty good coaching team. The kids regained some passion for the game and most seemed to be having a good time. As our final game neared we had planned a pizza party at her home to reward the kids for a good season. 

A few days before the party I dropped by her house to discuss a few details for the planned shin-dig. I fully expected to find the house full of children, as was the norm, her 5 plus half a dozen others waiting for their parents to pick them up after work. When I pulled into the driveway, there was but one car, hers, and none of the kids I had expected to see running around. I assumed that there must be no one home, but rang the bell at the side door anyway, just to be sure. I waited for several minutes to no avail and turned to leave, catching a peek over the fence into their back yard as I descended the steps. A glimmer of reflected sunlight caught my eye from the swimming pool. There she was, floating on a lounge, wearing headphones and a drink in the cup holder. As I neared the pool I realized that the sunglasses she wore concealed the fact that she was asleep or at least had her eyes closed, as she had yet to acknowledge my presence.

I crept up to the pool side, absorbing the sight of her as I neared. She was wearing a form-fitting two-piece, horizontally striped on top to accentuate her large, round breasts. The bottoms were plain but tight shorts that climbed up just a little. It was obvious that chasing so many kids every day left her with little time to sit around eating bonbons. She looked absolutely delicious. 

I was caught completely by surprise when I heard her say, "What are you looking at coach?" 

I jumped a bit but managed to reply, "Listen, if you're going to lay there looking like that, people are going to stare, it's as simple as that!" 

"Watch it, I'm a married woman," she said, "but that's nice of you to say."

"Well you look fantastic, he's a lucky guy. I'll try to remind him of that fact the next time I see him."

"I wish you would, he hasn't been around much lately with all the overtime at work, and when he is home, he's exhausted all the time." She pouted.

I decided to flirt with her a bit, "Well if you need me to pinch hit for him, you just let me know!"

"Some day I just might take you up on that!" She grinned, the color rising in her cheeks.

I Thought I'd better stop this before it went too far, so I asked, "How is it you're here all by yourself anyway?"

"Each year I take a week off in the summer, I give the parents a couple of month's notice to make other arrangements," she explained. "Usually, we take a vacation somewhere, but money's tight this year so we decided to just relax at home for a week and catch up on some things around here. The kids were kind of restless this morning so he took them to the lake to go fishing. I guess he figured he's been away so much lately, that I could use a day to myself."

I took the hint and decided to make my exit, "I didn't mean to disturb your solitude, I just wanted to finalize plans for Friday, but I can come back tomorrow." 

"Oh stop it, I need another drink anyway, do you want one?" She asked.

"Sure, what the hell." I added with a shrug.

She climbed the ladder out of the pool and down the steps toward the house. She had a muscular round ass, that bounced just a little as she walked, and a tattoo in the small of her back. I followed at a slight distance to admire the view. She entered through the back door, which led to the kitchen, "What are you drinking?" she asked.

"Whatever you're having is fine" I said.

She removed a pitcher from the fridge and found an extra glass in the cupboard overhead. It was some sort of girly fruit concoction, that was sweet, but the presence of rum was unmistakable. 

We discussed a few minor details of the upcoming party, among the usual small talk, and managed to consume several rounds of the sweet but potent beverage. Getting up from her stool, she stumbled a bit and grabbed for the counter to keep from falling over. I reached out and grabbed her from behind to keep her on her feet, and accidentally got a handful of her left breast. It was as firm and wonderful as I had imagined. She quickly regained her balance, and blushing she shuffled off to the bathroom. I spent the next few minutes trying to decide what to say when she returned and settled on a simple apology. When she reappeared in the kitchen I said, "I'm sorry about that, I was just trying to help." 

"Don't worry about it," she winked at me, "that's more action than I've had in quite a while!"

"I can't tell you how that disturbs me," I said, "a body like that should be appreciated."

"Appreciated?" She quipped, an eyebrow raised.

"Absolutely! I could demonstrate if you like?." I said, looking her right in the eye.

"Ooh, I like the sound of that!" She said, moving closer to me, holding my gaze as she came. Her hands came up gently around the back of my head and pulled my mouth to hers. My hands came up her sides and I pulled her snugly to me. Our breathing became rapid as our tongues each probed for the other and locked in embrace. When our lips finally pulled apart, I held her eyes and whispered to her, "I need to taste you. I've imagined it so many times." I reached gently behind her, her body trembling at my touch, and unhooked her top. She pulled just slightly away from me to let it fall to the floor, then reached down and took my shirt in both hands and pulled it over my head. Throwing my shirt aside, her fingers traced down through the thick hair on my chest then up my arms to my head and pulled me into her again. Her naked breasts felt wonderful against me and we explored each other's bodies with our hands as we kissed.

She put her hands on my shoulders, pushing me down to my knees, then back onto the floor. I took her meaning and laid flat on my back. She stood above me, hooked her thumbs on each side of her bottoms just above those wonderful cheeks and seductively pushed them down over her shapely ass and thighs and reaching her feet, kicked them aside. She reached for my hands and stepped forward so that her feet were on either side of my waist. The sight of her above me was nearly more than I could take. She lowered herself very slowly to my mouth until she was only an inch or so away. Then taking my head in her hands she gasped, "Make me come. I need you to make me come." She pulled my head gently to her rapidly moistening vagina. I started slowly, licking up and down her swollen slit, watching her body twitch with each flick of my tongue. I watched as her hands slid up her stomach to her breasts, kneading them, her small hands covering barely half of them, and eventually to her nipples, which she lightly pinched. Her hands returned to her light matting of pubic hair where she tugged her lips apart allowing me better access to her clitoris, which I flicked softly but quickly with my tongue. I took her tight buns in my hands as her breathing increased, and pulled her even more tightly to my mouth. Many deep moans now accompanied her raspy breaths as I sucked in her clit and released it over and over again. "Oh God!" She panted as the first wave of her orgasm overcame her. "I'm gonna come!" Her body jerked, her teeth clenched hard and her eyes squeezed shut as she drew in giant gulps of air and then released them in massive guttural moans. Her hands found their way into my hair and used it to pull my face into her harder. I kept sucking in her clit as the ripples of pleasure enveloped her. She squirmed and shook until the feeling finally subsided.

Catching her breath, she slid down my body so that she could kiss me, her tongue probing my mouth for her own juices. Pulling slightly away, she smiled and said, "I might need some more of that, it's been a really long time."

"Whatever you need, I'm there for you." I said.

She smirked at me and rose up a bit, turning around and repositioning herself with her slit hovering over my mouth. I felt her unbuttoning my shorts and I lifted my hips a bit to help her in removing them. After tossing them aside she wriggled her hips back down to meet my waiting tongue. Her musky scent washed over me as I buried my face in her, attacking her wetness with determination. Her body rocked with each brush of her now very sensitive clitoris. I could feel her working over the tip of my penis with her tongue, pausing every so often engulf my entire length, causing me to breath heavily into her wetness. She was working me over expertly, using her hand to stroke the base of my cock in unison with her plunging mouth. I soon found myself on the brink of orgasm. I tried to concentrate on the task at hand. I brought two fingers to my mouth, lubricated them with my saliva and pushed one, then two fingers into her, moving them in and out, all the while rotating a thumb over her clit. She stopped what she was doing now and again to draw in a deep breath to let me know she appreciated what I was doing. I could tell she was getting close again. I pulled my fingers from her, well lubricated and placed one at her anus, pushing gently. It eventually broke the seal and went into her smoothly but very slowly. She drew in a sharp breath as my finger entered her, but soon she was pushing back at my hand, urging me inward. I continued with the pressure until I had buried my index finger, then relaxed into a nice easy stroke. She had stopped completely what she was doing, consumed by her own pleasure. My tongue returned to her clitoris and I shoved my thumb into her vagina as far as I could. She bucked wildly, making it difficult to keep my tongue on her clit, though it was obvious she was doing fine without it . She flopped back down on me, taking in my length in one desperate gulp and pumping me until we came together, each of us enjoying the feeling we hadn't had in so long. She gagged a bit as I shot, but she kept me in her mouth, swallowing hungrily with each spurt of my come. 

She rolled off and collapsed next to me, pushing in close, running her fingers through the hair on my chest. She whispered to me, "He never does that to me, it was wonderful." She kissed me passionately and ran her hand down to rapidly stiffening member. "I hope you're not quite done yet." She said. "I want to feel you inside me, we may never get another chance like this."

She ran her hand up and down my shaft, all the while probing my mouth with her tongue. When I had hardened to her satisfaction, she rolled back on top of me, her wonderful round breasts hanging in my face. Holding herself up with one hand she reached between her legs and guided my aching cock toward her slippery hole. The tip of my penis became lubricated as she rubbed it against her clit, bringing a smile to her face, then mine. She leaned in for a deep kiss letting the underside of my cock slide up and down through her slippery crack. She teased me until I thought I would die from the anticipation, then rose up a bit, letting my cock find it's way into her. Moving her hips slowly, she worked her way down on me, eventually taking my entire length, and began a gentle front to back grind, all the while kissing me deeply, exploring my mouth, bringing her breasts to my mouth for a nibble. I hadn't been inside of a woman in a very long time, and I thought I hadn't ever felt anything so wonderful before in my life.

Her breathing was coming more rapidly and her pace quickened. She took my hands as she sat up, pulled them up to her luscious breasts and showed me to knead them the way she liked. Before long she was bouncing atop me, her head thrown back and her eyes closed, shouting, "OH, OH, OH," with each full penetration. When she came, she wrapped her arms around me, pulling my head to her breast. Her entire body tensed, clamping down on me like nothing I had ever felt. I pulled her to me and held her tightly, wanting to fill her as completely as I could. When our mutual orgasm had subsided, I gave her the most passionate kiss I could muster, and told her that I would never forget this day. 

We stayed like that for a long time, sharing some deep kisses and longing looks. She said she had always had a "thing" for me. I admitted to thinking of her when having sex with my wife. We wondered to ourselves if we could somehow continue this affair. Although we agreed that we wanted to get together again, we knew it would probably never happen. Somehow we had each married a caring, loving person, that had lost interest in sex. Each of our spouses had many great qualities. It wasn't as if we were looking for someone new, we just lacked passion in our lives. I loved my family as much as she loved hers, and we knew that if we were ever caught, it would be the end of that for each of us. Looking back, as wonderful as it was, it was just my incredible good fortune to have found her alone that day, a bit drunk and feeling neglected. I can't help but wonder though, if the planets might align again someday and give us another opportunity. Until then though, I'll just have to hang on to the memories.