 … The mystery of Mistress Mountshaft…

The carriage and four was painted an eye catching blue, with the window and fittings picked out in gold coach lines. The four bay horses pulling the coach had clearly been selected no only for their physique but also to match each other in the lustre of their coats. Their black tack contrasted with well polished brasses.

The coach was driven by a rugged but handsome coachman, Martin, wearing a dark blue worsted livery coat buttoned to the neck, with matching tight riding breeches and long black boots. Sitting next to the coachman was a finer featured man dressed in dark grey riding breeches, white stockings and black buckle shoes that displayed a fine calf to best effect. He wore a white shirt and silk neckerchief with a black waistcoat and matching morning coat. Resting across his lap was a shotgun which he restrained with his fine black gloved hands.

The inside of the coach was upholstered in deeply buttoned light blue West of England cloth with a plush pelt. The woodwork was painted to match the blue exterior of the coach and each of windows had matching blue blinds. 

The occupant. Lady Clarissa Needham, wore a wine red velvet gown which drew the eye to the finest bosom in the west, not overlarge but complying with the accepted measure of excellence – the british standard handful. This was set off to best effecting with a tempting décolletage. Her feet were clad in elegant embroidered calf length riding boots. Over her gown she wore a long black velvet coat with a contrasting black and red velvet stole. Her face was characterised by clearly defined check bones, greeny blue eyes which sparkled with a hint of wicked intent. Her hair was drawn back and secured under slightly extravagant black hat. A tartan carriage rug lay discarded across the seat.

The impact of the whole ensemble was impressive, as indeed it was intended to be, and displayed affluence without ostentation. From Lady Clarissa’s manner she was clearly mistress of all she surveyed, she was however bored with her seemingly endless journey to Lickfold in Surrey. The motion of the coach was irregular as it made is way over the poorly maintained road through the deeply wooded countryside. 

She was impatient to reach her destination, where she was expected under her nom-de-guerre of Mistress Mountshaft. She had not had anyone to talk to for the whole morning as Silas her butler had insisted on riding shotgun as the area was well known for its highwaymen. Silas took his duties as her protector with considerable seriousness, though with increasing boredom Clarissa did consider that she would have preferred his company and perhaps the execution of some of his more intimate duties. She recalled with some fondness that she had in the past always found that highwaymen demands for money and chattels could be moderated to some other more transient favour to the mutual satisfaction of all parties, even when the highwaymen operated in larger gangs. 

As her reverie continued she speculated on how Silas might set about distracting her from this endless journey. Perhaps he would detect from her restlessness with conversation about the dangers of travel, or forthcoming appointments, that more direct attention was required. Silas was usually a good judge of his mistress’s mood and requirements. There was an indeed an itch that needed scratching.

“Mistress, I notice that your boot lace has come undone” he might venture.

Dropping onto his knees he would then gently lift the hem of her gown and examine her boot clad calf. His hand would gently hold her ankle as he carefully checked the laces. A particularly large jolt would cause him grasp her knee to brace himself, causing her black cloak to unbutton and the gown to ride up exposing a glimpse of stocking covered thigh

Silas would look up at his Mistress and see THAT sparkle in her eye and watch quietly as she pulled down the carriage blinds. Both of his hands would then make their way onto her knees and start a slow but inexorable journey along the smooth thigh to the point where the embroidered stocking top heralded the start of smooth bare white skin. Lady Clarissa’s feet would now be resting on the seat opposite, with her knees either side of Silas head. Silas would be now approach familiar ground as his duties as Lady Clarissa's groundsman and lawn keeper required regular visits to her bush, which he was charged with ensuring was always smooth and expertly manicured. 

As his hands moved on upwards he knew that this duty today required more than a light trim, and his member would stiffen as his nostrils captured her alluring and enchanting perfume combining her own with the best that Paris could offer. This heady cocktail never failed to instantly arouse him. His fingers would begin a gentle transit of her smooth moistening cleft and……

“Mistress, Mistress..!!”

Lady Clarissa’s reverie was interrupted by a cry from onto of the coach. She open her eyes with a start and took her hands from under her cloak and sat upright.

Silas was calling down.

“ There is a man ahead walking by his horse, we must proceed carefully, please lock the carriage doors, draw down the blinds and do not say anything until I am able to ensure that all is safe”.

The carriage slowed to a gentle walking pace, and Silas called to the lone horseman. Lady Clarissa strained to hear his reply, but could not.

Presently the carriage came to a halt, her interest was aroused, perhaps it would be a highwayman, she hope that Silas had remembered her strict instruction not to place himself in danger or to start an exchange of fire. Her heart beat a little faster, partly from fear and partly from excitement. Perhaps the days journey would not be completely without excitement.

“Good morning Sir, what brings you to be walking with your horse rather than riding?” asked Silas, with suspicion clearly in his voice. Silas sat with his weapon clearly on display.

The traveller had stopped walking once he had heard the carriage approaching and was standing by his horse watching. He was a young man in his early twenties, slightly over six foot tall, with shoulder length brown curly hair, brown eyes and round spectacles. He was standing looking relaxed with an easy smile, though with slightly reddened checks from the exertion of walking. His riding coat and neckerchief were slung over the horse and he wore a white shirt open to the neck with fawn breeches, which were very tight, and calf length brown boots.

“Hello sir , I’m travelling to Box where I am engaged by Mr Brunel as an indentured engineer in the construction of a railway tunnel and my horse has thrown a shoe. I am mightily glad to see a friendly face, for these part are renown as the haunt of highwaymen”

“ What’s your name young sir?” asked Silas, much more relaxed but still on his guard

“Mark Fitzpatrick, from Stroud in the county of Gloucestershire, where are you travelling to Sir?”

Lady Clarissa had by now positioned herself so she could eye up the young man through a small gap in the blinds. As she cast her well trained eye over him she contemplated that he would serve well as a subject for her art soirees at Needham Manor. He was a handsome young buck with a taught rump and finely proportioned haunches and the delicate long fingers she always preferred. Her tutored eyed did not omit to notice that he had big feet. 

“Mmmm what have here” she thought to herself.

She released the blind from the door and open the carriage window

“Silas, have you no compassion for this poor young man who is clearly fatigued and in need of our assistance”

“Mistress, I was just ch…..” started Silas by way of explanation

“Now Mr Fitzpatrick, we are on our way to Lickfold, where we have rooms reserved at the Crown Inn, now please come with us and I am sure that we can find a blacksmith to attend to your horse. 

“Martin jump down and secure Master Mark’s horse to the carriage, look lively now. Silas put your gun down and help me from the carriage” Lady Clarissa’s authoritive tone brooked no argument.

As she stepped down from the carriage to inspect their new acquaintance at close quarters, she was relieved that the boredom of the journey had at last been broken and a fresh challenge was before her.

Mark’s horse was soon unsaddled and his luggage and survey equipment boxes stowed on the carriage. With his neckerchief and riding coat restored Mark now resembled more a gentleman that the highwayman that Silas had at first suspected.

Lady Clarissa insisted that Mark join her inside the carriage, for his recuperation and so that she might make his acquaintance. As their journey resumed, Mark considered and remarked on his good fortune as being rescued by so fine a lady with such a magnificent carriage.

They talked first of shared acquaintances from Gloucestershire and then Mark talked of his exciting work for the renowned Mr Brunel and the exacting survey work he undertook. Lady Clarissa’s concentration lapsed slightly at the technical content of the enthusiastic young man story, though she did prick up her ears at the sound of his telescopic staff, which was six long when packed for travel and expanded to twelve when readied for action – was that inches she wondered, the bulge in his breeches suggested it might well be.

For Mark Fitzpatrick, the slightly overlong answers to her polite questions were partly a matter of nerves, for his eyes were constantly drawn to her shapely figure, finely turned calf and spell binding bosom, while desperately trying to quell the stirring in his breeches.

“Now Master Mark, I insist that you join with us and stay at my suite of rooms at the Crown until we have attended to your steed and you are able to make safe your onward journey.”

“I am entirely in your debt Lady Clarissa, and would want to offer whatever service I can by way of a measure of my gratitude”

“That will not be necessary Master Mark, but I am nevertheless sure that we can find some other way for you to express your gratitude” 

Mark was sure that he saw a twinkle in her eye as she said this, but their carriage had drawn up a the Crown before he could observe her more closely, and they were soon surrounded by the innkeeper’s men unloading the coach and fussing around their important guest.

“ Welcome Mistress Mountshaft, we are most privileged to have you as our esteemed guest once more …”

“Mistress Mountshaft? but surely this was Lady Clarissa Needham” thought Mark, he was now very confused, but was bustled by Silas into overseeing the unloading of his survey equipment, before he could question matters any further.

Coaching Mark - Part 2

Mark busied himself supervising the unloading of his precious survey equipment, and Silas directed him to a room on the first floor. The unloading of the carriage and transport of Lady Clarissa’s trunks to her rooms was all undertaken with a well oiled efficiency, and accompanied by what seemed to Mark to be some knowing smiles.

There was no opportunity for Mark to speak to anyone or to resolve his confusion as just who was who. As Mark carried that last of his bags up the uneven inn stairs and along the corridor, Lady Clarissa appeared through a doorway.

“ Ah Master Mark, I was just looking for you, I do hope that you will join me for supper this evening, I will send Silas for you”

It was clearly more of a summons than an invitation, Mark was glad to accept either.

The Crown Inn was comfortable inn dating back to Tudor times, with a fine parlour dating from the Stuart dynasty with oak panelling and a lattice plaster ceiling. Mark’s upstairs room were comfortable furnished with a substantial bed, nightstand and oak wardrobe. Mark sat on the edge of his bed and with a bit of struggle pulled off his riding boots, and lay back on his bed and looked into the flames of the fire opposite. He had had a long tiring and eventful day, as he listened to the sounds of activity around him he though, indeed he was sure he could here Silas’s voice in the room next door.

Lady Clarissa’s mood was much improved as Silas bustled about her unpacking trunks and arranging her suite of rooms. She was, as always, looking forward to her busy schedule of activities over the next few days. Her sense of anticipation and warm tingle between her thighs was heightened by the unscheduled appearance of Mark Fitzpatrick, who else, she wondered wickedly, would he fit. His slightly self conscious innocence attracted her considerably and would provide an ideal counterbalance to the seasoned performances that would fill the rest of her time, and much else besides over the next few days.

Having secured his company for supper, Lady Clarissa allowed herself to run through her mental menu for her seduction of young Mark. Her daydream was interrupted by Silas. 

“Mistress, I have unpacked your trunks and perhaps you would like to survey my arrangement to satisfy yourself that all is in order before I prepare your bath.”

Lady Clarissa followed Silas as he lead the tour of inspection of her suite of rooms. The dining room was set with an oak table and four chairs, with a chaise longue and a rocking chair arranged in front of good sized fireplace. The bedchamber was well proportioned with a large four-poster bed with velvet drapes. On one side of the bed was a dressing table with an upholstered stool, on the other side was a bedside table and wardrobe with two mirrored doors. At the end of the bed were Lady Clarissa’s trunks opened up and now revealed as a fine mahogany travelling chest of drawers.

There was a further doorway from the bedchamber which led into to a smaller room. This bath chamber contained a nightstand with water jug , bowl and mirror, a dressing chair, clothes horse and clothes rail set in front of a hot water range stove, which had a good fire burning in the open grate. In the centre of the room was a large enamelled hip bath, the suite of rooms clearly were of the highest standards of luxury and modernity.

“ Excellent Silas I think it is time we started to get ready for supper, I shall require the highest standards of preparation and attention to detail”

“Yes Mistress, it will be my pleasure as always. I shall draw the bath now”

Once Silas had drawn the bath, he ushered his mistress into the bath chamber where she sat on the dressing chair. Take each leg in turn with his back toward her, he gently slipped off her calf length boots. 

With his coat removed and bending over in his tight breeches Lady Clarissa found herself admiring his taught buttocks, perhaps she would give him a little more relief this week, but then again keeping him in suspense was rather pleasurable too.

Silas then ran his hands up her shapely calves to just above her knee and slipped off her stockings and folded them over the clothes horse.

He gestured Lady Clarissa to stand up and then began to unhook her wine red velvet gown. With the hooks released and the cuffs unbuttoned he eased the gown off her shoulders, though his fingers lingered on the cusp of her shoulders just slightly longer than was proper. As the gown dropped to the floor she stepped out it and towards the fire.

Lady Clarissa was now revealed in a tight cream corset and matching petticoats as Silas stood behind her and started to unlace. His riding breeches were beginning to show a larger than normal bulge for the undressing ritual never failed to fully excite him. Once the corset was unlaced he moved around his mistress to lift the corset away and feasted on her magnificent bosom, now released from its confines, each full breast was gently rounded and supported a neat inviting upward facing pink nipple. Silas ruefully considered how someone else would soon be enjoying the delight of burying one’s face between these luscious mounds and slurping on the pert nipples.

With the corset set on the clothes horse, Silas deftly released the petticoat drawstrings and let the petticoat drop as Lady Clarissa took a pace towards the steaming hip bath.

Her full and glorious arse was caught in perfect artist’s pose as she lifted her leg into the bath, Silas was now fully erected. His state arousal was increased as he washed her back. Lady Clarissa smiled at him and guided his hand to her left breast, he needed no further encouragement to massage both and tease her nipples into a state similar to that of his cock.

“You may kiss them each – briefly Silas” she said taking pity on him. Silas wished that she would release his staining and substantial cock from its prison and caress and engulf it – he knew better that to expect this.

Once she had been fully washed, Silas helped her from the bath and dried her carefully, taking special care in all her crevices. He could and feel that his ministrations were having a considerable effect on his mistress’s pussy, and fought back his urge to bury his tongue between her moist folds.

“Silas, I want to be especially smooth for this evening’s soiree, so fetch you mowing equipment and attend me in my bedchamber”

Silas did as instructed, and unpacked badger bristle brush and the special razor, made up some shaving foam, and took these with a warmed towel and bowl of hot water into the bedroom.

There Lady Clarissa had donned a silk dressing gown and lay on the bed with her knees drawn up and slightly spread. Silas knelt down at the edge of the bed and with the shaving equipment safely placed on the bedside table feasted his eyes on the lush thigh and moist pussy in front of him. He breathed in deeply and savoured her sweet intoxicating aroma.

Then he set to, parting her legs more widely and applied the badger bristle brush to her soft bush. Her pussy was almost complete smooth except for a little light bush atop her mons. Holding her skin taught he ran the razor in steady movements along the inside of her pelvis, as he did he rested his thumb over her hooded clitoris and let it move in tiny circles as the opposing finger maintained the tension on the skin being shaved. He knew this would have an effect on his mistress, and indeed he could see her pussy lips starting to swell.

“Silas, does your thumb have to be ……… ummmm there?”

“Yes mistress”, as he looked up he noticed that Lady Clarissa had one hand running over and around a breast and her nipples were erect, but her eyes were shut and her mouth was held in a slight smile.

“Silas, you may briefly kiss my little cherub when you are done”

“Yes mistress, thank you mistress”

As he completed his mowing duties with deft movements, his thumb maintained its pressure and movement and he could see that a tiny rivulet of moisture had washed away the remaining lather between her pussy and rosebud, and that her pussy lips were now fully swollen and presaging their invitation to slip inside.

He lowered his head between her smooth creamy thighs and ran his tongue up the inside of each leg, and then ran his tongue up the outside of each pussy lip, but stopped short of her cherub on each occasion.

“Silas!” her voice was now much more urgent, “Kiss my cherub now, please, lick it suck it, please, now”. She knew that this was her normal mode of address, but her urgent desire, need and immediate requirements got the better of her. 

“Mistress, the tightness in my breeches is distracting me from my proper duties” countered Silas, making the most of the opportunity.

“Well release him quickly and let me see that he is not injured in anyway”

Silas stood up, the knob of his substantial cock was protruding above his waistband, and he unbuttoned his breeches and let them drop to his knees. 

Lady Clarissa sat up and ran her hands over his cock, starting at the base and gliding along his length, he was circumcised and was completely free from hair, she was a great deal more fond of this fine specimen than she let Silas know, she was tempted to make a meal of him there and then, but her own pressing needs and thoughts of her forthcoming young conquest limited her to few expert strokes and a chaste kiss and lingering lick of his knob.
