 Mark awoke the next morning, he could still feel a tingling in his balls. His hand gently fanned the bedclothes as his moved to stroke himself and in so doing wafted the aroma of Clarissa's pussy past his nostrils quickly bringing his cock to firmness.

So it was not a dream and to prove it to himself he brought his hand to his face for a draft of the intoxicating smell of passion. As he considered reliving last night's initiation whilst having a long slow wank, he noticed the time. 

His euphoria was interrupted by habit, it had gone 8 o'clock, he was late, he should be dressed, he should be on his way, he should......

Mark jumped out of bed, his long and now slightly softening cock bouncing from side to side and he crossed the room the wardrobe. As he open the wardrobe door he could clearly here the dulcet tones of Lady Clarissa mixed with Silas' slight west country burr, this was enough to stop him in his tracks. 

As he closed and then opened the wardrobe door their voices came and went, Mark resolved to investigate further once he had taken breakfast and checked the blacksmith's progress in re-shoeing his horse.

He dressed quickly, and made his way down into the parlour. As soon as he was he seated he was spotted by Sally, the serving girl, who came over smiling at him quizzically and took his order for a hearty breakfast of boiled eggs and pork chops.

She returned soon after with a steaming platter.

"How are you this morning Sir?" she said suggestively "I expect you slept well after a hard day" he was sure she had emphasised the ‘hard'. Then as she turned and left him she said, with a titter.

"I don't know why a fine gentleman like you should need any help, I expect there's plenty of fine girls round here who help you for free".

Mark was both embarrassed and puzzled, as well as a little flattered by her flirting, but how could she know, as she obviously did, what he had been up to last night, what did she mean about getting help for free?

As Mark tucked into his breakfast he was too pleased with himself at the feeling of now being a ‘real man' to worry any more. With the egg and chops dispatched he left the inn and walked across the green to the blacksmith's yard to find out when his horse would be re-shoed. The blacksmiths shop was deserted, the hearth was cold and there was no sign of the blacksmith. A young apprentice waved him towards his horse stabled in the yard. 

Mark was unable to establish where the blacksmith was or when he might return. He resigned himself to having to wait at least another couple of days, his concern at what his employer Mr Brunel might make of this delay was quickly assuaged by the opportunity to spend more time in the company of Lady Clarissa and resolve the mystery of why the inn staff referred to her as ‘Mistress Mountshaft'.

Lady Clarissa was gently woken by Silas proffering a cup of hot chocolate. Silas came for her Ladyship at 9 o'clock, but if the truth be known Silas had already cum for Lady Clarissa about an hour or so earlier whilst lying in his bed in the servants' quarters. In fact this morning's wank was enhanced by the recall of his attentions to his mistress's pussy after completing his mowing duties the previous evening. 

He had added to this memory by imagining that his mistress was not married to Sir Neville Needham, but to him and that she could reveal her true feelings toward him. He replayed the sensations of his tongue traversing her succulent pussy, and nibbling at her proud clit. 

This time, in his fantasy, instead of running his fine cock between her pussy lips and spurting onto to her belly, he followed her urging to drive it deep inside her welcoming quim. He had erupted in a fountain of spunk as he imagined her declaring her everlasting passion for him.

After he had wiped the creamy fluid from his chin and off his chest and stomach, Silas had consoled himself with the thought that half a meal was better than no meal at all. Anyway without him who else was going to safeguard and protect her whilst she pleasured herself of her gentle and not so gentle-men friends, and with these thoughts he continued in his duties in readying his mistress for her morning engagements.

As Clarissa quietly sipped her hot drink, Silas selected her apparel from the travelling chest and laid then out along the bottom of her four poster bed. There was no need to speak, it was a daily routine, varying only with the particular selection of clothing to suit her engagements, each was caught up in their own private thoughts.

Lady Clarissa, while not completely putting last night's little dalliance from her mind, was concentrating more on her morning engagement, indeed she had been anticipating this for some weeks, savouring the anticipation, considering nuances of expression, and teasing movements and poses she might strike later on that morning.

For his part, Silas felt the usual mix of excitement, tingled with jealousy, topped with the hint a satisfaction in the knowledge that he could match or better any of her acquaintances in most respects except wealth, but then such is the vanity of men.

At a little after 10 o'clock while Silas was stoking the fire in sitting room, there came a firm knock upon the door, Silas opened the door to a tall broad man in a long cloak, collar turned up and with a wide brimmed hat. 

"Ah well done there my man..." the newcomer stepped into the room without waiting for Silas to say anything, he had the manner and posture of a man used to doing much as he pleased.

He handed his hat to Silas and unclasped his cloak, Silas waited and then helped the cloak off his shoulders. 

"Good morning, Sir Jasper, I shall tell Mistress that you have arrived"

"Ah yes, err there's a good chap" Sir Jasper's voice matched his presence, he stood at least 6' 2", with a ruddy complexion, a few broken veins suggested he had spent some few years indulging himself in good food and good wine, the form outlined in his breeches however indicated that he did not lead a sedentary lifestyle, and though broad he was still capable of turning a lady's eye.

He had sharp green eyes, wavy brown hair and a prominent nose, which might turn fleshy as the year progressed, and a dimpled chin. His hands were broad but the fingers had remained slender unsullied by any sort of manual labour, he used a well manicured finger nail to flick open the timepiece he had taken from his embroidered waistcoat pocket. He held himself with assurance and had a twinkle in his eye to match a silvered tongue which he used to good effect upon the attached and un-attached ladies of the county.

This was not a man accustomed to having to wait too long for anything, he paced across the room and examined the fire in a desultory sort of way, his face however suggested anticipation rather than frustration, as he adjusted his crotch, and glanced at his reflection in the window pane. 

Since his last encounter with Clarissa, they had maintained a suggestive and barely disguised correspondence. The thrill of writing, reading and imagining the details and circumstance of their next meeting had all but taken over his thoughts in the last few weeks. Indeed neither the recent conquest and youthful enthusiasm of Sarah the nursemaid, or the tutored charms of Mary Chase, the vicar's neglected wife, had assuaged his desires.

After a generous five minutes or so, Lady Clarissa made her way to the bedroom door and glided through into the sitting room whilst Silas retired into the dressing room. Clarissa was wearing a embroidered silk dressing gown, with dragons coursing their way down her back and along the sleeves, under this simple gown she was firmly laced into her bespoke whale boned corset, this was half cupped so her bosom was barely prevented from overflowing. 

Her stockings extended halfway up her thighs and were folded over simple white linen garters tied in a bow the outside. In between the stocking top and base of the corset there was only a smooth expanse of gently rolling thigh, pussy and stomach, on her feet were a pair of button laced white calf length boots in fine leather. Her auburn hair was loose and flowed onto her shoulders.

She smiled warmly as Sir Jasper approached her and took her proffered hand

"My dearest, loveliest Mistress Mountshaft, it is not possible to tell you how wonderful and alluring you look, my dear, mere words cannot describe how much I have been looking forward to seeing you again" they embraced and her kissed on each cheek, the tone of his voice dropped " I hope however that my actions will show you how much I have been anticipating your company".

"Sir Jasper, I can assure you that I too have been looking forward to renewing our acquaintance, and how I might have the opportunity to ensure your continuing affections"

"Ah Mistress, I can assure that you need have no concern on that account if you are to tantalise me in so many new ways as is your unfailing custom" Sir Jasper's hand had now moved less decorously to caress Lady Clarissa's sumptuous posterior, "I do admit that I have been a little free with the parlour maids and milkmaids these last few months, but there has been none to approach the splendour of your pussy". 

Sir Jasper now moved his other hand around Lady Clarissa and made little secret of his intentions. Lady Clarissa was too quick for him and whilst returning his increasingly passionate kisses, she slipped his embrace.

"Now Sir Jasper, you will not find my fancy so quickly, you will have to woo me more subtly than you take any of your parlour maids", she lightly ran her hand over the growing bulge in his breeches as she moved around the dining table pursued by Sir Jasper.

She let Sir Jasper approach her again and as he resumed his frontal assault, with expressions of growing passion, she moved her hand between his legs collecting his balls and tweaked them with a flick of her wrist.

Sir Jasper was halted in mid bluster, his hands returned slowly to his sides. Lady Clarissa maintained a gentle hold on his crotch and leaned forward and kissed him squarely on the lips, and as his hands moved back to envelop her, she again stopped him with another tweak of the wrist. They alternated between fulsome deep and probing kisses and pauses as Clarissa had to twist her wrist to bring Sir Jasper under control.

Each twist caused his cock to grow harder and longer and for his passion to rise. Murmurs of pleasure and sharp intakes of breath replaced his bluster, with each interlude of gentle caress his words became less demands for debauchery and more entreaties for release.

"Now Sir Jasper, why don't you come this way?" Lady Clarissa breathed into his ear as she lead him by the balls into her bedchamber , "and we will see what my friend Mistress Mountshaft can do to relieve this stiffness. It may take some while to effect a fulsome cure, but I'm sure you will be coming back for more in no time at all"

They moved into the bedroom, which was centre set with a large four poster bed, to the left hand side along a wall was a tall wardrobe with mirrored doors, on the opposite side of the bed was a dressing table with an upholstered stool. there was a further doorway from the bedchamber which led into to the adjoining dressing and bathing chamber where Silas maintained his vigil.

She sat Sir Jasper on the end of the bed, and released the belt of her silk dressing gown to slowly reveal her décolletage that flowed generously from her half cupped whale boned corset. Sir Jasper gasped at the smooth expanse of gently rolling thigh, bare shaven pussy and stomach that stretched down from the base of the corset to the tops of her silk stockings halfway up her milky white thighs.

Mistress Mountshaft then set about undressing him removing his jacket and waistcoat and undoing his neckerchief, all the while occasionally stroking his thigh and tracing the outline of his cock through his breeches and exchanging brief tantalising kisses. 

Sir Jasper was uncharacteristically quiet as his eyes feasted on the glimpse of creamy thigh and proud pink quim as her dressing gown swayed open matching the movement of her hands in removing his clothing.

Clarissa teased him with little asides " I having been giving considerable thought as to how I am going to satisfy that stallion in your breeches"

"I hope you have remembered to stop playing with yourself, as I instructed in my last letter, you are going to need all of your stamina, for I shall need a jolly good rogering"

She stood him up and removed his shirt and caressed his chest, before allowing him to embrace and wantonly kiss her. Sir Jasper's hands started roving first over her breast outside the silk, then slipping his hands inside the dressing gown to allow his hands to seek out Clarissa's rapidly glistening pussy. 

Clarissa revelled in the feeling of lust and power as her spread her thighs and thrust herself forward and took complete control of this powerful man. Soon however she reeled herself in, consoled in the thought of how the final release would benefit from a prolongation of the entrée.

"Now Sir Jasper, your boots, I think" 

As he sat back down Clarissa slowly let her dressing gown slip from her shoulders and into a pool on the floor, her legs set slightly apart and her bald quim swollen with her inner pussy wantonly displayed, their distinctive perfume wafting across the room.

Clarissa turned around stepping over his outstretched leg to remove his boot. She bent down and with an theatrical flourish exposed her glorious arse. She gripped his right boot and drew it tight up into her crotch and rubbed herself along the long smooth well polished upper leather. As she moved herself forward and back along the boot with exaggerated movements she left a little trail of moisture along the top of the boot.

The sight of this erotic display was driving Sir Jasper to distraction, he wanted to put his bursting cock where his boot now lay, yet at the same time he wanted this licentious display to last for ever.

"It think it's time for this boot to come off"

"Mmmm, I think it's ready, like my throbbing dick, to shoot right across the room" said Sir Jasper as he placed his left foot on Clarissa's upturned checks and together they eased the boot off.

Clarissa then turned around, and standing with her knees slightly bent continued to play with the boot rubbing up and down her swollen and moist labia, moaning gently with her eyes closed imagining riding a veritable stallion. Sir Jasper watched in awe his hand frantically working his cock which was still encased in his tight breeches.

Lady Clarissa's transformation into Mistress Mountshaft was now complete with this brazen and wanton display worthy of the most accomplished Parisian whore.

Clarissa smiled wickedly at him, "Do you think you will be hard enough for me once I get to that cock of yours"

"Have no doubt you wanton hussy, if I don't get to fill your pussy soon, I am going to spray my seed in these breeches!"

She moved to repeat her performance on the left boot, this time as she straddled his leg and displayed her enflamed pussy, Sir Jasper leaned forward and caressed her arse and ran his finger between her bum cheeks and slipped them along the length of her dripping lips. Clarissa had a good of trouble in maintaining her measured pace, for she was now as aroused as Sir Jasper, and her pussy ached to filled with a thick hard cock.

With the left boot now removed, Clarissa moved forward and took Sir Jasper's hand and drew it to her exposed and distended puss and thrust herself toward and shivered as she felt his finger slip inside her quim and his thumb rub against her clitoris. She left his hand to continue its pleasing work and set to unbutton his fly and released his proud purple headed cock and their aching companion balls.

With the fly unbuttoned, Sir Jasper moved his hands to his side and raised his bottom, Clarissa then gripped the waistband of his riding breeches and in a single swift deft movement he was released and his cock bounced free.

"I shall die if I don't fuck you this minute Mistress"

"Steady now tiger, I need to inspect this fine specimen first" 

Clarissa gripped his cock and drew it and its now naked owner up to the head of the bed, where she proceeded to stroke him one hand while her other caressed his balls, before tightly squeezing the base of his cock to preventing him from spraying his precious seed over her belly and corset.

His cock was of a good length and particularly thick, such that she could not completely close her delicate hand around the dark and heavily veined shaft, he was circumcised with bulbous purple head which shone with his own juices. He lay back onto the pillows as her fingers traced their way along the back of the shaft from balls to frenulum and then teasingly around the rim of the bulbous head. 

It was all that Sir Jasper could do to hold himself back, for he had abstained from any ejaculation for three days as she directed, his balls now ached for release, the tweaking Clarissa had given them earlier had made them ache even more. He has not abstained for such a time for many years. 

"Ohh Mistress how I want to roger you and spray your insides and outsides with this spunk, it feels like fire in my balls, Ohh please release me let me come, I must have you, I must taste you, oohhh I must…….!!".

Clarissa lay down beside him, her hand moving from his quivering cock and drew him into an embrace smothering his pleas. 

As they lay side by side she responded willingly to Sir Jasper's impassioned kisses, their tongues mashed together exploring each other deeply, Sir Jasper's tongue galloping at pace, Clarissa's making teasing darting motions and occasionally pulling up his tongue by capturing it between her teeth and sucking hard until it seemed he was drawn completely inside her.

Sir Jasper hands worked over her curvaceous arse, as she threw her one leg over his and ran the inside of her thigh up and down his leg. His cock was pressed hard against the swell of her mons, as her leg reached the top of its arc it drew Clarissa's moist pussy lips into contact with his balls and the base of his straining cock, coating them with her copious nectar. 

After a good five minutes in which no words were spoken, only occasional sighs and grunts of pleasures, Clarissa drew away from him, and guided his mouth to her full breast. He was now completely in her awe as her suckled on each teat in turn, before cupping then in hands and nuzzling between them.

She gently guided him down her, passed the smooth swell of her belly towards the intoxicating aroma of a fully aroused dripping puss. Sir Jasper was reduced to whimpering appreciative murmurs as he breathed in deep and ran his tongue along her smooth shaved mons and into the free flowing well of her throbbing pink quim.

As his tongue touched her clitoris she shuddered for she too was now close to the edge and barely able to control her animal urges. She would have surrendered to vixen inside her some while ago but for the taking of fresh young Mark last night.

"Ahhh , yess, mmmm Sir Jasper you kiss, you lick you…ahh so well, I'm ripe for picking, plucking, rogering, mounting,  ahhhh ..... mating"

" Ohh Mistress I must have you now".

She eased Sir Jasper away from her sodden puss, turned around and knelt on the bed with her head resting on the pillow looking back between her legs, with her knees apart and back arched. Her majestical arse was presented in its most lascivious way, the gash of her puss was fully on display, the swollen lips of her quim arched out to reveal pink inner lips and erect clitoris all dripping with passion juice.

Sir Jasper needed no further prompting, for this was his favourite, as she knew well. He moved onto his knees behind her, and positioned himself between her thighs, as he did he could see Clarissa looking back at him, her eyes sparkling with excitement.
