 Tick...tock...tick...tock... The remaining minutes of school seemed to crawl by. Each second echoing as the small hand rotated around the clock face. 

"Five more minutes" Michael thought to himself. His foot tapped the hard tile of the classroom repeatedly, in anticipation of the day's final bell. Mike looked down at the schoolwork that lay on the desk in front of him, trying to end the day strong by getting at least a little work done. 

"Calculus, who needs this shit," His thoughts were interrupted as he felt a tap on his shoulder.

The college student slowly rotated in his seat, setting down his pencil as he turned. His eyes widened slightly as he realized who wanted his attention. 

The lovely creature sitting behind him, known as Lily, smiled with beautiful pearly white teeth as Mike met eyes with her. Her sexy grin sent a primal wave of passion flooding through Michael's stomach, and probably heating his face in the process. 

Lily had been sitting behind him in this class for the longest time, everyday wearing an outfit more gorgeous than the day before. This had driven Michael mad, as he had quite the weakness for beautiful girls. She had alluring blue eyes, and honey colored hair that framed her face perfect wonderfully, just adding to her beauty.

"Hey there," she said, never losing eye contact with Mike. 

"Ah, what's happening?" He replied coolly. She giggled slightly, making him smile. 

"Well, I was just wondering if you wanted to come to this party I'm having at my sorority tonight, it's going to be crazy, and I just thought I'd extend the invitation." Mike could detect a small amount of nervousness in her voice, well hidden, but there nonetheless.

"Sounds like a good time." Mike answered. He didn't want Lily to know he was so into her, or he might just lose her here and now. In his experience with women, he learned they liked to be surprised. Little did Lily know, Mike had made up his mind to go to the party as soon as she asked. He just didn't want to let it on yet.

"Oh, it will be." Her eyes sparkled with interest. 

"What time?" 

"Starts at 10," she added hastily.

Just then the bell rang, over a hundred students rose to their feet as the shrill cry signaled the end of classes.

"Well, I don't wanna make any promises," Mike said, standing up "But that sounds like a lot of fun, I might just show up."

"I hope you decide to." A devilish grin had formed on her face as she grabbed her bag, and readied to leave. "Plenty of fun to be had," with that, she turned and joined a small group of girls leaving the classroom.

Mike watched her leave, admiring the shape of her ass as she hurried to catch her friends.

After class ended, Michael went back up to his dorm. Standing outside his door, he could hear the sound of skin slapping against skin. He smiled to himself. "Well, looks like Jack got lucky again" He turned the handle and entered the room. Two beds lay against the far wall, one was occupied.

Jack was lying on his back, hips rising and falling as a tight-assed little blonde rode up and down on his cock, cowgirl style. Moans and grunts were the only thing escaping the love locked couple. 

"Don't stop on my account," Mike said, opening the bathroom door and slipping inside. 

After a hot shower Mike opened the door to the main room, to find Jack pulling on a pair of pants.

"Hey man, what's happening?" Jack asked, pulling his right leg through the pair of jeans in his hands.

"Nothing much man, just got out of class. Who was the chick?"

Jack smiled broadly. "Oh, you mean Vanessa? Yeah, me and her met last night at the bar on twelfth. Whew, she's one wild girl. Super kinky! But anyway, I got work. So, I'll check you later, right? 

"Maybe," Mike answered. "I'm thinking about going to Lily's party tonight, did you hear about that?

"Yeah I did," Jack replied. "Should be legit as fuck man, you need to go." Jack yanked a shirt on and slipped into his shoes at the front door. "I'm late dude, so I'll check you at the party. Peace, bro." And then he was gone, door slamming behind him

Mike moved over to his bed and collapsed in the heap. Seven hours 'til the party. He glanced over at the clock, and set a 9:30 alarm, so he could get dressed before the party. Mike pulled his towel off, and slipped under his sheets, falling into a deep sleep. 

The alarm pierced the solitude of Mike's dreams, and immediately roused him to awareness. Sitting up in bed he began to collect his thoughts. 

"The party," Michael shot out of bed, and went to the closet, picking an outfit he hoped would please Lily. 

Mike glanced into the mirror, flexing his hard ropey muscles in admiration. He pulled a t-shirt over his head, and locked the door behind him as he slipped out into the hall.

Outside his dorm complex, the cool night air greeted him as he inhaled deeply. Lily's sorority was just a short walk across campus, taking Mike only about fifteen minutes. As he neared, the sound of loud music and even louder students showed him the way to the party. The row of group houses was mostly quiet, except for one large manor style house at the end. Neon lights decorated the balcony and shutters, and plastic red cups littered the yard.

Mike walked up to the front door, trying to step over all the drunken people making out on the stoop. As he entered, familiar faces from class jumped out of the crowd, and quickly ushered him over to a table where drinking games, and other party antics were going on. It was then that he spotted her.

Lily stood at one end of a beer pong table, with a ping pong ball in her hand, ready to make a shot, she glanced around at the people who had formed a crowd around the table, her eyes catching Mike's for just a split second. She leaned back and threw the ball.

Splash! The white ball disappeared into a red plastic cup on the other side of the table as the crowd around her roared approval.

"Macy, take my spot." Lily yelled above the crowd. A small brunette emerged from the mass of people and stood in Lily's place at the beer pong table, as Lily herself waded through the crowd towards Mike.

"Oh my god, I'm so glad you're here." Lily shouted, embracing Mike roughly, causing him to spill a little of his beer. "I didn't think you were going to come." She said, pulling a joint out from behind her ear and lighting the tip. She inhaled a deep drag and passed it to Mike, who took it gratefully.

Joint in mouth, he grabbed her by the hand and took her out into the backyard, where dozens of people had gathered to watch a fight between two sophomores. 

"FIGHT, FIGHT, FIGHT!" echoed loudly across the backyard as the two guys pounded each other mercilessly.

Mike and Lily found two chairs a good ways off from the festivities, and sat down to enjoy some private time. Passing the joint back and forth as it slowly burned down to a measly roach. 

"So, what made you decide to come?" Lily asked earnestly.

"Well," Mike said leaning closer to her. "I thought about you all day long, and just decided I needed to drop in." The tip of the joint flared as he inhaled the sweet taste of smoke. 

"Well, like I said, I'm glad you stopped by." She leaned toward Mike until their faces were almost touching. 

He couldn't resist her seductions any longer. Mike went in for the kill, his lips almost crashing into hers as she pulled him into a passionate kiss. Lily's tongue swirled in his mouth, causing his dick to stir in his pants. He couldn't take it any longer. He had to have her.

"Can we go up to your room?" Mike managed to ask as they continued their heavy make out session.

"Uh-huh," she almost whispered. "Follow me, honey." 

This time, Lily grabbed Mike and pulled him to his feet. She led him back through the house to a large staircase that led upstairs. The two of them almost ran up the stairs as the anticipation caused Mike's cock to grow a little harder. She brought him to a door decorated by pink flowers, and pulled him inside. The first thing apparent was the very girly atmosphere.

Mike picked Lily up as she straddled his stomach, and laid her down on the bed, where he continued to kiss up and down her neck. A small moan escaped her lips, spurring him on.

Lily stripped her blouse off to reveal the nicest pair of tits Mike had ever seen. She wore a black lacy bra that barely managed to control her bust; she must have been a natural C at least. Michael pulled his shirt over his head, and tossed it on the floor, bringing his attention back to Lily, as he planted kisses between her beautiful breasts. He began to fumble around on her back for the clasp that held her bra together, with adept skill Mike unsnapped the clasp, and let the bra fall away. 

Lily's tits sprang free, resting gorgeously on her petite frame. Mike immediately took one in his mouth, licking around the sensitive nipple, much to Lily's delight. She giggled and grabbed the back of his head, holding him in place. He continued to please her with his tongue, expertly licking his way all around her perfect orbs.

Just as he was about to pull her panties down, she stopped him, putting a hand on his masculine chest.

"One minute, you sexy beast," she growled seductively. She got off the bed for a moment, and moved to a dresser. She opened the top drawer and rummaged around inside for a moment, all the while Mike sat on the bed admiring her perfect form.

"Ah, here we go," she said. Lily produced a small bag that was full of some sort of white powder.

"Cocaine," he thought in awe. "She's into...cocaine?"

"Here," she said, taking a small pinch and putting it on the back of her hand. She snorted the line, and tossed her head back with a sort of animalistic ferocity, that caused Mike to grow rock hard. She took another pinch out and put it in the snuff pouch on the back of her hand, her ruby red nails catching his eyes. "Try this," Lily offered him her hand. Mike just stared at it for a moment and then shrugged his shoulders. Lowering his face to the cocaine, he inhaled.

A hale storm of mind-numbing powder shot into his nose, causing him to grunt in pain. He rubbed his nose, as his eyes began to water. The burning slowly fading away.

Using his shoulder, he pushed Lily onto her back, making her squeal. Without being asked he ripped off her panties, and threw them on the floor beside the bed. Before him lay Lily's pussy, her shaved mound was a golden brown, and her lips were swollen with anxiety. 

Mike delicately flicked her clit with his tongue, causing her to writhe in pleasure. He then took the whole thing in his mouth humming lightly as he did so. Lily shrieked as her entire body was wracked with waves of intense passion. "Oh, baby. You're going to make me cum!" he continued to run his tongue up and down her wet lips, savoring the taste of her sweet pussy. He let a small blast of cool air out through his nose, directly onto her aggravated clit, which he in turn began to suck on once more. Lily giggled in approval as his tongue worked magic on her down south. Finally, she was ready...

Mike pulled his pants down to reveal his throbbing erection. 

"Fuck me, fuck me hard!" Lily whispered as he positioned his cock at the opening of her tight cunt. "Do it." Lily said.

The cocaine had crept up on him at first, but now he could feel the effects of it full force. His blood seemed to boil in his veins as his heart picked up speed. The intense pleasure of his cock rubbing against her wet cunny caused his knees to grow weak as the drug raged inside him.

Without warning, Mike plunged into her hot enveloping love shaft, starting off with a nice pace that sent Lily squalling. Sex had never felt this good before. His hips pistoned back and forth, and Lily squirmed beneath him. The entire length of his cock felt as if it were electrified by some sort of current. 

"OH, FUCK!" Lily screamed. She had reached a few fingers down to play with her clit, as Mike's penis penetrated her warm folds over and over again. 

He ran his hands up and down her smooth skin, feeling the warmth of her flesh under his fingertips. 

"Oh baby, I'm going to cum!" Lily cried, "just a little...more." Mike used that as an excuse to quicken his speed. He rammed into her with utmost fury, as he began to feel a familiar tingle in his balls. He was hilting himself over and over again, which had caused Lily to bite down on her lip, to stop herself from screaming. 

"Oh, God," Lily shouted as her orgasm ravaged her. Pulses of hot energy shot through her body, causing her figure to go numb beneath Mike's relentless cock. Her vagina convulsed around his dick, squeezing it, and releasing hot torrents of love fluid, practically coating his pole. 

Animalistic grunts escaped Mike's throat as he shot in and out of Lily, who was now coming down from her first orgasm. She exhaled deeply, and put a hand on his arm to stop him. He pulled out of her, his penis now at monolithic proportions. 

She turned around on the bed so she was on all fours facing away from him. He moved up behind her, and once again sunk into her hot snatch. She groaned as he quickened his pace and began to violate her love organ. With newfound endurance, Mike pierced Lily again and again, bringing him very close to orgasm. 

"Oh, Lily, you're so fucking sexy!" Mike added in a husky tone. He continued to move in and out of her as she arched her sweet ass higher in the sky, allowing him better access to her g-spot. The top of his cock rubbed against the warm shelf of flesh, and immediately shattered Lily's world.

A second orgasm, even more powerful than the first, washed over her, causing her eyes to roll up in her head as Mike continued his assault of her cunny. "Ohhhh, baby..." Was all she managed to say as he pulled her again and again onto his pleasure spear.

Mike finally could not hold out any longer, and groaned heavily as his orgasm reached its boiling point.

Hot gushes of his cum splashed inside of her as the two of them moaned in ecstasy. The two lover's orgasms both reached their peak together, as a mix of juices spewed forth from Lily's tight cunt.

For awhile after they were finished Lily stayed on all fours, with Mike's penis still in her folds, until finally the two collapsed in a sweaty heap. 

The two students kissed each other for a good while before throwing their clothes back on, and going downstairs. As they descended the steps to the party, hand in hand, Mike could think of nothing more blissful than what he had just experienced. Simply put, cocaine lovers are the best lovers...