 I lost my virginity at the senior prom. Unlike many of my friends, I actually waited until I was 18 to do it. After that, I was cock hungry. All I could think about was cock. At the mall with my girlfriends, I shamelessly checked out guys packages and wondered at what they looked like. How big they might be. Could I see it bulging inside their pants? At the hospital, where I volunteered, I spied on male patients getting sponge baths, or flirted with the security guys, or some of the doctors, always wondering what their cocks looked like, wanting to hold it in my hands, and especially wanting it hard, in my pussy. I badly wanted to have lots and lots of sex, though I didn't want to go too far and be called a slut.

Young guys, old guys, guys I grew up with. I didn't care. I was fascinated, and needed to see, and wanted to experience more. I dumped my boyfriend right after the prom and went seeking out cocks. Many cocks. I wanted to try them all. This is the story of my cock hungry summer.

EDDIE

My boyfriend's best friend, Eddie, always hung out with us after school, on the weekends, even on dates with my boyfriend. This is probably why I didn't have sex until prom night, because he was always around preventing me from acting too horny, even though I was desperate to have sex for the first time long before prom.

Eddie was a geek. He was skinny, pale, and wore geeky glasses, though he was tall. Or, at least he was much taller than me (5'2"). Unlike my boyfriend, who I only met in high school, Eddie lived down the street from my house. He was in my elementary & middle school classes, even if we didn't hang out much. Now that I lost my virginity, my craving for cock caused me to want to see his next. 

The day after the prom, Saturday, I woke up and rubbed one out. I was feeling very sexy after fucking for the first time and wanted more. And different. I showered, shaved my legs smooth, and my muff into a sexy, thin stripe of dark fur. I slipped into my pink, spandex running shorts, no underwear, of course, and matching sports bra, gathered my long brown hair into a pony tail and went outside for a run. 

There were lots of men out. Bringing out the garbage. Mowing the lawn. Fixing things on their ladders. I was keenly aware of them, and, I thought, they were quite aware of me. I used to blush when men followed the bounce of my 36-Bs with their eyes as I ran, but now I loved it. I loved thinking that they desired me. It made me horny. I looked back at a couple of them who I caught staring at my ass. I fantasized that one of them would call me over, invite me in for a cold glass of water, and once inside, let me see his cock. Let me hold it. Grip it with my fingers. Put it in my mouth. And then my thoughts would go farther. He would bend me over the kitchen table; fuck me from behind while holding me down. Maybe he'd hold onto my pony tail, pulling my hair as his thick, giant cock stretched my pussy. I guess it was sort of a rape fantasy, but I didn't care. I was so horny.

Before I knew it, I was in front of Eddie's house. I ran up to his front door and rang the bell. I was all sweaty from the run, and could feel my shorts and top clinging to my body. It made me horny and I touched my boobs, pinching my nipples, making them hard. I hoped Eddie answered the door, and not his Mom. 

The door opened. It was Eddie's grandpa, an ex-military type who still maintained his physique though he was old and gray and wrinkled all over. He was shirtless with a loose pair of boxers on and I could swear I could see a big bulge inside. He broke into a wide smile, his eyes roving up and down between my eyes and my tits. I bit my lower lip, and, feeling very sexy, stretched my arms up over my head, knowing he was watching me, and asked, "Is Eddie here, Mister Sanders?"

"He sure is. Come right inside, young lady."

He held the door open for me. I was surprised to feel manly heat radiating off of him as I walked by. I could feel his gaze on my ass and couldn't help but blush. He was old. He really shouldn't be looking at my ass, so I thought at the time. What could he do about it anyway? Wasn't he too old to get it up? I glanced back over my shoulder to see, and to my astonishment, grandpa's cock was hard! It was making a tent in his boxers. 

I walked through the family room and straight into the kitchen looking for Eddie, with grandpa following. 

"Would you like a drink?" I heard gramps stutter as I got up on tiptoes to peer out the window over the kitchen sink, looking for Eddie in the back yard. I heard the fridge open, and the clinking of bottles.

"Yes, please. It's way hot out there." 

The house was deserted, but there was Eddie, outside in the backyard, doing his chores, at the moment trimming the bushes. I noticed he had the lawn mower out and the grass wasn't cut. He was going to be a while.

Gramps sidled up next to me, looked out the window and then did something I couldn't believe! He laid his hand, large and warm, on the small of my back, half on the top of my shorts, and half on my bare back!

I looked over and up at him, astonished, and nervous. I held my breath, my eyes wide. I felt so small and vulnerable next to him. His huge hand felt like he could pick me up with it, one-handed, if he wanted to. He had a large, menacing skull tattoo on the upper muscle of his arm, and he smelled like Old Spice, or what I imagined Old Spice would smell like. My heart beat fast. I became uniquely aware of my breasts. They ached, wanted to be touched. My pussy flashed a wet heat, wanted to be played with, to be entered.

Without moving his hand from my back, he reached over with his other hand and handed me a bottle. Some booze and energy drink that I've had many times over at Eddie's. Nervous, I chugged it, lifting my head back and closing my eyes. I felt him watching me as I drank. I liked it. I got pleasantly dizzy right away, my inhibitions wearing off.

I kept the bottle, and put the tip to my lips, sucking up the little bit that always clings to the lid. Feeling horny, and uninhibited, I turned around, letting his hand feel all the way around my body from back to midriff. I continued sucking the top of the bottle, pretending not to notice him. He dropped his hand from my stomach after a moment, only after pausing his finger on my navel. 

"You're a cute little thing."

I looked up at him with my eyes, keeping my lips on the bottle, and gave him my best flirty look. 

"I like your tattoo."

A brief, scary moment of realization entered my mind as I realized that this was an old man, and Eddie's grandpa, that I was flirting with. And I was turned on. I glanced down at his boxers and discovered that so was he.

"Sorry about that. It's just been so long. Uhh...you wouldn't understand." Grandpa's voice trailed off as he lowered his head, shamefully, and moved his own bottle-holding hand down to block my view of his hard-on. 

Glancing back out the window to make sure Eddie wasn't coming in, I turned back to Eddie's grandpa. "Can I see it?" I couldn't help but giggle at what just popped out of my mouth. I didn't care. I really wanted to. I was so horny and feeling warm and dizzy.

He also looked out the back window before replying. "You do know that once it comes out, it doesn't go back in."

That was my cue. I got down on my knees and brushed my face up against his shorts. I rubbed my nose and cheek up against his very large, very warm cock, through the thin cloth. He leaned back and gripped the edge of the stove, his breathing now gone very fast and labored.

I looked up at him, briefly. A flirty, naughty look. Then I opened his fly and freed his cock so I could see it. It flopped out, and I was slightly disappointed because it wasn't completely hard or standing straight up. It was semi-hard, flaccid, I guessed was the word. Still, I was mesmerized.

It was way bigger than my ex-boyfriend's, both in length and girth. I gripped it in my hand, keeping my face very close as I gently squeezed his cock to life. I smelled his sex and kissed the side of his cock, felt the heat radiating into my face as it swelled bigger and harder. I started pulling it up and down, imagining what would feel good for him and make him get harder. I wanted to see it as big and hard as possible. 

"Kiss my balls. Please" gasped gramps.

Dizzy with horniness, jerking his cock, I moved my lips to his ball sack and kissed them all over. I could feel his scrotum tightening as his cock grew. I kissed both his nuts, pursing my lips on each of them and sucking them gently as if to pull them out.

"Yes..."

He was clearly enjoying this, much to my delight. I looked up at him and his eyes were closed, his chin dropped, mouth open. A bit of spittle dribbling out the corner of his mouth. That's when I decided to taste his cock.

It was so big, that I needed both hands to hold it and jerk it now, my fingers not able to close all the way around its veiny girth. I opened my mouth and licked the giant mushroom head. Salty pre-cum dribbled onto my tongue. I swallowed it, feeling very sexy, and naughty. I looked up and smiled up at him, smacking his cock head against my mouth a few times.

"Suck it. Please!" pleaded grandpa, a menacing, animal look in his eyes. 

He grabbed my pony tail and lifted my head then pushed it down into his cock. The head bumped me in the eye but I made sure his next push found my open mouth. It was so big. He forced my head down onto his shaft. My jaws ached as my small mouth stretched for him. The big head skidded along the roof of my mouth and then pushed down my throat. I gagged and he pulled my hair again, lifting my mouth off his cock. Strings of gooey saliva stretched from his cock to my mouth as I gasped for air. He pushed my head down again and this time I let it go farther down my throat and didn't gag as much. By the fourth or fifth thrust, I had the rhythm and was eagerly sucking his cock. I loved the taste and wanted more and more. He clearly was enjoying it as my tiny mouth sucked and sucked and took more and more of his cock into my throat.

"Let me see you, you little whore!" he commanded, hoarsely, as he pulled my pony tail roughly, hurting me, pulling my sucking mouth off his cock once more. 

My eyes were stinging from gagging, and I felt tears run down my cheeks as I tried to blink them dry. Saliva dripped from my chin as gobs of it made stringy bridges to his bright red cock.

SMACK!

The side of my face stung and then flushed with warmth. My vision swam for a moment before seeing his hand come down a second time.

SMACK!

My cheek stung and then flushed with heat again. In shock, I froze, not sure what to do. Then he pulled me up to my feet by my hair and pushed me down onto the kitchen table, the side of my face smooshed against the wood, my feet still planted on the ground. My arms were behind me and I gripped the edge of the table. His free hand grabbed at my shorts.

"No!" I gurgled out, but it was too late. He was too strong. He yanked on my sweaty shorts. They tore a bit and then I felt them drop down around my ankles.

I felt utterly vulnerable and should have been scared, but I was horny. He was right, I guess, I was a like a whore. I waited, expectantly, for whatever happened next.

I heard him pick up the empty bottle and then suddenly felt it pushing against my mouth. Not understanding, I lifted my head to say something, but he gripped my hair tight.

"Suck it, you little whore", gramps stated brusquely, "and make it all wet."

I did. I sucked the neck of the bottle salivating all over it. After a few bobs on the bottle, he released my hair and then pulled the bottle from my mouth. Next, I felt him spread me open, presumably with his thumbs. He was mumbling how pretty my pussy is. How tight it is. And how wet. He stuck a finger in. My body jolted and he pulled it out, chuckling.

"A young hen, indeed", he said to no one in particular. 

I felt his breath, and then his mouth as he French-kissed my pussy. I could both feel and hear his noisy tongue licking all around my pussy. It went inside my hole, briefly, and then licked all around my labia, finally flicking on my clit, making me buck my hips a bit.

Then I felt him back away, chuckling to himself, and heard a chair get dragged over. He sat down and pried my cheeks apart again, this time with one hand. Next, the cold rim of the glass bottle pressed against my pussy hole. He held me down at the small of my back and slowly pushed the bottle into me. He had to force it forward as the wide part of the bottle met resistance. It was too big. I was too small. 

He slapped my ass. The walls of my pussy squeezed the bottle involuntarily and then I came. I let out a throaty moan and came right there, with the glass bottle shoved inside and my pussy burning as it stretched impossibly wide.

SMACK...SMACK...SMACK!

He spanked my ass three more times as I writhed on the table, my pussy squeezing and releasing its grip on the bottle again and again, cumming all the while.

When it was done, I lay out of breath, my face still sideways on the table, a puddle of drool below my chin.

A few moments of rest, and then he pulled me up by my hair again. This time, he turned me around like a top, facing him. I leaned back against the table, blinked the moisture from my eyes and looked at him for the first time since he violated me with his finger, his mouth, and the bottle. His face was flushed and he was staring intently at my chest. I guessed at what he wanted.

"Show me your tits. Now!" he commanded, sternly. 

He spoke with such force, it made me jump. I immediately moved my hand to the front zipper and pulled it down about an inch and then hesitated. I was nervous and scared. I didn't want him to hurt me. Time seemed to slow. I heard the lawn mower running outside. I felt a bead of sweat slowly trickle down my back, and into the crack of my ass. 

His mouth was working feverishly around his lips as he no doubt was soaking in the bit of cleavage I had just revealed. He didn't make a move, or lift a hand, but just sat there with his hands on his legs watching me like I was the best Super bowl half time show of his life. Which I probably was. That thought made me feel sexy again and I continued unzipping.

Watching him watching me, standing bottomless in front of him, a full-on boner sticking out of his boxer shorts, my pussy in an afterglow of coming, I continued to seductively pull down the zipper while pulling my dark brown hair free of my hair scrunchie, and let it fall down onto my shoulders. 

I stopped just short of letting my bra fall open and leaned into him, giving him a close-up of my tits before being completely nude. I loved the heat coming off his body as I got closer. His breathing was short and quick. I knew I was driving him crazy. He probably hadn't even dreamed of tapping young pussy again in his lifetime. My young pussy was hot with lust. My nipples were rock hard, making clearly-defined bumps in the padded fabric of my top. This had the effect of pushing the bra a bit away from my skin, fully exposing the inside curves of my breasts.

I put my hands on his shoulders, felt how solid, and muscular he was. Reminded of how tiny and fragile I was in his presence.

He grabbed me under the ass with both hands and lifted me up into his lap. His face bent forward and he smothered it in my cleavage, still leaving that last part of my bra zippered. My nipples ached to be sprung free.

"Please suck on them" I pleaded in a whisper, right into his ear, slightly embarrassed.

He needed no more prodding. His reaction was swift and approached violent. 

"Yessss!" he hissed as he grabbed one of the bra cups and yanked so hard, the rear strap snapped apart and the front fell down into his lap. He lunged his face at my exposed breasts and again smothered it with them. He was salivating like a hungry animal and smeared his saliva all over my breasts, stopping now and then to gently kiss my pointing nipples. 

I reached my tiny hand down into his lap and began stroking his humongous cock while he kissed and smothered himself in my breasts. He moved his hands to my waist and held me in place, easily touching the tips of his fingers together around my waist. I felt more pre-cum ooze onto my fingers as I stroked his manhood up and down, faster and faster.

I felt his teeth on my nipples which caused me to grip his cock even more tightly and stroke it even faster. He bit down on one of them, causing a sharp, painful pleasure. Then he bit down on the other one and sucked on it a bit. My nipples were long and hard, my areolas pinky-red and puffy from his sucking and licking.

My heart was pounding and my pussy was on fire, aching with lust.

"Please fuck me." I whispered into his ear, barely able to not scream out the words.

At this, he gripped me tight around the waist and lifted me toward him, his giant prong now just below my girl hole. He mouth never left my nipple, and he bit down hard as he pulled my body down hard on his giant cock.

A searing pain tore through my body as his giant man-log split me in half. I came immediately on his cock. My pussy was stretching so wide, it stung but then after a few moments a warm wash of pleasure took over as I came and came on that big meaty pole. He then forcefully pulled my body all the way down until my pussy bottomed out on his shaft, still only two thirds of the way in, and I was sopping wet. He lifted me and pulled me down again and again, fucking my little hole with his big cock.

Finally, he started thrusting his own hips and his cock grew impossibly big. I screamed loudly as my pussy burned from being stretched to accommodate his widening girth. I grabbed him by the ears and screamed, "Fuck me! Fuck me!", as he impaled me over and over until he started moaning. I felt a hot rush of his seed spurt up inside me, filling me. His thick cock pumped and pumped, I could feel it. Eventually, so much came out that his hot come started spurting out of my pussy with each thrust of his cock inside me.

He leaned back in his chair and had one final humiliation to play on me to complete his fantasy, I guess. He lifted me off his lap and up onto the table, and pushed me back, spreading my legs wide open. I felt his come oozing out of me. He took two fingers, stuck them in my raw, swollen pussy, and ladled out his come into his other hand.

"I want to watch you eat it." 

He certainly was a naughty, dirty old man, but I was a willing slut at this point and wanted to complete his desires. I bent at the waist, my boobs pushing downward, my legs spread wide with more come oozing out of my spread-open pussy, my lips spread open like a flower. I gathered my messy hair with one hand and put my mouth down into his waiting hand and lapped up his come like a cat with milk. After I licked his hand clean, I leaned back, giving him a good view, and reached down between my thighs, and stuck three fingers inside, gathering more come. I pulled them out, and felt the come dripping off them, as leaned forward, closer to him so he could see up close, and fed myself his cum. I lifted my chin high into the air, closed my eyes, and let the come dribble off my fingers and into my awaiting mouth. Then I stuck my fingers in my mouth and seductively licked them clean, all the while watching him watching me, a look of stupid wonder on his face. 

I giggled and stuck my middle finger inside my pussy hole one last time, and then dabbed some come on his nose, got down from the table, and headed on up to Eddie's room to find something to wear, leaving grandpa to recover in the kitchen.