 It was not that Carol did not love her husband - she did, and passionately, what was more. It was not she did not enjoy their lovemaking together - it was always furious and successful: successful in the sense she enjoyed it immensely and it virtually always resulted in an orgasm for her. It was not as if she wanted to cheat on her husband - indeed in her eyes she had not done that at all. The trouble was Mike did not slow down; he was not really one for too much foreplay or just sitting together quietly playing; he did not let her do what she really wanted to do which was play with his cock; if she started doing just that he would move very quickly to full intercourse. There was nothing wrong with that and there might, on the way, still be some pretty exciting if short lived, hand work. There was also no doubt, no question, that he enjoyed and was very good at going down on her but, the fact remained, he did not let her simply play with his penis. And that was sort of why she started visiting her next door neighbour.

Carol could remember how it had all started though it had not been a conscious or intentional thing on her part - at least at first. It was certainly slightly unusual for a fairly young woman to find herself with the penis of a naked seventy year old man in her hand, playing with it almost as if it was her own and waiting patiently for a little pre-cum to seep up and form a clear little bubble of fluid on the very end of his cock. And it was not even as if she had been undressed herself. She could not help the playing - and she just loved to see that little indication of the success of her handiwork. And of course being seventy his was not the hairline trigger of the eighteen year old or even the twenty-eight. It took quite a bit of work to coax that first sign of an ejaculation and even more to bring about the full event. Carol was very happy with that - it gave her more time to play.

It was not as if she had intercourse with her neighbour: that was not to say she had not guided his erect and enthusiastic organ into a vagina, but it had just not been her own. She had not cheated on her husband - well not really. She had just played with her neighbour's penis as he fucked another. That had been something else again.

Matthew Roland Girrson was a man of advanced years but still fit and active. Years in the army had kept him in trim and he had not let up on that when he came out, he had worked hard at subsequent jobs, mostly in the Far East, and his frugal habits, military precision and the climate had kept him in shape. Of course his face revealed his travels - sun leathered and lined and so did much of his body but it was firm and still manly. No paunch, no running to seed: as tough as old boots, you might say.

Carol had always, as long as she could remember been fascinated by penises. She could even remember as a little girl wanting one. All her brothers had one - of course - only she didn't. The youngest of five and the only girl, she had grown up in a household where the family were not much bothered about being naked in front of each other, she had bathed often enough with her brothers and with her daddy and she had been so envious of her brothers and her daddy having a willy when she didn't. Mummy had not had one either of course and, again, she could remember thinking that was not right and how much better Mummy would have been with a willy. She could even remember her Mummy's puzzlement when she had drawn a picture of her with breasts and a willy.

And of course she had been jealous of how easy boys found taking a leak. So much easier - however silly having a willy looked.

There had been nothing sexual in all of that - just a bit of penis envy but puberty had changed things. It was not really that in her mid teens she had wanted a willy swinging away between her thighs - hardly with her breasts growing the way they had and the tight jeans she had favoured - though she had certainly fantasised on the idea, about waking up one morning with a willy as well as all her proper bits, indeed just like the phrase in 'Star Wars' of having a 'fully operational' penis - but her interest had taken a particular turn as she had grown sexually. Not just a teenage girl's interest in boys but an exceptional interest in the penis per se. Again, this had not meant she wanted to be a man or have a penis: far from it. Carol was very happy being a woman, thank you very much, she just had a rather strong interest in penises - she just wanted to play with them. Even now she could not quite get over how they changed - how they grew, how they metamorphosed from a little fleshy wobbly thing into something so firm and sometimes so big. And it was not surprising, given her interest, that 'big' was what she particularly liked.

Nonetheless, Carol was (almost) as happy with a soft cock to play with. Sometimes, most often when he had gone quickly to sleep, Carol would lie in bed with the bedside light on and play with Mike's soft, perhaps recently ejaculated cock. He would not often let her play with it like that when he was awake - of course. Either he would bound to full erection and expect to be blown or to fuck or he would say it was too sensitive after intercourse and he was no longer 'interested' (for the moment anyway). With Mike asleep Carol had his penis to herself, her own penis to play with - well she was married to Mike so it was really half hers anyway!

She would stare at it lying on her husband's thigh, perhaps still weeping a little and leaving a little translucent pool there on his skin. He slept naked so it was easily on show. Carol might lift the penis a little and let it drop back, splash, into the pool. The little pink head poking out of the brown wrinkled foreskin all puckered up around the glans and lying there in its own pool of fluid. Perhaps she might then roll the foreskin back down and reveal the whole wet, sticky head - the one that, not many minutes before, had been well inside her, firm and seeking, before the sweet little eye had opened and all that wonderful stuff had come out. She would rub it gently around in the pool spreading it across Mike's skin. She might lift it up and stare eye to eye at her penis. A quick squeeze and a little bubble of semen might still form if there was any left in the urethra - a small ejaculation made by her alone. It made her tingle - she knew it was a little odd!

She would play with the penis, holding it up in the air and whispering for it to 'stand firm' - but of course it could not and did not and instead just flopped down. It was a great game. Other times she would have conversations with it; her two thumbs either side of its opening making the urethral opening open and shut like a mouth talking. It told her all sorts of naughty things about what it would like to do that Mike would never have told her about - indeed did not know about! She made up adventures it might do if it could - naughty adventures in the panties of some of her friends, unusual places it might like to shoot its stuff, even making friends with other penises. Carol would be horrified if Mike had had a homosexual fling with another man but she was quite happy for her penis to be friendly with others in her imagination, preferably if they were under her direction and control. She very much doubted he would be at all sanguine about such ideas. They were her fantasies - not his - and she liked penises and having more than one together was fine with her.

Carol had no intention of cheating with another man but it was quite another thing having, in her fantasies. a made up imaginary plot by Mike's penis and another friend's to sneak inside her one after another whilst she slept and leave their calling cards. She imagined the two penises having quite a conversation about that. It would have been even better of course if she had had the other limp penis in her hand as well as Mike's to have had the proper conversation. It was, though. rather difficult to imagine the situation where Mike, his friend and Carol would all be naked together in bed with the two men asleep but it was, after all, only a fantasy. She imagined the two men naked and asleep so she had the two cocks side by side all flaccid and she could lift them up and pretend to make them talk - opening and closing their little mouths. Perhaps they would get hard together whilst she played. Their naughty ideas about what they would like to do causing them to firm. The idea was just so exciting - but a fantasy.

Sometimes if she played long enough with Mike's penis would indeed get hard again but Carol had never managed to get it to cum whilst Mike was still asleep. That was a little fantasy of hers - just she and the spasming, ejaculating cock - just themselves without Mike. What happened in reality was Mike would wake up and either she would suck him off - Carol liked that well enough, feeling his penis all smooth and hard in her mouth and then loving tasting what followed - or he would fuck her again - and that was good too! But she would really have liked to have had a private little ejaculation all to herself - just she and her penis.

Of course the idea of Mike and his friend asleep side by side and she playing with their cocks was even better. She loved the idea of getting them both hard as the two penises talked. Carol might suck them one after another. Would she dare ride them one after another or just play? If the men were close enough she could perhaps get their penes to touch. How funny to see their little mouths kissing. Erotic to her: but not to Mike, she was absolutely sure!

But she did rather like to see a penis ejaculate and how wonderful to have two sleeping men and their erections all to herself. Would she drink one after another or make them both come messily together. And by 'together' did she really mean that? How wonderful to slide her fingers over their rugged masculinity, tease their acorns with the tips of her fingers and, without waking the men, make them come. Once started no need to stimulate more. The men were asleep. Just to watch the delightful creamy spasms coming out of their knobs and then licking up the semen afterwards. Perhaps pretending the penes were talking, planning how to catch her unawares and getting all worked up as penes do. Their naughty ideas about taking her together becoming quite graphic when she made one say, "Oops sorry," before it splattered its friend with ejaculate and then the other did just the same, "Oh no, me too!" and the other penis' stuff coming out all over his friend, their immediate plans for catching her unawares spoilt!

All that semen to lick and then sweet little ejaculated penises to play with - all soft, leaking and vulnerable - as the men slept on. It made her wet just thinking about it.

Sex is substantially about fantasy: certainly it is the prospect of what happens next which maintains arousal. The largest sex organ is the mind. Carol's thoughts of lying between two naked and asleep men and playing could so easily go further. If two men (one Mike), why not more? She had read Victorian boys sometimes had their hands tied whilst in bed to prevent masturbation or men in the first World War being given bromide in their tea to reduce their sex drive. It did not take much for her to imagine a whole platoon of men tied down to iron bedsteads, hands to the bed head and feet to the end of the bed, to prevent masturbation. And whilst self abuse might be discouraged that did not mean she in her nice starched nurse's uniform could not make them all 'comfortable' before sleep. A dozen or more randy young men lying naked and tied for her inspection, each with his penis erect and potent.

Carol liked the idea of her walking between the beds inspecting and examining all the variety of penes rising from the men. Big ones and little ones, curved ones and straight ones, knobby ones and those with cone shaped glans, black ones perhaps and white ones... In real life Carol had not seen or handled that many. She felt it would all be a good education for her!

Lovely to touch and play - or, with so many to bring to a conclusion, it would almost be work not play!

She would have to say something to each man as his penis released its cream in her hand. Easy for those who shot particularly far, 'well done, well done - got it on your nose!' or the like; or for those with particularly large penes, 'that's a whopper - or... was!' she could say: but more difficult with the average or small or dribblers. But she would find something! Perhaps say how much she liked a man's ginger pubic hair even if his willy was so small; or 'nice big pool' to the man who had just cum rather than spurted. It would all be part of the fun - the fun of handling lots of penes and making them cum. And, did she like that? Did she! That special thing men did - the emission of seed. She simply loved watching and feeling it.

Nice to think of all those ejaculating men but nice to think back on what she had seen for real. It was not just Mike: there had been other boyfriends before marriage. Not an enormous number. She remembered back to that first time when she had first seen the other thing a penis did. Not just an erection but an ejaculation.

Her first boyfriend. He had been nice and they had done all the usual things like going to the cinema, holding hands and kissing. It had been nice discovering putting your tongue in your boyfriend's mouth was rather an enjoyable thing. Things had progressed and it had been on a country walk that she had first gone that bit further and let him not just pet her breasts but slip his fingers under her short skirt and into her knickers. She had been wet and ready for those fingers! It was she who had, after a while, had extracted his penis through his fly. The way it had swollen had, she recalled, surprised her but she had simply loved finding out just how much little floppy willies did grow when aroused. Tentatively she had stroked and fondled and been if not exactly amazed - she had, after all done biology back at school - been surprised when her boyfriend had warned her he was 'coming' and it had happened. The spurting had delighted her. She had recalled it with excitement that night in bed as her fingers had played like his had done.

The scrotum fascinated Carol as well: sometimes so tight but certainly not after intercourse in a warm bed! The little eggs floating around in their wrinkly sack. She could feel how smooth they were through the skin - so sensitive and vulnerable. One squeeze and... but she would look at Mike sleeping and smile - her mate - lovely wonderful Mike trusting her with his balls. Sometimes she would drop off to sleep with them nestled in her hand, so soft and warm, so male and so hers. She loved how his balls hung in his scrotum, how it swung when Mike moved around the bedroom. It reminded her of big bulls in the field with their heavy ball sacks. She would have liked Mike to have had a bigger scrotum so his balls hung the lower. Sometimes when he was asleep she would pull on it trying to stretch it.

Other times she would gently wash Mike with her tongue, lapping up any remaining semen and tasting the two of them on her tongue. Once she was sure she had actually gone to sleep with Mike's penis in her mouth, all lovely soft and flaccid like a baby sucking on a dummy.

It was not that she did not have plenty of sex with Mike and had to go further afield to satisfy her cravings. He would be game to take her when they got home, later watching television and lastly (if she worked at it and could get him hard again) in bed before sleep. It was not like that every night but certainly Mike was pretty game for sex most of the time. No, it was not an insufficiency of sex but a lack of quality time with a penis.

Penes, of course, have two functions and even as a little girl she had been fascinated and envious of how boys peed. Inevitably she had tried to pee standing up when she could, but it was not exactly 'safe' and potentially disastrous over a lavatory bowl. Nice though on a walk - a walk on her own. Not a quick bob down for her. Jeans, skirt and panties had to be off and with legs spread she had liked to make the bark of a tree wet like she had seen boys do. It was much easier in a skirt - particularly if she did not have panties.

She made a point, though, of always peeing in the shower and more often than not standing in a bath before she got out of it. She knew it was a little odd but not something that was actually 'wrong.' It was just trying to get an idea about what having a penis was like. She even amused Mike when out on a long walk together in the country of insisting on helping him. So much so that he had come to expect it. Would actually tell her he wanted to go and find it amusing how keen she was to unzip him, delve and pull out the fleshy tube. Not so much as 'helping' as doing everything from getting it out to directing it - and of course that was the really fun bit - being able to direct the hose around or see how far she could get the stream to arc. Once they had been standing in the sunshine atop Kinder Scout and Carol had insisted Mike relieved himself right on the edge, fumbled in his shorts and pulled out his cock into the sunshine and directed his stream to cascade a hundred feet below. Had anyone been watching it would have been a very peculiar sight.

She knew how to squeeze and shake it but not infrequently that got a completely different reaction as function no. 2 cut in and it was, again, not unusual to find Carol on her knees extracting the 'other liquid,' more often than not, drinking it down rather than let it splash onto the leaf mould or a hundred feet below. Happy as a sand boy, doing that, of course. And Mike hardly less so! He had rather come to expect that as well.

Carol rather liked standing with Mike behind her against her naked bottom and his erection poking through her thighs. It did not stick out very far - it looked just a short stumpy penis - but she loved seeing it poking out of her pubes as if it was her own. Mike was one of those men who could pee erect and so sometimes she would have the twin pleasure of imagining it was her peeing penis and feeling the rush of the urine through the urethra right on her clitoris. The vibration wonderful. She had almost come like that once - if only Mike had drunk more and had a bigger bladder! Carol had of course then kept her thighs moving, sliding Mike's cock along her very moist lips, its rugged hardness held tight between them, until she had actually come and so, of course had he - Mike's penis head spurting from her own thighs as if she was ejaculating. Mike had complained that his glans had been completely devoid of stimulation and he had wanted to fuck her properly but she had just loved looking down and seeing 'herself' apparently ejaculating from her very own penis. The dumpy but thick thing shooting the white stuff in front of her. It was a memory to treasure.

Carol did not want to be a man, did not really want a penis of her own - in the sense of it being attached to her - but it was nice to imagine for a while. What she did want was a penis to play with all hard, and not one that would rush ahead into full intercourse. She wanted 'quality time' with an erection.

Certainly Carol knew Matthew Girrson was there, had spoken to him often enough when coming in and out of their respective houses but it was only late one afternoon when she noticed him in pain did she actually find herself in his house. He had assured her it was nothing but very clearly it was not nothing. She had advised a hot bath. Whether it was over exertion, just one of those things or having moved wrongly but it was muscular cramp and it "was jolly painful." And that was how Carol found herself helping Mr Girrson up the stairs of his home. It had not been easy. He had been in a lot of pain. She had seated him and even run his bath. It was after all she who had advised him to have the bath
