 Carol could remember as a little girl asking her mummy why her teddy bear did not have a willy 'like Daddy.' She must have been a bit of a trial with her odd questions. And later as a big girl, late teens, one of her favourite fantasies had been about that self same bear; imagining the teddy bear growing in her bed, all big and furry. Something really nice to cuddle. She did not imagine it as really animate but she did imagine it with a real penis; one she could stroke to a very firm erection; one she could mount if she wished and even suck. Such a fun little fantasy in her bed. Her own teddy bear, and importantly her own cock to play with until sleep came. 

Again her mother must have worried a little over the name she gave that bear, "Willy-bear." She still had the teddy bear in her wardrobe. How many times had he been pressed between her legs as an older teen as the fantasies and stories had come in her head? She had later privately referred to him as "Willy-cum-Bear." How many times had she imagined it big and grown with her astride it, riding her big bear's penis in cow girl fashion? The bear just lying there all passive, and ever hairy, but with a very real penis just where it counted.

Mike had lain there all passive the next morning. "I need a slash," he'd said on waking but Carol had simply said 'No.' 

She, herself, had already been and done that, had already showered and had come back to a waking Mike and seen the strength of his erection. Not up to her new 'gold standard' of Mr Girrson's but big enough and certainly very strong. It was that 'morning wood' hardness she so loved. Naked, she had simply pushed Mike back down on the bed and got on top of him. Holding his hands down she had teased him rubbing her wet self up and down his length before pushing it in. A lovely, so firm, sliding up inside herself. It was super, but she could not help thinking how much bigger her next door neighbour's cock was! Of course she came. Carol rarely did not come! She found it strange the trouble some of her friends seemed to have in reaching a climax. It came to her as naturally as peeing!

"Can I now go and take a leak?"

"But you haven't come."

"No, but it's hurting."

Carol relented but she did not let him go off and take his morning relief on his own. Erection in hand she lead him to the bathroom but not to the lavatory rather the shower. It was good to have the opportunity to fondle it, especially that hard!

"Right Mike, what are you going to do first? She had got into the shower with him, she had not turned the water on but was gently exercising his penis. Her fingers sliding up and down its firm shaft. What will come out first?"

"Carol, can't I just..."

"You can if you like... but can you? Wee over me if you can or..."

She suspected it was not easy for a man to wee when his erection was being sexually fondled and his balls gently stroked. She knew Mike could wee when erect but when being very much wanked? She looked up at him with a big grin on her face. Mike's eyes were closed and he had such a look of concentration on his face. It was obvious he was trying to wee - and failing. She giggled and dropped to her knees absorbing his knob into her mouth as she did so, her tongue working.

"Carol! You stupid girl. I, oh no!"

Carol giggled inside. She had done it! Mike had wanted to pee but she had forced the valve the other way and made his semen not his urine come out. It had been a bit of a risk but unsurprisingly she had had Mike's urine in her mouth before. A girl liking cock games was hardly not going to have tried that. But it was not wee which came flooding into her mouth -- Carol had done it. She had made her husband's cock do what she wanted not what he had wanted!

Warm, sticky pulses in her mouth, splashing to the back of her throat. Mike came a lot stronger than Mr G did!

"Carol -- that would have been better after a wee."

He was looking down at her and she up at him, his cock in her mouth. She let go and stood.

"Really, dear oh dear, well you can wee now."

And he had -- after a few moments. His still erect cock in her hands, his cock still dribbling semen suddenly produced a torrent of wee, up it fountained onto her breasts, an early morning rather yellow and rather pungent shower. Nice catching her nipples but what Carol really liked was feeling the hot stream pulsing on her clit. It was easy enough to force down and between her legs -- the penis was not at all as firm as before. Once, she had actually come like that with Mike's torrent hot on her clit but not this time. It was nice though, hot, powerful and really rather clitoris friendly!

Carol shook the last few drops away and turned on the shower. Just as she had washed Mr Girrson the night before she washed her husband. Only his penis was no longer erect. Mr Girrson's had been.

Carol saw Mike off to work and then her attention turned towards her neighbour. How was he that morning?

Of course she did not have a key, all she could do was ring the door bell. There was quite a wait but she heard footsteps descending.

Mr Girrson was in his pyjamas still, a dressing gown pulled around him.

"Oh, Carol, I'm not up yet. Not at all like me, normally I rise with the lark."

"Not so good then?"

"Still rather stiff, not so bad but not right. I expect it will ease as the day wears on. I was going out but don't think..."

"Would 'Deep Heat' or some liniment do the trick do you think?"

"Might but I haven't any."

"Mike has."

And despite his protestations Carol found herself looking down on a completely naked Mr Girrson lying on his front with her in her blue jeans and white blouse squeezing the tube of 'Deep Heat' and applying the cream to his back. She was no masseuse but she had a bit of an idea about how to firmly rub bunched muscles and ease stiff backs. She worked hard making her fingers ache.

"Well, there we are, it all smells a bit like a Rugby changing room, but is that better."

"How do you know what a Rugby changing room smells like, Carol? Sorry, it seemed an unlikely experience."

"Alas yes! Sorry Mr Girrson I cannot provide some interesting and titillating story, not even that I sat in the corner as a little girl and watched all the big players changing. Big, powerful men with big penises, so different from women; still less can I recall wandering into the wrong changing rooms after a hockey game at college and perhaps joining the boys in the showers! Nice as I'm sure it would be for you to hear!"

"I'd have heard less interesting stories!"

"Well, shall we get you dressed?"

"I think I'll lie here for a bit."

"Well at least turn over so I can see your face whilst we talk."

"I can't."

And Carol realised why.

"Don't be silly -- show me. It's not just your back which is stiff then!"

And Mr Girrson had rolled over and there was his erection as strong and as big as the night before.

"I'd better ease that stiffness too. But not with these hands. You'd be stiff all morning if I got Deep Heat on that!"

Carol went to wash her hands. She had wondered how to get him to let her play again. It had not been a problem at all!

There was no let up in firmness when she returned, his big erection lying straight up his stomach. Less than thirty minutes ago she had had Mike's in her hand. Wasn't she a lucky girl!

Sitting down on the bed next to him Carol reached and held Mr Girrson's erection in her hand. Both soft and hard at the same time. Soft skin with a structured rigidity within. Lovely to have a second penis to play with and she was going to make this last. She was going to take it nice and slowly. There was no hurry in her movements. Her fingers and thumb lightly held the foreskin and moved it up and down. Such a craggy old thing, actually thicker towards the base by the balls as if it was supported by a buttress. It was a fine strong, manly penis - what an odd idea Carol thought, yes, a manly not a girly penis - whatever that might be! 

Careful as she was, even so she was bringing Mr Girrson towards climax. A groan from him and she stopped dead. She had not gone too far, she was experienced in masturbation after all - a masterbatertrix indeed - yet at the very tip, where the little eye was up welled a little clear fluid. Carol's finger went to it, sticky to the touch, she brought her finger to her lips and her tongue reached out and tasted. Mr Girrson stared.

"Mmmm, nice and salty." 

"You...." 

Her pad of her thumb ever so lightly rubbing his fraenum. She was going to make this last.

"It's nice. I like it. I've already swallowed Mike's this morning. I'm OK with a man's stuff. Best if he's not been drinking, it makes it a little sour."

"Oh, um."

Carol moved her head closer as if she was going to suck. She wasn't. Not that day anyway but she knew it would excite Mr Girrson.

Carol paused and took her hand away. "As I said yesterday it is a very fine penis. Bigger than Mike's you know, bigger than I have ever seen."

"Have you seen many, Carol?"

"What a question to ask a girl! More relaxed than when big of course."

"Of course. The rugby changing room!"

"No! Mr Girrson! You are really asking how many boyfriends I've had, aren't you, unless you are implying one night stands -- which I haven't done."

Mr Girrson looked down at Carol's hand on his erection.

She caught the implication. "Ha! Hardly a boyfriend and yes I suppose you were standing last night but in a little while it's not just going to be the once! Your stuff's going to come out again. I shall see to that!" She answered the question. "Eight, I think."

Carol did not hurry herself at all, she had a penis to play with and it was just so fun to pull Mr Girrson's long foreskin right down and then up again more than hiding his knob. It came to Carol that there was room enough for a second knob in that foreskin. She giggled but would not tell Mr Girrson what she was giggling at. She was imagining rolling it over a second penis. She had not the slightest compunction about playing with more than one, perhaps a poor 'cut' one which did not have a prepuce of its own. She had gone out with a circumcised boy once and had found it all rather interesting for a time. It was funny how his knob was always exposed even when not thinking about sex. Just like with Mike she had played with the boy's cock when asleep but it had not been quite the shame. No little knob peeking, mouse like, out of its prepuce only to come poking out when Carol moved the skin. No, it had just been there.

So funny, though, to imagine rolling Mr Girrson's foreskin over Mike's knob -- the two very strangely asleep in the same bed as she. Even more fun to imagine doing it with both erect. Again so unlikely, two men going to sleep in a bed with a young naked woman and not inseminating her before sleep! Perhaps she had said she had a headache and the two men lying there either side of her looking really frustrated with their swollen erections. Wonderful to imagine the two men lying there asleep as she carefully brought them firstly to erection and then together, slipping Mr Girrson's foreskin over Mike's knob and then gently moving the sliding skin over both knobs. To Carol it was a wonderful image -- fourteen or fifteen inches of firm cock with balls at both ends, no apparent knobs and only the little encircling ring of the end of Mr Girrson's foreskin revealing where one man ended and the other started.

Mike, she knew, would have been horrified and she was not at all Mr Girrson would not have felt the same. The whole thing homo-erotic but actually hetero-erotic to Carol, the strange sharing of a foreskin! And if she could have made them both come, coming together within the same foreskin perhaps even at the same time -- the stuff oozing, pulsing or indeed squirting out at the join. And they would have known nothing about it. Carol would have seen to that, lapping up the twin mixed ejaculations and sucking the two softening cocks free of cum. No crispy, flaky semen residue in the morning for the men to realise they had both had a wet dream -- together in the same bed! Nothing to reveal what they had done. Only Carol would know and she so liked that idea. The secret life penises had with her and not the men they were attached to! The men turning to her in the morning, their penises both hard again, and both fucking her completely unaware of what their penises had been up to without their permission in the night.

But she just had Mr Girrson to play with -- and what a big thing it was in her hand. The thing did rather belie his seventy years. Lovely and firm, lovely and long and below it a pair of manly balls. No doubt still containing potent semen - not that it was going anywhere near her cervix! Not that that would really matter. She was on 'The Pill' anyway, though perhaps a time was coming when she might dispense with contraception and open her legs to Mike to be truly inseminated -- be made big with child. She was not going to let Mr Girrson fuck her. That was for Mike alone.

"This is very nice, Carol, but really there is no need. Why are you doing this?"

"To ease your stiffness."

"You are being very good about my back and I am so grateful, but I meant this." His hand indicated Carol's working fingers.

Carol paused and fondled his balls leaving his cock waving in the air, just by pulling on his scrotum she could make it move, the big exposed mushroom head wobbling around.

"I'm doing this partly because you need the relief -- a release of tension if you like -- I can see that; I see no harm in it, it's not as if I'm cheating on Mike or anything, I'm just rubbing your penis not your back; and I like doing it. I have a thing about penises, Mr Girrson, I always have had even as a little girl and yours is a magnificent specimen -- no, it really is. Best I've ever handled -- yes, really. I haven't kept photos or anything -- well you wouldn't! But wouldn't it be funny if I'd taken casts, you know wax copies. Imagine me bringing them around and showing you; holding them against your penis and showing you the difference.

"I'd be so embarrassed."

"Really, just seeing and holding copies of other men's erections."

"But all that detail. One would not want..."

"Oh yes, ever vein, every wrinkle to their scrotums! I suppose I'd have to have shaved them first otherwise the mould would have got all caught up in the hairs. Shall I shave you? I'm going to need to in order to make a copy."

"What!"

"I'm not missing this opportunity. I can't take the real thing inside me but I see no problem about a copy and I want to feel what it is like. I might show you me doing it."

"But I might not let you."

"But you are going to, aren't you Mr Girrson," her finger was stroking ever so gently at the join, the divide of his big mushroom head, where the glans split and the fraenum was taut. She paused, "you are, aren't you, going to let me do what I like with your penis. I mean, you do want to come don't you!"

His penis was actually shaking with excitement. Carol had so got him on the edge. She took her hand away. It was quivering.

"Of course, Carrol, whatever you like. I'm hardly going to object. This is such a dream for an old man."

"Your penis will look a lot younger when I've shaved those grey hairs away." Her finger was stroking the fraenum again. Mr Girrson was already leaking, it was wet and sticky, she could feel that as her forefinger went to and fro. "Shall we do that now or would you rather come first? Best to do when you are erect as it keeps your penis out of the way. I've shaved men before you see! Well?"

But there was no need for an answer, Carol's gently stroking finger had been enough already. Mr Girrson's hips were attempting to thrust, a primitive subconscious need to not waste the fluid and ensure it was splashing against a cervix. That was not to be. Carol did not grasp and really 'wank,' instead she just kept up her finger stroking his fraenum and watched Mr Girrson come. Again not the strong spurts of her husband but simply a pouring out of semen, like milk might pour out from a jug, down to pool on his stomach.

Her finger did not stop its stroking even when Mr Girrson asked her to. He said it was a bit sensitive after coming. She knew that!

"No, Mr Girrson, I am not stopping yet. Remember you have agreed. It's my penis now and this is my semen too! If I want to lap it up I can, if I want to take it home and play with it..."

"What?"

"I might spread it on my favourite dildo as lubrication, all white on its shiny black plastic and then slide it in." Mmmm that would be nice. Would that be cheating on Mike though? "It would not be as if your penis had been inside me and done its thing. Does another man's semen count? Is it the penis or the semen?"

Carol looked at the subsided penis lying in the pool it had made.

"Perhaps I won't do that ... today. Well, I'd better clear you up." 

Carol was very gentle but, of course, being her, she liked clearing up after a penis had done its thing!

The next morning Carol saw Mike off as usual. Inside his trousers a soft penis and emptied balls: inside Carol the reason they were empty! A nice squidgy feeling in her panties as she knocked on Mr Girrson's door.

The back was certainly better but still in need of the 'Deep Heat.' As Carol had expected when Mr Girrson turned over it was more than clear his penis was also suffering from stiffness.

"I like to see my penis erect."

"Your penis?"

"Remember you agreed to let me do what I liked with it. Today I'm going to shave it."

"Oh!"

It was still erect when Carol came back with Mr Girrson's shaving equipment and a sharp pair of scissors. She patted it. "Good boy!"

It twitched, standing up from him, perhaps a little like the wagging tail of a dog.

A towel set down and snip, snip, snip as the hair was cut nice and short.

There was a bit of a lessening of tumescence as Carol snipped. A flick of the finger, "keep that up Mr Girrson!"

It certainly strengthened, indeed bounded upwards when Carol started to undo her blouse.

"I don't want to get it wet." She said it by way of explanation

Mr Girrson's eyes were wide as her brassiere came into view. Well she had chosen one which emphasised her shape, one which brought her up and made the most of her cleavage. She did not take that off, even though she discarded her top. She knew Mr Girrson would want to see her naked at some point. Of course she had to show him that. She would just have to explain again that he could not fuck her. But perhaps touching might OK Perhaps even sliding his penis along her vulva - she just loved that feeling -- just anything but intercourse, anything but penetration - that was for Mike and Mike alone.

The water from the bowl was hot, building up a lather with the badger hair brush was interesting and better still was the application of the creamy shaving soap before Carol commenced with the safety razor. Slick, slick, slick in long straight strokes before dipping the razor in the hot water. Shaving wrinkled balls was a bit more of a challenge but when she was done and had patted the remains of the lather away there was Mr Girrson's genitalia completely devoid of hair, truly naked and very sexually excited. It certainly made him look more youthful -- at least 'down there.' It also made his penis look even bigger!

"There you are just like a little boy."

"Hardly!"

"Now are you going to come for me again?"

"I can try, Carol, I expect I can."

"Feel how smooth it all is."

"You do the feeling!"

"Naughty. But it really looks nice. Let's tie a ribbon on it and make it look pretty."

"Pretty?"

And Carol had indeed brought a ribbon with her -- blue for a boy. Drawing up the folds of Mr Girrson's long foreskin she tied the ribbon securely around it, the trapped end of the foreskin puckering it up all like a little brown flower. Carol thought it sweet. Within the enfolding skin the mushroom shape of Mr Girrson's knob was perfectly moulded and distinct.
