 It was actually rather frustrating for Carol. She could not permit herself to have intercourse with Mr Girrson. It would not be fair on Mike. Yes, she had a couple of times actually had his knob in her 'vestibule' but it was not really sexual intercourse - it had not gone all the way in, she had not felt the whole big thing inside her, she had not squeezed it intimately nor felt it sliding piston like inside her. More was the pity really. It would be lovely to feel what it was like and feel it ejaculate. 

But, it came to her, there was a way she could sort of feel what his erection felt like inside her - if she took a cast or moulding of it. It would be the same size and shape, indeed it would be the same in every detail only silicone not flesh. She was sure there must be a way she could take a mould from it when fully erect and take a cast from that. Carol researched and found the whole thing less of a problem than she had imagined. You could buy kits to do just that in somewhat odd shops.

The idea made her quite wet. Not that she needed much encouragement at the best of times to feel her natural lubrication coming. The idea of a rubber facsimile of Mr Girrson's big cock pushing into her was more than enough - she loved the idea.

Naturally she needed to get Mr Girrson's agreement. Probably, given he had a tendency to drop off to sleep once she had made him come, she could take a mould flaccid but that was not really what she wanted. It needed, after all to stand up, if it was lying flat against his stomach what she would get would not only be a flaccid penis moulding but one which she could not stick inside herself. It would crouch there like a frog! No, she needed his large penis all erect. Would he agree? She rather hoped he would take it as a compliment - the idea of she wanting a copy of his cock to masturbate with. And she would be happy to show him her masturbating with it. Surely he would like that! To see his facsimile rubber cock stretching her vagina, see it going in and out. Perhaps her fellating the rubber cock and then his real one. Yes, she was sure he would like that. She could even let him push the silicone one into her, see the copy of his knob parting her lips and pushing open her sex as she mimicked the action with her fingers on his penis. He would see what it would actually look like if his penis did enter her vagina.

The instructions said that the moulding compound needed three minutes to set and therein Carol saw a likely problem. The compound needed to be poured into an outer sleeve all around the erection - and the erection needed to be at full expansion - for the whole three minutes. She did not want a half hard cock as her dildo. She wanted the thing as swollen as could be. Perhaps best taken in the morning when Mr Girrson was desperate for a wee. Men seemed at their hardest then. She knew from Mike...

The thought lead to the idea of a practice session with Mike. She would not, of course, at all mind having a facsimile of his penis as well. Indeed she rather thought it would be quite nice to have a few others as well... naughty thoughts, but nice! Nice to imagine the collecting...

"Mike, have you ever thought about sucking your own cock?"

He gave her a bit of a stare and then looked downwards. They were in the bedroom, about to get into bed. Carol was sitting on the edge of the bed dressed in Mike's pyjama bottoms leaving him in just his striped pyjama top. She liked doing that sometimes. She thought it made him look sexy having his equipment hanging in view and she knew he liked seeing her like that. He liked the topless look and liked slipping his hand into the fly.

Carol reached with her hand and fondled. It had a predictable reaction.

After a time he said, "I couldn't reach, Carol, I did try. What brought on this question?"

"When?"

"Oh, you know, when I was a teenager. Wanted to know what it felt like."

"To be sucked?"

"Yeah. Had to wait a few more years for that!"

Carol obliged. She leant forward and her lips closed.

"Mmmm," she said, "I do like sucking cock."

"It wasn't the sucking so much as the being sucked! Different you see."

"Go on! You must also have wondered what it felt like having a cock in your mouth. It's lovely, sucking cock. I can vouch for that!" And she did it again.

"It's gay!"

"Not sucking your own cock. Can't be. After all is wanking gay?"

"No!"

"What's the difference - your hand, your mouth! How did you try?"

"It was a long time ago. Sort of personal, you know. On my bed I think, on my back, bum up against a wall, legs up in the air and then trying to bring myself over and down to my mouth. Nowhere near - of course!"

"Show me."

"NO!"

"Go on, please. I'd like to see."

Reluctant yes, but Carol knew she would have her way. After all, Mike was not exactly unused to her fascination with his penis. He did look funny though with his bottom hole so exposed and up in the air and his penis, erect and its end waving a good two inches from his mouth.

"See Carol, can't be done."

She squeezed a bit of cream right on his anus, she was not used to seeing that so exposed, and began tickling it with her finger and with her other hand pushing down on his buttocks trying to force his penis closer to his mouth. "Can't you even lick it?" Her own tongue came out in a rather suggestive way but Mike could not reach even with his tongue. His penis was tantalisingly - at least that was her view - out of reach beyond his lips or tongue. He was being a good sport though, he really was trying. 

Her hand reached and she began to stroke him, up and down there in front of his face. "Did you cum in your mouth though. Did you wank away and open your mouth?"

"NO!"

"Why not? Surely you'd want to feel what that was like?"

"No, it was quite the opposite. I wanted to feel what it was like to be sucked - not to suck."

"But if you had been able to reach surely... surely if your lips had reached your knob..."

"Yeah, I suppose so. Sooner or later, yeah, I'd have done that. Wanted to feel the sucking on my cock the whole way"

"So, would you like to come now. I'd like to see it, I'll make it cum and I'll aim well."

"No, Carol!"

"Please, it would be so easy."

She had stuck her finger into his bottom and was really working him, trying to make him come.

"No, Carol, definitely not."

"Please, can I see. See you cum in your mouth."

"No!"

"I'll let you fuck my bottom... later." She didn't like that but there again he did not like her idea. It was a fair exchange. She wanted to see him spurt in his own mouth.

"No! Come on, Carol, you do that instead. You like sucking cock." He was wriggling around, getting himself back properly on the bed, pulling her finger from him and her hand from his cock.

He knelt and pushed her head down to his upstanding erection. 

"Mike, what I'd like is..."

But Mike did not immediately hear what she liked. Carol knew sometimes husbands like their wives to be quiet, like to stopper their chattering with their cocks! She was a bit disappointed she had not seen Mike suck his own cock. She loved doing that and she would like to have seen it. She would like to have made him come in his mouth. Her head was bobbing, aided by a firm hand on the back of her head. It was not going to come in his mouth but hers!

Perhaps Mr Girrson could suck his own cock. It was after all longer than Mike's! Perhaps she could explain it was good for his back. A stretching of the vertebrae!

Carol's finger slipped between her husband's buttocks and once again she inserted it into his bottom. An extra thrust at her mouth and then it started. A sudden rush of thick liquid in her mouth. Mmmm! So exciting. Such a pleasure. So Carol! She sucked greedily enjoying the rush of semen, all warm and plentiful, and thought Mike was really missing out.

"Mike?" They were cuddling in bed. Carol's hand resting on her husband's soft and recently ejaculated penis. It was not moving. If he went to sleep before her she might well then play with it.

"Yes?"

"Could I make a cast of your cock, your hard cock."

"Why?"

"To play with when you are away."

"Oh, right. How? "

And she explained.

She could tell he was suspicious. He was thinking about what she had been talking about earlier. "Any other reason?"

"Well, of course so you can suck it and don't tell me it's gay 'cos it's your own cock."

"I really don't need to do that, you silly girl!"

"That's a yes then?"

"Yeah, whatever you want. You're quite loopy some times... most of the time. "

Loopy or not Mike was more than happy to fuck her as soon as he woke up. So good to wake to that, Mike as hard as anything with the twin needs to relieve himself and copulate. And that was when Carol decided the best time to take the cast would be and, indeed, two days later she did just that.

She had warned him, had shaved him the night before ready for the work. That had amused him, indeed unsurprisingly with him he had erected straight away and stayed like that through the whole process. At the best of times he was not a great one for foreplay, liking to get on to the 'main event' pretty quickly. Being told to lie still whilst Carol worked was just not him and as soon as she had finished, indeed barely had she wiped the shaving soap away before he 'jumped her.' She was on her back, legs spread before she knew it and his erection sinking into her.

"No, no, you great big bull... I need you in perfect shape for the morning!"

But there was nothing Carol could do. Her man had decided to fuck her and that was what he was going to do. It was fast and furious, Mike's penis ramming away at her, speeding in and out of her sex as if he had a desperate need to inseminate. And that insemination was not long in coming.

Mike lay still, his weight pushing her down into the bed, "Fuck Carol, that was good!"

Nice enough. Exciting to be taken so dramatically but hardly enough work to bring her to a climax.

"I'm beat. Night." The man just rolled off her and closed his eyes. Carol's eyes went to the ceiling, men! There was Mike's cock. Hardish, wet from her and still dribbling cum. It looked lovely but would not be like that for much longer. Once again she thought how useful it would be if she could just slip next door and take advantage of her 'reserve cock.' Slip into bed with Mr Girrson and make him take her slowly and effectively!

Instead Carol made do. Her head moved downwards towards her husband's still somewhat engorged penis. A heady scent of male shaving soap and fresh semen - just so male. She did not use her hands but her tongue to lift it off his tummy, the smooth exposed head all sticky and salty and then she slipped her lips over it, sucking it in. Mmmm! She loved sucking cock.

"Carol! Careful, I'm too sensitive for that." She ignored him. The softening cock just too good to waste.

Despite his protestations he left her to it and Carol had a pleasant enough time with his penis in her mouth, indeed no tickling hairs and, as it completely deflated, she took the whole thing, balls and all into her mouth. Quite a mouthful - a mouthful of man!

Of course Mike was asleep as she played. He went to sleep easily and quickly anytime but the more so when he had recently fucked.

Carol was tempted to go to Mr Girrson for a play but probably he was already asleep and might neither hear the telephone ring or the doorbell. Perhaps she should just use her key and surprise him. Instead, she just contented herself with her fingers, amused that all being well the next day she would have a reserve facsimile of Mike' cock to help her. It would be fun seeing his reaction to it and to see him sucking it - see if she could get him to 'deep throat' his own cock. It would also be fun playing with the two cocks together though Mike might baulk at that - as he might to the sucking - but asleep she could introduce Mike's penis to his twin. Perhaps one soft and one hard or, if she awoke in the middle of the night perhaps both hard! The idea of the two side by side so exciting.

Mike had, of course, forgotten the next morning that he was meant to be a model. Carol had to leap from the bed and catch him on the way to the bathroom, his morning wood impressive but also something to grab and pull him back to the bedroom with, his need to wee unfulfilled. It was vital to keep him at full stretch, vital to keep him as hard as anything. She had the equipment ready in the kitchen and her talk was all of sex. She needed to keep her man hard.

She pushed him back in bed and told him to stay there and play until she called. All it needed was a kettle boiled and the moulding compound mixed as stirred. Carol called. It was good to see her man come into the kitchen as hard as could be. She was down on her knees with it in her mouth as she tied him tightly right behind his balls with a shoe lace. Carol was not going to risk the blood escaping. It made her a little weak at the knees to see it swell a little more as she tied the lace tightly.

"Stand still." Carol poured the mixture into the specially shaped plastic container, a container designed to accept an erect penis and its balls. She grabbed her husband's cock, stroked it a few times for good measure and pushed it into the mixture, balls and all, so that it was inside the container until the very edge of the container was hard against his skin.

"Now hold it whilst I oil my bottom."

Carol had thought it through, had realised the two minutes the compound took to set would be a long time for even Mike, even desperate as perhaps he was for a pee, to maintain an erection without stimulation. Seeing her bent over the kitchen table, dripping oil between her bottom cheeks and rubbing her anus with it, very obviously in preparation for its penetration would, she was sure, more than maintain his interest. Did the fact she really did not relish the idea add to his excitement. She hoped so!

Carol spread her legs and lay on the table. She reached and poured. It was olive oil - Extra Virgin Olive Oil - thick and dark. She was not a virgin back there but this would be only her third. She had allowed Mike to do it twice before. Carol put down the bottle and began to rub with her fingers, opening her rubbery orifice, slipping a finger and then fingers in. She hoped the view and finger work would be sufficiently stimulating.

"How's that Mike. Does it look slippery and tight enough for you?"

"Mmmmm! Can I really?"

"As soon as the cast comes off." She pushed a second finger in. Such a strange thing to be doing.

Carol's kitchen timer went off after two minutes and she turned and pulled the mould off Mike. He was as hard as when he went in - it was going to work! She peeked into it, into the penis shaped tunnel. The compound had moulded itself perfectly, so far as she could see, around Mike's cock. Unfortunately it was now time for her rectum to do the same.

"I'd rather you fucked me properly..."

"Oh, no, Carol you said... I'll just go and take a leak first..."

"Oh, no, Mike, do that and the deal's off."

"But it's hurting."

"It's certainly swollen!" Carol picked up the oil again and liberally coated her hands . It was such a pleasure for her to rub her hands all over his cock, to feel his hardness in her hands as she made it all slippery and almost difficult to hold.

"Why don't we go and shower and you could just wee in my hands, let me direct the nozzle of your hose and then we fuck."

"But your bottom."

"Oh no! Deals off if we do that. Your choice - but you do want to wee don't you?"

Carol's ploy was not successful and she found herself bent over the kitchen table again and Mike's hardness pushing at the 'wrong' entrance. A strange feeling. The feeling that nothing will happen, that it simply won't go in and then a realisation that, perhaps after all it might, and then the not actually unpleasant feeling of opening and the knob actually being inside.

Perhaps she should have promised anal intercourse another day when she had the facsimile of Mike's cock and insisted he could not penetrate her until he had felt what it was like to have his own cock in his bottom - the facsimile! Carol smiled as Mike pushed further into her rectum. He would then be doing what he was doing with a silicon replica of his penis fully embedded in his own bottom!

But Mike's bottom did not have a dildo in it: rather Carol had Mike's cock in hers and he was steadily advancing. She had oiled him well. Her fingers felt and found her empty vagina. She could feel Mike against her fingers when she pushed them into her. Unsurprisingly she thought of what it would be like to have a cock in both vagina and bottom at the same time. And why not one in her mouth and another pair in her hands for good measure - a third of her imagined rugger team at work at once! And when she had the cast of Mike's penis she could sort of try!

Once impaled Mike did not hang around. He was gentle in his movements but persistent. Carol was amused to think that there was probably a bit of a tussle in his mind about which liquid was going to come out of his penis first. It proved to be semen!

And being Mike once he had come he did not hang around either. He withdrew and before Carol straightened up, feeling her sphincter closing, he was running up the stairs. She wondered how long after ejaculation it took before it was possible to wee. She heard the shower running and smiled. He had gone straight in there to wash and wee. She followed him up the stairs. 

It was not until the afternoon that she filled the mould with the silicone and not until the next afternoon that she removed it from the mould. She was more than pleased with the result.

"Here it is." She handed the silicone cast to Mike. It was funny the way he took it was so tentative despite it being a cast of his own erection. It was bedtime. She had not shown it to him until he was ready for bed. She did, after all, want to compare it to the real thing.

"Oh," he said," turning it around in his hand. Quite big isn't it?"

"Of course it is you silly boy. You've got a lovely big cock." Her hand felt for the real one, "What would you like to do with it - with me?"

Naked she got back on the bed and opened her legs and looked up at her husband. To her he was a fine figure of a man and with that particularly fine feature of a man, a jutting out erection. So funny seeing the silicone facsimile in his hand. She was unsurprised when he turned it around and pointed it upwards and towards her as he came to her. Carol could see there was something rather fascinating about being able to stick things in girls, she could see it from the male perspective. Indeed she rather fancied the idea herself. Not really an interest in another woman's sex but in the penis or realistic dildo. She could see she would find it exciting controlling the dildo or better still the erection and pushing it into place in another woman. It was the idea of being in charge of a penis which spoke to her.

It had been yet another of her bedtime fantasies. A somewhat reversal of harem stories. Instead of the tall Nubian girl or captured slave girl brought to the Sultan for his pleasure: the idea of the bound male brought to the Queen or Sultana. Carol imagined it as being quite inappropriate for the queen's regal hands to touch the genitalia of a mere slave so, instead, her beautiful handmaiden (Carol) clad in scraps of silk performed the role.

Carol imagined prize and sometimes exotic specimens of manhood brought to the bedchamber and her task to present the man for the pleasure of her queen. Yes, to titillate the queen, provide diversion and hopefully ensure a delightful orgasm. Of course it meant disrobing and handling the man, bringing on, displaying and maintaining his erection, very possibly sucking it or doing other things in as lewd a manner as she could for the queen's delight. Perhaps demonstrating the ejaculation. The queen giggling and clapping her hands at a particularly impressive spurt across the marble floor before another male was brought in. It mattered not if one was made to spurt - there would be plenty more slaves waiting. Most likely the men bound for the queen's safety. Ultimately, if that was what the queen wanted, it would be Carol inserting the penis into the queen and ensuring the man thrust to order and, importantly, being in charge of removing the penis should the man show signs of ejaculation. Insemination would be for the king or sultan alone. Would she assist in that - actual insemination?
