 Carol had showered, selected clothing and dressed. She was meeting her old friend Janice, the one she had had that strange dream about, in town for coffee.

Janice had not had a good experience with marriage. She certainly envied Carol's happy relationship with Mike. They had been friends since school, primary school even and they had talked of all sorts of things over the years. Janice had confided, many times, that whilst she did not miss her separated husband one little bit she did miss the sex -- not that she had any intention of starting another relationship, not for a long while - once bitten, twice shy. But she did miss the sex.

They had giggled about masturbation, Janice clearly being sort of relieved to find despite Mike, Carol still did that and it was not just solitary her doing it. That lead to a discussion about not just fantasies but 'objects,' things to assist, rounded penile shaped things and others. It had interested Carol to hear what Janice used - not simply the hairbrush handle of teenage years! Carol had then mentioned she had a remarkably realistic thing -- a rubber cast of a real whopper. And that lead to a request to borrow. So funny handing over Mr Girrson's cast carefully boxed in the supermarket a few days later.

It amused and rather interested Carol to ask what Janice had thought, the next time they met. There it sat on the table between them, somewhat incongruously between the mugs of coffee at Carol's house. It, a completely real looking erection albeit in black silicone and without the man.

Janice had originally asked where she had got it and Carol had been circumspect. This time she was pressed.

"I didn't buy it - I made it."

"Is it Mike's cock?"

"No. Though I have one of his too."

"Some other man? You haven't...?"

"No," said Carol almost truthfully, "I'm just for Mike... only I do play with this other one."

"Play! For real? You must have done to take the mould in the first place I suppose. You do, for real?"

"Mmmm!"

"What do you do... why?"

"It just happened. It's no big deal. We like to sit and chat about things. You know, naked and tease each other."

Janice giggled. "Oooh, fun. But you must have touched to have made the mould."

"Well, yes."

"Big isn't it? Did you suck it - did you suck... all the way?"

"Janice!"

"Well, did you? I certainly did with that!" She pointed at the table and then picked it up and held it, opening her mouth and then looked sidelong at Carol and winked.

"Yes, I've sucked: but I've not done the real thing."

"Difficult to resist I'd have thought. It's big, a lot bigger than Dan's." She pulled a face.

Carol thought Janice was being unfair. As far as she remembered from university... well, Dan and she had been an item for a short time back then and Carol had certainly handled his cock quite a few times. It had been big enough.

"Go on, Carol. Who is it if it's not Mike? Is he young, tall, handsome, black?"

"I'm not saying. He's ever so nice though."

"Would he be prepared... I mean I'm not attached and I'm a bit, you know."

Carol had not expected that, had not expected now that Janice had borrowed Carol's rubber Mr Girrson , she might then want to borrow and try the real thing. Carol, all of a sudden, felt strangely possessive over Mr Girrson's cock. She saw it as sort of hers, her discovery, her thing to play with. On the other hand there was her fantasy of the handmaiden . She had often thought how fun it would be not only to play with a penis but have it so under her control that she could actually insert it into another woman and make it do its thing. She felt possessive but if she was to blindfold her friend and take him to Mr Girrson and then for Janice to do as she said... that would be fun. But if she did that, blindfolded her, then Janice could not find him again. Total control of intercourse and indeed total control of her friend. She could drive her there blindfold.

"I suppose..." she said and Janice's eyes widened as she explained her plan.

Of course it was not just Janice who had to consent but Mr Girrson. To say he was surprised when she outlined the idea would be an understatement.

"You've a friend to whom you lent that copy of my, um, you know... and now she wants.., does she know how old I am?"

"She knows nothing about you except for this." Carol's fingers slid up and down his exposed erection. It had seemed better to broach the idea when he was in a state of sexual excitement - and he certainly was. His penis was there lying on his stomach, all hard and lovely and he was letting her toy. "She's pretty, big boobs - surely you'd like a bit of a change from my hand?"

"Well, and your mouth Carol! I've not exactly missed what you've done with that. So kind."

Carol took that as a hint - that she was to be 'kind' - and her mouth descended. As her fingers had been doing she let her tongue slide up and down the raised ridge from balls to fraenum. Up and down several times before her lips slipped wetly over his knob. She suckled contentedly for a while. Carol liked sucking a penis: Mr Girrson liked having his penis sucked. It was of mutual benefit.

Unsurprisingly Mr Girrson had no real objection to the plan and was rewarded, for his agreement, by an absolutely delightful ejaculation straight into Carol's mouth, a teeth clenching, powerful orgasm. She built it for him carefully. Almost bringing him to ejaculation and then resting a bit, letting him recover with her head lying on his stomach and her eyes looking at the swollen knob with its weeping eye knowing she would shortly be sucking it again. When she finally let him come it was a real deluge in her mouth. A wonderful ejaculation for him and her. It was her stroking tongue on his fraenum which so made it for him. It was most everything that made it for Carol. She enjoyed it all.

Carol had slipped around to his house soon after Mike had headed off to work that morning to broach her plan with Mr Girrson. She did not do that absolutely every day but it was becoming a bit of a habit and Mr Girrson was clearly becoming used to the idea. Probably the regular exercise (by Carol) of his organ had strengthened its reaction. She thought he was erecting easier than before and his semen more plentiful. 

"Morning Mr Girrson, thought you might make me a cup of coffee. It's early I know but be a sweetie." She gave him a peck on the cheek.

Mr Girrson knew the drill, knew she would prefer if he was naked - making the coffee naked - and, as she had hoped, her short dress and lack of a brassiere had its effect. She was respectable enough to be seen in the street, at least from a distance! She was unworried people might see her going into Mr Girrson's. She had let slip to her neighbours that he sometimes needed a bit of help. They were unlikely to have appreciated what sort of help!

She could see the tenting coming in his dressing gown and was very pleased with what she saw when he took it off. An old man indeed but what a magnificent cock! Lovely to see it jutting upwards and swaying as he walked into the kitchen to make the coffee. A pleasure for Carol to see him grinding the beans with his knob knocking against the edge of the worktop - rather getting in the way!

Carol could well understand how men might like to have a maid or housekeeper Hoovering and dusting in the all together. A pretty young girl to admire with gently wobbling boobs and bottom, perhaps her furry mons neatly shaped to the client's choice or denuded according to preference. Carol would have no objection to a fine young man doing chores naked around her house. Perhaps tall, perhaps muscular, perhaps denuded of body hair but most importantly with a big cock and low hanging balls. She was not sure Mike would be quite so happy about having a naked man around the place, especially when she kept erecting the young man and playing with his toy - a big girl's big toy!

Unsurprisingly Carol kept Mr Girrson erect right through the coffee making process even as he carried the two cups and saucers into the lounge. His whole concentration on ensuring no coffee spilt out into the saucers, yet his erection was standing so delightfully firm! 

The event was arranged after she had made him come up in his bedroom. Janice was to come to Carol's house and Mr Girrson would be there. Carol had thought of driving Janice blindfolded around the town before parking right next to her own house and leading her blindfolded into Mr Girrson's house and then, when the sexual intercourse had occurred, leading her out still blindfolded and driving around before bringing her back to park right outside her own house: but it all seemed a bit complicated and what would the neighbours say if they saw her leading Janice blindfolded into Mr Girrson's house? Much easier to have Mr Girrson waiting in another room at her house.

Janice was clearly nervous. "I've never done anything like this, Carol. I mean no dating, or cuddling, or foreplay like I would with a boyfriend. This is so... basic." Her eyes had moved to the cast of Mr Girrson's erection lying between their coffee mugs. It had amused her how Janice kept looking at it - knowing before long the real item would be within her grasp.

"I mean, it's almost as if we are not going to meet - just connect."

Carol nodded. "It's about the penis not the man," she said as she raised the rubber cock up into the air as if it was erecting.

Janice bit her lip. "And you seeing everything. We never did anything like that together."

"Never shared a man."

"Three in a bed, would have been a giggle, eh?"

"I was thinking more about a lonely cabin for a weekend. You me and the boys."

"Swopping partners."

"Who said anything about partners? I was thinking of four or five boys."

"Carol!"

"Imagine it, Janice, once upon a time in the past. They all naked whilst they chop wood and fetch the water, their cocks all swinging - or better!"

"Sex under the stars."

"Hard cocks everywhere. Four or five all at once."

"Carol - you are naughty."

"Ready to be blindfolded?"

"You know, I think I am!" 

It was rather strange tying the bandana around Janice's head. It was thick and big enough so it should not slip. Janice had promised not to try to look but would she keep to her agreement?

"Ready?"

The blindfolded woman nodded but bit her lip. Carol could see she was both nervous and excited. Mr Girrson was waiting in another room. He too seemed a little nervous and not obviously excited when she went to get him - at least physically as his big penis was not standing to attention.

Janice stood up as Carol opened the door and brought Mr Girrson in. Sensibly Carol had moved the coffee table well out of the way. It would have rather spoiled things had Janice tripped over that and gone headlong towards the floor.

"Carol, is he...?"

"Yes, he's here and on the other side of the room, completely naked."

"is he...?"

"Not yet, but I'm sure when you take your clothes off. Shall I tell you?"

Janice was looking towards the door but Mr Girrson had moved and was actually the other side of the room. He had not seen Janice before and was appraising her. He was, no doubt, feeling the strangeness of the situation as much as Janice. There she was, all blindfolded and neatly dressed, the woman he was about to have sexual intercourse with - the first woman since his late wife that he was going to deposit his semen within and he had never met her before, seen her or spoken to her. He was in the same room as two attractive women and naked.

"I don't know if I can go through with this, Carol." Blindfolded Janice was turning her head as if trying to catch sounds. "Is there anybody else here? You haven't set me up with an audience?"

"Would you like that? Three big men sitting on the settee with penises out and at the ready, waiting to wank?"

"No, I wouldn't... they're not, are there?"

"No, Janice, really they're not. Do you want to feel around the room? See, here's the settee, nobody there."

Janice was feeling with her hands.

"OK, OK, Carol, I'm ready."

The woman undid a button on her blouse and then stopped.

"I can't... really I can't."

Carol had not expected that. "You don't have to of course but... do you want me to help you?"

It was a nod. Carol had never undressed another woman before. It was not exactly the sort of thing you did. Her fingers took hold of Janice's blouse and pulled it a little way from her body and began undoing the other buttons.

"What's it doing, Carol?"

"The penis? Oh, nothing yet, just hanging there, thick and soft."

Janice bit her lip again. Was it nervousness or excitement? "It's big even when soft?"

"Oh yes. Do you want to feel it like that?"

A negative - a shake of the head. Janice not yet ready for touching.

Carol slipped the blouse from her friend leaving her in jeans and brassiere. It was a pristine white brassiere, probably new, probably bought for the occasion. Carol reached around and undid the clasp, pulling the brassiere, all warm, from her friend. It felt and looked symbolic. An exposing of the woman to the man. Janice squeaked and covered her breasts with her arms but not before Mr Girrson had seen.

"He's erecting, Janice, the hot blood is pumping, he's thickening and rising. Ooh ninety degrees. Take your arms away. Come on, shoulders back, show yourself off. You've hardly got a pair to be ashamed of have you? Make him stand!"

And Janice had nothing to be ashamed of, nothing at all. Big and firm and topped with rosy nipples: hard rosy nipples Carol noted. It was obvious Janice was turned on despite her nervousness. She would go through with it.

Carol winked at Mr Girrson. He was standing as planned in the corner, as naked as when he was born and simply starring at Janice's breasts as his penis jerked upwards. It was a good barometer of whether he was enjoying himself!

"Let me see, let me see."

"No Janice." She slapped her hand down. "We agreed. You must see nothing. He sees everything. I see everything. You, though feel, suck and fuck. It's what you want to do isn't it?"

Janice nodded. "Yes, yes I do. How big is it now?"

"Quite big. Come on, your jeans."

Carol's fingers on the brass button, her fingers even within the waistband. She had undone a few pairs of jeans in her time, slid the brass zipper done or undone the other brass buttons and fished out a penis. She had loved that, of course. No penis this time but a pair of white panties came into view. No big bulge of a hidden penis, just the mounding of Janice's mons veneris. Again Janice trying to cover herself. As the jeans were slid downwards her hands came modestly over her sex.

"Come on, kick your shoes off and step out of these or shall I ask him to take them off?"

A shake of the head.

To Carol it was something of a dream come true. Not only had she a penis under her control but a woman for it to do things with as well! There was her friend, tall, dark, busty confident Janice clad in just white panties in her front room with a naked man - and she was going to put them together. The curtains were drawn!

"It's very big now, Janice, sticking right up in the air. Just those panties and then you can touch. Oh, the foreskin's rolled back and I can see the knob. It's big."

"Swollen?"

"Oh yes, as fat as you know it to be: but not rubber, hard man flesh."

It was lovely to see Janice literally shudder.

"Panties, Janice, how is the cock to get into you if you have panties on?" She did wonder what Janice was feeling. It must be very strange to be almost naked in a strange house, being undressed by another woman and completely unable to see what was happening, knowing very possibly the man, a complete stranger, might any moment touch you. Exciting or frightening? The more so, either way, with Carol's mention of the cock and how it was going to be going into Janice. How strange knowing there was a stranger's erection in the room, a big one at that, and it was going to be pushed into your sexual orifice and made to release its semen.

"You know you are completely safe, Janice. Nothing will happen that you don't want. Now, Janice, those panties. They need to come off. We need to see you naked."

It was nice seeing Mr Girrson's excitement, the concentration on his face as he stared at Janice, as well as his strong erection. Carol pretended to lick one of Janice's nipples - not that Janice could see what Carol was doing - just sticking her tongue out towards the nipple. Mr Girrson's erection bounced at the sight. He could certainly see.

It was obvious Carol was going to have to deal with the white panties. She did not hurry with them and lowered them in a very teasing way. Teasing for Mr Girrson as only very slowly did Janice's other 'charms' come into view. He, and indeed Carol, could already see her large breasts and her smooth, flat tummy with a well indented tummy button. but now they could see Janice was not denuded - unlike Mr Girrson - there was just the start of a brown bush of hair, a little lighter in tone than the hair on her head, peeking out at the top of the partially rolled down panties. Carol was not used to being so close to the sex of another woman, was finding herself rather excited at the prospect of handling it rather as she did Mike's or Mr Girrson's genitalia. What was more, she was going to put it together with Mr Girrson's. She was not going to let Janice do that all by herself. Carol would insert the penis. It was very exciting for her.

Teasing as well for Janice. The slow undressing before the unseen man was more than likely to be as exciting for her as for Mr Girrson. She did seem to be trembling a little. Nervousness or excitement? Knowing she was being exposed.

The slowly revealing bush was, in fact, waxed or trimmed. It was not a 'landing strip' running along the furrow of her mons veneris but the downward pointing triangle was not wholly natural. As the white panties were rolled downwards the width of the bush steadily declined. As the rolled panties came level with the join of Janice's thighs, Carol looked up at Mr Girrson. His seventy year old erection was looking more than up for the job. It stood very firm; a rather craggy but rather big erection; an impressive male appendage belying his years. On his face a look of concentration as he stared at Janice's sex. Dalek like, he was no doubt thinking , not 'Exterminate, exterminate, exterminate' but 'Inseminate, inseminate, inseminate.'

Carol kept on rolling until the panties dropped by themselves to the floor leaving Janice completely naked just like Mr Girrson.

"Janice I want you to go and sit down on an armchair and open your legs. I want you to put your legs on the arms of the chair so you show us where this big penis needs to go and then I am going to first, try the rubber one to make sure you are wet enough for the real thing."

"I am, I am... I can't believe how excited this has made me. I haven't felt so turned on like this for years. I think I'm dripping."

"Show us."

"Where's the chair?"

Carol guided the blindfolded woman who sat down in it with knees demurely together.

"Open."

"I feel all shy."

Carol motioned to Mr Girrson and each took hold of a knee and, gently, parted them. Janice did not resist as they each lifted a calf and placed it up and over the arms of the armchair. It was amusing to see the sudden panting on Janice's part as she realised it was not just Carol's hands touching her. Janice's hand reached towards where she obviously thought Mr Girrson's penis was and missed. Carol motioned him away. It was not time for Janice to touch.

Carol looked down. With Janice's legs so far apart the oval of her sex was as open as could be. The outer labia had been denuded. Inside Janice's labia minor were revealed to be almost scalloped. Quite the frilliest of things, swollen and running with liquid. 'Succulent' would be a good word. The opening to her body was clear, as also was a, not insubstantial, bump towards the top of the arrangement. Janice's clitoris was, understandably, as swollen as Mr Girrson's penis. They would be touching and rubbing the two organs together soon. So too would the two urethral openings touch before Carol pushed the penis home in Janice's vagina.
