 I confess, I love to suck cock. There, I've said it. I love that feeling of power, bringing a man to orgasm using my lips and tongue. It's a rush like no other. Don't get me wrong, I love all kinds of sex, and sometimes nothing is better than feeling a hard cock sliding in and out of me, fast and hard. But I love, L-O-V-E, love pleasing my man orally, and I do it every chance I get. Fortunate for me, my guy likes it as much as I do, and never puts up a fight, he just lays back and enjoys...mmmmmmmm......

Last weekend, I planned a very special treat for my lover. He had been so swamped with work and all the hassles all week, so I wanted to do something just for him, so Friday night, I set my plan in action. When he got home from work, I met him at the door, wearing that sexy little nightie he likes so much, the one with the transparent panels. Handing him a glass of wine, and taking his hand, I led him to the bathroom, where I had a nice, hot bubble bath waiting for him. Helping him undress, I then watched as he eased his tired, workworn body into the heated bubbles, and heard his pleased sigh...He soaked a while, unwinding, as I sponged warm soapy water over his shoulders and chest. He likes that, and I could see his appreciation peeking up at me through the bubbles, despite the melting effects of the warm water. Soaping my palms, I ran them over his skin, washing the dust of the workday from his body, and paying close attention to certain parts of his anatomy. Then, taking his hand, I urged him from the water, and proceeded to pat his body dry. This done, I lead him into the bedroom, softly lit with romantic candles. The light from them flickering on his still damp skin, making me take time to admire his rugged good looks, and the manly proportions of his body. Urging him down onto the edge of the bed, I pressed close, pressing his body back until he reclined there, feet on the floor, hips on the edge of the matress...the perfect position for what I had in mind.Slowly, I slid down his body, pressing tiny, open mouthed kisses over his chest and stomach, taking time to suck and tug his nipples a bit with my teeth playfully, then moving even lower. I could feel his stiff cock raking over my stomach and chest as I slid lower, finally knealing there on the floor between his spread legs. His cock was before my eyes now..all stiff and dark red, the head almost purple with passion, a tiny drop of moisture gathering there on the tip, making my mouth water.

Slowly, I slid my palms up his inner thighs from knee to hip, followed by my mouth, taking tiny little nips with my teeth as I moved upward. My palms brush up his groin, just on either side of his stiffness, not touching yet..teasing...pleasing...making him suck in his breath, and his cock jerk in anticipation...

When I knew he could stand no more, I lightly flick my tongue over his tight balls, making him gasp..I do so love that sound, and the feel of his body as it jerked with the shock of my warm tongue. Slowly, I sucked one ball into my mouth, rolling it gently between my tongue and the roof of my mouth, continuing to apply suction as I let it pop from my lips wetly, and moved to repeat the motion with his other ball. Removing my hand from around him, I began to slide my tongue slowly and wetly up the underside of his shaft, until I reached the head, where I captured that tiny drop of pre-cum on it, and savored the flavor of his sex. The taste, though small, seemed to flood my mouth, and make me hunger for more of the taste of him. My lips softly together, I pressed a kiss to the tip, then opened my mouth and let my tongue slide softly around the helmet of his cock, again and again, changing the direction of my motions often, and stopping only to softly rake my teeth over the now dark purple cap. The feel of my teeth raking that oh, so sensitive skin made him arch and moan..mmmmmm..I love that...and inspiring more creative actions from my willing lips. Opening my mouth wide, but holding my lips firm against the skin of his shaft, I began pushing his cock deeper into my mouth, taking as much as possible into me, until I felt the head pressing deep into my throat, which convulsed and moved around it, my tongue never hesitating in its massage of the underside of the shaft. Just as slowly, I slide him out of my mouth, only to repeat the action again and again. By that time, he was moaning continually, and his hips were arched high, rocking slightly as he attempted to push even more of his hard shaft into my willing throat.

Moving back, I slid him from my mouth, and teased him even more with little love nibbles all along his shaft. I felt his hands grasping my hair, and reveled in the power to bring him to this state. Finally, I showed some mercy, and began to move my mouth quickly up and down his shaft, his swollen cockhead bumping along the roof of my mouth as I moved with ever quickening strokes, my fingers massaging his hard balls, rolling them gently between my fingers. His hands now tightly grasping my head, his hips rocking furiously, he proceeded to fuck my mouth for all he was worth, carried away in the sensations of pleasure building and building within his groin. I could feel his balls tighten and contract, and his cock seemed to swell even more, and began to jerk spasmodically. I knew he was ready to explode, so I once more slid him deep into my throat, sucking wildly, tongue moving furiously, as I felt the first hot burst of cum pounding against the back of my throat. He came so hard, and so long, I began to wonder if I might drown, but oh..what a way to go, I thought. Finally, his hips stopped thrusting, and his hands loosened from my hair. I continued to gently suck his wilting cock, his sticky cum oozing from my lips to coat his shaft. As he went totally soft, I let his now limp cock slide from my mouth and proceeded to lick it nice and clean.Moving up beside him, we cuddled close, sharing a long, deep kiss, and the taste of his cum from my lips. He was drained, in more ways than one, his body limp and saited, still weak from the power of his orgasm. I cuddled his head there on my breasts, and let the poor, dear man drift off into much deserved sleep, a smile on his lips, and mine. Mmmmmmmmmmm.....I confess..I do so love to suck his cock.