 My name is Philip. My operative name is Ramrod. My job? Lots of people would like to know what I do. My advice to them, and to you, is this: You don't want to know! Besides, what I do isn't what I write about. I travel all over the world and I meet the most beautiful women. In trains, in planes and, in automobiles, I taste of feminine beauty in countries from A to Z. Please don't get the wrong idea. My partners are always willing participants, and in quite a few cases, the fairer sex is the one who initiates the passionate encounter.

I had just arrived in the Port of Freemantle in western Australia. I hailed a cab to take me to my hotel in Perth. The warm air and bright sun felt good, and the city was beautiful. There were gardens of flowers everywhere, and the yards of every home were carefully manicured and ablaze with flowers. We arrived at the Mercure Hotel, and I was anxious to check in; after all, I hadn't relaxed in weeks, and I was due a little vacation. It would turn out to be only two days, but what a two days they would be.

I don't remember what time I lay down, but my nap turned into a much-needed sleep. I woke up at 7:00 pm feeling much revived. I grabbed a shower and a shave and headed for the dining room. A young oriental beauty greeted me and escorted me to a table. I ordered a large steak and a mug of Fosters beer.

I was looking around the dining room when my eyes caught a blonde looking my way. She quickly looked the other way, but not with out raising my hopes of finding a woman to spend the evening with, and if I was real lucky, the night. I got up from the table and walked towards the bar. Standing close to my object of desire, I asked her if I could by her a drink. She said. " A yank" with a beautiful smile. "You can boy me a drink, or you can boy me dinner and drinks." I tried to not look like the cat with the canary in its mouth, and immediately invited her to my table where we began to get acquainted. Her name was Allison and she was a CEO of her own software company. She and her company provided software and database programs designed for very specific and often secret applications, and an equally obscure clientele. This was working out quite well. Neither of us could talk much about our work, and we joked about having to kill the other if we told what we really did. They did discover a wide range of common interests; such as, a love of the sea, love and respect for animals, and great love of being naked, especially in the great outdoors, or should I say outback. Perhaps it was the Fosters, but we were both giddy and quite open about our sexuality. We also enjoyed a wonderful meal, yet for me somehow it wasn't as important as looking at this beautiful woman who just walked into my evening.

Allison and I finished dinner, and drifted into a garden adjacent to the hotel courtyard. It was a warm spring night with a soft breeze and the fragrance of flowers was strong. For the first time we embraced. Our lips met and danced. There was passion in our tongues; it was going to a beautiful night filled with marvelous experiences. "Would you like to take a drive to Freemantle Philip?" Allison asked me in her lovely accent. This evening was like karmic reliefin action, the kind of dream that gave me wet dreams when I was a teenager. "Lets do it, you are driving though. You folks drive on the wrong side of the road!" I teased. Allison laughed easily and kissed me and then pulled me through the lobby to her Holden convertible. We were soon on the expressway to the harbor. I stared at the stars, felt the wind on my face and hair, smelled the sweet smell of Alison, and the beauty of this woman graced his sense of sight. My senses were saturated as we pulled into a secluded area of Cottislow beach. We walked hand in hand on the beach experiencing that sudden mountain top experience of being in lust. I know what you're thinking...he is a chauvinist, which I am not, and besides she had made it clear she was not interested in any long term relationships at this point in her life, and certainly not a long distance one. We talked about enjoying the present and being satisfied with it. So far, I was the most satisfied man on earth.

We embraced under a moonless starlit night. The warm offshore breeze blew Alison's short skirt up, and I was tantalized by the white thong that jumped into view, showing the contrast between her dark bronze skin and the ultra white material. She made no effort to hide it, in fact she gathered her skirt in one hand and pretended she was posing for the camera. She did a half spin in the soft sand and fell into my arms. I pulled her tight body to mine and pressed my lips to hers. She responded with wet lips and an eager tongue. She kind of straddled my left leg, and when I thrust my knee out a bit, she pushed her pussy against my leg. My hands cupped the cheeks of her ass and encouraged her dance of pleasure. She was so hot, and so was I. We looked into each other's eyes, and hers sparkled and her smile seemed so comfortable to me, so wise and yet, absolutely seductive. She stepped back and undid the buttons on her blouse, one at a time. She pulled the blouse back on her shoulders exposing her beautifully proportioned breasts. A second later the blouse was gone, and so was her bra. I gazed at this beautiful woman, on a beach in Australia, and thanked my lucky stars and my spiritual guide for taking care of my love life.

I was out of my clothes in a heartbeat, and I knelt before her as in worship, and pulled the skimpy panties down her flat abdomen, and beautiful hips. My eyes had adjusted to the darkness, and I could see her quite easily. My tongue licked her narrow tuft of pubic hair. I licked lower and lightly pushed her labial lips from side to side before allowing the tip of my tongue to enter the channel between. It was wet and hot. She tasted so good as her precum reached my taste buds, and her smell permeated my brain. She said, " My goodness but I do love to be eaten by such a romantic and talented man." I thanked her for her kind remarks, and I added that I would try to make her night as magic as I could. We needed some comfortable, prone position. We spread out a blanket we had brought, and I lay on my back. She straddled me and positioned her sweet pussy in my face. My tongue bathed her snatch, licking her hard clit up and down and side to side. The light touch of my tongue made Alison squirm. I took advantage of this by rolling my face around in her wet slit. The speed and momentum of her squirming quim soon became urgent. "Oh yes Phillip...oh it feels so so good luv..hmmmm oh ya oh God", she screamed "I'm cumming!" Her pussy lips were swollen and so tasty. As her pussy squirmed around my face, I was rewarded with a splash of Allison's cum. It got me so turned on. My cock was rock hard, and she reached her hand back and grasped the long hard shaft. She lifted her body up and back, placing her wet pussy around my engorged prick. She lifted up and down slowly, allowing the sensation to sink into my being. She rode my cock for al long time before removed my cock from her pussy, and replaced it with her mouth. At the same time, her hand deftly milked my meat and she played with my sticky pre cum. It formed long strings from the tip of my cock to her pointed tongue. Her tongue was also talented, licking the slit that would eventually eject my cum. She licked my shaft, and let her tongue dance on the head. She licked my balls, and sucked them onto her mouth like fruit. She was so gentle, and I found it hard to remember when I had been so turned on by a woman. She spread my legs wide and licked all the way down to my ass hole. She toyed with my anus before she commenced seriously sucking of my cock. I watched my meat disappear and reappear from her lips, and felt such good vibes from Allison. My hands ran through her blonde hair, and rode with the rhythm of her head as she expertly sucked my cock. It soon became evident that she was once again aching for some relief. I motioned for her to once again mount my cock. I felt the warm lips close around my dick head. Slowly she eased downward until our pubic hair mashed in wet sticky delight. It felt like her pussy was sucking my cock inward. Her muscles were strong and her appetite for sex was also strong. She lay against me and our lips met in a long and soulful kiss. In our stillness, ever so small movements felt delicious. I could feel the pressure building in my loins, and whispered in her ear that I was soon about to deliver my essence to her. Her mouth found my nipples and began to suck and lick them, first one, then the other. It was as if I had received an electrical shock. My body pushed upwards, and I could feel every muscle in her body strain and quiver. She pushed downward and ground her pussy against my cock. She rocked frontward and backwards as well as from side to side and up and down. A few minutes of that and I was off in the universe with this angel, my mind reeling and my body rapidly approaching the point of no return. My hands cupped her breasts and played with her nipples. It drove her wild and we both began to thrash and scream. My hot load of cum blasted down my penis and exploded into her pussy. My cock squeezed out spurt after spurt as she screamed with delight at the feeling of cum spurting, and my cock riding her G spot. My climax became one of those rare multiple orgasms, and the exquisite feeling kept on and on as we reeled with the power of this union. Our lips were mashed together, arms tightly clasped around one another, and my hard dick riding each and every wave of her orgasm. God knows how long they lay together, but eventually we realized we were no longer on the blanket. The cool sand felt good, and as we lay on their backs side by side, we watched the Southern Cross and a billion stars. This night, this moment was magic pure and simple. We talked and talked and admired one another as well as the night sky. "Come on luv, time for a swim." I stood on wobbly knees and stretched before taking her hand and walking to the waters edge.

The waves weren't really waves, more like ripples with the off shore breeze. The waters of the Indian Ocean were so very warm and refreshing. We played in the water, and held each other tightly. At some point Alison asked me what my plans were for the next day; well, actually today, for when I checked my watch, it was 3:00am. I told her I had no plans, and she responded in a most delightful display of happiness, like a schoolgirl. I was amazed and delighted she was so happy. She told me she wanted to take me back to the hotel and fuck my brains out. Then when we woke up, we'd get a good Ausie breakfast and go into the outback. The only thought that came to my mind at that moment was "sweet destiny".

By 4:00 am we were both standing in my shower, the water pounding away the salt and sand, and some of the tiredness. My eyes beheld a beautiful woman with the most memorable curves. Her muscle tone was suburb, and it was evident that she was very athletic. She bent over to pick up the top to the shampoo, and I couldn't resist taking advantage of the opportunity. My hard cock pushed along the furrow of her pussy, while my hands softly held her hips. She was bent straight legged, and touching the tub bottom with her right hand, her left hand sought out my cock, and guided it into her vagina. Her love tunnel was warm and slick. As I pushed my meat all the way in, she moaned and wriggled her bottom which ground my pubic area against her twat. Her muscles were contracting and holding me tight deep in her pussy. The water cascaded off our bodies adding to the intense pleasure. I stared at her bottom, and her tight little ass while my right hand sought out her clit. I gently massaged the swollen hot spot, and in a moment Allison was bucking against my cock, exploding in orgasm. When she stood up, she turned and wrapped her arms around me and kissed me long and hard. She raised one leg up slightly and captured my hard cock between her legs. I suggested we turn the water off and hop into bed. Still wet, our bodies clung to each other, my cock just inside the entrance to paradise. I could not believe the mutual passion we were expressing. It had been a long time since I had been with a woman who was so compatible with me sexually. She rolled me onto my back and straddled me. For a moment she played with my cock, milking the precum and seductively putting her glistening finger into her mouth where she pulled it in and out, rolled her eyes, and cooed. My hands cupped her breasts and gently squeezed them. Her mouth descended to my cock, and her lips kissed the wet head of my meat. I was getting so very hot, and I could feel myself building. At another time I might have held off, but not this morning. I told her I was close, and she lifted up and brought her pouting pussy down onto my shaft. Alison lifted up and down and rocked her pelvis with my cock sliding in and out of her hole with great enthusiasm. She pinched my nipples and pushed down to get me as deep as possible. I suddenly realized she was very close to climaxing again. Watching her approach orgasm was too much. I yelled that I was cumming, and my hips thrust upwards, lifting us upwards. With a muted scream, she bounced on my cock. I exploded sending my hot reward into her pussy. It spurted out and squished as she continued to take my cock completely out and then in. Her pussy was pulsating along with my dick, and we couldn't say a word. We would later describe how unique and beautiful our lovemaking had been. We considered ourselves blessed to have found each other, even if it was only for a few days.

We awoke at 10 that morning nestled together spoon style, a pleasant way of starting our morning. When fully awake, we dressed for the day, light weight and light colors. It was going to be a hot day in more ways than one.

We ate on the way out of town, a hearty meal that would last us awhile. Yanchep Park is about 50 km north and east of Perth. A full line of fun things to do were available. Wild life, flowers, caves, hiking trails, and horse back riding. I was at Allison's mercy which was fine with me. She knew the country well, and also knew how to get away from tours and tourists. We rented a couple of horses and rode out into the outback. She was a good horseman, and I was average, having ridden years ago. We rode and talked for an hour before coming to a rock outcropping rising gently until it flattened into a plateau. Part of the way up, we stopped at a pool of water that was a couple of acres in its coverage and from 3 feet to about 12 at it's deepest. We dismounted and Alison removed her clothes and ran for the water. I was a bit slower, but when I saw her beautiful naked body splashing in the pool, I got out of my clothes in a heartbeat.

The water was a beautiful aqua, and the bottom sand was brilliant white. The water was warm but refreshing after our ride. When we had had enough of the water, we lay our bodies on the flat tan rock shelf above the pool. It was shaded for the moment, and was a beautiful spot. It felt so good to experiencing the real outback with an exciting female. Our bodies dried out, and I stroked her warm tanned skin. There were no tan lines, and her skin was smooth considering her sun exposure. My hand slid to her pussy, and my fingers rubbed her clitty. She moaned quietly and pushed her pussy into my hand. A moment later my hand was sliding in and out of her hole, wet and sticky with her precum. I put my lips to her left breast and licked the areola and flicked the hard nipple. I then pouted up the other nipple and sucked her breast until it was wet with my saliva. "Fuck me Philip, here in the great outback. Hmmm ya...slip that big cock in... ahhhhhh yes...you feel so good in my pussy!" I stroked my cock in and out of her tunnel stopping once in awhile to rubbing her clit with the swollen head of my dick. I half stood up and stroked my rigid penis with my right hand. Her hand went to her pussy and played with her clit. We watched each other playing with ourselves. It only took a few moments for her to reach the very brink of orgasm, and she screamed, "Fuck me good mate!" My long cock was quickly sliding in and out of her pussy, the opening stretching in and out with my thick cock. Alison's legs locked around my body and her back arched into me as she experienced one massive climax after another. For 5 minutes she was racked with orgasm while I reached my joyful climax. I felt my internal organs and muscles constricting, preparing my cargo for an explosive delivery. I was fucking her hard, my penis slamming in and out. Then the pressure and cosmic force of this beautiful act took over. My cock blew its load as I growled like an animal at the force and feeling of release of cum into her steaming pussy. Her hands cupped my ass and pulled me even tighter as she experienced her final large wave. I could feel my cock spasm and keep pumping my hot cum into her tender tunnel. We held each other until the sun was directly on us, and we walked down to the pool and cooled off.

We were getting hungry and decided to head back to the park and gab a bite to eat. The ride back was uneventful except for the occasional kangaroo hopping by. Over a Fosters and lunch, we discussed whether to go back to Perth, or get a room and stay here for the night. The sun had taken some of our get up and go, so we agreed to check into the local inn. Soon, we were on the king size bed, naked and wrapped around each other.

Allison and I were locked in a passionate kiss that reenergized us for our evening. Her hand stroked my balls and shaft. Her hand cupped and twisted on the head of my dick drawing out my sticky precum. She broke our kiss and pushed my legs apart. She placed my meat into her mouth and sucked it with great expertise. A few moments later she straddled my body, adjusting her ass and pussy at the disposal of my eager mouth. I licked her twat and ass hole while she serviced my erect cock. I do love 69, it is my favorite number. My face was soon covered with her essence. She tasted so good; her labial lips were pouted and clitty hard and stiff. I flicked her clit with my tongue and sucked it gently with my mouth. I placed a finger into her rectum and finger fucked her ass. She responded immediately by rocking her hips and treating my tongue from bush to slick honey pot. My tongue probed her hole while my hands fingered her ass and squeezed her ass cheeks. Her mouth felt like a pussy with a tongue! I was really getting close to cumming. I automatically became more frantic in my efforts to devour her cunt. As she came, she rewarded me with a flood of her own cum. I in turn flooded her eager mouth with my hot liquid. As we disengaged, we were face to face, her beautiful smiling face covered with my sperm, and the creamy reward lumped on her tongue. I pulled her to me and kissed her lips, sharing my own cum. It was salty, and it turned me on to the point I never lost my hard on. After a short rest, during which she stroked my cock, we resumed calling it "round two".

Alison was on the bed, on her knees, her ass ready for my penetration. I positioned myself behind her in typical doggy fashion, but I paused to appreciate the beautiful ass before me. By rock hard cock slid in easily and was soon vigorously stroking Alison's pussy. I reached around and played with her lovely breasts while I pushed deep into her and held her to me. I rotated my hips and pulled up against her G spot. "Oh my God YES!" she screamed. My efforts were quickly rewarded when she had multiple orgasms that clenched my cock and pulled it from the depths of my prostate. She rocked her hips and continued to fuck my cock while she trembled with the intensity of release. We were yelling, laughing and crying all at the same time. What a fuck it was, and each time it got better and more intense. The only negative thought was that we would have to say good-bye within 24 hours.
