 Saturday morning, Liz has gone out shopping with her girlfriends, and most likely won't be back until late afternoon, depending on how good the Margaritas are at their favorite Boston watering hole. 

I am in the basement sweating on the bike or the Nordic Track and watching some aerobic video, trying to get my 40 year old body to look like it still is 20 something. Ah, vanity.

After the workout, dripping of sweat and very naked, with a towel around my neck, I huff and puff my way up the stairs to be greeted by a female voice calling "Marc?" 

"Excuse me, but who are you and what do you want with my son?" I ask of this 5' 6" short blond haired, 22 year old female, clad only in a celery green bikini, only slightly bigger than a Wicked Weasel version of swim wear and with a white see-through cover up over her, and, oh yes, she is barefoot. She is covering a pair of 'A' sized mosquito bite tits and a very shapely ass and what I can see of a shaved pussy. She is somewhat tongue tied as she is staring at my nakedness below the navel and then, suddenly, realizes I have asked her a question. I repeat the question and find her saying, 

"Sorry, I am Kasey, Marc's friend. We had a date to go to the beach for the day. Is he home?" 

"Not that I am aware. He left with his buddies at about 10 last night and I have no idea where they went, but I can say it most likely had to do with beer and girls, but not necessarily in that order. I imagine they got better offers and have forgotten their watches. What did you say your name was, again?" 

She replied, sounding rather annoyed, 

"I'm Kasey, Marc and I have been dating and he was supposed to be here to meet me." 

"Well, he isn't home but you can have a seat and wait if you would like. I would call his cell phone, but it is upstairs on his dresser. I heard it ring several times earlier today." 

"Yes, that was me reminding him of this date" she replied. 

"Well, until he gets home, would you like a beer?" I asked. She shrugged at me and kept starring at my cock as I spoke to her and as she answered my questions.

I went to the bar refrigerator and retrieved two beers bottles, the Tequila bottle and a pair of shot glasses (notice a pattern in my behavior developing here?). 

Kasey, huh? And it all came flooding back to me. Marc told me of his sexual frustration with a girl named Kasey... the one who was a cock tease and was nicknamed Miss Kasey no fuck. Seems she will let you touch, probe and fondle but nothing else. 

Marc's last date with her ended at her apartment. They were making out, he managed to get his hands under her top and lift it off, exposing her mini tits. He was working his way down her neck and chest to her nipples when she pushed him off her and told him to strip... remove all your clothing. Figuring this might be an easy path to her pussy, he did as requested, shedding shirt and shorts, sneakers and socks, and stood, naked, all 10+ inches of him, in front of her.

She extended her hands to his rising manhood and toyed with his foreskin, then told him to spin around so she could see all of him and then to lie down across her lap, on his back. He said he would only if she got down to her panties. She thought about it for a second and then complied, removing her shorts and sneakers. He lay down, on his back, over her lap, with his cock in front of her, erect and oozing pre cum fluid.

She slowly began to play with his foreskin, sliding it up and down, opening his pee hole and watching the oozing of fluid, and generally being a cock teasing bitch. 

So, as he is telling me this, I asked him 

"Why the hell did you let her do that to you. She was just teasing you with no regard for your need to cum, or be intimate with her. Why wouldn't she let you fuck her?" 

"I don't know, she wouldn't tell me, but listen, it got better."

He told me that she said he would look better, bigger if he got rid of all the pubic hair around his cock and balls and ass. She told him he should shave all that hair and be better groomed for sex. He liked the idea, figuring she would fuck him then. So she stood up, dumping him onto the floor, took his hand and led him to the bathroom. She pulled the stopper on the tub and began running warm water. When the level got to be about 6 inches, she told him to get in and she followed. Her panties turned translucent and he could clearly see her labia and watched as it seemed to open and close as she became sexually charged. She positioned him away from the faucets and herself at the faucets. She reached for the safety razor and shaving cream and lathered his groin with cream. Slowly (because she did not trim his bush before starting) she began scraping away his long black hairs. When she finished the upper section, above his cock, she told him to get on his knees facing her and began to shave around the side of cock and leg. She moved over to his scrotum, gently pulling down the skin to stretch it out and removed the hair from there all the way around to his perineum. She told him to slowly turn around and bend over so she could shave his ass and asshole. He said it was the most erotic feeling he had ever experienced and had a massive hard on because of it.

When she completed her task, she stood up and turned on the shower, and showered off all the excess hair and shave cream. A few touch-up strokes of the razor and Marc said he looked massive, and as naked as a newborn boy.

Kasey dried him off with a towel and smoothed some lotion for bikini area shaving over his whole newly naked body parts. He said it burned like hell but the burn subsided and began to feel all 'tingly'. She then began to, again play with his foreskin and fingered his clean shaven asshole, all to his delight... until he realized he was about to go over the edge and began squirting his load all over her bathroom. She pumped and he squirted and squirted. And when his orgasm slowed down and stopped, she let go of his cock, slapped him on the ass and said, "OK, time to go." 

She dressed, tossed Marc his cloths and headed for the door. She dropped him off at the house at about 5:00 AM and sped off in her new Red Mustang convertible, a new present from her Daddy!

So, here she was again, this time on my turf. I handed her the beer, and sat my naked body down on the hassock, legs spread and facing her as she sat, still staring at my groin. I took a long drag on the beer as did she. I lifted the bottle of Tequila as an offer and she reached for the shot glass which I filled to the brim. I did the same to mine and we both downed it. I asked her where she was heading, what beach, was it topless or a nude beach and she seemed to find my questions funny. 

"Why are you asking me these questions?" she smiled. 

"Because you are wearing next to nothing in swimming attire and I have a lifestyle of nudity in my home. Just wondering if you held to nudity in your home. Marc seems to think you like your men naked and pliable to play with."

"So I guess he told you I shaved his cock and balls."

"Yes, he did and I saw your handiwork and he and I like the look. But I cautioned him that he would have to keep it shaved or else when it began to grow in, it will itch like hell. I know this first hand because about two years I had a hernia operation and the surgeon had to shave my groin area pre-op. I let it grow in (Pointing to my full crop of pubic hair) and it itched for more than two weeks."

She continued to stare at my cock and balls, hidden in the forest of dark pubic hair, she leaned forward, poured herself another shot (now her forth) and she extended her fingers to my groin, separating out the cock from the scrotum and told me the same line she used on Marc. 

"You know you could look a lot bigger if you shaved all that hair off and let your junk hang free." 

Now, flaccid, I measure about 6 inches. Erect, my son has me by about an inch, so I am about 10 inches fully hard... and she wants to shave me and make me look bigger? Oh, This is going to be fun!

"Are you offering?" I asked, pouring her another shot. 

She stood up, downed her fifth shot, and rather unsteadily, pulled her white cover-up off her body and took my hand, and led me to the upstairs bathroom.

She stopped just short of the top stair; turned to me and asked "Won't your wife mind my doing this?" 

"Not at all, as I do hers about every two weeks. Liz has had a full Brazilian for many years and has been after me to do the same... she was disappointed when I let it all grow in after the hernia operation."

She proceeded in the same way Marc had told me, running a bath getting my razor and shaving cream, but I insisted on scissor trimming my bush before we razored anything off. I was experiencing a very erotic moment as I felt her manipulate my re-growing erection to one side and to the other, lifting my heavy scrotum and balls to one side and then to the other. When she turned me around and began to work on the hair in my crack and around my ass, she was holding onto my cock and slowly stroking it as it was slippery from the shaving cream. I loved what was happening here. A 22 year old cock tease thought she was going to repeat what she had done to my son, now to the old man. Not a chance.

When she was done, we stood up in the tub; she turned on the shower, adjusted the temperature and began flooding the newly naked area of my body with water, smoothing away any remaining hair and doing a bit of last minute trimming.

I helped her out of the tub and handed her a towel. With her back to me she began to dry herself off and I knew I was about to get even for Marc. As she toweled off her chest, I pulled on one of the bikini top strings and it untied, releasing her tiny breasts. As it dropped in front of her, she bent further down to retrieve it, cussing under her breath, and I pulled the thong string in her ass crack to the side and exposed the top of her pussy, My cock was there like a magnet and I grabbed her hips with both hands and pushed my way into her as far as I could. She and I were both wet in the appropriate areas and it was no work to get into her cunt and stay there. She screamed and tried to get away, her arms flailing for something to grab or to grab ahold of me, but I lifted and held her small form in place and began pumping into her increasingly wet cunt. She was small and weighed barely 100 pounds, so lifting her ass up and keeping her plugged onto my cock was not hard. I wrapped one arm around her waist and with the other hand completely untied the bikini bottom. I removed the offending garment and carried her to my bedroom where I deposited her naked flesh on the bed. Slipping my cock out of her, I flipped her over and kicked her legs open, fully exposing her shaved pussy. She continued screaming and swearing at me and fought me as I descended to her, my newly exposed manhood hard, wet and ready, and, again, I puncture her tiny hole. I looked down at her face as my cock was poised to began its journey up into her love canal. She was shaking her head from side to side, tears in her eyes.

"If I were as big a cock tease as you are, I would not push my cock into you, but rather I would leave it at your opening, maybe just touching your clit, and hopefully drive you crazy with frustrated desire. You teased my son more than once and I did not appreciate it. Marc is a good, caring boy who just wanted to make passionate love to you. He has done it many times to many other girls who have loved him, in return, for his kindness, attention to their needs and always making sure they experience multiple orgasms before he cum's, whether in them or on them."

"You, on the other hand, must think it is fun to just tease boys and not fully finish what your flirting and teasing starts. So, I could be a good father and teach you a lesson based upon how you have treated Marc and other boys before him, leave my cock at the entrance to your soaking wet cunt, yes I can feel your lubricant juices leaking out of your enflamed pussy, or, I can be a real prick, force as much of my erect 10 inches into you and fuck you silly. So, you decide. Should I just stay here, positioned like this, just barely touching your clit, or shove my rod in all the way to your cervix?"

She was slowly loosening her pushing my shoulders away. Her tear stained face, mascara running down her cheeks, quivering lips, was quite a sight. She dropped her hands from my shoulders and with one shove pulled herself up impaling her pussy on my cock. 

She looked up at me with a smug, 'SO THERE' kind of look, and I thought, "You bitch. You have no idea what I am about to do to you"

I kicked her legs out as far as they would go and began pounding my cock in and out of her, and on each inward thrust, I made sure to wiggle to one side or another making sure I was stimulating her clit with every motion. Hitting her clit, like this was beginning to have its effect on her. At each push, I saw her eyes flutter, and her breathing change. She was breathing in shallow breaths and her face was becoming a flushed pink color. Within a few minutes of this punishment, she closed her eyes tight, almost into a grimace, and her body went ridged. She began to tremble as her first orgasm waved over her, and I did not stop. I could feel her vaginal muscles tighten around my cock at each wave of pleasure, and I did not stop. With each push into her, I got in deeper, until I could feel the tip of my cocks head hitting her cervix.

After maybe six or seven of these moving orgasms, I suddenly puled out of her, flipped her over and with one of my arms grabbed her wrists and held her arms underneath her chest. My legs forced her legs apart, again, and my cock parted her ass cheeks, looking for that wet, soft sweet spot. I found it and returned to pounding her cunt. My weight on her held her in place on the bed, and one hand under her kept her arms from interfering with my actions. My other hand reached under and moved down her stomach to her clit and I began teasing it, rubbing it lightly and then squeezing it between my fingers. Again, I felt her body tense, she screamed, called me a few nasty names but her orgasms put an end to the mouthing off. I lifted her hips until her ass was in the air and resting on my cock, still impaled inside her cunt. Her pink pucker was now fully visible and I heard her say "NO" as I began to apply finger pressure to her ass hole. I spit on it and rubbed it around. The pressure of my finger overcame her objections and I got one full knuckle into her rectum. I wiggled it side to side and pushed in to another knuckles worth. A finger in her ass, cock in her cunt and my other hand wrapped around her hip, holding her up and my fingers at her clit. Her hands now free were thrashing, but with little effect as I was overloading her with erotic sensations.

She was sobbing, crying between the waves of pleasure, and again, I stopped my pushing, leaving my cock in place. I slowly extracted my finger from her asshole and extended it to her face and mouth. She sucked on it and licked it, not knowing where it had been. She was exhausted, no fight left in her. The repeated pleasures, coming so quickly and constantly had taken her fight away.

I pulled out and flipped her over onto her back, reached for a few tissues from the bedside stand and began to wipe away the tears and streaked makeup. I rolled over onto her and nuzzled, gently into her neck, slowly beginning to kiss her neck, gently, licking the salty tears away, and just 'loving' her.

I trailed my tongue attention down her neck to her chest and to her mosquito bite nipples, taking one and then the other into my mouth and slowly sucking on each one. They responded to my mouth and, again, I felt her body respond to this new stimulation. I could spend days just ministering to a girls breasts and nipples. The way they taste, feel in the mouth, respond to my squeezing and just messaging. She was just lying there, slowly, but deeply breathing as the new pleasures overcame her. I moved my mouth attentions down to her navel and sucked on it, pulling her navel ring with my lips. 

Moving south, I landed just above her clit, and pussy. My arms had been lightly holding her wrist, but feeling no resistance, I let go. She responded quickly to this freedom and lightly pushed my head further down to her personal glory hole. My hands found her outer labia and I gently pulled then apart, exposing the now raw, red tissue within. She responded with an arching of her back and deep intake of air. My tongue found her salty sweet juices and I began to suck this girl nectar from her, my nose rubbing her clit with each movement of my tongue. My tongue dug into her as far as I could extend it, and I loved this power trip. I moved from her hole to covering her entire pussy with my mouth. My tongue began to dance with her clit and she squeezed my head between her legs as another series of climaxes rolled over her.

Then, she stopped squeezing, she didn't move. I lifted my head from her pussy and looked at her face. She had passed out from the sheer pleasure of multiple orgasms. I moved up next to her, and began to stroke her forehead and cheeks, calling her name. 

"Kasey? You in there? You are the single sexiest young girl I have ever had the pleasure of ravaging. Your pussy tastes like honey and your breasts are heavenly to suck on. I just wish you weren't such a spoiled bitch with the other boys who just wanted to love you, make love to you, just fuck." 

My hand was on her far nipple and I was just lightly circling it and squeezing it. Her eyes opened, slowly, her head turned to me and she said in a soft childlike voice, 

"Do you really mean what you said? After the way you just fucked me so mean and then not mean? Do you really find me attractive?" 

"Kasey, if I weren't married I would not let you leave my bed. Yes, I do find you very sexy, beautiful and desirable. You possess some beautiful talents and I would love to introduce you to Liz, my wife. You and she could make beautiful love to each other. You have been with another girl, before, haven't you?" 

"Not yet" she replied "But I'd like to try." 

"I think I can arrange it. Now, let me show you how a man and a woman 'make love'."

I began to kiss her on the cheek, one side to another, to her mouth which she opened and accepted my teasing tongue. She sucked at me and became playful with her oral flirtations. Then we became serious, furiously groping at each other, gently but rapidly, like we couldn't wait for another passionate moment. I slid down to breasts, again and began to worship her buds, one side than another, sliding slowly back to her love tunnel and covering it with sucking kisses. My hands remained at her breasts and played with her nipples and my teeth gently bit on her clit. She was back to panting and heavy breathing when she broke from me and surprised me by flipping me over and slid down to my cock. 

"I haven't paid any attention to my new friend, at least not since I gave him a haircut." 

At that she began licking the purple bulb head of my cock, slowly sucking the pre-cum out of it. Little by little I watched as she took my cock into her mouth until I felt it hit the back of her throat. She looked up and over my body, gaining eye contact as she sucked my cock further into her mouth. I could see a little grin start to appear on her face as if to ask if what she was doing was acceptable. I closed my eyes, trusting this little vixen was beginning to understand the art of love making. Her sucking became more intense and when I looked up, again, I saw lines of saliva drooling from her mouth as she slid my rod into the back of her mouth. I could feel the pressure of a load building in my loins, but was determined not to blow it in her mouth. 

I sat up and lifted her head from my manhood and kissed her passionately on the lips. I repositioned her on her back and slid up between her legs, my cock entering her for the last time. I slowly pushed, rocking side to side as I entered her. I looked down at her young, now innocent looking face and began to kiss her, again, still pumping into her tender pussy. I felt my cock's head hit her cervix, again and again. 
