 Mary Lou worshiped cocks: long, short, fat, skinny, or any combination thereof. Tony's dick was being adulated tonight. He sat on a stool with his rod standing at a forty-five degree angle. It was about six and a half inches long of average thickness.

"It's beautiful," she said wrapping her hand around it while smiling up at him. "I like a hard shaft."

She continued to look him in the eye, but her hand moved slowly up and down his pole with a slight twisting motion. 

He returned her smile, and his lips twitched as her fingers and hand slipped up and down his prick. 

Her head dropped; she licked the pre cum from the tip, "Yum, nice flavor." She placed her tongue at the V at the bottom of his gland trying to change it into a U.

Tony moaned arching his back.

Her tongue ran slow circles around the head while at the same time stroked him. "Nice," she said looking up at him.

Luscious, red, thick, wet lips surrounded the head and slurped off with a smack. Over and over again she took the tip into her mouth and released it, while at the same time looking up into Toney's marveling eyes.

She pushed his cock back against his stomach, and licked from his scrotum to the top, back down to his balls, and sucked first one and then the other into her mouth. Peering up at him she saw him gritting his teeth. She lapped the underside of his cock until it was bright red. Salivating, she returned to tickling the head of his shaft.

"Stop torturing me," Tony said taking her by the head probing her mouth. 

Mary Lou pulled back and said, "Be quiet and let me have my fun."

With one hand at the base of his pole, she slipped her lips down the length of him until she reached her hand. Up and down, up and down she stimulated the top half of his length.

Tony groaned and tried to pull her deeper.

She withdrew, "If you want me to finish don't apply force" she said, looking up at him with anger.

"Okay, okay."

With lips tight, she slowly pushed herself down until he was completely encased. She stopped for a second and then stroked him rapidly.

He groaned placed his hand on her head again and fucked her throat, in and out, in and out, her lips holding him tight. His body stiffened; he thrust into her mouth and spurted his liquid with a loud groan. 

Mary Lou thrilled at the gushing jism, swallowed as much as she could, and felt the rest washing down her chin. When her mouth was clear she asked, "Was it worth the wait?"

He sat trembling on the stool, "You're the best cock sucker I've ever had."

"Are you ready for seconds," she asked smiling up at him with satisfaction.

Tony's sexual release and intoxication put him to sleep before he could answer her question. She wanted to suck him off again and then fuck him silly. Disappointed, she cleaned herself and took a taxi to her apartment. 

* * *

Mary Lout was the oldest of three girls in the Lewis family; Mary Lou differed from that of her cute, reckless, outgoing, charming personality of her middle sister, Betsy Sue, and from her spoiled, rotten brat younger sister, Bonnie May. Mary Lou was beautiful, even as a child, but shy and introverted because her mother expected perfection from her. She was often criticized for a task her mother thought had been poorly done, while her younger sisters were praised for the same quality work. 

She loved her father; a tall muscular man whose smile and voice could humble the most outrageous tantrum. Even thought she knew he loved her; he didn't give her the type of attention and affection she needed. His quality time was lavished on her two sisters. 

Her infatuation with cocks began at an early age. One evening, she was about ten, she woke to an unfamiliar noise coming from her parent's bedroom. Getting out of bed, she crept down the hallway to their door which was slightly cracked. The noise she heard was her father moaning. She saw her naked mother on her knees and her hands and head between her father's legs. Her father hands were on her mother's head and his butt was moving slightly forward and backward. Her mother's head shifted in the same direction, back and forth until she pulled away. For the first time Mary Lou saw a naked peter, her fathers. It was beautiful: long, hard, and bobbing up and down. 

"Nancy, you're the greatest," he said, taking her by the hand, turning her around, and sticking his cock into her mother. 

Soon they were both moaning and groaning and moving as a unit. Mary Lou watched fascinated at their sounds and movements, until her father's body stiffened; he threw his head back, and groaned loudly as his body trembled as though in pain.

"Sam's you're making too much noise, one of the girls could hear you," her mother said, stepping from the bed closing the door. 

Mary Lou was in awe of what she'd seen as she crawled slowly to her bedroom. She didn't sleep the rest of the night as she recalled the sight of her father's beautiful peewee; her mother's swaying boobies, and her face between her father's legs. It was a sight she would never forget, especially his gorgeous weenie. The length, shaft, and head of his thing became etched into her mind as a thing of splendor. There was something about the pecker; she couldn't define what it was or why they attracted her as they did. From that time on, she saw men as possessing the object of her affection. 

At fourteen, her thinking about the female and specially the male bodies peaked. One evening while surfing Google for information about anatomy, she accidently found herself on Fantastic Pictures. It was a page displaying big dicks. She spent an hour pouring over the photos and noticed the similarity of the shapes with a shaft and a bulbous shaped head. Some were long, others wide, and some were straight while other were slightly concaved, but all were beautiful. 

The next year, as a freshman in high school, she was introduced to the art of cock sucking and deflowered by a senior. For the next four years, she became experienced at sucking dicks and having a boy between her legs. She soon found giving a guy a blow job was more fun than the sex act itself. The taste, smell, and taste of a prick, no matter the size or shape, was more enjoyable than the same instrument plying the depths of her pussy. Beginning in high school, continuing through college and two years of employment at a computer software developer in Atlanta, Georgia she never saw a cock she didn't like. Likewise, there weren't many cocks that didn't like the delectable lips of the statuesque blonde. 

* * *

Mary Lou was surprised to see lights in her apartment when she got home. Opening the door she saw a stranger bending over the couch.

"Who are you?" she asked loudly.

Startled, he turned saying in a bass voice, "I'm Steward Woods. Sylvia and I had a date; she drank too much and fell asleep as soon as we got here. I was covering her before I left."

"It's not unusual, she's a cheap drunk," she said, surveying a tall, handsome, muscular man with dark brown hair who resembled her father.

He laughed. "I suppose you're not?" he asked, his eyes staring at her statuesque build and brown eyes.

"I'm careful about how much I drink. I like to control my behavior. Since you're here would you like a drink, or coffee, or a snack?"

"Coffee sounds good if it's not too inconvenient. I drank a little too much myself," he said. "By the way, you know my name but I don't know yours."

"I'm Mary Lou Lewis," she said, offering him her hand. His enveloped hers with a firm yet delicate grip. Unexpectedly aroused by the warmth of his hand, she did a double take of his deep brown eyes, straight nose, and strong masculine chin. "Follow me," she said, strolling into the kitchen. She, handed him a bowl of trail mix and said, "Have a seat." before she went to the counter to prepare the coffee.

He's handsome and has a great voice; I wonder where he met Sylvia.

"How long have you and Sylvia roomed together?"

"About six month," she said, carrying the coffee, with cups and condiments on a serving tray. "It was shortly after I went to work for Woodman and Wells."

He poured the coffee for both of them and added cream and sugar to his. "What do you do there? I understand Sylvia is a secretary to a department head."

"I'm a systems analyst in the Insurance Division."

"A computer geek?" he asked with a smile and a sexy look.

"I followed in my father's footsteps; he was one of the originals."

"Me too," he said, "I'm in real estate. Actually, I'm being groomed to take over the business when my father retires in a few years." He hesitated, "Are you seeing anyone?"

She smiled at his question, "No one seriously."

He sipped his coffee and asked, "Would you mind if I called you sometime?"

"You certainly work fast. What about Sylvia?" she asked.

"We just met tonight."

"In a bar, probably the Brass Rail, and for a one night stand," she said enjoying and the sudden anticipation she felt in her stomach.

He laughed. "You certainly know Sylvia and men." 

"Are you that kind of man?" She asked wondering what he would look like undressed, this man who looked like her father.

"Not usually but Sylvia kind of fell all over me and it's hard to refuse a beautiful willing lady." 

"That's the Sylvia I know. Why would you want to call me?" She asked wondering how interested he was.

He smiled again and squeezed her hand. "Because you're gorgeous, much better looking than Sylvia, and I like the way you handled a strange situation."

"Is that all?" she asked walking to him, wanting him.

He stood and widened his smile. "I try to never miss an opportunity to get the phone number of a lady who impresses me as you have."

"Why get a phone number when you can have so much more," she said putting her arms around his neck and kissing him.

He was surprised but responded with enthusiasm, engaging his tongue with hers, rubbing his hands over her backside, squeezing her ass, and pulling her into his erection.

His kisses were exciting but the bulge in his pants grinding against her pubis was more of a turn on. She took him by the hand and led him to her immaculately kept bedroom. Blue light filtered through the room when she flipped the switch. She pulled her blouse over her head, removed her bra, and pulled off her skirt and panties.

Standing naked, she waited for him to lose his pants. When they dropped, he stood up and she kneeled in front of his altar, "My God, I've been looking for you all my life," she said holding her hands in a prayer-like position before she slid the vagina-like enclosure down his massive cock. "It's the biggest dick I've ever seen." She looked up at his smiling face before licking his precum and lavishing kisses all over the head and shaft.

"You're not in a hurry are you?" He looked down on her head.

She wasn't listening. Sitting on her haunches she held his erection in her hands and looked at it from all directions. "It's a perfect cock—long, thick, pink with beautiful blue veins. I hope you have endurance and control because I'm going to worship this monster for a long time."

With her hands, she slowly explored its length taking time to touch and run a finger over each jutting vein, and finely rubbing a thumb around the dark pink head. She lavished it with kisses again losing her lipstick in the process. Salivating, she slurped the gland over and over, twirled her tongue around and around in both directions, and worked her tongue up and down the head's V-notch.

He moaned, laid his hand on her head and said, "Keep that up, so far you have a ten."

She glanced up at him, with one hand stroked his length from end to end before inhaling the top half. Back and forth she slid with tight lips. Comfortable with his size, she released her hand and with a gushing sound deep throated him. 

He groaned and arched his pelvis.

With her hands on his hips she pulled him in and pushed him out. She urged him to stroke her throat as she applied more pressure with her lips. 

Backing off she asked, "Do you like that?"

Before he could answer, she took most of his length deep into her throat over and over again. Finally, she concentrated her efforts on his head pulling him all the way out and right back in. 

He moaned and groaned and moved faster within her.

She wanted him to come, to come in her mouth. His taste, his smell, his texture and his size enthralled her; she plunged furiously up and down his organ. His breathing and his thrashing were signs of his loss of control; she increased her pressure and speed.

With a thrust, he groaned and jettisoned spurt after spurt of semen into her mouth. What she didn't swallow ran down her cheeks to her chin dropping to her breasts. She continued to drink his live giving seed until his God-like flesh fell from the depository of her mouth. 

Releasing him she sat back and looked up at him satisfied. She had found the Messiah. 

His face frozen in a grimace of pleasure said, "I'm going to repay your adulation." He picked her up as though she was a doll, placed her on the bed, spread her legs, and plunged his head between them.

"I hope I'm as good as you," he said before he sopped her pubic hair. Her opening was separated and moist from sucking his cock. She'd had several guys go down on her before but the results weren't pleasant, so her expectations weren't high. 

His licking tickled her labia lips. Not too bad she thought. He ran his tongue up and down both side of her lips, a tingling feeling spread from her core to the rest of her body. 

He pulled his head back and asked, "Are you okay?"

"I'll tell you if I'm not."

His tongue ran to the top of her slit and back again. 

Thrills raced through her body and strengthened as he continued mopping her slit. She placed her hands on his head and moved with him. His tongue touched every sensitive place, and for the first time she believed the right man was between her legs.

He stopped and slipped his tongue into her vagina. In and out, back and forth, around and around it moved.

She moaned as the tickling sensation flowed from her pussy like honey though her veins, and she writhed in pleasure under his probing. Unable to hold still she arched her back wanting him to go deeper, to give her more pleasure. 

Pushing his arms under her legs, he clutched her breasts and tweaked her nipples as though he was playing a guitar. The additional stimulations caught her by surprise, but they increased the glorious tingling vibrations coursing through her. Her breathing rate increased as if she was running a race, her heart pounded in her chest like a sledge hammer, and perspiration covered her body like morning dew. 

He came up for air, his head rising above her stomach like the ascending sun. She stared into his lust filled eyes and smiling said, "Go on!"

Her climax crashed over her when his tongue found her clit. It was instant gratification as wave after wave of quivering pleasure swept from her core to the remainder of her body. He persisted. His tongue didn't cease. He sucked her clit into his mouth. Increased pressure sent her into a cloud of delight. Her orgasm continued until she screamed for him to stop.

Tremors like the aftershocks of an earthquake pulsed one after the other through every part of her body and she knew ecstasy. Before, she returned to normal, he was above her smiling down with her juices, their juices, dripping from his chin. She couldn't talk but raised her hips urging him on.

The tip of his crown bobbed in and out of her labia, and slowly, agonizing slowly he separated her vaginal wall with his massive shaft. He stretched her beyond any dimension she's ever known and sank to unknown depths.

She groaned as he seated himself within her. If there was a heaven, he had taken her there.

His flesh against her flesh brought her to a peak of pleasure. She looked up at him in wonder and pursed her lips as if in a kiss. He dropped to her. His mouth covered hers; she tasted their mingled juices as his giant cock eased in and out. Their tongues intertwined as did their organs. He moved like a machine never missing a beat and arousing her beyond compare.

He increased his speed. She whimpered in pleasure. She threw her head back and from side to side. She withered under him and arched her back. Every time he hit bottom she grunted. She was floating in a bubble of bliss. She lost track of time. She felt the weight of his body. She tasted his tongue. She heard his body slapping against hers. She smelled their juices, but most of all she felt his length and girth plunging in and out of her highly sensitive pussy. 

His last thrust caused her to scream as his liquid gushed into her in streams, washing her tunnel, filling her cave, and sending her into paradise. She held him tight as his spasms continued for what seemed forever. 

Finally, he rolled off of her, and they lay cupping each other in sexual satisfaction. Nothing was said. Nothing had to be said. Perfection can't be improved upon, so they clutched each other with only their panting and air conditioning breaking the silence.

* * *

They didn't talk as they showered together. He dressed while she made up her face and put on a robe. They held hands at the door looking into each other eyes. Neither seemed to want to let go; he made no move to leave.

"Time stopped for me," she said.

"Me too."

"You're the best fuck I've ever had."

"Me too."

"I want to see you again."

"Me too."

She laughed.

He laughed.

She waited.

He hesitated and said, "I'll pick you up about seven."

"What should I wear?"

"As little as possible," he said smiling, "but something appropriate for an elegant restaurant; and garments easily removed."

"I'll have to go shopping."

"Don't spend too much. I don't plan on you wearing clothes long."

They kissed gently. They dropped their hands. He turned and walked down the hall. She watched until he got to the corner. He looked back and she waved and blew him a kiss. He was gone.

She felt loved. She couldn't believe it. There were many men in her past but none had this effect on her. She felt warm all over. She felt calm and relaxed. She was in love. She squeezed herself because it felt so good.

Sylvia was still asleep as Mary Lou passed her drunk on the couch. In bed she went over every detail: her first sight of him, their first touch, their first kiss, the first sight of his cock, the first taste, his first climax, her first cunnilingus orgasm, and their first, totally satisfying, but she hoped not their last coupling.

Stewart knocked on the door promptly at seven wearing a charcoal black suit with a grey shirt and a pink tie. "You're more beautiful than I remember," he said handing her a single rose in a vase.

She wore a form fitting black one piece dress revealing her long, shapely legs and rounded ass. Her ample breasts strained at the cotton material displaying not only her size and shape but also her cleavage.

They kissed sweetly; he led her to his yellow Lexus convertible

"Are you as excited as I am?" he asked as he got into the car.

"Probably more so, since I don't know where we're going."

"I meant about last night," he said.

"Oh my God, that's all I thought about all day--your big beautiful dick, your tongue in my pussy, and your cock sending me to the stars."

"Good because I felt the same way. I can't wait till we get to my apartment."

"Why are we going to a restaurant then? I'd rather eat you than real food," she said placing her hand on his mammoth cock. 

He placed a hand on hers and said, "I'm ready for that kind of food too, but many of my friends frequent the Petite Auberge and I want to make them jealous. He kissed her.

They drove to the restaurant with her hand bringing him to an erection.

A valet took the car. Stewart rearranged himself before they strolled into the restaurant.
