 You and I see each other from across a crowded room. I give you a smile and a wink and slowly lick the rim of my wine glass. You know that this display is only for you as my eyes are locked on yours while the tip of my tongue slowly rims the glass. I'm thinking about doing the same thing to your cock. I turn back to my friends conversation, but it's boring now that I've seen you, and all I can focus on is how wet my pussy has gotten in that 10 second eye contact with you. 

I glance back over and catch your eye and give you the signal to follow me.  You follow me out of the room towards the ladies room. I smile at you but do not say anything. I look inside and nobody is there. I grab your hand and we head into the largest stall and close the door. I'm getting wetter with the thrill that at any moment someone could come in and catch us. While I'm lost in my own mental fantasy, you come up behind me and bring your hands up under my shirt. You caress my stomach, and slowly inch your hands up to my breasts, which I'm pushing out, aching for your touch. I'm not wearing a bra and my nipples are hard with anticipation. You begin to caress my breasts and expertly play with my nipples sending waves of pleasure to my pussy below. I push my ass into your crotch and can feel you, hard with excitement, and I am pleased that your cock is large and ready. You move your hands from my breasts and lift up my skirt, you right hand slides around to the front and you can feel how wet my pussy is through my lace thong. Your hands slide around to the back and you lightly rub your fingers between my ass, pausing to circle that most sensitive of spots as I push my ass farther back on your cock.

Finally I turn around. I need your cock, but first I want to taste it, so I kneel down in front of you, excited by the bulge that has grown in your pants. I rub my hands lightly on the outside of your pants, tracing the outline of your cock, feeling every bit. You unzip your pants and pull out your cock, holding it in front of me, teasing me with it. I begin taking light licks, savoring your taste and your scent, you smell like shaving cream, and your dick is smooth. Soon I have your whole dick in my mouth, and I am rubbing my pussy, thinking about your dick fucking my pussy just like its fucking my mouth. 

As if to read my mind, you stand me up and turn me around. Forcefully you bend me over, slide my panties to one side and stuff your cock in my pussy. It slides right in, my pussy has been waiting for this moment since I first locked eyes on you earlier that evening. All you can hear is the sound of fucking and heavy breathing. You reach around and start playing with my clit, little flicks at first and teasing around it. I can feel a heat building inside me and my pussy gets even wetter. Your dick sliding in and out of my pussy feels exquisite. You turn me around and lift me up onto the railing in the bathroom, I use the railing to support myself and wrap my legs around your middle. Fuck me, your cock feels so hard as its pounding my pussy, I feel that buildup inside and I bite down to keep from crying out as wave upon wave of orgasm sends me into spasms. You begin to cum as I do and the feel of your hot seed shooting through my pussy sends another wave of pleasure coursing through my body. You take my hand and rub it on my pussy where your juice is running out and lead it back to my mouth so I get the taste of your cum mixed with mine. 

You smile at me, and I smile back, and with that you turn and walk out. Not a single word was spoken during the whole encounter, but many words were spoken through the language of animals. I smile to myself and dip my fingers into my pussy again, savoring the taste of your cum, wondering, will we meet again?