 Hello, readers! Unzip your pants, because I've got a hot new story for you all. I'm not kidding; I want all you readers to read this post with your pants pulled down. Getting nude would be even better. Turn out the lights, close the door, and grab your cock or pussy. Sit back...relax...enjoy the show!

___________

I was sitting in the middle of Max's living room. I had gone to the bathroom for a minute to freshen up; when I returned to the living room of his small apartment near the campus of FSU, Barry White was pulsing from the stereo, and Max had lit some tall red tapered candles on the coffee table. A typical romantic mood setting cliché.

Poor Max was trying so hard to get in my pants. We had just met a few hours ago at a kegger. Max was an average looking guy, about 5"9, short brown hair, and kind of skinny. He had convinced me to come up to his apartment around 2:00 this morning; the party we had just left was getting loud and out of control, and we could barely hear our own voices.

He was probably thinking "Please, God, I hope I get lucky. I'm really horny and want to score tonight, but I always strike out." We had already made out a bit at the party, and I could clearly see the bulge in his jeans. He wanted me so badly...but probably thought he wouldn't get much further than second base.

Boy was he wrong!

You see, I was in a really slutty mood. I had purposely picked out the shyest, quietest guy at the party. I wanted to find someone who may not have had as much luck with women on the weekends...and totally blow his mind!

I had no intention of fucking him; in a warped way, I had morals that intercourse was only to be done while in a semi-serious relationship. But I had absolutely no qualms about oral sex on a one night stand. I didn't even want to receive oral sex; sometimes giving a guy I hardly know a hot blowjob can fuel my masturbation fantasies for a few weeks at least; the memories of getting down on my knees and totally rocking a man's world can make my pussy wet as hell!

"Barry White, huh?" I asked him.

"Yeah, I uh, dig his music!" Max stammered.

"No you don't! You just put his music on in the hopes of getting laid."

"No, I really like it!" he lied.

"C'mon, admit it. If you are completely honest, you might get rewarded!" I sat down next to Max and started to rub his lap with my right hand. His bulge grew, straining under his jeans.

Clearly embarrassed, yet wanting to please me, he confessed. "Aw, Miranda. You got me. I read in 'Maxim' that all women like Barry White. His music is supposed to get women all hot."

"Well, Max. You don't really have to try so hard to get me 'all hot.' I unsnapped his pants. My hand went for the zipper, and I quickly unzipped his pants as well.

"Miranda! Oh, wow" he responded to my moves.

Without saying a word, I got off of the sofa, sat down on the floor, and in one swift move I yanked both his pants and his briefs off. I tugged them over his feet and tossed them to the floor. Max was completely stunned, having had his pants pulled off so quickly. We had only been in his apartment for about a half an hour, and he was sitting on his sofa on his bare ass, his cock sprung into the air.

"Oh my God, I wasn't expecting that!" he yelled.

"Mmm...I guess your Barry White CD did the trick, Max!" I said huskily, trying to imitate the late musician's voice.

"Don't you want to take it slower, Miranda? I could caress you a bit first, you know, if you want."

"Max, now you're talking too much. Just close your eyes and prepare to get the hottest blowjob of your life! That is, if you've ever had any other blowjobs to compare mine too."

"I have!" he answered too quickly. I looked him in the eyes. He couldn't keep eye contact with me; I knew he was lying. I kept staring anyway. "O.K., I have never had a blowjob before; this is my first."

"Good. Just so you know, it won't always be as good as this one when you get future blowjobs from other women, Max. They will have a very high standard to live up too; I'm the queen of cocksucking around these parts."

"Oh. That is good to know!"

"Max, prepare to be drained. You're not going to be able to stand up after I suck your dick, your knees will be so weak!"

My hands kneaded his thighs; my fingers were inches from his balls. He let out a gasp when my nails brushed up against his balls. I grabbed a pillow from the sofa to put under my knees so I could be comfortable. Once I was in a good position, I reached up into his lap and started to jack him off.

"Oh God!" he said.

"No, I'm not God, I'm Miranda" I corrected him.

"Miranda! You're touch feels so good."

"You like my hands on your cock? Wait until my mouth is on it! Sucking your shaft, licking the head of your cock, giving you head. You're in for a treat!"

"Oh Miranda. Fuck."

I decided that the time for conversation had ended, and I brushed my long red hair against his bare thighs. Men go crazy when I do this; I caressed his thighs with my hair for a few minutes, making sure to get my long silky hair all over his balls and erection as well. I paused for just a second to remove my t-shirt and black lacy bra; guys like to have some skin to look at, and I knew Max would love to see my bare tits.

"Touch my boobs, Max" I demanded. His eyes had been closed, so he hadn't even realized I was topless. His eyes bulged when he got a look at my naked tits; he quickly felt me up. I let him admire my rack for awhile, savoring the attention and the sensation of his hands squeezing my breasts. He got my nipples all hard, tweaking them just right. I made sure to rub my tits all over his lap for a few minutes; I've learned that guys like this move right before I go down on them.

I returned to my kneeling position on the floor, and I roughly spread his legs far apart. The wider the guy's legs are spread, the easier it is for me to access the cock and balls. I spent some time kissing his thighs, getting closer and closer to his balls as I did this. I made sure he could hear the kissing noises, loudly smacking my lips to affect his sense of hearing with erotic sounds.

He let out a loud moan when I put one of his balls into my mouth. I swished it around inside my mouth, then I switched to the other one; I was also stroking his thighs with my hands. He started breathing hard when I managed to put both his balls into my mouth at once. I tenderly licked his balls while warming them up with my hot mouth. I used my tongue to move them all around; my lips were completely enveloping his entire sack, up to the root of his cock. My hands began to stroke his cock.

"Oh, Miranda!" He didn't seem capable of saying much else. I liked that; turning a guy on so much he couldn't really say much besides "Oh Miranda!" I loved hearing my own name shouted out in pleasure.

I removed his balls from my mouth and licked his shaft with the tip of my tongue. I drenched his lap with my saliva. Starting at the root, I worked my way up to the sensitive underside of his cock, right under the head. I gave that area some licks, and then teased him a bit with some long slow licks up and down the shaft. When I knew he really needed some more direct stimulation, I finally put my lips around the whole head of his cock and started to gently suck him off. Fondling his balls with my hand, I slowly lowered my mouth over his entire organ, getting it deep inside my mouth.

I slowly bobbed my head up and down on his lap, getting my hands under him and squeezing his butt. I could hear his breathing getting heavier; I knew he was deeply enjoying his first blowjob. I stopped for just a second so I could answer a question that might have been in his mind.

"Max, when you feel close to orgasm, don't worry. I swallow! Just let your load out in my throat."

I told him this information for two reasons. First, many guys are not sure if a girl will "spit or swallow," so it is good to mention this in advance. I don't know why some girls are squeamish about swallowing; it is perfectly natural, and the guys fucking love it. I feel so empowered, making a man blow his load inside my throat because I got him off. The only time I don't swallow is when I want a man to give me a facial; some guys have seen this in porn movies, so I let them come all over my face and hair for a special treat every once in awhile. But this was Max's first time, I wanted him to savor the experience of being sucked off and having his cum swallowed.

He began to buck his hips up and down; I stroked the root of his cock with my hands and swallowed his shaft again. Swirling my tongue wildly around the underside of the head of his cock, I drove him mad with desire. He was sweating; I could feel it on his thighs, brushing against my face. He kept groaning and moaning with pleasure as I became more firm with my sucking. I drooled and slobbered all over his lap, trying to make the blowjob as wet and messy as possible.

"Oh, Max. I'm going to masturbate when I get back to my dorm room tonight; thinking about this. I love being a cocksucking slut!" I hated to remove his cock from my mouth for even a second, but I knew he would like to hear that bit of information!

"Oh, Miranda, Oh, feels good..." he moaned.

I returned to his cock, sucking like a slut in heat. I made sexual sounds to excite him; years of watching porn had taught me that men love hearing erotic moans from women, even if they are just for effect, not because her pussy is actually getting stimulated.

"Mmm...Oh...Mmppphh...UM!" I moaned. It was hard to really say anything verbal with my mouth filled up. I swished his cock inside my cheeks, getting it as deep into my throat as possible while breathing through my nose. I was buried into his lap; his cock completely inside my mouth, his thighs pressed up against my cheeks, my nose in his lap. My eyelashes brushed up against his pubic hair.

Max's groans are getting louder and his breathing more desperate. I firmly grabbed his dick with strong suction from my mouth as I fondled his heavy balls. His balls began to draw closer to his thighs, a sign that his orgasm was imminent. I intended to milk him dry; I sucked and licked him lovingly, while stroking his balls. I looked up; his eyes were tightly shut, and his hands were by his side on the sofa. I reached his hands and placed them on my tits, letting him have something soft and pleasant to hold onto while he came.

"Oh...Miranda...I'm gonna come soon, I can tell. I can't hold it much longer..."

I didn't answer him verbally; I just sucked him faster and made moaning noises as I prepared to finish him off. My pace and intensity grew with each trip up and down his organ; I made loud slurping and sucking sounds with my mouth. His cock was rock hard and throbbing; I could feel it shaking. I visualized the hot white come loaded up in his balls getting ready to squirt hard.

"OH! Fuck! OHHHHH!" the contractions began, and his erection flexed. I focused the muscles of my mouth and tongue intently on the head of his dick while tightening my grip around his balls. I felt the pre-cum that I had been tasting all throughout the blowjob start to drip out even more. Then the explosion came.

I have given many blowjobs and swallowed many loads of cum, but this was a very intense rush. Maybe it was because this was his first blowjob, or maybe it was because he had a lot of cum built up, but the intensity and amount of come was difficult to handle. I bobbed my head up and down and forced myself to quickly swallow it up, not wanting to lose a drop. He grabbed my boobs tightly; normally I don't like having them held so tightly, but I didn't mind, I knew his orgasm was really intense and he needed something to grip onto.

Spurt after spurt of hot cum shot down my throat. I was able to gulp most of it down quickly, but some of it filled my cheeks. His own cum mixed with my saliva as I licked the tip of his shaft, valiantly swallowing it all down. I struggled to breath through my nose, which was buried in his pubic hair, as I finished him off, milking even more cum out of his balls with my hands. Just when I thought it was over, his cock quivered with some involuntary aftershocks, and yet more creamy juice trickled down my throat. I kept his rock hard erection in my mouth after the main part of the orgasm ended; there was drop after drop of cum still dripping out of the head of his dick even though the huge spurting phase had ended.

He completely collapsed, spent and drained. I lovingly stroked his thighs; his cock was still in my mouth, but I had stopped stimulating him as I knew his cock would be very sensitive. I slowly let him withdraw, and gave the head of his cock a soft little kiss, licking off the last remaining drops of fluid.

Eventually, I sat back up on the sofa with him. I let him doze off in my lap. He had a wood desk next to the sofa, and I noticed a piece of paper and pencil on the desk. I didn't want to wake him; he had gone to heaven and I wanted him to enjoy blissful rest after his rush. I scribbled down a short note:

"Max: I had a great time introducing you to the pleasures of oral sex. I enjoyed being a cocksucker; I hope the experience was everything you expected and more. Sorry I had to go. Just so you know, I'm literally running back to my dorm room right now. You got my cunt so horny; being a cocksucking slut will do that to me. As soon as I get back home, I'm tearing off my jeans and panties and touching my clit till I explode. And I'm going to fantasize about sucking your big hard cock.

Miranda."