 I stood silently next to my mother-in-law, listening to her tell an employee how I wasn't her first choice for daughter-in-law but that she'd had grown accustom to my presence. I smiled politely, enduring this disrespect for the man I loved. I promised him that I wouldn't argue with his mother during her stupid little party. 

She threw cocktail parties for her employees every six months as a thank you for their hard work at her ad agency. Each time, she invited my husband and me so that she could show him off and remind them how much she despised me.

My husband must have sensed my pain as he suddenly walked up behind us, wrapping one arm around his mother and the other around me. "How are my two favorite Mrs. Saunders'?" he cheerfully asked. 

I opened my mouth to respond smartly but he silenced me with a pinch on the ass. He smiled and I couldn't help but return it. He knew me too well. 

His mother smiled happily and said, "Oh, we are doing just wonderful, Calvin! Samantha and I are getting along beautifully. Why I was just telling April that, wasn't I?"

She looked to April for confirmation who nodded her head uncomfortably. She was a newer employee and not used to this psychotic woman's antics. 

"Good," Calvin said. He kissed his mother on the cheek and smiled at her again. He turned to me and moved in like he was going to kiss my cheek also. Instead, he bent his head and sank his teeth into the side of my neck. My knees went weak and I could barely stop myself from moaning out loud. He flashed me a mischievous grin, gave my ass a squeeze before walking away. 

I glanced at his mother to see if she noticed her son's actions and the resulting flush on my face. She seemed oblivious as she continued talking as if Calvin had never been there. April, on the other hand, looked at me with a slightly raised eyebrow and look of amusement. I smiled at her and took a sip of wine to cool myself off. 

"Samantha, dear, would you mind checking with the chef and seeing how much longer until more crab puffs are ready?" Mrs. Saunders asked me.

"I'm sure the servers will bring them around once they're ready."

"Yes, but you now how I adore those little puffs and I'd hate for everyone else to get to them before I do. Why don't you just bring me a few if they are ready?" She smiled sweetly and I knew she was enjoying sending me off to the kitchen as if I were part of the staff as opposed to her guest. 

I forced a smile before turning on my heels and heading towards the kitchen. Calvin caught my hand as I stalked past him.

"Where are you going?"

"Your mother asked me to get her some crab puffs," I grumbled.

"Isn't that what the servers are for?" he frowned.

"You would think but apparently asking me to do it was a much wiser choice."

He shook he head and said he would walk with me. Before we reached the kitchen, he pulled me down a long hallway that led to the rest of the house.

"What are you doing?" I asked. 

"About to put the smile back on my wife's face. You know I don't like seeing you pout."

"Then why do you keep forcing me to come to these stupid little parties?" I whined.

He laughed and said, "If I have to come to them, so do you."

Calvin leaned against the wall and pulled me up against him. I happily pressed my body against his as he wrapped his arms around me. His lips captured mine in a slow, sweet kiss. I tilted my head, deepening the kiss by slipping my tongue between his lips. He sighed as he widened his stance and pulled me closer. I could feel him growing and hardening between us. Calvin's hands slipped down to my ass. I rose onto my toes and began grinding my pelvis into his. He broke the kiss as his lips trailed a path to my neck. His teeth found the sensitive spot on my neck and treated it to the same pleasure as before. I let out a little moan this time. 

"Um, excuse me." 

Calvin and I jumped at hearing the voice beside us. We pulled apart and saw one of the staff trying to get past us with an arm full of coats. We apologized and walked a bit further down the hall so that she could pass. 

"Let's go somewhere we won't be interrupted," Calvin suggested. 

"We need to get back to the party before your mother comes looking for us."

"We'll go back in ten minutes."

Before I could protest further, he was opening the first door we came to and whisking me inside. He flipped on the lights and I saw we were in his mother's home office. Suddenly heading back to the party didn't seem like such a pressing matter.

"This is perfect," I said with a devious smile.

He shook his head and laughed at me. I took his hand and led him behind her desk. I pulled off my underwear, lifted my dress and sat in her leather chair. I draped one leg over the arm of the chair. After licking my finger, I began to play with my clit, knowing it would turn Calvin on. He licked his lips.

"Come get it, baby," I said.

He dropped to his knees and pushed my hand to the side, letting his tongue take over. Calvin firmly pressed his tongue against me, giving me slow licks. It wasn't long before I was breathing deeply and lifting my hips to meet his tongue. He wrapped his lips around my clit, sucking me hard and fast. I moaned as I felt my walls contract. 

Pushing Calvin back a little bit, I motioned for him to stand. I unbuckled his belt and pushed his pants down around his ankles. His full erect member stood straight out once freed. I massaged the head for a moment before standing in front of him, bent over his mother's desk. He pushed deep inside of me. I pushed my hips back, making sure I had all of him. Calvin began to slowly stroke me, holding onto my hips.

Soon, the intoxicating aroma of our love filled the air, arousing the both of us further. We went from slow, sweet strokes to rough, animalistic thrusts. For every thrust he gave, I threw my ass back forcing him to go harder. 

Calvin reached under me and began rubbing my clit with his thumb. My hips began bucking wildly and we both moaned loudly. Before I knew it, waves of orgasm were flooding my body as my clit exploded beneath his thumb and I contracted tightly around his thick shaft. Calvin came right behind me, propelling himself into me faster. I could tell he tried to stop himself from moaning too loud but he did a terrible job. When he finally stopped thrusting, we collapsed onto the desk, trying to catch our breaths. 

He stood up and pulled out of me. "We better get back to the party."

I nodded in agreement as he pulled up his pants. I looked around for tissue, finding some on the desk. I cleaned myself up and tossed the tissue in the trash can. Calvin stopped me before we exited the hallway and asked if I was feeling better. I flashed him a big smile and kissed him. He had no idea. 

I made a pit stop in the kitchen to get the crab puffs before heading back to the party to locate my mother-in-law. I proudly presented her with the puffs. I couldn't help but smile as I wondered if she would notice the scent of lust her son and I left behind.