 She startled me. I had been intent on the pictures I had taken of her in her little black dress that she had posed for before she left to "visit the facilities" as she called it. I was still transfixed, staring at the pixels on the screen when I realized she had returned.

She stood before me. Shyly. Hesitantly. Nakedly.

I blinked.

Her breasts were enormous mounds of ecstasy, the areolas brown and wrinkly, and the nipples were hardening the longer I stared.

"Well, what do you think?" she asked with just a hint of trepidation.

I didn't answer. I was speechless. My gaze traversed the curve of her neck and I saw her swallow. Nervously. My gaze traveled down, past those marvelous twin peaks, lingering now at her navel, which was almost hidden in the slight swell of the cushion that life and maturity had bestowed upon her. Down again. Past the creamy thighs, sliding past the knees, my gaze caressed her calves as she stood semi-profile in the silver and black heels I had given her. Her sex remained hidden from view as she waited. Her wiggling, red-painted toes stood out in startling contrast to her milky white skin. I blinked and shifted my eyes upwards to the quizzical, yearning expression on her face.

"Well, what do..." she started again.

"Shhhhh," I hissed and she stopped.

I stood and took off my shirt while staring into her eyes. I kicked my loafers off. I unbuckled my belt, unbuttoned my pants, pulled down my zipper, and then gripped the waistband of my trousers and my briefs and pulled them both down in one easy motion.

My hard cock jumped free and slapped me in the stomach.

"I hope that's the only answer you need," I said as I stepped out of my clothes and threw them onto the chair. As I walked towards the bedroom, I turned and looked back at her over my shoulder. "But if you need more than the sight of my hard cock and my word for it, follow me."

She didn't just follow me; she ran to catch up to me and jumped me just as I passed over the threshold, wrapping her arms around my neck and her legs around my waist. As I may have alluded to earlier, she was not a small, undernourished woman, and her weight staggered me a bit. It was all I could do to aim our combined weights towards the king-sized bed in the middle of the room.

I hit the mattress dead on, which my cock did not enjoy much, but which my naked temptress seemed to. As she slid up my back and tumbled onto the bed, she giggled. She giggled! As I was trying to catch my breath and figure out if my cock was broken or just sprained, she spun around and settled onto her ass in front of me. Then she grabbed my upper arms and pulled her shaved pussy into my face. A few seconds later, she giggled again as she let go of my arms and grabbed the back of my head and pulled me even deeper into her center.

She smelled like cinnamon and vanilla and woman, and she tasted even sweeter. And as she pulled my face into her, I closed my eyes, opened my mouth, stuck out my tongue, and got busy. 

I sighed inwardly, because this was where I had fantasized being after all of our dates.

We met in a restaurant on our first date, and somehow wound up in a corner table away from every other patron. 

That was the night when I first caressed her nyloned thigh.

That was the night we first kissed.

And after dinner, that was the night where we necked in the front seat of her car in the parking garage because that one earlier kiss was just not enough to satisfy me. That was the night I brought her to her first orgasm with me with my fingers. And that was the night that I masturbated myself to sleep in my hotel room, sniffing and then licking my fingers clean and wishing that there had been room and time to do more.

Well, there was lots of room and we had plenty of time, and I was not going to let this chance pass me by. Neither was my lover. It did not matter that she was in control. I actually liked that. I liked that she wanted me, that she wanted my lips, my tongue, and my mouth. This was what she wanted, and this was what I needed. I needed to make her orgasm again. And again.

Her first orgasm came fast. As I licked from top to bottom, stopping every so often to extend my tongue and clean up the sweet nectar that had gathered in her, I could sense a quickening of her breath. Then a low, keening wail escaped from her lips as my face was flooded by her juices.

"More," I barely heard her say as I cleaned her as best as I could.

It was her second orgasm that was intense and earth shattering and nearly killed me.

Her legs were draped over my shoulders, and she had crossed them to keep me pressed tightly to her pussy. Since her legs already had me trapped, her hands had moved to my ears, which she used as handles to bring me closer whenever she felt the need. From there her hands shifted to the back of my head, where she had better control of me.

My technique changed and I concentrated on getting my tongue as deeply into her as possible, then licking her clit in one long stroke. She was panting and moaning with each breath now, and as her grip on my head tightened, I sealed my lips around her clit, sucked all the air out of my mouth, and began flicking her clit with the tip of my tongue. I did that lightly at first, but as her body began trembling and her moans became louder, I intensified my efforts so that I was sucking and licking harder. I was so into serving her that I forgot to breathe, so when she pulled me even harder into her fragrant pussy as she slid down into the ecstasy of her second orgasm, I nearly blacked out. But I never stopped licking. And kissing. And sucking. And loving every second.

As she came down from her high, her hands stopped pulling me into her and began rubbing my head. Staying away from her clit, I licked her gently. After a couple of minutes, she unwound her legs from around my head and released me.

I felt a sense of loss.

Then she raised herself up on one elbow, looked down at my wet and shiny face, and asked, "Well, what do you think?"