 I am now living in retirement in Hollywood. Los Angeles and America have been good to me. Who would have imagined that a small town girl like me from near Milan who could hardly speak English in the early sixties would be the sexy star of Hollywood in the seventies and now live in near oblivion in Hollywood. It has not been easy and from doing a role of extra to reach stardom has made me make several compromises – many to my advantages. You can say I have slept my way to success. I am not complaining I have always had a craving for cock and big cock and many cocks together!!! Lets start at the beginning.

By the time I was eighteen I was already a raving beauty. I had jet-black hair and big breasts and was already being approached with modeling offers. Then an Italian director known for making soft porn movies auditioned me. He was Tinto Brass who later made Caligula. Like all young Italians I too dreamt of being a big star like Silvana Mangano. She had starred in Bitter rice and Sophia Loren had also made a name for herself. Tinto saw me and told me he had a part for me. I think he liked me more for my hairiness. In almost all his movies the heroines were hairy and I had never shaved my armpits. I was young and carefree and he was definitely excited seeing my pits. I remember him telling an assistant “sign her on for the part where the hero stares at the woman’s underarms and gets turned on she has incredibly hairy armpits.”

The role was small and paid well and the hero did stare at my hairy armpits. My idol Silvana also had extremely hairy armpits, which she revealed in all her Italian films. I was a small actress in Milan when I heard that an American scout had come to sign some talent for a movie to be shot in Rome later that year. They were looking for more than 50 artistes and it was to be a historical regarding Caesars era. I too went for an audition in their hotel suite and was met by two young men. The scout was a black and the other was Alberto whom I had modeled for. Alberto introduced the scout as Thomas and I looked at him very seductively. He just smiled. 


I knew I had to do it right. I led them to one of the bedrooms, and we went inside, I told them to drop their pants, which they both did. Alberto had his pants down first, when hard; he was about 9 inches, pretty thick, with a big head. I stated licking his head, then his shaft, he got hard real fast, I then deep throated the whole thing, it wasn't easy, but I got it all the way down, I gagged a little, but I bet he hasn't had a woman swallow his cock before. 

I could see out of the corner of my eyes, Thomas stroking his cock, waiting his turn, and it looked like his cock was huge. I pulled my mouth off of Alberto's cock, and was face to cock with the biggest dick I have ever seen, it was at least 11 inches long, and very thick too. I started licking his monster head, it took time just to work his head in my mouth, while doing this, Alberto went behind me, and started working his cock into my wet pussy. Even though he was smaller than Thomas, it still was the biggest cock I have ever had inside me. He got in about halfway, and started to move in and out, I finally worked about half of Thomas’s cock into my mouth, his was the first cock that I couldn't deep throat, I wasn't even close. 

“Wow Alberto this woman has very bushy armpits it looks real sexy and she’s full of hair down there too,” Thomas said to his friend. He replied, “All Italian women are hairy but she looks more hairy than others. She has a dense forest in her underarms”.

Alberto now had his whole cock inside of me, and started picking up the pace as I started sucking hard on Thomas, my hand stroking the lower part of his shaft, my head bobbing up and down on his cock. Alberto started really fucking me hard and I loved it, Thomas then grabbed my head, and started fucking my face hard, he grabbed the bushy hair with his other hand and started pulling the long hair growth in my furry armpits. Alberto who I had fucked before started grunting, then moaning, I could tell he was cumming, seconds later Thomas started shooting a huge load down my throat, I didn't think he would ever stop, but I swallowed the whole thing. 

Thomas was telling me that I had a small part as a charioter’s wife but I would have to shave my bushy underarms for the part since American and worldwide audiences would not be used to real hairy armpits. I was ready to shave not only my hairy armpits but also my hairy pussy as well for a part in a Hollywood movie. All I wanted was an introduction to the studio bosses. I told him I was ready to come to Los Angeles and he said he would try and take me there.

I then had the guys lay on the bed with me between them and attacked them with gusto, alternately licking their soft, but still big dicks, they both started to get hard rather quickly. Thomas licked at the soft hair in my bushy underarms tugging each individual strand lovingly. I straddled him and slowly worked the head of his cock into my hairy pussy, then I slid down on about half his huge cock, I had never been stretched out like this before, I was stroking Alberto's cock with my hand at this time, he was real hard now too, I then took it in my mouth to get it real wet. I finally had all of Thomas in my pussy, it hurt a little, but each time I slammed myself down on him, it felt better and better, Alberto’s cock was now really wet with my saliva, I told him to get behind me, and fuck my ass hard, it didn't take long before I felt his big head at my back door, when he slid his head in, I can't describe how much it hurt, but I relaxed my ass, concentrating on keeping it open, and he slowly slid the whole thing inside and he bent down and kissed my hairy pits. 

I can't describe the feeling of having twenty inches of cock inside me, the pain wore off fast, and I was in heaven, they both started fucking real hard, Alberto pulling my long armpit hair.


The were both slamming into me as I screamed to an orgasm. To be honest I had not had two cocks fucking me at a time and though it was novel it excited me. Thomas’s 11 incher was pounding into me and was easily the largest phallus I had ever had till then. Alberto though smaller I was used to and the hairy Italian was sweating as hair pored from his hairy manly chest onto my back. Within seconds they were pouring their jism all over my body.


I took Thomas’s limp dick into my mouth and sucked him clean. I told him he needed to get me a break in Hollywood. I would shave my body hair and do anything to get to the top. He then told me not to shave my armpit hair till the movie started but he would get me an interview with a movie mogul in Los Angeles. He said he had heard that one of the studio bosses loved being sucked off by new artistes and he had a fetish for hairy woman. I might just be right for him. “Don’t you agree with me Alberto, Brett will love the heavy pelt of jet-black hair in her bushy armpits”.

Alberto nodded his head in agreement and I was all excited as Thomas said that he was leaving next week for Los Angeles and that I must be ready to travel with him. We fucked all week and then the day came to leave for LA.  The cocky Hairtiste was to begin her challenge to conquer new frontiers.