 We arrived weary at Los Angeles and were soon told that Brett was in New York for a Broadway show to look at some new talent. I don’t know what Thomas told him but he had us fly there the very same day. There was a Limo at the airport and we were driven to his suite at the New York Hilton. I was waiting in another room when I saw Brett the colossus in another room. There were a couple of other men too and I saw one of Hollywood’s up and coming stars and a Oscar nominee between his legs in front of his pants and she began groping at his belt and zipper. 

As she worked on Brett’s pants I saw a tall man's hands on her ass, tugging at her shorts, his big hands probing between her legs. Brett quickly removed her top and his hot lips on her bushy armpits. I was shocked to see the bunches of dark hair grow in her dense armpits as I had seen in her last movie that she had clean-shaven underarms. As her hands worked his belt, her mouth was drawn to his chest and she began licking and kissing his hairy chest. 

Soon she was naked and holding on to a hard cock that was at least 10 inches long, as she wrapped her lips around the monster in her hands. "Oh, yeh, baby, suck me, suck me, your mouth feels so good," and he grabbed her blonde head and began thrusting his huge cock into her mouth. 

Brett was moaning and soon her mouth was being filled with his hot cum. She struggled to swallow it all down, but there was too much and some of it oozed out the side of her mouth, and down her chin. "Oh, my god, you're still hard", she exclaimed as she grabbed his cock and guided it into her cum soaked pussy. Even though she was so wet Brett’s massive cock was a tight fit. Moving her ass up and down, she began convulsing as she started to cum again. This time her orgasm was so intense that she actually squirted her cum out all over Brett's cock, and that sensation drove him to cum again, his strong arms, pulling her tightly to him. He then lowered his lips and licked at the long matted hair in her unshaven pits. Here was one of my favorite heroines having her armpit hair being eaten out by one of America’s legends.

Then the other tall man removed his pants. His dick hung 10 inches low when limp and his testicles seemed as big a tennis balls. When fully erect, he stretched out just over a foot long and was thick like a steel pipe.  When she looked around at him his dick had risen to its full foot long size his balls were beginning to pulsate.  Her eyes opened wide. It was a gigantic monster dick and she walked over to him. She steadied her hands and knees and best she could. My mouth began to water as much as my pussy. I saw her lick all around the head coating it with her saliva. She then licked up and down the bottom of his shaft. When she got to his huge balls she sucked on the side of each one and licked them with her tongue. 

She then went back to the top and swallowed about four inches of the tall man's dick into her mouth. She found that was the most she could get in without gagging on its enormous size. She then wrapped her hands around the shaft and started stroking it back and forth as she bobbed her head up and down on what little of the cock she could cram in her mouth. His moans and grunts, though still muffled, became more pronounced. She had steadily increased the speed of her dick sucking and seemed to be intent on pulling his cum up out of his balls into her mouth 

She had begun rubbing her pussy while sucking on him. I didn’t see Brett anywhere and I parted my skirt and put my fingers into my hairy pussy. I parted the thicket of full jet-black hair guarding my pussy and shoved a finger into my wet pussy. His moans of pleasure had only served to arouse me even more and I needed to cum. As I brought myself to a small orgasm I saw the man’s body begin to shudder and I knew he was close. The heroine locked her lips around his dick and sucked as hard as she could. 

The man shivered and let out a hard short grunt. A blast of hot semen filled her mouth until her cheeks bulged. She eagerly swallowed the load but was disappointed when no more came. Determined to get more juice from the fountain she locked her mouth around his dick head and gently stroked his shaft with one hand. She sucked with all her might and looked up at him. 


Then he climbed onto the bed between her legs and stared down to the dense forest in her pussy. I remember seeing her in a swimming pool sequence and she was wearing quite a wide costume obviously to hide the huge mound of hair in her furry pubes. Her armpits then were shaven but now were bristling with bushy hair.  She closed her eyes as he pushed the head of his dick into her. She moaned with approval as he worked the head around inside her. He was so thick as he began to flick his tongue across her bushy underarms as he fucked her.


It was such an erotic sight that I looked around for Brett. I was lubricated and craved for a cock. Thomas had made me wear a white sleeveless dress to exaggerate the bushy hair in my unshaven pits. Yes I was extremely hirsute but he told me that Brett was crazy after hairy woman. He said that one of Hollywood’s most well known stars was made to stay unshaven for more than a year as he had signed a contract for 2 million dollars which was a huge sum in those days and he did not start the movie till he had her fill of her. He made her stay hairy and the sex bomb of Hollywood was privately filmed by Brett in which she revealed her unshaven pits.  Thomas said that he had heard that her armpits were so hairy that she had to call a barber to shave it off for her next film. 

I was turned on by the story and if Brett did not come quickly and see my outstretched underarms I would die of horniness. I asked Thomas to let me suck his massive black dong but he said that if Brett saw me sucking his cock he would not touch me and once “Brett Schultz” had rejected me no one in Hollywood would touch me with a barge pole. I of course desperately needed a pole any pole as I moaned with ecstasy one of my fingers pushed deep into my shuddering pussy and my other arm raised aloft against the backrest exposing the unshorn hair in my unshaven underarms waiting to catch the eye of Brett.


The door to the suite had closed and I could no longer look at the action. My favorite heroine was last seen moaning as she ravaged the large penis of the tall man. Suddenly the door open and in strode the tall handsome Brett. A cigarette in his hand he had not even noticed me. He looked at Thomas and said, “What are you doing here”. Thomas replied “ I told you about that rare talent I saw in Milan, Carla Schilachi well I have brought here to you to screen test.”


I had taken my fingers out of my quivering hairy pussy and had straightened my skirt on top of my legs. Seductively I had posed with my arms locked behind my head and even I seemed a little shy with all that masses of hair spilling out of the dense forests in my underarms. I held on – we Italians were used to people staring at our hairy armpits and in any case I was on a mission. Brett looked at my unshaven pits and then me. His eyebrows were raised as he locked his eyes with the long bushy locks in my hairy armpits.

He then asked Thomas to leave the room and he said he would interview me. Round one to me the “COCKY HAIRTISTE”.