 I had been the toast of Hollywood's seamier movies for two decades and had been leading a secluded lifestyle though I was now in my late forties. As a young teenager I had been part of the Italian group lead by Sophia Loren and Gina who had wound up in Hollywood and whilst the others had made it big I was the Queen of the B grade soft porn movies. In fact some of my biggest hits made more money than those made by my illustrious peers yet I lagged behind.

Not that I was not a sultry sex bomb. In my heyday I had my share my fans and lovers. Men loved me for my long hair and beautiful eyes not to speak of my big breasts. However there was one other sphere that I was unique, I was the first Hollywood star who did not shave her armpits. There was not a single movie of mine where my bushy pits were not exposed. My fan mail almost always contained reference to my unshaven pits and many of the roles had me lifting my arms and displaying my thick dark armpit hair.

My most memorable roles were in the series Tarzan the Ape-man where I starred in the lead role as Jane. Even now when I see the movie at my home theatre I am amazed at my brazenness. Not only do I wear a bikini right through the movie except when I am naked either engaged in a bout of lovemaking under the stars with Tarzan and also when I am having a bath under the waterfall in the jungle. In most of the scenes my extremely hairy armpits are visible and the scenes where Tarzan plays with my armpit hair is really sensual. What amazes me now as to how thick my pubic muff was in my younger days and the way it stuck out of the tops and sides of my bikini. Mind you, in those days, they hid a lot more than they do now yet it seemed as if my pubic hair just grew all over my crotch. Tarzan was played by the famous athlete Malcolm whose hirsuteness was also legendary as was the size of his prick. 

The highlight of the movie was the scene after Tarzan first touches me. Having not seen a woman before Tarzan starts feeling my breasts and then his fingers linger lovingly in the thick hair in my furry armpits. Malcolm in real life was also fucking me and after that scene I remember vividly that we retired into his room. 

Those magic moments I still relive everyday as He went on to become not only an Olympic legend but a successful politician who yearned from hairy pits. I remember while we finished our shot he would return to my room and then strip completely and sit on the bed. That time his hard cock was in his hand and he was slapping it against his belly. As I looked at him my mind swirled as I thought My God! It's huge! 

Even now when I think I could not have imagined a penis this massive. Rising from a nest of black curls like a flesh skyscraper, Malcolm's cock was a big wedge of uncircumcised meat with a dark head, thick and long. It was huge. I remember my eyes widened and I, bounced onto the bed, took the hard tower of flesh in my hands. I was dying to suck that throbbing pole and my bushy pussy was leaking. Quickly, I gave it a few short strokes, then without any hesitation, wrapped my lips around its swollen head. Malcolm gasped as he felt me going down on him, feeling my lips pursing around his cock and sliding down the shaft. I brought my lips all the way back to the tip of his cock, teasing the opening with my tongue. A drop of pre-cum dissolved on my tongue as I savored the sweet taste of this stud's cum, and then returned to sucking his cock, going down on him faster with each stroke. My mouth engulfed him completely, which was no mean feat given his size. Nevertheless, I continued to stroke and suck his cock until it was rock hard.

With his thick tool-dripping wet with my saliva, I deftly released it from my mouth and pushed my hands up his massive chest my hands resting on the thick fur on his chest. His hirsute body was intimidating and he really looked like an ape-man. No one seemed more suited for the role of Tarzan. I pushed my head into Malcolm's groin area and proceeded to suck on his hairy, large-sized testicles. He immediately moaned and his legs started to shake even though he now had both hands on my head as if to steady himself. I worked his balls until both were sloppy wet. As I laved them I removed my hands from his hairy chest placed both hands on his ass cheeks and drew him toward me. Suddenly I released his balls as he looked down at my body as his cock strutted out in front of him at least 10 inches long rock hard. 

He placed his fingers in the coarse jungle of my unshaven armpits.

"Darling" he said, "How I have longed to lick the black tufts of hair in your bushy armpits. 

My memory is still fresh with his craving for my hirsute body and his cute statement that he had been a fan of mine since he was a 19 year old and that he had have masturbated seeing the jungle in my armpits in Lion in the winter". 

I remember as he said that he bent down and licked my bushy underarms. He positioned himself between my legs. His throbbing member loomed large and I was dying to feel his massive cock penetrating deep inside my hairy pussy. His body came down on top of me, and his hands coming to rest on my hairy underarms. Effortlessly, he thrust his way inside me, sliding down my very wet cunt.

His thrusts were fast and hard, making me cry out louder and louder. His muscles rippled as he thrust his cock in and out of my bushy cunt, and I grabbed onto his broad shoulders as tightly as she could. Malcolm's thrusts were powerful, pounding his stiff cock deep inside my wet and waiting pussy. My entire body shook as he rammed himself home inside me, time and time again. His hard cock was penetrating deep inside me, as I spread my legs even farther apart. 

I pushed him away and I climbed on top of him. My exertions had started making me perspire and beads of sweat were forming in my bushy armpits. The thick coarse tufty hair in my unshaven pits had bunched together and I moaned and leaned forward to kiss him and fuck against him with longer strokes. I brushed my breast against the thick hair on his chest as he again reached down to guide him deeper into my pussy. He grabbed a handful of my naked hairy ass and began to impale me on his cock. I was on top, but he was fucking me so hard moving his hips up and down where his ass was lifting up a bit. I was so relaxed and enjoying it all, rubbing my clit into his coarse pubic hair, as his cock stroked the sensitive parts of my pussy walls and the entrance to my womb. The gentle stirring effect of him is shaking my cervix building up inside me. As I raised my arms my unshaven armpits became visible. His fetish for underarm hair was clear in his eyes as he shouted.

"Gosh Jane you have more hair in your armpits than most men."

I had no idea why "Tarzan" was calling me "Jane" but my extremely hirsute body was having its effect on him. He started cuming deep inside me as I started climaxing too.

My thoughts returned to the present and my body felt weak thinking of those wonderful moments those many years ago. My wandering mind had recalled those times as Bruce the director of the Tarzan series was remaking those movies in these days of remakes and sequels and was looking for some possibly hirsute stars or starlets to play the lead roles and had called me to Venice to audition for a small part as Jane's mother though I was the original hairy Jane.