 ***Thanks asiansilk for coming up with the name of the ranch***

"Work on a RANCH???" I screamed "Are you KIDDING ME? I don't know the first thing about working on a ranch."

"It's only for a year Halle." Chris, my parole officer said calmly "I told you one more visit to the judge was going to yield you a trip and the little stunt you pulled flying out of the state like that last month was in violation of your parole."

"I NEVER left the airport for goodness sakes. I just wanted to say 'hi' to a friend." I said smiling to myself, remembering that day. That was a great lunch break. But was it worth six months on a ranch? I thought flying to Atlanta first then to see my friend would have helped me but Chris and his overprotective butt has friends in just about every industry in the world. He could find the proverbial needle in a haystack. 

"Sorry Halle, nothing I can do now. I'll be here at 9am tomorrow morning to pick you up." Chris said as he got in his car to leave. 

I cannot believe I actually have to be away from my family and friends for six months. What was I supposed to do on a ranch? I don't know how to ride a horse. I don't milk cows. I don't know what to do with a chicken except eat it. This is horrible. Wait! Chris never told me who I was going to live with or anything of importance.

Chris arrived bright and early the next morning with a thermos of coffee for him and hot chocolate for me. The trip was rather uneventful. Chris tried to brighten my mood but I just wasn't having it today. Look at the bright side he says, what bright side? I'm going to be spending my days and nights with horses and people I don't know and there is supposed to be a bright side? Goodness, maybe I'll figure out which comes first the chicken or the egg. 

We pulled into what looked to be a toll booth, but with a lot more activity. This is where the real nervousness begins to set in.

"Chris, uh where are we? And why are these nice men and women looking in people's cars and asking for papers?" I asked warily.

"Oh I didn't mention that the ranch you're going to is in Canada." he said with a smirk.

"CANADA?" I yelled "Are you seriously sending me to another country to work on a ranch?"

"Chris I can't believe you." I whined. 

"You didn't ask, so I figured you didn't care where you were being sent. If you must know Judge Reinhold's younger brother owns a ranch right outside of Calgary and delinquents, like you, are sent there when the Judge feels like you can learn more with a more untraditional sentence." He explained.

"So basically you're telling me that the Judge's brother gets free labor through the United States Judicial System?" I asked sarcastically.

"Yup, isn't life great?" Chris looked at me with a wicked evil grin on his face.

Several hours later, we pulled into a very pretty area. There were mountains in the background with lots of trees but also plenty of flat land. It really was beautiful. And if I'd been here on vacation and not as an alternative to jail, I might have noticed the serene atmosphere. I would have taken pictures of the gorgeous landscapes we drove by. I may have even rolled down my window and inhaled the clean fresh air. But nope, I wasn't going to do any of those things. Instead I sulked and acted like a brat. 

My eyes widened as we drove through what I imagined were the front gates to the ranch. 

"Welcome to The Cocoa Corral." the sign read.

Can you farm chocolate? I have this huge weakness for anything chocolate; interesting name for a place that has horses and cows and chickens and hay and stuff like that. 

"Is there chocolate here?" I asked in my most disinterested voice.

"You'll have to wait and see. Mark is expecting us so he should be at the house." Chris said.

The "house" wasn't just any old house. It was this gorgeous mansion! Well not a mansion in the Bill Gates sort of way but more the 'this house is made for a BIG family'. The view looked as if Norman Rockwell had painted it. The front yard was well tended to, a wide spread of flowers all with bright colors. A comfortable looking swinging bench was on the porch. The front door was open as if to say 'Welcome Home'. 

Chris cut off the engine and began getting out. The screen door to the house opened and out walked Mark, or at least I think it was Mark. From afar I couldn't see details but he was tall somewhere between 6' and 6'2. He wore a huge cowboy hat, nicely fitted jeans boots and a t-shirt. As I stepped out of the car, I gave him a closer look as he and Chris shook hands. He had broad shoulders and a nice butt. Then he turned to look at me and I died a slow death. I drowned in the blue of his eyes. 

His eyes shouldn't even be called blue. They were their own color. I got pictures of a gorgeous winter scene in my head with snow capped trees, freshly fallen snow against a back drop of a clear blue sky. The blue of the water mixed with the whiteness of the snow creating a shade of blue only found in his eyes. His eyes were bright with his smile. A full smile of white straight teeth, it was lazy and easy. 

"Well, howdy Halle." Mark said with a southern drawl. 

"Hi." I replied "You sound American."

Mark laughed "Technically, I am. I'm originally from Texas but migrated up here when this ranch came on the market." 

"Oh." I said disinterested.

"So..." Chris said "I guess I'll head back now." He turned to me and placed his hands on my shoulders "Halle, it's only six months. Just be good and don't get into any trouble. If you need me you can call on my cell, but I'll check in with you every few days."

"Bye" I said as I turned away to grab my bags. I was not happy with Chris even though I knew this wasn't his fault. It really was mine, but what woman you know accepts responsibility for her mistakes? 

I stared at the house again. At this moment it looked really daunting. I can usually handle myself in any situation I get into but this is completely new territory. I felt Mark's eyes on me so I glance over to him. The smug little smile playing on his lips gave me the push I need. I stood up straight, swung back my hair, dropped my bags and said "Let's get this show on the road." and walked through the front door.

As I stepped through the threshold, I was amazed at what I saw. The inside really looked 'homey'. The fireplace mantle was covered with pictures; there was a piano in the corner that looked used but loved. Off of the living was what looked to be a sunroom. The ceiling and walls were all glass with a huge comfortable looking chair in it. As I walked through the living room I felt an overwhelming sense of calmness. I could hear Mark breathing behind me and I could feel his piercing gaze on my back. I slowly turned to meet his eyes.

He smiled that lazy smile again and said "So what do you think of my home?"

"It's nice." I replied.

"But you don't want to be here, right?" He asked laughing.

"Would you want to be here if you were me?" I asked.

"Well no, but then again I've never been in trouble with the law. What did you do?" He wondered. 

"I sucked a man's cock." I said teasingly with a smile as I looked him up and down. "Why? You want to get me in trouble some more?" 

"What?" He sputtered.

"I...sucked...a... man's...hard...cock... in...the... airport. Apparently, that violates parole." I said slowly.

"Are you serious? My brother sent you to me because you gave some guy a blowjob? When did blowjobs become illegal? Sheesh I really need to get out more" he said amazed.

I shrugged. The look on his face was priceless. Mark was very sexy. I could tell he was a bit older than I was but he aged very well. His skin was creamy and his teeth were straight and white. I could imagine his sexy lips nibbling on my...

Those thoughts had to be put away and out of my head. Halle, I thought to myself, you sole purpose here was to finish out the parole sentence not sex up the sexy cowboy! But like my mama always told me, never hurts to flirt a bit.

"So Mark, where is Mrs. Cowboy?" I asked with a sneaky smile as I glanced around.

"Uh, well she's out of town so to speak." He stammered.

"'Out of town so to speak' what does that mean?" I asked with a laugh.

"It's not important. Let me show you around. I've got to do some chores today nothing too extensive, but I thought you could tag along so you can see the ranch." Mark said changing the subject.

"Ha ha ha, ok nice subject change. That's fine." Obviously there is a story there that I'll find out in time no big deal, I usually get what I want. 

Mark gave me the quick tour of his house. There were 4 bedrooms and 3 and a half bathrooms. When he led me into the room I'd be staying in, I noticed it was the farthest from his room but I didn't make any comments. He then took me to the kitchen. Although it was big and open, it had a really homey feel to it. All of the appliances were state of the art and clean as a whistle. Either someone took care of his kitchen or he never came in here. The former is definitely more appealing than the latter.

He then led me outside. The backyard was gorgeous. Landscaper's Challenge definitely came to see Mark. Wait, I wondered did they have Landscaper's Challenge up here. Goodness! I cannot get into anymore trouble. Judge will probably send me to some country where women are treated like crap next time. But the backyard was nice; there was a pool and a patio area with an outdoor bar and of course a huge grill and smoker that matched the appliances in the kitchen. Mark watched me take everything in.

"I have parties a lot." He said answering my unasked question. 

He looked like he wanted to say more but he didn't. He just looked lonely. I walked to him and ran my hand down his arm. The heat created by that one touch not only made me yank my hand back but caused Mark to jump and look at me as if I pulled a gun on him. So, touching is off the list of things I can do here. Good job Halle, I think to myself, no thinking about sex and no touching. Been here, maybe 30 minutes; I've got approximately 5 months 29 days 23 hours and 30 minutes left. No sweat. 

"Uh...let me show you...uh...yea follow me" Mark stuttered and walked off.

Later that night, Mark and I sat at the table in the kitchen to talk about what would be expected of me while I'm here. 

"Do you ride horses?" Mark asked.

"Oh no, my mommy always told me 'Save a horse, ride a cowboy'" I said with a wink. "And I always listen to my mom."

Mark made some noise, I couldn't really tell if he was laughing or coughing or a bit of both. He seemed to be very nervous around me now. I couldn't decide if I was flattered or uneasy by that. 

"Mark." I whispered "The ball is in your court."

"What do you mean?" He asked.

"Oh you know." I replied.

"I think it's time for me to turn in. Just turn out the lights when you're done." He said as he walked to his room.

Good job Halle, day one and you've alienated the one person you've got to work with everyday. I cleaned up the kitchen quickly then decided to just turn in and forget this day happened. After unpacking enough items of clothes to take a shower and dress tomorrow, I headed for the shower. The hot shower soothed my nerves. Enveloping myself in one of the lush towels, I quickly dried off and started my nightly ritual. I picked up my favorite jasmine scented lotion and thoroughly teased my pores with the sweet smelling moisturizer. Starting at the base of my foot, I gradually and intricately massaged my body, rubbing every square inch. A small pulsating throb began between my womanly folds. The sweet aroma of my juices filled the room.

It was as my hands were on my face that I felt eyes watching me. Raising my eyes to the mirror, I became aware of Mark watching me from the doorway. Slowly my hands drop to my side as he started to walk toward me. 

"The ball's in my court, right?" 

"Yes." 

I stared dumbfounded into his eyes as he ran his fingers through my hair. My eyes fluttered shut as he kissed my forehead. He then took my mouth in the most provocative kiss ever imagined. Tongues entangled and lips pressed together, Mark feasted on my mouth. His hands ran over my body stopping on my upper thighs to lift me up. I wrapped my legs around his waist and held on as we walked us over to the bed. He gently laid me down. 

I took a moment to take in his body. His eyes were serious and filled with a fire I haven't seen in a man's eyes ever. He lifted his arms to remove his t-shirt. He had a light sprinkling of hair on his chest with a happy trail leading down. He slowly pulled down his pajama pants and my eyes widen in shock. Whatever, he'd been thinking of before he came into my room definitely turned him on, because his cock was hard and ready. 

I reached out my hand to touch, but he moved out of my reach. With a questioning look, I tried to touch him again this time on his chest, but again he backed away. 

"You said the ball was in my court. Stay still." He said.

Mark sat down beside me and began to lightly run his fingers across my body. There was no set path he took and because of this I got turned on even more from the anticipation of where his fingers would go next. I closed my eyes so I can focus on the wonderful sensations filling my body. And like clock work, my legs crossed together to create pressure to my already throbbing mound. But just as I was pressing my thighs together, I felt Mark's hands pull my legs apart. I expected a finger or at least his hand to apply the pressure since my legs were open but all I felt was the cool air. I glanced at him. He sat there with a small smile on his lips. 

My body was hot and needed to be touched in a more intimate way, so I moved my hand to my thighs and slowly moved it across my mound, again just as I began to touch myself, Mark stopped me. He grabbed both of my wrists and raised them above my head.

"What are you doing?" I asked. 

Once again he repeated, "The ball is in my court." 

With one hand holding my wrists, he lowered himself to my mouth and kissed me with the dominance of a man who knew what he wanted. Slowly he trailed kisses from my mouth to my ears and began whispering to me. He told me what he wanted to do to my pussy and what he was going to make me do to his cock. The talking began to turn me on like nothing before. 

He lifted himself up and slid me down the bed and straddled my face. I was now eye to eye with his throbbing cock. I could see a trickle of precum oozing out of the tip. I darted my tongue out to taste but yet again he pulled back like a tease. 

"You want to use your mouth as a pussy on my cock, don't you?" Mark asked teasingly. "You want to suck me off, isn't that right Halle?"

"Mmmmm, yes please." I moaned "Let me taste you."

Slowly, he lowered his cock to my lips. Smearing his precum like lip-gloss, making my lips shine. I began to lightly blow air across the tip of his cock as moved and I could tell he enjoyed what I was doing by the little jerk his body made every time I blew right on the tip. My tongue snuck out of my lips quickly to capture the head of his cock between my lips. With a slight pressure I sucked the juices from him. And inch by inch I took him in, all in. I felt the head reach the back of my throat. And my mouth became a Hoover vacuum. 

Whenever I'm going down on a man I get a sense of power, control even. They are moaning because of what I'm doing. I control their orgasm; I control the speed the intensity, but when Mark leaned forward to hold onto the headboard. It was here that the shift of power moved from me to him. I lifted my hand to cup his cock with my mouth. And Mark began to move; back and forth in my mouth. Increasing speed and intensity, he used my mouth as a pussy. My hands grabbed his thighs to hold on. Faster and faster he moved forcing his cock into my mouth, making me suck. All I could do was moan from the pressure. 

I felt his butt and thighs begin to clench and tightened. I knew I would soon get to really taste him. I reached around to grab his balls which were swollen with cum. I began to entice the cum to fill my mouth. Mark started moaning and whispering my name. And then it came. Hot, sticky, salty cum straight to the back of my mouth. My eyes flew open when I felt the amount of cum being forced into my mouth, squirt after squirt of his juices. So much that some began to dribble down chin. Mark pulled out but obviously wasn't finished spilling his seed. 

He jerked off the rest onto my tits covering each nipple with his sticky cum. When he finally stopped, he did the most erotic thing. He took his finger and wiped some of it off my nipple and held it to lips.

"Eat it, Halle. Suck my fingers I want to watch you." He whispered.

I opened my mouth and took his finger in and began to suck. I kept my eyes on his. I could see the laughter in his eyes and how the arousal, of what I was doing, was affecting him. He kept feeding me his cum until I was all cleaned off. 

"Is the ball in my court now?" I ask quietly.

Smiling he said "Yes if you want it, or I have a few more plays I could run." 

"Let me have a go." I uttered while flipping him over onto his back. Running my hands all over his body, because in case this is a dream I need to be able to recreate the memory when I wake up, I nudge myself up until I'm sitting over his face. With my pussy lips hovering over his mouth, I used my fingers to separate them and could feel my juices drip out of me. Mark started drinking all of me in. 

"Mmmmm, you taste sweet Halle, just like chocolate, so addictive, so sinful." Mark said. He lifted his hands to my hips and pulled me down onto his ready mouth, so hard I almost fell off. He devoured me. My pussy was his last supper, his dying wish, his heaven. He nibbled, sucked, licked, and ate as if his mouth was made for it. I was his chocolate ice cream cone on a warm summer's day. 

"Save a horse ride a cowboy." He whispered with a sexy grin. So I did. I rode his face with the energy of drug induced fiend. I grabbed his hands to hold my tits, while I moved faster and harder, pressing my swollen twat onto his tongue. The noises his mouth made had me bucking like a wild horse. The tingling sensation built and built till I froze and let the wash of pure ecstasy take over my body. 

"OH MY GOODNESS!" I screamed and moaned. The faucet had been turned on. I gushed and squirted into his willing mouth for at least a minute. I rode the waves of the orgasm while he drank all of my juices. I slowly slid down his body to lay on him.

"Now that was the best melted chocolate I've ever had." Mark said.

"Oh so you really like chocolate?" I asked with a smirk "Because I've got plenty more to share."

"Why do you think I named this place to Cocoa Corral? Baby I've had a weakness for chocolate my whole life." He laughed.

"Well let's see if we can 'feed' your addiction." I replied.

It was like Mark read my mind or had a list of all the things I like to be done to me while in the bed, because not only did he talk dirty to me and use a bit of force, but he then picked me up and tossed me onto the bed like a doll as if I weighed nothing. A man who will move me where he wants me, is a man I adore. And Mark did. He wanted me on my knees so that is how he placed me. With my butt high in the air on the edge of the bed and him standing behind me erect and ready again, he pushed right into my pussy. There was no fanfare no teasing no getting ready, just hardcore sex. It was fast and erotic.

He held my hips and pounded into me. The slapping noise from his balls hitting my butt along with my tits hitting my chin filled the room. His moans and my moans intertwined. We met each other thrust for thrust. I arched my back as far as I could to give him deeper access. Grabbing the sheets and holding on for dear life, I felt filled.
