 My name is Melanie, and I am a student at a large state university—a place that has quite a reputation as a party school. Actually, it would be more accurate to say that I am masquerading as a student to get some interesting perspectives on college life in the millennial age. I am really a writer/blogger working for an alternative newspaper. My editor approached me with the concept and offered to pay all expenses if I would be willing to go undercover to experience college life firsthand. I was admittedly rather hesitant since I am a rather modest person with limited experience in the world of parties and sex, but I agreed when he told me that the project might lead to a book project and possibly an independent art film. It seemed like a promising way to take my career to a new level, and so I accepted the challenge. I vowed to push myself to explore experiences I might otherwise have avoided, and, in the end, I surprised myself with a newfound sense of courage and adventure. Here is a chapter in my series titled "Coed Confidante".

*******

Since so much of the college social life centers around the fraternities and sororities on campus, I decided that my first "assignment" would be a full immersion into the Greek life. I was a bit nervous as I waited for my interview with the senior leaders of sorority that I had picked out, though I really had no reason to fret. Everyone had been so nice to me during the entire week of social events and get-togethers, and I was so relieved when they told me that they do not believe in the humiliating and degrading hazing rituals that other sororities stage every year. I knew that this interview was my final hurdle, and I was confident that I would nail it. As I sat waiting, I had a feeling that this was going to be a great introduction to my Coed Confidante series.

I heard the door open and I stood up when Nikki, the sorority president, motioned me to step into the next room. It looked like a coaches meeting room, but now the tables had been pushed to one wall and the chairs rearranged to form a semi-circle. I was surprised to see several guys sitting with the sorority leaders in the room. I was also startled by the fact that a video camera on a tripod was set up, presumably to record the interview. There was one chair facing the others, and I knew this was the "hot seat" reserved for me. 

"Welcome, Melanie." the president began when everyone was seated. "Congratulations! You have made it to the final interview. You are one step away from becoming a member of our sorority."

"Thank you, Nikki," I replied. " I am thrilled to be here today, and I hope that I live up to your expectations. But if I can ask, what's the deal with the camera? And is there a reason that there are guys on the selection committee?"

"We are sure you will," Nikki said with a smile. "The camera is just a way for us to document the interview. We have never had an incident before, but if a pledge were to disagree with what went on during this final step in the process, we like having some proof as to what actually was said or done. 

"We've done this for years," added Jonas, the president of the fraternity that planned many social events with the sorority I was hoping to join. "Like Nikki said, we have all enjoyed spending time with you this week, and we feel confident that you will soon be one of our group."

"Do you know why we are here?" Nikki asked with a slight smile on her face as she looked around the locker room where they were sitting.

"I was told to be here to answer some final questions to prove to you that I would be a good pledge to the sorority." I dug around in the sport bag I had brought and pulled out one of the swimsuits I wore to my swimming practices. "And I brought this since I heard that the new pledges were invited to a swimming party with the rest of the members after the interviews."

"Since you no doubt heard the splashing and yelling from the pool area, I guess you know that the party has already started," Nikki explained. "We will soon find out if you will be joining us. We rent out the pool and locker room in this old gym a couple of times every year for our swimming parties."

"I'm ready for whatever questions you have for me," I said with rising confidence. "I promise you I will be a credit to the sorority." 

"Then let us begin," Nikki responded as she and the others pulled out folders with my name on them.

There were four senior sorority leaders and four senior fraternity leaders facing me, and we spent the next ten minutes discussing my answers to a survey form they gave me the first day we met. Most of the questions were pretty mundane, but I began to tighten up a bit when they got to a few questions that I had struggled with when I completed the form.

"We noticed that you did not write an answer to question #22 on the form," Nikki said after a brief pause. "That's the question where we asked if you had ever been to a nude beach or if you thought you would feel uncomfortable if you were at a nude beach."

"I-I guess I thought that was an odd question, so I left it blank," I replied. "I am not sure why that is relevant to the sorority."

"Actually, it is one of the pivotal questions," Jonas explained. "There is a popular nude beach along the river just a few miles out of town. We usually have two or three outings there each summer, and so we need to know if new pledges would be comfortable there."

"Why a nude beach?" I asked nervously. "I know that there are many other beaches closer to town."

"There are," Nikki stepped in, " but the nude beach plays into two of the core philosophies of our two houses." She could see that I still had a confused look on my face, so she continued. "We have two main goals. First, we try to challenge all of the members of our houses to push themselves beyond their usual comfort levels so that they can learn more about themselves. We find that so many people our age have insecurities about their bodies and the ways that they feel others see them. We think this is an important way to grow and challenge those insecurities." 

I could see that Jonas and the others were watching my reaction carefully. "Second, we get tired by the social status game on campus," he added. "There are always some people trying to impress others with their wealth and their possessions while others are made to feel that they are somehow less important if they are not as well off. It's bullshit! The way we see it, there is nothing more democratic than stripping away the artificial facades that society creates and reducing every person to the bare...essence. There is no rich or poor on the nude beach—only people learning to feel comfortable in their own skin and having fun with friends."

"You're telling me that everyone gets naked?" I asked as my nervousness was showing even more. "It's not one of those optional things?"

"Everyone. Otherwise it would be sham. We would have too many people just going to ogle the others for a cheap thrill. We have to be sure that every person in our houses has the courage to participate. So that's why we put that question on the survey and why we will ask again. Have you ever been to a nude beach?"

"No, I admit that I have not." I could feel my face getting red as I struggled for words. "I didn't even know there was one around here."

"So now that you know that there is a secret beach near here, that leaves us with a follow-up question," Nikki persisted. "Do you think you would be comfortable being naked with a coed group on a public beach? It's cool if you don't think so, but if that's the case, we will all thank you for your time and wish you well as we prepare for the next pledge. One of our rules stands above all of the others—we never force people into doing things if they are too uncomfortable."

"I could do it," I replied quietly after mulling the question over in my mind for several seconds. I immediately thought of the Coed Confidante assignment and I knew that my editor would insist that I give it a try. "You can mark that one as okay with me."

"That leaves us with Question #23 on the form. You left that one blank too."

"What was Question #23," I asked. "I don't remember leaving that one blank."

"Similar to the last one," Nikki responded. "We asked if you had ever gone skinny dipping with a mixed crowd."

"Isn't that pretty much the same as the last one?" 

"Not really," Jonas spoke up. "We've had some people who never dreamed of walking along a nude beach in broad daylight, but have admitted that they had gotten carried away after a few drinks and ended up in a pool or lake in the buff. At least that's how they remember it!"

"Again, we are just trying to gauge your confidence and your self assurance here," Nikki said. "We are just trying to determine if we should continue the interview. Everything else on the survey suggests that you will be an outstanding new member."

"Again, I don't think so, though I do remember sitting at the edge of the lake after our graduation party watching some of the guys strip down for a swim in the moonlight. A few of the girls did, too, but I don't think I joined in. But then, we had all had a bit too much to drink, so it's possible, I guess."

"Can we check off that one with a notation that you are prepared to try?"

"Yes," I answered quietly.

"Then I guess you have already figured out that you will not be needing that swimsuit you brought along tonight," Nikki pointed out with a smile. "The swimming party has already started in the pool next to the locker room here, and I can assure you that no one in that pool is wearing a suit. Would you like to join them as the newest member of our house?"

"You mean I'm in?" I asked nervously.

"Assuming you are ready to take the next step," Jonas said with a smile that was a little larger than I expected.

"So here is how it works," Nikki continued as she held up a jar and a paper bag. " You will pick a slip of paper with the name of one of the guys here. He will then facilitate the undressing ritual. We like to think of it as a kind of rebirth—the start of your new life. Your Greek life with new friends and new adventures ahead of you. And just like your real birth, you will enter this new world without a stitch of clothing."

"Why does someone else have to do it?" I asked quietly. "If I decide to go through with this, can't I just strip down on my own?"

"We used to do it that way, but we had too many cases where pledges looked to be unsure of themselves and took forever to undress. A couple of them quit halfway and just walked out. It became painful to watch, and it left us to wonder if they were really committed to joining the house in the first place. The way we do it now, we simply ask our pledges to give themselves over, relax, and let their inhibitions slip away in our care."

"This is going to take a minute to sink in. I have had boyfriends take off my clothes, but those were guys I knew and trusted. I've never done anything like this with a guy I just met."

"None of us had before we were initiated," Nikki reassured me. "I promise you that you will be treated with respect. The guy you pick will remove your clothes and put them in this bag that we will mark with your name. When you are completely naked, he will present you to the committee and we will formally approve you as a member. You will then take a ceremonial shower to signify your passage into your new Greek life, and you will then be introduced to the others in the pool."

"Do you keep the cameras running?" I asked nervously, even though I think I already knew the answer.

"Yes," Nikki answered. "It's a way to protect ourselves in case a pledge lodges a complaint later. It allows us to show that every pledge acts voluntarily without coercion."

"Then let's do it," I said with quiet resignation after a few moments of silence in which I frantically weighed my options.

The next ten minutes seemed surreal to me. Here I was standing in front of several guys and girls being filmed as a guy named Jason stripped me completely naked. He took his time as he removed each item, carefully folded it, and put it in the bag with my name on it. Each time, before he prepared to remove another item, he looked me in the eyes and asked if I wanted to continue. I would nod each time and then wait as another layer was peeled off and stashed in the bag. When he unhooked my bra, he slid his hands up my torso and over my bare breasts as he worked the garment over my head. I instinctively tried to cover myself, but he gently guided my arms to my side so that my breasts were fully exposed to the committee. He took the same deliberate care as he slid my panties down my legs, and I felt his hands caressing my ass and legs. And just like that, I was completely nude in a room of people fully clothed. Each committee member came up to me and hugged me as they extended their congratulations.

As I stood there completely exposed, I flashed back to a night when a few friends stumbled on a web site featuring what they called "OON" videos—only one naked. We laughed about it at the time, but I always wondered how I would react if I was the only person naked in a room full of clothed people. I was now living that moment, and I found that I was experiencing a wide mix of emotions that ranged from deep embarrassment to unexpected exhilaration. Despite my nervousness, I had to admit it was a rush. 

They pointed me to the shower room and said that everyone is required to shower before entering the pool. I turned on the water and began to lather up when I suddenly felt a person behind me. To my surprise, I discovered that Jason had stripped down and had his hands around my waist. He pulled up close behind me and began soaping me down. Without turning around, I could tell that he was very well endowed since his sizeable cock was pressing against my ass. I must have had a look of protest on my face, but Nikki assured me that this was a part of the ritual. I will admit that Jason was diligent in his duties, and for the next several minutes his hands thoroughly covered every inch of my body. I thought he spent far more time than was needed on my breasts and vulva, but in the end, there was no doubt that I was clean.

As I was being led to the pool area to be introduced to the full group, Nikki took me aside and suggested that I find a way to thank Jason for his services. When I shot her a questioning look, she smiled and said that I would figure it out. She merely said that there are some things that guys love more than almost anything and that I should try to think of a way to make his evening as memorable as mine. She pointed back to the locker room as if to suggest that after the all of the interviews were finished, we would have the place to ourselves.

I thought I would be mortified to be naked in a crowd of people, but it is amazing how quickly I got used to the situation. I had heard that from people who had been to nude beaches, but I always wondered how that could be possible. Within minutes, I was splashing with the others and making friends, and in no time swimming nude seemed as natural as anything I had ever done. I wondered why I had not done it before. Nikki's suggestion was still hanging over me, though, so after a while, I spotted Jason and swam over to him.

"Thanks for being so considerate in there," I said. "I was extremely nervous, but you did a pretty good job of relaxing me."

"I could tell that you were pretty tense at first, so I wanted to make sure that you were cool with the whole thing before I continued," Jason answered with a smile. "It looks like you are more relaxed now."

"Now that the interviews are over and the locker room is empty, I was thinking that there might be a better way of expressing my thanks," I replied. "You think you can pull yourself away from the pool for a while?"

"Lead on, fair princess," Jason said with an expectant look in his eyes. "I am not quite sure what you have in mind."

"Let's just say that you are clearly more of a man than some of the guys in the pool," I answered while flashing a sexy grin. "I'd like to take a second look to be sure my eyes were not deceiving me."

I checked to be sure no one was left in the shower room, and then I turned on the water and pulled him close to me. "You took your time exploring my body a while ago," I whispered in his ear. "I'd like to return the favor."

What followed was the most erotic experience of my life. Our soapy hands were in constant motion as we explored every inch of each other's bodies. Jason was larger than any guy I had dated, and I could feel him tense up as I stroked his cock. His magnificent member seemed to grow longer and harder by the minute. When I sensed that he had reached maximum proportions, I kneeled down and took his throbbing cock in my mouth with more passion than I had ever done with the few other guys I had sucked. I ran my soapy hands up and down his muscular legs and ass as I continued to take him deeper in my mouth. I started to get into a rhythm, and I made sure that each time the head of his cock appeared, I worked it over with the tip of my tongue. He started to moan so loud that I was afraid the others would hear, and when I could feel his knees start to buckle, I knew we needed to change positions.

He took me into the locker room and motioned me to lie down on a training table in the corner of the room. He started kissing me all over my body and when he reached my engorged nipples, I let out a small gasp. He worked his tongue expertly over my nipples and massaged my breast with one hand while his other hand made it down to find a very receptive area between my legs. His fingers found my clit and he began gently finger fucking me as I began to writhe in uncontrolled ecstasy. Within minutes his tongue replaced his loving fingers, and so I slid down to the end of the table and spread my legs to give him better access. I was now quivering uncontrollably as I was engulfed in orgasm after orgasm. Twice he had to put a hand over my mouth to warn me that I was too loud and that the others might come in to see what was happening. 

Just when I thought I could not take any more, Jason climbed up on the training table and eased his throbbing cock between my legs. I was sure that I could not take his full length, but he slowly pushed it deeper and then began to thrust his pelvis. I have screwed a few guys before, but this sensation was deeper and more powerful than anything I had experienced. We found a rhythm and soon we were moving like one body joined in the most overwhelming sexual sensation I had ever experienced. When he finally came a few minutes later, he fell into my arms covered in sweat. We lay there for several minutes completely spent before we sat up and slid off the table.

We decided that we better get back to the pool, so we showered again. We both said that we should get cleaned up before we went back to the pool, but I think we really just wanted to find one last time to explore each other's bodies. When we stepped back into the pool area, all eyes looked our way. It seemed pretty clear that everyone knew what we were doing. As we jumped back in the water, I saw Jonas heading toward the shower room with one of the other new pledges. I guess it was time for him to claim his reward.

A few days later when I was writing my article for the Coed Confidante, my mind was still filled with memories of that amazing evening. I realized that I was very lucky to have gotten this undercover assignment, and I wondered what new adventures awaited me. More than that, I was already counting the days until our next nude outing with my new Greek friends. I hope Jason is looking forward to it as much as I am. The trouble is, I knew that I will not be able to wait that long to see Jason again. At that point, I still didn't know much about him, but one thing was certain—I dreamed about the next time that his powerful body would be pressed against mine with his ample male member buried deep between my legs.