 Evan was one of the first people to contact me when I started writing here on Lit, and we have remained in touch for a while now. It's funny because the first thing I liked about him was that he recognized what my screen name (getupkidsrock) meant. For those of you unaware, The Get Up Kids have got to be one of the single greatest Indie rock bands of all time. We got to chatting that first night, mostly about music, and commiserated with each other about how so many kids were coming to shows and how we felt old, although neither of us was even close. 

Conversation came pretty naturally between the two of us, and I loved having someone who I could talk to about music – I mean, there aren't a whole lot of people around who listen to it, hence the small independent labels. We talked about other things too – work and school and sex... a lot about sex. He's a fan of my writing, and I couldn't help but blush at how excited he was to talk to me at first – I'm just a regular gal who likes writing erotic stories, so I was quite surprised that he was so eager. 

It turns out that Evan happens to live in Philadelphia, where a lot of big shows are, and after we had been talking for a while, I told him I would get in touch with him if I were going to be in town so that we could maybe meet up for a drink or two... and maybe more. 

It also just so happens that my grandmother lives less than an hour outside of Philadelphia, so when I got the chance to visit her, I jumped on the chance, with the thought of a side trip to the big city in the front of my mind. I knew exactly how I would go about it, either go up a day early and not tell her, or take the trip to check out grad schools and maybe visit and old 'friend' from the internship I did a couple years ago. I knew it would work. I on the getting there early, I could always get a hotel or something if things didn't work out, and even if I showed up at my grandma's house a day early, she's family, so I knew she wouldn't turn me away.

I smiled to myself the day I talked to Evan and let him know that I would be in the area. I was excited, but also scared as hell – I had never met someone offline before, and I wasn't sure what to expect. What would it be like? How would we get along? What if we didn't hit it off? I had so many questions racing through my brain the day I packed my bags for Pennsylvania and slid into the front seat of my car for the nearly 500 mile drive.

I pumped all the Indie music I've got on the way – Save the Day, Zella Mayzell, Motion City Soundtrack, and yes, The Get Up Kids. The drive went smoothly, and a little bit outside of Philly I stopped at a rest stop to change my clothes and freshen up a bit. I splashed my face with cool water, reapplied my lip gloss, and slid into a short, tight jean skirt and a v-neck pink top that hugged my curves just right. The look was finished off with my pink All-Stars and little star earrings that match my star tattoo, and it screamed 'I am the most do-able Indie Rock gal you could ever meet!' 

My heart was practically pounding out of my chest when I finally found the bar we had agreed to meet at, parked my car, and walked inside. It took a minute for my eyes to adjust – the bar was fixtures were made of beautiful dark wood, somehow making the bar seem even darker than the night outside. In just the few seconds it took my eyes to get used to the lighting, I could feels eyes on me, and when I looked towards the bar, I saw Evan sipping a beer and gazing at me, a playful smile on his lips.

He was wearing what he said he would – jeans, tennis shoes, and a plaid shirt with a simple t-shirt underneath. Seeing him made what we were doing a reality for me, and I almost chickened out, felt the urge to turn around and leave before he could say anything. 

"Too late now," I whispered to myself under my breath and sucked in a lungful of air before walking nervously to the bar.

Evan saw me approach and stood up to say hi. "Chloe?" I flashed the sweetest smile I could, letting him know that yes, that's me. "I'm Evan, glad you found the place!" 

I awkwardly thrust my hand out in front of me. "Nice to meet you, Evan. It was a long drive, but yeah... I made it!"

"Mmmmmmmmm." I feel his eyes on my chest and almost regret the choice to wear this shirt. But no, I'm just nervous. "Find okay parking?"

"Well I parked on the street in some two hour, but I don't think that applies on the weekends, right?"

He smiled at me amusedly. "Well its after 9, anyway, so you should be okay... I got us a booth right over there," he said as he gestured to the back of the bar and reached for my arm, leading me to the booth. 

I blush as he touches me. "God Evan, I'm so nervous!"

"Oh no, don't be nervous," he said, laughing a little nervously. "Easier said than done, I guess." He smiled. "I'm a little nervous as well, but I already had a pint of beer, it helps the nerves for sure... care for one?"

"You seem so laid-back. I'll try anything." Knowing he was nervous, though, did help a bit.

He smiled at me, and I blushed vividly, my cheeks bright pink. "Well I am just so glad you made it, it is so cool to see you face-to-face... and you're even cuter than in your pictures." He winked. "I'll be right back, going to get us some pints."

I sat there, in the booth waiting for him to come back, my mind racing. Okay, he seemed nice enough. Not creepy, not too touchy-feely. The place was in an okay neighborhood. I was here! I still couldn't completely wrap my mind around what I was doing, who exactly I was talking to, how far I was from home. I ran my fingers through my hair, wondering what I was thinking when I came out here, but no matter how nervous I was, I was just as excited about the prospects for the evening. 

Evan returned not too long later with two beers and smiled at me as he sat down in the booth across from me. His eyes lingered on my chest for just a moment too long, but not long enough to creep me out. He slid my beer across the table and I put my hands around the cool glass, smiling slightly.

"Here you go," he said. "Cheers, to my favorite author." He grinned, clearly still nervous, as I was, and shifted in his seat a bit. Just before he took a swig of beer his eyes met mine for just a second.

I picked my beer up and sipped it, tentatively at first, not sure if I would go for it. "Mmmmmmmmm, thanks, this is great." I told him. I paused a moment. "Am I really your favorite author?"

He looked at me anxiously and gave a little laugh. "Well my fave Literotica author at least."

I blushed. 

"And definitely the best looking author I have had the pleasure to share a beer with," he finished.

I giggled and smiled at him pleasantly. "Well thank you. A lot. It means a lot."

The way he was smiling at me, I could only imagine what he was thinking about. The stories. About the Chloe of my stories, sucking cock and fucking, being so completely uninhibited, and sexually free. His gaze seemed far away, I knew he was day dreaming, what finally snapped him out of it, I'm not sure.

"So have you ever met one of your fans before?" He grinned slyly, like he was up to something.

"No, you're my first, I guess." I told him honestly. "I'm a fan-meeting virgin." 

He laughed and reached across the table, brushing his hand against mine before he took another sip of beer. "Well you are the first author I have met in real life, so I guess we are both virgins at this. Thank God for beer, right?"

"I'm gonna need a shot, I think." I sighed deeply. "I can't believe I'm doing this!" 

Evan laughed at me. "It's okay, Chloe, I just wanted to meet you! It worked out... you were close... I am here... We're just having drinks... don't worry." I felt myself relax a little at his words.

"I know it's just a little bit... uncharacteristic... of me to do something like this..." I trailed off. "So mind if I get something a little stronger before I finish this beer? 

"Oh yeah, well, I had a pint before you even got here, I was shaking like a leaf... okay, maybe not a leaf, but uh... yeah, this is kind of wild for me. Get anything you want."

"So what's good?" I asked. "Tequila? Hahaha, that stuff makes me crazy!"

"Maybe for you," Evan said. "That stuff makes me a sweaty mess. But if we're going for crazy, that is a perfect prescription." He flagged a waiter/bartender and ordered us each a fresh beer and a shot – whiskey for him and Cuervo with lime and salt for me. Our shots arrived. "Cheers, and bottoms up!"

I took the lime in one hand and the shot in the other. "You know they call this training wheels," I giggled, licked my hand, downed the shot, and bit the lime, then blew out a bit. "Whew!"

I felt Evan's eyes on me as I downed my shot, felt him watching my chest heave up and down when I laughed, felt his gaze on my flushed cheeks when he complimented me and made me blush. Yet somehow the attention didn't bother me as much as I thought it would. Actually, I began to think I liked it... yes, I liked it! "I'm bad at shots," I commented.

"I'm not very good either," Evan replied. "Especially the more I have. It definitely just got a bit warmer in here," he joked. 

I lifted my beer to my lips and took a big swig, and felt my skin flush as the alcohol from the shot entered my bloodstream. "It sure did."

You know that buzzed grin some people get when they drink? I saw that look on Evan's face as he more openly ogled my breasts. He was staring, but it wasn't lewd, it was really just... flattering, actually. Noticing, I arching my back, pushing them out, accentuating their size, putting them on display, and teasing him a little bit. 

"God, so what do we talk about, Evan? I mean..."

He laughed a bit. "Gosh, anything and everything."

Our conversation began, and drifted from subject to subject quite naturally. We talked about my studies, about his work, about my trip up, and about music. We talked about music a lot, something that we had in common. 

"Music." I said, seriously, after a few minutes of conversation. "We need some music. I mean, we've been talking about it all night, but I've gotta listen to something other than the crap some of the other people are playing. Help me pick something out?" I looked at Evan flirtatiously, as we both slid out of the booth.

I felt his hand grazing my wrist, and the resting on the small of my back as we walk towards the jukebox, walking just a little behind me, so as to check me out from the back, I assumed. As we stood at the jukebox laughing and picking out music, his arm rested around my waist, loosely, yet somehow possessively.

"...Love the shoes..." Evan said casually.

"Oh, thanks!"

"I do love cool shoes, no doubt."

"Well, these are my favorites!" I smile.

"You really do look great... even better than your pictures." He said, with a buzzed grin, blushing slightly.

I blushed back. "Awwww, you're blushing!"

"What, me?" He asked self-consciously. "No I'm not... It's uhhh, the whiskey." He laughed nervously.

"Thanks though. I was really nervous you wouldn't like me as much in person as in my pictures."

"Mmmmm, no, you look fantastic." I made a few random selections on the jukebox and the two of us headed back to our little booth. "Geez, sorry, I am getting a little buzzed!" Evan told me just as we slid into our respective sides.

"It's okay, so am I." I replied.

I picked up my beer and took a sip, gazing off into nothingness, thinking about the situation. Evan's voice brought me out of my little daydream.

"What are you thinking about, Chloe? You look far away!"

"Oh you know... me, you... us. Nothing in particular."

"Well cheers to us!" Evan said, grinning and holding up his beer.

I clinked my glass against his and then took a long sip "Cheers!" 

"Thanks again for coming up... this is really fun, I'm glad you made the drive. Now if only the Eagles were playing the Steelers we could make wagers." He laughed a bit and looked at me playfully.

"We would totally win," I said winking at him.

He laughed again. "I don't know about that... but keep your voice down. I don't wanna get my ass kicked!"

I smiled at him. "Wouldn't I be the one assuming that risk?" I giggled.

"Maybe in Pittsburgh they beat up chicks, but around here they would... be gentlemanly, and beat ME up."

Embarrassed, I laughed a little. "Oh, I se. Well, we don't want that happening! How about another round of shots?"

"Actually, at this bar I think we would be okay," Evan said as he flagged down the waitress and ordered us another round.

"Yeah, we fit into that weird group of football-watching indie rockers..."

"Indeed," he said. "But almost everyone in Philly watches the Eagles. Even indie rockers."

I start relaxing into my seat, beginning to feel drunk as the alcohol coursed through my veins and Evan smiled at me. Our shots came. "You can even toast the Steelers if you keep it quiet," Evan told me playfully. "But you better do it before the next shot, because I have a feeling that you're gonna get a little louder. Cheers!" I could just barely make out his quiet "to the Eagles."

I gulped down my tequila. "Another?" I smiled. "Pleeeeeeeeeeeease, Evan?"

"Another?" He asked, but ordered another round nonetheless.

We were quiet as we waited for our shots to arrive, but I sat across from him, grinning from ear to ear, quite mischievously. When our shots arrive, I looked him square in the eye. 

"Cheers, Evan!" 

"Cheers, Chloe."

I felt his eyes on me, wide, as I stood up on the seat of the booth, looking down at him, holding my shot up in the air. "CHEERS TO THE STEELERS!!" I yelled at the top of my lungs.

Evan groaned audibly as everyone in the bar turned to look at us. I sat down and giggled as he blushed and looked incredibly embarrassed. Soon enough, though, everyone went back to their own business. 

"I should have worn my Steelers shirt," I said, thoughtfully after a moment. "One more drink for me?"

"Okay, sounds good," Evan replied, ordering me a drink. I felt his hand rubbing my leg under the table. I smiled.

I stood up again when my shot came, looking at Evan teasingly. "Mind if I sit next to you, now?"

"No, not at all!" Evan slid over in his seat, making room for me, and patting the leather next to him, and I slipped into the booth next to him and promptly downed my shot. Apparently, he had ordered a round of beers for us as well. "You're not trying to get me drunk, are you?"

"I thought YOU were the one trying to get ME drunk?" I asked, giggling, as I nursed my beer. 

"Well, you drove, so I think you passed the legal limit AGES ago," Evan said, almost fatherly. 

"You sure? I've only had... what? 4 or 5 drinks?"

"Something like that." Evan said, his hand gently massaging my thigh under the table.

"Wooooooo, it's hot in here!" I said, fanning myself. 

His hand slipped further up my thigh, and I wiggled my body, letting him know it was okay. We both held up our shots (when did he order these?) and I saw him wince as he downed one more shot of whiskey. I flipped my head back and took my shot, feeling the warm liquid trickle down my throat, a little bit missing my mouth and slashing onto my chest.

"Oops!" 

Evan leaned over me and quickly licked the tequila off of my cleavage, while at the same time, his hand traveled even further up my leg, sliding under my skirt and teasing me. I laughed and moaned quietly, pushing my chest forward against his mouth as his lips grazed my skin. 

He pulled his mouth away from my chest, and I felt his breath on my ear. "I've been wanting those incredible tits since you sent me the first picture." He whispered. "Now I just wonder if you're wearing panties..."

I giggled. "Why would I do something like that?"

He smiled at me and I could hear him moan as his fingers grazed my bare pussy. "That is just what my favorite author would wear," he said as he rested his head on my shoulder.

"I think I might like you, Evan." I said quietly, into his ear.

"Haha. You're just saying that because I didn't leave when you toasted the Steelers. But you're pretty cool yourself, Chloe." His fingers brushed my pussy again, this time pressing a little bit harder, and I felt myself getting wet.

Evan pressed two fingers against my swollen lips, feeling hot wet I was becoming. A squirmed shyly, nervous, but it felt great. I bit my lip, and he shifted a little in the booth, moving closer to me. Rubbing my soaked pussy lips underneath the table as I moaned quietly and arched my back, pressing my hips against his hand. My lips parted slightly as I sighed, and I could feel Evan's eyes on my faces as I flushed and he pushed a finger into my pussy, feeling my slick, tight, wet walls give way. He casually sipped his beer with his other hand, and I fumbled for my beer, picking it up and taking a long drink.

Just as I tiled my glass back, he slid his finger a little bit deeper, rubbing my pussy, and I gasped, choking on my beer a little bit. I squirmed under him as his thumb scraped against my clit, rubbing it lightly, barely touching as his fingers rubbed against my slip heat.

"Ohhhhhhhhh. Evan." I said, moaning a little louder. My skin now pink and hot.

Evan squirmed in his seat as he listened to me moan, my pussy gripping his fingers as his thumb rubbed against my clit harder. His eyes were drinking me in, and I placed my hand in his lap, running my fingertips against his upper thigh.

"Glad you made the trip? Having fun so far, Chloe?" Evan whispered into my ear. He was grinning as he felt my hand sliding along his thigh, his hand busy under my skirt.

"Mmmmm, yes." I said, trying to maintain composure.

"Me too," he breathed against my neck. His fingers began pushing in and out of my pussy slowly, he was drawing out the strokes, as his hand barely moved as his fingers teased my drenched cunt. His thumb rubber against my clit, and I could swear he felt it throb. His voice was low and scratchy when he spoke again. "Mmmmm, Chloe.... Are you going to cum for me? Right here in the bar?" His thumb rubbed my clit harder as he whispered the words, and my body flushed bright pink.

"Maybe. Mayyyyyybe I am." I cooed.

"Mmmmmm..." Evan moaned as he continued fingering my pussy, rubbing my clit. The waiter came over and we ordered two more shots, noticing Evan's hand between my legs and my flushed look. 

I moaned and downed my shot, closing my eyes and throwing my head back. "Fuckkkkkkkk Evan."

He smiled and I squirmed against his finger, his thumb rubbing my clit even harder, and he watched my full lips as I sucked down my shot. His finger slid wetly in and almost all the way out of my pussy as he threw back his shot. My hand flitted over the crotch of his jeans, feeling his cock growing, getting hard, and he moaned as I teased the bulge in his pants.

"Mmmmmmm, yessssssss," I moaned quietly. Evan slid a second finger into my pussy, and I spread my legs a little wider as he rubbed my hole, teasing me. I gripped at his cock through his pants as I moaned with pleasure. "I'm going to cum."

Evan groaned a little bit louder as my little hand gripped his cock, making it throb. His fingers began rubbing deeper, pressing hard against my little button, as I thrust my hips up and down on his fingers. He curled them, touching the most sensitive spot inside of me and I felt my pussy begin to tighten around his fingers.

"Oh. Ohhhhhh... I'm cummmmmming." I moaned. "Mmmmmmm. God Evan, I'm cumming all over your fingers," I whispered, squeezing even tighter and rubbing through his pants, his fingers moving harder and faster, his eyes on my face as I squirmed and moaned.

"So fucking hot, Chloe."

I gasped for breath and opened my eyes, looking at him and then around the bar. Blushing. "Was that too loud?"

"Noooo," he reassured me. "Though I think the couple in the next booth are going to go fuck in the bathroom soon," he said joking, as his fingers slipped from my soaked pussy. "Don't be embarrassed, baby. That was so sexy... so hot."
