 “Are you sure you don’t want to go with us?” my way-too-perky wife asked as I exited the bathroom, still bleary-eyed at that hour of the morning.

“The only walking I want to do at this moment,” I told her, pleasantly, “is from here to the coffee maker. Thanks, though.” We were staying with her friends, Barbara and Patrick, at their place in Kenner, Louisiana and she and Patrick were going out for a morning walk. Barbara and I were more of the same mold when it came to mornings – coffee before anything. My wife and Patrick headed out the door while I checked our four-year-old son, who was still asleep, before heading for the kitchen.

I found Barbara, looking as awake as I felt, still in her nightshirt, drinking coffee at the breakfast bar in the kitchen. I poured myself a cup and sat across from her. I complimented her on the coffee and we commiserated about our spouses and their early-morning perkiness. We were both glad they were out burning off their energy. Barbara got up to refill her coffee and I admired her figure as she did. She was clearly braless under her nightshirt, her huge tits swaying as she moved, but I detected panty lines on her plentiful ass. No doubt about it, Barbara was a big girl, but in all the right places. She was definitely no cow, but still had plenty of meat on her bones. I could feel another part of me beginning to wake up.

“How long do you think they’ll be gone?” I asked as she sat back down. She glanced at the clock and guessed about 45 minutes.

“Why?” she asked, taking a sip of her coffee.

“I just have this crazy urge to fuck you,” I told her, staring deep into her green eyes. I thought she was going to shoot coffee out of her nose, she was so taken by surprise. She lowered her cup and just looked at me.

“Really?” she finally asked, sounding incredulous, “Just…right here in the kitchen?” 

“Sure,” I said, noting her nipples pressing out against her nightshirt. “We’ve got plenty of time.”

My eyes drifted back up to meet hers as she set her coffee cup down.

“Sure,” she said, “Okay.” I broke out in a grin and stood up, walking around to her side of the bar. Noting the bulge in my lounge pants, her eyes got wide. As I reached for the hem of her nightshirt and she raised herself up to allow me to lift it, she reached out to stroke my hardness. I got the hem of her nightshirt up around her waist and was grasping the waistband of her panties as she worked on the drawstring of my lounge pants. She sat down again as I got her panties below her ass and had my drawstring untied as I stepped back to slide her panties down her extended legs.

I held them up to my face and inhaled her musky scent before setting them on the counter. Stepping back toward her, I lowered my lounge pants to mid-thigh, my hard-on springing out. Barbara held the hem of her nightshirt near her waist, allowing me a look at her dark-blonde bush, as I brought the tip of my cock to meet her nether lips. She sucked in her breath as I pushed forward, slipping easily into her slick pussy. With a hand on each of her ass cheeks, I pulled myself completely into her, pausing to relish the sensation. I realized that I had my eyes closed and opened them to gaze into Barbara’s. I slowly started sliding in and out of her slippery, steamy pussy as I brought my lips to meet hers.

As I picked up the pace, fucking her with long, hard strokes, our tongues met and explored each other’s mouths. My hands slid up her back and around to feel her immense tits. I leaned back slightly to let my hands roam over them, feeling her hard nipples against my palms. She seemed to enjoy the attention to her tits, so I gently toyed with her nipples while continuing to fuck her hard. As her noises got more insistent, I was forced to abandon her tits and concentrate on giving her a good fuck. I leaned her back against the bar with my arms around her, reintroduced my tongue to her mouth and repeatedly pushed my dick into her as far as it would go.

My mouth against hers stifled her noises, except for the slurping of my cock churning in her juicy pussy, but I could still sense her impending orgasm as her body began to tense up. I kept fucking and sucking her tongue as she got closer and closer until finally I could feel her convulsing, including tremors through her pussy. I was feeling close myself, so I kept pumping right through her orgasm, enjoying all of the sensations on my cock. Finally, just as she seemed to be coming down, I pushed deep into her and let loose with a load of cum. I kept pumping her until I was empty, then collapsed onto her shoulder.

“Oh man, that was fucking great!” I said as I raised my head.

“Yeah,” Barbara said dreamily, “I definitely prefer this method of raising my heart rate in the morning.” Stepping back slightly, my shrinking cock slipped out of her as her hem dropped to block my view of her pussy. I pulled it up and took another look at her bush but continued to raise it until her breasts were exposed. They were magnificent. Her aureoles were about 2 ½ inches across and her nipples were as big as the tip of my pinkie. I couldn’t help but lean down and suck on each of them. Barbara moaned softly.

“You keep that up,” she told me, “you’ll have to fuck me again.” Before I could reply, she continued, “But you’re going to have to wait until I pee.” I backed up and started pulling up my lounge pants as she stood and let her nightshirt drop back into place, heading for the bathroom. I sat with my coffee again, reaching across the counter to pick up her panties. Just touching them, I could feel the blood trying to return to my flaccid organ. It would take more than that, though, before I was ready to go again. Barbara returned and pressed her big breasts against my back while reaching around into my pants for a brief stroke before sitting across from me again.

By now still only about half-an-hour had passed since our spouses had left for their walk, so there was actually potential for another quickie. Still fiddling with her panties, I admired Barbara’s nipples pressing against her nightshirt and remembered how fine her titties had looked. She knew what I was gazing at, so she lifted her nightshirt above her breasts and rested them on the countertop. As I reached over to touch her nipples again, I could definitely feel that my cock was beginning to wake up again. I played with her nipples while she closed her eyes and enjoyed it, opening them only when I stopped. She looked at me questioningly so I told her I was too far away to suck them. I was going to get up and move around to her, but she got up and came to me instead. Holding her nightshirt up with one hand, she put her boobs right in my face while her other hand dropped to my lap.

My first move was to take a tit in each hand and work on licking her aureoles and sucking her nipples. She moaned softly as my cock became more rigid under her attention. Recalling that she was still without her panties, I let one of my own hands drop between her thick thighs. Encountering her bush, I slipped my middle finger up and down her slippery slit until she finally broke the silence and suggested that since she was ready, she’d better help get me to complete readiness.

She dropped to her knees and took my lounge pants down with her. My cock still only half-heartedly greeted her, but made great strides toward full rigidity as her lips wrapped around it. As she slid her mouth up, she gently tugged my cock, pulling it closer to erection before sliding back down again. It took only a few trips up and down before I was sporting a steel rod. Taking my tool in her hand, Barbara gave my balls a tongue bath before standing again.

Turning her back to me, she backed her big ass toward my waving flagpole. I grabbed her by the hips as she reached between her legs to guide my cock into her waiting hole. She settled down onto my lap, taking my full length into her pussy. From her hips, my hands slid up to hold her tits as she started sliding up and down on my pole. I was hefting her tits and playing with her nipples, loving the feel of her pussy as it squeezed my dick just right. I felt her hand on my balls briefly before she started stroking her clit, eliciting soft moans from herself.

The stool was a little too tall for Barbara’s legs, making it difficult to get the leverage she needed to ride me, so I pushed it out from under me and, with both of us standing, fucked her from behind. She rested her head on her arm on top of the counter while the other hand remained between her legs. I continued to hang on to her big tits while pushing my cock deep into her hot pussy. Checking the clock, I knew we had to be careful, so I let go of her tits, grabbed her hips and began fucking for all I was worth. I could hear the occasional moan escape from Barbara, but she kept herself pretty quite despite her impending orgasm. She was pushing back against me as hard as I was slamming my hips into her ass. Finally, with a shove backward, she froze and I could again feel the tremors through her pussy as her body shook.

I continued to fuck her, even as she came down from her climax, until she said, “Wait, stop.” I did as she asked and she pulled away from me, leaving my shiny prick waving in the air. She lay down on the kitchen floor and pulled me toward her. I had to kick off my pants before I could straddle her chest. I placed by cock between her big boobs, which she then squeezed together, then I began pumping my cock in her smooth, soft cleavage. As the tip of my cock peeked out from between her boobs, she would lick it or take as much as she could in her mouth.

I was leaning over her, my hands on the floor on either side of her head, fucking her tits and enjoying every sensation in my happy cock. I had already been close while fucking her pussy, so it wasn’t too long before I felt my orgasm rising. Just as I was about to cum, I pulled my cock from between her tits, moved forward and plunged it into her waiting mouth. A couple of pumps into that hot, wet opening and I was spewing cum down her throat. She took my full length and swallowed every drop of cum I provided her.

When I was finally spent, I let out a long breath and looked down at Barbara with her lips wrapped around my shrinking cock. I had to chuckle as I imagined how much trouble we’d be in if we were caught in this position. I got up and pulled my pants back up while Barbara stood and let her nightshirt drop. Thinking about it for a second, she decided it would probably be a good idea to pull her panties back on as well, so she stepped into them. It was still another ten minutes or so before our spouses returned and by then we were back to drinking coffee at the breakfast bar.