 She craved adventure and passion she giggled to herself as she sat in the chair at the table designed for one. Her legs swung freely back and forth and she giggled again at herself. She always chose this table with the tall chair and the wood grain she so fondly traced her finger over. She whispered it a hello every Wednesday night at ten after 7. She would slide the chair around to allow a clear view of the tea hut and then she would raise to her tiptoes to get just the edge of her butt on the seat. Some shimmy and wiggles would finally place her butt where it belonged and her legs dangling above the wooden foot rest. She knew she looked silly, but refused to jump to get on the chair and the other tables had such a poor view.

She was not a tall girl 5 foot 3 is what her drivers license said but her doctors charts showed two inches shorter. She had never minded being short and didn't adopt the short person attitude. She was kind and a bit shy, at least until she got mad. Firecracker was her nickname through school and she smiled at the sweet memory from all those years ago. Where had the time gone?

"Hot and black," the barista confirmed. She looked to his eyes instead of the coffee. They were the most lovely green she had ever seen. So green in fact she had once asked him if they were contacts and was pleased to find out they weren't.

"Thank you, Erik," she smiled and stared. He was so used to the attention to his eyes from everyone that he barely noticed the staring anymore. They were his mothers eyes and the only thing she had ever given him.

"Food today?" he paused awkwardly and instantly frustrated. This woman had been in his tea hut every damn Wednesday for two years and he still could not get her to give up her name. She paid in cash, left good tips, flirted relentlessly and refused to budge on her name. Two years and the only thing he knew for sure was that she hated tea and to never put sugar in her coffee. He offered her once to just give him her name in place of paying. He had left a pen and paper on her table and upon clearing it found a twenty dollar bill and a note 'Corner Girl, at least that's what I hear you call me!' She had beautiful feminine handwriting all twirly and soft.

"Surprise me tonight, don't say Boo to me, surprise me with some delicious food," she smiled at their little game. "I am utterly starving."

"Steak it is."

"I will leave and never come back."

"Damn vegans," he shook his finger at her. "Never can take a joke."

"Tortured and murdered animals are not a joke to me," her eyebrows raised in defiance. He knew she was vegan, hell his whole restaurant was vegan, but he did love getting a rise out of her. He said nothing as he slunk away to the kitchen. He had already started her food, knowing she would want something sweet and savory followed by comfort food. She always started with her desert first, just in case she chocked on it and died. "Don't want to die eating broccoli." she would repeat.

Joe, his chef, pointing to a corner, "When are you going to ask Corner Girl out? You have been wanting to be ball deep in her for years. When are you going to make your move?"

"When she gives me her damn name," Erik barked. "I know nothing about her, she showed up opening night and keeps showing up. That's all I know. What am I supposed to do, Hey Corner Girl wanna go out and do something?"

"Well that does sound a lot better than, Hey Corner Girl wanna let me in your pants?" Joe ducked as Erik threw a wooden spoon at him. "Foods up!"

Erik delivered a molten lava chocolate cake to her table and a steaming vegetable pot pie. They were both ones she ordered frequently so he knew it was a good choice. He sat them on the table and feeling defeated already tonight just walked away. He did want to date her but he knew it was no use, she would never let him in.

She watched him deflate as he walked away and she knew Joe must be giving him a hard time, again. Stupid Joe was going to ruin all of this. She knows he tried to go through her phone once and could be caught staring over her shoulder when typing on her computer. He had even cornered her in the parking lot one night when she was walking home. Joe was rough and a bear of a man. She shied away from him as much as possibly human. He scared her and she did not like being scared.

She took a deep breathe and pulled out her laptop, she exhaled the negative thoughts as she opened it. Work time she thought as she clicked on the file named 'Surprising the Barista.' She giggled to herself, if only Erik knew the dirty things she wrote about him and her. How she wrote elegantly of bending him over the shorter tables and fucking him with a black strap on. How she left here every Wednesday night with her panties drenched and heart racing. How the first thing she would do after getting home is strip naked and ram a dildo into her pulsing pussy.

"Refill?"

Fuck she thought and jumped nearly out of her seat. She was already so into her story that she did not notice his closeness or her empty coffee cup.

"Yes, of course," she smiled, trying to shake off the scare.

"Sorry I didn't mean to surprise you. How was dinner?" he didn't want to leave so quickly. He could almost read the words on her screen by looking at the window reflection behind her.

"Delicious as always. Your pot pie tasted of home and happier times and that lava cake made my taste buds dance. You really should get a critic in here and get your name in the papers, bring in more customers."

"I like the quiet this affords me," he confided. "It allows me to spend more one on one time with the customers." His smile touched his eyes as she blushed. She really was beautiful. He knew he would be dreaming of that smile tonight as he stroked his cock to attention. 'Better if she was stroking it' he thought. 'Just ask her out stupid' he repeated in his head over and over and over.

"So I," he started, dropping his eyes to the floor.

Ding.

The bell by the cash register had been rung. 'Damn it' he screamed in his head, walking away to help the customer needing to pay.

She watched him walk away and wondered to herself what his lips tasted like. How soft and warm his hands would feel caressing her breasts. How big his cock was and if he knew how to use it. How hard he would spank her. He caught her eye and she quickly looked back to her computer grinning inwardly as she continued her current story of them in the walk in freezer.

"Closing time," Joe bellowed out, an hour later. "Go home."

She quickly shutdown and closed her laptop and stuffed it in her over sized purse. She had received this purse when she moved away from home all those years ago and it was starting to show its wear and tear. Coins fell from the bottom just to highlight its age. She bent and picked them up and caught Erik gawking at her pleasantly round ass.

She knew she was pretty and had the curves in the correct places but she never believed she had sex appeal. She had been bullied as a kid about her height and had always measured her beauty by it. Who would willingly have sex with a short elf as she remembered being called. She picked up the last penny and locked eyes with a busted Erik. He turned away quickly and she stood and walked out the door.

Lost in her own thoughts she walked the 11 blocks home. It was such a beautiful night and just the perfect temperature. She dropped the handful of coins into the homeless mans cup while exchanging 'God bless yous.' She shuffled her feet through the drying leaves on the concrete and allowed her mind to wander to Erik's eyes.

She knew he would one day break and ask her out. She would tell him no the first time but yes when he asked her the second time. They would go to dinner and a movie, he would pay and with extreme sexual tension he would drive her home. She would bring him up to her loft apartment full of sex toys and swings and a giant king bed. He would run away or they would fuck and fuck hard for a week or two and she would grow bored and have to move on again.

Same story, different man. She always wore them out too quickly. Although, she thought, this one had been the funnest to catch so far. She was shy outside of her apartment, but once inside she was the dominant and she loved every minute of it.

The week flew by as it always does. Deadlines, emails, horny thoughts and sore wrists from typing. She had no commute to work as everything was submitted through email and she giggled to herself when she gave the name Kandi Sticke and the editor believed her. She typed all day, often in the nude and enjoyed the view of the city from her balcony, also often in the nude. She wrote more sex scenes between characters sitting in her over sized beach lounger, warming her lower lips by the sun than anywhere else.

She knew the old man across the street got a good look from time to time, but she really didn't mind. She was happy to make his last years a little funner than most.

Tuesday night was all about the bubble bath, beer and big purple. Big purple vibrated and wiggled and stuck to the chair or the tub or she had found out recently, the coffee table. She threw on some old country music and closed her laptop. Work was over, time for some stress relief fun. She ran her tub, as hot as she could get the water, tossed in a bubble pack and teased her clit just a little as it filled. The story she was writing had her wet and her clit was begging for relief.

She stepped slowly into the tub, one toe at a time. Then so very slowly lowered her ass into the water. God it felt good until it hit her pussy, she pulled back up a little, took a deep breathe and lowered herself all the way in. She got used to the sting of the water quickly and began to lean backwards. 'What the hell kind of magic is it that the tub can be full of hot ass water and the back still ice cold' she thought as she arched her back away from the cold tub. Slowly she lowered her back onto the tub and began to relax.

Her beer was on the table beside her and so was big purple. She grabbed the open beer bottle and took a long deep swig. She loved import beer and felt fancy drinking it. She drank again and nearly finished the bottle. She hung onto the beer as she raised her feet out of the water and placed them on the cold wall. She was already sweating and needed to cool down a bit. She slipped the bottom of the almost empty beer bottle into the water and rubbed its coolness over her clit and in between her pussy lips. The cold felt good but the warmth felt amazing. She pulled the beer from the water and finished drinking it. She tossed it to the rug on the floor and sat up long enough to grab a second beer from the ice bucket next to her tub.

She took a drink and teased her own nipples with it. First the right perked up and then the left. She slid her free hand to her clit and slipped a finger on each side of it. The small circular motions on her nipples soon matched the motion of her fingertips on her clit. She drank from the beer and slid her hand further in between her lips. Her second finger dipped slowly into her wetness and out again. Just a tease before she slid her two middle fingers in as far as she could go. She wiggled them inside herself and a small moan leaked from her own lips.

"Slow down," she whispered to herself and sat the cold bottle on her clit as she wiped sweat from her forehead. She was always in such a rush. She lifted the beer from her clit and moaned again at the feeling of the warmth rush onto her sex. Fuck she needed to cum so badly tonight. It had been two weeks since the neighbor had gone on vacation and her other prospects had become to needy. She just wanted a couple men to fuck when she got the feeling, nothing more.

She sat down her second empty beer and teased the head of big purple with her finger.

"Come on in," she said out loud and turned on its remote. The vibration was always her favorite and she slowly teased it along her clitoris. She moaned at its movements and slammed it into her pussy. She needed hard and fast tonight. Deep and rough. She sloshed water from the tub, she pinched her own nipples and softly called out directions for Erik to do to her. She slid big purple in and out of herself for minutes then she turned it upside down so the fake balls where closest to her clit and pushed it in deep. She held it there and with her free hand massaged her clitoris.

She moaned loudly, sank into her tub and held her breath. Her orgasm was huge, her body tingled, her ears rang and she nearly sank past her nose into the water. She held on for the ride. She loved the feeling of coming down from a good cum session. She waited patiently for her ears to quit ringing before slowly pulling big purple from her now swollen vagina.

She knew some girls did not admit to liking to masturbate. Why she thought? She always got it done just the way she wanted it. No hassle, no walk of shame, no lies when it was all over. She liked to take care of herself and sometimes made her dates watch and then leave with no relief for themselves, but only the ones she was mad at.

Erik would be different. She planned to make Erik her little fuck doll and make sure he enjoyed it. Tomorrow was Wednesday and it was time to quit playing.