 It had started out like any other night online, casual chat with the usual friends, until he wandered into the room. We started out with all the usual niceties, i.e. age, location, occupation, and of course, what do you look like. Much to my amazement, he lived less than 15 minutes from me. We spent the next three hours chatting away, flirting like mad and toying with the idea of actually meeting. He had piqued my interest and I finally mustered the courage to give him my phone number.

I sat waiting for the phone to ring with baited breath, would his voice be even half as sexy as his attitude? The phone rang and it was him. What a voice, confident, expressive; silky and smooth. In a word, sexy. My mind instantly began to wander, as it often does, wondering if the man could possibly match the voice. This being Friday, we decided to meet the next afternoon for coffee at The Waterside, at 3:00pm. 

I spent the entire morning Saturday trying to choose just what to wear, what makeup and how to wear my hair. I decided on the always appropriate little black dress, which buttons down the front to the waist and shows just the right amount of cleavage. I thought heck, if you've got it girl, flaunt it. My tan was doing pretty well, so I opted for just a little mascara and lipstick for makeup and I let my long, curly, light brown hair fall where it may. I stepped back to glance in the mirror before heading out the door and was quite pleased with what I saw reflected back at me.

After spending so much time debating my appearance I was running late and hoping he wouldn't get there early and decide to leave if I was a few minutes late. I almost ran the two blocks from the parking garage to Waterside, both for fear of being late and fear of losing my nerve and running in the other direction. But I had come this far and had to see where it might lead.

I ordered my coffee and the settled into a chair to scan the crowd and wait. Would I recognize him from his description? Could he really look even half as good as I had imagined? Then he appeared, I knew in an instant that it was him, he looked like a character straight out of my wildest fantasy. Tall, lithe, athletic build, light brown hair and piercing hazel eyes. My heart began to leap from my chest as I tried to catch my breath.

As he ordered his coffee I could see him anxiously scanning the crowd, looking for me. He didn't se me at first and sat down at a table not far from my own. I glanced over in his direction and knew that he felt my eyes upon him. Sensing his nervousness, and my inability to sit still at this point, I decided to make the first move and the introductions. 

I slowly rose from my chair and strolled over behind him, gently placing my hand on his shoulder. "Kevin?" I asked. "Yes, Diana?" he answered as he turned his face towards me. As our gazes met I found myself staring into the most soulful pair of hazel eyes I had ever seen. He stood, shook my hand, gave it a gentle kiss and invited me to sit down.

The next few hours were spent walking through the park and talking, laughing and flirting like we'd known each other for years instead of the few short hours it had actually been. We decided to take a stroll away from the park and down along the waterfront. 

I stopped to gaze out over the railing at the moon reflecting on the water, it was beautiful this evening. Kevin came up behind me encircling my waist with his hands. It took me by surprise and a small gasp escaped from my lips, how I longed to feel this man's hands on my bare skin! 

He turned me around and tilted my face up to meet his gaze. In his eyes I could see my desires were reciprocated. He slowly began to run his fingers through my hair, pulling my face closer to his, until our lips met in their own passionate embrace. Slowly at first, our tongues danced, tasting and exploring each other. Then as the urgency began to increase his hands slid from my hair and down my body. He deftly slid one hand inside the front of my dress and began to knead my breasts. As his nimble fingers found my nipple and began to squeeze, a gentle moan escaped my lips and my hands took on a mind of their own, no longer able to control my desire to touch this man. 

As my hand found its way to the growing desire between his legs he let out a low groan and started to pull away from me. I looked up with obvious surprise and confusion. He said, "Wait, not here" and took me by the hand, leading me down to a little semi-secluded alcove along the end of the boardwalk. It was lined with park benches surrounded by shrubbery, which would provide us with a modicum of privacy.

Kevin sat down on one of the benches, pulling me into his lap. I straddled his lap and began to slowly grind my pussy against his growing manhood, slowly losing my self-control in the spell that his eyes had somehow some how cast upon me. 

He gave my waist a gentle squeeze and slid his hands down my thighs and up under the hem of my dress. A soft giggle escaped my lips at the look of surprise on his face upon discovering that I was not wearing panties. The combination of the cool breeze and the warmth of his strong hands on my bare flesh were intoxicating.

As we began to kiss again, even more passionately than before, I could feel his desire rising with the bulge in his pants. As he was unbuttoning the front of my dress I reached down and released his raging hard on from the confines of his jeans. As he went to take my breast into his mouth I slowly pulled away and stood in front of him, admiring the view. This man rivaled a Greek God. 

I knelt down between his knees and took his cock in my hand, teasing him at first with a feathery touch before allowing myself the pleasure of tasting him. I slowly began to run my tongue up and down the underside of his shaft, slowing to trace teasing circles around the head. As I looked up I saw his eyes close as his head went back, obviously enjoying the sensations I was creating. 

I picked up the pace a little and began to nibble and suck on the most sensitive parts of his manhood and a sigh escaped his lips. He began to run his fingers through my hair, trying to pull me closer as I teasingly took his balls in my mouth and began to lick and suck them. While I was enjoying my feast, I let my hands travel up his chest to his nipples which I began to tease and pinch while still worshiping his cock and balls. I could feel he was getting close as he began to arch towards me and his breathing increased and became erratic. I wanted to feel him inside of me.

I stood up and straddled his lap again, this time holding myself just above his cock. He placed his hands on my hips and tried to force me onto his cock, but I wouldn't allow him to do it. This was going to be done my way. I took his cock in my hand and slowly began to rub it up and down my slit, without letting it penetrate my pussy. 

I was already so hot I wet that I could barely stand the aching need I had to feel him inside of me, to feel him fill me, but I wanted this to last. While I was teasing his cock he took my breasts in his hands and began to knead them and tug on my nipples, which sent what felt like molten lava coursing through my veins. As I slowly began to lower my pussy onto his waiting cock he took one of my rock hard nipples into his mouth and began to slide his teeth over it, all the while teasing it with his tongue. I was nearing the point of no return and wanted to take him over the edge with me.

As I rocked back and forth, gyrating on his pulsating cock I arched to take him further into me. He let out a moan and began to thrust his hips up to meet mine. I leaned back, reached behind me and began to fondle his balls with one hand, while using my other hand to massage my clit. He grabbed my ass with both hands and began to set the pace for my ride. I leaned forwards to kiss and nibble on his neck and he moaned to me that he was going to cum. I told him that I wanted him to fill me, that I wanted to feel that cock of his explode in my hot wet pussy. 

We came together in a mind-blowing explosion, a merging of souls. I fell forward collapsing against his chest, reveling in the combination of feelings I was experiencing. The cool night breeze caressing our hot sweaty skin was like gentle teasing kisses.

We had forgotten where we were until we heard a nervous giggle coming from the other side of the shrubbery. We quickly dressed and headed back towards Waterside, laughing and giggling ourselves, at what the other couple had just heard and possibly seen. 

We decided to stop at Reggie's for a drink before leaving and we agreed that our first experience with meeting someone from online was definitely an experience that neither of us would ever forget. I almost fell to the floor with laughter when he asked me if I would be willing to see him again! We agreed to meet again the next day for a trip to the beach. This time it would be fun in the sun and surf.