 It all started innocently enough. I went to the local coffee house to brush up on my engineering class. This was a tough semester and I had to get all the studying in that I could. This was the local hang out and I knew that everyone would be studying the same thing, but would also be in a more relaxed atmosphere than just staying at home and being distracted, or being at the library surrounded by the wall of silence. At least here we could chat amongst ourselves if the chance or desire arrived. If I was going to have to study, I might as well be comfortable doing it, and I could always enjoy the local eye candy. 

I had my coffee and my book and was set for the night of easy studying. I must have gotten a bit too relaxed, because, well lets say I must have fallen asleep, because the next thing I know I was being bombarded with these little marshmallows. You know the type, the same kind that they serve in cocoa, or hot chocolate. At first I couldn't tell where they were coming from, but by the time the 5th or 6th one hit me, I had narrowed it down. 

There she was, from around the corner of a bookshelf, laughing and giggling. I had no idea who this gal could be, but she had some nerve, throwing marshmallows at someone who was dozing off. I brushed the marshmallows off my shirt and off my books, trying to be somewhat suave about it, and stood up. As I approached her, I couldn't help but feel she was checking me out. I know, I know, I know, I am probably being just overconfident, but it felt good. This was a woman who for whatever reason decided to mess with me, and it felt good. Making my way across the room, she smiled as I approached her, I knew it was something the way she flashed her eyes and patted the empty cushion next to her motioning for me to sit down. 

After she finally stopped giggling, she introduced herself as Margaret. I had no idea what was going on, but I liked her little game. I thought it was cute, and I will admit it was very flattering to have this beautiful young lady flirting with me. This sexy marshmallow-wielding woman not only was flattering me, but I was getting noticeably excited, as was she, indicated by the subtle tips protruding through the thin sweater she wore. 

She whispered softly into my ear, "Let's go somewhere so that we can, um, study each other, um with each other more privately."

The next few minutes were like a blur, we walked a few blocks, to what I am guessing, as she had a key, was her apartment. She told me she was going to take a quick shower and told me to make myself at home. Looking around, the apartment was well kept, very neat and organized, just as she was when I saw her. Being the nosy person that I am, I went over to the bookcase to see what my new "friend" was reading to see what her interest were hoping to find out something else about her. To my surprise, amongst the Shakespeare, Dickens, were also various books by Anne Rice, including the "Beauty Series" Maybe this innocent looking lady, was not so innocent at all. 

Looking down at my watch, I noticed she had been in the shower for about 15 minutes, what could be taking so long. I admit curiosity got the best of me as I walked towards the back, I could hear her singing something from the shower, and the sound of her voice drew me closer like a siren on the seas. Knowing I really shouldn't, I couldn't help myself as I peeked around the door and saw one of the most beautiful things in my life. There was this most beautiful woman under the glistening stream of the shower. The shower room walls were clear glass so I enjoyed the full view of her body as the droplets of water streamed down her body. She was taking her sweet time, lathering her breast with the body soap, her soft sponge slowly spreading the soap over her breasts, barely touching her rock hard nipples. 

She must have known I was there, because she stopped singing and started touching herself even more seductively. Her hands working down under her breasts, down her sides, working the lather down to her inner thigh where she let out such a soft moan. Walking closer, I unbuttoned my shirt, slid my pants down and stepped out of them staring the whole time at her. With her smile, I felt her invite me into the warmth of the shower and her arms. Not a word was spoken as I stepped in behind her, the shower head massaging my back as I stood behind her. I leaned my body into hers, feeling her soft skin against mine. My hands cupped her hips and moved forward and upward along her stomach. Pulling her into me as I slid my hands up beneath her breast, her head tilting back exposing her neck which I kissed gently. My lips glided along her neck with the same gentleness that was coming from my fingers as they ran across her hard nipples, up her breasts and now sliding across her arms. 

Feeling her buttocks pressing against me, my already stiff member grew even harder, filling the crevice in her lovely ass. After sliding my hands back down her body in the same slow, gentle manner, I reached beyond my starting point to her inner thighs. I could feel the heat coming from her as she pushed harder into me. Both knowing what we wanted, she leaned forward as I held her hips. My hard cock pressed against her freshly shaven mound, the tip pressed against her tiny lips, ready to indulge this new pleasure.

Feeling her hips pushing against me in a rhythm, it was my time to tease just a bit as I only allowed the tip of my penis to enter her. This drove her wild, her hips bucking before me, but I was holding her hips where she could not take me fully, I could hear the whimpers of her wanting more, this only encouraged what I was doing. Reaching down with my left hand I began to rub her hard as rock clit while sliding the tip of my cock in and out of her velvet lined pussy. Our moans grew louder and louder and neither of us could take it anymore. I thrust the full length of my cock into her, feeling her envelop me, holding her hips against me, I slid out and began the slow rhythm of making love to this stranger. Who would have thought that this would have started with her throwing marshmallows at me while I was dozing. Hell this could be a dream, but I didn't care right now. Feeling my cock sliding in and out of her, my hands moving to where I am now cupping her breast, if this was a dream, I didn't want to wake up. 

The intensity grew, and our rhythm increased together, her face against the shower wall, my pounding into her beautiful body, the pressure was building inside of us both. I could feel her moans and shivers as her lips tightened around me. Neither of us could take it anymore as we both began to orgasm at the same instant, one final thrust set the mixture of the juices that were freely flowing from both of us. Her clenching my cock over and over, as if she was pulling it deeper. I turned her around and kissed her passionately, knowing that this was an incredible experience that I would never forget. 

She must have sensed that I was about to speak, because she raised her finger to my lips and leaned to my ear, "Shhh...not a word," her very breath sending shivers up and down my spine instantly making me hard again, "Let me get you cleaned up."

Reaching behind me, she grabbed the soft sponge she had been using earlier, and put a small dollop of body wash on it. She made a motion as if she wanted me to turn around and the only thing that came to my mind as I turned and faced the wall was "well I guess its true about scratching another's back." I felt her gentleness as she began to work the lather into my shoulders and up my left arm. I could feel her nipples pressing into my back as she worked down my left arm and up my right arm. This was absolutely incredible. 

I let out a soft moan myself this time, must be something in the water, as she began to reach around from behind and lather up my chest, working down my stomach. Just when I thought she was going to wash my throbbing cock, which I was sure would lose it at her touch, she moved the sponge again to my shoulders. She lathered up my back, working the sponge along my sides until she got to the top of my buttocks, then I heard it. The same sound I had heard at the coffee shop, this could prove to be interesting. After a slight pause, I felt her resume her lathering of my body, this time she was using nothing but her hands, massaging my ass, spreading it at the same time. I felt the tip of her finger slide down the crack of my ass, and just as I was about to protest, her hand slid further and she was now cupping my balls, massaging the lather into my sac. 

Collapsing against the wall, my knees buckling from this pure ecstasy, her hands steadied my legs as her breasts slid down my back, across my ass and were now pressing against the back of my legs. With my head hanging down I could see her gentle fingers using the sponge again, this time to lather up my feet and working up my legs. Moving from the front to the back to ensure that she didn't miss a single portion of my skin, she again worked to just the edge of my groin. This was killing me, my cock was throbbing uncontrollably and didn't think I could take any more teasing. Thankfully, her hand reached around gripped the base as she took her other hand and began to lather my cock up. Slowly but steadily she began to stroke me, moving her left hand from the base of my cock down to my balls. Just as I was ready to explode once again she stopped, I could no longer feel her touch, what had happened? As I was about to turn around, I was met with her hands holding my shoulders still, again she leaned to my ear, sending the same shivers as before, and whispered

"Shh, just trust, relax...and enjoy" 

This sultry voice was followed by the same giggle as before. I couldn't get over that giggle, there was something about it that made me just feel good to my very essence. I felt her hand reach across my shoulder, and I watched it as she grabbed the showerhead and removed it from its cradle. Working the still hot shower stream across my body, I could feel the lather working as smoothly as if it were her own fingers across my body. She continued this graceful rinse until she was rinsing the final suds off of my feet. Returning the showerhead to its cradle, she turned me around, kissed me and smiled. 

"Oops, we forgot to wash your hair," giggling as she said it, "we can't have that." "Wait here, I will be right back" she said rushing out of the shower. 

Standing there in awe as I saw her walking past me through the now open shower door, streams of water sliding down her back as she walked away. In what seemed like an eternity, but was more than likely only a few seconds, she returned with a opened armed chair. 

This definitely made my curiosity grow. "What in the world are you" I started to ask, but again I was interrupted with that same giggle and smile. 

Once again her finger touched my lips as she said "just trust me, sit down, and enjoy" 

This time, I took her finger in my mouth as suckled her finger for a moment, this surprised her as was evident from her blushing cheeks. 

She sat me down on this open armed cushioned seat and stood before me. Watching her, she let the water run down her breasts as she began to lather her own body, just as she had mine, washing every inch of her beautiful skin. After this incredible show, I just wanted to take her over and over, making the same beautiful, passionate love as we had before. Beginning to stand, I was met with her hands on my shoulders and a wicked little smile

"Didn't I tell you to sit there?" 

Going against everything I had ever done, I sat there, almost if under her spell. She removed the showerhead again from the cradle, and began to massage my scalp with it. Stepping around behind me, my head was now cradled between her breasts. She returned the showerhead and began working the shampoo in. Feeling her fingers against my scalp, the gentle, but firm touch, this woman was absolutely incredible. Suddenly I was pulled from the erotic state of bliss, by a sound of disappointment 

"This just won't work, I can't do this anymore." 

"Wh-wh-what do you mean? What's wrong?" I stuttered in disbelief, this can't be happening to me. 

"Oh nothing silly," she laughed, "just this angle isn't working for me." 

She walked around in front of me, leaned in, and asked with a giggle that I know loved to hear, 

"Mind if I get a better 'position'?"

I sat there in silence, not able to respond verbally, but opened my arms as I welcomed her body onto mine. Straddling my leg, I could feel the heat that was still radiating from her still swollen lips as they slid across my leg. When she had moved as far as she could, she raised her hips, reached down and held my cock as she lowered down on me. Gripping the back of the chair, she began to ride me, meeting my thrust with a force of her own, engulfing me, as if she was trying to make me a part of her, to join each other into one sensual, sexual being. Pulling her hips down on me, leaning forward sucking on her nipples, I felt her arch her back as we both exploded again in unison, just as before. Holding her tightly against me, still inside of her, feeling the quivers of the after effects, we kissed. Reaching above me again, she took the showerhead and began to rinse my hair, the whole time I am still inside of her wonderful body. She rinsed us both free of the lather of the shampoo and sweat that had again built up before lifting herself off of me. 

Taking my hand, we stepped out of the shower room where she toweled herself off, then it was my turn to enjoy her attention again as she took care of me. Taking my hand, she led me to the king sized bed which was already turned down. Lying down, she patted the bed, just as she had the seat in the coffee house, needing no prompting, I lay beside her. She curled up in my arms, pulling them across her chest almost as a blanket, turned her head, gave me a final passionate kiss, and whispered "good night lover."