 I was on my lunch break and a mere 5 minute walk from my office as I pushed the door open. When I walked into the coffee shop I immediately started to scan the room. There were a couple of businessmen to my left, an older group of ladies next to them and a young couple sharing little cakes to my right. In the corner is where I spotted you, you were already watching me and as soon as I looked at you our eyes locked.

I made my way between the tables never breaking eye contact. When I reached you, you broke eye contact briefly to look me up and down. As instructed I was wearing a white blouse, my very long hair pinned up into a bun, Pencil knee length skirt and black heels. I could have easily fitted in with the business men that were now behind me. 

Underneath however I was wearing a matching lace bra and panties and black stockings and suspender belt. You gave me an approving look and stood to give me a chase kiss on the cheek. 

"Coffee." you asked with a smile.

"Please."

As you walked off to the counter I tried to find a comfortable position to sit in so that I could face you in the corner booth. The seat was the bench sort that went around in an L shape, with the table placed adjacent to both sides. I tried crossing my legs but could feel the skirt rise up and the top of my stockings on display. So instead I put my knees together and pulled on the edge of my skirt.

As you returned the smirk on your face indicated that you had been watching my little struggle. I rolled my eyes and shook my head as you placed the two cups of coffee on the table and then walked around to resume your seat. 

Both of us were sat near to the corner but I had my back to the room whereas you could see everything going on over my shoulder. 

We sipped our coffee and chatted about everyday things for a few minutes -- just as I was starting to relax I felt you place your hand on my leg just above the knee. This movement was hidden from the rest of the room by the fact that I had my back to the room and the table was slightly overlapping the seats but it didn't stop me from having a quick look over my shoulder. 

You rubbed your fingers very gently back and forth while still chatting. It took me a second but I managed to get my thoughts back on track and joined back in the conversation.

As your fingers moved back and forth they gradually made their way underneath the hem of my skirt and up towards my thigh. Your hand slipped between my legs and nudged them slightly indicating that I needed to open them. I did so and was very conscious that my skirt rose up slightly.

When the back of your hand touched the front of my panties I stopped mid sentence and held my breath.

"You were saying?"

"I, umm ..yes..." 

We carried on talking while you gently rubbed me through my panties -- I could already feel them getting wet and yet I knew there was more to come.

Your hand came back around to my thigh and found the edge of my panties, amazingly as you slipped your hand inside and found your way between my lips you still managed to keep the conversation going. 

I think it was at this point as you slipped a finger inside me that I gave up trying to talk or listen, I could feel my heart beating faster and as much as I tried I could not control my breathing. Your finger trust in and out and you quickly added a second. An involuntary moan escaped my mouth and I saw you quickly look over my shoulder to see if anyone had heard.

You moved your fingers up to my clit and you used your fingers to make small circles. The feeling was amazing and I could already feel that familiar stir in the pit of my stomach. You quickly replaced your fingers with your thumb and while your thumb was busy teasing my clit you trust two fingers inside of me ...teasing me, fucking me.

You leant forward and whisper in my ear "Come for me" -- My eyes widen as I realised I am about to do just that -- Your month is quickly on my mine to mask the moan as the orgasm takes over and I come with a shudder that reaches from head to toe.

It takes a minute for me to come back down to earth and I feel a sudden lost as you remove your hand ...but you kiss me gently on the lips and whisper "Thank you."

You give me a minute to recover and then we both stand and make our way to the door -- I take a brief look around and realise that amazingly nobody was aware of what had just happened.

What an amazing way to spend a lunch break.