 There he sat, the most exquisite specimen of man I had seen in a long time. There was just something about his look that gave me a tingle in between my legs. He was slowly sipping his coffee and reading the sports section of the USA Today. 

As I sat there drinking my orange juice and nibbling on my muffin, I wondered if such a man would have any interest in me at all. I didn't think I could possibly be his type. He must have felt me staring, and looked my direction. He caught my gaze, and our eyes met. Something came over me, and I felt incredibly brazen just then. I flashed him my most dazzling smile, and to my delight, he smiled back. 

He went back to reading, and I went back to my muffin for a minute. Something about him made me want to look again. So there I was staring once more. He again caught me, and this time, we lingered a bit longer. 

"Stop it," I told myself, "You are probably creeping him out, rather than turning him on."

So, I went back to my muffin, and tried to concentrate on the magazine laid out on my table. The next thing I knew, there was this beautiful man, standing before me. 

"Hello," he said. 

God his voice was as sexy as the rest of him. That alone made me quiver more. I returned his hello with one of my own, and asked him to sit down, with another flash of my pearly whites. He obliged me and took the chair across from me.

Still not knowing where all the confidence was coming from, I told him I thought he was damned sexy. He smiled and said that he noticed me the minute I walked in the front door. 

"Is he serious?" I thought to myself, all the while, the excitement growing inside me. 

"Would you have dinner with me?" he asked. I thought for a minute, and I decided that I didn't want to wait that long to have a piece of him. I definitely knew that is what I wanted from him. 

"Could we skip dinner and go straight for desert?" I asked with a devilish look in my eyes. 

He raised his eyebrows slightly and replied, "I don't think I have ever had a more perfect offer."

We arranged to meet each other at the hotel near my office at about 5:30. I insisted on taking care of the room since it was my suggestion, besides, I had a connection there, and the manager owed me a favor, so I was sure that I could get a freebie. I didn't tell him that, however. I didn't want to look completely cheap. Especially since he said he would bring the wine.

I arrived a little early and got checked in and settled. We had exchanged cell phone numbers, so I called him to give him the room number, so he wouldn't have to inquire at the front desk. He knocked on the door at precisely 5:30. Damn, hot as hell and prompt? I was so turned on, I doubted I would need any wine.

I was right about not needing wine. As soon as he entered and the door closed, I knew I had to devour him. I grabbed the wine in his hand and set it on the table beside the door. Then I looked deep into his eyes with all the lust I had building in me. He took my cue and placed his mouth hard on mine. I opened my mouth a little and let his tongue slip inside. His hand reached up and lightly brushed my left breast. He must have been testing the waters, and when I moaned in approval, he placed his hand fully on my breast. 

Continuing our embrace, he rubbed my breasts through my thin shirt and bra. I wanted him to touch my bare skin, so I stepped back from the kiss and ripped off my shirt and bra. There I stood in front of him naked from the waste up. He smiled in approval, and once again moved toward me. Placing both hands on my tits, he gave each one a little squeeze. Then he took each nipple between his fingers and twisted ever so slightly. I cried out then as he seemed to know just what to do to make me completely crazy for him.

He gave me his tongue again, and this time, I sucked on it just a little at first, and when I felt his excitement grow with my touch, I sucked a little harder. 

He pulled away for a breath and said, "Damn, you have found the thing I love the most." 

I replied, "So have you. I am so fucking wet right now." 

"I want to feel," he said. Then he reached for the button on my pants, and before I knew it, they were around my ankles along with my panties. I felt his big fingers graze my pussy lips. 

"Mmmmmm," was all I could muster as a response. 

I took my pants and underwear the rest of the way off, and tossed them aside. Then he knelt before me and looked intently at my pussy. His fingers were there again, and he found my clit and began to rub it gently. Then he found my slippery hole and inserted his thick finger inside. 

"God, I want your mouth on me, " I told him.

He moved me to the bed so that my legs wouldn't buckle underneath of me as he began to pleasure my clit with his tongue. Wow, did he ever know what he was doing. The only other times that I am generally this happy with oral sex is when I am with a woman. Someone has obviously been a great teacher to him at some point in his life. I may have to find out who and send her a thank you note.

Flicking his tongue over my clit and in and out of my pussy was sending me to new heights. I moaned and writhed my body beneath his face. He used just the right amount of pressure as he gently sucked on my clit. Again, he stuck a thick finger in my pussy. 

"More," I told him, "give me 2 fingers." He did so, and they filled my tight wet pussy just right. 

"I don't want you to cum this way," he told me. 

"Then you had better stop now," was my reply, "Besides, I do believe it is your turn."

Slipping off his pants, he then stood before me so that I could admire God's handiwork. My Lord, he is exquisite. His erection stood before me, 10 inches of mocha chocolate glory. I had never seen girth as wide as his, and the thought of all that manhood inside of me made my pussy tingle again, and spew a little more sweet juice.

I slid forward and took the tip of his cock in my mouth. He moaned in approval as I sucked just the tip first. Then I took my mouth off him and played up and down the massive shaft of him with my tongue. Since I wasn't holding on to him, his cock bounced up and down with each lick that I delivered. I was surprised at how hard he already was, but also excited that he must have felt the same attraction to me, as I did to him.

I took his cock in my mouth again, and this time grabbed the base with my hand. I slowly worked the tip a bit at first, and then gradually began to take more of him in my mouth. Eventually, I had swallowed him. 

"Ooooohhhhh," he cried, "God, you are amazing." 

I moved my head back and slowly removed his cock from my mouth. Then I repeated the process over again, this time, letting him hold me there for a good minute. When he let me go, I quickly took my mouth off, and caught a welcome breath. I could tell he loved to hear me choking just a bit. Taking him in my mouth again, I moved his cock in and out of it. I heard his moans get stronger and stronger and I continued to ravish his member.

"Do you want me to fuck you now?"he asked.

"Yes," I answered weakly.

He pushed me back on the bed and parted my legs wide. He let me have the tip of his cock in my pussy, and I cried out with pleasure. 

"Slow," he said, "I am going to go so slow, you will be begging for all of me." 

"What if I already am?" I asked him. 

He smiled his only response to my question and just continued his torture. Penetrating me just about and inch at a time made my pussy clench tighter around his cock. It was the most glorious thing to feel those 10 inches sliding their way into my hole

"Are you going to beg for me to fuck you?" he asked. 

I looked longingly and feverishly into his eyes, and that was all he needed. He pounded the rest of his throbbing hot cock in my pussy and found a rhythm that I quickly matched. We rocked and gyrated and he shoved his dick in me harder and harder. 

An animal-like cry escaped my lips. "Fuck my tight pussy," I growled. 

"You want my dick?" he asked. 

"I want it all," was the reply.

I reached my hand down to my clit and rubbed it for added ecstacy. He lifted my legs onto his shoulders and my hips rose to meet his again. His balls made slapping noises against my ass, as he drove himself deeper and deeper in my hole. He was by far the most incredible fuck I have ever had in my life. He knew just how to move his hips to give me the right amount of pressure on my g-spot. I could feel a mind-blowing orgasm building up inside of me.

"I want you to come for me," he told me. "I want to feel that hot pussy squeezing my dick." 

This sent me closer to the edge. I was almost there, but I wanted him to come with me. 

"Are you almost there, I am just about to come all over your big dick!" I said. 

He told me not to worry about him, he told me when he felt me coming, he would be there with me. 

He said to me, "Just let it go." 

I closed my eyes then, and suddenly, it exploded in me. 

I looked back into his eyes as I yelled, "I'm coming!" 

My hips bucked and writhed as I experienced the most intense orgasm I had ever felt. I could feel my cum spewing all over his cock, and then I heard him growl. He came for me then, pounding his cock in and out of my pussy and filling me full of his cream. 

He fell on top of me, and we lay there sweaty and spent for a moment, before he rolled over onto the other side of the bed. We both breathed heavily as we lay there on our backs. 

"That was incredible," I managed to squeak out. 

He agreed with a simple "Yeah."

"How is your recovery time?" I asked him. 

He looked into my eyes and smiled devilishly. I knew it must not be long, and I checked the time on the room clock. 

That turned into the most amazing night of my life, and I never saw him again. Somehow, I don't even care. Fantasies are and incredible thing, and I have so many more that I am ready to act out!