 I never really knew what would come from that day. I worked as a self-employed sports masseuse and had decided to go to my local coffee shop for dinner instead of eating in as usual. What a decision that turned out to be. I ordered a coffee and a sandwich, then sat down by the window and stared out at the passers-by listening to the radio. They had some smooth jazz on at the time. The weather started to take a turn for the worst with showers overhead and dark clouds passing.

There she was - long dark hair that flicked from side to side as she jogged towards the shop along the side of the road. She had a slightly athletic build not muscular, more slim. In fact, but there was some noticeable definition. All clad in running gear of a bright red sports bra and tight black leggings that accentuated her ... curves, with every step. 

I guessed she must have been around twenty-six. She stopped right outside the shop window where I was while panting. I could see the cold air she breathed out and the warmth coming off of her skin as she closed her eyes and took a deep breath. She bent over slightly fixing her hands on her knees breathing hard. I took the moment, as any man would, to admire her figure. 

To my surprise she looked to her left and caught me staring right at her legs. I diverted my gaze immediately to the cinema behind in the background squinting my eyes as if trying to read the name of the films showing. Smooth, I thought ... real smooth. A few excruciating seconds passed. She walked on past the window to the end of the block. So I diverted my eyes back to my coffee. The door opened and the bell rang. I slowly looked up not thinking anything interesting of the event only to see the raven haired beauty I saw a moments earlier. She stood at the counter ordering something and getting on rather well with the female barista. 

It was electric, I felt like I was in a film and at that moment, BB King was playing the coolest blues riff I'd ever heard. I couldn't help but observe, she wasn't too far away, but far enough for me to be able to be discreet. Beads of sweat rolled down her fair chest to her sports bra collecting into a little patch of sweat between her cleavage.

She didn't have large breasts but a handful, perfect if you asked me. Time passed and I forgot how fixated I was. The coffee had been made and she thanked the cashier. Now about to turn past the corner of the counter, she walked down to the booths near me. She glanced up quickly to see me ogling at her magnificent figure. There I was again like a deer in headlights; I panicked and looked down at ... an empty plate of all things in the world. I looked back into the window to see her in reflection walk past with a devilish smirk on her face. She had caught me looking for a second time. To my surprise, she seemed to be enjoying it ... I could tell by the way her hips unnaturally swung as she walked past. 

As she approaches the booth two rows in front of me she conveniently sits with her coffee directly facing me but avoiding all eye contact. She didn't need to because she knew I was watching, I liked it. She was the perfect tease enough to keep you in but always wanting more. Time was getting on and I had to leave. I had a client in 10 minutes and still had to drive back home.

I just couldn't. Just as brought myself to put my pea coat on, "Pop!" came from her table at which I noticed the top of her coffee cup popping off. She took her index finger on her right hand and dipped the tip into the coffee. Taking it out slowly she wraps her lips around the end sucking the liquid off until an accentuated slurp is produced. 

At this moment she looked up staring directly into my eyes and uttered, "Perfect" in her sultry voice She then calmly resumed reading the newspaper on the table. I couldn't believe it, she was driving me crazy. 

"What's your name?" I managed to ask. 

"Rachel," she responded without looking up. 

With that I turned and walked out the door thanking the barista. In mid-stride, just as I was about to step out the door the barista called out and said, "She likes you, don't worry". 

I guessed they must have known each other. I just said thanks again, then left with a little spring in my step and a slight bulge in my trousers. I think my clients got a little less value for their money that day. I just couldn't concentrate properly.

A few weeks passed and I'd started to forget about the woman I'd seen. A conference had been coming up that I had been dreading for months. A while back I had told my friend I'd fill in and teach some sports massage to some kids at a local university. I couldn't cancel now I still owed him the favour. I got there an unpacked my stuff and waited for the students to arrive. I had a quick catch up my friend and he told me that the model I would be working on would be there soon.

Time passed and the kids started coming in but the model hadn't arrived. As we were all sat there waiting I started to shuffle around with my bottles and other various things. I heard the door push open and a woman start apologizing profusely to my friend for being late. 

I popped my head up and there she was. Rachel from the coffee shop. Stood in nothing but a towel around her upper half and mini shorts on the bottom. I stood up and my friend introduced us to which she responded with bright red blushed cheeks. My friend informed me she was a volunteer model for the university and that he known her for awhile. 

I couldn't wait to get started. She lay down on the table and let her towel fall bunching up either side so her breasts weren't too exposed. Her skin was more tanned than I remember, but her figure was still as beautiful as I recollect. I walked over slowly to my desk as my friend sat down next to the students. I picked up the massage oil and walked back over to the table on the opposite side to the students. I explained the best I could to the students what I was about to do but it was vague at best I was that preoccupied.

I slowly let the oil drip from the bottle. It trailed from the bottom of her neck to the bottom of her spine. The oil was slightly cold and as soon as it hit her soft ... warm ... skin she wriggled and tensed up. I watched the little white hairs on the back of her neck come to a stand. I placed my hands on the bottom of her spine just above her perky, little buttocks and she let of out a deep exhalation. Slowly I moved up and rubbed the oil in. 

She started quite tense but loosened to my touch and five minutes in she let me know what she wanted. She started to move and asked me to stop for a moment while she repositioned herself. Slowly she moved her hands from crossed in front of her to down by her sides with her hands now midway down the outside of her thighs. I leaned over to get the opposite shoulder and felt a firm grip on my cock through my trousers. It was very well disguised. From the opposite side of the table no one would be able to see. But I could definitely feel it and she definitely meant it. My cock began to grow in her hand. I'm not freakishly big but I am well endowed especially in girth.

She had difficulty even getting her hand just over halfway around the base. Now I kept coming backwards and forwards to the shoulder as if using her hand as a pussy. Slowly and deeply pushing my girth through her hand. She let go after a minute and put her hands back under her forehead. 

Now it was my turn to show her what I wanted. I started massaging around the sides of her body and hips a little bit rougher than before letting her know I liked to get a little rough too. Then in one swift movement I leaned over and managed to discreetly place my left hand in between the bunched up towel and her breast. I couldn't believe this was happening and no one else in the room had a clue. I could have climaxed right there. With my left hand I began slowly using my index finger to rub around the nipple every now and then, brushing it which was greeted with a smile only I could see as she turned her head to the side.

The whole session was the most intense foreplay I have ever had. I'd always been the dominant one during sex and decided to show her that side. I grabbed her whole breast roughly ... a handful just as I'd imagined, then flicked and squeezed her nipple a few times. She was in ecstasy I could tell, her mouth was now open, her eyes closed and slowly breathing long and hard.

I had an idea. Her nipples were red hot. I went back over to the massage oil and dabbed a small cold blob on my finger. She tried to look back but didn't know what was going on. I came back put my hand in the same position then let the oil meet her nipple. She jerked and let out a muffled moan. I decided to stop there before she had an orgasm in front of everyone. A minute later I stopped, placed the towel back by her side and continued with the rest of the massage. I'd finished 5 minutes early and needed to kill time. This was when my horny side came out. My mind raced with something to do but all I could think about was seeing her bum. I'd got it. 

I explained to the crowd that sometimes athletes who use a lot of power in their legs specifically the gluteals (bum) muscles can get tight. I asked Rachel if she minded pulling her shorts down and I would still cover her with the towel and massage. She couldn't get them down any faster as I laid the towel over her. I managed to get a look while adjusting the towel and they were magnificent. Round and tight the type that if you slapped would spring back in an instant. 

I was also delighted to find she had a small tattoo of a pair of lips on the side of her bum cheek where the shorts covered. I'd always loved a girl with tattoo's for some reason. They turn me on immensely as she found by the now fully erect cock pressing against her side. I knew exactly what I was going to do next. I couldn't help but try and mask a grin. I started the massage as normal and managed to manipulate my side of the towel so that it rode up slightly allowing enough of a gap to move in. I brushed my fingertips over the bottom of her cheek and round into the crack. I ran my index finger down from her rosebud to her slightly puffy lips.

She didn't know what was coming. I managed to place a blob of the massage oil on my thumb from her lower back then teased her pussy. I stroked down the length of each labia travelling up to the perineum and back down. My fingers were doing what my tongue desired as I caressed every inch of her private pink pussy. Then in one swift motion I faked pressing into her soft, warm pink hole and pressed down with my thumb onto her rosebud. 

Her cheeks tensed. She gasped and bucked her hips up into the air pressing my thumb further into her asshole almost down to my hand.

"Sorry, did I do something wrong?" I asked. 

To which she replied, "No, I'm just ticklish and that was a sensitive spot, sorry."

She looked over to my friend and the students and blushed, there were a few giggles but no one suspecting anything more. I announced then that time was up and slowly dragged my thumb out of her hole walking around to the head of the table resting my hands next to her head. That's when I knew what a dirty girl she was. As I was recapping the session to the class I felt a soft pair of warm lips engulf my thumb. 

The thumb that had just been buried deep into her asshole. She used that tongue in ways I still cannot describe to this day. As the class started to shuffle out their seats, she took another chance. I saw her quickly look around at the students being sure no one was watching. Then she turned to me and licked hard from the end of my hard-on to the base through my trousers biting down around the girth afterwards.

The students left the class until it was just me, Rachel and my friend. Grey may not have been the best choice of clothing for Rachel as I could see a pretty prominent wet stain at the front of her shorts. Somehow no one noticed or at least no one mentioned it. My friend thanked us both for the session and asked if we knew the way out. 

"Yes!" Rachel replied instantly effectively answering for both of us.

Then it was just us two. A second after the door shut Rachel dropped her towel and exclaimed,

"Fuck me on this table right now!" 

I instantly began to unbuckle my pants but started to think.

Rachel has been in control all this time, in the coffee shop, at the start of the massage and right now. That's when I thought I'd take control. As much as I wanted to fuck her senseless on the table right now I knew making her wait would put her in the palm of my hand. Well, that and I didn't fancy being caught in the middle of a university and having my career ruined. I was taking my time and she asked slightly confused, "What's taking so long?" 

I went into full Dom mode and commanded, "Come here and get on your knees!". She looked at me unsure but seemed to be into it. She looked the real picture; a set of brown eyes looking up at me with full red lips and raven hair dangling down and a cute little nose. I just stared at her wanting to make her wonder what I was thinking. 

Then I took my belt and placed it around her neck like a leash. I held it and pulled her face into my groin. 

"Put your mouth around my cock".

She laughed a little then the belt got a little tighter I pulled her further in and she submitted. 

"Tell me you're my naughty little slut with you cock round my mouth." 

She mumbled something unfathomable and a little saliva dripped from the side of her cheek.

"SLAM!" The door opened. I looked and at the same time pulled Rachel's mouth in tight so she couldn't look to who it was. Thankfully, it was my friend Michael. 

He didn't look too happy and said, "For God's sake! Wrap it up, I'll stand outside." 

He left the room and stood in front of the door. Rachel started to get into it and licked the head of my cock but I pulled her back and stopped her. 

"Not here, give me your phone number I'll call you in a few days. When I call you answer, no second chances. From now on you call me Sir, understood?". 

She nodded and with that I put my belt back on and walked out apologizing to Michael on the way telling him I'd do him another favour. 

A few days passed and I had to really restrain from ringing Rachel. I had to make her wait, I had to make her want. It was a Sunday evening and I got up early in anticipation for the day, I knew it was going to be today I just had a feeling. I had breakfast, then trimmed my body hair. I left my chest with a bit of hair and a happy trail leading down to a well groomed pubic patch. I took pride in my appearance. I always believe I have to uphold this professional image with my job. My beard was trimmed and my hair short on the sides and long on top swept back to the side.

I wasn't overly athletic. But I played sports a lot including a lot of boxing leaving a more ripped body rather than a bulky one. I got changed into some athletic shorts and rung her. 

"Hello," she answered. Oh how I'd missed that sultry voice. 

"Be at the coffee shop in half an hour, don't be late," I replied. "... and no knickers". 

There was a slight pause followed by an "ok." With that I put the phone down changed clothes and made my way to the car. The journey seemed like an eternity but in reality it must have been only twenty minutes. I got there five minutes early so decided to get a coffee. 

The same barista was working as when I met Rachel here and she seemed to remember me.

"Hi" I engaged.

"Hello you, what would you like?" she said cheerfully. 

"Just a regular coffee," I replied calmly. 

"Sure, I'll bring it over to you. Just take a seat," there was a slight pause as if she hadn't finished and just before she gave me the receipt, she muttered, "...Sir," accompanied with a mischievous grin. 

I was taken aback and practically dropped the receipt as she said it. I tried to play it off as best as I could and said thanks, went to sit down in the same booth as before. It suddenly seemed like it was a thousand degrees in the place and I got a little nervous. I kept thinking to myself, had she known about me and Rachel or was it simply being polite and hoping for a tip? It can't be. I suppose they were giggling to each other the first time I saw Rachel. 

Could it have been about me? A short while passed and I began to collect my thoughts looking at the clock with 5 seconds to 3 o clock the door opened and the bell rang. It was Rachel; she was in a little black flowy dress that barely came to her knees. She looked amazing her black hair and dressed matched perfectly. 

The cashier who I now know to be called Lauren from her name tag started talking to Rachel. Rachel glanced over at me and then back to Lauren. They smiled and giggled a little. I guess they actually did know each other. The conversation stopped and Rachel started to walk towards me sitting down directly across from me. 

"Hello Rachel" I coolly opened up with.

"Hello Sir!" She replied.

"Could you get me some napkins from just over there" I pointed towards a shelf with various pieces of cutlery etc on.

"Yes sir!" She replied and walked over to the shelf going onto her toes. As she reached with her arm the short black dress rode up above her perky cheeks exposing a nice mound. She retrieved the napkin and seated herself back at the table.

"I see you followed instructions" I said

"Down to a T!" She chirped

"Show me how much you want it!" I commanded

She had a look on her face as she was thinking what she could do. Then I felt warmth and a little pressure push into my crotch. Then it got firmer and she pressed harder with her foot rubbing backwards and forwards along my length. She was definitely ready. 

"Good, it's about time we got out of here and went back to my place. Come on, let's go," I said.

If I had thought the car journey there seemed to take forever then the one back was an eternity. I couldn't wait, my pulse became quicker and I started to get hot. I felt a wave of dominance come over me while we were stopped at a set of red lights.

"Pull your dress up and play with yourself," I commanded.

She didn't hesitate as she spread her nicely toned legs and hiked her dress up to her stomach revealing the nicest sight I'd ever seen. She was wet. Her pussy glistened in the sun all around her hole, the labia and the surrounding area slightly reaching into her trimmed pubes. She slowly started rubbing her fingers over her clit in a circular fashion closing her eyes and grabbing her breast hard with the other hand. She had her eyes closed wriggling in the seat beside me. My concentration was broken as someone beeped at me from behind. 

The light had turned green but I hadn't noticed. Rachel however, didn't break stride she was in her moment and she didn't care who saw her. Instead, she got into it even more placing two fingers deep into her pussy accompanied with an amalgam of squelching noises that turned me on even more than I thought was humanly possible. She bit her lips hard and exposed her neck letting her perfume spread into the air making my heart race even more. She was pure sex. 

We arrived at my house and I got straight out bursting to the door I didn't even bother locking the car. She chased after me as I fumbled the keys around in my hands stabbing at the door trying to unlock it. Finally it opened and we bundled in with me slamming it behind us. I turned to face her. I had some jazz playing in the house before I left and forgot to stop it. It matched the mood perfectly.

"So what now?" she inquired as she stared into my eyes.pl

We stood there for what must have been a minute just sizing each other up and thinking about all the sordid things we wanted to do to each other. I made my move. Slowly walking to her, in one stride, I placed one hand into the middle of her chest and pushed her back against the wall sliding in position in front of her. Our foreheads touched each other and we stared down towards each other's mouths. Our lips touched, I could feel her soft velvet lips pass over mine as our tongues danced around together inside. She didn't notice as she was that stuck in the moment. I'd lifted her dress up, bit her bottom lip, pulled at it and pressed two fingers into her pussy. They slid in with the help of the glistening precum that surrounded her hole. 
