 Dear Readers: First, thank you for all the feedback on the first story (more than I could ever respond to). Do not worry about offending me with your comments or ideas. I believe human sexuality spans a broad spectrum of activities and though I must admit not everything people do to each other arouses me, I am not easily offended.

This story introduces another character in my world: Professor. Dear professor is young, handsome and deeply repressed. He is enamored with the female body and voyeuristic to the point of occasional apoplexy (as his full blood supply is easily diverted to his little brain) but blessed as women seem to be profoundly flattered and aroused by his carnal interest. His stories are also an exercise in writing from the male perspective (albeit a fairly passive male). Our worlds occasionally overlap as they did in this short story. I hope you enjoy. As always, your comments are encouraged and appreciated.

*****

Coffee, Paper and ...

The swimming pool in my apartment complex was large, not Olympic size but big enough to accommodate the needs of the young professionals who swam for exercise as well as families with small children who needed the shallower water to play. It was rectangular and ran north-south with a single row of chairs on the south side so that you could sit with the sun at your back for reading or you could sit on the north side where were two rows of lounge chairs were arranged for sunbathers. The lap lane was against the north wall and separated from the rest of the pool by a white rope interspersed with blue and white floats. This provided the more serious swimmers a kid-free zone and the young moms could easily supervise their children, chat, and tan all at once by sitting on the north side. The arrangement worked well for everyone.

I often went out in the morning to enjoy the warm sun, read my paper and drink my coffee before going into lab. This particular Saturday was beautiful; at 7:00 AM the sun was already strong and warm but had not yet driven the early morning chill from the air. The world smelled of early summer and I inhaled deeply as I walked, coffee and paper in hand, across the grassy courtyard to the pool.

I opened the gate and headed toward south side of the pool. Things were pretty quiet and mist was hanging over the water. It was too early for sunbathing and the pool had one lone occupant. I recognized Carol, a young divorcee, doing relaxed laps. Carol and I met several months ago at one of the apartment complex social events. She was gorgeous and flirtatious. We hit it off immediately and though we did not see each other often there was a sexual charge between us that, when coupled with the impish gleam of her green eyes, made my breathing difficult. I walked slowly along the pool apron, matching her pace and admiring her form as she slid through the water. When I reached the middle of the row, I dragged my eyes away from her ass, set my coffee on the table, sat down in a lounge chair and began reading my paper.

Between sips of coffee I watched her tan body glide through the water. At each end of the pool, she executed a perfect flip turn. The muscles of her legs, ass, and shoulders were tight and I was hypnotized by their strength as they powered her body through the water. By the time she finished my penis had hardened, and my nylon running shorts were visibly tented. She pulled out of the pool using the ladder to my right, pulled off her swimming cap and goggles, grabbed a towel and began to dry her hair as she walked toward me.

Her suit was one-piece, competition-style, and dark red. Made for serious swimmers I'm sure it was marketed as sleek and lightweight. Translated to the real world that meant skin tight and transparent when wet. As Carol focused on walking and vigorously toweling her hair, my eyes traveled down her body. The material clung to the gentle curve of her breasts like a second skin. Her boobs were smallish and firm enough that they only shook slightly, her dark nipples and areolae were stiff from the cold water and pressed enticingly against the thin fabric. A short chain hung from her pierced navel. Just below was a patch of dark hair trimmed into a neat rectangle. The suit cupped her smooth outer lips dipping slightly between them. Her thigh and calf muscles rippled gently as she walked. My eyes had just completed their trip and landed on her French-pedicured toes when she stopped at the end of my lounge chair.

"Good morning Professor!"

I looked up into those green eyes, smiled, and flirtatiously allowed my eyes to travel down to her hard nipples.

"Hi Carol! How's the water?"

"Chilly," she laughed. Her eyes traveled down my body, coming to rest on the tent in my shorts.

"You should try swimming. Cold water is an effective remedy for persistent inflammation."

Her eyes twinkled, then hardened. Suddenly in a fluid motion Carol stepped across the chair with her right leg and straddled me. Her legs spread wide on either side, she pressed her weight into my lap. The crotch of her suit pushed against the hard tip of my cock. She wriggled her hips, and through the material I felt her lips open. The tip of my cock slid between them and pressed the thin material into the opening of her cunt. Though the first sensation was cold water, the heat of her body quickly enveloped my penis. She placed both hands on my chest and leaned forward, pushing me against the back of the chair. She moaned as her clitoris made contact. Her eyes locked onto mine.

"Don't move," she whispered.

Then she began flexing her vaginal muscles. Her body remained completely stationary but her warm cunt massaged the upper shaft of my penis while the tip caressed her clitoris. I begin to moan.

"Shh! No sound, don't move!"

The pace of the massage increased. She pressed more weight into me and her eyes searched mine. Finding a mixture of absolute submission and worship, she smiled.

My penis grew hot and my balls tightened. I tried to warn her with my eyes that I would cum soon. She smiled wickedly, her eyes twinkling. Her pulses slowed to an excruciating, undulating rhythm. Everything became slow-motion. Carol slid her right hand to my left nipple while sliding her left over her right breast. She simultaneous pinched our nipples, slowly increasing the pressure.

Her eyes held mine making it clear that the no sound rule was still in effect.

The pain was intense, but lightning shot from my nipple through my cock. I felt a drop of pre-cum slide up from my balls and puddle into my shorts. It was a signal I had reached the point of no return. I was cumming. My eyes rolled up and my lids closed involuntarily. My hands squeezed the chair arms and I struggled to remain silent. Then my eyes went wide as I hung, trapped on the edge of an orgasm. Slower and deeper her cunt undulated and caressed my penis but refused to push me over. I thought I might never cum when suddenly her nails dug deep into my tender nipple. My whole body tensed and shuddered. My cock exploded. Carol studied my eyes as I came, engrossed in some private experience as waves of pleasure enveloped my body and glob after glob of semen filled the space between us.

Slowly, I became aware of my surroundings again, and saw Carol's eyes widen and realized her breathing had become irregular. As my orgasm dissipated, I became acutely aware that Carol's lips encased the tip my penis and that my slippery cum had saturated the space between us. She stopped flexing, her cunt clutched me. She held her body completely immobile, focused on my cock head pressed against her clit. It seemed like forever as I watched her orgasm build. Suddenly her cunt twitched, then spasmed against me, her hand gripped my chest and her eyes again locked with mine. I have never seen a woman look more beautiful.

She remained pressed against me until her second orgasm subsided then she leaned in and kissed my cheek.

"Too bad I have to work today," she whispered.

She stood, smiled at my cum soaked crotch and tossed her towel at me.

"You better cover up hun, you're a mess. I want that towel back though."

"Washed?" I asked stupidly, too dazed to think.

"Your choice but I wouldn't consider it essential. Bring the shorts too if you want." she replied with a smile.

All I could do was lie there and watch her amazing ass as she walked away.