 His security, and self-proclaimed assurance of his sexuality, gave such an aura about him. She never noticed him there, as she stood in line to order her hazelnut latte`, until his breath hit her skin, and his sexuality caressed her, as he stood behind me. As his breath hit the nape of her neck, she could suddenly smell the scent of his balls, the scent of the dampness from the spring weather as it made her mouth water for them, to suck and push her face into his crotch. Yet she couldn’t turn around to face him. The Café’ was crowed, and as he moved in closer to her, she could feel his body heat against her. Standing in line, she started to wriggle around in discomfort, from the wetness now seeping from her body. She was screaming in my mind “Who the fuck is this man?” 

   Suddenly, he leaned forward and whispered a little statement, one that sent chills through her, as she stood there dripping and wanting this man just to touch her. “I can give you want you want dear” “I know your desires” … He whispered. She remained calm, as she stood there, not turning back with fear of dropping to her knees to ravish his cock. In front of all these people she thought… “I can still smell him, not the scent of cheap cologne, or even an appealing one for that matter!”… It was the scent of his groin, and how she wanted her face smothered within his crotch, licking and lapping at him…as if she needed it to live just another minute. The desire for his touch was incredibly irresistible, with such a lustful and passionate feeling within her, as if part of her being in just his breath.

   The moment he looked at her, he knew he would have her. He made sure he slipped in behind her. As he moved in close, he whispered… “I know that behind your prim and proper exterior, there’s a cock loving slut!”… He kissed her ear lightly as he continued whispering to her, he could feel her quiver as he licked, kissed, and sucked on her, starting at her shoulder, moving up to her earlobe.

   He let his cock do the rest, as he slid it up against her firm round ass; his nasty desires had made his cock solid as a steel rod. He told her to take the coffee and follow him to the parking lot. She hesitated until he pointed towards the lot, letting his hand brush up against her breast, as her nipple responded and stood straight up, as if begging for him to suck and taste it. Her first step was slow, as she trembled slightly with fear, but also from pure sexual energy, wanting what she knew he could, and would, give her.

   As they walked out of the café, all he said was... “Head for your car!”... She started to walk; her body was racked with heat, from the top of her head, to the tips of her toes. She had parked it front of a small restaurant that would not open for and hour, easy out of the way parking was her thinking. As they walked he slipped his hands around her slim waist pushing his hard bulge up against her. She could not wait to see what he had in store for her.

   She wondered if he would start with her mouth or her now soaking wet pussy or did he have something else in mind? They reached her car and with a shove not too hard or to soft he pushed her up against the hood bending her over it, pushing the side of her face against the hood, he lifted her skirt and pulled the back of her thong panties to the side, she could smell herself in the breeze. Teasing her wet pussy with his fingers, sliding them up and down her slit, she struggled for a second. “Or do you prefer this?”… He said, as he began rubbing his thumb around the rim of her asshole, pushing the tip in. She became still, perhaps the only movement she made was coming from her legs as they weakened, quivering from his touch. 

   As she lay there, she could hear him begin to unbuckle is belt, hearing the sound of the metal come undone, then the sound of his zipper sliding down. Next, she began to feel the tip of his cock, rubbing up and down the lips of her pussy, feeling his pre-cum leaving a sticky trail. Then, with one hard fast stroke, his hard cock was all the way up inside her fucking her pushing himself as deep in her as he could, pushing a loud gasp out of her mouth as he drove into her.

   That is when she saw 3 waiters get ready for the opening of the restaurant. She watched as they stood in front of the restaurant, watching as his cock ravaged her tight wet cunt. Twisting his hips into her, grinding his hard shaft in her, as it entered all the way in her cunt, and the base rubbed against her clit and lips. He pulled her head back buy the hair and whispered to her… “Don’t hold back, let them see what type of slut I have”… With this she let out a heavy moan, followed by a loud scream… “Good bitch, but louder “… He whacked her ass with his left hand, and started to fuck her with hard, deep strokes, filling her tight hole. She couldn’t control her moans and screams, as he used her body, like she had always fantasized about, and wanted it to be used for quite some time.

   He was fucking her so hard the car was shaking, she could not take her eyes off the 3 men, and they had made there way to the window and could see his cock going in and out of her pussy, sucking him in deeper with each powerful stroke he made. His cock started throbbing; she knew he would soon cum. His breathing had become fast and deep and his cock was now moving with such purpose.

   He pulled her from the hood, by her hair. Pulling his cock from her he walked her to the window, almost dragging her by her hair, in front of the 3 onlookers, pushing her against the window.  “Knees!” … Is all he said, and with out any hesitation she lowered herself to them taking his cock into her mouth, as soon as her lips touched his swollen purplish head he pushed forcefully into her throat, stuffing it with his hot cock, a thin pane of glass the only thing between her and her audience.

   She attacked his cock wanting nothing more then to have him cum all over her face, and coating her throat. He wrapped her hair in his hands, now fucking her face with as much need as he did her pussy, just moments ago, pounding his hard saliva covered cock down her tight throat, stretching it as he rammed down it. The back of her head rammed against the glass, from the force of his thrusts. With her left hand she started to rub her clit making sure those who watched had a good show as she looked up at him, he smiled… “Yes! You are the slut I knew you could be”… So wet, she was dripping on the ground as she sucked him. By then, the 3 watchers had their own cocks out, stroking them hard and fast as they watched the action, the window being the only thing keeping their own hard cocks from rubbing against her head.

   She felt the veins in his cock grow harder, throbbing between her lips. As his cock was shoved down her throat, she felt the initial burst of cum splatter against the walls of her stretched throat, a slight gag emanated from her mouth as it slid down, quickly turning into a loud moan of satisfaction and pleasure. With this he pulled out his cock, a long thick strand of her saliva followed as it stuck to his throbbing head, and as she stroked her hands along is shaft, both hands wrapped around it tightly, sprayed the rest of his hot, creamy cum all over her face, mouth wide open, hungrily trying to catch it on her tongue as she stuck it out, covering almost completely.  

   With her face covered in a sheet of gooey, sticky sperm, she came hard, letting a stream of her hot cunt juice gush out, cover the ground beneath, he began slapping his cock head against her lips and tongue He took her head and turned it towards the window pushing her face up against it letting his cum rub off on to it… “Lick it off!” … He said. With those words, she licked and slurped the cum covered glass clean, like the cum hungry slut she really was. As the 3 watched her tongue lapping up every drop, they began rubbing their own cocks all over the glass. So cock hungry, she looked on in disappointment, as the glass blocked their hardons. He taunted her a little, rubbing her face against their cocks from the other side, as she tried sucking at them in vain.

   Pulling her to her feet, he kissed her deeply, as if he began to maybe have some feelings for the slut he just brought out in her. He again grabbed her hair, reaching into her mouth deeper with his tongue, as if trying to suck his own cum back from her, but the greedy little cum slut swallowed it all down, leaving her mouth dry and empty. He moved his search from her mouth to her cheek; his tongue caressed her up the side of the face, as he began lapping up the little bit of cum left on her cheek. Then pulling her head back… "Open up!" … He told her. As she did as she was told; he dribbled the rest of his cum, mixed with saliva, from his own mouth into hers. She smiled, looking up at him, licking her lips clean. "I'm not done with you slut! I'm fucking all your holes!" … He again whispered.

   Moving her to the outside table of the restaurant, he laid her down on it, ripping her thong off and placing them in her mouth…. “Clean these!” … He commanded. With this he spread her still quivering pussy with his fingers, and lowered his face to her cunt lapping it from the bottom to her hard little clit. She greedily sucked on her own juice from her panties, the sounds of this mixed whit her moans of desire changed it from a quaint little place, to a den of sex.

   The sounds of footstep could be heard, as the 3 fans had stepped outside to the see the action up close. As the came closer she could see they had went and got the cook who now was watch her as hungrily as many had watched his dishes. He had slid 3 fingers up in her hot hole; her juices covered his hands and ran down his arm. He found himself sucking and eating her cunt with pure passion, he needed this whore as much ad she wanted to be needed.

   With a flick of her wrist, her ripped thongs landed at the feet of the 3 men who are only a few steps behind her. She smiles at them… “You can watch as close as you want, but only he can touch” … She said in a playful voice, as she pushes his head deeper in to her pussy, wanting to fuck is face with the same vigor he did to hers. Tasting her pussy, he knew in his heart that she had to cum on his face. As the 3 onlookers encircled them, he assaulted her pussy with deep finger probes, and his teeth found her clit, biting and nibbling on it, as her hips pushed up to meet his face. Rubbing her tits, squeezing her hard nipples, she was taking pleasure in the fact that her body was being used, and awed at.

   Her breaths became short and quick, and the walls of her tight cunt boiled with heat. Her lips shook with the coming organisms she knew would soon be there. He stopped just long enough to say… “Tell these men who and what you are!” … With that said, he buried his tongue back into her. “I am slut! A little cunt to be used by him, to bring him joy, by being his whore” … She screamed, as she saw all four stroking their hard cocks wanting so much to reach out and touch her. Sensing her need to cum he doubled his efforts, working her pussy like a fine instrument, to get every ounce of fluid from it, tasting it as it dripped out of her juicy slit.

   It started out as just a little shiver of pure pleasure, and quickly sprang up and out thru her whole body. She sent a shower of fresh hot cum onto his face, as her body pitched up into it. Her hands pushing with all the might that she could, driving his head into her fuckjuice drenched pussy. He slid up her body, laying on her until his face was with hers. He kissed her lips, and licked them. She responded buy licking her cum off his face, cleaning it, making sure not to miss any of the wetness that she had made for him.

   With the 3 still there and stroking their cocks he smiled … “The show isn’t over!”… Standing up, he rolled her onto her stomach. She could see the cocks only a few inches form her face, and in her new slutty state, she wanted to reach out to them, but knew deep down if she did she would be a slut for all, however if she was a slut for only him he would give her real joy for a lifetime.

   She felt her ass being spread open, feeling his tongue licking her hole, and felt as he let his spit cover it. She felt something warm poured on to ass she looked back to see the melt butter that they had set out for fresh sea food now covering her ass and his rock hard cock he pushed two of his fingers deep up her asshole get the inside of her ass as moist as her cunt had been for his cock earlier.

   The head of his cock was now at the entrance of her slick ass she could feel it readying itself to slide up into her bowels… “Tell ME what you want you whore, tell me!”… He roared… “I want you fuck my ass fuck it hard use it”… She bellowed back, and he enthusiastically filled her ass with his manhood she felt nothing but pain, yet having a deep wanting for it at the same time. He grabbed her hips, fucking her ass, resembling pistons in a cars engine… “Yes fuck my ass yes oh God yes fuck it”… She screamed to him, looking around to see the other men pumping on their cocks, longing to trade spaces with him if only for a moments time.

   Her ass was as tight as a vice, he had no idea how long he could hold back. Lowering his mouth to her shoulder, biting it deep and hard, sucking on her hot skin as he pounded her ass, fucking it as if it had been made only for his cock. She reached back and dug her nails in to his ass seeking to stuff more of him into her hot ass! With his right hand he reach under her and teased her clit touching it only slowly at first making her body wanting him to touch it more and more.

   For a time their bodies moved as one his stokes up her ass where met with her ass pushing back against his cock then the silence that had been ended with growing moans around them. His hand left her clit… “Use this”… She heard him say. She looked back to see he had handed the waiter closest to him a champagne flute and with no further instructions he emptied his hot cum into the class and passed it on to the next one, as it made its way around until it reached the waiter standing behind her head who then, right over her face added his cum to the glass.

   The whole time he continued his assault on her ass and then he pulled out and returned to her wanting pussy filling her from behind wanting top make her cum when he did know that cumming as one would forever bond them as one. Her cunt constricted around his cock pulling his cock from every direction he rolled her over and said “look at me”… With this she felt his cock grow insider her as he let lose with is hot load of semen he buried his cock all the way in her. It hit her womb deep and the orgasm rocked her and her whole body embraced his as they came as one their bodies rocked all their fluids mixed his cum with hers inside her the sweat on each others bodies and when he slammed his tongue in to her mouth the saliva mixed as well.

   “You are a very good slut now you may have your treat” he reached up for the glass and handed it to her. He watched as she sat up and tipped the glass back, pouring the hot, sticky cum of the onlookers on to her face rubbing it all around, then taking the last remnants of the cum, and licking the glass clean. With her cum covered face she looked up at this man who had taken her to a place she had longed to be, and just smiled.