 Libraries were made for sex. All alone in dusty stacks of books, with private little rooms just begging to be occupied with sweaty writhing bodies. And this is where it happened. The first day I met him, I ran out of the class, breathless with dripping panties. Being near him made my chest tight and my pussy tingle, I flirted with him constantly. And here we were, in the temple of secret sex, working together on a project. The setting couldn't have been more perfect.

I tried to concentrate on finding a book, but I couldn't. He looked so good. The way that red shirt pulled tight across his tall muscular body. Wondering how good that tan skin would feel pressed against mine, wanting to run my fingers through his black hair. The way I was hoping those beautiful blue eyes were seeing through my close. No wonder I couldn't concentrate. We were crouched on the ground, searching the shelves. The smell of his cologne was overpowering me; we were so close I could feel his body heating the cold air around his, his fingers lightly touching the spine of each book as if it were a woman's body. This man was pure sex. And I couldn't take it anymore. 

We were all alone on the floor, I knew anyone wouldn't see. It was so cold I could see his breath, the breath I wanted to feel on my skin, warming my body. His fingers, those teasing beautiful fingers, finally found the book we were looking for, and he looked up at me. I did something I never thought possible. I leaned down and kissed him.

He looked up at me, confused. I felt so ashamed, so nervous in those brief tense seconds. I shouldn't have done that, he didn't want it; he'd never talk to me again. I felt my cheeks flush in embarrassment. I opened my mouth to apologize, but before I could, he shot up to his feet, grabbed my wrist, and drug me down the aisle. We reached the small study room at the end. He flung open the door and threw me into the small room, slamming the door as he followed me in. I looked at his face; it was pure animal lust blind to the consequences. I backed up against the table, scared of what I had unleashed.

He grabbed my body and crushed his lips into mine, sending an electric shock through my already tense body. I was kissing the man of my dreams, but I knew I was completely dominated. I was at the mercy of his will. I felt my head spinning as his tongue teases my mouth, violently kissing me. I felt like such a slut, I was moaning already and my pussy was getting wetter.

He pulled away from my lips, and stared at me with an intensity I've never seen before. 

"I'm sick of you teasing me. You're going to take whatever I give you and you're not going to complain, you goddamn whore." 

His blue eyes were burning into mine and I knew I had no choice.

He ripped open my shirt, and pulled down my bra. He was too hungry to bother to take it off. The air in the room was cold and my nipples were hard. He harshly fondled them before taking my nipples into his mouth and biting them. When he pulled away, I gasped as the cold air hit the hurt flesh of my breasts, but the pain brought my body nothing but pleasure. His hand moved up my skirt and pressed against my lace panties that were sopping wet. 

"You fuckin slut!" he hissed in my ear.

He grabbed a handful of my hair, he forced me to my knees. I could see the strain in his pants, but when he pulled it out, I was scared. I had never had something that huge inside of me before. I didn't think I could get it in my mouth. What if that angered him? He stroked his cock in front of my face, smiling at my mixed expression of terror and curiosity. 

"Suck it."

I grabbed it, slightly satisfied knowing he wanted me this badly. My lips slid down over the head of his cock, but I wasn't very experienced with this and nervous. I slowly began to bob up and down on it, but it wasn't good enough for him. He grabbed my head and slammed the huge cock all the way down my throat. I gagged and tried to make a noise but it did nothing, his cock was too far down my throat to make a sound. He began to fuck my face, and I struggled to breath. He never loosened his grip on my hair as he shoved his cock all the way down my throat, then slid out till just the head remained in my mouth, then jammed its massive length back down my throat. Tears slid down my cheek. I wasn't scared; I just wasn't used to this. But the more his cock attacked my throat, the more my pussy dripped down my thighs. My body was on fire from the sensation of his abuse of my throat. I was loving it.

He'd had enough with my mouth and decided to take me. He jerked my head off his cock, and threw me against the table. He pushed my torso down against it; the coldness of the table on my breasts sent another shock of pleasure through me. My panties were ripped off, and the head of his massive cock was placed at my entrance, my juices streaming out around it. 

"Do you want it?" he asked, rubbing his cock against my burning pussy.

Before I could get the "yes" out, he'd slammed his entire cock all the way into my tight dripping pussy. I screamed out at the onslaught, for he hadn't rested once he was inside me, he didn't try to warm me up or let me adjust, he'd just began fucking me. I'd never had something this large inside of me, my pussy was stretching so far just to try to accommodate him, but his cock was tearing me anyway. He was mercilessly slamming his cock in and out of my pussy while I was bent over the table, my breasts being drug across it and tears running down my face. My pussy was on fire with this pain, a pain I'd never felt before. My pussy being ripped apart by this gorgeous man was enough to bring me pleasure through the pain. My whimpers had to turn to moans and he abused my pussy. He could feel me stretched around him but the flood of wetness inside me told him I loved it. I started to move with him, taking the pain and bringing more pleasure, feeling something build inside me. I looked up and could see our reflection in the glass of the window. The sight of him pounding my pussy, my shirt torn open with my breasts bouncing was more than I could take. I felt something explode inside me, sending bursts of pleasure through my body. I threw my head back and screamed as his cock continued to pound my rippling pussy, the contracting muscles gripping his cock and my cum flowing down his thighs. 

The waves of pleasure finally settled, but he continued to fuck me. Then I saw him doing something strange in the glass. He brought a finger to his mouth and licked it. I knew what was coming. He continued the pounding as he pressed his finger against my other entrance. I tensed up; I'd never had anything inside my ass before. He didn't seem to care; he pushed his finger inward, feeling the tension of that ring inside me. I screamed out again as he finally pushed his finger in into my ass. I'd never felt anything like it, and with the intense pleasure in my pussy and this new feeling in my ass, I could feel it building again.

I moaned as he pushed farther and farther into my ass, feeling his cock inside my pussy. He slowly drew his finger out, only to slide it back into my ass. He did this again, picking up the pace until he was finger fucking my ass in tempo with his fucking of my pussy. I was moaning again, I knew it wouldn't be much longer, when I heard him moan. He was going to cum as well. I shuddered, knowing he was going to cum was going to set me off. With the next forceful thrust into my body, I exploded. I was cumming rivers now, screaming as my body shook in the most powerfully overwhelming bursts of pleasure. I heard him scream my name and with one last final thrust, he came as well. Through my orgasm I could feel his cock twitch and the great streams of cum flow into my quivering pussy. We rode out our orgasms together until it was finally over. He groaned as he slid his cock out and smiled in approval and the mixture of our cums leaked out of me and trickled down my thighs. 

He pulled his pants back up, turned towards the door, and muttered: "Fucking slut." 

I just smiled. I'd seen his face in the glass, I caught that satisfied smile. I knew he'd be back.