 The sound of the backdoor opening woke me about 6:30 am, and in that dull sleepy haze, I suddenly realized that with my daughter away at college, this might not be a good thing. Then I relaxed when I heard Carol's familiar footsteps on the kitchen floor. We had been dating for several months, and although we had quickly moved beyond being just sex partners and were now close friends and lovers, neither of us wanted to give up our homes, let alone our independence. She was 42 years old and still had two teenagers living with her. I was 15 years older with one son on his own, but my daughter stayed with me when she was not away at school. 

A face with bright blue eyes, framed in long blonde hair appeared at my bedroom door, and she smiled and said " opps, I didn't mean to wake you. I just put the kids on the East Bound Amtrak so they could spend Thanksgiving with their father, and I just didn't want go home to an empty house." She yawned, and said, " uffda!! is it cold out there this morning. " 

I patted the bed and said " why don't you crawl under the covers and later I'll make breakfast." She undressed, but continued a habit that she started as a little girl and left her panties on. When she slid under the sheets and started to push her small butt into my groin, she felt herself being poked. I always slept naked except when my daughter was home, and although I really just wanted to snuggle and go back to sleep, I still had what men call morning wood. 

She said " just let me lift my leg a bit and I think we can fix that". I slid my penis between her legs and then reached around and pulled her close to me so that we lay like two spoons.

It seemed like I had finally dozed off when Carol whispered " Bob, are you awake ". When I did not respond right away, she pushed her butt back into me and then pulled forward a bit, and then back again. That got my attention, probably because my semi erect penis was still between her legs. " Bob", she whispered, " do you want me to roll over so you can take off my panties?" Carol learned on our first date that one of my favorite parts of foreplay is to slowly pull her panties down and be greeted by the beautiful sight of her small rounded globes emerging like a twin sunrise over shimmering water. 

" No, not yet, I want to sleep a little. " 

Well then " she laughed " stop playing with my nipple." She made her point by pumping my penis a couple more times between her legs." 

OH, my God, that feels good " I groaned " I have not done that since I was a teenager." 

Carol said " huh ... you mean this " and she did it again. I told her that we called that dry humping. Something we did when you were with someone who didn't want to go all the way, and maybe were too shy or unwilling to try oral sex. I twirled the nipple of her left breast between my fingers and at the same time started to thrust my very erect penis between her legs. When she clamped her legs together, the topside of my penis slid along the length of her cotton covered vulva but the other three sides were treated to the feel of warm, and now damp skin. She bent forward just enough to cause the head to brush up against her clitoris and within moments we were both starting to breath heavy, and my groin was starting to tighten up. 

I gasped " there is only one thing better than this." I pulled my penis out from between her legs, rolled her over on her tummy and started to pull on the waistband of her panties. And then I finished the sentence by saying " and that is not having to do it at all."

Carol arched her back enough to let me pull her panties down to her knees, and I pushed a doubled over pillow under her groin. The sight of that beautiful and oh so accessible upturned butt was almost enough to make me cum without even touching her. Balanced on my knees and one hand, I hovered over her naked body, and guided the dripping head of my aching shaft between the wet and swollen lips of her love tunnel. 

When I started to thrust, while still balanced above her, she looked over her shoulder and said " lay on me, I want to feel your hot body against mine and feel your weight ." I eased my chest down on her back and started pumping, my hips up and down until I felt her body started to stiffen.

She yelled " Hold Me!!". I shoved my hand between her body and the bed, grasped her breast and kissed her ear just as she started convulse. The hot walls of her vagina rippled and milked my penis and I shot my semen deep into her body. It was not very often we both climaxed at the same time, but when it happens, it feels as if we just chased each other up a mountain. We lay there catching our breath and then we rolled, still connected, on to our sides. When I heard her snore, I slipped out of bed, and after a quick stop at the bathroom I started breakfast.

The coffee was ready, and I was putting the baking powder biscuits into the oven when Carol came into the kitchen. She was wearing one of my sweatshirts that hung down to her knees, but when she bent over to look into the oven, I could see that she had pulled her panties back up. " Hey, if you had waited a few more minutes, you could have had breakfast in bed". 

She smiled and replied, " that's all right, I needed to get up anyways, besides there seems to be wet spot on the sheets".

Carol watched as I cut up the onion, and threw them into a pan with crumbled sausage, and flour. The timer above the oven rang just as I finished stirring the milk into the pan. I piled the biscuits on our plates and started pouring on the sausage gravy. Carol spotted the squirt bottle of honey on the table, and said " you didn't leave any extra biscuits. what are you going to do with the honey?"

I grinned and said " oh, we will think of something".

After we had finished breakfast, and I was washing the dishes, Carol came up behind me and wrapped her arms around my waist. She kissed my neck and said " how about a kitchen quickie". 

I looked down and only found a slight bulge in my sweat pants, so, I said " we might have to wait a little while." 

She laughed, and said " hummm; maybe I should be dating younger men." 

I thought for a moment and said " yes, you could, but are you willing to trade quantity for quality? For some young men, satisfying themselves is more important than satisfying their partner. If I felt like that, by now you would have been up on the kitchen table, with the crotch of your panties pushed to one side. 10 minutes later, you would be standing here with cum running down your leg and frustrated as hell." I turned around and gave her a hug, and looked into her blue eyes, and said " but I am much older, and in fact I have been ejaculating since before you were born, so the only thing I need to prove is my ability to make you happy."

She looked up at me and whispered, " and just how do you plan to do that?" 

I cupped her butt in my hands and lifted up on to the kitchen table and said " where did I put that bottle of honey?" 

Carol sat on the kitchen table watching me heat the squeeze bottle of honey in a pan of warm water. I told her that this was for her to do with as she wished, and wherever she squirted the honey, I would lick it clean. " 

You mean here" and she put a spot on her nose. I kissed her nose and said " anywhere." 

I locked the door, and closed the drapes while she took off the sweatshirt and lay back on the table on a couple chair cushions. She pulled her knees up and lifted her butt, so I could take off her panties and slip another cushion under her. First she stuck out her tongue and covered the tip with honey. I sucked her tongue into my mouth, and squeezed her breast while our tongues danced tip to tip. Then a glob of honey went first to one nipple and then to the other, and I licked lazy circles around the pink flesh before sucking on the nipples.

She shut her eyes, and started to moan. " OK, Bob, this is a lot of fun, but how about this?" She squirted honey into her tummy button, and I licked it right back out.

Carol looked down between her knees, and gave me an impish grin as she stuck the nozzle of the honey bottle into her vagina, and said " go for it". I sat down on the chair, and put my head between her legs and tried to stick my tongue as deep as I could into that dark opening. She started to breathe heavily, but still managed to shoot another shot of honey on her clitoris, but before I could cleaning it all off, she was convulsing. She clamped her thighs tightly against my ears, but I could hear the cry of passion.

When she had settled down, she said" pull down pants and come over here, I need to taste some of this honey myself." She squirted it on the head of my very erect penis and sucked until I was afraid I was going to pop. But then she let go and grinned again, and said " I think you better give me a soapy washcloth before I finish off this bottle."

I watched as Carol carefully used the washcloth to first clean the extra honey from her swollen lips, and then rub the cloth down farther between her legs. She touched the skin just below her vaginal opening and squeezed the last of the honey and it slowly oozed downward and started to cover her brown eye. My first lick was around the edges, but when my tongue touched the very center, she gasped, and then between her clenched teeth, she cried out " Bob, I need you in there now."

The opening was slick from a combination of my spit and a flow of her fluid from her vagina, so when I pulled her feet upwards around my neck, the head of my penis broke through the initial resistance and impaled her rectum on my second try. I waited for a moment just in case she wanted to change her mind, but she nodded, and shut her eyes. The last and only time we had done this before was in a whirlpool bath with her clitoris being stimulated by a water jet. This time she reached down and caressed herself while I slowly pumped deep in and then almost out for about 5 minutes. The climax came more quickly this time, but I was able to hold one until I finally exploded deep inside her bowels. I pulled my limp toy out and leaned forward to kiss her. 

She smiled, and said " Yes, you are right, old men are more fun. And if you are still in the mood to please me, you can wash my hair when we take our shower and , I'll show how grateful I can be." But that is another story.