 The rain came down in a hard, staccato beat on her windshield. She let the engine idle outside of the convenience store, still two blocks from her destination. No matter how high she turned the air conditioning, the air seemed humid and sticky. In the dark, she could barely make out the next set of traffic lights through the rain, as the streetlights did little to help the glowing lights of the stores that lined the streets. 

"I have to do this. I have to" Sarah repeated out loud to herself. After four years of waiting, it seemed like this should be a moment to savor and anticipate. Instead, she felt like she was melting in her own t-shirt, completely terrified of the gap between what she was thinking and what she intended to say. The clock on her dashboard flipped to 9:07, making her seven minutes late. 

Suddenly, her phone vibrated silently on the seat next to her. Where r u flashed up in the little text box, and Sarah knew right away if she didn't go now, it would be her last chance to see him, possibly ever. Cursing under her breath, she double-checked her reflection in the mirror and put the car into drive. 

Now or never.

She turned the car around the corner and back along the brighter, busy street. The sign for his hotel was enormous and illuminated, in no way could she lie and say she missed it. Even through the pounding rain, she could distinguish him from the people hurrying in out of the rain or past with umbrellas. She pulled up to the sidewalk and put down her window slightly.

"Hey, c'mon!" she half-shouted, trying to hide the nervousness in her voice. 

He squinted and then smiled at her, walking quickly to her car and sliding into the front seat. As he ran his hand over his hair, she felt like the car had shrunk. As he turned to look at her, her eyes shot forward and she stepped on the gas to avoid his look.

"Hey" he smiled. 

She glanced at him sideways, and finally relaxed, smiling back.



Arriving at the small, crowded restaurant, they found a booth in the back where it was quiet enough to talk. The lights were low and the easy music made it hard to stay focused. Once they had settled and had a few drinks, the conversation flowed more liberally. Sarah tried her best to censor herself, but thankfully Mike just laughed at her outlandish comments as they talked about their lives. She couldn't help but stare at him, remembering so many things, looking for others that had changed. Her thoughts kept trying to stay on the conversation, but as she ran her eyes over his broad shoulders and arms, she couldn't help but think of how he used to carry her and make love to her. There were entire weekends where they didn't get out of bed, nights that lasted until five in the morning. Sometimes it was sweet, attentive and loving sex, others it was hard and dirty and sometimes angry. Then the other memories came back, other women and nights of tears. Sarah felt the sharp sting of remembrance, and it must have shown in her face because he called her on it.

"What's up? You have this weird look" Mike commented.

"Nothing....just thinking about us, and the past" she said with a slight sigh.

"That was then Sarah, this is now. Things are a lot different than they were five years ago" he said seriously.

"How can you be so sure?" she said guarded, feeling like it was more of a rhetorical question than anything.

"I dunno exactly how...we were young, in school. Now we're adults, as much as we'll ever be and are in a different point in our lives" Mike replied.

"Oh really? If things are so different, then why are we here, together, right now?" she said with a bit of an edge. If only things were so simple...

"I'm sorry, I don't know. What I do know is that I did think of you sometimes, even before you started sending me emails. I figured you were married to that guy and I was in a serious relationship. What was the point of us talking? But you did keep trying, and finally when you said you wanted to meet up and I was in Toronto at the time, I realized despite everything I wanted to see you too. Then you started calling me, and texting me...I didn't know what to think. I didn't know what I would feel when I saw you, but I was willing to try and obviously you were too" he said with a quiet, even look on his face.

"So here we are, talking in the same circles. Some things have changed, but not enough to be of any value to either of us. We're different people now, so I guess we have to stop living in the past and accept the fact things were over for a reason, a long time ago." Sarah struggled to find something eloquent and final to add, however her heart felt like it was going to explode. I have to get out of here, I can't stand for him to see me cry she thought feverishly to herself. "I have to go. Sorry this didn't turn out the way we hoped."

She stood up, threw a $20 on the table and grabbed her coat as she turned on her heel and back out into pouring rain. She didn't get more than ten feet away from the restaurant before a hand grabbed her arm roughly and swung her around. Mike pulled her into his arms and kissed her, in a perfect way that was soft yet hard at the same time. As their lips connected, she felt like she was going to melt and disappear into the drain with the rest of the rain that poured down around them. Her arms found their way around his neck and he pulled her in to him tightly. His body was warm and hard, with the scent of him filling her senses with memory after memory. It felt like they had never been apart. The sounds of the rain, the cars driving by, the music coming from the restaurant....it all faded as the world stopped around them, time slowing down to give them a moment that would last forever. 

He pulled away from her so slightly, and whispered her name in her ear.

"Sarah...."

Suddenly they were kissing again, but now with a sense of urgency. Sarah felt like they should be literally steaming on the street, with the heat from their bodies causing a sizzle reaction where their now soaked clothing touched them. 

Without a word, Mike broke their kiss and threw his jacket around her shoulders. Taking her hand, he led her almost at a run back in the direction of the hotel. Her head was swimming and her body on fire as he pulled her through the revolving doors of the hotel, pushing her up against the mirrors of the elevator and kissing her deeply and passionately. 

As they stumbled into the warm room, she suddenly realized how cold and wet she was from the rain. He led her directly to the enormous marbled bathroom and turned the shower on full blast to hot. As the steam started to rise, he picked her up in his arm and stepped under the spray. As the warm water started to soak through their damp clothing, he kissed her again and again and again. 

"Let's get you out of these wet things" he murmured with a smile. Sarah felt like she was in a daze, that she no longer had any control of what was happening. Her body had taken over and was calling the shots. He pulled her t-shirt up over her head, and unhooked her bra. He ran his hands over her bare shoulders, along her arms and down her stomach. He reached up and cupped her small breasts with his hands, gently massaging them in small circles. The heat from the shower and his touch was making her delirious. She began to suspect she was imaging this entire thing. His hands slid down towards her jeans, undoing them and pulling them down to her ankles and off her feet. Lastly came her flimsy, soaked underwear which he ran his hands down her entire leg as he pulled them off. She felt the sensation of her knees feeling like they would buckle, as they instinctively turned outwards slightly, to allow him access to wherever he wanted. Still kneeling, he moved his hands back upwards until they were almost right between her legs. Her legs parted further still as she leaned backwards again the shower wall for support. His head was positioned right where he wanted, so he had a full view of everything. He leaned his cheek against the inside of her thigh, and used his right hand to travel upwards and explore. He lightly touched her completely swollen lips, only to find a heavy coating of pussy juice already covering them. Mike sucked in his breath slightly, he knew she was excited but had no idea she was this far. Her eyes were shut tightly against the spray of the water, unable to deal with what was happening. She had waited so long for this moment, it was almost unbearable. As he lightly grazed her clit with his fingers, she shivered with white-hot passion. He turned to kiss her thigh in several places, then took his index finger and slid it slowly up into her. 

"MIKE....Mike...oh god..." she choked. The response was immediate and her wet, swollen pussy closed tightly around his finger, making a helpless effort to move her hips, encouraging more penetration. He shuddered with her response, his already stiff penis turning into a piece of hot, hard granite. Mike's balls were so swollen and heavy, it was almost painful. He put his face close to her pussy in attempt to smell her scent, as he obliged her and added a second finger to the first. He wanted to badly to bury his face in her crotch, and make her cum again and again with his tongue, but knew there would be plenty of time for that later. 

She moaned in agony as he withdrew his fingers from her, and realized that they both only wanted one thing. Sarah reached forward to help him rip off his soaked clothes, and moaned in delight when she saw the throbbing erection trying to burst through his boxers. She pulled them off urgently, and although she needed his cock in her, she couldn't help herself and used her hands to cup his ass cheeks and to force his hard dick deep into her mouth. 

"AHHHHHHHH SARAH.....OH GOD..." Mike groaned deeply as the head of his cock slid along the back of her throat. Her mouth was hot and wet, and she was sucking on his cock like she was going to swallow it whole. He could feel the pre-cum leak like a tiny stream out of his cock and down into her throat. Without warning, she pulled her slippery mouth off his cock and replaced them with her hand, as she leaned under him and gently pulled his balls into her mouth. He groaned out loud again and again, as she delicately but firmly massaged his balls with her tongue, and then started to move backwards towards his ass hole. 

"FUCK SARAH, FUCK!!!" he cried out loud as he tongue pushed roughly into his asshole, leaving no time for games. She licked and sucked on his ass like an inside out popsicle. He was vaguely aware she was trying to jam as many fingers as possible up into herself, practically humping her own hand as she desperately ate his ass out. 

Feeling like his entire being was lodged somewhere between his balls and his cock, screaming to be emptied into Sarah, he backed away and roughly pulled her to her feet. Without a word, he pulled her up into his arms as she instinctively wrapped her legs around him. Penetration was immediate, and they both cried out with pleasure and held each other tighter. He thrust his hips upwards, driving his cock as far into her as he could go. Sarah squirmed and pushed back, moaning and calling his name.

Mike leaned forward and kissed her hard and urgently, as his tongue slid in and around her mouth. His heart was pounding in his chest, as his cock hammered in and out of her wet, swollen pussy. He closed his eyes, soaking in the feeling of being inside of her in every possible way. He slowly came back to the moment, and realized she was gasping and moaning for him to fuck her harder and deeper, which only enhanced his lust.

Sarah felt him shift, and she reluctantly let him withdraw from her, only to have her spin around and lean forward, resting her hands on the marble bench in the shower. He grabbed her hips and slid his cock right back into her, as she moaned with pleasure. Mike was able to fuck her with wild abandon, pounding her dripping wet pussy like a jackhammer. 

"OH YEAH, FUCK ME MIKE, FUCK ME, FUCK ME!!" Sarah yelled and moaned, in ecstasy over Mike's huge, rock-hard cock dominating her pussy and fucking the hell out of her. Her screams only drove him on, but realizing that his balls were heading towards the edge of no return. 

Once again he quickly withdrew from her, and then sat himself on the bench, pulling her right back on top of him, straddling him and allowing for complete penetration. 

Sarah moaned with pleasure, this new feeling even better than the other positions. She was able to shift her body to the side and lean back, exposing their coupled genitals and even see his cock trace a faint outline as it pushed upwards against her stomach. She shivered as she imagined him cumming deep in her womb, filling her with his creamy, hot sperm. Sarah kept picturing him pouring load after load of his hot cum in her, completely dominating her. 

They clutched onto each other tightly, alternating between kissing and biting each other along the neck and shoulders. They each moaned as different shifts of their bodies grinding together created new shockwaves that made them even hotter. As she leaned back again, eyes heavy with lust as she slid up and down, back and forth on his huge cock, he reached forward and put his thumb between her legs. Everything was so wet and slippery, he had no problem reaching her stretched out clit and rubbing it in small, quick circles.

"Sarah, I want you to cum....I want you to cum for me" he moaned, staring right into her eyes. Sarah shuddered and her pussy tightened on his cock. 

"Yes Mike, yes, I'm going to cum and I want you to cum in me, cum deep in me" she murmured helplessly.

"Once you cum, I'm going to squirt all the sperm I have deep into you. I want my balls to explode and every drop to go in you" he replied, voice heavy with lust. "I want you to beg for my cum, and then I will give it to you." He deliberately slowed down the circles of his thumb on her clit.

"No Mike, please don't stop, I need to you make me cum, I want you to cum, deep inside of me, cum deep inside of me...." She moaned in agony, grinding her hips down onto his cock. He started to speed up his thumb again, knowing he was going to cum any second.

"Please Mike, please, please, cum in me, I need your hot, creamy cum, please cum in me, PLEASE MIKE, PLEASE, FUCK ME, FUCK ME, OH GOD PLEASE...." She could feel tears forming in the corners of her eyes, she was so desperate for his wet sperm that she felt like she was going to pass out if she didn't get it right away.

"You want it? You want my cum deep inside you?" he panted, now both of them humping, grinding and sliding against each other as intensely as possible.

Sarah spread her legs wide open as she frantically rode his cock, pushing her clit up against his finger, now unable to control herself any more.

"YES, OH MY GOD, YES, I'M CUMMING, I'M CUMMING, MIKE I'M CUMMING, FUCK MIKE, FUCK ME, FUCK ME, MIKE, MIKE, OH GOD!!!!!" she sobbed and screamed at the same time feeling her orgasm spread from between her legs to all over her body. She cried and shuddered and would have taken his entire body in between her legs if it were possible.

"SARAH, SARAH, I'M GOING TO FILL YOU WITH MY CUM, I'M GOING TO FILL YOU WITH SPERM, I'M CUMMING I'M CUMMING" he yelled, as his balls tightened into tight sacs, as the sperm began to travel up into his cock and out into her. He yelled and gripped her tightly, feeling wave after wave of hot, fertile sperm flow up out of his cock and into her. 

They held each other tightly, heaving and shuddering under the massive explosions of their orgasms. He then turned off the water, grabbing a towel for each of them and wrapped her tightly in one. They made it to the bed, and rested before the next shower time.