 The fourth chapter of "A Gamer Has to Game". I hope that those that read the first three chapters find this one just as interesting. And as beginner in erotica, I do look forward to your comments and suggestions. 

Please feel free to be critical of anything you find not to your liking. After-all, an author/writer cannot grow without first being torn down. And if you enjoy the story so far, by all means drop me a line.

CONTINUED FROM EARLIER...

A few times in the early morning we both stirred and made a few trips to the bathroom. Both of us were pretty wiped out by the night before. But as always I was up around 5 am. It never fails been waking up that early every day since I was old enough to get up and walk on my own. A quick freshening up and I was dressed in sweats taking the stairs down to the lobby, good thing the hotel comes with a nice gym for the guest. I enjoy a good workout to stretch the old joints and muscles. A good 45 minutes and I had a good sweat and aching, but in a good way. A swift jog up the stairs and I was back in the room, she's still asleep. Well, nothing to do except grab a quick shower.

Toweling off I heard a familiar buzzing, "Damn it's the phone." 

I looked at the ID, "Crap it's early for Carl to be calling from work." I got dressed real quick and slipping out the door. 

I called him back. "Yo, Carl, what's shaking this morning?"

"Chuck, the supervisor on the site called me, seems they got a problem with some control. One of the operators out there was moving a crane and tore out half the control on the west side. He needs it back up before 8 this morning, He said he'd be out there waiting on ya to help."

I just sighed, "Okay Carl, but you know this is fucking up my time off you know? Shit just tell him I'll be there in about 15, but if I have to do this shit again while I'm off he's paying cash up front."

"Sure, look the only reason I called is cause your still up there otherwise I would have told him tough shit. I appreciate it Chuck."

"Alright Carl, no need to kiss my ass that deep. I'll call ya when it's done." 

I hung up and slipped into the room and looked at Susan, snoozing like fresh fed baby. Well if I got to leave her here might as well have some fun with it. I looked into one of my drawers till I found the bondage ties and gently tied and clipped her into place. A few minutes of easing things this way and that she was spread eagle and secured. I went and found the vibrators from the night before and cleaned them up, with a little lube and patience they found their place again inside her. Then I folded a piece of paper and wrote, "Will be back shortly, work called. Next time be up before me!"

Out the door with the equipment, I got stopped in the lobby passing the front desk by Heather, my cheerful and extremely helpful curious little kitty. 

"Morning Sir, I hope your night out was pleasant. If there's anything I can do to ensure a pleasurable visit, please let me know"

"Ah, Miss Heather. Yes, in fact there is. I'll be back shortly, could you take some granola, milk, yogurt and fresh sliced fruit up the room. After last night and the workout, I've built up an appetite. You can just leave it in the room and I'll tend to it when I get back."

I leaned over the desk and smiled at her and whispered, "Feel free to help yourself to anything in there and get a quick workout in yourself, just make sure to clean up and put things back. Make sure to leave the lights off and don't mind the bed, leave it alone. Okay?" 

I give her a quick wink. As I backed away from the desk I watch as she forces herself to swallow like there's a lump the size of peach pit in her throat. The trap was baited and set, just have to wait for the little kitty to step into it, I walk away with a smile.

Just as I was getting to the site I figured Heather would be in the room or about to step in. If she's a good girl she'll behave and not mess with Susan who's probably sound asleep still. Well we'll have to fix that, a quick swipe of the app and I imagine Susan is having a rude but pleasant wake up. And with that I went on and met up with the supervisor. It took us about 45 minutes to get all the control back in. Wrapping it all I packed all the gear back into the car and was dusting off when the supervisor offered me a cup of coffee. 

"No thanks, hate coffee, but if you got a cold coke in the office I could use one. I'll meet you in there in a sec." 

He nodded and headed the office. I quickly dug my phone out and opened the app and set it to the roller coaster setting again and cranked the intensity up. Then I called the front desk of the hotel. Within a few rings I heard a male voice answer the phone. 

"Hello, Capitol Rock Hotel, Charles speaking. How can I direct your call?" I could tell that the fellow was young even over the phone.

"Yes, Hello Charles, is Miss Heather there?"

"No Sir, she is on an errand for one of our guest, said she'd be gone for unknown time."

I grinned knowing she was probably in the room. I decided to check on her progress, "I see, well I was the guest that sent her on the errand she mentioned. Is there any way to contact her?"

"Yes Mr. Chuck, I'll direct your call to her cell phone, it'll be just a minute."

It took a few rings before she answered the phone, "Hello, this is Heather."

I could tell by her voice she was either enjoying the hell out of one of the toys or was running a marathon.

"Hey Miss Heather, its Chuck. Are you enjoying yourself in the room? I hope you left the lights off as I asked and left the bed alone."

"Yes Mr. Chuck, I'm enjoying the room a lot. I used my phone's screen to find my way around in here. And umm, Sir there's a woman in your bed tied down and she's rather worked up at the moment."

Indeed in the background I could hear Susan going buck wild with orgasmic joy. 

"Is she okay Sir? I mean she's all tied up and is cumming left and right, it's kind of hot to be honest."

"Yes Heather, she's doing just fine. She was my date for the night and my fuck toy for the duration of my stay. She's just learning her lesson at the moment for not being up before me and giving me a proper wake up." 

I could hear Susan crying out for somebody to answer her, she kept hollering between cries of pleasure about who was there, where I was, who tied her up. God bless her, she must have been beside herself not knowing what was going on. 

"Heather, put me on speaker phone and hold the phone close to the bed."

"Go ahead Mr. Chuck, the speaker is on and the phone is close to her."

"Susan, can you hear me my little fuck slut?"

"Yes, oh God yes. Where are you? Who is this in the room? Why am I tied up? Oh god make them stop please, I can't take anymore. Please!" 

I could hear sobs between her pleadings. I almost felt bad.

"Shhh, calm down, pet." I opened the app and turned it down by half to give her a little time to breathe, "Now listen, who the girl is, is not your concern. You're being punished for not being up before me and giving me a proper wake up with your mouth. And I had to go to the jobsite to do some things, I'll get back when I get back. Till then you will have to enjoy your punishment." 

With that I cranked the app back up to the previous setting. 

"Okay turn the speaker off and go back over to where you were sitting, I wish to talk to you." A minute passed of hearing Susan's orgasms rocking her.

"Okay Mr. Chuck, I'm back over in the recliner."

"So are you naked and are you enjoying all this Heather."

"Yes sir. I found a nice size dildo and it feels so good. And all I have on is my bra and shirt at the moment. Does that please you?" She cooed through the phone.

"It does. Look I have to spend some time away from the room. I want you to enjoy yourself for as long as you like, okay? I'll call the front desk and tell them I have need of an assistant for the day and that you're not to be bothered while you're running my 'errands' for me."

"Thanks, so that means I can fuck myself silly with this monster?" Heather giggled.

"Yeah, I suppose so. Also, since she knows you're there and I'm sure your dripping. Why don't you let her clean you up between your playing with yourself? You're not allowed to touch her, but tell her Master says to eat your pussy clean. You can make her do it as much as you want, but remember you can't touch her at all or you won't be allowed back to the room, understand?"

"Yes Sir, you know I aim to please and make sure my guest are well tended to." 

I could hear her gasping, most likely from the huge dildo being pushed back inside her tight young pussy. 

"Okay then Heather, enjoy and one more thing, her name is Susan, but you are to call her fuck toy and refer to me as her master only, okay?"

"Will do, oh this is going to be fun," she was giggling like crazy.

"Okay, have fun and goodbye Heather."

"Goodbye Sir," she sighed as she hung up the phone.

I hung up the phone and headed into the field office on the site to grab that coke and shoot the shit with the supervisor for a little while. At least enough time for the kitty to get herself some decent pleasure. Supervisor and I talked a good bit enjoying the AC, him, his coffee, and me, my ice cold coke and discussed my fee. Meanwhile in the hotel room...

Right after I hung with Heather she commenced to slowly fuck herself into a yelping orgasm with the long dildo. She marveled at the slick toy, big as her wrist but it slid into her waiting gash like it was made for her. She relished how the head spread and mushroomed as it hit her cervix. Before long she had her blouse open and pulled her tits from her bra to play with them.

The sounds of Susan furiously being stimulated by the duel vibrators in her pussy and ass only drove her further into lust filled rapture. It wasn't long before she decided to have fun with the poor little thing on the bed. Carefully she finished stripping and walked over to the bed, the sunlight filtering in from the closed curtains was enough to let her make out Susan on the bed. She eyed her over, hands and feet bound, cuffs and ties holding them in place. Two straps over her chest one above and another below her tits. She watched as the poor thing was pinned tightly to the bed, the only part of her freely moving was her hips which furiously fucked the air as if fucking a ghostly cock.

Heather's fingers slipped between her own legs as she watched. God she was wet, well she was told to keep herself cleaned up. 

Susan looked up at her with pleading eyes. "Please take them out, I can't take any...any...anymore, oh god...fuck!" Susan's eyes welled up with tears, either from helplessness or pure fucking joy. 

It didn't matter to Heather, not one bit. Silently she climbed up on the bed and stood up on it, one foot on either side of Susan's head. She began to lower herself down, holding onto the headboard to steady herself. Susan looked up in horror at the descending pussy, pierced clit hood, lips and all, above her face. Fuck juices dripping from its lips onto her face. 

Susan closed her eyes and shook her head in vain, "No, don't do this, please. Stop. Stop, no!"

"Shut up, fuck toy! Your master told me to use you to keep my pussy clean and I plan on that being done. That's right fuck toy, he said I should call you that and that I can't touch you, so whatever you have up inside you stays till he gets back. Now suck my pussy dry damn it." Heather dropped her ass and pussy down on the pleading face unceremoniously and gasped in relief. 

Susan still was shaking her head in objection, it made no difference to Heather. She began to slowly rock her pussy across her mouth and nose, intently trying to shut her air off for a few seconds to get her attention. Heather kept trying to get Susan's face to stop moving. A minute passed by of this sorted tug of war, before Heather's frustration was mounting. Suddenly she dropped her knees and used her ankles to pinned Susan's head still and bared all her weight down on her. She waited till the head under her pussy stopped struggling, till she raised up back to standing. Susan gasped in relief, her lungs heaving to become filled.

"Now listen fuck toy! I want my pussy eaten and cleaned. Your master said I could and you're going to do it, damn it. I can't slap you around to get it across but I can sure as hell do what I just did again and again till you calm your ass down and do what you're told. Now are you going to be a nice fuck toy and eat me or a nasty little bitch that's going to get smothered?" 

Susan began to sob a little, either from the humiliation, frustration, anger or the aching pain coming from her pussy. 

"Good, now let's try this again." Heather eased herself back down and sighed in relief to find a waiting tongue and suckling lips. 

It was heavenly, Susan's tongue lapped at her pussy and clit with warm long strokes, dipping into her wanting pussy deeply. Heather focused on balancing herself and the oral pleasures she was receiving. A wicked smile came across her face, she was going to play with this fuck toy.

"Oh, that's nice, you're great with that mouth of yours. Oh I can see why your master is having you punished for denying him that." She steadily rocked her pussy across Susan's face, her clit rubbing against Susan's nose occasionally. 

"Why would you not want to wake him up with a blowjob? I mean, he's got a great looking cock, don't you think?" 

With that, Susan's whole body jumped in a startled shock, she thought to herself, "How does she know? She couldn't have. He wouldn't have, would he?"

Heather's smile broadened, "Oh, you didn't know did you. I came up yesterday evening and well...I helped him get dressed, but not before I had that beautiful fuck stick in my mouth and pussy." 

Heather began laughing, "He's a wonderful fuck don't you think? I mean, he's no George Clooney, but man oh man can he fuck the shit out of a girl. It's a shame he was in a hurry to see you though. I would have loved to have that piece up my ass." 

Susan was furious at the little tramp using her, how dare she take her master's cock. Susan suckled on her lips and used her teeth to nibble on the piercings fiercely.

Heather purred, her spurring did exactly what she was wanting, an angry fuck is the best kind there is, "Ah yeah that's it fuck toy. He took that pussy you're eating right now, even had my ass stretched with his fingers, you can probably see the hand prints from that spanking he gave me too while he had me bent over." 

Heather was close and Susan was getting madder by the minute with the whore on top of her talking about Chuck as if he was her conquest and not the other way around. He was the conqueror, not her. Susan gave the pussy above her everything her mouth had, till she felt the shuddering of the little bitch's hips as Heather began to cum. 

"Oh fuck yeah, eat me you damn fuck toy, eat that pussy...oh yeah!" Heather's orgasm came on quick and it was beautiful, causing those little flashes of light under her eyelids as she squeezed them tightly close.

Susan was relieved as Heather got up and got off the bed, hell through all of that she had forgotten about the aching buzzing in her ass and pussy which suddenly came back to her. She struggled to watch Heather get dressed and clean the dildo. Putting it back where she found it, Heather turned around to see Susan's hips still fucking the air. She giggled and quickly left the room, making sure to slip the "Do Not Disturb" sign over the door handle.

Back at the jobsite, I was enjoying the bullshit session with the supervisor and some of the crew when I get a call, it's a local number. "Hello?"

A cute giggle came over the phone, "Umm...Mr. Chuck? Or is it Master Chuck? It's Heather. God you should have been there, it was so much fun."

I excused myself from the conversation with the guys. "So you had fun? Good, I trust you followed the rules?"

"Yes Sir, I didn't put my hands, lips or body on her. She's such a good pussy licker, I can see with a mouth like hers' why you wanted to be woke up with a blowjob. But she did resist me at first."

Heather recounted all the happenings to me after we had hung up earlier. I smiled deeply knowing Susan was informed of my doings before our meeting. 

"So did you fuck her last night on your date? She really put a fight up, but she warmed up to me pretty quick once I told her who was in charge."

"Yeah, I fucked her and she me. I'm glad you know how to handle a plastic toy or a flesh toy. So how would you like to have a few days off if your boss agrees to it?" My plans for Susan were flowing along nicely.

"Oh you know I would," she squealed so loudly that I had to pull the phone from my ear.

"Good but in exchange for me doing that you're going to be at my beckon and call, think you can handle that my little kitten?" I smirked, "Of course I'll make sure you're compensated for your time, say twice your pay for the days off I swing for ya?" Again I pulled my phone away as a shriek of an excited young woman rang through the speaker.

"That would be so awesome! So what would I have to do?" 

I explained to her nothing she didn't want to or she could spend the time doing what she wanted wherever. So long as when I called she was there to do what I wanted. 

"Yes, Sir you got a deal and I love the little kitten nickname, it's cute. So what nickname can I use for you?" 

I told her Mr. Chuck was suitable and preferred. I told her for her first assignment was to go back upstairs. Once there she was to tell Susan that I would be back shortly, then to untie her and tell her the breakfast was for her and that the laptop was already set up for her to keep herself busy before I got back. She agreed, though she was worried Susan would attack her, I assured her that wouldn't be an issue and once Susan was untied and informed, to meet me downstairs in the lobby.

I went back into the work trailer and got my fee from the supervisor. Two thousand wasn't a bad chunk of change for a quick morning of work. The supervisor was glad to pay it, just to keep things on schedule. I walked out to the car. I waved at the guys at the site, said my goodbyes and went on to the hotel. 

Once there I got in touch with the hotel manager and told him I was in need of an assistant to help with paperwork and errands while I staying there. He seemed a bit put off about the whole thing, but after a little talking it over, he agreed so long as she wasn't on the hotel's time clock. I told him that I would reimburse her for her time and that I was planning on referring all of our company's business here when we are in the area as a thank you for his cooperation. As I was walking out of manager's office I was almost ran over by Heather as she was coming out of the employee locker room with her purse and in her normal attire.

"So did I get any days off?" she grinned like a kid in a candy store.

"Yeah, your boss was a tough nut. But he agreed kiddo. So let's go, there's a few things needing to be done and to discuss. But first we need to get you a few clothes that are more suitable for the week."

I walked her out the lobby to the car and off we went, I figured Susan would need at least four hours before she was even in able to put words together and talk much less fuck me in retribution for her little punishment.

TO BE CONTINUED...