 We've waited so long to actually meet. We are both a bit nervous and you've arrived before me so I have no time to "prepare" myself. I knock on the door and I realize you've left it open just a bit to allow me to be able to just come on in. I open the door and see you sitting on the edge of the bed waiting on me. I close the door and turn...walking slowly towards you. I lean down and place my hands on your thighs and lean forward pressing my lips to yours. I literally feel the spark when our lips meet - THIS is what I've been waiting for! You sit up and pull me to you deepening the kiss. I pull back and push you back just slightly so you are leaned back on the bed...I take a step back and slowly begin to undress in front of you - watching you the whole time seeing you react as each piece of clothing drops to the floor. I see your pupils dilate with desire...I know you are desperate to get your hands on me - to see if my skin is as soft as it looks. I continue slowly undressing - teasing you as I do by caressing my body like I know you want to. 

Finally you can't stand it any longer and you reach for me, pulling me roughly to you. You reach around and grab my round ass with both your hands, squeezing hard. You then run your hands slowly up my body -- yes, my skin is just as soft as you imagined you reach around to undo my bra letting it slide off my arms and revealing my tits. Your mouth finds its way to my nipples nipping and sucking as you cup them with your hands. They are perfect, filling your hands with just a little leftover with none going to waste! You lavish attention on both of my nipples and then kiss your way up my chest and neck and finally back to my mouth. As we are kissing, you reach back around and grab my ass pulling me to you so that I can feel how hard you've gotten. I moan having a good idea of what's waiting me inside those pants. I pull your shirt over your head and slide my hands down your chest and to the button on your pants...wanting to see for myself what I'm in for. I unbutton your pants and slowly unzip them looking in your eyes the whole time. I reach down and pull out your hard dick .....my eyes get a bit big at what I see. You had told me, but I didn't honestly believe you and fortunately for me I was oh so wrong. My mouth begins to water and I drop to my knees, I want that erect cock in my mouth now. I wrap my lips around it and slowly slide my mouth down and then back up - I'm just teasing your right now. Your certain there's no way I can take it all but I look up at you from my knees and slide my mouth all...the...way...down. 

You are very surprised...In a very good way. I continue looking up at you and sucking your hard cock and rubbing your balls at the same time. You get so turned on that you yank me to my feet and turn me around and push me onto the bed climbing up between my legs. You bury your fact in my hot wet pussy and I grab the sheets at the wonderful attack you are performing. You continue until I'm begging you to please fuck me...I desperately want to feel your dick deep inside me. You sit up and put my legs on your shoulder and slam your rock hard cock in me as deeply as you can. You give me a few seconds to adjust and to enjoy the feel of the hot tightness wrapped around you. You being punishing my pussy slamming it in and out over and over until I'm screaming and you feel my pussy tighten around you. You drive into me again and again prolonging the orgasm and then you explode deep inside me so hard I can feel you filling me with your hot cum. You collapse on top of me and I wrap myself around you. We kiss and nuzzle each other as our heartbeats return to normal. I look at you and tell you THAT was definitely worth the wait!

We lay there and stroke one another, not saying a word. The only sounds are our contented moaning and breathing becoming lighter. Your hands caress my chest as I run my fingers over your back, shoulders, and thru your hair. We could do this for hours unending. We chat, giggle, talk about how wonderful it was and what we enjoyed. But all this touching has awoken something in us both.

We can't get enough of one another.

Your hands explore more and more again....yes to where I enjoy being rubbed the most. Your hands stroke and caress my balls that cause me to mmmmm and squirm in ecstasy. But this has another effect as well for you see my cock begin to stiffen and dance, vying for your attention. We lock lips once again as you stroke my rock hard cock, my hands cupping your ass. You whisper in my ear that your ass is mine for the taking. You softly break away and turn so your ass is in the air. To my surprise you insert one, then 2 fingers in your own ass as a testament to how much you desire me there. This show is too much for me!! I come up from behind and take your clit in my mouth, and begin alternating between a sucking and licking torrent upon you all while you pleasure your own ass. Once again you grip the sheets in front of you as waves of delicious pleasure rack your body. I lick my way to your ass and begin making love to it with my tongue, all while massaging your perfect buttocks with my hands. I can tell by the way you buck and gyrate that this is feels great and an extreme turn on for you. I kiss my way up your back as I ease my way into your awaiting love nest. I pull your hair as I begin pumping my erect manhood in and out all the while working your ass with 1, then 2, then 3 fingers. I know that lube is here somewhere.....oh yes there it is...it's time for you to feel your non vibrating toy in your ass while my cock works your pussy. You climax again and again under my relenting assault on both your holes. 

I think it's time, but instead from behind I think we should do this differently. I have you lie on your back with your feet on my shoulders and place your vibrating toy within reach. I stand at the edge of the bed and slowly, carefully take your ass as my sole property. Your eyes close; you relax and coo as I slowly fill your ass with my cock. You've never felt so alive, so desired. Your throbbing clit once again demands attention and affection so you take up your vibrator and hold it on your clit, every now and again dipping it deep inside of you as you work yourself into frenzy. That look on your face, the way you bite your lower lip, damn what a woman you are! In spite of myself my rhythm quickens and becomes more furious. You've dropped your toy! Doesn't matter now, because you've become a screaming, insatiable version of yourself as once again orgasms violently rack your body over and over. I grip your hips tight and half lift you off the bed as I fill your ass in a title wave of my seed. Once again, I collapse on you. You hold me as my cock, still twitching inside you gradually softens as you think to yourself, "Boy am I gonna am I gonna be sore tomorrow!"

So worth it though.