 “Get out of the bed lazy bones!” Erin shouted as she yanked the sheets from my body. As I lie there rubbing my eyes and squinting at the clock I could tell it wasn’t even 7am yet. The “6” was pretty clear but the other numbers couldn’t be read through my kaleidoscope eyes. 

The morning coolness in the room was familiar. Like every other day of her life Erin had just returned from her morning run and, as usual, had left the door wide open, allowing the cool outside air to sprint in with her and nibble at my now exposed body. As my eyes focused to the room and the light, I could now read that the clock said 6:46am. Looking at Erin I could only wish for half the energy she had. 

Acting out the rest of what had become a morning ritual for us I grumbled a bit as I grabbed the sheet and pulled it back over me, flipping quickly as I wrapped it back over me. On my stomach now, Erin, as usual, pounced onto my back and started with her chirpy, upbeat prattle. Over the time that we had been together I had learned to filter out her words (which were always about all the things she saw while running that morning) and use it as a chance to lie there and give my other senses a workout. The feeling of her warm, toned body. 

The sight of her well-conditioned form. The unmistakable smell of blended fragrances and sweat. All of these things were the real pleasures I enjoyed as her 125 pounds straddled me and urged me from my warm bed. 

“How far did you go today?” I finally asked. 

“Three miles,” she replied. “But we took Lockerman Hill in record time.” She proudly added. Lockerman Hill was a killer hill with a steep grade. Athletes got a true litmus test when they ran its mile-long path. 

“We?” I asked, surprised that her new running partner would be able to tackle it so soon after beginning running with Erin. 

“Yeah,” Erin replied, “Jim struggled a bit but he used to run before he moved here. I’m whipping him back in shape pretty quickly!” She said the last part with a sexy impish grin on her face as she shadowboxed the open space in front of her. 

Starting to get up from the bed, I sunk back down and relaxed as Erin began getting ready to shower by stripping her clothes off. In seconds, she was standing a few feet away from me, completely naked. Continuing her conversation with me, Erin continued talking without the slightest hint of self-consciousness. Truth be told, she had no reason to be. She has a stunning form; tall, lean, and toned, she exemplifies the ideal female form. Well-shaped muscles and tight skin cover her 24-year-old body from head to toe. With a flat stomach and firm perky breasts that seem to defy gravity, its hard to find a flaw in Erin at all. As she went to the bathroom I made my way up and into the kitchen. Closing the door Erin had left open, Erin started talking again from inside the shower.

“Freddie, do you want to go out to dinner tonight?” She asked. 

“I guess so,” I replied as I made my way to the refrigerator. “Why do you ask?"

"Well,” Erin said, “Jim’s sister is in town and he is taking her out but he is kinda new to town too and he asked if we wanted to suggest a place to eat tonight. I thought it would be a good idea; we could help him out and you can meet him too."

"Sounds fine to me. Go ahead and pick a place. I’ll be sure to be home by five.” I said. After eating a quick breakfast and hitting the shower, I dressed and left for work.

When I returned home that evening Erin was almost ready to go out already. “Hurry up and get ready hon,” she said as I entered the door, “I had to make reservations at Gurraco’s at seven in order to get a table."

"Gurraco’s?” I questioned in a surprised tone, “My, My! We are certainly treating the visitors well, aren’t we?"

"Just hurry up!” she said again as she pushed me towards the bathroom. I rushed to get ready and we made the trip across town with about ten minutes to spare. I could understand Erin’s urgency though. Gurraco’s was a very ritzy place to enjoy a meal and they didn’t hold reservations very long for us commoners when we didn’t show on time. Jim and his sister were in the lobby when we entered. The waitress escorted us to our table immediately and we introduced ourselves to one another as we walked towards the back of the restaurant. 

After a quick handshake with Jim, he and Erin led the way with Jim’s sister and I falling in behind. We shook hands as we walked and she spoke first. “Hi, I’m Heather, but you can call me ‘Collateral’.” She said with a humorous smile on her face. 

“Freddie. Nice to meet you Heather.” I said, all the while thinking to myself, “Did she just say Collateral? What kind of name is that?” 

After being seated and ordering appetizers the introductions proceeded further but Heather never mentioned her unusual nickname again. Jim had leaned over and whispered something to her as soon as they had sat down and I figured she was just cracking a private joke or I had heard her wrong. 

The four of us chatted for a while, sharing some personal history with one another and Jim and Heather both seemed to be very nice people. Our dinner arrived and, as advertised, it was great. We ordered desserts and Erin excused herself, saying that she had seen an old friend and wanted to go say hello. Jim, Heather, and I continued talking and were getting along very well when Jim’s pager went off. 

“You’ll have to excuse me for a minute. This must be fairly important or I wouldn’t have been paged; I’d better check it out.” He said as he was standing up. 

“So,” Heather said. “Kinda like getting voted off the island, huh?” she said as she smiled.

“Yeah!” I said with a real chuckle. During the evening I had come to appreciate Heather’s youthful demeanor. She was about as old as Erin but during the evening had made use of some words and phrases that had led me to believe she had a younger circle of friends. 

We continued talking and I completely lost track of the time until I glanced down at my watch and saw that Erin had been gone for nearly thirty minutes. Heather looked at her watch and then at me with a “What?” expression on her face. I began scanning the restaurant with no sight of Erin anywhere. I stood up to get a better view but Heather broke in by placing her hand on mine and pulling me back down to the table. 

“Umm, Freddie?” She said without waiting for a reply. “I need to tell you something. They’re gone."

"What?! What do you mean, who?” I blurted out. “Jim and Erin. They’re gone…together.” She said as she raised her eyebrow in a way that begged me to understand.

“What do you mean gone? And what do you mean together Heather? What the hell are you talking about?” I asked rapidly, all the while standing from the table and becoming angrier by the second as I was quickly assuming her answers. Again, Heather pulled me down and this time she left her hand on top of mine.

“Ok, this is weird because I thought you knew but obviously you don’t so let me try to explain.” She said. Realizing I was clueless but having a very good sense at what had just happened I sat there and asked her to go on. What she told me next was just unreal. 

She said that Erin and Jim had become very attracted to one another and that they wanted to be with one another but never had. They had planned the evening’s events and had asked Heather to go along with the idea. Heather had, at first, thought that I knew what was going on but Jim had told her when they arrived at the restaurant that they had not told me. 

“I thought it was just a swapping, open relationship or something Freddie. I didn’t know it was like this.” She told me at one point. 

“And you were going to just go along with it if it was?” I asked her. 

“Yeah,” she replied with a smile, “I’m open to new ideas. I’m not a prude.” 

Although her candid and casual speech was lightening the mood, I was still furious and beleaguered. 

“So what do we do now?” I asked her. 

“Well,” she said, “Do you remember when I introduced myself as “Collateral” earlier this evening?"

"Yes,” I replied. 

“Well, at the time I thought you knew all about this and I was trying to break the ice. I’m the collateral.” She said. 

“I don’t understand.” I told her. 

“Erin told me that she didn’t know if she could actually go through with all of this but if they left the restaurant and didn’t return after 20 minutes that my part was to stay with you until she returned. They had joked about it yesterday and had started calling me the collateral, that you would keep me until Erin came back. That’s why I said that.”

Suddenly, things were clearing up. This had been a planned out event, only I was not informed of the plans. The biggest thing that kept popping up in my mind was how Erin had become willing to act like such a slut. This was not like her at all. She was by no means conservative but this was extreme. As angry and furious as I was, I had to admit it was working out quite nicely. Jim had enjoyed a great dinner with Erin this evening and was now getting ready to lay her down and give her a good fucking and my girlfriend was all for it! 

Heather was obviously not objecting and the strange events had a way of stirring some odd emotions in me as well. Sure, my girlfriend was probably somewhere sucking another man’s cock right now but at least she had left me with a hell of a consolation prize. At some point after ordering another nightcap and swigging it down I decided to be a good boy and play my part. After all, the alternative was to go home alone and be furious all night. 

“What do we do now Heather?” I asked with a smile, trying to let her know that I wasn’t going to do anything brash. 

“Why don’t we go to your place?” she said with a grin similar to the one Erin had flashed at me earlier that morning. “I think it would serve your little slut right to come home tomorrow and see that you hadn’t been lonely tonight.” 

Sensing that things were definitely improving, Heather and I left. Jim had even been nice enough to pick up the tab before he left.

Pulling out into the street, I glanced over to the passenger seat and really began to look at Heather closely for the first time. I had already noticed that she was a very attractive woman, very different from Erin in her looks, but still, very attractive, but I had not really looked her body over. Noticing me, Heather picked up playing the part perfectly. “Like what you see, baby?” she asked. 

“Yes, very much.” I responded. 

“That’s nice baby,” she purred, “Because I’m going to make you forget all about how your girlfriend is sucking my brother’s cock tonight.” Her play on words were drawing me between anger and arousal. “Is she a good cock sucker Freddie?” she asked as she slid closer to me and placed her hand on my crotch and began rubbing my cock through my pants. “Does that slut suck you like you like to feel when you have your dick in a woman’s mouth?” 

My dick was quickly responding to her nasty words. She unzipped my pants and wrapped her fingers around my cock. As she spoke she would tighten and loosen her grip with her tones as she slowly stroked me. “What’s the matter baby? Why are you so hard? I’ll bet I know what it is. I’ll bet Erin is a little goody two shoes, isn’t she? She probably hasn’t been sucking your cock at all, has she?"

"Well my brother won’t go for that,” she said as she quickened her strokes. “By the time he’s finished making her swallow his big prick tonight she’ll be eager to give you what you need every day.” Throbbing harder now, my cock began leaking pre-cum onto Heather’s fingers. Noticing, she pulled the side of her index finger up to her lips and tasted it. “Mmm!” she said, “I think I need to take your mind off of your girlfriend. I hope we’re not too far from your house.” 

A few minutes later we pulled into my driveway. I got out of the car and she slid out on my side also. Closing the door behind her, she pushed me back into the fender of the car and began a long and wet kiss. As her tongue raced inside my mouth I could feel her lips pressing firm against mine and then the rest of her body followed suit as her tits and hips pressed into me. Her hands were at my waist as we continued kissing until she began tugging at my pants. Unable and not wanting to stop her, Heather slid my pants and underwear down my legs. 

Breaking from our kiss, she immediately descended until she was on her knees in my driveway with her hot, wet mouth on my cock. I briefly tried to come to my senses, wandering what the neighbors would think if they saw me standing in my driveway getting my dick sucked by this hot blonde but she broke my will to resist her as her tongue raced up and down my throbbing cock, unashamedly making lewd slurping noises as she took me in and out of her mouth. 

My balls began constricting as I watched her long blonde locks splash back and forth over my cock. Her blonde hair was very different from the view I normally enjoy when Erin’s jet-black hair is in that position. As she threw her head back I caught a view of her lips as they brushed against my pubic hair, trying to go even deeper. Beginning to feel an inevitable orgasm coming, I grunted, not knowing what Heather wanted to do. She quickly stood and turned me towards my car and began jacking me off furiously. Within seconds I started blasting streams of cum across my car hood. I was still cumming as Heather pulled me towards the house. 

“I bet we have some catching up to do!” she said as we stumbled past the door and through the house towards the bedroom. 

“What do you mean?” I asked. 

“Well, knowing my brother, he’s probably already fucked your girlfriend’s little pussy two or three times by now. We don’t want to be left behind do we?” 

Before I could answer we had made it to the bedroom. Eyeing the bed she began helping me out of the rest of my clothing. Kicking off her shoes, she jumped to the center of the bed and, on her knees, began drawing me towards her. My hands found the outside of her thighs as we kissed and I began pushing her dress up to her waist. 

“You know baby,” she panted as she slid her panties down until they rested on her right ankle, “I really enjoyed sucking your cock for you out there in the driveway. But I’m going to enjoy giving you the best fuck of your life right here on your and Erin’s bed.”

My cock was already beginning to feel sore and red from the intense blowjob Heather had given me on the way home but it had begun hardening again, as I was eager to screw this young beauty’s brains out. Pulling her top down, she was now wearing her skirt like a belt. A moist blonde patch of wet hair was sitting in the spot where I normally fucked Erin and her aroma caused my dick to twitch and stir even more. 

Grabbing her by the waist I quickly pulled her to me, holding her waist with one hand while grabbing a handful of her large, round tit with the other. This was not going to be gentle or caring. Heather’s actions and words had gotten me worked up into a sexual craze. All I could think about at the time was Jim fucking my girlfriend over and over and me doing the same to Heather. Heather’s tits were much larger than Erin’s. 

Grabbing one roughly I began kneading it firmly as I put my tongue to her nipple. She let out a gasp of excitement as I licked and sucked on her and then another as I ran my other hand through her pubic hair very quickly and split her wet pussy lips. Running two fingers inside her and being covered with her hot cunt’s juice, I decided I had to fuck her right then. Pulling her up, I pushed my thick, swollen head past her lips and buried my cock deep inside her on the first push. She responded by wrapping her arms and legs around my body and pulling closer. 

Still sitting in the middle of the bed she began riding my cock as I moved up and down until she was practically bouncing up and down on my cock like a pogo stick. Faster and harder, the room was overtaken by noises of our bodies slapping together in a wet, smacking sound, my grunts, and her rhythmic “Oh’s” and “Ughn’s”. 

“That’s it baby!” she screamed. “Fuck me…fuck my little pussy baby…fuck my little cunt real good!"

"Oh God! Oh God! I’m gonna cum!” was all she could get out as she started slowing down, arching her back more. Lying her on her back, I raised to my knees, grabbed her ankles, and spread her legs wide. Her pussy was gaping now like it has just passed a tennis ball, wet and red but begging for more. Fully stuffing my cock into her again, she gasped as I felt her hot little muff squeeze my cock. Holding her legs spread wide as I resumed pumping in and out of her I began kissing her ankles and feet, my tongue licking and darting up and down her foot and leg. 

“Play with your clit,” I told her. “Rub it while I fuck this little pussy.” Obeying immediately, she shamelessly began pinching and rubbing her little button in a lewd manner, writhing as my strokes became outright pounding. Her large tits rolled back and forth as I watched her eyes roll back and forth as she gasped for air when I would withdrawal. 

“You like that, baby?” I shouted. “You like getting fucked by my big hard cock, don’t you?” 

A series of “Ahs”, “Mmms” and “Eees” was all she could muster, not able to catch her breath to speak as I relentlessly hammered her with my dick. Her squeals became higher pitched as she approached her orgasm until she finally caught enough breath to speak.

“You’re making me cum!” she hissed. “Yeah, fuck me! Fuck me! That’s so good! God, I’m cumming!” 

My prick stiffened even more as I felt her body begin to shake. “I gonna cum, baby!” I managed. “Close. Gonna cum! Gonna…cummmm!” I could see her flat stomach still twitching as line after line of white sperm splattered across it. Wiping her stomach clean as best she could with a sheet, we lie back on the bed and dozed off for what seemed like minutes.

At 6am the alarm went off that Erin set each morning for her runs. After taking a few moments to become coherent, I realized that Erin wasn’t there and fumbled to turn it off. The sound had woken Heather and she rolled over and began rubbing her hands up and down my side and stomach. I was starting to come back to my senses and become angry as I came to terms with what Erin and I had done last night but Heather reeled me back in before I could do anything. 

Without saying a word she sat up in the bed across from me and began rubbing her feet up and down my legs. The farther she crept towards my groin, the more my flaccid cock began to stir. By the time her toes made their way up to my balls, I was solidly erect and horny. Just then the telephone rang. Heather began running her painted toes up and down my prick as I answered.

“Hello.” I said.

“Good morning honey.” said the weary voice on the other end. It was Erin. 

“Did you have a good time last night?” I asked in a pseudo angry tone. 

“Oh yes dear. It was everything I hoped it would be. Jim is insatiable. He didn’t stop fucking me until about an hour ago.” Erin said calmly. “Does it run in the family?” she asked cheerfully. 

“Yes it does,” I replied as I watched Heather continue stroking my cock with her toes. 

“Is she still there?” Erin asked. 

“Yes, she’s getting ready to give me a wonderful blowjob." I replied. Taking the cue, Heather smiled as she rose up and buried her mouth over my cock. 

“Well, I’ll let you go then,” Erin replied. “I’m sure Jim is going to want to fuck me again before he turns me loose. Oh, by the way dear, Jim shaved my pussy last night before he fucked me but don’t worry, I’ve got everything on tape! Bye Honey!” 

Click.

As I hung the phone up I returned my attention to Heather. She was being very attentive to my cock as her tongue and mouth moved up and down my long shaft. I held her long blonde away from her face as I watched her lips slowly work their way up and down my prick. I lie back and enjoyed her rhythm as I visualized what it must have been like for Jim to shave Erin’s pussy bald and then fuck her perfect little body all night long.
