 My first attempt, I'd love some feedback, but please be gentle! ;)

Disclaimer: None of these stories are real, they are figments of my imagination, based in very small parts on real experiences, but warped in my mind toward how I would have liked them to play out. A dream-sex-diary of sorts, if you will... 

*****

She was a newly appointed receptionist at my work and I was still young, and not yet very experienced in the how the world worked. Arriving at work one morning, I walked in to find her sitting behind the desk answering the phones. A stunning, perfect 10, brunette goddess. She looked up at me as I walked past trying my best not to stare, and flashed me a quick smile. I was hooked. Right there and then.

I went to my desk and sat down, my mind preoccupied with the angelic receptionist. Turning to my colleague I asked if he knew who she was, trying not to sound too enthusiastic. "Oh, That's Cindy", he replied, "she started this morning." and mouthed a silent "wow" to me, indicating that he too thought she was smoking hot. I mirrored his sentiment, and turned back to my work. For a while I put her out of my thoughts as I focused on my daily routine.

Halfway through the day I had worked through most of the urgent items on my daily list, and soon I found myself thinking about her. Images of that sexy smile, those amazing piercing eyes kept flashing in my mind. I got up, time to introduce myself! I walked to her desk and was about to say hi but stopped dead in my tracks. She was wearing a low-cut blouse, and when I arrived at her desk, she was writing, leaning forward just enough for my eyes to get a view of the top of her breasts, encased in a smooth white cotton bra. They looked AMAZING... She looked up and caught me staring, but smiled at me and made no attempt to block my view. In fact, she seemed almost glad to catch me staring! I stammered a greeting and introduced myself, and we shook hands. We spent a few minutes exchanging pleasantries and talked about this and that, when she casually mentioned that she's looking for a flatmate since her previous flatmate moved out and she's having a hard time coming up with the rent. Suppressing the thought that I would not have minded being her flatmate, I said that I would keep my ears open for anyone that was looking for a place to stay before saying goodbye and heading back to my desk. 

My head was buzzing, she was SO my type, she was funny, she was sweet and she was incredibly sexy! Besides, she seemed so comfortable in her own skin, and that was a huge turn-on for me! An idea formed in my head, what if I became the flatmate! It was radical, but it seemed logical, I really did need to move closer to work, and sharing the rent would definitely help!! I smiled, and started typing out an email to Cindy...

One week later, and a friend of mine was helping me carry the last of my items upstairs to the flat that I now shared with Cindy, the place I would call home for the foreseeable future. I was excited, but a bit scared, what if this was a mistake? I never had a room mate before, but I shook off the negative thoughts and decided to just make the best of it. It was too late to turn back now anyways! We moved the last pieces of furniture into place and when I was satisfied I thanked my friend and he left. I started unpacking my stuff and settling in when I heard Cindy arrive, she had left a note saying she was going to the gym quick and left me a key with the caretaker, telling me to make myself at home. She appeared in the door frame and said hi. I looked up and almost dropped the box I had in my hands. She was wearing her gym clothes, a black sports bra and black tights, her amazing body perfectly accentuated. I stared, even though I tried my best not to, but I couldn't stop myself, I just stared. Again that smile appeared, and again no effort was made to stop me from staring... When I eventually regained my composure, I said hello and thanked her again for letting me move in. She waved her hand saying she's happy to have me here, before turning to leave. "I'm going to have a shower", she said, and then with a sly smile she added: "hope you like staying here and that my squeaky bedsprings won't keep you up at night!"

The implications of her words sunk in slowly after she left, and as I heard the shower start up I found myself pondering if she meant what I thought she meant. Suddenly I realized that I could hear the water splash, and it clicked in my mind that she must have left the bathroom door open! I peeked out of my bedroom door, and my suspicion was confirmed, the bathroom door was wide open! I walked closer, as if in a trance, slowly peeking around the open door. A trail of gym clothes was strewn on the floor, and behind the semi-transparent shower curtain I saw her, the beautiful shape of her sexy naked body. I could make out her curves, the shape of her breast, and I could not tear my eyes away.

Suddenly the sound of the shower being turned off ripped me out of my trance, and I realized that I was staring at my naked room mate through a shower curtain like a pervert. I quickly turned and went back to my room before she could notice, careful not to make a noise. Not my proudest moment, I thought to myself, sneaking around and peeking at naked girls! I got back to unpacking my stuff, 

A few minutes later she reappeared at my door, hair all wet and wearing a big white towel wrapped around her body. "Ooh that's better", she said, "that was a good shower! Are you almost done unpacking? How do you like the view?"

I jerked my head up and looked at her, did she just...? She was standing by the window, but I could not decide if she was talking about the view from the window, or the view through the open bathroom door. She smiled that smile of hers and winked at me. "I should probably get dressed!" she giggled, and started for the door.

"Don't get dressed on my account!" I muttered under my breath, not intended for her to hear, but she paused at the doorway, and a smile formed around her lips. She turned back to me, and approached me slowly. "You didn't really think I'd just be room mates with any guy, did you?" she whispered softly as she loosened the towel. It started uncoiling from her body like a dead snake, falling to the floor, revealing her perfect naked body.

I inhaled sharply, in my mind this kind of thing only happened in the movies, definitely not to me! But here she was, standing right in front of me, wearing absolutely nothing but the most mischievous smile I have ever seen! My eyes went over her body like a pair of hungry wolves, taking in every detail, her amazing c-cup breasts with sweet, sexy nipples, perfect in size. Her soft silky skin just begging to be touched. Her amazing body, every curve waiting to be explored. Her mouth, hungry for a deep passionate kiss...

I wasn't about to let this opportunity pass, I quickly stepped closer and put my hands on her waist, pulling her sexy naked body closer. "Soooo, wanna show me those squeaky bedsprings?" I whispered to her, my face matching her mischievous expression.

"Didn't think you caught that!" she giggled and turned, grabbing my hand and pulling me to her room.

Biting her lip she started to fiddle with the zipper on my pants, pulling my pants and underpants off as she lowers herself on her knees. My thick cock was already practically rock-hard, and she wasted no time grabbing it with her hand and stroking it slowly. She looked up at me and slowly licked around the head with her tongue, keeping eye contact with me as her tongue worked its magic. Then her lips wrap around my shaft and I grunt softly as I slip into her mouth. Her head starts to slowly move up and down, lips sliding over my shaft. I close my eyes and grunt softly with pleasure, letting my fingers play in her wet hair, thrusting my hips ever so gently to the rhythm of her head. 

I was fully erect now, hard and throbbing, filled with desire, and fired up. She must have known because she stood up without a word and lay down on the bed, on her back. Her legs was wide open and inviting, her sweet womanhood shaven smooth and glistening, begging me to fill her up. I stepped out of my pants, my hand stroking my hard cock as I stepped closer, kneeling over her, feeling her body close to mine, guiding myself inside her, pushing all the way in, filling her up inch by exquisite inch. Her body reacted, back arching over, pushing against me, quick shallow breaths mixed with soft sexy moans.. I start to move inside her, slowly, very, very slowly, feeling her nails dig into my back. "I wanted you to fuck me the moment I saw you!" she whispered in my ear and grinned at me, biting her lip. I smiled and winked at her, "hmmmmmmm, and I wanted to fuck you to moment I saw you!"

We giggled and rolled over, and she got on top of me, playfully grinding against me, taking my hands and placing them on her breasts. I felt the warm soft skin against my palms and I get my hands grope and touch her for a few minutes as she kept grinding. She lifted herself up and guided me back inside her, and as she lowered herself on me she exhaled slowly, starting to ride me. She used the entire length of my shaft, going up and down, taking every inch of me inside her. She started to move faster, bouncing on my cock, moaning sweet sexy little moans as she moved, and I had to squish a giggle when I heard the bedsprings start to squeak under us. "You feel so damn good!" I whisper as my eyes roamed her exquisite body, her amazing breasts bouncing as she moved, the glistening of her wetness on my cock as it slipped in and out of her velvety sweetness.

Changing positions we rotated so Cindy was on all fours, me positioned behind her, holding on to her hips and pounding her hard from behind. Doggy style was always a favorite position for hard wild "angry" sex, and this was no exception. Passion was flaring wild now and I was deep inside her, fucking her hard and deep, pulling out almost all of the way before thrusting back in deep. She was gasping loudly, matching my grunts, in time with the rhythm of the hard deep thrusts. As I pushed into her again and again, I felt her tensing up, her body pushed tight against mine, moans becoming more intense, faster, breathing shallower. She whispered with an urgent voice "oh my God I'm going to cummmmm!" 

Suddenly her dam of pleasure burst, and her body ached as she started to orgasm hard! She gasped and let out a long low moan of pleasure, which completely pushed me over the edge. I felt myself start to cum hard inside her, filling her up, collapsing into a sweaty heap riding waves of pleasure...

We had sex again later that night, and many times after that, amazing sex, not the short wild fucking of our first time, but mind blowing, delicious sex, on the squeaky bed, in the shower, on the couch in the living room... who knows, maybe I will tell those stories some day! ;)