 Without a doubt, the hottest girl in my office was Laurie, she was absolutely stunning. She was tall and thin with long legs and a tiny waist. Her sweet, innocent face made her look about nineteen but, in fact, she was in her late twenties. Her long silky brown hair was a contrast to her pale, milky skin. Despite her tiny frame she had full round breasts that looked remarkably perky. Laurie's best asset though, was her arse. I'll admit I'm an arse guy in general but hers was fantastic, I often thought I could just stare at it for hours. It was pert and firm all the guys in the office were mesmerised by it as she walked by, some of them not as subtle as others. 

I sometimes wondered if she even knew how gorgeous she was. She had a confident, assured strut that would suggest she knew all eyes were on her, but she wasn't a confident person really. If she was making a joke or getting frustrated, her face would go an adorable flushed pink colour. She was such a sweet girl but I could never quite work her out. Some days I felt like she was almost teasing us, knowing how much we all wanted her, but she was so innocent it was difficult to believe she was doing it on purpose. 

Somehow she managed to make her outfits an almost impossible balance between conservative/office appropriate, and jaw droppingly sexy. If she wore a skin tight dress that barely reached her mid-thigh, she would wear matching tights to distract from the length. Sometimes she would wear flared skirts that showed off her gorgeous legs but with a cardigan that somehow made it seem almost innocent. Most of her clothes were practically skin tight but somehow she made them look smart and professional. 

I concluded that she knew the effect she was having on us and I think she liked the attention. The two of us got on well but she was very reserved and careful not to get too flirty with any of the guys. 

I'd been working some late evenings recently and one night it got to around 19:30 and there were just three of us left in the office. Laurie came over to my desk to ask my opinion on some paperwork as Sammy picked up some documents and walked off. She sat down next to me and crossed her long, gorgeous legs. She was wearing a pair of skin tight grey trousers with a high waist, and a tight black top. We discussed the papers for a few minutes when she knocked her pen off the desk and, as she swivelled her chair away from me and bent down off it to reach the pen, she gave me a perfect view of her perfect arse. She had continued speaking but as she popped back up and swivelled around to face me again, she trailed off mid-sentence. 

Shit. I darted my gaze back up to her face but it was too late. She'd seen me staring at her arse and was now looking dead into my eyes with a blank expression. I frowned questioningly as if I didn't know why she had paused when, to my surprise, a cheeky smile spread across her face. With a confidence I hadn't seen before, she said, with a suspicious tone "you alright there?"

"Er... Fine" I stumbled, feigning confusion. 

"You were checking me out weren't you" she accused. Since she was still smiling I figured she wasn't mad, so I decided to own up. 

"Maybe?" I said coyly. 

She hesitated for a moment before exhaling deeply and replying "okay." 

As she paused again, I wondered where she was going with this until she continued "don't worry, I check you out sometimes too." 

Any chance I had at seeming cool went out the window as my eyes opened wide but I also noticed she was beginning to go that adorable shade of pink. 

"Really?" I questioned. 

Ignoring the question, she replied "I've heard the rumours about you, you know. About you and Carla, you and Katie, and then about Deborah..." 

I remembered now, there had actually been a number of rumours about me going around the office and I was glad now that I never denied any of them, even if only one of them had any truth to it. I'd never dated Deborah, we were just good friends but she was smoking hot so the rumours weren't doing me any harm. 

"Yeah I heard something about Deborah" I said casually, still trying to play it cool. She was a brighter shade of pink now and I saw her eyes briefly drop to my waist as she went on "She was gorgeous and she seemed obsessed with you, is it... is it true?" I honestly wasn't sure what she'd heard but I tried not to let on. 

"That depends which part" I replied. Clearly blushing now, she lowered her voice and said "I heard you're pretty big." Her eyes again dropped to my waist, where they now lingered. 

It was true, I was quite proud of my thick seven inches but I wasn't quite sure how that rumour started. Deborah and I were quite open with each other about our sex lives, maybe someone just over heard something and misunderstood. 

Nervously, she ventured again "so, is it true?"

"What's it worth to find out" I replied, amazed at how calmly I was handling this. 

"I'm sure we can think of something" she said in a hushed voice. 

As I sat there in disbelief, she moved her hand over and slowly began to run it up my thigh. I couldn't believe what was happening, the untouchable angel of my

office was actually hitting on me! We were still side by side, facing my desk, so I slid my hand between her back and the chair and, as she leaned in towards me, her hand reached the tip of my dick as it rested against my thigh. It was like a jolt of electricity and I could feel my dick twitch at her touch. As our faces met she let out a soft "mmm" and gently pressed her lips against mine. 

As we started to kiss a bit more passionately, she pressed her hand further and harder between my legs and grabbed my dick, which was rapidly stiffening. She broke off the kiss with a mischievous smile and whispered "ooh, you are big." With that she suddenly rose out of her seat, swung her right leg over mine to straddle me, and lowered herself down on my lap, facing me. She brought her face back down to mine and pressed our lips back together while I instinctively reached my hands around and clasped them firmly over her arse. It was just as perfect as I had imagined, firm and tight, I ran my hands over it and squeezed firmly. 

Laurie broke off the kiss again, pressed her torso against mine with her arm between us, and rose up slightly. She lined her hand up with my belt and slipped it into my trousers as she breathlessly said "I want to see it hard." 

Still in disbelief that Laurie was coming on to me, and so forcefully at that, I just sat there barely breathing while she rummaged around for the fly of my boxers. Just as she found the opening and my dick jumped again as her hand made contact with it, I heard a door being opened out in the corridor. 

Quickly, Laurie whipped her hand out of my trousers and jumped from my lap back to her seat, just in time for Sammy to walk back in and sit back at her desk. Shit, talk about bad timing, the hottest girl I knew was seconds from grabbing my dick and now she was sat next to me, flushed, but calm as if nothing had happened. 

When we had finished our original conversation, Laurie stood up, turned her back to me and stretched a little, clearly teasing me with her perfect figure, before heading back to her own desk. Almost immediately, an email popped up from her saying "are you still hard?" Not really knowing what to say I replied "trying not to be." The email came straight back with her reply "come over... unzipped." 

I turned back to my work and tried desperately to take my mind off her. After a minute or two, when my erection had gone down a bit, I picked up a stack of papers and tried my best to cover my semi. I managed to walk over to her desk in the corner while slowly sliding my zipper down and keeping the paper mostly in front of it. I was probably being painfully obvious but I think Sammy was too engrossed in whatever she was doing to notice. 

Fortunately, Laurie sat with her back to the corner of the room a few desks away from Sammy and I, so I walked around behind it, pulled up a chair and sat down. I pretended to ask her something quietly and point at her screen but really, I was just waiting for her to take the lead. Quickly checking that Sammy was still busy, she reached over, wriggled her hand inside my fly, grasped my semi hard cock and gently pulled it out. I opened my eyes wide and gestured them subtly in Sammy's direction but Laurie just smiled and, ever so gently, began sliding her hand back and forth, essentially shaking hands with my dick. 

Her soft hand felt amazing and, within seconds, my cock was standing at full attention as she kept rubbing it, gripping a little more tightly now. Although we were mostly hidden behind the desk and computer monitors, we both looked back every now and then to make sure Sammy wasn't watching and then turned back to stare silently at each other. As she continued stroking, Laurie slowly ran a hand down between her own legs and pressed a finger up against her pussy through her tight trousers. She exhaled deeply and closed her eyes for a second. We were lost in our own little world and the riskiness of the situation brought me close to the edge in record time. 

Just as I thought I was close to cumming, Sammy sighed and announced "okay that's enough for today." Again, Laurie whipped her hand away in a flash and looked back at her screen as I scrambled to pull my chair forward and slide under the desk. Sammy took a minute to pack her stuff and when she finally looked up at us, she called "see you tomorrow then guys, don't stay too late." 

We replied, trying to sound as normal as possible, while Laurie reached forward and began pulling tissues from the box on her desk. 

As we watched Sammy turn and walk out, Laurie was out of her seat before the door had even swung back shut. She turned towards me and, once again, straddled my legs and sat on my lap, this time furiously grabbing my dick and wanking it, hard. Her ferocity took me by surprise so I simply pulled my belt open to free myself a bit more and sat back in shock. As she moved her arm up and down so fast it was almost a blur, she groaned at me "ooh, you're so hard, you like this don't you." Without letting me answer she continued "I felt so naughty playing with your dick with Sammy sitting right there. Are you gonna cum for me?." That was it, I couldn't hold back any longer and, as I groaned, Laurie slowed her stroking and aimed my dick towards the wad of tissues she had in her other hand. She carried on stroking me gently as I erupted a massive load of cum into them. "Oh yes, do it for me, that's it" she moaned. I eventually stopped cumming and she wiped off the head of my dick and thrust the tissues into the bin under her desk. Neither of us really knew what to say so we stared at each other, grinning and breathing heavily as I zipped up my trousers. 

The next day at work we were both completely distracted. We kept exchanging glances and smiles, knowing that we were both thinking about the same thing. Today she was wearing a tiny, short black dress and black tights, she looked stunning and I was sure she was being extra provocative for my benefit. She came over a couple of times and perched on the edge of my desk with her long slender legs crossed, dangling down to her tall black boots. 

Around lunch time when a few people had gone out, she casually got up and walked to the cupboard at the side of the office a little behind Sammy and I. While everyone was staring at their screens, Laurie opened the cupboard, looked toward the bottom shelf as if she was trying to find something, and then bent over almost double without bending her knees. I couldn't believe how brazen she was being, obviously trying to turn me on by showing off her fantastic arse, now fully aware that I was watching her. I think my dick stayed hard for most of the day with her teasing me and I had a nightmare trying to hide it from all my colleagues. 

I decided that she wouldn't be teasing me like this if yesterday was just a one-time thing, so I plucked up the courage to ask her if she wanted to grab a drink after work. She agreed and I spent the next few hours watching the clock as it almost seemed to be going backwards. Finally, the end of the day came around and we discreetly left at the same time and went to a pub nearby. We were getting on great, chatting and joking, but both clearly aware of the sexual tension between us. 

As we talked more, it occurred to me that in all the time we had worked together, I didn't ever remember her having a boyfriend, I knew she didn't have one right now. It just didn't make any sense to me, not only was she absolutely stunning, she was also funny and smart. How does a girl like that stay single, she could probably have any guy she wanted. Feeling a little bit relaxed after my first beer, I decided to ask. 

I was immediately unsure that was a good idea as she went a bit quiet and stared down into her drink. I apologised and said I shouldn't have brought it up but, after hesitating for a few moments, she admitted it was a fair question. She was clearly a little embarrassed to talk about it and she turned that shade of red that made her look so cute. She went on to explain how she had always been a little bit shy about what she was into sexually and that she had had a bad experience with a previous boyfriend a few years ago. She really opened up to me and told me that this guy had acted disgusted when she asked him to do something a bit kinky and that he had been really spiteful to her, acting like she was some kind of pervert. The guy sounded like a dick, the experience had totally turned her off dating and made her feel like there was something wrong with her. 

It was difficult to know how to take what she was telling me but when she was finished, she looked up at me, clearly unsure how I would react. Right now it was tough to think of anything that she could say that wouldn't turn me on so I reassured her that this guy was wrong and that she had no need to be nervous with me. I told her how amazing I thought she was and, hesitantly, asked if maybe I could do anything to 'help' the situation. 

She smiled sweetly at this and told me she would really like that. She said she didn't want me to get the wrong idea about her, she wasn't a slut, she was just really horny yesterday and didn't want to let that opportunity go to waste. With that, we finished our drinks and she got up, grabbed my hand, and pulled me out of my seat. She lead me out into the car park to where she had parked in the back corner. It wasn't quite dark out as it was nearly summer but the light was fading and the air was warm. She seemed very excited all of a sudden and practically ran around to the far side of her car, dragging me with her. 

She pressed her back up to the side of the car and pulled me up against her as she pushed her lips against mine and kissed me passionately. Almost immediately she reached for my belt and started pulling my trousers open. She broke off the kiss and loudly whispered "I want to taste you, right now." 

"But what if someone sees us?" I asked, instantly realising how lame that made me sound. She just smiled and replied "that's what makes it exciting." 

As soon as she had got my trousers open and pulled my boxers down off my hips, she crouched down in front of me and looked up at me sweetly as she popped my cock into her mouth. 

The feeling was amazing, the hottest girl I knew had sunk her mouth down on to my hard cock and closed her lips around it. It was warm and wet and she swirled her tongue around it as she pushed it further into her mouth. It immediately ranked as the best blowjob I had ever had, she was really into it, at one point, she even pulled my cock out and wrapped her tongue around my balls. As I looked down at her, not quite believing that this was really happening, she pulled away and looked up at me, still slowly wanking my shaft. 

"I want you to do something for me" she said with an almost pleading look in her eyes. Without waiting for me to respond she continued "I want you to gag me." I wasn't really sure I had understood correctly so I just stared down at her with a puzzled look on my face. 

"I want you push it into my throat and make me gag on it" she explained. As she said that, she reached up to take my hand and placed it on the back of her head. 

"Are you sure?" I asked, hesitantly. 

"Yes" she replied with a smile "it's okay, just keep pushing until it goes in my throat." 

I didn't know what to say, I stood there, slightly shocked at the request but before I had time to think about it, she sunk her mouth down around my cock again and pushed it in as far as it would go. She really seemed to be forcing her head down on to my dick for a few seconds before she pulled back a bit and took in a deep breath. She reached up with one hand and as she pushed her mouth down again, she pressed on the back of my hand which was still holding the back of her head. Taking the hint, I pushed harder against her face and after a few seconds, I felt the tip of my cock slip into her throat. The feeling was indescribable, her throat was tightly closed around the head of my cock and her tongue was still resting against the shaft. She stayed there for as long as she could before pulling her mouth off me and gasping for air. 

I suddenly had a feeling of panic, thinking I had hurt her but then she looked up at me a smiled again. "That was great" she gasped "don't stop." With that, she plunged my cock back into her mouth. For the next few minutes I basically fucked her throat as she groaned with pleasure. I also noticed that she had pulled the hem of her short dress up to her hips and was frantically rubbing her pussy through her tights. I knew I wouldn't last any longer and announced that I was about to cum. She pulled off me again, gasping for air and panted "it's okay, do it in my mouth." 

The second she popped me back in her mouth, I could feel the cum rising up from my balls so I held her head tight and just exploded a load into her mouth. She groaned and immediately started swallowing it down. When I had finished, she continued licking all around the head of my cock until every trace of my cum was gone. Eventually, she pulled it out and just sat there crouched on the ground, breathing heavily. When she had got her breath back, she stood up and threw her arms around me, hugging me tightly. "Thanks for doing that" she whispered, "did you like it?" 

I pulled back a bit and smiled as I said "that was awesome, you're incredible." 

I was instantly infatuated with Laurie and couldn't wait to find out what else she was into. We didn't really discuss what was going on between us, we just kind of assumed that things would continue. We went out for a drink the next night after work and this time, she gave me a long, slow blowjob in the back of her car. This time, she had pulled her tights and knickers down and frantically fingered herself to two orgasms before I exploded in her sexy mouth and she happily swallowed it. 

The next day was Friday so we had dinner after work and then she came back to my place. She was wearing a tight fitting top which came off the second we got through the door and at that point, it occurred to me that I still hadn't seen her naked, or even really touched her body. She was aware of this too and she sat me down in a chair as she did a kind of strip tease for me. 

She kicked off her boots and slowly slid her skirt down her legs to reveal small dark panties that matched her bra. Then she came closer to me, unclasped her bra, and dropped it from her chest. Her breasts were amazing, they weren't huge but they were firm and round, and she had tiny pink nipples. She turned around and stuck her gorgeous arse in my face as I reached out and grabbed it. It felt incredible and I fondled it for a few seconds before she pulled away and hooked her fingers into the waistband on each side. She bent over forwards and my breath caught in my throat as she slid them down her legs to reveal the most perfect arse I had ever seen. She turned back around and I saw that her tiny pink pussy had a tiny tuft of dark brown hair above it. Her skin was smooth apart from that little patch of short hair, almost like I had seen on Japanese porn stars. 
