 I stared over at my beautiful colleague Laurie, as she lay on my bed fingering herself gently. She still had a load of my cum beginning to dry all over her face and she was about to tell me her kinky fantasies. 

She was hesitant but eventually she started "well, you know I love sucking your dick, but I'm sure you're okay with that." I nodded and smiled. 

"I also like being gagged" she continued "the other day in the car park, when you forced it down my throat, that was really hot, I love the feeling of my face being used like that." 

I carried on smiling, thinking that this was unusual but still fine. She nervously continued "so are you sure you're okay with, you know... with me getting so wet?" Her eyes dropped a little and she added "it's just that my last boyfriend thought it was disgusting, he made me feel really bad about it." 

I was starting to really hate this guy. He made this gorgeous girl feel like there was something wrong with her and, if earlier was anything to go by, try and hold back her own pleasure so she didn't 'disgust' him. What a dick! 

I looked her in the eye and reassured her that I wasn't only 'okay' with it, I loved it. The thought of making her squirt really turned me on. 

She immediately perked up and continued "So, I absolutely love cum. I love swallowing it, I love feeling it all over me. I don't know why, there's just something about it that makes me feel so naughty." She went on to tell me how having cum on her, or in her, was like a reminder that she had just done something naughty. She said it really turned her on to have cum on her body in public, even if no one could see it, it just made her feel so naughty. She told me that she wanted to go for a walk somewhere and suck me off until I came all over her chest. Then she would put her shirt back on and walk back in public knowing she was covered in it. 

This girl was incredible, I think that idea turned me on as much as it did her. By this point my dick was rock hard again just from listening to her. I told her I would love to do that and her eyes lit up. I asked if there was anything else and she paused for a minute and her smile shrank a little. "Well, there's something my last boyfriend absolutely refused to do." She paused as if she was looking for permission to go on. "Yeah" I prompted.

"I wanted him to lick my bum" she said, nervously. 

"What?" I asked "Is that it?"

"Yes" she said, almost confused that I wasn't disgusted. "I don't know why, maybe it was a power thing, like he thought it was beneath him." 

"Dick!" I muttered under my breath. 

Her eyes lit up again as she realised I wasn't freaked out, and she continued to tell me how she liked playing with her arse in general. She liked to finger herself in the shower and even had a tiny butt plug that she used occasionally. Her eyes widened when I assured her that I would love to lick her arse and she jumped up excitedly. 

"Would you really?" She asked, "What, tonight?" 

"Yeah sure" I replied. 

She thought for a second and asked "Would you mind if we run a bath together?" 

"No, not at all" I replied, grinning at the sight of her smiling face with my cum still dripping from it. 

"Yay" she shouted as she jumped up and ran off to the en suite bathroom. 

I went into the main bathroom and started running the bath and Laurie ran back in, a few minutes later, having cleaned my cum off her face. As we both sat in the bath, we casually stroked each other's bodies and I continued to marvel at how perfect hers was. We were just relaxing when she asked me how I felt about porn. I didn't really know what to say, of course I had watched porn but I'd never been asked about it before. She seemed almost embarrassed to talk about it but she told me that she liked to watch porn sometimes. She said she especially liked videos where girls get loads of cum on their faces. I was speechless, this girl got more and more perfect with everything she said. 

Eventually she rose up and got out of the bath and I sat and watched as she towelled off her flawless body. As I got up and dried off I noticed her staring at me and asked if she was okay. She just said that she couldn't believe I was going to do this for her. I just smiled and followed her into the bedroom. She got on the bed on her hands and knees and spread her legs slightly, presenting her arse to me with her sexy little puckered hole facing up at me. I just got down on my knees behind her and buried my tongue in her sweet pussy. She moaned gently but got louder as I moved up to the tiny section between her pussy and her arse. 

As I flicked my tongue over her arsehole, a loud groan escaped her lips. I pushed a finger into her pussy as I started to stab my tongue in and out of her arse. Within a minute she was panting and screaming and it wasn't long before she exploded in a shattering orgasm. She was so turned on, her juices sprayed out all over my hand and arm and down the inside of her thighs. I continued to finger her and tongue her sexy bum until she screamed and came again. As I finished eating her, she turned her head back to look at me and panted "that was incredible, I can't believe you did that for me." 

"Sure" I replied, "I love making you cum." 

She flashed me a mischievous look as she moaned "are you hard? I want you inside me, put it in my arse." 

I didn't need to be asked twice, I ran back to the bathroom to grab some lotion and lubed up my cock. Her arse was still wet from me licking it but I added a bit of lube anyway and stood behind her as I lined the tip of my cock up with the opening of her bum. I pushed gently and felt my cock slip in just an inch. Laurie let out a groan and I pushed again, forcing a couple more inches into her. It was the tightest thing I had ever felt, her arse was gripping me like a vice. I gently pulled back and pushed forward again, prompting her to scream "oh fuck that's big, I can't believe you're inside me." 

I couldn't believe it either. I had fantasised about Laurie so many times and now here I was, fucking her sweet little arse. It was so tight, it was like nothing I had ever felt before. When I pushed in another couple of inches, she grunted and clasped the bed sheet in her hands. "Are you okay?" I asked.

"Yes" she screamed "don't stop, just go slow. Don't stop fucking me!" 

I kept pushing in and out of her as gently as I could and as I managed to get a little deeper, she went wild. She was screaming and swearing but she kept telling me not to stop. I slowed down a bit to try and prolong the experience and Laurie looked round at me. Just when I thought she couldn't surprise me any more, she gulped a few deep breaths and gasped "I want you to do one more thing for me, I want you to choke me." 

I stopped thrusting and stared at her, unsure how to react. "Please" she gasped, "I need it, don't stop." I had never done anything like this before but I couldn't deny her, so I reached one arm out and wrapped it around her neck. I squeezed gently as I thrust my cock deeper into her arse and she moaned, as much as she could anyway. A few seconds later, with my hand still clasped around her throat, I felt her push her hips back against me, I couldn't believe how much she was getting off on me choking her while I fucked her arse. I couldn't last long in her tight little hole and as she started to cough, I rammed my dick in as deep as I could and exploded inside her. I don't think she could speak at this point but she grunted in, what sounded like, a mixture of pain and pleasure. 

I released my grip on her neck and she began gulping in air, and my cock popped out of her arse as she collapsed onto the bed. I collapsed down next to her and rolled her onto her side, wrapping one arm around her and pulling her body tight against mine.  

As we lay there, she signed contentedly and said "thank you for doing all that for me, tonight has been incredible." 

Obviously, tonight had been incredible for me too but she actually seemed really grateful that I had been so willing to be involved. She told me later that choking her was another thing that her last boyfriend had refused to do, and really made her feel bad about. I told her that I would do it anytime she wanted. 

She stayed the night at my place and the next morning, she gave me another fantastic blowjob while she fingered herself. My cock stiffened as I was seconds away from cumming when she pulled her mouth off me and squeezed my dick hard in her hand. She smiled up at me and said "sorry, I want you to have a big load for me later." 

She went home for a couple of hours to change and run some errands, and then I picked her up from her place later. She had plans that night so we spent the afternoon together. She gave me another blowjob in my car, although she still wouldn't let me cum, and I fingered her under a picnic table while we were sat in the park. 

Before she went home she wanted to go for a walk so we set off away from the park into a slightly wooded area. Along the way, we were talking about what kind of porn she liked to watch. She said it depended what mood she was in but she liked scenes with multiple guys where they all just casually use a girl. She said there were a few videos that really turned her on where a Japanese girl would be pretending to read the news and guys come up one after the other and cum on her face. Also usually half way through the video, a guy just undresses her and starts fucking her from behind. It really turned her on because the girls were so willing to just be used, like it wasn't even a big deal. I was totally in awe of this girl, she was amazing. 

Towards the end of the afternoon, she said she wanted my cock again before she had to go and she lead me off the path into some trees. I pushed her up against a tree and kissed her, breaking off so she could pull her top over her head. She started grabbing at my belt and pulling my trousers open as I hiked her skirt up and ran my hands over her gorgeous firm arse. She gasped and moaned, "just take it off." I was surprised that she wanted to be almost naked in such a public place but I didn't argue, I just unzipped her skirt and pushed it down over her hips. She kicked it to the side and crouched down, taking my dick into her mouth. 

As she had brought me to the edge a few times already today, I wasn't going to last long and Laurie knew it. She sucked my dick for a couple of minutes before standing up and wanking it firmly. She looked gorgeous, stood there with my cock in her tiny hand. She was wearing a black bra and a sexy purple pair of lacy French knickers. They were skin tight and the legs came down to the same level as her pussy, almost like a small pair of shorts. As she stroked my shaft she moaned "you've got a big load for me haven't you, you've been saving it up all day?" I just nodded and she asked "do you know why I'm wearing these knickers? I chose them especially." 

I shook my head and she continued "I want you to shoot your big load in my knickers before we go, I want to drive home with your cum all over my pussy." Fuck me, that was hot, my dick twitched in her hand and I groaned. 

"Ooh, you like that idea don't you?" she moaned. "Do you want to make a mess all over me? Come on, give me your cum, I want it all over my little pussy." 

I grunted loudly and she knew I was about to cum. She hooked her thumb in the waistband of her French knickers and pulled it out in front of her, revealing her tiny tuft of dark pubic hair. At the same time, she pointed my dick down towards her pussy and kept stroking it. My legs went weak and my cock shot a squirt of cum out straight into Laurie's tiny bush. As she continued to wank me off, I shot out squirt after squirt all over her pussy and the inside of her knickers. "Oh yeah that's it" she whispered, "keep going, give it to me." 

When I finally stopped cumming and my dick started to soften, she carefully pulled the waistband back into place covering her pubes. She licked her hand clean of the rest of my cum while we looked down at the mess in her knickers. The front had a dark patch all over it and I could even see cum starting to ooze out through the lace. She giggled excitedly and thanked me as she quickly put her skirt and top back on. I did my trousers up and we headed back to the path and walked back to the car. 

It only took a few minutes to get back to the car and Laurie had a huge smile on her face the whole time. As we got in, I realised the car now smelled like sex. Laurie got in slowly, trying not to stretch her legs too wide and as I drove back to hers, she excitedly told me how turned on she was. She told me she felt so dirty knowing her underwear was full of my cum. 

I dropped her off at her house and then drove back to mine, still kind of in disbelief. Just a few days ago, Laurie was the shy office girl that all the guys fantasised about, now I had just dropped her back home with my cum oozing through the front of her knickers. 

Shortly after I got home, I got a text from Laurie telling me to check my email, so I checked it and found an email from her with a video attachment. When I opened it, my jaw nearly hit the floor. On the screen, I saw Laurie, sat on the edge of her bed with her legs spread wide. I couldn't see her face, I could only see from her stomach down to her thighs but she had her cum stained purple knickers in her hand and was frantically rubbing them over the lips of her pussy and moaning loudly. The picture was shaking a bit as I assumed she was holding her camera phone with one hand and masturbating with the other. 

I sat there in shock for a minute as I watched Laurie get herself off with a pair of cum soaked knickers, until the picture settled as she had moved back on the bed and put the phone down between her legs. I could now just see a close up of her pussy as she thrust two fingers deep inside it. She was moaning and panting as she fingered herself harder and faster until she screamed "oh fuck!"

The video stopped and it took me a few seconds to get over what I had seen. I texted Laurie back just saying that was the hottest thing I had ever seen. A few seconds later, she replied that she was so turned on when I dropped her off that she couldn't help herself. 

We kept seeing each other outside of work for the next few weeks and Laurie started to try and think of more kinky things that we could do together. I came on just about every part of her body and even in her hair, and she sucked my dick in as many public places as we could think of. The best thing though, was when she asked me to tie her hands behind her back and pull her hair while I fucked her in the arse. I fucked her tight little arse hard from behind and pulled her hair so it forced her head up. This seemed to drive her wild and she spent most of the time shouting "use me, use my arse, fuck me!" I pounded away for as long as I could before exploding a huge load all the way up her back. 

I didn't untie her straight away, I left her there lying on her front with my cum all over her. She looked incredible and I couldn't wait to see what other ideas she would come up with.