 This is the third instalment in the series 'Colleague Has A Kinky Side' about my gorgeous colleague Laurie. 

*****

Although Laurie and I were having a great time trying to think of kinky things that we could do with each other, it was a couple of weeks before we actually had normal sex. It seemed strange considering everything else we had done with each other but actually it made sense. To Laurie, normal sex was kind of a more intimate and personal thing that she never jumped into too soon. We were out at a bar having a laugh when she leaned in close and grabbed my hand. She firmly pushed it between her legs and up against her pussy, and I could feel her warmth through her tight jeans. As she pressed my hand tight with hers, she put her face up to my ear and whispered "I want you in here, I want it inside me, in my wet little pussy." 

I didn't know what to say, I just kissed her passionately and pressed my hand a little more firmly against her. We finished our drinks and went back to mine and by the time we got there, we couldn't keep our hands off each other. We burst through the door and she practically leapt on me, in a matter of seconds, she had my shirt off and my belt undone. I took over and quickly shed the rest of my clothes while she pulled her top over her head and took her bra off. As we entered my bedroom and I jumped on the bed, she slowed down and stood in front of me as she started to unbutton her jeans. She peeled them down off her thin legs to reveal a pair of small white panties. As she walked closer to me, I put my head between her legs and gently touched my nose to the front of her panties, they had a large wet patch on the front and I could smell how horny she was. 

I reached up and pulled her panties down from either side and then she pushed me back on to the bed. She crawled onto it and lay down next to me and I leaned over her and kissed her passionately while I grabbed her breast. I squeezed one and then the other before sliding my hand down over her stomach towards her pussy. When I ran my hand over her lips, I realised she was wetter than usual, and she groaned as I kissed her neck. I pushed one finger inside her and she thrust her hips up against my hand. I had fingered her many times and I knew she was tight. I couldn't wait to get inside her. 

I wanted this to be as pleasurable for her as possible though so I continued to finger her to her first orgasm while kissing her all over. As she came, she writhed on the bed and reached for my cock as she moaned "I'm ready, I want it now." She grabbed my cock and pulled me over on top of her, lining me up to the entrance of her pussy. Looking down at her gorgeous face, I smiled as I gently thrust into her, and as her body enveloped me, I couldn't believe how tight it felt. I started to thrust gently in and out of her and she wrapped her legs around me, pulling me deeper inside her. I thrust away for a few minutes, varying my rhythm while squeezing her breasts as she gripped my back and pulled my body tight against hers. 

Eventually, she let go of me and unwrapped her legs. I took the hint and rolled over, pulling her with me so that she was now on top of me. She smiled down at me as she moved her hips gently, then she leant back on her hands and spread her legs out so that her feet were either side of my head. She started thrusting her body back and forth gently and in this position, her pussy felt incredible rubbing tightly up and down the top of my dick. It also exposed her clit to me so I reached a hand down and began to run my thumb over it as she sped up her movements. 

It wasn't long before she was moaning and grunting again as another orgasm approached. She had her head thrown back but she now looked down at me again and moaned "are you close?" I just nodded and kept rubbing her clit. "Cum with me" she panted "I want you to do it inside me, fill me up." I nodded again and she added "it feels so good like this, I'm gonna cum so hard, is that okay"? Knowing exactly what she meant I replied "Yes, I want to see you squirt all over me, don't hold back." 

After just a few more thrusts, I pressed my thumb harder against her clit and she screamed as her orgasm hit. A thin stream of liquid shot out of her pussy in a slight arc spraying all over my stomach and my pubes, the last squirt even made it up to my chest and a tiny drop splashed onto my lip. At the same time, I grunted loudly as I felt my dick start to shoot my load of cum deep inside her. As our orgasms subsided, she eventually stopped thrusting her hips but stayed where she was on top of me for a few seconds. When she had caught her breath back, she pulled herself off me, knelt between my legs on the bed and popped my semi hard cock into her mouth. 

It felt amazing as she used her tongue to clean the remaining cum off my dick and swirl it around in her mouth. When she was done, she moved up to lie next to me and whispered "that was amazing." 

While we were lying there on the bed, Laurie told me that the one person she confided in about everything was her sister, so she was aware of Laurie's kinky side and that she had been exploring it with me. She asked me if I minded her telling her sister. I was a little surprised that she would think I would be so of course I told her that I was fine with it. Then she smiled and said "do you know what might be fun?" 

"What's that?" I asked, eager to hear what her latest idea was. 

"Do you mind if I phone her while we're having sex?" She asked "I wonder how long it would take her to realise." 

I had actually done something similar before with a girl I was seeing casually. She had answered her phone while I was fucking her and we both found the naughtiness of it a huge turn on, so I was definitely happy to do this with Laurie. By now I felt I could be totally open with her about what I wanted sexually (as she had been with me) so I suggested she pose for me to get my dick hard again. 

She was happy to oblige so when we were both ready to go again, I had her get up on her knees in front of me, facing away but glancing back at me over her shoulder. She slowly ran a hand over her perfect arse, occasionally spreading her cheeks apart to give me a good view while I rubbed my own dick back to hardness. After a few minutes, I was rock hard, especially when I saw my cum leaking out of her tight little pussy. 

I told her I was ready so she quickly jumped up and grabbed her phone from her bag, chucking it down on the bed before climbing up on her hands and knees and presenting her arse to me. I got up behind her and lined my dick up to the entrance of her pussy and just pushed my hips forward. My cock slipped in a couple of inches and I began to rock back and forth until I was buried all the way inside her. She began to moan and thrust her hips back against mine as I grasped the flesh of her arse. 

After we had been fucking for a few minutes, I saw Laurie reach for her phone, press a few buttons and hold it up to her ear. I slowed my thrusting a little and heard her say "hey Sis, it's me." She was breathing a little heavier than usual but I slowed right down and just thrust very gently in and out of her. She asked her sister what she was up to and they chatted normally for probably a minute or two. I could only hear one side of the conversation but I found it a turn on that she was chatting casually with her sister while I was fucking her. I gently sped up my thrusting a little, forcing her head to jolt back and forth just slightly. 

I felt her push her hips back against me slightly so I pushed a bit harder and eventually, her breathing began to get heavier and she started to grunt quietly. She paused talking for a few seconds and I heard her giggle and say "I thought you'd never ask, you know I told you about that guy from work, we're having sex right now." 

I faintly heard a squeal and a giggle from the other end of the phone and then Laurie grunted "uh, yes he's doing me from behind... Yeah it feels amazing."

They continued talking and Laurie giggled a few more times in between her moans, as I was now fucking her harder and faster. 

Eventually, she said "okay bye" and put the phone down as she moaned loudly. 

"Was that fun?" I asked reaching down to squeeze one of her breasts. 

"Uh, yeah she's gonna mmm, call back" she grunted though gritted teeth as I slammed into harder now. 

Before I had time to ask why she had hung up just to call back, I saw Laurie's phone light up with an image of a young women on the screen and I realised what they were doing, this was a video call. 

I hadn't been expecting this but before I could react, Laurie had hit the button on her phone and a very attractive brunette appeared on the screen dressed in a dark skirt and a long sleeved top. Laurie had the phone held directly in front of her face so I could see the screen but I assumed her sister couldn't quite see me from that angle. 

"Ah, wow" the girl on the phone gasped, "you look like you're enjoying yourself you naughty girl." 

I didn't let up and Laurie was struggling to hold the phone still as I pounded into her. Eventually, she gave up and put it down on the bed under her face where I couldn't see it. She continued to tell her sister that my big dick felt amazing inside her and that she already had a load of my cum in her from earlier. It hadn't quite hit me how crazy this situation was but Laurie was pushing her hips back harder against me and I think she was getting off on having someone watch her acting slutty. 

"He's stretching my little pussy" she moaned to her sister, "he's, ugh fuck, he's really uh, pounding me." 

Her sister giggled again and I heard her say "can you pass me up to him?" 

Without answering, Laurie picked up the phone from the bed and held it up over her shoulder. I took it from her as I slowed my thrusting but kept pushing forward firmly, all the way into her in long strokes. As I held the phone up in front of me I saw that the brunette on the screen had removed her skirt, her top and her bra. She was almost as gorgeous as Laurie, she had bigger hips and bigger breasts and was stood squeezing one of her breasts in her hand and holding the phone in the other. 

She had her legs spread slightly and was wearing bright white knickers. 

"Hey stud" she said confidently as she set her phone down and stood back a bit. "Ooh, you are cute, are you showing my sister a good time?"

"Trying to" I answered, smiling. 

"Well she certainly looks like she's enjoying it" she answered as she grabbed her breast again and slid her other hand down over the front of her panties. 

I just watched her for a minute, still thrusting my hips hard until I heard Laurie ask "is she, ugh, is she touching herself?" 

"Yes" I replied, not sure how Laurie would feel about that. 

"Good" she replied to my surprise, "show her your dick, I want her to see what I'm enjoying." 

I was slightly taken aback by that but as I looked back to the phone, I saw Laurie's sister slip her hand under the waist band of her kickers as she moaned "ooh yeah, let me see it." 

I stopped thrusting and pulled my dick out of Laurie, letting it spring upwards as I angled the phone down towards it so her sister could see it. 

"Wow she wasn't joking" she moaned "you're way bigger than my husband." 

My dick twitched at the thought of this young married hotty admiring my cock while I fucked her younger sister. 

"Put it back in" she moaned, "I want to see you fuck my sister hard." 

I was still a bit unsure how to feel about the bizarre situation I was in but I knew I was definitely turned on by it, so I lined my cock up and slammed it back in to Laurie. She grunted loudly and groaned as I started thrusting into her with renewed vigour. 

When I looked back at the screen, Laurie's sister had pulled her knickers down to mid-thigh to reveal a small tuft of pubic hair similar to Laurie's. Her arm was bent at the elbow and she was thrusting her fingers in and out of her pussy. 

It was at that point that I realised she was enjoying this as much as Laurie was, maybe these two were more alike than I had thought. Laurie was moaning loudly now and reaching back with one hand to finger her clit and she shouted "do it harder, fuck me harder." 

I started thrusting harder and brought the phone around in front of me to hold it above Laurie's back. From here, I could switch my gaze between Laurie and her horny sister, and she could see me slamming my dick into Laurie from behind. 

As we all got a bit carried away, she started moaning "that's it, fuck her harder, I bet you can make her cum all over that big dick." Not that I needed any encouragement but the more she talked dirty to me, the harder and faster I thrust my hips. 

"Is she close?" she asked me "Is her little pussy getting tighter? Make her cum, go on." 

At that moment, I felt Laurie slam her hips back against me and hold them there as her finger frantically rubbed her clit. She practically screamed "fuck, I'm cumming" and her tight pussy began to squeeze my dick even tighter.

When she eventually relaxed her muscles and dropped her other arm back down to the bed, she was panting heavily and hanging her head down in front of her. 

I threw her phone down on the bed and flipped her over, lifting one of her legs up over my shoulder. I handed the phone back to her and lined up with her pussy once more. As I pushed back into her, she turned the phone back towards her face and smiled at her sister. 

"That was amazing" she cooed. "I came so hard." 

I started to thrust harder again and Laurie's head started jolting back and forth again for her sister to see "where do you think he should cum?" She asked, "Do you want to see him cum on me?" 

Damn this was filthy, she was going to let her sister watch me shoot a load all over her. Although I couldn't see the screen anymore, I heard her sister excitedly shout "ooh I want him to cum on your face, that would be so hot, I want to watch my little sister get a facial."

That was it for me, the naughtiness of the situation had me on the edge so I just muttered "I'm ready." 

Laurie moved the phone to her side to give me room but made sure that her sister had a good view of her. I pulled out and quickly moved up to kneel over her with my knee the opposite side to the phone. I leant one hand next to her head on the same side and with the other hand, I frantically wanked my dick. 

Almost immediately, I roared as the first spurt of my jizz shot out and hit her square in the face. I heard excited squealing mixed with moaning coming from both Laurie and her sister as I continued to empty my balls all over her face and neck, and in her hair. 

I couldn't believe how much I had cum and when I had finished, Laurie's face was absolutely covered, even more than usual. When I looked back at the phone, I saw that her sister was now naked, lying on a bed and breathing heavily as she came down from her own intense orgasm. 

We all lay there for a few minutes basking in the afterglow of what we had just done and I was admiring the similarities between Laurie and her sister, who was slowly stroking her own pussy. Suddenly we heard a noise coming from the phone and she jumped up and said "ooh my hubby's home, I'm going to get some fun of my own." With that, she jumped up and grabbed the phone, cutting off the call. 

Laurie and I showered together so she could wash my cum off her face while I soaped her up and fingered her a little. By the time we were finished, she announced she had a text massage from her sister. She looked at it and giggled before handing the phone to me. I held it up and saw a picture of her sister on the screen with cum splattered all over her face and dripping off her chin. 

After that experience, Laurie and I didn't ease up, we were all over each other every chance we got. I have no idea how may times I fucked every one of her holes, I came on every part of her body and we had sex everywhere we could think of. We discovered we enjoyed watching porn together while masturbating each other and often, I would bend her over in front of the screen and pound into her while we watched. That always ended in shattering orgasms for both of us. 

A couple of times, we even tried a DP, which was an awesome experience. The first time, Laurie had been wearing tall black, heeled boots that day, which I asked her to keep on. She put her butt plug in while I fucked her as hard as I could and gently choked her at the same time. I don't think she had ever cum so hard and she ended up squirting her girl cum all over the armchair she was bent over. I thought back on the past couple of months and part of me still couldn't believe what had happened between me and the shy innocent girl from my office that I had admired so many times. And it had all started with her dropping a pen.