 Sonia and I were back to the daily grind of the office. We were in different departments, but, due to the fact that I handled sales and her department handled the co-ordination of despatches and invoicing, we used to see each other a lot and often memories of the great time we had came back to us. When no one was looking, Sonia would give me mischevious smiles which would send my cock rocketing up in my pants. Some times the erection would become obvious to her and she would slowly show me her tongue in simulation of the licking her tongue gave my cock. Many a times, I would discretly vibrate my tongue as if it was vibrating on her clitty or on her nipple. She would blush and would later tell me "Anil jan aap aise karte ho, to meri choot geeli ho jaati hai (Anil, darling, when you do this to me, my pussy gets very wet)."

One day, she called me up on the office intercom system to tell me that her boss had told her that she was to travel outside the city for a couple of days to Baroda, since one our vendors had taken an advance, but, had not supplied the components required for completion of an order. She asked me if I too could manage a trip to Baroda, so that we could be together, without any one being wise to it. I asked her the date when she was to leave and when she was to be back. She gave me the dates.

I too had some customers in Baroda, who had not been visited for quite some time. Even the regular orders which were coming from these customers had become sporadic. So, I suggested to my boss that to revive these customers' orders and also scout for more customers, it may be prudent for me to visit them. Since the particular period was lean in terms of Head Office work-load, my boss eagerly agreed to it.

However, the logistics had to be worked out. Sonia was permitted only 1st Class or 2-tier Airconditioned Sleeper fare, as per company rules, while I could fly as well as travel by Rajdhani Express in 1st Airconditioned Class. To keep up pretences, I decided to tell Sonia to get her ticket through our regular travel agent, and tell her boss and colleagues that she would be staying with her cousin in Baroda. After she got her ticket, she handed it over to me, and I went to the nearest Railway booking Office, and returned her ticket and obtained two tickets for a 1st Class Airconditioned coupe (two bedded cabin) in the Rajdhani Express leaving for Baroda at 4:15 p.m. a week later. I also called up the local reservation office of the Hotel Chain having a Hotel in Baroda to book a Double room in my name.

That week was spent in anticipation - both of us looking forward to the trip and fantasising on what all we would do during the trip. For obvious reasons, we decided to reach the Railway Station on our own. 

I got to the Railway Station at about ten to four and identified the coach and the coupe and let the coolie put my baggage under the lower berth. Then I went to the coach door and started looking up and down the platform, eagerly looking for Sonia to arrive. Soon I saw my sexy Sonia, weaving her way through the crowded platform. I waved out to her and she headed towards me carrying an overnighter kind of a bag. I escorted her to our coupe and said, "Come on in and have a seat."

Though both of us wanted to kiss and hug each other passionately, we just exchanged small pecks on each other's cheeks till the checking-in formalities were completed. We both sat on the lower berth and she observed the coupe in awe. She saw the coupe with all its luxuries and asked me if we will have privacy once the train started. I kept my hand on her slim and sexy thigh and caressing it, said "Meri Maharani ke liye, sub kucch badhiya hona chahiye. To main is se kam ka to soch hi nahin sakta. After all my Darling is the best in the world." She shivered at my touch, so I asked her "Kya thand lag rahi hai (Are you feeling cold)?" She said, "Nahin. Aapke chhoone se hi kucch kucch hota hai (No. Your touch makes me shiver with excitement)". 

Soon, the Train Conductor came and checked our tickets and wished us a happy journey. A few moments later, the train started moving out of the station. I closed the door to the coupe and stood with my arms apart. Sonia immediately caught the hint and came into my arms. I kissed her face, her eyes, her nose and then latched on to her mouth. our tongues started duelling with each other, while my hand slipped down her back to her kameez (along shirt worn by Indian girls) and salwaar (a loose pajama kind of an apparel worn to cover the hips and legs, under the long shirt) clad ass and started kneading her sexy moons. I was both surprised and thrilled to find that she wasn't wearing any panties under the salwaar, since I could touch the soft globes of her ass through the slippery material of her salwaar. Sonia too closed the distance between our bodies, so that her pussy mound started grinding against my cock, which had been erect all the time I was in the presence of this nymph.

"I have to freshen up a bit." she said. "I'll be right back." She picked up the towel provided by the Railways and headed towards the toilets.

I took off my clothes and slipped into comfortable night clothes (kurta-pajama). She came back about five minutes later. "There, I have freshened up now," she said closing the door, "I'll just turn off the overhead lights and leave the bed light on. Did you think about me this last week?"

"All the time. It was a little hard not to."

"Good. I'm glad. Anil, lets play show and tell. You tell me what you want to see and I will show it to you. Then I will tell you what I want to see and you show it to me. About the only rules are: One, that you only ask the other person to see something that will require that person to take off one piece of clothing at a time. And two, that you can't ask for a piece of clothing."

"And if I ask for something that really requires two pieces to come off?", I asked.

"You lose that turn and I take nothing off!", she replied.

"Okay, I like simple games. Uh...Yeh kaise pata lagega ki kaun jeeta (How will we know who won)?" I asked.

"Uski kisi ko kya parvah (Who cares). Asli maza to khel mein hai (The pleasure is in the playing)", she said. "Are you sure no one is going to come in here?"

"Not a chance. Maine darwaaze par taala laga diya hai (I have locked the door). All we have to do is talk softly and on one will have a clue about what's going on in here", I told her. "Okay, I'll start your game. I want to see......your stomach." I thought that would get the kameez off.

She stood up, crossed her arms in front of her, took hold of the bottom of the kameez and very slowly pulled it up and over her head. I knew she had a nice body, but with her kameez coming off, it was looking even better. Her perky breasts were being restrained by a pink lacy bra that let the areola show through quite clearly. Her nipples were also hard and sticking out straining the lacey material holding them back. She folded the kameez slowly, and put it on the corner of the berth, and sat back down. Now it was her turn. "Now lets see," she said "how about....let's see your chest."

I stood up and took my time undoing the buttons of my kurta and then pulled it off slowly over my head, and hung it from one of the pegs provided. When I sat back down I said "My turn....hmm.....mujhe apne pyare pyare mamme dikhao (please show me your tits)."

It was a front closing bra. She smiled and undid the clasp. Without taking the bra off, she just let it go. The cups separated some leaving the area between her breasts exposed, but the better part of her breasts remained covered by the lace, including her nipples. "Okay?" she asked.

"Not exactly what I had in mind. They're still covered."

"Hmm...I thought they were pretty exposed. They feel pretty exposed. Shayyad main aapka matlab nahin samjhi (Maybe I have not understood you properly). Kya aap karke dikha sakte hain ki aap kya chahte hain (can you show me what exactly you want)."

I leaned over to her and slowly slipped each shoulder straps off her shoulders. When they fell down her arm, they let the cups slide off her breasts. Sonia lifted her arms out of the straps and the bra fell on the berth. She had beautiful pointed nipples that were sticking straight out. "Uff kitne pyare hain!(Oh God! They are so lovely)" I said quietly.

"Kya aap inko choosna chahte hain (do you want to suck them)?" she asked as she tossed her bra onto her kameez on the berth.

"Yeh bhi koyi poocchne ki baat hai! (Of course, no question about it)" I said as I started moving toward her left one.

"Itni jaldi nahin (not so fast)" she said putting a finger on my forehead to stop me. "Hamne abhi game poori nahin kheli We haven't completed the game). Main to bas poocch rahi thi (I was only asking)."

"Arre haan (Oh yes), the game" I realised. She just loved to tease and make this last.

"I think I would like to see your legs", she said.

I stood up, took out the draw-string and slowly drew the string and then equally slowly lowered my pajamas. I had my chappals on (some kind of floaters used in India, except that they are easy to slip into and are made out of leather). So I said "Gudiya (Doll), I think you have lost the chance, since I will have to take off my chappals (floater type footwear) too, and you said that if the request demanded taking off two clothes, the person making the request will lose the chance".

"Shoes, chappals, sandals and socks don't count anyway." she said quickly. "Just clothes." She sounded like she was getting pretty excited. I certainly was.

I stood up and stepped out of my pajamas. "There, legs."

"Haan (yes), legs." Sonia said, grinning from ear to ear. She wasn't really interested in my legs. She was looking at the bulge in my briefs. My cock was hard and the tip was almost peeking out of the waistband. "Very nice too."

"My turn." I said sitting back down. "I want to see your ass."

"Ha! You loose a turn. I can't show you my ass until I have my panties off and I can't take them off until you ask me for something that would take my salwaar off. So, I want to see your nice hard cock."

"I didn't know you had put your panties back on." I protested as I stood up again.

"I had taken them off before starting from the house, to make you feel sexy about me. But, while freshening up I wore them again, since I thought of this game in the bathroom, and wanted to tease you for a longer time" she said.

I slipped my briefs down, letting my hard cock wave in the air. "There you go." I said standing in front of Sonia quite nude. "Mera khayal hai ki main haar gaya hoon (I think I have lost the game). Ab kya (what now)?"

She said "Haan aap haar gaye ho (Yes, you have lost). Oh, I forgot the other rule to this game. Haare huye ko vijeyta ke kapre utaarne padhte hain (The loser has to remove the winner's clothes)."

"Mujhe yeh rule bahut pasand aaya hai (I like this rule). Khari ho jao taaki main tumhare kapde utaar sakoon (Stand up so that I can remove your clothes)."

She stood up and stepped closer to me. I put my arms around her drawing her to me and kissed her. As her soft breasts pressed her hard nipples into my chest I felt her mouth open a little. My tongue began to explore her mouth.

"Aap ko to mere kapde utaarne the (You were supposed to remove my clothes)" she mumbled as she wrapped her arms around my neck.
I didn't say anything. I let my hand slide along the soft warm skin of her back, to the front, slipped a finger into the waistband of her salwaar and started fumbling for the draw-string, which she had tucked in. I fumbled with that damn draw-string, but couldn't for the life of me figure out which end to pull for its knot to come loose. Sonia let me fumble with it for a few seconds then she reached in and pulled out one end and handed it over to me. I slowly pulled the draw-string of her salwaar as I continued to battle with her tongue and hold her tightly to me with my other hand. When the draw-string came loose, and the gap on the top of her salwaar widened, I slipped my hand in and caressed her panty covered bottom. She moved her hips back a little and the salwaar slid silently down her legs to the floor.

"Take my panties off with you teeth." she begged. "Please? No one has ever done that to me, but it sounds so sexy when I hear about it."

"Sun ne mein to aasan lagta hai, par bahut mushkil kaam hai (sounds easy, but, it is a tough task), but I'll give it a try." I slid down her soft warm body, kissing my way down to her waist. I kissed the side of her neck, her chest, the space between her perky breasts, her stomach, gave her belly button a lick, and arrived at the top of her silky panties. I pulled my head back leaving my hands on the back of her legs to look at her panties. They were silky, skimpy, low cut in the front, and had very french cut leg openings. They were so thin I could make out her bush through them. This might not be too hard. I thought the best way would be to pull them down by taking the part that went over each hip in my teeth and pulling that down as far as it would go. She shifted a little and put her legs a little further apart. I pulled the one side part way down her leg, and then kissed my way across her tummy to the other side. Just a little tuft of her pubic hair was not peeking above the low cut waist band. This was going okay so far.

"This is so sexy!" she whispered.

"Yea, it is. You sure have a great body." 

"Thanks! I'm glad you like it."

I was over at the other hip now, and took that part of the waistband in my teeth and pulled it down. That left the panties in a line across her legs just below her now exposed crotch, but they didn't fall. The elastic was still strong enough to hold them in place. "Turn around" I whispered. "I want to pull these the rest of the way down from the rear." I could have just as easily done it from the front, but I wanted to see her nice bottom as long as I was down here.

As she slowly turned around, I could still hear people talking and walking by the door of the coupe. She was now facing the other way. I had two great looking ass cheeks facing me. I kissed one then the other before going down to the waistband of her panties and giving them a final tug with my teeth. This time they slid on down her legs and hung up on her calves.
Close enough, she could step out of them from that point, and that's exactly what she did as I stood up.

"Meri baari (Now its my turn)" she said, and dropped to her knees in front of me. Sonia wrapped her soft hand around my cock and began to slowly stroke up and down its length. After a few times she took the head into her mouth and ran her tongue back and forth on the sensitive underside. Moments later she was sucking hard and running it in and out of her mouth as fast as she could. Her other hand was now holding my balls and gently playing with them. In between she would kiss her way up my cock and then lave it with her tongue on the way down, till she reached my balls. Then she would take each ball in her mouth and gently suck on it while her tongue ran around my ball sac. Sonia was doing that so well and I was so turned on that I knew I couldn't hold off much longer with her doing this. "I'm going to come in your mouth if you keep up for more than a few more seconds." I whispered.

"I hope so." came a muffled response.

"Oh are you going to get it." I said. "After all this teasing and thinking about you all afternoon."

She resumed her work with a vengeance. I couldn't hold off any longer and felt my orgasm start. It was going to be a strong one. I could feel my come start at the base of my cock and shoot up the length of my shaft and into her eager sucking mouth. My whole body shuddered and my knees got weak as I pumped load after load of my come into her mouth. She kept pumping my cock with one hand, fondling my balls with the other, as she sucked and swallowed with her mouth. It seemed like Sonia just couldn't get enough and I couldn't stop pumping come into her waiting mouth. I hadn't had an orgasm like that in a long time. When I was finally done she let go of my balls and let my now partly limp cock slide out of her mouth. "Wow, you really put out a lot of come." she said quietly as she stood up. "I almost couldn't swallow fast enough."

"With the anticipation of the time with you alone, and your sexy boobs in front of me and the royal sucking you gave my cock, I was soooo horny. When I get like that I always come a lot."

"Want to taste yourself?" she said, and kissed me before I could say anything. She held my face as she kissed me and stuck her tongue into my mouth. I could taste quite a bit of my thick come still on her tongue as my tongue moved against hers. She pushed a little of my own come out of her mouth and into mine. She hadn't swallowed that last bit. "It's called snowballing." she said breaking the kiss. "Do you like the taste of your own come in my mouth?"

"Yea, it's kind of a turn-on. No one has ever done that to me before." It really was a turn-on and I was surprised that I liked it. I leaned over and sucked one of her pointed deliciously sexy nipples deep into my mouth.

"Oh haan .... yeh ek pakka tarika hai, meri choot ko geeli karne ka (Oh yes ... this is a sure-shot method for making my cunt wet)" she said.

I flicked my tongue over it and then went over to the other nipple and started doing the same thing to it.

Her hand came to the back of my head and pulled my head tightly to her breast. "Jorse chooso (Suck harder)" she moaned softly.

I sucked harder and just before giving up that nipple, I let a hand slide down her flat, soft belly, slip through her thick bush, and into her slit. The finger brushed over her erect and waiting clit and back to her opening. She was wet alright!

"Now, speaking of eating, come, and being wet, sit on the edge of the berth, lean back, aur mujhe apni choot ko chaatne do (and let me lick your pussy)."

"Main to samjhi ki aap ise bhool hi gaye ho (I thought you had forgotten about it)" She did what I asked. She sat on the edge of the berth leaned back and spread her legs very wide. I had one hell of a view of her whole bottom. Her legs were spread so wide that the outer lips of her pussy separated, revealing the dainty inner ones, her clitoris at the top, and her opening at the bottom. I suppose being as wet as she was, helped.

I knelt between her knees, leaned over her wet pussy and took a deep breath. She smelled so good and so very sexy that I could feel myself getting hard again already. Her clit was just peeking out if its hood and looked very swollen. "Hmm.....I can see what appears to be a very aroused clit here." I teased her.

"Oh please ise chhoo kar dekho na (Oh please touch it)" she begged.

"Chhoone ki jagha main to ise chaatoonga (I won't just touch it. I am going to lick it)."

She grabbed my head with both hands and pulled my face into her crotch. "Bas jaldi se meri pussy ko kha jaao.... ABHI! (Just eat my pussy .... IMMEDIATELY)" she hissed.

That pretty much answered the question. She might have been just a little horny herself. I started licking and sucking on the various parts of one of the most delicious pussies I had ever eaten. I licked her firm clit, sucked on the dainty inner lips, savored the girl come oozing out of her opening, and then went back to her clit. I was in heaven.

She watched me for a few minutes, and then as she got more and more excited she leaned her head back, resting it on the back wall of the coupe. She had stopped holding my head to her and was now just running the fingers of one hand through my hair. The other hand was pinching and pulling on a nipple. "Oh God....this is great.....I needed this. Aur karo, mujhe is ki bahut zaroorat hai. Main kitne dino se is ka intzaar kar rahi hoon (I want more, I need more. I've been waiting for it for so long)" she moaned.
