 Colleen had always wanted to own a pair of stiletto heels. Her parents had told her only sluts wore them. Colleen, in her mind, aspired to be a slut. Sluts got all the sex they wanted and didn't have to go looking for it. Sluts got fucked, but men and women alike, they were lining up to fuck sluts. That is what Colleen wanted.

At 19, Colleen moved out of her parent's restrictive environment and into an apartment on campus. Her roommate & cousin, Tiffany (from LA, fer shure) had 10 pairs of them. "My boyfriend's fetish!" Tiffany told her. "I kind of like them too!" Tiffany said with a giggle.

Colleen could not resist the temptation to try on her roomies shoe's one day when Tiff was in class. She'd already purchased some stockings, pantyhose made her legs itch. She was parading around the room in the hot shoes, her legs looking truly great in them and the stockings combined. She wished Tiff was there - she'd longed to have a sexual experience with her horny cousin and have her as a slave, licking her cunt and worshipping her long, graceful legs. She knew having sex with a relative was wrong, but that was what a slut would do -- and Colleen wanted to be a slut. She'd even shaved her dark, slight patch of fur off for easy access - she knew Tiffany would be worshiping and sucking her pussy tonight!

Then Kevin came in the room. Kevin, Tiffany's boyfriend. Kevin, who was truly off-limits. Only a slut would fuck her roommate's boyfriend. Her cousin's boyfriend. As was obvious, Colleen wanted to be a slut. She walked, sensually, hips swaying, pussy already dripping, towards the young stud.

He was staring at her, an Asian vision in garters, stockings, panties and bra - and the "fuck me" shoes he adored. He was crazy about Tiff, but watching Colleen, so sexy, so provocative, so obviously in need of a good screwing, was driving him mad. Thoughts of fidelity and love and being a good guy flashed through his mind, but they were gone within seconds as Colleen grew nearer. The shoes turned him on so much, and on Colleen's great legs and tiny frame, they made her look hotter and hornier by the minute. He wanted to fuck her, but with the shoes on, which is what she seemed to have in mind.

Colleen pulled him towards her and he fell down on top of her, landing on the bed with a dull "thud". Their lips fused in a steamy kiss, the first of many. "I want this, I really want this!" Colleen panted with mounting lust.

"Then you're going to get it, you fuckable little bitch!" Kevin growled at her. He tore her bra from her body, licking and nibbling her hot nipples, adoring her tits, hearing her little mewls of pleasure. It was only her second fuck - a drab night of passion with Joey Chan preceded this event - but Colleen was determined to make it sizzle. Nothing was going to stop her hot, slutty cunt from getting the fucking she had wanted for so damned long!

She ripped Kevin's pants open, searching for his hardening cock. She took it in her mouth, savoring the lusty man-smell, adoring the meaty texture, licking and lapping like a bitch in heat. She'd watched enough porn with her roomie-cousin to know what to do. She'd played with her pussy secretly while doing it - but next time, she'd be more open - or even let her cousin do the masturbating for her.

Kevin returned the favor, sucking her newly-shaven cunt and licking her clit. This was a hot stud, the kind she'd read about in the forbidden fuck novels she stashed under her bed. He was wild, enticing, exciting. The only thing that could have made this even hotter was to have her cousin's long, black hair whipping about her body as her tongue licked Colleen's hardening nipples. She promised to make this happen soon - she strongly doubted that Tiffany would be angry at her for fucking her boyfriend.

Still on her back, Colleen felt Kevin slide into her, slowly at first, then harder. Her stiletto-clad feet drummed a pattern on his back as he fucked into her, deeper and deeper, harder and harder. She was lost in the moment, a true fuck-slut and she was loving every minute of it. "Harder baby, faster Kevin, oh, make me feel it!" she screamed at her new lover. The steel points of the sexy shoes glistened as her legs wrapped around him, pulling him into the depths of her body.

The Japanese beauty's words inflamed her young lover who was determined to make this fuck wonderful for her. He was nuts about Tiffany, but her horny cousin was one of those women who truly loved cock. She moved against him with more heat than he had ever imagined.

Kevin was fucking her hard, yet all Colleen could think of was her gentle, tall, leggy cousin sucking her, becoming her lover, her toy. Colleen wanted to be with Tiff almost as much as she was loving Kevin's wonderful fucking. 

She had a naughty thought as the young stud drilled into her, over and over. In her mind, the two girls went shopping for sex toys and went home. She insisted that Tiffany use the new dildo on her cunt and ass -- and just then, Kevin would "catch" them, after Colleen had tipped him off.

Then she would suck on her beautiful cousin's golden body, looking into the dark eyes as she rode Tiffany's dildo, Kevin's big cock drilling deeply into her ass. She'd wiggle up and down on the double-invasion of her body, her mind rolling over all the things she'd do to Tiffany when it was her turn. 

Then she and Tiff would begin a slow, subtle seduction of all the girls in the dorm or in in Colleen's sorority. Tiff and Colleen would have a harem of cute, horny young sex slaves. Blondes, brunettes, hot little redheads - all theirs to train to be sex-toys.

Her mind drifted back to the present and Kevin's invading, hard, ramming cock. When she came, she clawed her fingernails deep into his back, squeezing him tightly as he came seconds later. His cum gushed all over her soft, golden belly and she ran a finger through the gooey mess.

As they lay together afterwards, Kevin told her "You know Colleen, you look even hotter in those stilettos than Tiff does! I dunno what got into you, but I'm not complaining!"

She smiled back at him. "Buy me a pair like these, you hot stud and we can have a repeat performance!"

From the doorway, a soft voice purred, "Why wait darlings? I've got a few more pairs in my closet.'

Tiffany walked towards her boyfriend and her cousin, dropping her clothes and leaving a small trail as she stood nude in front of them. She leaned forward and kissed her younger cousin, with a passion that left no doubt as to what would happen next. She had a black and silver pair of stilettos on that matched her silvery blouse and tight, black mini.

The newly-slutty Colleen couldn't wait for her cousin to join them. 4 years of college? When would she find time to study? Oh well -- she could always seduce someone into helping with her assignments. Who in their right mind would refuse her.

Tiffany's lips on her cunt and Kevin's mouth sucking her tits brought her back to the here and now and she just let herself go.