 Disclaimer: All individuals in the following work of fiction are over the age of 18.

Continuing story, reading part one isn't necessary but will be appreciated.

Comments, requests, welcomed, greatly appreciated.

Enjoy!



Sara was still half asleep when she felt the tugging between her legs. She smiled mischievously feeling her knickers being slowly inched down her thighs, legs, and then left around her ankles. Sara opened her eyes seeing the early morning sunlight peeking in through the dark maroon curtains. She looked down to see the form of a body between her legs, all hidden under the covers. She could hear the shower in the bathroom and wondered who could be giving her this early morning delight. Not wanting to interrupt, she just closed her eyes and with a smile on her face, enjoyed the treat. Her body tingled, feeling a warm breath on her flesh, followed by soft lips, kissing the insides of her thighs. Sara widened her legs. She felt a moist tongue travel over the prickly stubble of her two day old shaved pelvic area, and then the amazing sensation of having the length of her cunt being licked. All she could do was grin when she felt the lips of her pussy being sucked on, then, that warm soft tongue darting in and out of her. After a few seconds, she felt the hands of her mystery pleasurer hold the lips of her pussy apart, then a tongue, flicking her clit back and forth. Soon Sara was almost screaming as her clit was now being sucked on. 

"MHmmhnmmmm!" she moaned, now raising her hips into the person's face, as she felt her orgasm approaching. With a hot wet mouth pressed firmly against her vagina, her clit under constant stimulation from a hummingbird tongue, and fingers sliding in and out of her womanly folds, Sara's body shuddered as her climax came to fruition.

"Ahhhh fuck!!, Yes!!! mhmm," she cried, her body convulsing, her juices flowing. As her body calmed down, she could hear slurping sounds as her lover consumed all she had to offer. Just as Sara had slowed her heavy breathing, the bathroom door opened. She was shocked to see Riley walking out, secretly believing Ryan would never be so forward, and that it was him who was in the shower.

Riley smiled at Sara,

"Morning Sara, where's Ryan?"

With brightened eyes, Sara whipped the covers off the bed, exposing her body, naked from the waist down, and Ryan lying between her legs, his mouth soaked in her nectar. 

Riley couldn't help but laugh,

"Wow! Someone's really come out their shell."

Sara just smiled, reaching down to wipe the moisture from around Ryan's mouth,

"Thanks for the wakeup call Ryan, it was amazing."

"Amazing?!? Huh? Well you're going to have to wake me up sometime Ryan," Riley joked.

"Okay let's get a move on," Sara instructed. 

After Ryan and Sara took quick showers, the threesome exited their motel. They smiled pleasantly as the morning sun basked their faces, the treacherous weather seeming a distant past. Ryan felt he was living a fantasy as he walked behind the two girls, both of them dressed in matching summer dresses that barely went past their knees, Riley in blue, Sara in yellow. 

"Okay, I guess it's my turn," Sara said, heading to the driver's side door, smiling coyly as Ryan handed her the keys. Riley had already moved to the passenger's seat so Ryan took the backseat this time. They grabbed some breakfast from a drive-thru and headed back to the free way. 

After their breakfast, Riley was eager to probe their recently former virgin,

"So Ryan, how was your first time? Was it what you imagined?"

"Everything and more, you were so amazing Riley," he complimented, eliciting blushes from the girl.

"Amazing uh? Well, just wait till you feel Sara here, I'm sure she'll be just as wonderful," Riley teased, reaching over and rubbing Sara's bare leg as she spoke. 

Sara looked at Ryan's smiling face through the rear view mirror,

"And what about this morning? Where'd you learn that from?"

"Um. . . nowhere, I just always wanted to try it?"

"Try pussy?" Sara joked.

"Yeah," an embarrassed Ryan replied.

"Well you're very good. Sooo, how did it make you feel?"

"Umm. . .good, I guess."

"Did your dick get hard?" Riley teased.

"Yes, definitely!"

"Did you jerk off in the shower?" she continued.

Ryan paused awkwardly before responding, "Uhhh, no, I didn't"

"Aww, poor baby spent all his time on me and didn't even get is rocks off," Sara interjected, "Maybe you could give him a hand Riles, he was such a good boy this morning, he deserves a reward," she continued, looking over and smiling at Riley. 

Riley turned to Ryan with a big grin on her face. He was sitting in the middle of the back seat. She turned her body and climbed half way over to him. She was lying on her stomach, resting on the center compartment between the driver's seat and passenger seat, her legs resting on the passenger seat. In her awkward position, Riley eagerly reached out, undoing the button on Ryan's pants. He hurriedly lifted his waist, sliding his shorts and boxers to his knees, his semi erect cock bouncing free. Riley quickly took hold of his member and with a couple of strokes; Ryan's manhood now turned rock hard in her soft helping hands. Riley slowly stroked his shaft but was finding it difficult to build a smooth rhythm. Ryan didn't mind, he just laid his head back and enjoyed the feel of Riley's delicate palm sliding up and down his cock. Sara took a quick glance to see how the action was going and noticed Riley's abrupt motions, mainly due to the awkward positioning of her body. With one hand on the wheel, she placed the other on the back of Riley's leg. Sara slowly snaked her hand up, with an open palm, running it along Riley's warm bare flesh. Feeling Sara's touch travelling further up her leg, Riley made a quick look to see what was going on. She looked at Sara who was staring at the road. She just smiled and returned her attention to Ryan's pulsing cock. Sara eventually reached the back of Riley's thigh, and pushed further, sliding her hand under Riley's summer dress. When she reached further up, she expected her hand to be sliding over Riley's underwear, but instead, all she felt was the firm wonderful bare flesh of Riley's tight round ass. Sara smiled to herself as she grabbed a handful of one of Riley's ass cheeks before teasingly but forcefully pinching it,

"Would you please get back there and do a proper job?" she laughed, hearing the sexy shriek Riley sounded as a result of her mischievous pinching. 

"Okay okay," Riley quickly mumbled, reaching her hand back to rub her behind where Sara had pinched her. She quickly climbed over to the back seat in a bumbling haphazard way. Ryan leaned against the corner of the backseat, behind the passenger seat, his legs open, one foot on the floor, and one laid on the backseat. He looked at Riley, who was still adjusting herself in the back, and longed to feel her touch again. Riley then looked over to Ryan once more. She reached her hand out taking firm grasp of his throbbing erection, once again sending and electrifying sensation through his body. She slowly began to stroke him once more, this time having the added bonus of being able to look him in the eye, seeing the pleasure she was giving him. After about a minute of slow teasing strokes, Riley crawled over on top of Ryan. With her hand still gripping his manhood, she laid herself on top of him, pressing his shaft up, flat against his body and hers. She lowered her face to Ryan's, planting a deep sensuous kiss, feeling his warm moist tongue massaging hers. Sara smiled devilishly as she stole quick glances of the pair swapping spit via the rear view mirror. When she felt Ryan's erect cock throbbing against her stomach, Riley slid down, coming face to face with his fleshy manliness. In an instant she devoured his cock, sliding all of its pulsing hardness in her warm mouth.

"Ahhh, that feels soooo good," he moaned, feeling his cock being enveloped in moisture. Sara did a quick look back, seeing Ryan with his head back and eyes shut. 

Riley bobbed her head up and down, swirling her tongue all over Ryan's cock as she moved. The sensation of his cock grazing the top of Riley's mouth every time she moved was an amazing one. Ryan was now combing his hand through Riley's soft hair as the teasing minx drove him over the edge.

"aHhhhh, Fuck! I'm going to cummm!" he blurted. Riley paid no attention to his warning, continuing to bob her head up and down on his cock, using her hand to squeeze his shaft every time she raised her head. Not long after did Riley feel Ryan's cock twitching and his warm juiciness hitting the back of her throat. She left her mouth at the tip of her cock while she used her hand to milk every drop out of him.

"Ahmmmm! Yessss!" Ryan moaned as his orgasm continued. 

When she sensed he was done, Riley licked Ryan's cock clean, planting a sweet kiss on his mushroom top before helping him pull his pants back up. With slightly glazed eyes, she looked up to him with a shy smile, using her tongue to lick the corner of her mouth.

"How was that?" she inquired.

"I can't even describe how amazing that was or how beautiful you look," an out of breath Ryan panted.

"Aww, you're such a sweetie," Riley replied, leaning over and kissing him on the cheek. She laid there, curled up in Ryan's arms as Sara continued down the freeway. 

The three joked and talked about their plans for the week ahead.

Feeling the steady beat of his heart as she laid against his chest, Riley looked up to Ryan,

"So stud? When are you heading back to school? Sara and I want to know if we can hitch a ride back," she asked, kicking the back of the driver's seat with her outstretched foot so Sara could feel.

"Of course. I wouldn't leave you two stranded," Ryan eagerly responded, "I'm thinking of leaving next Friday, we'd be back by Saturday and have Sunday to rest and get ready for classes on Monday."

Sara looked back with a smile, "Oh Ryan, how are we ever going to repay you?" she sarcastically stated in a mock southern accent causing Ryan to blush.

At a little after mid day, the group were beginning to feel a bit restless, being cooped up in the car, 

"Hey, let's stop for lunch, I'm starving, and I gotta stretch my legs," Riley requested.

Sara took the next exit and found a steakhouse not too far from the freeway. They all got out; Ryan lingering a little longer to make sure the car was locked. He liked walking behind the girls, admiring their tight little butts swaying as they walked in their flowing summer dresses. They walked in to the cool comfort of the air condition and grabbed a booth. The waiter took their order. While they waited for their order, Sara pulled out her phone and they all had a look to see where they were and how long again they had to drive. Turns out they had another nine hours. When the waiter brought their meals, everyone was quick to start eating. About halfway through his meal, Ryan couldn't help but notice, Sara's hardened nipples, pressing against her yellow dress, the air conditioning clearly having an effect. Riley noticed Ryan's persistent gaze,

"Humph, guys are all the same, even in the middle of a meal, you only have one thing on your mind," she teased, playfully kicking him under the table. Sara, who was oblivious to the situation, looked down to her breasts and just laughed when she saw her erect nipples that had held Ryan's attention so strongly. When they were done, they settled the bill and headed back for the car. Riley was already out the door when Sara paused to give Ryan the keys. As they approached the car, Riley was standing, waiting for the car to be unlocked. While Sara and Ryan took their time getting back to the car, a powerful gust of wind blew through. Sara had the sense to hold her dress down to her body, but Riley was caught off guard. Ryan and Sara watched in amusement as Riley's light blue summer dress went flying up, exposing all the way up to her flat stomach. As Riley emitted a girlish shriek, Ryan just stared at her round petite, bare ass, the black thin string of her thong running down between her supple cheeks. She tried to corral her flailing dress with one hand, and tried to open the car door with the other, but the door was still locked. She looked helplessly over to Ryan and Sara who had just arrived at the car. Sara went over to the passenger's seat while Ryan stood next to Riley by the drivers sided door.

He leaned into Riley, whispering in her ear,

"Nice thong," before holding the car keys up to her blush red face and pressing the button to unlock the door. All three bumbled into the car in a fit of laughter. 

Again, the three college students were on their way, cruising down the freeway. 

Sara had reclined the front seat and drifted off to sleep, all the morning's driving taking its toll. 

Riley and Ryan were still joking about her dress flying up and then chatted about random things they would see on the road. After a while, Riley became bored, she leaned up front between the driver's and passenger's seat,

"So stud muffin, here you are with two college cuties at your whim, did you ever imagine such a thing in your wildest dreams?"

Ryan smiled and glanced at her, 

"Never in a million years did I think I would lose my virginity this week, much less in the presence of two girls that are soo hot."

Riley blushed slightly at his compliment before questioning him again,

"So. . . if you had to choose, who would you say is hotter?" she teased.

Ryan laughed nervously, 

"Aww, that's impossible, you're both gorgeous, but I will say this, I've always had a thing for brunettes," he replied, winking an eye at Riley. She smiled and looked down to a sleeping Sara, 

"I'll give her this though, she sure does have a nice set of tits," she said, before lowering a hand, and gently passing it over Sara's pert mounds. Ryan looked down as Riley cupped one of Sara's breasts through her dress and slid her index finger across the tip. Still asleep, Sara gently shifted in an appreciative manner, responding to the stimulation. Riley looked up to Ryan with a lustful smile before lowering her head to Sara's. She daringly kissed her neck, letting her tongue linger a bit before moving to Sara's flushed cheek. Before she knew it, Riley was kissing a sleeping Sara on the mouth, feeling her trembling swollen lips pressing against hers. Riley was running her palm on Sara's sun warmed and soft bare shoulder when she got a sense that Sara was waking up. Riley felt Sara's warm moist tongue part her lips. Their tongues met in Riley's mouth and massaged each other before Riley felt Sara's hand on the back of her head. After an intensely long wet kiss, Riley had to raise her head to catch a breath.

"Wow! That's the second time today I've had a surprise wakeup," Sara joked, pulling up her seat from the reclined position. Riley and Sara looked at each other with appreciative smiles.

"You looked so pretty, and irresistible, I just had to have a taste," Riley replied. 

"Well, you got me all worked up."

Sara swiftly grabbed one of Ryan's hands off the wheel, pulling it down to her crotch, beneath her dress. She pressed Ryan's hand against her panty covered paradise, 

"See how wet I am Ryan," she seductively questioned.

"Oh yess," Ryan replied, feeling her slick moisture on his fingertips. Ryan moved his hand higher tracing his fingers teasingly over her flat stomach, then back down past her tiny bellybutton. Sara spread her thighs and licked her lips, enjoying the teasing feel of Ryan's fingers. Ryan briefly rubbed Sara's pussy through her damp panties, pushing the material between her lips before pulling them to the side. Sara raised her dress so Ryan and Riley could get a view. They all looked as Sara's sweet engorged pussy came into view, smooth and almost hairless, her outer lips swollen and parted, her pink inner lips glistening as Ryan ran the tip of his finger along the damp slit. Sara briefly interrupted Ryan, raising her hips to slide her damp underwear down around her knees. Ryan's fingers quickly found the apex of Sara's legs once more, this time; Riley lent a hand, reaching over, placing her fingers over Sara's slit. Sara was massaging her breasts as the two hands between her legs began their magic. Ryan slipped two fingers into Sara's waiting cunt, and began sliding them in and out. Riley was using the tips of her fingers, vigorously rubbing Sara's protruding clit. Riley's quick rubbing and Ryan pumping his fingers in and out was enough to immediately drive Sara to her climax. She moaned loudly as her body shivered, her sweet womanly scent filling the car.

"Ohhh goddd!!! Yess!!! Mhmmmm!" Sara moaned, squeezing her breasts as she gasped for breath and felt her erotic release. Sara's pussy leaked her juices over Ryan and Riley's hands. Riley was quick to bring her hand up to Sara's mouth, allowing her to lick her fingers tenderly, tasting the sweetness of her own cum. After a couple more pumps of his fingers, Ryan retrieved his hand, licking his fingers, tasting Sara's wonderful sex. 

Sara powered down her window, feeling the cool breeze blow over her sweating face, curling up in a heap in the passenger's seat,

"God, you two are too much," she cooed. As Riley and Ryan licked their fingers clean, they smiled at each other in the mirror, pleased Sara had been so satisfied.

At around 8pm, Ryan looked to Riley,

"I'm getting pretty tired, do you wanna take over?"

Riley smiled and stared back, "Uhh, I'm not sure I trust my driving skills in the night, especially feeling so restless. I think we should call it a night, we'd only have to drive about three hours in the morning."

Smiling devilishly, Sara chimed in, 

"Yeah, that sounds great right Ryan?" she said while slowly rubbing is leg. 

Ryan looked at her and smiled,

"You don't have to tell me twice," he quipped, before pulling off at the next exit. 

Ryan found a Holiday Inn and pulled in the parking lot. Everyone grabbed their bags and walked into the lobby. Riley once again did the talking while Sara and Ryan raided the vending machines.

"Hi goodnight, we'd like a room for the night," she pleasantly requested.

The elderly woman behind the computer smiled and after typing away on her keyboard responded,

"Okay, that's one room with two beds, that'll be ninety dollars," she said with a smile.

"Actually, do you have a room with one bed, a king size maybe?"

The woman looked at Riley with an awkward expression on her face.

"Um, yes we do, but it's almost the same price."

"That's okay, we don't mind, we'll take the one bed room," Riley responded with a cunning smile, handing her credit card over to the woman. 

Riley met Sara and Ryan at the elevators and they went up to the room. 

By now, Ryan was not surprised to see only one bed when he walked in the room. 

Everyone just chucked their bags in the corner of the room and sprawled out on the bed, exhausted from another tiring day. Riley switched on the television and they channel surfed. After about an hour, and after being energized by the candy from the vending machines, the three of them started feeling a bit bored. Ryan was laid at the end of the bed facing the television when he was alerted to some action behind him.

Soft sensual moans caused Ryan to rollover to see what was going on. He was pleased to see Sara's dress bunched up around her stomach, her panties laying beside her and her legs spread wide, Riley's face buried in her pussy.

Sara smiled in ecstasy, feeling Riley's soft tongue toying with the lips of her pussy. She spread her hips, raised her pelvis, and arched her back. Using her slender fingers to part Sara's cunt, Riley immediately darted her tongue at Sara's throbbing clit causing Sara to scream out in pleasure. 
