 What have I done? I've completely ruined my probably only chance with Danny!! Why did I walk away? Why didn't I just kiss him? Emma had consoled me the night I came home from studying. I arrived in tears.

"Kerry, what's wrong? Are you alright?" Emma asked sounding extremely worried.

"Did he hurt you?"

"No, he didn't." I sobbed, "He asked me what I've been dreaming about in class and he had his hands on my shoulders, pleading with me to tell him." Tears were still streaming down from my eyes to my tear stained cheeks.

"So I told him and I ran away and I think I've completely ruined any chance I might have had with him." I broke down again. It felt as though my heart had been shattered to pieces, completely beyond repair.

"Oh Kerry, you don't think that, surely do you? I've seen the way he looks at you. If anything you have just confirmed your opportunity with him."

"I hope you're right, because I feel like a right idiot for telling him."

********************

A few months on and yet my growing feelings for Danny have not subsided. I haven't talked to him alone since that night. I participate in class and I always make sure that I get out of his class as quickly as possible. I want to avoid an encounter about what happened that night. But I just can't stop thinking about him. I just can't get his image out of my head. 

It was coming up to Christmas and our student union had organised a social in a club nearby. So Emma and I decided we needed cheering up after our exams and went out to the club. We dressed to impressed, Emma in a gorgeous 1950's dress which showed off her perfect figure and I wore a fabulous corset dress.

We had a couple of cocktails and hit the dance floor. They were playing some of the new songs out on the radio but playing mixtures of the '80s and '90s as well. I went to get another drink, I forgot how thirsty I got when I was out. I bumped into someone at the bar made my apologies, and gave the barmaid my order. I noticed something, a scent, something familiar. I knew it from somewhere but couldn't remember. The person I bumped into turned around. Oh no!!!! It was Danny, that's what the scent was, his cologne and freshly washed clothes.

"We have to stop meeting like this," he smiled. I haven't been alone with Danny since that night in his apartment.

"Oh sorry, I, eh, didn't know who it was, sorry..." I replied, before I quickly walked away. Just in case he brought up the last time we were alone. He started calling for me, but I kept walking. Only when I reached Emma, I realised I hadn't even waited for the drinks.

"Kerry, are you ok?" she asked, "you look like you've seen a ghost!"

"No it was worse than a ghost, I bumped into Danny up at the bar." Emma started to smile. Almost a mischievous grin. 

"What are you smiling about? It's not funny. This is serious." At this stage she was laughing.

"Oh Kerry, I invited him here," she said between her laughs.

"You did what? Have you lost your mind?" I was furious. How could my best friend do this to me??

"Kerry, he said he wanted to talk to you about what happened that night. He came to me at the end of one of the lectures asking about you and why you ran out that night. He was worried about you. He thought he had scared you or hurt you and just wanted to see you to make sure you were alright." 

"Is it ok to come over now?" It was Danny. He heard the entire thing.

"Here's your drinks you left them at the bar." 

"Oh thank you, but I didn't even pay for the drinks."

"I know" he said "I did. I didn't want any bad feelings between us. And if it's ok with you, can I talk to you alone, please?" His eyes were pleading with me.

"Ok but just for a little while," I told him, wondering whether I would regret this.

So Danny and I walked out into the cool night air.

"Why did you leave that night?" he asked. Well at least he was direct!

"Because I didn't know how to deal with the situation after I told you how I felt. I saw the look in your eyes. I got scared because I want you so much but it looked to me that you didn't feel the same way."

"What look in my eyes?"

"Just after I said how I felt, there was this look. It looked like regret. I didn't know what to do. I just had to leave" I mumbled, reliving that horrible moment in my mind.

Danny just stood there, not saying anything for a full five minutes. He kept looking at me as though I had ten heads. I wish he would say something, anything.

"Kerry, that wasn't regret, if it was anything, it was shock. I couldn't believe you felt the same way I did. You're on my mind every single moment. I can't help it. You're so beautiful and intelligent. I haven't met someone like that in quite a while. You astonish me to no end." 

His hand cups one side of my face. I feel my eyes watering. He feels the same way. I can't believe it.

"Oh" I said. My mind was reeling. He thinks of me, he finds me attractive and smart.

"But what if we get into trouble? This could ruin your entire career. I don't want to be responsible for that, if it happens."

"Kerry, that's my decision, not yours. I want to take this chance, I don't care about the risk. I care about you. I want this, more than you can possibly imagine. I want you so much. I wanted to kiss you that night in my apartment. I wanted to give in to you, I don't care anymore about it being allowed or not. I want you."

We were millimetres away from each other. Tears had started to roll down my cheeks. He felt the same way. He likes me, he wanted to kiss me. He pulled me into his chest, my head resting on his shoulder. He held on to me tightly and whispered: "Can I kiss you?" I looked into his eyes and saw the passion, lust and something else there that I just couldn't grasp.

"Yes Danny. Kiss me please.."

I tilted my head slightly as our lips met. Soft at first, our lips touching, sucking, building in passion and intensity. Our tongues were in a fight to the death. We were all over each other as though if we stopped, the world would come to an end. I never wanted this kiss to end. 

He was an amazing kisser. He went from light kissing, to nibbling on my lip and tantalising my tongue with his. He backed me up into the wall pushing his body against mine. I could feel the heat of his body through our clothes. He put one of his knees between my legs getting me to spread them, rubbing his hip against me, as he left a trail of kisses down my neck. I was so wet, I wanted him to fuck me right here. I could feel my nipples hardening as they rubbed against the material of my dress and his throbbing member straining against his trousers rubbing against my stomach. We came apart to get some air.

"Wow," I said as Danny was staring at my hardened nipples.

"I'll second that," he replied with a smile.

Maybe Emma was right, maybe I hadn't ruined my chances after all!