 Oh my god!! I've kissed Danny. Wait until Emma hears about this.

I've finally got to kiss the guy; I've been spending every waking moment about. I'm a student in the local college and I've just made out with the lecturer I've fantasizing about all term. I'm Kerry and the guy in question is standing before me, in a black suit and a black silk shirt. He looks amazing and I want to give into him right here in the outdoor area of the club. 

"Kerry?" Danny whispers as he pulls me into him.

"Yes Danny."

"Fancy coming back to my place?"

Oh, Lord what do I do now? Do I say yes and give into my growing lust for him? This could spell a lot of trouble for us. Danny could lose his job and I'd be expelled.

"I want to, Danny, I really do. But what if we get caught? This could cause horrible repercussions for both of us. I'm scared, Danny."

"I'm scared too but not about us. Kerry, I have to have you. I'm going out of my mind. I can't bear not being around you, holding you, touching you, kissing you."

His eyes start to melt as his bluish green eyes turn into pools I want to swim in. I've never want any other person as much as I wanted him.

"Ok Danny. Let's go, but on one condition. We take it slow."

I sound like a complete hypocrite. I want this man more than anything else in my entire life. But I don't want him to think that I always go off with people after sharing just one amazing kiss.

He laces his fingers through mine and entwines them together. We go out the side entrance so not to attract attention. My mind is in a daze, but constantly screaming, to be careful. You're surrounded my other students from your college. We leave the club and hail a taxi almost immediately. Danny gives his address on the campus and the taxi heads off.

While we're in the backseat, I remember I've left Emma in the club!!!!!

I text her to explaining the situation. She told me to enjoy myself and not to worry about her as she had already pulled. I had to smile, it couldn't be helped. Everything seems to be working out. I cuddled up to him and just enjoyed him holding me and trailing kisses along my neck. We quickly arrived at our location and my heart started to race, what is going to happen now? Danny smiles and pulls me into him for another amazing kiss. My breathing was getting heavy, my chest heaving with the level of lust I had for him. 

I softly whispered in his ear, "Take me to bed."

His eyes shimmered as he grabbed me close, his hand wandering all over my back, down over my ass, and back up again. I was glad I wore my sexy underwear tonight.

We finally got to his apartment door; he opened it and quickly brought me inside and closed it again. Now we were completely alone. My heart was going to come out of my chest if I didn't calm down. We almost ran into each other's embrace. The kissing heated as though we might never have a moment like this again. Danny's mouth pulled and nibbled on my lips, I could feel myself getting wet. Our tongues fighting each other, to get into the other's mouth. Our hands were everywhere. I had slipped my hands under his shirt to feel the hard, lean muscles that were sending me into a fit. I wanted him now, to hell with the consequences. His hands had started to work their way up my thigh, lifting the skirt of my dress as he went. My leg was resting up on his hip. His cock rubbing up against my pussy, it felt so good I just had to moan. His hand had reached my hip. He could feel the pattern of my black lace French panties, when suddenly he stopped. 

"Kerry, I want you. I need you. But tonight I want to pleasure you beyond your wildest dreams. I want this to be just about you." His breathing was heavy from our kissing and touching. 

"But, what about you? You need release as well," as I said this, I slid my hand over his throbbing erection. He groaned in pleasure. 

He turned me around and pulled the zipper down on the dress. It fell to my feet and I stepped out of it, leaving me standing in my high heels, black lace underwear and a corset to match. His eyes looked like they were about to pop. He stared at my body making me very self-conscious. 

"Do you not like it?" I asked, looking for his approval.

"I love it. You're beautiful. It took me by surprise," he whispered, his smile, soft and gentle. 

He came towards me again starting a trail of kisses all over my body. Every single inch of my skin was on high alert. His feather light kisses sent thrills through my body. My back arched every time he went near my neck. It's one of my weak spot. I turn to putty if anyone goes here it. He assaulted that spot with a force that turned my legs to jelly. He picked me up and carried me into his bedroom. He lay me on his king size bed and left to retrieve my dress. While I was lying there, I cuddled onto the pillows he had. So soft and deep. I inhaled and caught the scent of his shower gel. It was mouth watering. He came back into his room and closed the door. He took off my shoes and had just climbed onto me kissing my neck again, when there was a knock at the door.

Danny groaned, "What the hell? Talk about inconvenient." He smiled, bent down to kiss me and went to go answer the door.

"Oh, hello."

"Hi Danny, I was wondering could we talk?"

That was a woman's voice. What is going on?? I lay in the bed wondering what was going to happen.

"Alicia, we've already talked, there's nothing more to say."

"Danny, I want to try again. Please." You could here the plea in her voice. "We were so good together. Let's try to make it work this time."

Oh my god!!! It was his ex-girlfriend. I was lying on his bed half-naked; I have to get out of here! I started searching for my clothes trying to make as little amount of noise as I possible could. I got back into my clothes, put on my shoes. 

"Alicia. Look we already tried, it just didn't work. I'm sorry but that's the way it is. There is nothing for us left to do. Now, I'm going to bed. If you want to talk about this come back tomorrow."

I peeked out the door, just as I did this. Alicia leaned in and kissed Danny!! Oh my god!! I have to get out of here! I noticed there was a fire escape outside his window. So I climbed out and started to walk back to my dorm. What am I going to do??