 Hi, please leave comments or send me feedback. I like to know if you enjoy the story, or whether it's getting boring. Your opinion could really help thanks!

*********************

Okay, I'm going to lose my mind. I thought he liked me. I thought finally, we were going to get together and have an amazing night. It started off pretty damn good but then his ex showed up. Right, come on Kerry, you've never given up on something you wanted. Why should you start now?

I had been prep talking myself all the way back to my dorm room. I was hoping that Emma wouldn't be back at the room with the guy she pulled at the club. I needed to get my head straight. I arrived to find the room peaceful meaning Emma wasn't home. I got out of the dress, which had been lying in a heap, on Danny's bedroom floor only 15 minutes ago and went for a shower. After the shower, I got ready for bed and wrote down everything that had happened between Danny and me so far. It made me horny thinking about all the kissing and touching but it made me annoyed as well. It seemed every time we took a step forward we'd take two steps back. I crawled into bed, it was 1.00 a.m. I drifted to sleep thinking of Danny. 

Knock, knock. I thought it was part of the dream, but I heard it again. I dragged my ass out of the bed, it was 4.00 a.m. I opened the door.... It was Danny. 

"You okay?" I asked.

"I was about to ask you the same thing," he said. "I've been searching for hours looking for you. Why did you run off?"

"Oh, I heard your visitor and thought it was best I made myself scarce, since it looked to me like you were making up." I didn't mean to sound so pissed off but I was. "And how did you find me? I never told you were I was living on campus?"

"I'm a lecturer, remember? I have access to all the student records." Damn it!

"Can we talk about this?" That was the second time he asked me that question in less than 7 hours.

"There's nothing to really talk about, is there? You have an ex, who is interested in getting back together and from the way your lips were dancing tango, you seemed pretty interested as well." My eyes were watering and my voice was choked, I had never been upset like this about a guy before. But, then again, I never felt this strongly about a guy either. 

"Can you please leave? I'm tired and want to go to bed."

"Kerry, we really need to talk about this. We need to sort this out if we want to work."

"I think you need to sort yourself out and decide what you want, because I don't want to be second best. Now," I said as I held onto the door, "please leave. Call me when you've decided, because right now, I'm just..... I cannot deal with seeing you kissing someone else." I closed the door. 

A new term, new subjects and new lecturers, oh the joys of college. I haven't seen Danny since that night. It's killing me not speaking to him, not kissing him, not feeling his arms around me.

I looked at my new timetable and I have Danny again for this semester. Damn it!!!! I can't escape from this and I know the head to head about that night is going to happen. I can't avoid it. I look at the other subjects. Oh my god!!!! This can't be happening. It just can't.....Alicia is one of my lecturers this semester!! What am I going to do? I'll have to talk to Danny, tell him that I have Alicia this term and discuss what's going to happen. I need to talk to Emma. She's always been the rational one. I always think with my emotions rather than my head.

I arrived at the dorm, with two copies of the timetable, one for Emma and one for me.

"Hey Ems, where are you?"

"I'm in the bedroom, trying to pick out an outfit, I have a date."

"Cool, who's the guy?"

"Remember I told you I pulled at the Christmas social? It's him. His name is Chris."

"Oh, yeah I remember now. Yeah, he's pretty good looking and really nice."

"Speaking of good looking, Danny was here."

Stop, rewind, freeze! What!! "Danny was here? When? What did he want?"

"Bout 20 minutes ago, he was looking for you. Said he wanted to speak to you A.S.A.P," she shrugged. He didn't tell her about that night. I already did so, now on to the main event.

"I have a problem, Em; I really need your help."

"Okay, shoot, what's up?"

"Look at our new timetable, look who we have for databases."

Emma looked at the paper; her brown eyes went huge in astonishment, her mouth forming a perfect "o". 

"Is that who I think it is? There's no way. It's impossible. Kerry you can't really think that, this is Danny's ex, Alicia."

"I already did the research, checked her on the teacher/ student database. It's definitely her. Emma what am I going to do? What if she finds out? What if she heard me moving around in his place that night?"

"I don't know Kerry, but there's no point in jumping to conclusions. We'll just have to wait and see. But I suggest you get your ass around to Danny's, pronto. Now, help!! I have no idea what to wear," she laughed. 

After we finally picked out an outfit for Emma, I rang Danny, from my mobile. 

"Hello." His voice was so soothing; he had a sexy phone voice.

"Hi Danny, it's me."

"Kerry, how are you? Where are you? Are you ok?" he asked, his concern strong in his voice.

"Yeah, I'm fine, don't worry."

"Okay, Kerry, but I want to tell you this now. I'm sorry I didn't ring you before now but I've been sorting myself out and making sure Alicia gets the picture that we're finished. I chose you. I don't want Alicia. I haven't for a long time. I just wanted you to know that."

Oh my god! Oh my god! But first things first.

"Danny, we have a huge problem."

"What is it?"

"It's about Alicia."

"Okay, well when do you want to talk?"

"I'll meet you at your apartment at 4 o clock. We need to sort this out."

Ok? I'll see you. Bye." 

"Bye Danny."

He picked me! He picked me. This causes a problem. Danny and I equal hot passion but huge consequences. Add Alicia to the mix and if she found out? How do I get myself into these situations? Kerry, you are up into your neck now and can't get out.