 Hey everyone! This is chapter six. Feedback welcome. Enjoy the story.

*******************************

Four o' clock rolls around and I arrive at Danny's door. My palms are sweaty and my heart is jumping out of my chest. But this has to be done so just get it over and done with. Kerry, get ready for the minefield. 

I knocked at Danny's door, got no response and knocked again. This time I did. My jaw nearly drops, Alicia opens the door.

"Hi, can I help you?"

"Em, I'm looking for Professor Cummins, is he in?"

"No, he's not here at the minute, will I tell him that you called in?"

Her body blocked the way into the apartment. So I couldn't exactly go in.

"I'll just wait for him in the foyer. Thanks."

Oh man, this is getting ridiculous. I text Danny, where are you, hoping he was on his way. My thoughts kept drifting to Alicia and what the hell she was doing up there. My phone vibrated in my pocket, it was from Danny. He replied saying, just walking up to the apartment now see you in a few. So he's nearly here, phew! 

He walked into the foyer of his building and smiled his sexy smile, wow, I wanted to jump right here. 

"Hi, Kerry, it's so good to see you. I've missed you."

"Hi Danny, nice to see you." I didn't know what to say, he just has the ability to make me act like a little girl with a crush, rather than a woman who had very deep feelings towards him.

"Danny, Alicia is in your apartment. I think she wants to talk to you and I don't want to be in the way."

"Kerry, don't worry, come on we'll go up together. Trust me you won't be in the way."

He guided me to the lift in his building. As soon as the doors closed he was on me like a rash. His mouth was wonderful, his hands making their way up my light t-shirt. His cock rubbing up against me, my pussy pulsing with desire, I knew given the chance, I'd get into bed with him as soon as I possibly could. All of a sudden we were on his floor and he was bringing me to his apartment. He unlocked the door and Alicia was nowhere to be found. He told me to wait in the sitting room. So I sat down on his couch, it was so comfy, the kind that envelops you. He came back out with his hand around Alicia's arm. She was half dressed, with suspenders, tights, high heels, lacy, boxers and a white shirt. Her skirt was in her hand as Danny was leading her out.

"But, Danny, I was doing it for us. I really want us to work. Why won't you let me back in to your life?"

"Alicia how many times do I have to tell you? There is no us! Ever! Period! You just need to accept that."

"I won't accept it. I'm going to fight for you, Danny; I'm not going to lose you to someone else. And what is she doing here?" Her eyes were like slits as she scrutinised me. The look in her eyes ran shivers down my spine even though I didn't flinch. I just looked at her coolly. 

"She is here to talk about her last paper I graded her on. She thinks she deserves a better mark. I am a lecturer, she's a student. That's my job, remember, to meet with students who ask for help or want a paper re-examined. Now, I think you should leave and finish getting dressed, you have a new semester to plan for."

"Danny, can we talk about this? Please? I don't see why we had to end."

"You cheated on me Alicia, so neither of us were happy in the relationship. Now stop acting like a spoilt brat and grow up."

With this he guided her to the front door and out into the hallway. She just stood there, the shock apparent on her face. It looked like it finally hit home, she was fighting a losing battle.

"Oh and Alicia, I want my apartment key back."

"Its still in your bedroom, attached to my keys."

"I'll get them," I offered. The tension in that room was going to kill me.

I walked into his bedroom. My eyes looked the entire room over. She had set the scene of a seduction. She had candles lit all over the room, rose petals spread out over the bed. You could see the shape of where she had been lying on the bed. I ran to the locker to grab her keys and get out. I couldn't stand being in there. I handed the keys to Danny; he took the key off and handed them to her. 

"Goodbye Alicia."

"Danny, I'm sorry. Please..."

"Its too late, Alicia, now go home." And with that he closed the door.

He walked back into the sitting room, and sat down beside me. He leaned back into the chair and pulled into him. God he felt so good and he smelt gorgeous. I tilted my head to meet his as he brought his lips down for a kiss. It was soft and gentle. It was as if he was afraid, that I was so delicate, his lips might crush me. I met his lips with a hunger. The trip in the elevator sparked a passion in me and I would not be happy until he was buried inside me. I straddled his lap as we broke from a kiss. I could feel his hard on through both our clothes. I was wearing a denim skirt so, there only my little girl boxers and his clothes in the way. I started rocking against him rubbing my lips against his cock. He was pulling my t shirt off as he started trails of kisses all over my neck. He popped the catch on my bra and let my breasts fall out. His eyes just staring as though all his birthday's had come at once. 

"You have the most amazing tits I have ever seen," he whispered, his voice was all praise and awe. His fingers started in circles around my breast and after each circle was complete he'd much his finger in half a millimetre. It was complete torture, but I enjoyed every minute of it. He finally got to my nipple, which was hard as stone from his agonising fingers. He brought it slowly to his lips, where he sucked, teased and nibbled on it. I was going to blow. My pussy juices had completed soaked through my underwear and was more than likely leaving a wet spot on Danny's trousers. I was rubbing myself up against him faster and faster while he concentrated on my breasts and nipples. I could feel the build of the on coming orgasm. I was losing all control; I grabbed Danny's hand and slid it into my panties, forcing him to play with my clit. After a few minutes of the blissful assault on my clit I was moaning into his ear telling how good it felt to have him touching me. How wet he was making me and how I couldn't wait to feel him inside of me. I was coming, from his fingers on my clit and I couldn't help but feel he was enjoying it too. I was definitely leaving a wet patch on his jeans, no doubt about it. I fell onto his shoulder for the coming down off the high. He held me close like cradling a child. 

"Kerry, are you alright?"

"Yes Danny, I'm absolutely wonderful. Thank you. You have no idea how long I've waited for that."

"I bet I could guess."

"Okay, guess," I said curious if he'd get it right.

"The first day we met?"

"Maybe......but you need to be more specific"

"After our conversation in the sports hall?" 

"Wow, you're good...how did you know?" I asked completely amazed he had gotten it right.

"Because I felt the exact same way. I came back here, and jerked myself off thinking about your body, the way your ass sways when you walk, the way your eyes light up when you laugh, plus I put you in some of my fantasies." 

"You'll have to tell me about them someday."

"Don't worry, I will, now what did you want to talk to me about?"

I felt so comfortable around him, that I stayed topless 

"It's about Alicia, I have her next term and I don't know what to do. Danny what if she finds out about us? What if she tells the head of the college? What if you lose your job?"

"Kerry, that's a lot of what if's, but as long as you keep a cool head and as long as we're careful, Alicia will never find out. Please stop worrying. Now, I think its time you got back to your dorm. It's 9 o' clock. I'll walk you back, its dark out I don't something to happen to you."

I went into the bathroom, to freshen up. I slid my underwear off and stuck it in my pocket and put the rest of my clothes back on. Danny was waiting for me outside the bathroom. 

As we walked across campus, it was peaceful and quiet, like something out of a film. We held hands and stole quick kisses throughout the walk, and while he wasn't looking I placed my underwear in his jacket pocket. A bit of a present, something for him to remember this night. He walked me up to my door, glanced around to make sure we were alone, and kissed me. It was an intense kiss, that if I didn't pull away from we'd have sex in the corridor. I pulled away and kissed quickly goodnight and ran into my dorm room. I leaned against the door. Phew, that was amazing, wait until I tell Emma. I got stripped for bed and just as I climbed in, I got a text message from Danny: That was amazing. I can't wait to do it again. Oh and thanks for the surprise you left in my jacket. Will help me perform later on. Night xxx

Wow. Kerry, your parents were right! College is the best time of your life!