 Hey everyone, sorry this chapter took so long. Feedback is welcome. Please feel free to send suggestions about where you would like to see this story going. Thanks!

***********************

It's been a week since that night in Danny's apartment and I don't want to rush things, but at this pace I'm never going to sleep with him.

I know I shouldn't rush it, because if something goes wrong or we're caught it could be catastrophic. But I need him more than I've ever needed anything before.

Monday.

I've Danny's class at 1.00 p.m. I have a plan. I'm going to seduce him into sleeping with me. I just need to right outfit. It's perfect: a tight fitted, low cut, white, see-through t-shirt and a pleated grey skirt with a slit running up the side, long enough that everything is hidden but short enough to make Danny go nuts.

I walked into his classroom and took my seat in the first row in his direct line of vision. I can't wait to see how this works out. As everyone starts to file into the room, every single guy's wandering eyes glanced over in my direction. I knew that this was all for Danny but I loved the attention I was receiving. 

Soon after Danny arrived. He went to his desk and prepared for the lesson and then looked up to the class. His eyes shot straight to me, I couldn't help but smile, as his eyes went as big as dinner plates and his pupils dilated to the come-to-bed--with-me glow.

As he began the lesson, I did little things to catch his attention, like rolling my tongue over my lips, biting down softly on my lower lip, crossing my legs under the table so that the slit in my skirt would ride up my thigh. Every so often he would lose his train of thought and have to start over. So, finally, after all the little things served their purpose, I pushed it up a notch, I slowly spread my legs under the desk, ran my hand over the inside of my thigh pushing the skirt even higher. I faintly heard Danny's breath catching as he looked down to my desk. I left this morning with no underwear on so he had the perfect view of my freshly shaven pussy, which was getting wetter with every passing minute. I knew I was going to leave a wet patch on the chair but I didn't care. I knew this was driving Danny crazy. It was a good thing you could see through his desk as I could see the outline of his massive, raging hard on. 

I took it one step further near the end of class. I slid a finger over my clit sending a thrill through me. It was so dirty playing with myself in class, knowing that at any moment I could get caught. Danny watched out of the corner of his eye while still teaching the class. I could see the pure animal lust in his eyes. Finally class ended. I started to get up to leave but Danny called me.

"Kerry, can you stay back after class please?" 

He sounded stern. Uh-oh. Maybe he didn't appreciate the show I put on for him? I'm going to be in a whole load of trouble. Soon everyone was gone; with Emma being the last to leave gave me a supportive smile and a wink. Now it was just Danny and I. I stayed where I was until he started or called for me. He just sat there looking at me. Then he began.

"Kerry, what do you think you were doing? Pulling something like that in class? Have you lost your mind? Imagine if you had of been caught?"

As he was talking I walked over to his desk.

"Are you trying to get caught?"

Now I was sitting in front of him, on his desk, with my legs crossed.

"Did you not enjoy it Danny?" I pouted. "Because from where I was sitting you and you're fabulous cock seemed to love it" I whispered.

He grabbed on to me and pulled me on top of him in the chair. His cock was straining through his jeans; I could feel it poking at my pussy. 

"I did love it, and so did you but we have to be careful"

I slide down his body, he groaned as my pussy rubbed against the length of his cock. I got down on to my knees in front of him, slowly undoing his zipper. 

His voice was chocked with pleasure, "What are you doing?"

"I'm making a move" I said as pulled out his gorgeous cock. It was the most mouth watering cock I'd ever seen, 8 and a half inches long and 2 inches thick. I licked my lips and started to suck slowly on the tip of his cock, sucking on it like it was a lollipop. He rolled his head back as his hand slid into my hair. I licked from the base up to the tip and back down again. I sucked the tip into my mouth and slid my mouth down his pole. About ¾ of the way down his cock hit the back of my throat, so I slid my mouth up and down his cock, rolling my tongue all around it, until my throat was relaxed and then sucked all of his cock into my mouth and down my throat. Oh my, I was deep throating his cock and he was thoroughly enjoying it. His breathing was getting heavier, his hands were pulling my hair as he started taking over and fucking my mouth. I loved it when guys took over. Danny made me feel dirty and I was enjoying every minute of it. I started to gag on his cock and I could feel his balls tighten. I wanted to taste him. Just then there was a knock on the door. I can't believe this. What a time to get interrupted?! 

Someone poked their head in the door.

"Hello Danny."

You've got to be kidding me, give me a break, that someone was Alicia. God, she always picks the worst times to show up.

"Alicia, what are you doing here?"

"I wanted to apologise for the way I've been acting. I know we're over and I should move on, that it was my fault we ended, but I still love you. I just wanted you to know that." 

"Alicia, look we've talked about this time and again. We're not getting back together and that's that. You need to move on and meet someone new. Stop thinking about the past and start thinking about the future, a future without me in it. We can be friends Alicia, but no more. Now, I have work to do I'll see you at the staff meeting tomorrow. Bye."

I don't know how he managed to keep his voice so level as I was still sucking on his cock throughout this entire encounter. Alicia turned and left closing the door behind her. Danny pulled me out from under his desk my mouth still around his cock. 

"You're very bad to be sucking my cock through that. I'm going to have to punish you for that."

He turned me around and put me face forward on his desk my ass up in the air. He pulled my skirt up my back. He was looking at my pussy, now, dripping wet and my tight little puckered hole. His hand was rubbing over my ass squeezing it every so often. Then suddenly his hand came crashing down on my ass. He was spanking me and I liked it. He did it repeatedly but the pain was turning into pleasure. I start to moan as he got up behind me and started pulling himself. I wanted him to fuck me so I start pushing back against him. But he kept moving out of my reach. So I stop and start fingering myself. My hole was so wet three fingers slid in easily. I was moaning as my climax came closer and closer, my pussy was gripping onto my fingers like a vice. Then Danny shot his cum all over my ass. I came as soon as it hit my flesh. Both of us groaning and writhing in pleasure on his classroom desk. 

"Meet me at my room at 8.00 p.m. and we'll pick up where we left off," Danny whispered as he held me to him. He kissed me hard and we got our things and left.

We went our separate ways as we went to our rooms. I couldn't wait to tell Emma how her plan had worked!