 Hey everyone I know it's been a while I've just been busy. Hope you like the story. Feedback welcome as always.

*******************

I was getting ready for my 8 o'clock meeting with Danny when there was a knock on the door. I went to get but Emma got there before me so I went back to finish my make up and do my hair. I heard Emma raising her voice and that is never a good sign. Emma is always very laid and very rarely ever loses her temper. I went outside to see what all the fuss was about. Then I heard that voice..

"Emma, I just want to talk to her, it's not like I'm going to run away with her."

Oh no! Why did he come here? Why now? I started to tremble, I can't deal with this now.

"JD just go away! Kerry told you before she's not interested, you completely strung her along! You can't just expect her to fall straight back into your arms as though nothing happened!! You cheated on her, do you really think she would just forgive you? Just because you arrive with flowers! Nothing has changed, she's happy now why can't you just leave her alone?"

Thank god Emma answered the door. It was JD, my ex-boyfriend. Basic story, fell in love in high school until senior year, I caught him in my apartment with another girl. Both of them stripped of their clothes, going at it like a pair of dogs on my couch. I kicked them out, broke up with JD and haven't spoken to him since. He broke my heart, and now, when I'm finally back to myself and happy, he shows up. I go out to the door to rescue Emma and tell him to go away.

"Hello JD, long time no see," I said coolly as I held onto Emma's hand for support.

"Wow, you look amazing Kerry, college did the world of good for you," he smiled his crooked smile, showing his white teeth, and weakening my resolve.

"Thanks or could be the fact that you weren't around, what are you doing here?" 

I'm trying to keep my emotions in check, but all of my feelings for him come rushing back and my head is starting to swim.

"I want to talk to you, you know, about before? I was wondering if we could meet up for a drink and just talk, please?"

"What is there to talk about? You cheated on me for, and these are your own words, 'a newer model', so there's nothing left to discuss, oh by the way, congrats on the baby," I growled.

I was trying to be polite in my words but I felt my anger boiling.

"Besides, I'm otherwise engaged," as I said this, I wrapped my arm around Emma's neck and pulled her lips to mine. We stood in the doorway, our lips dancing, our tongues in fight to the death. The look on JD's face was priceless. 

"Now, I have a meeting to go to, so goodbye JD nice seeing you." I smiled as I swatted Emma on the ass, the smile evident on her face she was proud of me, and I left for my meeting with Danny.

**************************

It was 8:05 pm when I arrived at the bar. Danny was standing there, waiting for me to arrive, in all his glory. He was wearing a crisp, white shirt, tight blue jeans and a pair of Docs. God, he was a sight for sore eyes. He beamed when he saw me and rushed over. He pulled me into his chest and I melted into him. He smelt so good, I couldn't resist and brushed my lips slowly over his jaw line. He growled into my ear, "None of that, or I'll end up taking you in the bathroom."

His eyes locked onto mine as I said, "Is that a promise?" I giggled and pulled away from him and walked to a free table, him following behind me. 

"So, you were late, you're never late what happened?"

I explained to Danny about JD and our history, what our conversation was and my brief "affair" with Emma. He seemed to be annoyed.

"Danny, what's wrong? You seem annoyed and upset, talk to me."

I was worrying that he would want me to try and make things up wit JD, because of age difference between us.

"He came back to you, to talk? He was trying to get back with you, Kerry, of course I'm annoyed. After what he did to you, he's lucky I don't know what he looks like, because I'd kill him. Plus I can't believe you kissed Emma and you didn't let me watch," he said, breaking out into a smile and laughing out loud. I laughed with him and lay my head on to his shoulder. He put his arm around me.

"Danny, I want to try something and you have to just go with it, ok?"

"I'm scared, but ok, what do you want to do?"

"Just sit here, be right back!"

I walked into the toilets. I loved this bar because all the toilets were individual rooms instead of cubicles and had loads of room. I text Danny told him to go into the ladies toilets and walk into the first room on the left. I slowly stripped out of my halter neck top and tight black skirt. I got a text from Danny saying he was outside. I unlocked the door and pulled him into the room and relocked the door.

"Oh god, Kerry what are you trying to do to me?"

I was standing in front of him, in just my corset and matching thong, suspenders and high heels.

"I said I wanted to try something and you said you'd go along with it," I pouted. I walked over to him and kissed him and rub my hip off his erection. He was getting harder each time my hip rubbed. 

"Do you want me Danny? Do you want to bend me over the sink and just have your way with me?"

He twirled me around and put me onto the counter at the sink. He trailed hot kisses all over my body, working his way slowly downward. He slid his fingers into my pussy, his thumb rubbing my clit, making me twitch and arch my back. His lips attacking my nipples as he pumped me with his fingers. 

"Oh Danny, that feels so good...please...please don't stop" I muttered trying to string a coherent sentence together.

He picked up the pace, his fingers working me into a frenzy while I tried to control my moaning to a minimum. Hoping that if someone should walk by they wouldn't hear us. I could feel my orgasm whirling ahead.

"Danny...I'm...oh god...I'm going to cum..."

Just then, he pinched my clit between his finger and thumb sending waves of pleasure all over my body, my vision blurred and my body finally slacked. He kisses me back to my senses, I tried to set myself on my feet, footing was a little wobbly. I sank to my knees, and undid his zipper and kissed the head of his cock. His cock throbbing, I slowly sucked him into my mouth inch by inch, torturing him with how slow I moved. He grabbed my head and pushed his 8 and a half inches into my mouth. I hum on his cock as he pumped it into my mouth. 

"God, Kerry, you mmmm, make it so good" he panted to me, just as I felt his balls contract and his cum jet into and hit the back of my throat. I swallowed every single drop and lick the head clean.

"Did you enjoy that?" I asked with a coy smile on my face, he pulled me close to him and told me to get dressed, so he could get me back to his and show me just how much he enjoyed it. I giggled as he pulled me into for a kiss. It was slow and sensual, like he was getting reacquainted with something he hadn't had in a long time. He savoured it, I didn't want it to ever end. He pulled away and picked my clothes up off the floor, handed them to me so I could get dressed. I finished up and grabbed my phone. There was a message from Emma:

"You need to be careful hun, JD is out looking for you, watch your back. Luv u xx"

I showed Danny the text, this was my worst nightmare. We were going to be discovered, everything was going to be ruined. How is it that JD can take a perfectly great thing and ruin it for me? Danny's face was set like stone, no emotion whatsoever except from his eyes, he was livid. 

"I'll go out ahead, follow me a few minutes later, ok?" I said to him as he stood there motionless. He looked like a stranger at the moment to me.

"Danny, everything is going to be ok, we'll work it out." I kissed him, unlocked the door, glanced back, he looked at me. 

I whispered, "I love you, Danny" and walked out. I know I took the easy way out to say that to him because right now he couldn't talk about it until JD was out of the way. I walked out of the ladies and there was JD sitting at the bar. I tried to sneak past him, but failed.

"Hi, Ker-Bear, how was your meeting?" he asked, obviously trying to be friendly.

"It was fine, thanks I'm going home now, and I think you should go home too, JD" I finished and left. I started the walk back to my dorm, and heard footsteps behind me, I assumed it was Danny catching up with me, so I kept walking until the person grabbed me and slammed me into a wall. 

"Ouch, jesus, what the hell," I fumed until I realised it was JD.

"JD what are you doing?" Danny where are you, my mind in a frenzy.

"I'm going to make you pay for what you did to me" he growled at me. "You fucking humiliated me to the whole town, you have to pay for that" he said as he started tearing at my clothes. My mind was racing, I tried fighting him off, but he was too strong, and all I could think of was Danny.

Danny, where are you???? Please, please hurry and find me before it's too late...