 Hi people, I'm so sorry for taking so long to get around to writing and uploading this but its done now! As always comments and feedback welcome! 

Thanks xxx_willow_xxx.

******

20 minutes later Danny arrives at my dorm and as usual he takes my breath away. His green/blue eyes that I could stare at forever, his gorgeous smile and one of the most sensual mouth I've ever had the pleasure of tasting, his lean, strong frame that engulfs me every time he wraps his arms around me. At the very moment, I realise I've never wanted another person in my life more than I've wanted him, even if it means me getting kicked out of college. Danny is my lecturer. I step aside to let him come into my room.

"Hey thanks for dropping by, I know you're probably busy," I said as I shut the door behind me.

"I'm never too busy to see you Kerry, you should know that by now," he said as he crossed the room to me and dropped one of the sweetest kisses on my lips. As always the kisses turned passionate as he backed me into the door, trailing and exploring my skin with his hot mouth and tongue. 

No, Kerry you brought him over for a reason, my conscience spoke, but my selfish side made an appearance and said yes but it can wait this can't anymore it's been too long of a wait already. My conscience said exactly what harm can a few more minutes make and it was right. This needed to be said out in the open and discussed and I couldn't do it if Danny keeps going and believe me he was going....really good!

"Danny, wait," I said breathless as I always am, when Danny and I make out. 

"Hmmm," he mumbled as his lips traced over my collarbone, his tongue flicking into the contour of my neck.

"Please Danny just wait a few minutes, I need to talk to you first, please?"

"Okay, okay...sorry, I just can't help myself around you," he laughed as he pulled away from me and instantly I missed the warmth of his body up against mine.

We sat down in the living room, as I wouldn't be able to talk if we sat down on my bed. 

"So," Danny said, "What do you want to talk about?"

His voice was that of inquiry. 

Okay, show time Kerry! Get yourself together...

"I want to talk about us. We've been through a lot over the past couple of months, first with me admitting me feelings to you, then Alicia and then with JD last night and I want to know how you feel, you know about everything. Will everything that happened wreck what we have? I know how this sounds Danny, clingy and needy and insecure but I can't help but worrying especially after well you know... "my voice trailed off at the end, there wasn't really anything else to say.

"Oh Kerry, don't ever be afraid to talk to me, no matter how it may sound, I want you to know I'll always be here for you. Fears are nothing to be ashamed of and to answer your question.

First yes, we have been through a lot but it's worth it. For you, it will always be worth it. Second when you admitted how you felt, I was ecstatic because I felt the same way about you, only I was worried because I was and still am your lecturer and we could both get into trouble. Third, Alicia was something I never saw coming, just as I'm sure you weren't expecting JD to arrive out of the blue. Usually when you break up with someone you can remain friends with them but in both circumstances that wasn't the case and you don't expect your ex to try to win you back. Fourth, if it wasn't for the fact that you needed me so much last night, I would be in prison right now."

By now, my jaw was on the floor, I never expect Danny's feelings to be so strong that he would kill someone who would hurt me. I know there are people who say it and we all dream that there is a person like that out there, who would hurt or kill someone who tried to hurt us...but when that person arrives it's a bit of a shock. But Danny wasn't finished yet.

"But the most important thing is," he paused and took a breath. He took hold of one of my hands, his other hand raising up to caress my cheek and his eyes locking on to mine, he smiles softly and says, "and not to be cheesy but 'you have bewitched me body and soul, and I love you most ardently'" he smiles and says, "Sorry but I just couldn't help myself I'm a sucker for the romantics."

I sit there shell shocked for about two minutes not knowing what to say. He has totally stumped into silence. I tried to string a coherent sentence together but I just can't pull it off. I open my mouth to say something but nothing comes out and I shut it again. I look like a fish in a tank.

"Kerry, please say something," he pleads with me.

"I don't know what to say that Danny...except I love you too."

He pulls me into his arms and kisses me with an intensity that is world shattering and mind blowing. We break apart and embrace as though never to let go.

"God, Ker you had me so scared for a moment, I don't know what I would have done if you didn't feel the same."

I smiled and replied, "Well that's something you'll never have to worry about again."

I moved away from him, took hold of his hand and guided him into my room.

"Ker, I don't think this is a good idea, I mean if you want to that's fine with me, but I don't think you're ready for this, not yet."

I couldn't help but smile, he really is so considerate.

"I'm not going to do anything and neither are you, we are just going to lie in bed and hold each other and maybe make out a whole lot," I giggled as I got into the bed. Danny quickly followed suit and then we were lying together holding the other. I thought I could never have been happier in my life then I was at that particular moment. We kissed and cuddled and talked some more. 

"One of these days, I'm going to spoil you all day and all night, it will only be about you and nothing else. I'm going to show you how much you mean to me, Kerry."

"You don't need to do that Danny. Tonight you showed me exactly how much I mean to you."

"I want to."

"But..."

"But nothing! I'm going to spoil you."

"Okay, okay im not going to argue, but I'm starting to feel sleepy now," my voice getting lower and softer by the time I finished the sentence it was almost a whisper.

"Don't worry, go asleep, I'll be right here when you wake up, I'm not going anywhere."

So I fell asleep with not a care in the world.........

********

A few days later...

My phone rings while I'm getting ready for class, it was Danny.

Me: Hi, Danny.

Danny: Hey, Ker, how are you?

Me: Not bad just getting ready for class, what 

about you?

Danny: Day off today so not much planned, do you 

want to come over?

Me: What? Are you asking me to ditch class? I laughed and heard his warm chuckle. 

Danny: Maybe, can you come over please?

Me: Okay, what time do you want me?

Danny: So many ways to answer that question, about an hour ago.

Me: Ha ha okay I'll be over now, see you in a few.

Danny: Okay Ker, see you. Bye.

Me: Bye. 

I hung up the phone. I brought my bag and my purse. It was 9.00 a.m. According to the weather report on the radio today was going to be a scorcher so I was dressed in a white cotton dress with no straps and buttons all the way down the front. For the finishing touch I wore a pair of not too high wedge heels and I was good to go. I left a note for Emma who didn't start class 'til 12 where I was and to cover for me, she knows the drill. It was a system we've had since high school. In our cliché if we went for a night out and didn't want our parents to know; we'd do the round robin. Calling our parents and telling them we were staying in the other person's house. I left and locked the door behind me. 

The weather report was right, it was gorgeous and it was already starting to heat up. The walk was short but enjoyable. I arrived at Danny's apartment and knocked. I wonder why he wanted me to come over today. He opens the door, smiles and pulls me inside and closes the door. 

"Morning Kerry, you look beautiful," was all he said as he leaned in to kiss me. After the kiss which was short lived to my liking, Danny handed me a bouquet of red and yellow roses. 

"Oh wow, Danny these are gorgeous. Thank you so much. God these must have cost you a fortune," I laughed as I went into the kitchen to put them into water.

"You're worth it. Do you know what day it is today, Kerry?" he asked.

Is this a trick question??

"It's Friday, why?"

"Remember what I said to you on Sunday?"

"Erm... that you loved me and I should never be afraid to talk to you?"

"Yes what else?"

"Erm....I can't remember, what is this about?" I turned after putting the vase on the counter and Danny was standing right behind me.

He rolled his finger across my lips and said, "I told you that one of these days, I would just spoil you all day and night."

"Oh yes, I remember, but I thought you were just kidding. Danny, I told you, you don't have to do that."

"Too late, I've arranged everything".

Everything?? What is he talking about??

"What do you mean everything?"

"You'll just have to wait and see but right now, I'm going to kiss you again and then I want you to go home and pack a bag for an overnight stay. Don't ask questions," he said as he saw me opening my mouth to inquire what the hell was going on, "and be back in the hour. Emma already knows but she is sworn to secrecy, so she won't say anything." 

Damn it! I'm going to kill Emma and Danny for this.

He walked up to be slowly trailing his fingers on my skin across my bare shoulder, my collarbone, along the curve of my neck and then slowly on my lips. He inclined his head to the left and I brought my mouth up to his. The kiss was like a caress across my lips. The kissing progressed through all the different stages kisses could possibly have. He went from light kissing, to nibbling on my lip and tantalising my tongue with his to kissing me like his very life depended on it. He backed away from me with an erection that would climb out of his jeans on its own if it could. My breath was ragged, my lips swollen from the kissing. My nipples were hard and puckered, showing through the material of the dress. 

"Now," he said as he fought to get his erection and breathing under control go back to your dorm, pack your bag if you have questions about wardrobe ask Emma, like I told you, she knows what's going on and I'll meet you at the main entrance to the college in one hour."

"But, Danny, I..." I moved closer to him. I didn't want to stop. I wanted him to keep kissing me, to tantalise me, to make me forget everything including my own name. I wanted him to carry me into his room and fuck me in a way I'd never be able to forget. 

"No buts, you don't have a whole lot of time so, I'll see you in an hour. I love you Kerry." With that he kissed me once guided me to the door, gave one last quick peck on the lips and closed the door. My mind was in a jumble, what the hell was going on?? 

On the way back to the dorm I received a text from Danny: 

Missing you already, please bring that dress with you. You're such a naughty girl not wearing a bra. I can't wait for later on. The things I have planned for you. See you soon, doll. Xx

I had no idea what exactly he had planned but I was excited never the less. Looking back on it now, I never knew how that one day would change my life completely.