 Hey everyone, I know it's been a very long time since I posted anything but things just got very mental for me.....so here's the next chapter and as you're reading this I'm working on the next one hopefully the wait won't be as long. Feedback, comments, voting all appreciated. Enjoy! xxx_willow_xxx

******

I walked through the door of my room and Emma is putting the finishing touches to my overnight "bag". It must be the biggest suitcase she could find. 

"Ems, I don't mean to sound unappreciative, but what the hell are you doing?"

"I packed for you. I know how much you hate packing." She smiled at me, pleased that she had helped.

"Yeah, but it is an overnight stay, not 6 months away from home," I laughed, and smiled back.

"Thanks for doing it though, so Ems, where the hell am I going?"

"Oh, no Kerry I'm not telling you, he'll kill me," she giggled and added, "but trust me you need everything I've packed. Trust me." 

I hate being kept out of the loop. It totally sucks. I sat down on my bed and huffed. Emma laughed and sat down beside me.

"Ker, I know how much you hate not knowing what's going on but believe you and me, you're going to love it. You'll come back tomorrow and won't stop bragging about everything." She gave me a quick hug and stood up. 

"I've got to get going, I'm meeting up with Chris after class so I need to go look fabulous. Have an awesome time and tell me all about it when you get back." She laughed, hugged me and went into her room.

I was sorely tempted to see what Emma had packed for me but I resisted. I had 40 minutes before I had to meet with Danny so I went for a shower. I stripped out of my clothes and got into the shower. With the hot water cascading down over my body; I let my mind wonder free while I enjoyed the water running over my skin, gently running through my hair, down over my neck, rolling over my nipples causing them to harden and slowly making a trial down to my pussy. I run my hands over my body using my strawberry body wash. My fingers come in contact with my nipples, and a pain shoots straight through my body and settles between my legs. I think about Danny, wishing he was here right now in the shower with me. I fantasize about his big hands running across my skin as he slowly sucks one of my nipples into his mouth. My hand glides across my wet skin and down to my pussy and run my fingers across my clit, I moan out loud. I think about his body pressed up against mine, him kissing every inch of my skin, making me moan his name, as I slide one finger inside myself. Oh my god! I was so wet and it had nothing to do with the water! I slide another finger in as I imagine Danny's hands grabbing my breasts and rolling my nipples with his fore finger and thumb while slowly kissing and sucking down on my neck. I bite down on my lip to stop myself from moaning too loud; Emma was only in the other room. My thumb was rubbing in a circular motion on my clit as my mind was thinking of Danny sinking to his knees in front of me and sucking my clit into his mouth. My fingers moving faster and faster; in and out and in and out. 

"Mmmm, Danny", I moan out his name. I can't help it, I'm so turned on. He spent a few minutes just sucking on my clit as he buried two fingers deep into my pussy. He has me leaning against the wall; it's so cold against my hot, flushed skin. My pussy is throbbing around my fingers as my daydream entices me closer and closer to orgasm. He pulls away from me and stands, his cock standing at full mast away from his body. I reach out to touch it but he pulls away from me. 'Please, Danny let me touch you. Let me taste you,' I begged in my fantasy. But he reaches for me, grabs my legs and lifts me up. I wrap my legs around him and can feel his thick cock rubbing against my clit. I moan again as my fingers are rubbing furiously on my clit and my other hand squeezing, twisting and pinching my nipples, alternating between the two. Slowly he reaches between us and puts his cock to the entrance of my pussy. 'God, Ker, you're so wet,' he says breathlessly and he slams into me. I scream out loud as my pussy contracts around my fingers, my orgasm crashing over me again and again. My legs feel like jelly as I try to recover. I turn off the water and get out of the shower. I've got about 10 minutes to go meet Danny. I quickly dry off and get dressed, grab the suitcase and head for the door.

******

Making sure I have everything I run across campus to the main entrance and Danny is already there waiting. He smiles at me and his eyes diverted to my overnight "bag". I laughed as I said, "This is Emma's doing, not mine. She had everything packed when I arrived back at the dorm."

"It is okay, was just wondering on how long you thought we would actually be away," he said as he smiled that leg weakening smile at me. 

"Haha, okay so where are we going?" I asked my curiousity getting the better of me again.

"Patience, Kerry....it will be worth it I promise."

"Ok if you say so," I grumbled, "so what are we doing here?"

"Waiting on our lift," he smiled at me just as a taxi was pulling up to the curb. We put our bags into the trunk and got into the back of the taxi. 

"So are you going to tell me where we are going? Or is it one of those things that if you tell me you have to kill me?" I joked as the taxi sped through the suburbs surrounding the campus on to the countryside. 

"I'm not going to tell you, Kerry you will just have to be patient and wait," I pouted as he said this and his reply was, "don't pout," he laugh and whispered into my ear, "I have a much better use for your mouth," and slowly brought his lips to mine in a soul shattering kiss. Time flew as our lips fought the other for dominance and before I knew it we were in a secluded area with a wood cabin centred in a beautiful picturesque wood surrounding. It looked like scene from a postcard. My initial reaction was shock. 

"Danny this place is beautiful." My voice so struck with awe I didn't know what else to say.

Danny had paid the taxi driver and removed our bags from the car as I looked around me. 

"I'm glad you like it....I use it to get away from the stress of teaching and grading papers. It's a nice reprieve to come out here where there is nothing but the sounds of the woods and not have to worry about someone invading my privacy."

"So it's like a holiday home? So you own this cabin??"

"Yes to both questions, come on I'll show you around," as he took my hand in his and led me up onto the porch. 

He unlocked the front door and stood inside, I followed and he shut the door behind me. The cabin was huge!! The place was open plan. There was the living room as soon as you entered with a huge stone fire place to the left and the television on the chimney breast. All the furniture in the room was wood mostly pine or oak apart from the couches and recliners surrounding the fire place and TV. At the back of the couch was a counter or divider for the living room and kitchen. The kitchen was fitted with again warm wood presses and marble counter tops. At the back of the kitchen were French doors which opened up to a small lake situated 5 minutes away. Parallel to the divider was the stairs to the second level which spiralled to a hallway that can be seen from the both rooms below. 

"So what do you think so far?" Danny inquired.

"This is amazing, Danny. Truly, how did you come by a place like this? It's beautiful", I replied as my eyes drank in all the details of this beautiful home away from home.

He smiled, pleased with my answer, "I'll tell you another time, I'll give you the rest of the tour", as he took my hand and went up the staircase leaving the bags in the living room. There were 5 rooms upstairs: one was a bathroom, 3 guest rooms and the master bedroom with an en-suite. The master bedroom was amazing. Painted in a soft pale yellow, this room also had a fireplace and was roughly about the same size as the kitchen. The bed was huge!! A four poster bed with white heavy curtains as well with four pillows, a duvet and a comforter all hazel in colour to contrast with the yellow. Danny, who had been standing at the door leaning against the frame gauging my reaction, came up behind me and wrapped his arms around my waist and whispered in my ear: "well what do you think??"

"It's beautiful, Danny!" 

"Good, I'm glad you like it. I promise by the time we leave tomorrow you'll want to come back here again and again. The things I have planned for you, Kerry. I hope you'll enjoy them as much as I will doing them to you." He laughed softly and kissed my naked shoulder. 

"What do you have planned for me??" I ask nervous for the first time.

"Just wait and see...but don't worry it won't be anything painful, I would never do anything to hurt you. I plan to make you come over and over again, but now is not the time, no matter how much I'm tempted."

As he led me through the cabin, back downstairs, my mind was reeling....What the hell was he going to do to me???