 I'm first to wake up. I generally am. As I lie there, idly thinking, about the day ahead, the night before, and listening to you breathing heavily, deeply, snoring, sleeping beside me, I keep my breathing all relaxed and sleepy too.

I roll gently over and put my hand by your hip, as you sleep on your left side, and rest it there awhile, before making a pseudo little sleepy noise, running it briefly along your right buttock, and resting, still all casual, cupped around your cock, around your balls, seemingly not sexual in intent, no response from you, and I stay perfectly still there, making sure my breathing suggests nothing but sleep.

And so we lie.

I move my thumb, almost imperceptibly, over the smooth familiar skin of your cock, and, detecting no response, I, finding it harder to keep that nonchalant breathing thing going, move it again and then stay perfectly still. Just a flicker, the tiniest of responses, but, hell, the beam that spreads across my face makes me shine and at the base of my spine I feel a tingle that spreads up and oh, but it just makes me want to stretch on out, and I do. And then I wait.

I keep my hand so still in that place as I feel you come to life, no words, no acknowledgment that we're even awake, just gently nudging, pushing up against my hand, becoming way more than a handful, before you turn around, and I do so in unison, so I am wrapped up and spooned and smiiiiiiling, with that cock, now wide-a-fucking-wake, nudging up at my curvy arse. But no eyes open, and maybe it's a dream; I, on my side, back to you, lift up my leg, and your big, now fucking rock hard, cock sneaks up and sniffs at those open lips of mine, and nudges in its head for a tiny peek, before pulling back out again and rubbing up and down between my wet-wet aching lips.

I push my arse further up against you, as you tease around that opening, and I give a little moan, before turning around to meet you.

You push me onto my back and me, I'm not arguing, not one bit, eyes, mine, big, blue, wide open, watching you intently, looking up at your face, but you not looking into them at all... a man on a mission, and you nuzzle your way down my neck and nibble and gnaw at my breasts. You bite gently on a nipple, which rises to meet you, and I close my eyes and stroke your beautiful head, run my fingers through your hair, as my back arches feline-like, pushing my voluptuous breasts up and into your face. There'll be marks for sure, and in the days that follow every time I look down to put on my bra I'll smile like the pussy that got, or is about to get, the cream.

I am just mmmm-ing and wanting that goddamn dick of yours so much at this point, and when your hand moves down, my legs are open wide, desperate for your touch, your rub, up and down around my whole pussy, which, frankly, and at the risk of becoming appallingly clichéd, is on fucking fire. My rounded hips push up to meet your hand, as it snakes its way down, and then I close them just before you reach your goal and turn myself slightly around, just a little out of access. For the first time, you look up at me, taking your attention away from the task at hand, and shake your head like I'm some naughty school grrrl. I am jelly and you, not roughly, but firm for sure, make it clear who's the boss. You steer my body back onto my back and push open my long legs; I don't need persuading.

You open me up, put your face right down there and suck me like a goddamn juice-dripping peach. Just, wow. What you can do with your mouth should be bottled and sold on the open market, and you, my friend, would be a fucking millionaire. Taking in that whole area, somehow you manage to be nibbling at my clitoris while poking with that tongue, down, in, at exactly the spot which is burning to be poked.

So... if ever a woman were ripe for the picking, I would be that woman.

And then you stop. You stop and reach over to the dressing table and start scrabbling around while I watch and resist the temptation to ask what's required.

You grab hold of some kind of lotion, hand cream maybe, and pop the lid, before straddling me and easing your way up my body so that you're seated astride me, round about my waist, and I watch as you squirt cream all over my chest and into your own hand.

I see where this is going and let you rub that cream on me, massaging it into my breasts, while I scoop some of the lotion from your palm and take hold of your shaft, which has edged up my body a little and can all-but look me in the eye. I fucking love that feeling of your cock in my hand and I lean up a little to lick the tip of you, and you wink back at me, before smoothing the cream up and down. For a while we are both wrapped up in the task at hand, but we aren't doing this as a beauty exercise, and slippy-slidey is the required result, so we stop and you push my ample breasts together, sliding your cock in between them, one hand guiding yourself. I take over and create a mock pussy cleavage, while you rest your other hand on the wall behind the bed. You roll the tip of your cock around my nipples and then slip back between. This continues for a few minutes, before you stop and in one swift movement are back between my legs and inside me with one almighty thrust.

And then we just go. For a few moments we just flail, not together, each to our own rhythm, until we fall into synchronicity. I tighten my muscles inside, wrapping you close and feeling every twitch as you pound in and out of me. In and out. I just fall into this and let my body do the talking, while I feel my head float away towards orgasm and my thoughts become purely of that moment and that feeling and of you and the overwhelming desire to have you come inside me.

And as you thrust harder, I cling on tighter and will you to cum, just come, and I hear your slight moan as it begins and this, plus the twitching and pulsing of your cock inside me, is enough to make me join you and cum along for the ride.

You collapse on top of me, both of us laughing, gently, smiling for sure, and there you stay, in this Sunday morning state, as we drift into a gentle nap.