 I walked along the sidewalk in front of my College's dorm buildings. Traffic flowed on the street next to me and fellow students passed by but I was oblivious to all of this. I turned my face up to the sun and let its rays warm my face. I was horny as hell, and it was all I could think about.

I made my way to the front door of my dorm building. I caught sight of myself in the shine of the door's glass, and giggled. The flush across my cheeks and chest was visible, even though the colors were muted in my reflection. My nipples were swollen and showed through the thin fabric of my tank top, and my denim shorts hugged my hips in a way that made me even hornier. My wavy brown hair fell around my shoulders, sticking to the light sheen of sweat that covered me. My gaze strayed to my face. My eyes were heavy and my lips were slightly parted. I even looked like I was horny- I needed to do something, badly. 

I pulled the door open, walked quickly down the first hallway, and turned the corner to the hallway that led to my room. I could feel my pussy drenching the fabric of my panties with each step, and was eager to shove something inside me as soon as I could get to my room.

I was snapped out of my thoughts by the arrival of another student at the opposite end of the hallway. He walked down the hall to a room on the left, and began unlocking the door. I let my gaze roam his entire body. I knew him from somewhere, the library, maybe. I remembered that he was very shy. He had dark brown hair that was smooth and shiny, and fell to just above his shoulders. His face was pale, with dark eyes and soft looking lips. I noted the lean muscles flexing in his arms as he shifted his books from arm to arm. He wore dark jeans and a dark grey tee. There was something very mysterious about him that, at the moment, was driving me insane.

Instead of turning into my room, I continued slowly down the hall until I reached him. I stood behind him and watched as he finished unlocking the door, and pushed it open. He walked into his room, set his books on his desk, pushed his hair back, and turned to close the door. When he saw me standing in his doorway, lust clear on my face, he stopped dead. He stared at me for a second, lingering at my chest. His eyes widened as they caught my nipples straining against the fabric of my shirt. 

I moved forward, entering his room, and his eyes snapped back up to my face. He stared at me, bewildered, as I closed his door behind me and locked it. I leaned against his door, and let my hands roam my body while I continued to look at him. My hands skimmed over my thighs, slid along my hips, up my sides, and came to rest on my breasts. I gently squeezed them, and watched his chest hitch as he sharply inhaled. I grinned and let my fingers play over my nipples. Every time he raised his eyebrows or his breath caught, my pussy clenched and my face flooded with even more warmth. 

I was driving myself crazy. I walked forward, coyly batting my eyes and nibbling my lower lip. He made a small noise, somewhere between a whimper and a moan. My stomach leapt as I reached him, and pressed my body against his. My hand grazed his hip, and my fingers trailed to his waistband. Two fingers slid between his waistband and his smooth, hot skin, and I pulled him harder against me. I pressed my breasts into his chest and my hips against his, and started to walk forward. He moved with me until he was at his bed and sat down, mouth slightly agape and stared at me in shock. 

I brought my knees to either side of his hips, and straddled him on the bed. My torso rubbed against his, sending waves of pleasure through my chest and straight to my groin. I slowly began to grind, swivel, and twist my hips in his lap, and splayed my fingers in his hair. My face was close to his neck, so I gently licked and sucked at the flesh there, right below his jaw. He breathed in deeply and clenched his fists at his sides, and tilted his head so that I had better access to his neck. I lightly nipped his skin, and ran my teeth along his jaw to his ear where I began to nibble. He made a whimpering noise again and his hand jumped to my knee, but he quickly withdrew it. I made a noise of protest and grabbed his hand, returning it to my knee and sliding it up my thigh. My hand moved from his, but his hand continued to slide up my body, settling at my waist. 

He gently squeezed my side, his other hand joining the first. His hips began to grind with mine, and I could feel his now hard cock putting pressure on the front of my shorts. This made my pussy flood with warmth, and I whimpered into his ear. He breathed out slowly and leaned back until he was lying on his bed, his hair spreading around his face. He had the same expression on his face that I had on mine. 

My pussy was dripping, and it ached. I once again grabbed his hands and placed them on my breasts. He stifled a gasp and gently squeezed them, closing his eyes and biting his lower lip. 

"Harder," I whispered. This was the first thing I had said to him, and it seemed to shake off some of the shock he was feeling. He squeezed harder, pushing my breasts together, and rolling my nipples between his fingers. I whimpered slightly and ground my hips harder into his. His eyes narrowed, and his hands slid back to my waist.

Next thing I knew, I was flat on my back, my legs spread, and he was on top of me, still grinding our hips together and now nibbling my shoulder. This sudden turn of events was definitely a good thing, and I closed my eyes to enjoy it. 

His hands played at my hips, my chest, my neck, and my waist. His fingers slid beneath my tank top, and up to my chest where they cupped the bare skin of my breast. He moaned into my neck, and tore my tank top over my head, revealing my naked torso. He quickly caught a nipple in his mouth and began to suck and nibble, causing my hips to buck into his, putting a delicious pressure against my swollen clit. He moved his hips away from mine, causing a whine of disappointment. 

I felt the rumble of a deep chuckle in his throat, and he moved his hand to his jeans. He unzipped them to relieve some pressure, and went back to devouring me. His mouth went from breast to breast, down my stomach, to the waistband of my jeans, and to my thighs. I squirmed and nibbled my lip as I watched his face move up my thighs, closer to my drenched pussy and shorts. My whole body was trembling with the need for something to touch my pussy, so I decided to move things along. 

My fingers found the clasp of my shorts and I quickly undid it, and began to wiggle them down my hips. He grabbed my waistband and quickly slid my shorts off of my legs, and threw them on the floor. My pussy was now clearly visible through my soaked white panties, and I saw his eyes ravage the sight. 

His hands slid up my inner thighs, gently pushing them further apart. When his fingers reached the hem of my panties, he let one finger slip inside of them. He teased my clit with feather light touches that drove me crazy. The fluttering it sent through my stomach made me push my pussy against his finger. I had only a second to enjoy the feeling of his finger mashed against my throbbing button before he pulled it away, laughing. "What do you say?" his voice was a deep growl. 

"Please," I whispered. "Please, touch me." He let a low growl escape his throat, and buried his face in my panties. His tongue pushed against my clit and along my pussy through the already drenched fabric. I gave a muffled squeal, and grabbed fistfuls of his hair, pulling his face harder against me- bad idea. 

His face was no longer between my thighs, but next to mine. His hands captured mine and pinned them on the bed above my head. He was careful not to put any pressure on my pussy, even though I was desperate for it. 

"What are you doing, little whore?" he growled into my ear. "You don't get to be in charge. If you want this, you play by my rules." I nodded, my breath irregular and labored. When had the tables turned so? "Good girl," he whispered, nuzzling my neck. "Now tell me what you want."

"Touch me," I choked out. "Touch me, lick me, fuck me, anything." I felt his mouth stretch into a smile against my neck, and he reached down to his jeans. He quickly slid them off of his legs and onto the floor, and pressed his cock, now covered only by boxers, against my pussy. I squealed and arched my back, fighting against his grip on my wrists.

"No, no, no, bad girl," he gasped. "No fighting." I stopped fighting his grip, but continued to arch my back and push against him. My pussy was on fire, and I needed him soon.

He moved my hands to the bed beside me, and let go. I was smart enough to keep them there. His face returned to between my legs, where he once again began teasing my throbbing clit. I whimpered and moaned, wiggling my hips, begging him to give me what I needed.

He chuckled again, and slid my panties from my hips and off of my legs. His eyes glazed over at the sight of my bare pussy, and he slowly lowered his head back down to it. His tongue gently lapped at the juices covering my folds, and sent shocks through my entire body. I cried out, and tried to shove my hips against his face. He pulled back. 

"Easy now," he said with an impish grin as I groaned. I twisted my fists into the sheets at my sides, and he returned to my pussy. He took mercy on me and shoved his tongue into my wetness and against my clit, which he sucked between his lips, causing me to twitch and arch my back further. 

"Ooh, you're a naughty little thing," he whispered, his voice rough with lust. "Look how wet you are." He slowly pushed a finger inside me, and I wiggled against it, trying to take it deeper. He pulled it out, and brought it to my lips. I opened my mouth eagerly, and he pushed his finger in. I caressed it with my tongue, lapping up all of my juices, and cooing. "Good girl," he moaned. "Good girl."

His hand returned to my pussy, where he pushed a finger in again. I squirmed against it until I was on the verge of coming. 

"I'm gonna come," I whimpered. He withdrew his hands and left my pussy clenching around nothing, feeling far too empty. I cried out in rage and clenched my fists. He chuckled, and pulled down his boxers. 

My pussy flooded with warmth as his cock came into view. It was perfect. It was long and thick, smooth, straight, and hard.

"Please," I whined. "Fuck me, please. I need it. Fuck me." He grinned and guided the tip of his cock to my pussy. He slowly, tantalizingly slid it against me, teasing me. I kept myself from trying to wiggle on to it, lest he move away. 

When his head was thoroughly coated with my pussy juice, he moved it to press against my hole. I was shaking with anticipation, my entire body tight and hot. He slowly pushed forward until his head popped into my pussy. The dam inside me broke, and my hands flew to his shoulders. I squeezed him, squirming on the tip of his cock. 

He whimpered and grabbed my hands, once again pinning them over my head. In one swift motion he slammed his entire cock inside me, filling me to satisfaction. I squealed and met his next thrust with enthusiasm. He continued to pull out and then slam back in, grunting with each thrust. I clenched my pussy around his cock, relishing the heat inside of me. 

His cock slipped from my pussy and he flipped me over. He slammed back into me from behind, hitting the most delicious spot inside of me each time he thrust in. I yelled and moaned into his mattress, quivering with pleasure. His hand found my wrists and pinned them again, while the other wound itself into my hair. He gently tugged, pulling my head back and making my scalp tingle. 

I felt a burning heat begin in my stomach and spread to the rest of my body.

"I'm coming," I whispered. "I'm coming." He slammed into me harder, moaning and growling. My pussy convulsed around him as I screamed into the bed. He grunted and cried out, and slammed into me. I could feel his cock swell and a wet heat soak my insides.  

We both stopped shaking and collapsed onto his bed. He pulled me against him, and stroked my hair while he kissed my forehead. My fingernails grazed his bare chest, and my lips suckled at his skin. We fell asleep there, and when we woke up, both of us were more than ready for another round.