 It was one of those crazy days. You know, those days where it seems like everything is going so crazy, but so well. I was just finishing my marathon of classes at the university and preparing my schedule for my final semester of college. Finally I would be done and not have to worry about test, projects, or papers. The other thing I would not have to worry about is the daily bombardment of the countries finest breast, butts, and bodies. Okay, so the latter is a bummer, but finally I would be able to afford to take a fine lady out for a fine night on the town.

It was about 3:00 in the afternoon and before I headed home I had to turn in my graduation request to the registrars office. I stopped into the office and begin to ask the cute girl behind the tall desk a few questions. During our banter, I learned her name was Stephanie, and she was a sophomore. She seemed rather interested in talking to me, which did not bother me because she was cute. When her coworker left to run an errand, she asked me if I was seeing anyone, and I told her the truth which was that I had just ended a long-term relationship just a month before. She was so understanding and eager.

When her coworker returned, we begin talking about business again. I asked Stephanie a question about my graduation records to which she did not know the answer. So, she politely excused herself to go speak to her supervisor. That is when I noticed that cute little Stephanie was a full-fledged hottie! She stood only about 5'2" tall, but did she look good. She was one of those really curvy gals, the type that make you think of as all woman. Her breasts were an incredible size and her nipples shown through tight fitting sweater. When she turned I was dazzled by the way her black stretch pants flowed over her perfectly shaped backside. She was a dream.

When she came back towards me, I could not help but to stare at her large perky breast. They are to this day the best pair I have ever seen. The way her nipples just ever so slightly showed through. As I stood there and stared I not only noticed the shape showing through her sweater, but also the color. Her stretch pants paved the perfect V shape of her womanhood. I was so taken back by her pure sexuality I did not even notice she saw me staring at her. She had caught me, but she merely cleared her throat and asked, "so, you say you are free to meet for a consultation sometime?"

I did not understand what she was saying, but I figured she was just trying to change my thought pattern from lusting after her to something else. Playing along, I said that I was free anytime. As she finished my question, she said she would write down the person I needed to e-mail who would give me the answer. After taking the small piece of paper, I looked at it and it did not have an e-mail address. Instead, it said, "women's bathroom, first floor." That was it, how was I supposed to read that?

Well, not wanting to be an idiot or to be seen as a pervert, I made my way to the first floor to the women's bathroom. The cleaning women was just finishing her work and I peered inside to see it was a very nice large single-stall bathroom. After the cleaning lady pulled her cart away, I found a chair about ten feet away from the bathroom and waited. I waited for about five-minutes. I was about to give up when coming down the stairs was Stephanie. Again, I was infixed on her beautiful breast. This time, I stared at her now very perky nipples as her sexy legs walked right past me. Oh' she smelled good. She did not even acknowledge me though. Instead, she walked into the bathroom and peeked her head back out the door. She motioned me to come inside. So, I looked around and ducked in and locked the door behind.

Once inside Stephanie said, "Tom (she read my transcript), I am a virgin. I have always wanted to lose my virginity to a stranger. I saw you looking at me and thought you are the one." She looked at me for a second and asked what she was supposed to do. Now, playing it cool since all I really wanted to do was to rip off her clothes and stick little me inside of her, I said I just wanted to look at her incredible body for a little bit, then to just follow and do what comes natural. I took a step back and just looked over her body again. How could breast be so captivating? Her nipples were showing through so much that it was as if she was not even wearing a shirt. I wanted in her pants. All I was thinking was how much I wanted to cup her cheeks and pull her vagina hard onto me. I waited a second though, and came up behind her. I slowly lifted her hair and begin kissing her neck, and that is when I started to rub her beautiful breast on the outside of her shirt. Her eyes closed with passionate joy. She let out the sex sigh and reached her hands around for me. Slowly I worked my hands up her shirt and touched her naked breast. She stood up straight. I could tell she was turned on. My slow soft caress continued as I moved my right hand down to her pants. I slowly worked her clit from outside her pants. She begins to pant and thrust her body at me. I was starting to get pretty hard and so I quickly undid my button to ease the tension in my pants. As soon as I did this she slammed her backside into me. When she did this I stuck my hand down her black stretch pants. I could not believe that my hand was passing the threshold that I was lusting after just minutes before.

As my hand went past the polyester pant line, I quickly found the elastic to her panties. Lifting up ever so gently I found my hand sliding right past her pubic hair and down into the wonderfully wet slit. I worked her clit again and made her begin to go crazy. I slowly moved my hand inside of her and she collapsed against my already large bulge. It was incredible to have this much excitement.

Knowing we were both on a quick time limit, I moved my hand out of her pants and we began to undress each other. She was facing the mirror. I slowly pulled off her sweater to reveal her perfect breast. Her nipples were flying high as a reflection of the hand jive I started on her. She then took off my shirt and she turned around and placed her sexy body against mine.

Knowing full well that I wanted to get inside of her, I wasted no time to turn her around again and I begin taking off her black stretch pants and panties. As I was pulling them both down, it revealed her sensual brown hair. Her backside was the epitome of feminine. She then turned around and did the same to me. We looked at each other for a brief moment, then pulled close.

As we pulled close, her breasts were pressed so softly against my torso. I felt my manliness begin to go between her legs and she was dripping. She begin to rock, and knowing my limitations I pulled back and picked her up and set her on the sink. I looked at her body and began to kiss this piece of art from head to toe. I went from big toe to her knee, to her thigh, to her spot of great passion, past her navel, to her lips. The entire time her body was arched in an erotic pose.

Finally, she pulled me close. Like two strangers we began to make love. She let out a small gasp as I penetrated. The she rocked on me, fast then slow, then fast. As we got into the rhythmic motion I could feel her breast bounce against my torso. When I entered her, her cosmic juices greeted me and her muscles begin to flex. The feeling was sheer ecstasy. Our rhythm sped up and realizing we were both beginning to come, I picked her up as I stayed inside and moved her to the wall where we pounded together over and over for five minutes. As her climax began she grabbed onto my butt and pulled until she let out an erotic shriek. When she came her muscles pulled so tight, I wanted to burst. Since we were not using protection though, I pulled out and sprayed her vagina from the outer limits. She convulsed even more and took her hand and put my penis back inside and began to ride even more. She rode hard for a short while and we both began to come again. This time though, between her short breath noises she said to stay in her. I could feel her entire body engulf my penis and as she came she grabbed onto me and pulled. As she came I begin to feel the burst again and remembering what she said I came inside. She was covered inside and out with cum. After the second come, I stayed inside and she did not let go. She left my penis inside until it was completely limp. We laid there for a little bit. I sucked on her nipples and fondled her breast for a couple of minutes. Then, we both got up and reversed the dressing process.

I started out by putting on her panties, then pants. She followed suit with my clothes. When she was fully clothed I looked at her body and was amazed I had just had sex with her, the most incredible looking women I have ever seen. We then hugged, I grabbed a little more, and then she told me to tell no one. But, she did say to come back anytime I had questions. She looked out the door, told me the coast was clear, so I sneaked out. This was about a month ago. Since then I have seen Stephanie and just lust after her still. I can not wait until I have another scheduling question. Since she works in the registrars' office, I have decided to pursue graduate school and plan to make a lot of visits to her office. Maybe someday I will learn her last name, but right now I am happy knowing her as Stephanie, my crazy-day-sex-friend.