 Everybody says college is supposed to be the best time of your life, especially when it comes to sex. For me the sex aspect of life had been hot and cold. I lost my virginity to a female friend (she had a steady boyfriend) inside my first month as a freshman, and then three days after her I nailed a college co-ed the first night I met her. However, after these trysts that went on for about four months, my sex life grinded to a halt. By the end of my freshman year I was very hard up, and I don’t even want to talk about being a sophomore. Thankfully, when my junior year arrived, I went from pseudo-celibate to super stud in a matter of weeks.

During my awful (sexless) sophomore year I met a girl who would change my life. Liz was 5’6” 120 pounds with long curly red hair, a great smile and a voice that could bring men to their knees. She was playful and sexy. I would have to say she resembled Kate Hudson. She and I met in the dorms and I was instantly in the mood to marry this woman. Unfortunately, she wasn’t the marrying type, and she was dating a buddy of mine from the Music Department, so she and I were “just friends”. 

During my junior year, I got an off-campus apartment with my buddy Rich, and Liz got one with her pal Helen. I’d met Helen the previous year. She was a little bigger than Liz, but she had great curves, cute feet, and a very serious rack. She had short brown hair and a smartass mouth. Helen and I had exchanged back rubs a few times, but nothing developed. I was too obsessed with Liz to think about bedding her good buddy. 

Then one Friday night (about a month into the semester) I called Liz and Helen’s place to see what the girls were up too. Helen picked up the phone.

“Hello,” she said in her friendliest voice.

“Hi, Helen, it’s Hunter. Is Liz there?”

“No, Hunt, she went home for the weekend.”

“Oh,” I replied. I really wanted to see her that night. “What are you up Helen?”

“I’ve got a pizza and a couple of movies, interested?” she asked.

This set off a couple of bells and whistles in my head. Helen and I had hung out together several times. However, it was always with Liz. Helen and I knew each other through her; we were mutual acquaintances but not friends. I thought it over for about two seconds and figured, yeah I’m bored and I like pizza.

“Sure thing Helen,” I said, “I’ll be over in a few.”

“See you then,” she said.

I hung up the phone and looked around. Wheels were turning in my head. I felt funny. It was as if I knew something important was going to happen, but I didn’t know what. I knew I found Helen attractive (big rack), but I knew anything with her would make the odds of me and Liz getting together less than zero. I got my jacket and looked at my self in the mirror. “I am not going to have sex tonight,” I assured my reflection. Of course, I was lying to myself.

I got to the Liz/Helen apartment around 6:30 and we proceeded to devour a pizza. Helen and I, both real smart-asses exchanged semi-witty comments and jokes. Then Helen got up and said she needed a shower. She went to her room and came out in a towel, going in front of me to the bathroom. Now, while my heart was with Liz, my loins certainly took notice of Helen in a towel. Yes, she could have stood to lose a few pounds, but she did have very nice legs and pair of knockers that defied gravity in spite of their incredible mass. The wheels in my head (both heads) continued turning.

After the shower, Helen got dressed in shorts and a T-Shirt and we started the movies. During the first movie Helen was with me on the couch putting lotion on her skin. Seeing her rubbing that stuff on her soft supple arms and legs really got my attention and certainly drew me away from any half-ass plot points in the movie. Facing away from me she even reached up the front of her shirt and started rubbing the stuff on her stomach and breasts. I, not wanting her skin to dry out, I volunteered to do her back. She accepted and, putting my hands up the back of her shirt, I started rubbing the lotion onto her back. I started in the center and worked my way up to her shoulders, and then down to the small of her back. Having strong hands (the product of weightlifting and masturbation) I was really putting a lot of pressure on her, which was evident in the way her breathing got deeper and heavier. It was a weird experience for me. I’d given her plenty of back rubs, but those had always been through clothing. This was much more intimate. 

A short while later a girl named Kathy, a mutual friend of Liz and Helen, showed up and started watching the movies with us. Kathy sat on the Lazy-Boy and Helen and I stayed on the couch. At this point, I was leaning back with my back on the left arm of the couch and Helen was leaning on me. We exchanged smart-ass comments about the movies and she would tickle me. I was far too naïve at this point in my life to recognize this as flirting. As the night wore on Kathy got tired and Helen told her to crash in Liz’s room. Helen and I continued to watch movies and cuddle on the couch.

There had been a little bit of drinking going on. Plus, there was the tickling and flirting. We ended up switching positions several times. After a while I ended up lying on top of Helen using here ripe breasts as pillows. After a long “pregnant” pause I, acting on pure impulse, moved up her body and gave her a light kiss on the lips. She reciprocated. We started kissing and rubbing each other. Her hands roamed by back and buttocks, while mine were drawn to her large mams. My tongue entered her mouth and we started French kissing while hungrily groping each other. I slid her t-shirt up over tits and was greeted by two of the biggest firmest nipples I had ever seen anywhere. I began sucking on them and stroking here crotch through here jean shorts. She moaned and thrashed underneath me as I continued going to town on her boobs. I unsnapped her shorts and started stroking her pussy. She was wet, and I knew it wasn’t from the shower. I put two fingers in her and started to massage her clit using my thumb. She began whimpering and moaning. Her body started to shake and her hips grinded on my hand. Finally her body stiffened and she cried out as she came, her juices coating my fingers. We kissed again and she just started saying, “Thank you…. thank you…. oh thank you!”

We cuddled on the couch for a bit kissing and holding each other. She started to rub my crotch and was I’m sure delighted to find a very stiff and sufficiently large member. Worried about Kathy coming out to get a snack or something, we decided to move to Helen’s bedroom. We laid down on her double bed and continued kissing and fondling each other. 

Slowly we began to remove each others’ clothing. I pulled off her shirt and practically tore off her shorts. Once again I started liking, sucking, and biting her great tits. For my efforts I was rewarded with her gasps and moans. As a further show of appreciation, she unbuttoned my jeans and stuck her hand down my pants. Helen knew how to work a cock. She started rubbing it up and down while lingering on the head and playing with my pre-cum. Wishing to reciprocate I slid my left hand down her belly into her panties and started rubbing her clit in slow circular motions. Unlike before I kept my rubbing in check, this girl had cum once already, but I wanted her to earn the next one. We continued to kiss, stroke and tease each other toward orgasm. 

After the initial thrill that comes from the first time you’re with someone, I started to get a little nervous. Helen and I where now getting close to place we couldn’t come back from. We were each in a state of partial nudity and it looked like we were not going to stop anytime soon. As horny as I was, I started to think about the ramifications if I went all the way with her. What would it do to Liz and I? Would Helen want a relationship, or was this just a casual thing? My biggest advantage/curse was that, unlike most men, I can think with both my brain and my penis at the same time. Yeah, I wanted to get laid, but I also kept my eye on the bigger picture. 

As time passed we both ended up completely naked. Helen must have shared some of my trepidation, because after a while our pace slowed and we ended up just kissing and cuddling. We were both horny, but tentative about what we were doing. After a while she started kissing me more and more passionately. Her hand found my cock and she began jerking me off. She was clamped onto it. Then she swiftly moved down and took it in her mouth. She started to hump me with her face. Her tongue ran the length of my shaft and ticked me where my cock and balls meet. She kept sucking and sucking as she played with my balls. I didn’t know what to, but I knew I was going to blow a load down her throat if she kept this up. Finally she stopped sucking (but kept on stroking me) and said:

“Hunter, I want you inside me.”

After receiving such high quality head (the first time I ever got deep throated) I was too horny to be worrying about “the big picture”. I shook my head up and down and gasped, “OK”. 

I rolled over on top of her and started kissing her again. We began dry humping. My long hard cock bobbing up and down just outside of her moist opening. I reached down between our legs and slowly guided myself into her. She was soft, warm and tight. I’d gotten her so horny over the past hour that she was wet enough for a dozen dicks. She wrapped her legs around me as I began driving myself into her over and over again. It was as if I was trying to get more of myself in her with each stroke. I began to feel that I was going to cum, so I slowed down my strokes and we began humping each other slowly. We kissed passionately and sweetly, her little tongue dancing around my cavernous mouth. 

As our humping had slowed its intensity had increased. We would slam our bodies together, each motion more powerful than the last. Helen’s breathing also intensified. Our heads together, I could hear her breathing into my ear. She began to make low guttural noises. Sensing that she was near her climax, I pulled her legs up from the small of my back into my shoulders. Her eyes closed as I plunged myself deeply into her and began fucking her for all she was worth. Her breathing quickened even more and her eyes closed as her face tightened. She began babbling as sorts of incoherent nonsense like, “Oh yes! Don’t stop! Oh god oh god oh god!” 

Knowing she was almost there and just needed a little push over the edge, I took her right tit in my mouth and bit down hard on her nipple. Her eyes burst open and her jaw dropped. She stiffened for a moment, all of her muscles tight as a drum. She began to shake and cry out in ecstasy. I felt every twitch of her body through my cock that was still buried in her pussy. Finally, after all of her shaking, twitching and screaming, she went limp. Her legs fell to her sides and she lay beneath me completely still.

We lay there together for a while. I was still on top of her and inside of her. She was spent for the moment. She was as limp as a wet noodle; completely still save for the panting from our shared passion. While I was still as stiff as a board I also wanted a little break. All of that pounding into her had taken it out of me and I needed to catch my breath. So there I was, lying on her and in her. 

After a while I felt her flexing around me. She was squeezing my cock with the walls of her cunt. We began kissing again and she stoked her hands all over my back and down to my ass. “Cum for me,” she said. “Oh Hunter please come for me.” We began slowly humping each other, each motion done with great care. We began speeding up and she wrapped her legs around my back as she timed her upward thrusts with my downward ones. “Cum for me,” she continued to moan. 

I felt my balls begin to stir. I knew I was close, but I wanted to keep going. Her pussy was so tight and wet. I never wanted to leave it. Finally, I resigned myself to the fact that I was going to cum sooner or later. I lifted her legs up higher and began slamming myself into her. “Oh yeah,” she screamed. “Do it!” She could tell I was close from the short rapid breaths and the tightness in my body. “Cum on my tits,” she cooed. I never knew Helen could be such a dirty girl, but I wasn’t in a position to argue. I gave her a few more swift poundings, and pulled out. She quickly pushed her breasts together to receive my man-goo.

It felt like I was pushing wet cement through my dick, it was that powerful. Stream after stream of my jizz poured out of me and onto her. When it was over I collapsed next her. Helen played with the stuff on her tits. She rubbed a few dollops up with her finger and stuck it in her mouth. “Hmm, good shit,” she said. She went off to the bathroom to clean up. As she left my fears returned to me. Yes, I had just had great sex, but it was with the roommate of the girl I really wanted. What was I going to do? Would Helen want a commitment, or were we just fuck-buddies? Ether way, what would Liz think? Before I could have a full panic attack, my fatigue from the fucking, and the hour (it was 3 AM) got the better of me. Helen came back to bed and we lay naked in each other’s arms. 

The following morning we woke up and stayed in bed for a while. After a bit it became apparent that I was not the only one uncertain of what was next. Helen knew how I felt about Liz and how much I wanted her. So we lay there and talked about it.

“What now,” I asked

“I don’t know,” she replied. “What do you want to do?”

“Hell if I know. It was a good time though”

“I have never cum like that before,” she said.

“Me either,” was my reply. “That was fun.”

We kept on talking and resolved nothing except for agreeing that we both knew what we were doing it bed. Anything worth doing is worth doing right. About an hour after that, Helen’s bedroom door opened and Kathy (the girl who had spent the night in Liz’s room) came in briefly. She said, “Helen I’ve got to tell you…” She saw Helen and I together, barely covered by the sheets and it shut her up. “OK,” said Kathy, “I guess I’ll see you later.” She turned and closed the door as she left.

“Great,” I muttered to Helen. “Now we have to kill Kathy.”

Helen laughed and it completely lightened the mood. We stayed in bed a little bit longer and then got up and got dressed. Helen made us coffee and toast. Kathy was gone, apparently we’d embarrassed her or she’d perceived our homicidal intentions. I left in the early afternoon and went back to my apartment. I had no idea how this situation would play with Liz or if Helen and I would have a repeat. Fortunately, everything turned out not just well, but very well. If you read the next chapter, you’ll find out how.