 My name is Brian Keifsin. I’m a freshman at *_________* State University. I’m not all that lucky with the ladies, as some would say. I guess it stems from my high school days. Back then; I was a nerd; a geek. It was the worse time of my life. That was why I had my sister help me get out of my shell after I graduated. 

She put me though hell. She made me read things I never thought of reading before, and discussing it with her. She ended up keeping me so tied up, between her and work, that I was only able to get about 5 hours of sleep a night, if I was lucky. She taught me how to think about my looks. To see how I looked affected how people saw me. She got me to evaluate my attitude around women, and my attitude of life in general. That summer I was able to completely change myself for the better. I went to college a different person because of her help. I was more confident, and better looking.

But knowing how to act around women and actually acting that way are two completely different situations. I was still a bit of a blunder talking to girls. They flustered me to no end. That was the reason I rushed Chi Theta Gamma. I was hoping to continue my change for the better with XTG. They were known as the ultimate fraternity around campus at the time. The stories of their parties were legendary. And that was what I wanted to be a part of.

The rush process was grueling, both mentally and physically. But it was necessary. At least, that’s what they said to us. With the rush process being so grueling, pledges were sure to drop and leave, thus the frat would be left with the best of the best. 

Truthfully, after the summer with my sister, this was a cakewalk. With classes and the meetings and homework, I was left with only 4 hours a night to sleep. With having to work over the summer to afford school, then working out with my sister, and then doing all of the “homework” she gave me, I was already getting used to 5 hours of sleep, so one hour less wasn’t so bad.

Within the frat everyone had a nickname, mine was ‘Stein’, short for Einstein. I guess the guys were impressed with my ability to keep up a 4.0 while rushing, again thanks to my sister.

One of the perks of being in any frat at our school was that all of the frats where associated with one of the sororities. We were associated with Alpha Kappa Gamma. They were known around campus as being the “best-looking” Sorority on campus. Throughout the semester, we had many outings with them. That is where I first met Amy, but I later found out that she was in my freshman biology lecture hall. Somehow, to me, she really didn’t fit in with AKG. It wasn’t that she was ugly. I couldn’t even say that she was plain looking. In truth she was drop dead gorgeous. But she acted in a way that she didn’t realize it.

She was always hanging around Kristen. Kristen was a pretty popular girl in AKG, some said the best looking, and it looked like she was Amy’s “Big”. I think it was so that some of Kristen would rub off on Amy. She seemed not to have much self-confidence. Most people’s first impression of her was that she was mousy and overly shy. But to me she was perfect. 

She always had her hair in a ponytail, and she always wore the same type of clothing every time I saw her. It was always a skirt, a t-shirt and a sweater, with a pair of stylish shoes to match (you learn to look at those things after a summer of training with your sister). She never wore anything revealing. She never wore any makeup that I could see. Something about her didn’t make me nervous as other girls.

I decided to talk to her one day after class. I had to catch up with her, seeing that she always sat at the back to the auditorium.

“Hey, you’re Amy, right?”

“Um…yeah.” This kind of struck me as odd seeing that she just took a quick look at me and then continued walking, looking down at her feet the whole time.

“Yeah…um, well, I’m Brian.”

“I know.” She still looked at the sidewalk, walking to places unknown to me. “You’re rushing XTG.”

“Yeah! Hey I was wondering if you’d like to get together sometime, get some coffee, maybe get some studying in for Bio?” That got her to stop in her tracks.

She turned to look at me. That did it to me. Her eyes were this majestic shade of Blue-Green that I have never seen before. I was instantly lost in them. This girl was going to be mine, if it took me the rest of my college career. 

What she said next hurt.

“I…I…I can’t. I’m barely able to make it through classes and all of the AKG stuff as it is. I’m sorry.” She turned and walked away…fast. If I didn’t know better I would say she was running away. I didn’t know what to do. I just decided to be “casually persistent”, as my sister would call it.

Making her know that you’re around. Making her know you’re available, but not asking her out. In a sense becoming a friend, but not going into the “friend zone”. I decided to talk to her after class every once in a while, just to see how things were going and to make sure she knew I was still alive. She didn’t really open up much just answering my questions. I felt like I was talking to a wall, and every time she would say that she was late for her next “appointment” and would run off.

***

After a few months of our “talks” it was the end of the semester, and there was to be a formal dance between XTG and AKG, to celebrate the end of rush, and finals, the following week. I was hoping to be able to ask Amy to the dance, but this thought was soon crushed when the rushes were told that since we didn’t have much time to get to know the girls of AKG, our dates would be set up for us. This was a bit of a shock to us; we were essentially going to be on blind dates, on what was the last big bash before becoming members of the frat.

Thus I resigned myself to my fate. Not that my fate would be all that bad, It was going to be an AKG girl no matter what, and it might have even been Amy, if I was lucky. Luck obviously wasn’t with me that week, when I found out that I was paired up with Kristen. Not that I was complaining. I knew plenty of guys from my classes that would cut off their nuts for the chance that I was given. Kristen had to be the most stylish of AKG. I had never seen her have a bad day.

She had brown hair with highlights, making it look a dirty blonde. She had a body to die for. Some of the guys had a betting pool to go to the first man to “get to know her”, biblically that is, and be able to prove it. There was even a website (if you knew where to look). It amused me that no one had stepped up to claim the prize, yet. I doubt that she had been able to go two years of college, especially a member of AKG and not have had sex.

I did my general duty as a date and rented a tuxedo and bought her a corsage. I got the most generic color for both, going with a silver colored vest and a white corsage so I wouldn’t clash with whatever she was wearing.



***

Finally the fateful night came, and the guys of XTG went and picked up the girls of AKG. I knew a lot was riding on me that night. I figured that somehow, this was a make it/break it night for me. I still wasn’t an official brother of XTG yet, so tonight was most likely going to be my last chance to make the bothers see that I was XTG material, seeing that our last outing before finding out if we made it was tomorrow night.

When we got to the AKG house, we were all asked to the living room to wait for the girls. Most of them were prompt to come down and meet up with their dates for the night. I was one of the unlucky ones (again) to have to wait for their dates. There were four of us waiting, not surprisingly the last two remaining rushes (other then me) where there, as well as Dave (who I believed was our watcher for this part of the night), one of the brothers. The girls finally came down.

I was awestruck. Kristen was the first down. She was elegant, in a silver and white strapless that hugged her in all of the right places. I guess I chose my vest and her corsage correctly, not only did I not clash, I matched her perfectly. She was amazing. She looked strait at me when she saw me and smiled. A small shiver ran through my spine. I knew I was going to have a good night even without Amy, and then it happened. 

Amy was the last girl down. She was a vision in a green saffron gown that made her eyes sparkle even from the staircase across the hall as she walked down. I had never seen her in anything even remotely close to this. Her dress had a slit in the side up to her mid thigh, and a plunging back, showing that she wasn’t wearing a brassiere. She was both elegant and sexy, nothing like the shy mousy girl from class. Her hair was down for once, blonde and flowing. She walked with a sure step to herself.

It looked like she was Dave’s date for the evening. I was instantly a mix of emotions: lust, hatred, love, and jealousy. It all went through my head. I felt that Amy deserved better. Don’t get me wrong, I didn’t hate Dave, it was just the fact that he had gotten a bit of a reputation in the frat for being a bit of a womanizer. He went on countless dates with girls from around campus. It was even rumored that he even had a girlfriend in AKG while being on dates and countless dates. And the fact that he was well endowed apparently didn’t upset the girls. He was rumored to be about 8 inches long, which at the time was the longest in the house. I wasn’t one to brag, but I was sure that my actual 8 ½ was sure to beat his fabled 8. 

I guess Kristen noticed me staring at Amy, because she coughed to gain my attention away from her. I knew I was going to have to be careful the rest of the night, and keep myself in check. The eight of us went through the usual ritual of pinning on the corsage and taking pictures and then finally left for the dance. 

I was going to have to make it through the night so I pushed my emotions aside and promised myself to give Kristen a night she wouldn’t soon forget. We started talking and quickly found common things to talk about. We were both business majors and had both come from the same area, albeit from rival schools, it was nice being able to chitchat about old times with someone. 

I made up for my earlier lapse by being the perfect date. I opened doors, got her food and drinks when she asked, dance when she suggested, even letting some of the other guys cut in. I was the perfect date in every way but one; I kept glancing at Amy. 

Finally the night came to an end and Kristen asked me to accompany her home, saying she had had too much to drink (the wonders of a private club and an open bar). 

Determined to be the gentleman, I walked her back to the house, where she asked me to help her get to her room (she wasn’t sure she could get up the stairs). When we got up the stairs she started hanging on to me more and more. I came close to picking her up in my arms and carrying her to her room. But we were able to make it there without incident. Somehow I tripped on something upon walking in the doorway, and heard the door close behind us. I quickly sat up and saw Kristen leaning against the closed door with a smile on her face and a gleam in her eyes. It was obvious now that she had faked her inability to get to the house and up the stairs.

“So…Stein is it?”

“Yeah,” I knew I was in for more then I bargained for.

“Do you have any idea why you are here right now?”

“My guess is that this is all part of rush, sort of a last test. Seeing that AKG and XTG are so close, it was only a matter of time before we were helping each other out with rush.”

“Oh, you are smart. Well you’re right. You three rushes of XTG where supposed to get one of us AKG’s as a date. We were supposed to be all needy and ask you guys to do stuff for us. We were to determine if you guys were worthy of a reward or deserved a punishment for tonight.” She slowly straitened up with her arms behind her back.

“So where do I stand?” I said, getting to my knees.

“Well, from what I saw tonight, you didn’t even bat an eyelash at any request I made, you just jumped to it like it was your job.”

“You can thank my older sister for that”

“Yes well, I think it’s about time for your reward.”

“Which is” I started to stand up.

“ME!” With this last word she reached up behind her and unzipped her dress, letting it fall to the floor. I was dumbfounded. Time seemed to slow as I watched the dress drop and reveal Kristen’s amazing body to my view. Even better was the lingerie that she wore. She had a silver and white corset, matching her now discarded dress, tight around her. It was almost too small to contain her breasts, which were overflowing; threatening to escape. They were pressed up and the tops of her areolas where showing, slightly, over the top of the decorative silver lace. The corset ended in the middle of her flat stomach. The tops of her hips where helping to hold up a pair of similar garter belts. Under her garter belts, she had on a tanga that laced-up on the sides. Her belly button was pieced with a decorative barbell with Playboy bunnies on each end. I was instantly hard. Any thoughts that were going through my head instantly vanished. Kristen took a slow step out of the rumple that was her dress around her feet. Her second step brought her within arms reach of me. She slowly reached out and took a hold of my tie.

“I…um…don’t think this is such a good idea.”

She looked at me quizzically. Her grip slightly loosened from my tie, but it was still within her grasp. “Excuse me?”

“Look, it’s not you. You are more then I expected from tonight. It’s just that there’s this other girl that I like. Amy.”

“You mean Amy, from earlier. I’m sorry to tell you this, Stein, but she’s kind of has her own thing for someone else.” This statement pulled my 

“Dave?”

She laughed at my instant assumption from earlier! “NO! Not that asshole. Dave is just her date for the night. Just like I’m your date for the night. Besides Dave is my ‘boyfriend.’”

“OK…If Dave is your boyfriend then why are you offering yourself to me like this?”

She slowly pulled me over to her bed, and sat me down. “It’s all part of your initiation; to see if you have the ‘right stuff’ to be in XTG. Basically I’m, the last one who gets to decide whether or not you get into XTG. You see, both XTG and AKG have a grueling initiation. Out of the twenty or thirty guys and girls who rush either group, the most that have ever made it all of the way through are 4 girls and 3 guys in one semester. It’s like that because the guys of XTG and the girls of AKG belong to each other.”

“Belong to each other?”

“It started as a way to ‘release tension’ for both houses, and it ended up into a sort of secret arrangement. I mean; plenty of XTG’s and AKG’s have left college married because of it. It’s for the mutual benefit of both parties involved.”

“And you are just going to sleep with me as my initiation? I guess Dave is with Amy right now?”

“Well…Yes…and Yes.” My heart sunk as she said this, and she noticed. “Look The thing with Dave is just a temporary thing. Just tonight. Like I said, she has this thing for another guy in the frat. Some guy named Brian. He’s in your pledge class.” I couldn’t help myself as she said this. I started chuckling and then laughing as I realized what she was saying to me. “What’s so funny?”

I immediately took out my wallet. I pulled out my license, and gave it too her. “My real name is Brian…I’m the only one in the pledge class named Brian.”

“Oh my god. I can’t believe I just told you that. She confided that in me. And I just told the guy she likes about it.” She started laughing with me. “Look, I’m Amy’s Big. I’m her ‘mentor’ in AKG. I’m the one teaching her everything she needs to know. We confide in each other, in a way that we can’t with anybody else in the sorority. I’m supposed to be helping her.”

“So why couldn’t she even hang out with me, was she really that busy?”

“Well…in a way, yes. She had her own initiation to go through, and it is every bit as tough as yours was.

“Look, if you are really interested in her, then after rush, I will do everything in my power to help you out, but as of right now, we have something to get down to.” With that she slowly moved in towards me, her eyes looking strait into mine.

“Um…are you sure that we have to do this? I mean, I just told you how I feel about Amy.”

“Yeah, and right now, Amy is passing her initiation, after tonight she will be that much closer to being an AKG. So unless you are a member of XTG, she is going to be off-limits to you. And right now the only way into XTG is through me!” With that said, her lips touched mine. They were soft and full. I didn’t know how to react to this. She was leaning against me, pushing me down on the bed, still dressed in the sexiest lingerie that I had ever seen. Before long, I stopped thinking with my head, as my blood continued to rush to my dick.

I gave up all pretence of resistance and started kissing back. My hands roamed her back feeling the lace corset. 

My right hand started to travel up her back to her neck and head, while my left started to trail down her back and finally landed at the top of her ass, stopping at her garter belt. Kristen was in no way unoccupied here; she was slowly removing my clothing, first my jacket, then slowly unbuttoning my shirt. It was a slow way of teasing me, for her.

As my hand got to her neck, I grabbed it to steady her and gain some control. I started kissing from her luscious mouth to her ear. When I got there I slowly licked around her lobe. Her breathing became rapid and shallow. She also started a low mewing.

“Um, yes…” by now she had my shirt unbuttoned and started on my pants. “Let’s see what it is that Amy’s been wanting.” Her hand dipped into my pants and started rubbing me through my boxers. “Hmm…it looks like I might have found Dave’s match.” That was the last straw. I was no longer worried about Amy. My purpose had now changed. I was going to make sure that Kristen knew that I was not Dave’s match, but his superior.

I was no longer the hopeless guy I had always been. I quickly rolled over onto Kristen. This brought a surprised yelp on her part. I quickly took of my jacket and shirt and threw them to the floor. I was in a frenzy to feel every part of her. She was quick to help me shed my clothes, as I took off my pants. I was now left in my boxers, tented out to extreme proportion due to my excitement.

I soon resumed kissing her. Our tongues started to dance with each other. Our hands quickly began mapping each other. My hand slowly moved from her flat stomach, to her breast, staying away from the bump that was clearly her nipple.

“Ungh…”

At this point, I started easing my way down her body. I stayed a while on her collarbone. Finally I slowly eased down to her breasts, kissing the tops of them, still encased in her corset. Slowly I eased my hands up and cupped her breast. Grasping the top of her corset, I slowly eased the cups down, getting my next surprise for the night. Both of her nipples were pierced. On the piercings where small tags, almost like dog tags. I didn’t know what to think at first, as I slowly lifted the tag on her left breast and saw XTG etched on them. I quickly look up at Kristen’s face.

“Like I said, the girls of AKG belong to XTG.” She said with a smile on her face. I looked at the other tag and saw DLT on them. As I looked quizzically back she explain that they were Dave’s initials. I figured that I should get back to work, or should I say play. I lowered my face to her breasts again still staying away from her nipples. I let one of my hands drift to her stomach and started on the next stage of my plan. I started teasing her by softly rubbing all over her stomach and thighs, even going between her thighs, but staying away from her pussy. I wanted her to beg for me to pleasure her to finish her off.
