 This story continues where "College Education" left off. For those who enjoyed Ben's first lesson, you should appreciate his expanded curriculum as well. For those who have not read "College Education," you will find it introduces Ben's wonderful innocence (perhaps unbelievable to some of you, but true) and some of Diane's promiscuous nature. Be advised, however, that this writer generally prefers erotica to porn … feelings and emotions are paramount. If you're looking for straight, in-your-face sex, you may wish to look elsewhere. If you decide to read on, I hope you enjoy one of the greatest lessons of my life.

I concluded my first intercourse with the thought that it doesn't get any better than this. But I was wrong. 

Silly. My hand was indeed in her hand as we walked to my dorm for a change of clothes to go out. The clasped hands were even swinging a little as we glanced at each other and grinned from time to time. I didn't know what to say, and Diane simply enjoyed my giddiness. For me, it was a wonderful dream-come-true, better than anything I had ever imagined, and I had imagined quite a bit.

As we turned the corner into the Quad, I became a little more sober. I was aware of the scrutiny we would undergo from the eyes of many cadets. "PDA" I heard Diane whisper in my ear. 

"PDA?" I looked at her as my hand stiffened a little to arrest the swinging of our clasped hands.

"Public display of affection," she giggled. "It's against the rules, for you." She held my hand loosely, but she didn't let go, leaving the decision to me. She seemed to enjoy the forbidden.

In defiance of such a rule, I clasped her hand a little firmer, but I didn't swing it as we continued our original pace. The sky was almost dark, but the Quad was well lit. As we entered the main thoroughfare, I felt a surge of daring and gave Diane a delayed response. "PDA … you mean like this …" I swung around and embraced Diane while planting a kiss on her lips. My right hand remained clasped in hers; my left hand enjoyed a light caress of the curve above her hip.

"Hmm, yes," Diane answered with a look of delighted surprise as we broke the kiss. "I believe that is definitely PDA."

There wasn't much activity on the Quad, but we were immediately approached by an upperclassman. "Fish," he called out to me. 

I came to attention, whipped out my hand from Diane's clasp into the expected position to greet an upperclassman, and declared according to proper fish etiquette, "Howdy, Fish Smith is my name, Sir."

"Drop it," the upperclassman ordered as he glanced at Diane and then turned back to me. "Do you know you're not supposed to engage in a public display of affection with your girl while in uniform or on the Quad?"

"Uh, no Sir," I lied partially. I didn't know the rule, exactly, or it's specific guidelines. "What's considered a 'public display of affection?'"

"Kissing certainly is," he shot back. "I recommend no touching whatsoever."

"Yes Sir," I responded.

"Now, take off," he ordered.

As I turned toward Diane, I thought the upperclassman was rude for not having addressed her at all. He should at least have apologized to her for the intrusion. But Diane was smiling so broadly, it was obvious she enjoyed the banter. "Don't worry," she grinned. "You'll be an upperclassman soon enough. Besides, he probably never gets any." She laughed lightly, and I couldn't help but grin as well.

The Quad had twelve four-story dormitories and a cafeteria dedicated to the corps. The band dormitory was next to the practice building at the far end of the Quad from the main campus. As we walked the length of the Quad, our previously clasped hands kept bumping one another and rubbing against each other. Even this simple touch was tantalizing, perhaps partly because it was forbidden. 

It was Friday evening, and almost everyone was out and about somewhere, but there were a few guys talking in the hallway that noticed me take Diane into my room. I didn't know where my roommate was, but the room was empty and I figured he was out for a while. 

Diane started to undress me and I wondered if we might do more than change my clothes as I felt the familiar stirring within my groin. "Hold on a moment," I suggested. I went to my closet and retrieved my uniform tie. I opened the door, and proceeded to tie a "fish knot" and pull it tight around the doorknob.

"What's that for?" Diane enquired. 

"This will ensure our privacy," I answered. 

I shut the door, with the tie proudly hanging from the knob in the hallway, and returned to Diane for my undressing. As she unbuttoned my buttons, I started to unbutton hers as well. 

"What are you doing?" she grinned. "You're the one changing clothes, not me."

"I thought I would have a little fun while you dress me," and I ran a hand within the unbuttoned blouse and cupped a breast through her bra.

"If you do that, we might not go out at all," she noted. 

"Hmm. Would that be okay?" I popped the front clasp on her bra, like an old pro now. 

We silently undressed one another. As she was unzipping my pants, someone walked past my room and let out a "whooop." Another whoop and holler followed shortly thereafter by another passerby. For those of you who have considered the consequences of a "fish knot" on the doorknob, you are correct. As I pulled Diane's pink panties down over her thighs, the door burst open with a loud, "HOWDY!" It was quickly shut again, as I kneeled before Diane agitated by the interruption. Diane rummaged her fingers in my short hair and drew my attention back to her. I slid the panties completely off and ran my hands up and down her smooth legs with my face inches from her enclosed jewel.

There was a soft knock on the door. "Fish Smith," someone called, with apology evidenced in his voice. "May we see you for a moment, please."

I looked at Diane who shrugged, causing her exposed breasts to jiggle in front of me. "Be right there," I answered. I got up, grabbed a robe from my closet, and headed into the hallway. There were several guys talking half way down the hall, and one of them called me over.

"Fish Smith. You have a fish knot tied to your door," the junior officer announced the obvious.

"Yes Sir," I replied, not yet getting it.

"Why?" he asked me with total sincerity. 

"Because I have a girl with me, and we don't want to be disturbed." The other guys cracked up. Please understand; I wasn't dumb. At the end of this same semester, I was awarded a "distinguished student" award for my academic achievements. But, as my wife tells me everyday, I seem to lack a certain common sense. This is just one example. Add to that a dose of inexperience and gullibility, and you have the equivalent of stupidity at some of the most awkward moments.

So the junior officer continued, "But why don't you have your door locked?"

Still logically reasoning, I answered, "Because I knew the fish knot would tell everyone not to intrude." This elicited a roar of laughter from the group around me. "At least, I thought it would," I added lamely.

The junior officer broke into a smile for a moment and then recomposed himself. "Fish Smith. The fish knot is a joke." He looked to me for understanding. As I began to get it, he added, "Go take the knot off the door, and lock it."

"Yes Sir," I answered to another chorus of laughter.

As I walked back to my room and untied the knot, anger began to well up inside. Why can't people just say what they mean? The truth is, I was mad at myself for being so gullible and stupid.

"What's wrong?" Diane asked from under the sheets of my top bunk bed. I told her how stupid her 'knight in shining armor' was. She just smiled and said, "Not stupid … just honest and innocent." 

"And gullible!" I exclaimed.

"You're just the way I like you," she soothed my temper and invited me to join her in the bed.

I smiled a brief smile and put the robe away. I had to relinquish my self-appraisal in order to warm up to her praise. Knowing how much I loved to look at her body, and the fact that the door was now locked, she pulled the sheets aside and revealed herself to me. I knew how fortunate I was as my eyes roamed over her body. Her curves were so soft, and I wanted nothing more than to caress her from head to toe.

I climbed into the narrow bed beside her, briefly thinking it would be hell to get made up properly again before the next inspection, and then thought about all Diane had given me. "I'm not only gullible," I said, "I'm selfish."

"What makes you say that?" Diane asked.

"Because all my focus has been on my own pleasure. You have given me everything." I admitted, both to Diane and to myself.

"Then it's time for your next lesson," she spoke sensually. "The greatest pleasure is derived by giving pleasure to your partner. That is why I loved giving to you so much. You were easy to please and you appreciated what I gave. That only fed my own arousal, and served to please myself."

I thought of how I had touched her, breathed in her ear, and nibbled on her breasts. She had moaned and sounded pleased. Was there more? "I … don't know how to please a woman," I confessed a little uneasily.

"For someone who has no experience, you do quite well," she offered. "Now tell me, when you see my breasts, what do you think about?"

I looked at her pert nipples jutting toward me and swaying as I settled on the bed beside her. "I want to feel the soft flesh against my fingers, and enjoy those nipples in my mouth."

"Exactly," she smiled. "Your focus is on your own feelings, what feels good to you. Often that works for both of us, but have you ever thought about what it feels like for me when you touch my soft flesh and run your tongue around my nipples?"

"A little," I thought about it, "out of curiosity, I guess."

"And when you play with my breasts, what happens inside you?" she continued.

"I feel a strong urge in my shaft, and want to plunge inside of you," I giggled as a release to the strong emotion that accompanied that thought.

"And that's how most guys feel," she smiled. "But most women need more time. Therefore, if you are focused on your own needs, you will satisfy yourself before your female partner is ready. But if you focus on satisfying her desires, you will experience a lengthy foreplay that will have both of you climaxing in ecstasy greater than the enjoyment of satisfying only yourself."

I was visibly absorbing every word as she began to talk about her pleasure spots, and various ways of exciting them. She lay me down, and did things to me she liked to have done to her. One of the most interesting was to caress the small of her back just above her buttocks. Lightly rubbing that small indention caused her to moan with delight. It seemed to sensitize her sexual feelings. 

"You already have a wonderfully light touch," she said. "The key is to learn from your partner's reactions what pleases them, and always focus on pleasing your partner above your own desires. In so doing, you reap greater rewards for yourself."

Already my arousal was aching as we talked and I witnessed her reactions to various stimuli. But I had heard enough for now and desired to experiment and experience. So I stopped her talking with an urgent kiss. At first, it melted into a nice soft kiss, but I began to think of what it must feel like to her. I ran my fingers through her hair and rolled my tongue around hers. Trying to feel what she was feeling was turning me on more than ever, and I ran my other fingers along the small of her back. When she moaned into our kiss, I took that as a reward. I wanted to make her feel so aroused, that she would loose control.

I found that nibbling on her neck, with an occasional hot breath in her ear brought tremendous response. She moaned and moved her body as if she was about to pull away because she couldn't take too much. She seemed to like having a little pressure applied to her nipples between my tongue and upper teeth. Lightly pulling the nipples away from her soft mounds made her fingers dig into my back and drove me crazy. Of course, the right attention to her erect gem brought great rewards as she thrashed about beneath me.

As I worked my tongue around her clit, I 'listened' to her body shake beneath my hands as they held onto her hips. I felt her juices flow and smelled the strong aroma of her sex. When she wanted more, her legs spread wider, giving me better access. When it was almost too much for her, her legs came together, pinching my face and restricting my administration. 

I rolled my tongue around the little nub between her swollen lips and felt her body tremble and her legs tighten. Instead of backing off, I grazed the hard nub with my teeth and reached my hands to her breasts, twisting both her nipples between my fingers and pulling slightly. I found my mouth accumulating her abundant juices and had to swallow to make room for a breath. Even that simple movement seemed to enhance her climb as her legs strained against my ears. 

Suddenly, her moans gave way to a legible word. "Now!" she gasped. "I need you inside!"

It wasn't until that moment I realized how much my shaft ached. As I climbed up her body, her knees came up along side my torso. My hard member reached her entrance, and her legs spread for a moment, inviting me inside. My shaft felt her searing heat as I entered easily between her folds and through the small hole the clamped upon me, forcing a grunt from my throat. For a moment, my focus shifted to my own need. But as I looked into her crazed eyes, I felt her walls grip my member and I refocused on her pleasure once more.

I was determined to make this experience last longer than my first penetration only two hours earlier. I started to increase my thrusts quickly, but felt my balls tighten too soon. So I backed off to a steady pace. "Yes!" she breathed, and it seemed all my pent-up energies remained within my hard shaft, not receding, but not going further until I relaxed the dam I held against it. 

I'm sure the fact that this was my second climax in the same evening allowed me to hold on for a considerable length of time, but I'm also certain my efforts to focus on Diane's climax was a key factor as well. When her whimper broke out into song, and her whole body began to shake uncontrollably, and my thrust met with tighter resistance than any time previously, I couldn't hold the tide back any longer. I nearly cried as I buried my shaft deep within and held on with everything left within me. At first, I shot loads of hot liquid within her, but then her canal rolled along my shaft, milking it until there was no longer anything left as I panted. 

I tried not to drop my weight on her as I collapsed, rolling with her to one side with my shaft slowly receding from her sheath. Small curls of hair were matted to the sides of her face as she smiled with total contentment. "Thank you, oh thank you," she whispered with heavy breathing still evident. She reached up and ran her fingers along my cheek. "You are a wonderful student!" she proclaimed.

Since that day, I have learned that each woman has her own set of stimuli that will drive her to the brink and beyond. Not everything that works with one will work with another. But the process of leaning to please a woman so I can satisfy her needs above my own has always given me the most intense satisfaction. 

I hope you enjoyed. If you agree with the lesson I learned, then perhaps you'll vote a high rating for this story. In any case, I always appreciate positive feedback. Thanks.