 My first year of college was anything but a smooth transition into adult life. You see I came from a small town in Iowa to a big city college in Philadelphia. I had made the journey once before to tour the campus and I fell in love with the place. The scholarship money they awarded me also was a big help because I was from out of state and my parents were strapped for cash. The dorms were especially nice because they felt more like a home. There was a living area with chairs and couches and big screen TV. There was a kitchen area with a dinette set for 6. With five individual bedrooms and two shared bathrooms to the unit. It was unlike many of those institutional feeling dorms with two to a room and a common bath down the hall. Bathrooms had double vanity sinks and huge walk-in showers with clear glass doors.

The day of check in was fast approaching and because I was from out of state I arranged to send all my things in ahead of time. My flight from Iowa to Philadelphia had been delayed and I did not get into the airport until 9 pm. By the time I got to the college I must have been the last one in because the check in person handed me my key, told me how to get to my dorm and left for the evening. Worn out from the days events I just wanted to find my room and go to sleep. When I got there and opened the door I was surprised to find four guys in my dorm apartment and I think they were surprised to see me. With a first name of Jordan it could have easily been a boys name until someone actually saw my 34C tits. 

My head started spinning. I tried to contact the admin building to tell them there was a mistake but it was late and they must have closed. I didn't have any money for a hotel room. 

One of the guys, Drew, said, "Look it is late and you look tired. The bedrooms all have locks on them so why don't you stay the night and try to straighten things out in the morning?" 

I took the time to look at each one while I thought of my reply. Three of the guys were white and one black. None looked like a rapist or murderer. In fact one, named Dave, looked like a nerd. I agreed to stay the night and since I was the last one in they showed me where my bedroom was. In the room were the rest of my belongings waiting for me. I made the bed and crashed for the night.

The next morning, as the sunlight came into my room I heard dishes rattling. It appears as though I bunked in with a bunch of early risers as it was only 6am. I got dressed and went out to the kitchen where Drew offered me my choice of bacon & eggs or cereal for breakfast. Opting for the cereal we started to introduce ourselves. Dave the nerd started as I had already met Drew. Robert was the black guy and Jason was the other white guy. I told them my name was Jordan but they already knew that because of the tags on my luggage. They asked where I was from and I explained from a small town in Iowa. They were all from the Philadelphia area but just too far out to be able to commute. We cleaned up the dishes but I had to wait until after 8 am for the admin building to open. Some of the guys left for their first classes. When 8 am came I went straight to admin and told them about the mix up. After about two hours of being shuffled around I was finally informed that there were no other campus housing options available so I had three choices. 1. Stay where I was. 2. Stay where I was and wait until female housing opened up from drop outs. 3. Look for off campus housing. 

I went blew a gasket. Thoroughly disgusted I decided to attend two classes while I pondered my options. I had to rule out option 3 because my room and board were part of my scholarship and my parents didn't have the money. Moving through my classes in sort of a daze I went back to the dorm at about 4 pm. All the guys were there and I told them what my situation was leaving out the part about the money. They all agreed that I was more than welcome to stay if I wanted options 1 or 2 and that they would respect my privacy. After a few minutes I told them I would like to stay until female housing was available. It was settled that this was my course of action. 

The following week was a bit rough on all of us. Being the only girl I consumed more bathroom time than anyone. Our schedules collided on Monday Wednesday and Friday when we all had early morning classes and only the two bathrooms. I was also getting tired of getting completely dressed to walk the 10' down the hallway to the bathroom to get undressed and then redressed. During the week I continued to follow up with administration but there was no apparent break in the housing situation. 

That night as I lie in bed I thought on what could be done. The guys had been such gentlemen but I could tell I was wearing thin on them. I had a boyfriend back home but we broke up before I set off for college. I was no prude and while we were dating I became familiar with the male anatomy although we never had intercourse. When I wasn't aroused by him I could look at his naked body and think to myself that it was nothing more than skin and should be viewed as such. The idea started to form in my head that if everyone could accept each others nudity while in the dorm then we could handle things more efficiently. First, the bathroom doors would never be locked with the exception of having to take a dump as my roomies would say. This would save both the person going and the one that walked into the room both embarrassment and the unpleasant odor. Other than that bathrooms would be open to anyone needing to pee, shower, brush teeth, put on make up or any other personal hygiene regardless of anyone's state of dress. Clearly, I needed to talk to the guys and overcome the nudity issue.

Next morning no one had any early classes. As we sat at the kitchen table I started by thanking them for putting up with me. They all said no problem but I knew was not true so I started to lay out my plan. I explained about unlocked and locked doors and how if a person was in the shower that anyone could enter to pee or use the vanities and that went for both bathrooms. I told them that they had all been such gentlemen that I felt I could be in front of them completely naked without it being a problem and hoped that they felt the same about me. 

Drew spoke first and asked, "And how do you propose that we all become "comfortable" with this new arrangement."

"Quite simply", I responded. "We all have about 2 hours before anyone has to go to class. We could all get naked now and hang out in the living room or we could do it tonight after dinner."

They all looked at each other and then me. "Do it now" was the unanimous decision.

I moved to the center of the room and asked, "Have you all seen a girl naked before and I don't mean a magazine?"

They all nodded yes except Robert the black guy. Robert spoke up and said that he had seen nude women before but never a white one.

I said, "Well Robert here is your chance. I have never seen a black cock before."

I took off my blouse to expose my plain white bra and tossed it on the couch. I kicked off my flip flops and dropped my jeans very quickly. I wanted this to be "matter of fact" and not a strip tease. Reaching for the shoulder straps of my bra I pulled them down and then twisted my bra around so I could undo the clips. Once off I threw the bra on the couch and immediately grabbed the waistband to my panties and pushed down until they too fell to the floor. There I stood with my 34C's hanging and my trimmed bush on display. No one else was moving until I said, "What about the rest of you?"

With that they all started to drop their clothes until everyone was naked. 

Drew asked, "So what do we do next?" 

I replied, "Just walk around and check everyone out so you have seen all of their body but no touching. Ask a person to change position if there is something you would like to see but again no touching. From there you are free to put your clothes back on or stay naked until it is time for your class." 

I asked each of the guys to get down into a squatting position so I could see their cock and balls hang. Four different sets of manhood were in my view that morning. Cocks of different colors, girths and lengths on display. Ball sacks hanging tight to the body and almost touching the floor and of course a view of my first black cock.The guys did the same to me. All for of the guys were semi erect while looking me over. They asked me to bend over so my tits would hang down and to spread my ass checks to view my pussy from the rear. It all lasted about 20 minutes when Dave and Jason decided to get dressed. Drew, Robert and I stayed naked and watched TV until it was time to get ready to go to class. That night when we returned to the dorm no one said much. 

The next morning was Wednesday and there was a mad scramble for the bathrooms. I ran to one shower naked while Drew got the other one. Robert came into my room for his morning pee. He was rock hard and had to lean against the wall and push down on his penis so he could hit the toilet. I was all soapy from the neck down. As I rinsed off, Robert finished up and started to leave when Jason entered. I came out of the shower and my tits brushed against Jason as he entered the shower. I then squatted to pee on the toilet while Jason let his go in the shower. 

I dried off with my towel as I walked to my bedroom. I put on a pair of white panties and went back to the bathroom to finish with teeth, hair and make up. I saw so much erect cock that morning that it changed the cock images in my head from yesterday when they were at worst semi erect. Everyone got out on time that morning and with minimal fuss. 

From that day forward things became more relaxed. People started to walk around in their underwear or naked at any time of day or night if the need arose. The occasional contact of nude body parts in the tight bathrooms was overlooked. The next few weeks I got to know each one of the guys as friends and could also read their "body language." The "morning wood" on each of my roommates became an expected daily event. If I thought about it too long it would dawn on me that I got to look at well over 24" of rock hard cock each morning and could get aroused. On the other hand, it became apparent to me that none of the guys wanted me to see their cocks in a state of total "shrinkage." If that occurred they would pull at their penises trying to elongate them enough so that they would hang down. In the shower they would soap up their manhood and take a few strokes to help things grow. Some unspoken rules started to develop beyond the initial rule of locking the bathroom doors. The first was that no one would masturbate anywhere but the privacy of their own room so if I saw an unexpected full blown erection on one of the guys they would usually disappear into their rooms for a few minutes and the re-emerge with a flaccid member.

As for me, I only had to worry about some leakage between my legs but I also had to contend with my time of month. I only got caught leaking a couple of times. One morning in particular, Robert was in the shower and Jason was just finishing up his morning pee when he turned to see me standing there. He looked between my legs, which was not uncommon for the guys to do, when he noticed the flood running down my legs. I grabbed some toilet paper and started to mop up and Jason asked if I was OK and had I pee'd myself? When I turned and sat down on the toilet and started to empty my bladder he turned bright red when he realized what was happening. Once I finished urinating I returned to my room to take care of business. I lay on the bed naked fondling my vagina. With plenty of male images to draw on I inserted two fingers from my left hand into my tunnel while I rubbed my clit with my right. The one image that got me off the quickest was that of Robert's rock hard black cock. Not because he was exceptionally large, although the head was quite bulbous, but because of the contrast in our skin color. Within a few minutes I had a beautiful orgasm and proceeded to get dressed for the day.

My next hurdle to overcome was how to handle my period. Not wanting to gross out any of the guys, I opted to using tampons. That way I wouldn't have to leave a bloody pad on the vanity while taking my shower. A squat on the toilet, reach between the legs and flush was quick, clean and easy in the morning rush. The guys on the other hand would make jokes for the whole week. One was, "Your birthday suit has a thread hanging, or, watch out for Jordan she must be in a bad mood. She has her flag out." 

Telling jokes became our way of coping with our unusual circumstances. On time I was in the shower bending over to wash my legs with my pussy exposed when Dave came in and gave me a wolf whistle. 

I turned toward him and with a smile I said, "You peeked."

Dave said, "Peeked hell! I looked." We both laughed.

Occasionally I would wear nothing more that a pair of panties and leave my breasts exposed as I walked around the dorm. If it bothered the guys at all they were handling it behind closed doors but one day Jason looked like he was going to take a picture of me half naked with his cell phone and two of the other guys ripped the phone from his hand. That became the next unspoken rule, no pictures that would embarrass a roommate. These guys were not only my roommates and friends they were becoming my protectors. 

Studying for final exams, term papers and projects for the semester was setting in and everyone was on full study mode. I had a class that let out early one day and I rushed back to the dorm to get some study time in. As I opened the door I saw Drew bare assed naked, lying on the couch and jerking off. Within seconds of my entering the room his cock was spewing semen all over the place. I swear it shot two feet in the air and landed on his legs, stomach and the couch. Frozen in place I did not know what to do. It was the first time any of us had openly performed a sexual act in front of one of the others. The sound of me closing the door called Drew's attention to the sound. When he saw me standing there he started to apologize profusely. He stood up to go to his room but gravity was taking over and his sperm was starting to run and drip. I told him to sit back down as I but my books on the table and went to the kitchen for paper towels. Taking them to Drew I gave him half as I started to wipe up his legs. He used his towels to wipe his now shrinking rod and stomach. All cleaned up I took the used towels to the trash. Drew asked why I was home so early and I explained class got out early so we could study. Then I asked him why he doing this in a common area and not the privacy of his bedroom? 

"The tension of these finals and my own sexual tensions built to a point where I needed a more explosive release to calm me down. I thought everyone had at least another 30 minutes of class and decided to do it here," Drew said as I noticed his cock continue to shrink. We were all under the same pressure but that was not reason to make exceptions to the rules and I told Drew so. He apologized again and promised that it would not happen again. 

The last few weeks of the semester went flying by. The guys were all getting ready for winter break and planning on trips home. Lack of money is what stranded me at school for the holidays. 

In one of my classes I met this guy, Gary, who was in the same situation as I. Not enough money for the trip home, he and I started to date a little. First a movie, then some trips downtown for the day and before I knew it one thing led to another and we were hanging out almost all the time. Gary lived in a dorm on campus with four other guys and two of them stayed during break. 

I decided it was time for a little alone time with just me and Gary but I had to tell him about my living arrangements with the guys before I actually brought him back to my dorm. I told him the truth about everything. How it happened. The mad rush in the mornings for classes. About me being the hold up because of the bathrooms. How the only solution was to live platonically and ignore each others nudity when it happened. Gary said he understood completely and we set a time that he would come to my dorm the following night. 

Gary showed up at 6 the next night with a pizza. We sat on the couch and turned on a movie. Once we polished off the pizza and finished the movie, Gary started kissing me. It did not take him long before his hands started to move towards my breasts even though I still had my blouse and bra still on. Once he had reached my breasts he started to rub my nipples and they just jumped to attention and shot a signal right to my pussy. We continued kissing and I could feel the first button of my blouse being undone. I did nothing to stop him so then he moved for the second. By the time he got to the fourth I whispered in his ear that my bra had a front clasp. When the buttons were undone and the clasp opened I sat up to completely remove my blouse and bra and so Gary could get a good look at my tits. He grabbed one breast with each hand and began to roll my nipples again between his thumb and forefinger. 

Gary then started in with a bunch of questions. "So everyone in your dorm has seen your tits?" 

"I told you that they have", I responded.

" But, no one has ever felt you up like I am doing now?" he asks.

" No but there has been occasional incidental contact," I told him. 

"Like what?" says Gary.

"You know," I say, "in tight quarters like the bathroom, one of the guys may graze them while trying to towel off. I may accidentally rub them against a guys back while trying to get past him. That sort of thing."

Gary takes my right breast and grabs the nipple with his mouth. It feels so good as he twirls his tongue around the little nub. 

"So let me get this straight," he says. "For the last several months you have walked around this apartment with your tits hanging out. These four guys have never felt you up, grab your breasts , sucked on your nipples or anything?"

"Gary, I told you everything before. Now if you can't deal with my living arrangement then I think you should leave now." I said.

With that Gary put on his coat and left.

The next day I got a phone call from Gary apologizing for his questions and actions and saying he wanted to see me. I told him to come over around 7 pm. I made some popcorn and we turned on a movie. The movie sucked and we started kissing and he once again started to fondle my breasts. To make things easier for him I broke off our kiss, stood up and removed my top and bra. His fingers were like magic on my nipples sending little shockwaves right to my pussy. He climbed on top of me and started to dry hump me. I could feel his hard cock through his jeans and mine as he ground it on my pubic mound. I reached down and started to massage his cock through his clothes. After a few minutes he reached down to his pants with one hand and started to undo his belt buckle. I reached over and undid his zipper and pushed both his pants and underwear down just over his butt. This was enough to free his rigid steel cock to roam my clothes below the waist. He dry humped me some more and I suggested that we sit up for a time. As I climbed out from underneath him he reached down and pushed his pants completely off. With both of us now sitting on the couch, me naked from the waist up and Gary from the waist down, I started to kiss him again while I reached for his cock and started to stroke him. The precum that was leaking from his cock lubricated the skin between my hand and his penile flesh. I could feel him building on an orgasm so I broke our kiss and moved my head toward his lap. I wrapped my lips around his pole and he let out a soft moan. Bobbing my head up and down I knew he was getting closer to a climax. 
