 He wasn't expecting Kim to call, even though he knew she was home for Thanksgiving break. Brad knew that she had just broken up with her boyfriend, who happened to be Brad's best friend, so he figured she wouldn't be too keen to talk with him. But when her number flashed on his cell phone, Brad eagerly answered it.

"Hello?" he said.

"Hi. It's Kim," she said. The sound of her voice made Brad's heart rate pick up. Since Kim had dated his friend Scott for two years, Brad never thought that he would ever have a chance with her. And he wasn't about to make any moves on her while she was dating Scott. But he always felt like they had a certain connection. Kim certainly wasn't shy about flirting with him, and based on the stories Scott told, she wasn't shy about many things.

"Hey Kim. Are you back on break?" Brad asked. Kim, at 19, was a sophomore in college. Brad, just 18, was a freshman. Kim went to Indiana while Brad was at Ohio State. 

"Just got home last night," Kim said back. "You talk to Scott?"

"Yes," Brad said, not wanting to lie. "Is it true?"

Scott had told him that he and Kim just couldn't keep their long-distance relationship together as he was at Cornell, hundreds of miles from Kim at Indiana. They had drifted apart, unable to see each other like they used to when they started dating in high school.

"Yes, it's over," Kim said. "I was hoping to talk with you about some stuff I've been wondering. Want to meet at the mall around 3?"

Brad didn't have anything going on, and even if he had, he would have skipped it to see Kim. She was petite, about 5'4'', with long black, curly hair that came down to her shoulders, small but pert breasts and a nearly perfect ass that she loved to show off in jeans that appeared to be two sizes too small and form-fitting yoga pants.

"Yeah, I can meet you there," Brad said. "Got some shopping to do?"

"A little bit, mainly I just wanted to see you and talk about things," Kim said. "See you in a couple hours."

"Later," Brad replied. He put his phone down and wondered what this was all about. 

"Talk about things?" he said to himself out loud. He wasn't sure what that meant, but it could go in a lot of different ways. He and Kim had always been close, even when she was dating Scott, so maybe she just wanted to pick his brain about the breakup. But what if it was more than that? Brad's mind wandered. But he wouldn't have much time to stress over it. It was already 1 p.m.

Brad got a text from Kim as he was driving to the mall.

"Meet me outside VS."

"VS?" Brad thought to himself. "Could she really mean Victoria's Secret?" From the stories Scott had told him about his years dating Kim, she was far from a prude. In fact, if Scott was to be believed all she ever thought about was sex. Brad could, and had, imagined her loving to flaunt her body in some of the more revealing offerings at Victoria's Secret.

When he approached the store, he could see Kim standing near the entrance typing something on her phone. She looked as good as he remembered the last time he saw her, about four months earlier. She was wearing black yoga pants and a sweater that just barely covered her ass. Kim smiled when she saw him and spread her arms wide for a hug.

"Brad! Come here, you!" she said embracing him. Brad, always one to over think things, tried to determine whether it was a friend hug or a more-than-friend hug. It was hard to tell, but it certainly felt good. 

"Kim, great seeing you," Brad said as they emerged from the hug. He loved the smell of her perfume. Whatever it was, it was distinctly her smell. It was a definite turn on. 

"Hey, so, sorry about Scott," Brad said, cutting right to the chase. "I wish I could tell you what he was thinking, but I'm not really sure."

"Yeah, I know," Kim said. "It's not like I didn't see it coming, because I did. Things just weren't going great and we both knew it. But that's why I wanted to be sure to see you right away."

"Oh?" Brad said.

"Yeah, I just wanted to be sure that me no longer being with Scott doesn't mean the end of our friendship," Kim said. "You're my best guy friend and I don't want you to think we can't still hang out."

"Guy friend?" Brad thought to himself. "Hang out?" These were not the words of a woman looking to start a relationship, or get into his pants. His hopes for the afternoon started to fade.

"No way," he told her. "Nothing can stop us from being friends. Scott would be cool with that and even if he wasn't, there's nothing he can do to stop us."

"Aw, I'm so glad to hear you say that," Kim said, rubbing her hand up and down Brad's arm. "Coming home wouldn't be the same if I couldn't see you."

Brad smiled and there was an awkward silence. He really wasn't sure what was going to happen next, other than he was now stuck at the mall to do some shopping he didn't have any interest in doing.

"So, now what?" Brad asked. 

"Oh, I just needed to grab some stuff. You want to hang out with me and get caught up?" Kim asked.

"Sure," Brad said. He was used to hanging out with Kim even when she was dating Scott. They got along well because they both knew nothing was going to happen between them. But now with Scott out of the picture, Brad was hoping for more, but Kim wasn't giving off vibes that was in the offing.

"I need to run in here," she said, motioning toward Victoria's Secret. "Can you come in and help?"

Suddenly, Brad was feeling more optimistic about the afternoon. Was this Kim just being the friend, or was this Kim starting to flirt with him? Either way, he was more than happy to help her pick out underwear. The material he would gather for masturbation fantasies would last him months back at college.

They walked into the store that was packed with people, mostly women, taking advantage of holiday sales. The music was loud and the noise from the shoppers was louder still. Kim had to practically scream for Brad to hear her.

"Come on in the back," she said. "There's a sale on panties."

Brad couldn't believe it, but he actually felt his dick start to harden. Was he really shopping for panties with Kim? Her being so casual about it just turned him on all the more.

They got to the back of the store where there was a massive display of panties in all shapes, varieties, colors and sizes.

"Scott always wanted me to wear thongs, and those things are so damn uncomfortable," Kim said. "I need to get some stuff that actually feels good when I'm wearing it, you know."

"Not really," Brad joked.

Kim laughed.

"Do you like these boy shorts?" Kim held up a pair of blue and white striped boy shorts in front of her waist, as if she were wearing them. 

"Yeah, those are cute," Brad said, but he was really thinking, "My god you would look so fucking hot in those."

"OK, cool," Kim said. "Can you pick out four different ones of these you think I would like? I'm a small."

Before Brad could answer, Kim had moved to another table of nothing but silk panties and was pawing through a pile of them on display. Brad was actually now semi-erect just at the thought of Kim asking for his advice in picking out her panties. The only thing that stopped him from getting a full-on boner was that he wasn't sure whether she viewed him as almost a sister, or girlfriend, out on a shopping jag, or whether she was also turned on by the thought of him choosing her unmentionables.

Either way, he was tasked with picking out panties that would send the right message. They had to be sexy without being trashy, perhaps a little naughty but definitely not old lady.

He got the four he thought fit the bill and then connected with Kim in another part of the store. 

"You got 'em?" she asked.

"Yeah," Brad said, holding them out. Kim didn't ask to see them, she just took them from him and added them to a pile she had already picked out. 

"Great, thanks. I'm almost done," she said. 

"OK," Brad answered, still not sure how to read her. Not that he was complaining about spending an afternoon picking out panties for Kim, he just wasn't sure if it was going anywhere beyond that.

As the clerk rang up the panties, she folded each one in front of Brad as Kim looked at her phone. Brad found himself getting erect again, just imagining her in each of them. Kim seemed pre-occupied. After she paid, she asked Brad, "You want to come over for dinner?"

"Sure, are your parents home?" Brad asked. 

"No, they're gone for the night. They went with my sister to visit my grandparents. I didn't feel like going, so I have the place to myself," Kim said, taking the bag of panties and walking out of the store.

"Yeah, I think I could come over for a little bit," Brad said. 

"Cool," Kim said. "Come over around six. I'll see you then."

Brad tried to process his thoughts as he drove home. He wasn't going to try and force anything with Kim, but now that she was available, he also wasn't going to be afraid to make a move. And, she was the one who invited him to come pick out panties for her. That's a pretty clear signal, isn't it?

As he was driving home his phone beeped. It was a text from Kim. He opened it.

"Thx for the help today. "

He smiled and typed out a quick response: "NP. I hope you like what I picked out."

His phone beeped almost immediately with another message from Kim.

"Luv them. Which should I wear first?"

"Jesus," Brad thought. "This is getting interesting."

He thought for a minute before typing his response. He wanted to keep the flirting going without scaring her off.

"U know me, skimpier the better."

The minute Brad hit the send button he worried that he had gone too far. Kim didn't type a response. He pulled into his driveway and checked the phone again, but there was no message.

"Shit," he said out loud. "Shit. Shit."

It was 5 p.m. He had an hour before Kim wanted him to come over to eat. He thought about canceling, but the alternative, sitting at home and watching reruns of America's Funniest Home Videos, wasn't exactly an enticing alternative. He sat down in front of his computer and started to cruise Facebook when his phone beeped. It was a message from Kim.

"OK."

That's all it said.

"OK?" Brad thought. "OK?! What the hell does that mean?"

He was getting tired of trying to analyze everything she said and did. All he knew for sure was he was going to get a meal with a good friend, who just happened to have a tight body and, according to her former boyfriend, loved nothing more than to fuck and be fucked.

After some mindless cruising of the Internet, Brad grabbed his keys and headed over to Kim's.

Kim opened the door when he knocked. She was wearing a tight, red V-cut T-shirt. Her breasts appeared to be trying to burst out of the shirt that looked to be at least two sizes too small. Brad could see the outline of the pattern on her bra, the fabric was so thin. 

She had on a pair of light gray yoga pants, similar to the pair she had on at the mall. Although, incredibly, this pair appeared to be even tighter and of a thinner material than the ones before. He tried not to stare, but the outline of her vagina was clearly visible, as the fabric clung to every curve and crease on her body. 

"Hey there," Kim said, noticeably more welcoming than she had been at the mall. "Come on in, I'm so glad you decided to come over."

Brad walked through the door. Kim was alone.

"Yeah, no problem," he said.

"Listen, I have to apologize," Kim said immediately. "I know I was being kind of distant this afternoon. It's not intentional. It's just that I'm trying to process what happened with Scott, why he dumped me, and my head is kind of flying all over the place. I'm just so thankful to have a friend like you to help me through this."

With that, she approached Brad and gave him a full hug, pulling his body close against her. He loved the feel of the heat she was giving off, but he was also slightly nervous that she would notice his budding erection pressed against her waist. If she did notice, she didn't say anything as she held the hug for several seconds.

"Hey, anything for you," Brad said. "I always thought Scott kind of gave you a raw deal."

"Oh yeah? In what way?" Kim asked as she walked into the kitchen. Brad stared at her ass. It was perfectly accented by the thin, tight yoga pants. He just wanted to reach out and grab it.

"Well, I just thought he took you for granted, you know?" Brad said.

"Aww, that's sweet," Kim said. "Can I get you a drink?"

"Yeah, you have any beer?"

"Sure, in the fridge. I've already had a couple. I think I'll switch to wine," Kim said.

"Wow, you've been hitting it kind of hard, huh?" Brad said as he popped open the beer and took a long swig.

"Just trying to relax," Kim practically purred, smiling at Brad. "What do you like to do to relax?"

Brad almost choked on his beer at the question. Now he knew she was flirting with him.

"Oh, all sorts of things," he said.

"Yeah, like what?" Kim asked, moving closer to him.

"Oh you know, I love to play games," Brad said. The minute the words left his mouth he regretted it. He sounded like a fool. Play games? What the fuck does that mean?

"What sorts of games?" Kim giggled, standing just inches away from him. 

"Any kind," Brad said. "You name it."

"Did you ever used to thumb wrestle?" Kim asked with a smile, moving just inches away from Brad. She put out her hand, with her thumb extended.

"Of course," Brad said. "Everyone knows how to thumb wrestle."

"OK, let's do it then," Kim said, grabbing Brad's hand and putting it into hers. Brad felt a wave of heat come over him as he held hands with Kim and their thumbs began dodging back and forth, trying to pin the other. It was the first time he ever felt her hand in his and he liked it. As they played the game, their bodies bobbed and weaved with their thumbs until they were pressed up close against one another. Inevitably, like magnets, their faces were just inches apart. Almost uncontrollably, like it was out of both of their controls, they began kissing, mouths open, tongues darting in and out.

Brad put his arms around Kim and held her close. They kissed, deep and long, wordlessly, enjoying what each of them had wanted for so long but had been unable to experience. Kim pulled Brad to the couch and they both collapsed on it, with her on top. 

Brad just went with the moment, his hands running up and down Kim's body. She felt so warm, so right, on top of him. His cock was fully erect inside his jeans and he loved the feel of her body pressing against it.

"Oh Brad, god," Kim whispered, the first words either of them spoke during the long kiss. "Is this right?"

"Shhhh," Brad whispered. He put her head into his hands and guided her mouth back onto his. They began kissing again, even more forcefully. 

Brad's hands found their way, easily, to Kim's breasts. He was outside her shirt, caressing her, and could feel her pert nipples through both her shirt and nearly sheer bra. It was as if they wanted to burst out as much as his swollen, throbbing cock did. As soon as he ran his finger over her pert tit, Kim let out a moan.

"Oh god, yes," she said. He began massaging both tits at the same time and Kim became more and more aroused.

"Don't stop," she whispered. "Oh god, don't stop."

They kept kissing as Brad circled her tits with his fingers, back and forth and around, from outside her shirt. Then Kim's grip on his forearm tightened, her body tensed, and she exhaled loudly.

"Oh god, I'm going to cum," she said. Her back arched as Brad ran his palms over her tits, pressing them against her chest. "Jesus, god, ohhhhh!"

Kim's body convulsed, up and down, on the couch as she came from Brad's touch. He couldn't believe it. He had never made a woman cum before when she was fully clothed. After several seconds Kim's breathing slowed and she looked at Brad.

"That was incredible," she said. "You made me cum."

"Wow, that was easy," Brad laughed.

"I have very sensitive nipples," Kim said. She exhaled loudly again and looked at Brad. "May I return the favor?"

Brad felt his cock pulse at the offer. The question barely left her lips before he blurted out, "Of course."

Kim slid off to Brad's side and looked at the bulge in his jeans. There was no hiding his boner, and she had been grinding on it for the past 10 minutes anyhow, so it was no surprise.

"There are three secrets to giving great hand jobs," Kim said, as she gripped his cock from outside his jeans. "The first is anticipation."

Brad ran his hands through her hair as she gripped and released his cock several times.

"What's the second?" Brad asked, using every inch of his willpower not to blow his wad in his pants.

"A firm grip," Kim said, as she unbuttoned his jeans and slid down the zipper. His cock popped out, quickly occupying the opening she afforded it. Kim was taken aback by its size. At a full seven inches, and thick, it was much bigger than any other man she had been with.

"Wow," she said, sitting back as she looked at it. "That is, wow."

"Are you just going to look at it?" Brad asked, only half jokingly. The comment kicked Kim back into reality, and she gripped his cock with her right hand. It was certainly the biggest dick she had ever seen in real life and she made sure to have her hand explore his entire shaft, up and down, with a tight grasp the entire time.

"How does that feel, big boy?" she asked with a smile. Brad's eyes were closed, he was thoroughly enjoying the attention, doing all he could not to cum so fast. He felt like he could explode at any moment. It was like a lifetime's worth of sexual frustration had been built up for this moment.

Her hand gripped his penis firmly, stroking it up and down. Precum formed on the tip of his cock, and she spread it down the top of his shaft with her index finger as she kept working him. It was glorious.

"What's the third secret?" he asked, with all the strength he had to speak and now blow his wad.

"The third," she said, continuing to stroke him. "Is knowing the right thing to say at the right time."

"Like what?" Brad asked.

She stroked him five more times silently. She could tell by the way his back was arching and his cock was tensing that he didn't have much longer. She waited until just the right moment. Then she leaned in, her lips pressed against his ear, and whispered: "I can't wait to feel you inside of me."

At that very instant, he shot a huge wad of hot cum, all across her arm and his chest with a loud, gutteral growl.

"Ohhhhh," he said. Then a second, third and fourth huge spurt of cum shot out, all over Kim and Brad. It was going everywhere and showed no signs of stopping. Kim kept pumping him, like she was working a water well. It seemed like it would never end.

"I. Want. To. Fuck. You," she purred in his ear, and with each word his cum seemed to shoot farther out.

Finally, after what seemed like minutes, his cock stopped pulsing and the flow of cum ended. The white, sticky mess seemed to be everywhere. On Kim's hand and T-shirt, all over Brad's stomach, and even a little in Kim's hair. All they could do was laugh.

"Jesus," Kim said, taking a step back. "That was, uh, incredible."

Brad laughed, a little self-consciously. 

"I guess you really do know the secret," he said.

"Yeah," she said. "I guess that big cock of yours hadn't gotten any attention in a while, huh?"

Brad laughed but didn't say anything. It had been a while, but he didn't want Kim to know that.

"Let's get cleaned up and eat some dinner," she said, throwing him a towel as she went into the bathroom. Brad cleaned himself and then put his clothes back on. When Kim emerged she was wearing a bathrobe.

"Let's order some dinner," she said.

So they did.

As they ate, Brad wasn't sure if he would ever get a boner again, he felt so spent. Even though Kim was sitting next to him in nothing but a robe and panties, he felt no urge to rip it open and fuck her.
