 After passing my exams at school i decided i wasnt ready to earn a living, so i went to a posh sixth form. We had to wear uniforms like the rest of the school to which it was attached, which obviosly drove the boys wild !. This story took place in the second year about a month after my 18th birthday.

Since i was still in full time schooling, i was still living at home. Trouble was i had started dating, and my boyfriend, who i was at college with, was at that insatiable age. His dick was constantly hard and when he came back to mine after college, it could be difficult. Trouble was, we would go up to my room and he would always get all horny. He wanted sex (and so did i), but my parents would often be in, so we couldnt make much noise. My personal favorite way of getting him off was, i would lay on the bed on my front and slip my trousers and knickers down just over my bottom, i then let him kneel astride my thighs or next to me and wank over me. I let him grope my bottom and often he would ease his hand between my legs to push his fingers inside me. The feeling as he reached his climax and he shot his hot, sticky load over my bottom was amazing.

My boyfriend said it was so horny, and he loved it. One day my parents were out, we were both naked on the bed, laid facing each other, he was fingering me as i wanked his hard cock He was telling me hoe horny it made him that i let him wank over me, and how he had told one of his mates and his mate said "Wow, i bets she looks awesome like that !". I was really turned on that his mate fancied me. What he said next blew me away, "would u let him wank over your ass?" my boyfriend asked me. I paused, my hand still wrapped around his hard length "my god, youre serious arent you?" i stammered. "of course!" he said. "ok ill do it" i said almost without thinking. At that point i was so worked up, i was almost cumming we both speeded up and i started to cum, moaning my approval as my boyfriend shot his load over my pussy and thighs, what a sticky mess !.

My boyfriend organised it for the following week, knowing my parents would be out all afternoon.I left college and made my way home to await their arrival. I was so turned on waiting for the, running it over in my head. I really wanted to make a good impression so i had put on a pretty pink thong that morning, i decided it would turn them on most if i stayed in my uniform. After about five minuites there was a knock at the door, my heart was in my mouth as i ran to answer it, there they were my boyfriend Dave and his mate Andy. They hurried in and my Dave led me straight upstairs, we stood in my bedroom, Andy looked a bit awkward. I looked at Dave, he smiled. I walked up to Andy and kissed him gently, he kissed me back, his tongue pushing into my mouth. He soon moved his hands from my ass to grope my tits through my blouse, i reached down and felt his hardness, he was huge ! I broke off our kiss and whispered to him "i really want u to cum over me, want me to play with it first?". "God yeah" he moaned as i caressed his crotch. I unzipped his fly and reached inside, but it was too big to pull out, i had to undo his belt. I pulled his hardness out and gasped, my god he really was big ! i couldnt believe how huge it was. He was easily 10", my hand seemed tiny wrapped around this monster, i slid my hand up and down its length, it was almost too thick to get my hand around. He moaned as i stroked him, i was away in a world of my own, when Dave said"why dont you show him what he came to see Chloe?". "Ok" i replied, reluctantly releasing my grip on his cock. I lay on the bed on my front and daintily slipped my trousers down, and then my thong. I lay there resting on my elbows, "like what you see?" i asked Andy. "Mmmm, sweet !" he replied He knelt next to me, and began kneading my bottom, wanking his massive erection with his other hand. I was so turned on by how much he fancied me, i could feel how wet i was, i needed something in me !. Dave had his cock out now and was wanking in my face, begging me to lick it. I flicked my tongue out over his bulging helmet. I was bucking my hips as Andy stroked my ass, trying to encourage him to explore between my legs. He took the hint and slipped his hand down, his fingers slipped straight in, i was soaking wet, and close to cumming before he had even touched me. I started to unbutton my blouse, then slipped it off without turning over. Dave started to grope my tits and slipped his hand into the cup of my bra, i was getting there and fast, "oh god !" i gasped. "whats up, hunny?" Dave asked, "im gonna cum!" i moaned urgently, "mmm you do like Andy, dont you?", "mmm yeah" i groaned. With that i was cumming bucking my hips and moaning my appreciation.

I lay still as my orgasm subsided, "i hope you are going to show youre appreciation to Andy now" my boyfriend said. I sucked Daves cock hard making him moan, i took it from my mouth, wanking him "how naughty are you gonna let me be?" i asked. "how naughty do u want to be?" Dave retorted. "Very !" I said. I kicked my trousers and thong off and unclipped my bra throwing it aside. I turned over, and lay on my back, rubbing my clit. "do u like naughty girls Andy,?" i asked. "Mmmm yeah" he replied "good !" i replied "cause i want to be slutty". I opened my legs wide, "id like you to fuck me " i said, "would u like that?" i asked, he was straight between my legs. His cock was brushing my opening "hang on id better get a rubber " he said moving away. I wrapped my legs around him pulling him inside me "fuck me without"i said looking straight into his eyes. He seemed to be pushing more and more dick into me for ages. If it looked big, it felt twice the size, it was an awesome feeling when he stopped pushing and started thrusting. I was cumming on his dick immeadiatly, as i stopped shaking from my orgasm, i said where do you want to shoot your load baby?, ill let you do it anywhere you want". "if i could cum anywhere, would have to say, in your ass". "Mmmm, you dirty boy, well i think you might be a little big to fuck my bum sweetheart, but how about i let you put the tip in to you can spunk in there?". "Sounds hot "he said. Dave looked so turned on by all this, i lay on my front on the bed, put your cock in me and use that baby oil to lube my bum, i ordered. He poured the oil onto my bottom and began to ream my ass with his fingers. Once i was well oiled, he pulled his fingers out and put his hands on my hips, holding me while he fucked me hard, i was cumming all over his cock. Suddenly he said "im nearly there" he pulled his big dick out and squeezed the tip into my bum. He bucked his hips and it started sliding in " oh my god !" i moaned. "just the tip !" i shouted. He was fucking my bum, there was nothing i could do. "ohhh, youre sooo, sexy, im gonna do it" he cried out and his thrusts became spasmodic as he emptied his balls inside me. I turned over, laying on my back,  exhausted, Dave stood over me wanking, playing with my tits, "what you thinking about?" i asked him. "im thinking about one of your friends" he replied matter of factly. "youre thinking about Adele arent you?" i said, "yep" he replied. "im thinking of that time i watched her changing, and imagining she caught me and started to play with me". "she knew you were watching, she planned it" i said "she likes you, want me to ask her to play with you?". "god yes ! " he said. I was rubbing my clit now, i know youve wanked thinking of her, where would you like to cum on her you dirty boy?" i asked. "on her innocent face " he replied. "show me how much, pretend im her" i said. He speeded up and his hot come started to cover my face, landing in my hair and mouth.

I swallowed his cum, and promised to sort it out for him. It did take place, but ill have to see how much more encouragement i get before i write more. If you liked this tell me, i might write a sequel about more of my college exploits !.