 Please note the characters in this fictional story live in a world free of STIs and unwanted pregnancy - always use protection!

*****

"That's it, baby, fill me with your cum!" Jenna shouted as she climaxed, digging her nails into her boyfriend's back.

"Fuck, yeah, I'm cumming!" Christian yelled shortly thereafter, pumping his load deep into his girlfriend's dripping snatch. 

Breathing heavily, the two separated after a minute or two, lying beside one another in Jenna's bed.

"Ah, that felt so good," Jenna purred into Christian's ear. "I love it when you do what I tell you to do."

"I'm always happy to oblige in the cumming department," Christian replied with a smile. "And you always look so hot with my load running down your leg when you walk to the washroom to clean up."

"I'm glad you like that I'm a nasty little slut," Jenna giggled, lying back satisfied. She did love the feeling of cum dripping out of her - it always made her horny again. 

"Your words, not mine!" Christian said. 

Christian still had a hard time calling his girlfriend a slut when she asked him to, even though he knew she got off on it. They had both discussed how it was ironic that Jenna was into that: she was a third year psychology student with top grades and was a self-identified feminist. But as she said, "people don't choose their kinks, the kinks choose them!"

As Jenna walked across the room, Christian did appreciate how hot she looked with his sperm oozing out of her. Jenna clearly knew this, as she stopped half way to bend over and touch the floor.

"Fuck, you're sexy," Christian uttered, meaning every word of it.

"I'm glad you think so," Jenna smiled as she as she looked back at him before standing up and continuing on her way.

Jenna truly was a beauty to behold. About five and a half feet tall, 110 pounds, wavy dirty blonde hair, piercing eyes, a cute, little, slightly upturned nose, and a gorgeous face. She looked a lot like the pornstar Mia Malkova, including her awesome smile and overall sweet and kind look. There were a few differences of course: Jenna's tits were a bit bigger, her eyes were blue, and she had a light smattering of freckles across her nose and cheeks. Christian was a lucky guy indeed.

After this moment of appreciation, Christian got up and walked to the washroom to clean up, too. Jenna was standing in front of the mirror tying up her hair before hopping in the shower. Christian came up behind her and wrapped his arms around her, nestling his mostly deflated, cum-dripping cock into her lower back.

"Now I'm even messier," Jenna giggled.

"Just how I like you," Christian smiled. "You are so gorgeous, Jenna. I'm so lucky to have you."

Jenna twisted around in his arms, put her arms around his neck and looked up at him with her big, beautiful eyes. "I'm glad you think so. I'm pretty lucky, too, Handsome."

Christian smiled and kissed her deeply. After a minute she ducked out of his embrace and hopped into the shower, leaving Christian to see his reflection in the mirror. It was true, he was a pretty good looking guy: shaggy brown hair, a bit of facial scruff, fairly handsome face according to the ladies. He also kept in shape, giving him good muscle tone and a fairly toned stomach - all in all not too bad. Plus, Jenna seemed to appreciate his nearly seven inch cock and everything it could do for her.

After the couple had showered up they got back into bed, Jenna resting her head on Christian's chest.

"So you had fun with Dustin tonight?" Jenna asked.

"Oh, did I not tell you about my evening yet?" Christian asked in a teasing tone. "Oh, that's right - you jumped my bones as soon as I walked in the door."

"I'm a horny girl!" Jenna said in her defence. "Especially when I'm watching porn all night instead of studying."

"You naughty thing," Christian admonished. "It's a good thing I fucked you good and hard to teach you a lesson."

"You always take care of me," Jenna smiled, giving Christian's belly a little kiss. "Now stop being an ass and tell me about your night."

"It was good," Christian began. "The usual stuff - talking about classes, friends from school and stuff like that. But I feel pretty bad for the guy in the relationship department."

"Still no prospects?" Jenna asked, concern in her voice.

"Not really. He went on a few dates with this one girl from one of his classes. He said she was really cute and they seemed to be hitting it off, but he wound up not calling her again."

"So weird," Jenna said. "I wonder why he keeps sabotaging himself like that?"

"Mmmm," Christian replied.

"Wait a minute," Jenna said, turning to face Christian and propping herself up on an elbow (giving Christian a full few of her perfect, perky-as-hell tits). "That 'mmmm' means you know something. Tell me."

"Have I ever told you it's sometimes tricky to be a boyfriend to a brilliant psych major?" Christian asked, hoping in vain to change the subject.

"Many times. Spill."

"I normally wouldn't tell anyone this," Christian said. "Because I know Dustin would die it he found out I did. BUT, since you're you and I know you would never tell anyone - and you look just fucking incredible right now - I'm going to tell you."

"Dustin got pretty drunk tonight, so his tongue was wagging more than usual. We talked quite a bit about girls and relationships and whatnot - not a big surprise, given that's what we've talked about since I met him back in first year. As an aside, he thinks you're amazing. Yes, of course he thinks you're hot, but he is always saying how much he likes you and how happy he is for me that I found a perfect woman."

"He's such a sweetie," Jenna said with an "Awwwww!" in her voice. "Now quit side-barring and get to the good stuff."

"A gossip and a shrink, eh?" Christian sassed, getting a stern look in reply. "I mean, as I was saying..."

"So Dustin was telling me that he has this problem. Basically, he's never had vaginal intercourse before. He's eaten a good deal of pussy, but he's never fucked any. Even though he's a great guy and I think pretty good looking - I see you're nodding in agreement - he was a bit of a late bloomer and didn't even kiss a girl until the end of first year. Well, things progressed with that girl - you remember Emily? Yeah, her - and so he started going down on her, which they both loved. He was kind of nervous about performing, so he kept putting off her offers to suck his cock, which she was cool with at first. Eventually, though, she started getting offended that he didn't want his dick sucked - "am I not pretty enough" type of thing - and so he acquiesced."

"Things did not go well. He said it felt awesome and he thought she was really hot, but he couldn't pop full wood. He says he got to about three quarters mast, but it took about ten minutes and Emily's jaw got tired. She was feeling upset, so he told her that he's never been able to cum from a blowjob for some reason. She said she'd heard of that and it was okay, so he could fuck her instead to get off."

"So now Dustin is in major panic mode. On the one hand he's so happy to have the chance to fuck a hot girl, but on the other hand he's even more nervous. So they start making out, he eats her out again, his dick is getting kind of hard, she tells him she's ready to get fucked...anyways, long story short they did not fuck and that was the end of that fling."

"That's shitty," Jenna said. "Poor guy. And poor girl. It sounds like they both felt like crap for that relationship."

"Pretty much," Christian agreed. "So Dustin, being the reasonable guy that he is, figures he'll try some viagra to help him get an erection. So the next girl that he dated - Samantha - pretty much the same scenario, but he let her go at his cock as soon as she asks to suck it. And..."

"...much to his dismay, he has the same problem," Jenna finished. "Because sildenafil doesn't usually work if it's an anxiety issue, only if it's a blood flow issue."

"Sounds about right to me, Miss Smarty Pants," Christian smiled. "Have I told you how sexy you look when you say smart stuff?"

Jenna stuck out her tongue in reply.

"So the viagra isn't working, and the blowjob is a bust. Samantha didn't offer up her pussy as a consolation prize, but they did try a few more times on a few other occasions. Sam seemed cool with things, but Dustin was so bummed and embarrassed he just ended things. He's dated a couple of other girls and tried getting drunk, tried looking at porn in the bathroom to get hard, tried giving up jerking off for two weeks - the poor bastard - and nothing worked. So now he's pretty much a mess and I don't know what he's going to do."

"That sucks," Jenna said, lying back on the bed beside Christian. "I'm glad I didn't ask you when you got home. I think that story would have killed my porn-induced urge to fuck you."

"At least the porn is working for someone..." Christian teased.

"Too soon!" Jenna gasped. "On Dustin's behalf, too soon!"

"Sorry," Christian said sheepishly. "Poor guy."

Jenna put her head back on Christian's chest and nuzzled into him, thinking. Christian put his arms around her and held her. He loved the fact that she cared so much for other people even if she didn't know them that well (they had hung out with Dustin quite a few times, but the pair hadn't spent a ton of time together). She was a really good person and wished that he could say something to make her feel better. After a few minutes, Jenna propped herself (and her tits) back up to face Christian again.

"I've got the solution," Jenna stated.

"What took so long?" Christian teased. "The guy has only been suffering for nearly three years."

"You're lucky you have a nice cock or I would so kick you to the curb," Jenna growled. "Now do you want to hear my brilliance or not?"

"Of course I do!"

"You're going to tell Dustin to come over here and I'm going to let him fuck me," Jenna said with a triumphant smile on her face.

"I see," Christian said. "Well, you are better looking than Emily and Sam..."

"Well yes I am, but that's not why!" Jenna exclaimed. "The problem isn't that he needs a hotter girl to blow him or fuck him. The problem is that his confidence is shit and he needs someone to help him build it up. Once he sees how awesome and exciting sex can be he'll be itching to find a girl that will suck and fuck him."

"Which won't be a bad thing, since he's an awesome guy who won't turn into a sexual deviant," Christian clarified.

"Of course," Jenna agreed. "I wouldn't offer to do this for an asshole. But Dustin is really sweet and I feel really badly for him. It seems like the perfect situation to fix things: he knows you, you know me, we are completely infatuated with each other - yes, yes, I know you say we "love" each other but it's only been nine months and I still tell you it's impossible to clarify if it's love yet! Anyways, you and I have an open relationship of sorts and so it will all work out great!"

"And you want to flex your psych degree," Christian stated.

"...possibly, yes," Jenna quipped.

"Well, if you think it will help, I'm all for it," Christian said. "I think it's awesome that you're being so altruistic to help my friend. Although after fucking someone as gorgeous as you, you may ruin him for any future women..."

Jenna gave a coy smile. "Just like I've ruined you?"

"I hope so," Christian replied, before drawing his beautiful girlfriend into a deep kiss.

-------

"Hi Dustin!" Jenna said with her classic warm, welcoming, enthusiastic smile. "Thanks for coming over."

"No problem," Dustin replied, smiling back and blushing a bit. "I'm always happy to help. So where's your computer?"

"It's in the next room," Jenna replied. "But let's chat for a bit first. I haven't seen you in a couple of months and I have no idea what's been happening with you."

Jenna locked the door and led Dustin into the living room. She had asked Christian to tell Dustin she was having a problem with her computer and was hoping he could take a look at it, given his Comp Sci major. As Jenna followed Dustin into the living room, she felt a tingle in her pussy in anticipation of what she was going to do. Jenna loved sex - she always had. Her orgasms were powerful and multiple, and she could ejaculate pretty easily to have an even more intense cum. She also really got off on the idea of being a slut, even though she balked at the term. The idea of letting Dustin essentially "use" her body was definitely getting her wet.

And looking at Dustin with new eyes, she figured she would enjoy it. As discussed with her boyfriend, Dustin was a pretty good looking guy. He was just under six feet and seemed to keep himself in pretty good shape. He had similar hair to Christian but was totally clean shaven. His face wasn't quite as handsome, but he definitely wasn't hard on the eyes at all. Christian had never seen his cock before, so that remained to be seen, but otherwise everything else looked like it would work for her.

The pair sat and talked for about fifteen minutes, discussing classes and mutual friends. After settling in, Dustin seemed more relaxed around Jenna, whom he really did like but always initially felt awkward around her since she was so damn good looking. 

"So I have two favors to ask you," Jenna said after a pause in conversation.

"One is about a computer," Dustin ventured. "And the other?"

"Well, you're right about the first one," Jenna agreed. "But probably not in the way that you think. Basically, I need you to promise to not be mad...twice."

Dustin laughed, "Well that should be pretty easy! I can't imagine why I could be mad at you. Okay, I promise."

"Okay," Jenna began. "Well, I'm going to use the first promise to have you not be mad at me for bringing you over here under false pretenses. My computer is totally fine."

"Oh?" Dustin asked, sounding confused. "Well then why did you bring me over here?"

"Well, that's regarding promise number two," Jenna replied. "And I actually didn't specify that both were for you to not be mad at me. I actually need you to not be mad at Christian."

"Okay..."

"Christian told me about the problem you've been having with your penis," Jenna stated, figuring it was best to be blunt.

Dustin turned the brightest shade of red possible, clearly due to a combination of anger and embarrassment. All he could do was look down and say "Fuck."

"I know, I know," Jenna began, walking over to sit beside Dustin and putting her hand on his arm. "I know it has to be really embarrassing to talk about, especially with someone like me who you really don't know that well. But I think I have a solution to help you figure this out."

Dustin looked up at her, perplexed, "What? Really?"

"Really," Jenna replied, smiling and nodding. "When Christian told me the story - and he only told me because he knew I would never tell anyone else no matter what - I felt so badly for you. But I also knew why you have been having this issue and I think I know how to help fix it. So I just had to talk to you to tell you my idea."

Dustin stood up and walked around the room, periodically stopping as if to say something and then pacing again. Eventually he said, "Can I please use your washroom?"

"Of course," Jenna replied.

Dustin went to the washroom and Jenna got him a glass of water. When he returned he drank it down quickly and she brought him another. Both sat down on the couch, facing each other.

"Okay, I'm really freaked out right now," Dustin said. "I hear you that you want to help, but I'm feeling really embarrassed. So I'll definitely hear what you have to say, but then I'm going to leave so I can work this out in my head."

"Alright," Jenna said. "Here is goes: I think you're having some major anxiety about sex. That's totally normal. Everyone does at first, and for some people it's more than with others. Eventually you'll figure things out, but I think you've had enough demoralizing scenarios in the sex department that you could really use a free pass to just make things better faster. I think you need a really positive sex experience so that you feel more comfortable and confident with sex. Once you've had that, it should be way easier to have fulfilling sex with future partners. So, if you would like, I would be happy to have sex with you to give you that confidence."

"Wow," Dustin managed after a few moments of stunned silence. "Ummm, 'thank you'?"

"You're welcome," Jenna said, smiling. "You're a great guy, Dustin. You deserve it."

"It's amazing to me that you think so," Dustin said. "So what do we do?"

"We have sex, silly!" Jenna giggled. "We're going to figure this out together. Now I know I'm springing this on you - can you do this now or do you want to come back later?"

"Now is good," Dustin said, a little too fast. "But how are we going to make it so I don't have the same problem again?"

"We'll take things as they come," Jenna replied. "Which is hopefully something we'll both be doing soon..."

Dustin laughed, "You're awesome, Jenna. Thanks so much for doing this. I'm still worried it won't work, but I'm more than willing to try. Christian is obviously cool with this? I know you two are pretty open..."

"Yep, he's totally fine with it," Jenna replied. "Now why don't you go hop in the shower. If you need to do any manscaping, Christian's stuff is in there. I already washed up before you came over since I was hoping you would take me up on my offer."

"Really?" Dustin asked. "I mean, I know you're doing this to be nice, which I really appreciate. But do you, you know, actually want to?"

"One surefire way to know if a girl is turned on is to see if her pussy gets wet," Jenna said. "Check mine."

"Are you sure?" Dustin asked, hesitantly.

"Rule one for today," Jenna began. "I am good to do anything today. Literally anything. That means you don't have to double check anything with me. If I'm not okay with something I'll tell you. You obviously have to check with other girls. But the girls who told you they wanted to suck your cock or have you fuck them - they gave you the green light. When you get the green light, go for it. Be confident. If they change their minds or tell you to stop, that's different. But if they are moaning, telling you to go harder, whatever, then go for it. Be confident, even if you don't feel that way! Okay?"

"Got it," Dustin said, smiling. 

With that, he stood up and took Jenna's hands to stand her up, too. She was wearing a low-cut flower print summer dress that really showed off her tits nicely. Dustin lifted up her skirt and saw she wasn't wearing any panties. Although he could see the sheen of pussy juice on her labia, he rubbed a finger over her pussy lips anyways. Sure enough, it came back dripping.

"It looks like you are excited," Dustin said, smiling.

"You know it," Jenna said, looking up at him with her beautiful blue eyes. Not breaking eye contact, she took his hand and sucked the pussy juice-coated finger into her mouth, sucking it clean.

Dustin felt a twitch in his pants and he smiled.

"Go hop in the shower," Jenna ordered. "This pussy isn't going to lick itself!"

Dustin showered quickly. He was already manscaped and he had brushed his teeth before coming over, so he was pretty much good to go. Not really knowing what Jenna would prefer - and not really sure what a confident guy would do - he opted to put his clothes back on and head back to the living room. When he arrived, Jenna was leaning back on the couch, with her dress pulled up, her legs spread, and one hand gently rubbing her clit. Her other hand was holding one of her big tits which she had lifted to her mouth to allow her to suck on her own nipple.

"Holy shit," Dustin breathed when he saw her. "Fuck." 

Jenna looked up and smiled. Her eyes were still kind and sweet but they had a lustful glaze over them, like someone who is really ready to get off. "You like what you see?"
