 Janice sat in the front row of the lecture hall. She came early everyday and refused to pack up her books until the professor, Dr. Reginald Johnson, concluded his lectures. Dr. Johnson flashed her a quick smile every time he mounted his podium, but he didn't consider her an exemplary student or much different from any other undergrad co-ed, except that she was quite a looker. She had angelic blonde hair, full lips and long legs. He once thought she came to class with a skirt and no panties, then flashed him right in the middle of a lecture on sexual dysfunction. He later dismissed the notion as wishful thinking.

After class on a sunny afternoon, Janice approached the professor as he packed up his books and papers.

"Dr. Johnson, if you have a moment, I'd like to discuss my research project with you," she said.

"Actually, Janice I was about to leave," Dr. Johnson said. "I have a faculty meeting in a few minutes."

"Please, it won't take long."

Janice reached out with long, slender fingers to grasp his arm. He found her touch irresistible.

"You make it so difficult to say no," he said. "Please come to my office."

Dr. Johnson sat in the big, leather chair behind his desk. When most students discuss term papers with the professor, they take a seat on the other side of the desk in the red chair. But Janice dragged the red chair around, so she could sit close. It was a bit too close for Dr. Johnson. He would've told her to go around to the other side, but he was enjoying the flowery scent of her perfume.

"So, what's your project topic?" he asked, tapping out his pipe in a garbage can.

"Well, I was thinking about doing my paper on the book by that Russian psychologist, Igor Vasputin," she said.

"Ah yes, 'Sexual Phenomena In The Post-Freudian Era.' Fine book, fine book," Dr. Johnson said.

"I think so, too. I really enjoyed his man-beast theory."

"Yes, yes. Very intriguing, isn't it? It's an interesting notion to suggest that a man reverts to beasthood during sexual intercourse, that somehow his mental wires get crossed and he becomes something of an ape. Very Darwinian, isn't it? Of course, your realize all this is theory and highly improbable."

"But Dr. Johnson, I believe I can prove the theory."

He offered her a fatherly smile. She found it demeaning, although that's not how he meant it.

"Janice, my dear, I admire your ambition," he said. "But I must say that the most learned psychoanalysts in the world have tried to do just that and failed. What would you do they haven't?"

Janice leaned forward and put her hand on the bulge in his courduroys. She rubbed him gently.

"One thing I've noticed about the books you've assigned is that they're all written by men," she said. "I believe it's time for a female perspective."

Janice unzipped his pants and dug out his fully-erect cock. He had a big dick for someone with three Ph.Ds. It stuck straight up like the bell tower at the center of campus.

"You see, Dr. Johnson, women tend to see these matters in a different light," Janice said. "A smart, mild-mannered man like you goes all to pieces the moment a woman touches his genitals."

Janice wrapped her wet, red lips around the head of his dick. She slowly slid her lips down his shaft. A quarter of the way down she came back up. Then down again, taking in half the cock. The third time, Janice took the whole dick into her mouth. Her head started bobbing. Dr. Johnson unleashed a beastly moan. Janice took her lips off his cock and looked up at him.

"Peculiar sound, Dr. Johnson," Janice said. "I think that if you listen to a tape of baboons making love in the wild you'll find it very similar to the sounds you're making now."

Janice went back to sucking. Her sparkling blue eyes locked with his as her head made like a sewing needle. She contorted her mouth to hit all the right pressure points. Dr. Johnson couldn't help but wonder how long she studied blow jobs before mastering it. Must've been years. He wondered if she practiced on a cucumber.

Just as the cum started to rise, Janice pulled back her head and gently massaged his balls.

"Not yet," she said. "I still have one other point to my thesis. Here it is: You are a very polite man, Dr. Johnson. But I predict that you will soon shed your Ivy League manners and take on the qualities of an ape."

Janice slid off her skirt and pink, frilly panties. He marveled at her pubic hairs. They were blonde and shaved into a thin strip. She helped him pull off his pants.

"Please lay on your desk," Janice said. 

She lowered her hot, wet snatch onto his rod. She worked her body up and down and watched the tension rise on his face. Dr. Johnson looked like a guy Janice had seen in an old werewolf movie. She thought of the scene that showed the man transforming into a hairy beast. Dr. Johnson scrunched up his nose and wrinkled the corners of his eyes until he couldn't stand it anymore. He thrust her off him.

"My turn," he growled.

Dr. Johnson bent her over the desk. 

"Want to see a beast? he said. "I'll show you a beast."

He slammed his prick inside her pussy. The impact sent a pleasant tingle up her spine. Dr. Johnson pumped her hard and fast. He grunted. She moaned. Both knew they were being too loud. A student passing in the hall would be able to hear them for sure, but they didn't care.

"So," Janice said as Dr. Johnson worked his cock. "I think you see what I mean."

Her words came out in a stutter.

"Why are you talking?" Dr. Johnson said. "Know what? I think you need my dick in your mouth again. On your knees."

She obeyed. Janice grabbed the base of his dick. Her lips were about to touch the head when she looked up and smiled, as if to say "I told you so." He shoved his cock at her, poking her in the nose.

"Go ahead, suck it," he said.

Janice blew him with crazy fury. On every stroke, her mouth engulfed every inch of his dick. He moaned and grabbed her by the hair. He pulled it until she grunted. When he felt the jizz rising, he held her head in place, so she couldn't pull out like last time. His wad blasted into her mouth. The cum shot out in long spurts. Janice could barely hold it all in. When the last drop fell from his cock, she opened her mouth and waggled her tongue at him. A small stream of cum sliped out. She closed her mouth, swallowed and opened wide again.

"All gone," she said.

As they got dressed, Dr. Johnson re-evolved back into a mild-mannered professor. Janice smiled smugly.

"Well, do you think my argument holds water, Dr. Johnson?" she asked.

"There could be something to it," he said.

"So, do I get an A?"

"Yes, but I must admit -- you've frightened me."

"Why's that?"

"The next project is on the psychology of toilet training," he said. "And I can't imagine what you have planned for that."