 Peter cannot believe how this evening has turned out, he was hardly ever invited to any of the popular parties, but here he was, dancing with one of the most popular and sexy girls in his year at college, Nikki Ashby, long black hair, green eyes, large soft breasts and a sexy, aloof, air. 

Even as they dance, she hangs back, checking her phone and chewing bubblegum. Every question he asks is met with one-word answers.

"Hey this music is really good, do you like it?" He said.

"Yeah." She said, looking around.

"It's good to take a night off studying, right?" 

"Whatever." 

He smiles at her, as they dance. She rolls her eyes and scans the room again. 

'Damn,' she thinks, 'if Scott doesn't turn up soon and see me dancing with this loser, then what am I doing?'

She looks him up and down, skinny, cheap clothes and a big eager to please smile on his face. Not ugly by any stretch of the imagination, just forgettable.

'Is she even interested in me?' He thinks, and all of a sudden he feels very self aware and awkward, dancing next to such a good-looking girl. But when he slows down and starts to consider backing off and skulking away to some corner, she grabs his belt buckle and pulls him in close. He can smell her spicy perfume, and feels the warmth of her body as she dances close to him. She grabs his collar and stares him straight in the eye, and blows a huge bubble with her gum. For a second he feels something, like all of the power in their embrace is with her. She checks on her phone again and sighs.

"Did you like art history?" He blurts out over the music, and she frowns at him.

"Why are you asking me about art history?" She said and checks her phone again.

"I let you copy my work a few times, last semester? I sat behind you."

She looks at him, and then spins around in time with the music, flicking her hair in his face. Her short, loose skirt whirls and lift, giving him a glimpse of her tanned thighs as she pushes her round ass into his crotch. Her sexy perfume wafts and she puts her arm behind her and runs her hand down his face. He awkwardly puts his hands on her hips as she stars to gyrate to the music, and he flushes with embarrassment when he realises that he has become instantly aroused. 

"Yeah, art history was so boring, I just thought it would be an easy class, wow you really enjoy being behind me, huh?" She said, grinding against his arousal.

"You're really pretty." He blurts out.

"Thanks." she said, looking around the room. 

She checks her phone again, 'Where are you Scott?' 

Her friends dance up next to her and look her dance partner up and down. 

"Is this guy bothering you?" Lucy Anne asks, a tall slim redhead with bright blue eyes.

Devon, the gorgeous blonde, head of the college cheerleading squad, covers her mouth as she laughs at his dancing, and leans into Nikki. 

"Are you dumping Scott for this guy?" She asks.

"Oh, no, this is Paul." Nikki says, laughing.

"Peter." He says.

"Yeah, right." She says and asks Devon, "Is Scott with Ryan?"

Devon shrugs. "I know that Ryan is trying to buy pot, for tomorrow. Are you coming?"

"Yeah, tomorrow? But I need a new bikini."

"No, are you coming now?" Devon says, glancing at Peter. 

"I'm gonna wait for Scott." Nikki says.

The girls brush past Peter, giggling at him, he flushes as their perfect bodies push past him. 

"What's happening tomorrow?" He asks Nikki.

"A bunch of us are going to the beach." She says. A message flashes up on her phone. 

'Gonna be late babe, cruising with the boys.'

'Cruising,' She thinks, 'what a loser.' 

The only reason she dates him is he is on the football team, and has a good body, she looks Paul, Peter, whatever, up and down and thinks what Scott, who is two years older, would do to him if he saw him dancing with her, or if she told him more had happened between them. 

On instinct she grabs Peter's hand and pulls him to the edge of the dance floor, flopping down onto one of the sofas. He is flushed, red creeps over his cheeks, and she twists her body so that her skirt rides up and her breast are thrust outwards, as if she wasn't alluring enough already. 

"Come here." She says, and he sidles up to her. She puts her soft hand on his face and kisses him, her tongue gently probes his mouth. He is instantly hard in his jeans, and flinches as her hand wanders to his leg. She flicks her hair and checks her phone, 

"You're so beautiful." He tells her. 

"Uh hum." She replies. 

"I've liked you since we started college, you were always so pretty and cool."

"Gross," She says, still scrolling her phone, then fixes him with her green eyes, "What are you? Like a stalker or something?"

"No, no." He says, starting to trip over his words. "I just meant that..." 

She fires off a reply to Scott. 'Whatever, I'll entertain myself.'

Shut up, she tells Peter, who is still stumbling over his words, and she grabs his shirt collar and pulls him in for another kiss, opening her legs wide as she does so, he is pulled forward almost to his knees as her tongue explores his mouth, and his hands hang between her legs, he can feel the heat from between them. His mind races, his cock stiffens, she is intensely beautiful, the girl he has lusted after from afar for the entire time he has been at college, but she is also abrupt and aloof, and very much in control. 

She stands up and smoothes out her skirt and takes his hand, "come on" She says and pulls him out to the hall and leads him up the stairs. People watch the hot girl dragging the pasty nerd upstairs, he flushes as he is almost sure they can see his erection through his jeans, which shows no signs of abating as couples flash past on the stairs and his whole view is Nikki's plump backside wriggling in the flimsy skirt, and flashes of her thighs. 

She opens a few doors until she finds an empty bedroom and pulls him in, closing the door behind him. They kiss again, she presses her body into his. His hands are shaking as he tentatively cups her buttocks. She sits down on the bed and checks her phone again. 

He looks around. "Whose room is this?" He asks her, looking at the sports illustrated posters and beer bottle pyramid.

"Who cares? Some jock douchbag." She said, her face wrinkles into a frown that only makes her look sexier to him. She opens her legs, showing him her red satin panties. 

"Are we going to have sex?" He whispers, and she laughs at him. 

"We just met." She says. 

"Sorry." He says, "I didn't mean, I wasn't saying." She watches him for a while with coy amusement, the outline of his erection visible through his jeans as he stumbles over his words. Eventually she rolls her eyes and tells him to shush. 

"It's okay," she says, "We're not going to fuck, but, I'll tell you what, you can go down on me."

"Okay," he says, his eyes widen, "I'll definitely do that." 

She grins, shakes her hair and then lies back on the bed. 

She plugs her earphones into her phone and turns her music on and casually opens her legs. 

She starts to listen to an album she downloaded earlier that day and scrolls through some photos she took the day before, uploading a few. He puts his head between her legs, staring at the red silk panties, feeling the heat from her crotch. 

"It's gonna be easier if you take my panties off," She says, loud over her music. 

He takes the sexy underwear and pulls them down, amazed at the sight of her naked pussy, feeling the warm silky panties in his hand, 'am I dreaming?' He thinks. 

"Fold them," She says without looking down, "They cost more than your whole outfit."

"Sorry." He says, and carefully folds them. 

He puts his head back between her legs and stares at her pussy, a moist pink slit between her tanned legs, he breathes in, her scent, he breathes deeper, and deeper and deeper still until his head is filled with her scent, stage fright. She lifts her skirt up and looks down at him. 

"What are you doing?" She asks with impatience in her voice. 

"Do I just lick?" He asks meekly.

She rolls her eyes and lies back. "Forget it," She says and pushes him away with her knee. 

"Wait," he says, and opens her legs again, "I'll do it, I'll do whatever you say."

She looks at his imploring eyes as he stares at her from between her legs. 

"Fine," She says and checks her phone again, She sits up and grabs him and says, 

"Do to my pussy what I do to your mouth," And she kisses him hard, sucking at his lips and sliding her tongue in and out. She pushes him back and lies back down on the bed. 

"Now get on with it." She said, dismissively. 

She scrolls back through her phone, checking twitter and looking though her music, and feels his mouth as he starts working on her. She twitches and shifts position. His mouth is warm, and she has to admit that he is determined, sucking, licking, kissing and sliding his tongue in and out, just like she showed him. 

She tries to concentrate on her phone but he is growing bolder, and she giggles as his tongue slides deeper between her moistening lips. He prises her pussy apart and sucks at the pink middle, and she cannot help but let out a delighted squeal, covering her mouth. 

"Did I hurt you?" He asks, looking concerned.

"Don't stop, dummy." She tells him, and he sets back to work, bolder still, he grips her thighs and pulls her legs further apart. 

She wriggles her butt and lifts her legs off the bed and he moves his head and goes deeper still. She drops her phone besides her and puts her head back and lets out another moan. His eyes are closed tight now, his mouth and nose are buried in her and he is lost in the pursuit of her pleasure. 

She grips the back of his head and pushes his head further into her crotch until his nose is pressed flat and grinding against her pelvis. She rides his face with abandon now, sliding herself up and down the whole length of him, his whole face is slick with her juices and he is in a cloud of her musty, spicy scent. She climaxes with a shudder, and doesn't let go of his head for another long minute, as he sucks and licks away at her until he is released, only then remembering to breathe, huge sucking breathes, his eyes watering, his face flushed and slick with her juice. 

"Holy fucking shit." She exclaims, looking at him in amazement. She quickly regains her composure, giggling as she realises she has swallowed her gum. 

"Did I do it right?" He asks. She is out of breath, her hair mussed, her cheeks flushed. Her breasts heave up and down. 

"It was okay." She said. He looks disappointed. "You're a virgin, right?" She said, and he nods, looking down at the floor. 

'I can't believe I messed it up,' he thinks, 'my big chance, I thought she liked it, it sounded like she did.'

"I can do it better." He tells her. "If you will let me."

She pretends to think about it for a minute and then says. "Okay, whatever, put your number in my phone." 

His hands shake as he types the number. 

"Now slide my panties back on, I have to go." She tells him, and he does this, taking one last look at her pussy. 

She stands up, smoothes out her skirt, and he stands up to. 

"Stay here for a while, I don't want people to see us leave together." She tells him.

"And if I want my pussy eating again, maybe I'll give you a call." 

"Okay," He says, and goes in for a kiss. She pushes him away and laughs.

"Gross." She says. 

"I'll do better next time." He promises.

"Whatever." She says, and brushes past him, and as she walks down the stairs, her legs are still trembling, 'keep 'em keen,' she tells herself, 'I'll do better next time,' it would take something to make her cum harder than that, she grins as she thinks of his eager face, and the wet patch she left on the bedspread.