 I write this story with some hesitation. I had been trying to forget it happened and put it in the back of my mind. But it will always be there. Maybe in doing this somehow I will help me get over what happened.

* *** ***** ***** *****

I needed a break from college and had to get away. I had gotten involved with a married lady and I didn't know she was married until after she left, from her brief visit at the college to see her friend. It worked out well one of my high school friend Craig had recently bought his first house and was having a party to celebrate the event.

My hour and half drive I wondered if I was doing the right thing by jumping town. Renee was the woman I became involved with. She was amazing. But she never told me she was married. Several times I wanted to turn around and go back. I was now 15 minutes from my home town and decided going to my friends place was best.

My parents had moved to another town and Craig had invited me to spend the night. Craig was a nice guy. Smart with computers. We didn't have much in common as I was into sports and he could care less about sports. But somehow we became friends.

Craig greeted me at the door with his new girlfriend Cindy. One thing stood out about Cindy. She had huge boobs! Not just big but huge. FF big! She had short brown hair. A bit of an acne problem and about 40 lbs overweight. 

Craig had defiantly dated a lot better. After getting to know her a bit I could see where there was an attraction he would have towards her. She was very friendly and touching Craig in a flirty way.

Cindy excused herself to go to the bathroom and make us some pre party drinks. When she left Craig asked, "Well what do you think of Cindy?"

I replied, "She seems very nice."

Craig said, "Nice, yes she is nice. But did you see those huge boobs! She is a fucking nympho in bed. I can't keep up with her."

I laughed and said, "Well then you have it made!"

We were getting a bit of a buzz on before people started to show up. By the time people showed up we were not feeling any pain! It was a good party. Nice to see old friends. As the party started to an end I realized I hadn't really seen much of Craig's house.

Craig was busy mixing up a few more drinks so I said, "Hey Cindy, how about you give me a quick tour."

Cindy took me upstairs and showed me the 2 bedrooms and office area. I was looking over the office area with all of Craig's computer stuff and didn't see Cindy turn to leave and she stumbled into me and started to fall.

I caught her just in time with my right hand landing on her right breast. As she got situated I had kept my hand on her breast. I had never felt boobs this big before and I started to massage it. I saw Cindy close her eyes slightly and bite her lower for a brief second.

"What are you doing?" Cindy asked.

"I am feeling your amazing breast." I answered as I ran my finger across her hard nipple.

"You shouldn't be doing that." She said.

I slid my hand inside her blouse and bra and stroked her hard nipple. "Are you sure Cindy?"

"Mmmmm umm aahh, pretty sure."

I leaned in and gently kissed her on the lips. She responded by kissing me back. We continued to kiss as I unbuttoned her blouse exposing her bra and large breasts that were bursting to get out of her white bra. I pulled down the cup of the bra to her left breast. 

I propped up her breast with my hand and looked down at it. "Jesus Christ Cindy, you are amazing." Her nipple had to be at least 3 inches across and her nipple was like a hard piece of rubber.

I had to have that nipple in my mouth. I lifted her breast to my mouth and took her nipple into my mouth. I rolled my tongue across it and gently started to nibble on it.

"Mmmmm god that feels good. But we need to stop before Craig catches us."

By now my cock was fully hard and running down my pant leg looking for a way to escape. I took Cindy's hand and put it on my cock. "Look what you did to me Cindy. Do you really want me to stop?"

"Holy fuck Brian you are big."

She didn't ask me to stop. I released her other breast and gave both breasts the royal treatment they disserved. She rubbed my cock outside my pants while I enjoyed her breasts like a fine meal. 

"Cindy? Brian? You guys upstairs?" Craig yelled.

"Yes we are. I was just showing Brian the upstairs." Answered Cindy.

"Ok come on down soon. Not many people left here."

Cindy quickly got herself together and I tried to reposition my hard cock to hide it somewhat. We turned to go back downstairs when I said, "Cindy?"

She turned towards me and I pulled her into my arms and kissed her deeply as our tongues played with each other. She broke off the kiss and said, "Fuck Brian you are so hot why are you doing this to me?"

I smiled and said, "I think you know why."

We went back downstairs and there was one other couple left. We sat around and talked a bit. I noticed Cindy kept whispering to Craig and he kept looking my way. Shit Cindy was spilling the beans on me. I know I was wrong to do it. But it also seemed that there was no serious relationship between them.

The other couple finally left. We decided to turn into for the night. As I was going to head upstairs to the guest room Craig said, "Just a minute Brian I need to talk to you."

Shit, I broke into a sweet. Here it comes.

"Cindy was telling me that she thinks you are really good looking and sexy. Told me she was surprised I never told her about you. If you are interested, I decided to give Cindy a hall pass to spend the night with you. Are you interested?"

I couldn't believe what I was hearing. I looked at Cindy and she had a big smile on her face. "Ummm geez Craig are you sure about this?"

"Absolutely. You two can have my bedroom."

"Craig, Cindy, I don't know how I could turn down such an offer."

Cindy came over and took my hand and led me to Craig's bedroom and I closed the door behind us.

I undressed myself as Cindy undressed herself. Seeing those huge breasts hanging down and large pinkish nipples was a sight that is hard to put in words. I turned on the light next to the bed and turned off the overhead light. I like it dark but I wanted to be able to see her. 

Cindy didn't waste any time. We didn't even kiss. My cock was already hard. "Ever since I touched that cock I wanted to know what it would be like to suck and fuck." She said.

With that being said she had me lay down in bed and she started to suck my cock. She was taking me almost all the way right away. It was wet and sloppy but felt really good. After a few minutes she moved so that now her pussy was right over my face. I guess she wanted a little 69 so she could enjoy the moment too.

I could already see her pussy was wet and she was dripping some of her fluid that landed on my chin. I didn't give her any tease. I rammed my tongue as deep as I could inside her pussy. She had a slight bitter taste but not bad.

She switched from sucking my cock to sucking and licking my balls. Occasionally I felt her tongue rim my asshole. I slid two fingers inside her wet pussy and moved my lips to her clit. Sucking and nibbling on her clit and finger fucking her pussy she came in 30 seconds. I kept going and in another minute she came really hard.

"Oh oh oh oh oh fuckkkkk." She came showering my face with her sex.

She rolled off me and said, "Fuck me with that big cock."

She was on her back with her legs spread and knees up. 

"Does Craig have any condoms in here?" I asked.

She laughed, "They would be too small for you! It's ok, I am safe."

With that I guided my hard cock into her hot wet pussy. My god she was wet and her pussy was on fire. I arched my back up and kept my arms straight so I could see her big tits bounce with each hard thrust. Occasionally I would dip my head to suck her nipple that was all puckered up.

As I wiped off a bead of sweat from my forehead I saw in the mirror that the bedroom door was slightly open. As I thrust hard into Cindy I looked again at the door. There I could make out it was Craig peeking through the small opening. I could see movement. A third look and yes he was jerking off watching us. 

I didn't care. He was giving me his girlfriend for the night. Let him watch. In fact, it was a bit of a turn on.

"Uh uh uh uh" She said as I pounded her pussy hard. My balls were filled with semen and were in need of being emptied. 

"Oh fuck Cindy I am cummmming." I said as I felt 5 ropes of my seed fill her wet pussy. I fell on top of her big tits and continued to hump her. Her legs wrapped around me tight and she ground her pelvis into my pelvis and with a couple of grunts she came.

The next two hours were a blur to me. Every time I would start to get a soft she was there with an amazing blow job getting me hard. She rode me cowgirl and reverse cowgirl. Cindy had a short trigger as it never took her long to have an orgasm. Every orgasm seemed to be more powerful than the prior one. Several times I noticed Craig came and went from the door. Each time he would be jerking himself off.

I was almost relieved when Cindy said, "Fuck that was good. I felt so full and I never have had so many orgasms before. I still didn't get to live my fantasy and tit fucks her. But I don't think my cock could get up again. 

We kissed a bit then turned off the light and fell asleep.

I had been sleeping for only a couple of hours when I felt Cindy's hand on my cock and her tongue licking the underside of my cock bringing it back to life. I spread my legs giving her better access to me. This time she was taking her time. Slowly she took the head of my cock into her mouth. Circling the head with her tongue, taking me a little deeper with each rotation of her tongue. I just laid there enjoying her skills.

My cock made a pop noise as it fell from her mouth. Then she again sucked and licked my balls and again rimmed my ass with her hot tongue. While doing this she slowly started to stroke my cock. I could feel that wonderful pressure building up again. She could sense it.

She returned to sucking my cock as she stroked my hard cock. I couldn't wait to cum because afterwards I was going to tit fuck her until I came again. 

It was time. I shot my seed into her mouth. She sucked on my cock even harder not spilling a drop. My cock was throbbing as it kept empting more and more of my seed. Then without saying a word she slid off the end of the bed. I heard her walk across the room and close the door.

What the fuck? She left me. What happened to round 2, 3 and 4? I guess I should be happy with what I got. I am sure she is going to wake up Craig and fuck his brains out.

I rolled over on my side when I felt naked flesh next to me. Bringing my hand up I touched Cindy's large breasts. What?

I just lay there thinking about what just happened. Was that a dream? No I know for sure I just got a blow job. Holy shit, it had to be Craig. I mean I had some thoughts he seemed a bit different. But he would never sneak in and give a good friend a blow job. Would he?

I barley slept the rest of the night. I decided I was going to sneak out of the house before Craig woke up. But first there was my fantasy.

It was about 5 a.m. and I started to suck on Cindy's nipples bringing her slowly awake. My hand was playing with her pussy lips ever so lightly. She began to rotate her hips. I slid my finger inside her and gently stroked her G spot. It didn't take long before she was moaning and having a small orgasm. I continued to play with her pussy. But now I moved my fingers to her clit. She was already warmed up and ready and horny I started to rub her clit fast and hard. 

"Oh oh oh fuck." she whispered loudly.

I moved on top of her and whispered in her ear. "Try to be quiet so we don't wake Craig."

My cock easily slid inside her already wet pussy. I fucked her hard for about 2 minutes and she came again and muffled her orgasm into the pillow.

Now it was my turn to do what I have wanted to since I first saw her. I moved up and put my big hard wet cock between her boobs. She pushed her boobs together and I started to fuck her tits. They were so big that just the tip of my cock would poke out with each stroke. 

After a few minutes of good tit fucking I shot my first load on her neck. Pulling my cock from between her tits I jerked myself off directing my cum onto her tits. When I finished it was like a messy piece of art. But I liked it. Cindy sat up a bit taking the head of my cock into her mouth and sucking the remaining cum out of me.

I whispered, "Cindy I hate to do this, but I have to get back to college. I have a big test to study for."

Cindy was rubbing my cum into her boobs. Then she said, "That's ok. Thank you for last night and this morning. I am going to wait for Craig to wake up then come in here. I wonder if he will notice if my tits taste different."

I didn't bother to shower. I quickly got dressed and left the house as silently as possible.

Craig broke up with Cindy a month later. He married and had a couple of kids. I still see him occasionally. But neither of us ever brought up that night.