 I was in my second year of college. I attended a small college in a town with a population of 12,000. The school was known as a power house for hockey. I enjoyed hockey but my sport was wrestling which now had developed my body into a lean muscular body. 

I had a partial scholarship but money was still tight. I would do odd jobs here and there to make ends meet. A friend of mine who worked at a men's clothing store approached me and some of my friends about being in a style show for the store he works for. We were to model clothes for a bunch of women in hoping they would buy them for their husbands. They would pay each of us $40 and we would get a $10 gift certificate to a local bar. How could I turn this down!

We showed up at the hotel where the clothing store rented a conference room for the show. The ladies were enjoying the free wine a little bit too much. 

We each had 4 outfits to wear. First one I wore was a suit and tie. The ladies were making comments as we took our turn walking down the runway and up onto a platform about how good we looked. Next we wore casual wear and again the ladies were not shy on letting us know they liked our look.

After that there was a 15 minute break for the ladies to fill the wine glasses. Once they were seated we came out in pajamas. Walking down the aisle I felt several women grab my butt and a couple of them pinched my butt. I had fun with it and just gave them a smile and a wink. Plus most of these ladies were in there mid 30's or early 40's and were pretty hot ladies. Several of the other guys experienced the same thing.

The final outfit we wore was swim trunks. This was back in the day when swim trunks were tight and short. To be honest, I was getting a bit aroused by some of these ladies. When I put on my swim trunks the guys started to laugh as my bulge was very obvious. 

"Fuck, what am I going to do now?" I asked my friend Kevin.

Kevin answered, "Just go have fun. These drunk ladies will love it."

As I walked down the aisle I could not even count how many women had grabbed my butt. One lady while grabbing my butt had grabbed low enough to where she cupped my balls. That made my cock twitch and grow harder. 

By the time I reached the platform I was really showing a bulge. The women where whistling and saying things like, "You can home with me baby."

I decided to ham it up a bit and I flexed my stomach showing my six pack. That got them going even more. "My husband is out of town, come on over honey." I heard. 

As I walked back a lady in the front row reached out and put a $5 bill in the side of my trunks. A bunch of the women laughed and as I looked up I saw a bunch of ladies digging into their purses. I took my time walking back as more ladies stuffed money into my waist band. When I got back I made and extra $63!

The other guys had similar luck. Afterwards we were invited by the owner of the store to enjoy some wine and appetizers. We changed into our regular clothes and went out for some food and booze.

Some ladies came up and visited with us. Some gave me more money saying, "I was too far away from the aisle and didn't get to tip you." One lady in particular took a $20 bill and held it up showing the ladies and slid the money into my pocket sliding her hand deep down and copped a feel of my semi hard cock. The ladies cheered as it was obvious what she did.

Things settled down as some of the women started to leave. An attractive lady who later I found out was 40 came up to me and started to talk with me.

"Hi, my name is Barb. Are you a professional model?"

Hi Barb, I'm Brian. No, none of us are. We go to college here and do this just to make a few bucks. Turned out with the tips we did a lot better than we expected!"

Barb laughed, "I guess so. What else do you do for extra money?"

"Well I have worked as a bouncer, given blood, helped move a couple into a house are a few things I have done."

"Well Brian, I hate yard work and my husband travels a lot. Would you be interested in doing chores around my house for $10 cash an hour?"

"That would be great, yes I would."

As she wrote her number down this is when I first noticed how attractive she was. She had black wavy hair about 4" past her shoulders. She stood 5'6" tall. About 135 lbs. She was showing some nice cleavage of C cup breasts and as she was writing her breasts moved just enough to reveal a nice tan line. As she handed me her number I noticed her nice straight white teeth as she smiled and dark green eyes.

"Give me a call when you are free." She handed me her number and walked away.

Kevin came up and said to me, "Wow who is she?"

"Barb, and I am going to do some yard work for her."

It was two weeks later and I had forgotten about Barb when my phone rang. My heart skipped a beat when I heard, "I Brian, this is Barb. Do you remember me?"

"I sure do. I was wondering if you were going to call. College guy always needs extra money." I joked.

"Good, can you come over today? My lawn needs mowing and hedges need trimming."

"Give me your address and I can be there in half an hour."

She gave me her address. I cleaned myself up a bit and headed over to her house.

She met me at the door wearing some very short shorts where just a bit of her butt peaked out and white T shirt that was tied in a not in the bottom showing off her tan flat stomach. I followed her to the garage and admired her nice ass and long legs. She opened the garage door and showed me where the lawn mower, gas and hedge clippers were.

"As you can tell my husband isn't much for yard work. You can empty the grass clippings into the wheelbarrow and I will dump them in our composite pile."

I started with mowing the front yard. Barb was hauling a lot of loads of clippings into the backyard composite pile. I trimmed up the hedges and she took them too. Every time she came back with the wheelbarrow I was enjoying my view. I would purposely spill some grass onto the ground so when she would bend over I got a nice view down her top. She was wearing a thin white bra and I could make out her areolas and they were becoming more distinct as she was sweating from the yard work. It even got to the point where her t shirt was getting wet and I could see her areolas through the shirt. 

I was getting hot and asked if she would mind if I took off my shirt. She laughed and joked by saying, "Take whatever you want off."

I joked back and said, "I will start with just my shirt."

As I peeled my shirt off I caught her looking at me. Her nipples grew hard and now were poking out her shirt. I could feel a stirring in my loins.

She had a fenced in backyard and when we moved to the backyard I was surprised to see a swimming pool. That meant a lot less mowing. When I was finished I was wet with sweat and so was Barb. By now I could see her dark areolas very clear. They were about the size of a 50 cent piece but when her nipples got hard they shrunk to the size of a quarter and her nipples stood a good half inch out.

I couldn't wait to get back to my dorm room and shower and jerk off thinking about Barb.

"You did a great job Brian. Would you like to take a dip in the pool and have a beer with me?"

"I would love too. Maybe next time, I will bring my swim trunks."

"Hang on, I think I might have a pair that will fit you." She disappeared into their little pool house. When she came out she had on a small two piece yellow swim suit. She looked like a goddess with her long wavy black hair, tan toned body. In one hand she had two beers and the other hand she had the swim trunks I wore when I was modeling!

"I am pretty sure these will fit you." She said with a big smile on her face.

"I had a feeling we would get hot and thought a cool dip in the pool would feel good. I wanted to surprise you with this as a little gift."

I could feel my cock start to grow just looking at Barb. Now I had to try to fit into this tight swim suit. I smiled and said, "Thank you." I took the suit and went into the pool room. I peeked out the window at her as I undressed. I was now fully hard. I took a hold of my cock and started to masturbate fast and hard and in a matter of seconds I shot 4 streams of cum on the wall. I got some tissue from the bathroom and wiped it up and flushed it. My cock had started to go soft so I quickly put on the swim suit and adjusted myself as best as I could so it wouldn't be so noticeable and stepped out of the pool house.

Barb was standing outside the door as I came out. She handed me my beer. We clicked cans together and said cheers. I was so hot and thirsty I finished over half the beer in one big gulp. A burp slipped out and I was embarrassed and said excuse me.

Barb laughed and said, "Sounded like a good manly burp."

She impressed me as she drained the rest of her beer then tossed it on the ground and said, "Let's get wet."

She pranced off towards the pool then did a perfect dive into the water. I chugged the rest of my beer and jogged over to the pool and dove in.

It felt so good to cool off. Plus the water would help hide my growing erection I was getting just watching her. Her long wavy black hair was now straight and hung over her breasts and covered more than her swim suit did. She went under water and when she came up she was right in front of me. Why did I have a feeling she was checking out my cock under water?

She came up smiling at me and I was entranced by her green eyes and I looked down at her perfect breast and her hard nipples poking through the top of her suit. 

"Mmmmm this water is so refreshing. I just want to float on top of it and cool off. Hold me so I can float."

It's not like I had a choice as she leaned back into the water next to me. I put my hands under her. One was in the middle of her back and the other landed on her butt. My first physical contact with Brenda and my hand was on her butt. I had all I could do to keep from squeezing her butt. I looked at her from head to toe. I could see part of her tan line by her crotch and her breasts. God I loved tan lines. Her nipples were still hard and I was getting hard fast. 

"So, Brian, I know this might seem awkward question. But do think I am attractive?"

"Barb, you are a very pretty lady. Your husband is one lucky man."

"Thank you Brian. It's kind of you to say that. I only ask because my husband cares more about his work than me and the kids."

Her arm was behind me and now I became aware of her finger tips lightly stroking my back as we discussed her relationship with her husband along with how she works hard taking care of the house and their 2 children.

"Speaking of children, where are they and how old are they?"

"I have twin boys. They are 10. They are over at their friend's house that is having a birthday party sleep over. I know you are doing the math. I am 39."

Her hand moved from behind my back and was now hanging in the water along my leg and her fingers were gently stroking my leg. I was pretty sure of the game she was playing but I wasn't positive and there was no way I was going to make a move on a married woman and be wrong. Several times I felt her fingers brush across my now hard cock that was begging to be released from the tight shorts. Again I was not sure if it was by accident or not.

"Brian, you are very kind. Thank you for letting me talk to you. I have not ever told anyone about my situation. Can I ask you one more question?"

"Oh boy another question. But sure go ahead."

She sat up from the water and wrapped her arms around my neck and legs around my waist. "Can I kiss you?"

She didn't wait for an answer. She leaned in and kissed me. The kiss was not quick. It was a long kiss. Then I felt her tongue probing between my lips. I let her tongue enter me and our tongues danced. My hand by instinct went to her breast. Barb moaned into my mouth as slid my hand under bikini top and rolled her nipple between my fingers.

She reached up and pulled the string to her top and it dropped exposing her gorgeous breasts. They were as I had imagined. Perfect tan line, full and perky breasts with dark areolas and hard nipples begging for me to suck. I kissed my way down to her nipples. I was worshiping her breasts as I massaged them, licked and sucked her nipples. She was moaning as I gave her breast the attention they deserved. 

"Fuck me Brian. I want you to fuck me hard."

I pushed my trunks down releasing my hard cock. I pulled her bottoms to the side and put the crown of my cock against her slit. She reached down and guided me into her hot pussy wet pussy. She rode my cock in the shallow end of the pool. Her finger nails dug into my back as she came. She muffled her orgasm with her hand as she didn't want to bring any attention from the neighbors.

I carried her to the side of the pool and set her on the edge. I pulled off the bikini bottoms. Her pussy was glistening from her orgasm. She had a neatly trimmed black patch of hair in a narrow V. I put her legs over my shoulder and slowly licked her outer lips before my tongue explored her inner folds. She tasted sweet. I slid two fingers inside her with my left hand and my right hand went to her breast. She mimicked me with her hand on her other breast. Sucking her clit into my mouth I ran my tongue across it. She moaned deeply. Her hips began to rotate with pleasure as I sucked her clit and finger fucked her. 

It didn't take long before her she started to get louder with her moans and she started to say, "Oh fuck Brian, oh fuck Brian you are going to make me cum."

She bucked hard against my mouth and her legs tightened against my head to where I couldn't move until she finished her orgasm and released me from her thighs. She lay down on the cement apron breathing heavy. She finally caught her breath and sat up and said, "My god Brian that was amazing. I have never had an orgasm like that before. Now it's your turn."

She patted her hand on the side of the pool for me to sit on the edge. I climbed up and my cock was waving in the air hard and ready. Barb got into the pool in front of me and started to run her cock up and down my shaft and teasing the crown with light gentle licks. Precum was oozing out and she gently licked it up. I wanted my cock deep in her mouth but she continued to tease me. She fondled and licked my balls for awhile before returning to licking my cock. Then slowly she took the crown of my cock into her mouth. I thought I would explode right there but I held back. She took my whole cock deep into her mouth and held it there. She started to bob her head up and down giving me an amazing blow job. I said, "Fuck Barb I am about to cum."

She stopped the blow job and moved up and kissed me deeply for a bit. The she slid back down into the water and placed my cock between her tits and her mouth over the head of my cock and started to masturbate me using her beautiful tits. In no time at all I shot 2 hot jets of cum into her mouth. She took my cock out of her mouth and 3 more streams came out and landed on her chest and tits. I have to say it was almost like art seeing my white cum on her tan chest. My balls felt drained and my body relaxed.

Barb dipped down into the pool and cleaned my cum off from herself. She climbed out of the pool and took my hand and said, "Come on lets go in the house so you can fuck me good and hard."

I followed her to the bedroom. We hadn't been in the room for more than a few seconds when she turned and kissed me deeply. As we kissed her hand went to my balls and she gently massaged them. My cock got hard and was pressing against her belly. She wanted to be fucked hard and I wanted to oblige her. 

I picked her up and she wrapped her legs around my waist. I carried her to the bed and we tumbled onto the bed. I was on top of her and I held my cock against her waiting pussy. I worked the head of my cock just inside her pussy. Then with one big thrust I was deep inside her. I don't think Barb was ready for that as her eyes went big and her mouth opened and a slight "Ugh" came from her mouth. I didn't give her a chance to get used to me. I started to fuck her hard and slow. It wasn't long before we were in rhythm with each other. The thrust became faster and faster as Barb was nearing her orgasm. 

Barb started to get vocal as her nails dug into my ass pulling me into her hard with each thrust. "Fuck me baby, yes fuck me hard baby, oh god I am cummmmming."

It was one of those rare moments when as she started to have her orgasm mine was a few second behind her. I could feel her pussy constrict around my cock making it that much more enjoyable along with her cervix hitting the end of my cock. I exploded my cum deep inside her. I had never had such a strong orgasm before. "Oh Fuuuuck" I yelled as I came.

We lay there with me on top of her. I could feel her walls squeeze and release my cock getting every drop of cum out of me. I kissed her neck then her lips as she drained me. I felt my cock slowly going soft. 

"Oh no you don't, I am not done with you yet. Don't you dare go soft on me." Barb said. 

With that we rolled over and she was on top of me. "I will get you hard" Barb said with a wicked smile on her face.

She began to lick my shaft tasting our sex. She moved onto my balls licking them and gently taking them into her mouth. I jumped a bit when I felt her tongue probe my ass and I squeezed my butt cheeks together. She looked up at me and told me, "Just relax, you will like this."

It didn't take long before I started to enjoy the pleasure of her tongue in my ass. I began to moan and the blood started to flow to my cock. I started feel a bit more pressure in my ass. I then realized she now had replaced her tongue with a finger. She defiantly knew what she was doing as she started to rub my prostate with her finger I could feel the blood quickly flowing to my cock and in to time at all I was harder than I had ever been before. 

When she knew I was fully hard she removed her finger from my ass and said, "Now that is a nice hard cock. Now fuck me from behind."

Barb got on all 4's at the edge of her bed pointing that nice firm ass at me. Looking back at me she said, "Fuck me hard like the last time."

Her hot wet pussy took me easily. I didn't pound her hard right away. I was enjoying the fine view from behind. I looked over at her dresser where there was a large mirror. That view was even better, seeing her round ass and her breasts hanging down and jiggle as I started to thrust harder. It sounded like a tennis match how they grunt every time they hit a ball. Every time I thrust deep inside her we both grunted loudly. She sat upright for a bit and turned her head for us to kiss deeply. As we kissed I cupped her breasts and rolled her nipples between my fingers.

She dropped back down putting her head onto the bed. She reached back between her legs and held my balls as I began to thrust hard, deep and starting to speed up. Letting go of my balls she now used her fingers to rub her clit. 

"Oh yeah baby fuck me hard. That feels so good. I knew you would be a good fuck from when I first saw you. Ooooh baby, I am cummingggg. Oh god that felt good. Keep going. Please don't stop fucking me."

Taking a firm hold of her hips I continued to pound away as she played more with her clit. A minute later she came again. I was getting a bit tired and had not cum yet. I slowed down a bit. Looking at her star I thought about how good it felt with her finger inside me I decided to return the favor. I slid my middle finger in her wet pussy next to my cock getting it nice and lubed up. I put my finger in her ass up to the first knuckle. She moaned in pleasure. I slid my finger in deeper and she approved by moaning deeper. I slowly fucked her ass and pussy until I felt my balls were starting to ache and I needed to cum. 
