 College can be either one of two things; a bastion of knowledge, or a sordid collection of dirty deeds. Sometimes it can manage to be both; mine were sordid at times but always fun.

Naureen 

My first notable experience was with a university tutor. Her name was Naureen and she was a veritable sex goddess. Light brown skin, slender legs, auburn brown eyes, and wicked personality to boot. I had felt she would certainly have been right at home amongst the flower power of the sixties. She originally hailed from Kisumu, Kenya but had made Johannesburg, South Africa her second home.

She tutored me for one of my subjects. It wasn't extra lessons but merely a part of each subject's syllabus. She was certainly, smart and sexy, a veritable academic.

I first saw her a year prior to being tutored by her in the classroom. I had been walking up and down the university as I was waiting for another class. I look up and saw three people, two men and one woman.

Naturally that woman was Naureen; however, I was unaware of her name at that time. Her outfit was mesmerising; she had on a white blouse or something like that, it wasn't something that stuck in my mind, the clothing covering the lower half of her body was burned deep into my mind. She had on a red skirt with white polka dots adorning it. The skirt was short, very, very short. It barely covered her important bits.

I slowly watched as she walked up the stairs to the admin building. I took the ramp to the left, to get a closer look of her; I looked to my right down the passage to see her majestic figure stood before me. She seemed like a bubbly, fun loving, and all round gorgeous women, it later turned out she was just that.

I later found out her name through a friend of mine, whom had told me he had a class with her as tutor. He also mentioned to me her sister Natasha, who would later date another friend of mine, which of course meant she was off limits naturally, that had aroused my interest in Naureen. 

It was the following year, I had been to a lecture for the subject Naureen tutored me in, and the lecturer was busy explaining the subject during the first lecture. She mentioned Naureen's name and I snapped to attention, there were to be two people tutoring that particular subject and Naureen was one of them. I wasn't sure of I would be tutored by her.

The time of the first tutorial swung by and I had waited in the classroom awaiting the tutor's arrival. Another friend of mine had known Naureen previously and had mentioned to me he was hoping, like I was, that she was to tutor. The wait continued for a few minutes more when she seductively walked in and apologised for her late arrival. 

"I knew it would be Naureen," came the voice from my friend.

The tutorial went on and it was one I looked forward to every week and enjoyed when it ran for the full hour allocated to it. This gave me the chance to become better acquainted with Naureen and it really opened my eyes about the variety and scope of the female species.

This was great juxtaposition to the girls I encountered in high school. The childish notions of high school girls certainly eradicate when the college years arrive, and if they don't it would most certainly spell doom for them. 

My due diligence in the classroom setting garnered me a friendship with her and later on her equally gorgeous sister. It was after the conclusion of that particular semester and the commencement of a new one that something deeper, something sexual.

She had an office in a newly constructed building on the university campus. One day I decided to knock on her door, she normally shared the office with her sister, whom was in Australia at that time. 

"Hey, Naureen, How are you doing?" I asked.

"Hey Billy, I'm good thanks," was her cheerful reply.

"How's your master's coming along?" I asked.

"Very well, in fact it is great," was her reply.

"That's good to hear," I began, "You must be without doubt the sexiest academic I have ever seen, along with your sister."

She blushed at my words and felt a tingling all over her, which I had picked up on.

"I'm feeling frisky," She asked.

I nearly fell of the chair hearing those words. I had responded with something to the effect of having a solution for her, I was too busy ogling her increasingly naked body, to remember the words exiting my mouth.

She was soon nude and at my belt buckle undoing it and springing my cock to attention. She ran the tips of her manicured fingers along the length of my shaft and thrusting them into my balls once or twice. She took charge and was up for a little pain. She soon worked her way into stroking my bulging member. We may have only had about half an hour to do what we were doing but she was still going to do it properly.

Before long her mouth was now wrapping around my cock and her sucking and tongue work were fucking incredible. She soon relinquished her mouth from my cock to let her pussy have some of the fun. I sat back in her chair and she straddled me and faced away from me and toward the door. The door had a glass window about three quarters the length of the door, however the most of it was frosted with some picture covering the top bit of the window which wasn't frosted.

She steadily increased her pace and began to fuck like a veritable champ. We were well aware that lectures were going on a few metres away. The sensation was amazing and her pussy felt great as it surrounded my cock as she slid along its length. We carried on for a while and soon she had arrived at orgasm. 

She knew how to work within a timeframe. It was a hallmark of her skill and experience in the areas of communication and of course fucking. I had reached an almighty climaxed soon after her and she loved as the warm cum shot deep inside her. As we lay back catching our breath the lock on the door turns, the handle twists, and in walks Natasha, Naureen's gorgeous and at that moment rather shocked sister.

She promptly closed the door behind her and looked upon the scene with lust.

"Naureen you naughty girl," she said.

Naureen blushed and Natasha then turned to me and greeted me. I greeted her in return. She then slapped Naureen's bare ass as she bent over to pick up her clothes off the floor.

"I believe you have a tutorial Naureen," she said. 

"I see your trip to Australia ended early," I said to Natasha.

"I wanted to surprise Naureen however, it seems that I am the one left surprised," Natasha replied.

We all parted ways after that, I would see Naureen a few times after that but nothing close to that particular day. The last time I remember seeing her in the flesh would be a few weeks later while waiting to speak to a lecturer in another office in the same building. As I waited I gazed down the passage, Naureen came into view, she gave me a wave and I returned it.

Throughout my college career I had meet a slew of gorgeous women. A slew of women from all over the globe in fact, due to the global nature of the university I had attended. A total of 34 nationalities to be precise, one from every continent.

Roxana

Another woman of interest was a woman named Roxana whom I met in my latter college years. She was relatively fair skinned, slim figure and voluptuous breasts. She shared a rather uncanny resemblance to actress Helen Hunt.Roxana was from Poland, and was a very interesting woman.

I met her whilst lounging around with a few friends at university cafeteria. I knew a few people in amongst that group; Roxana was among them that day. Through conversation and a few jokes, I slowly got to know her, when it came to time to leave, it turned out that we were both heading to the same lecture. It was a philosophy lecture. I sat with her in the lecture hall and soon we had a casual friendship going and she was a fun woman to know.

Through a few phone calls, and Facebook chat, we soon had a lustful attraction for one another and it soon bubbled over after one particular conversation.

"Billy, I need to tell you something, I want you, and if my intuition has any bearing on this situation you want me too," Roxana said to me.

"Well your intuition is correct, I feel it too however, it may well be a purely physical attraction," I replied.

"That is not what I'm looking for, I want cock . . . your cock Billy," she confessed to me.

"How does Friday sound Roxana?" I enquired.

"Perfect, come to my dorm room at about noon, you don't have class then do you?" said to me.

"I don't have any classes on Friday so I'll see you then," she replied.

"Hmmm can't wait to sample your cock," she lustfully replied.

We said our goodbyes and anticipated Friday. As is the way with anticipation and waiting, Friday soon arrived and it was nearly noon. I made the walk to her dorm room, across the courtyard, and through the labyrinth of stairs which, had formed part of an elaborate dare a few weeks earlier.

I soon was stood in front of Roxana's door; I knocked twice and awaited Roxana. Her dorm room was on the second floor and it was one of many self-contained units. Each room had a kitchen on the left or right as one would enter, a bathroom behind that wall, a rectangular brown desk with a matching chair. The other end of the room had a glass door leading on to a balcony in this case. 

The balcony looked out on the other dorm rooms and had a brick walls dividing one balcony from another, the wall inclined upwards and got closer to the building's wall as it rose to the top of the building. The university had multi-room dorms as well elsewhere on the campus.

She opened and led me in, she cleared the bed and ushered me to sit on the bed. She had gave off a feeling of longing as she looked into my eyes in a manner I had never witnessed in any prior encounter with Roxana

"I've been waiting for you, and for you," she said whilst stroke my crotch through my jeans.

"Shall we begin," I said, to which, she nodded her head agreeing.

She then stood up and slowly began to unbutton her blouse; she stared intently at me as she unbuttoned each button slowly, deliberately, and in a highly seductive fashion. Soon her blouse was unbuttoned and the slit showed delicious flesh leading up to her red lace bra.

She then slowly removed her blouse and let it fall graciously to the carpeted floor. She then undid the button on her jeans. She then moved right in front of me and points her index finger to her zip. I placed my two fingers on either end of the zip and slowly tugged it down revealing bit by bit her red lace panties. I then pulled her jeans to the floor. She stepped out of them and stood there in her underwear looking as seductive as ever.

She then moved toward me and sat on my lap. We kissed with passion, burning passion. She had a look of determination in her eyes burning with lust. We locked lips a few times more and slowly reached behind her and unhooked her bra. She slipped it off and I felt, groped, and massaged her breasts.

"Getting frisky," she said with a giggle.

"Just getting a feel," I replied.

I continued to lock lips with her and slipped a hand into her panties and used my finger to create a little moisture. Soon her pussy juice began to percolate through her panties; her scent soon filled her panties through every fibre within them.

I then laid her back on the bed, I reached for her panties and pulled it off sliding it along her legs and tossed it on the floor. I spread her legs and begin to flick with my tongue and incite a bit of a response.

I then inserted a finger, and moved to her lips and locked them with mine once again. I increased the count of fingers we continued. It seemed as though every single little fibre of her skin and flesh seemed to have a heightened sensitivity. Using my free hand I began to feel up her body and continued the carnal connection between us both.

She then got up and proceeded to remove my clothing; she soon slid down my pants and had my member in her mouth. Her mouth was expertly skilled, which was something one can say about most college women, her sucking on my hard cock continued.

Her free hands got to work on my balls and her careful caressing simply heightened the sensations of my cock in her mouth. My precum began to trickle out and she then used it to lubricate my cock for what laid ahead.

She ushered me to her chair and sat me down, she gave my cock a few tugs and lick or two of the tongue. She then stood up and turned around and eased herself down on to my throbbing member. She leaned back against me and me she gyrated, and slide herself up and down slowly. Her pussy was swallowing my cock readily. 

Her perfume smelled as intoxicating as her pussy. Her light blonde her nestled and draped down her neck as she continued her energetic fucking. She soon hopped off and got on all fours; she craned her neck around and pointed her index finger to her asshole. She didn't need to do that twice, I positioned my cock over her awaiting asshole. I gently pressed against the opening and slowly inserted. 

"Aaah fuck that feels good, spread my asshole," she whispered.

I got it all in and she was grabbing at the carpet feeling intoxicated at the penetration she was experiencing. I pulled out slowly and then put it back in, I continued this all the while increasing ever so slightly the pace at which, and I was going at it. She moaned in intoxicated lust as the movements continued and she enjoyed every inch of me buried in her asshole.

We were at for a considerable amount of time, she now had a rather gaping asshole which, was evidenced when I withdrew from her asshole. She remained on all fours as I then went back to her pussy and continued to the pump away as in and out, we both knew orgasm was pending for the both of us.

It began and slowly crept up on us and the feeling of ecstasy as that tingling slowly took whole and we felt an eruption approaching, one of a sexual nature. It arrived; her pussy juice combated my jizz within the walls of her vagina. I pulled out of her stood myself up; I extended both hands and helped her to her feet. The last few drips of jizz to emerge from my cock dripped and nonchalantly landed at her feet.

We both looked down at that sight and I then said, "Millions at your feet, like I have always said."

She raised an eyebrow and looked at me and replied whilst shaking her head and laughing said "Yes, millions, millions of sperm."

After that rather amusing and unusual exchange of words, I left her dorm room.

Karen

I had known Karen aka Kay for some time an interesting but rather mysterious woman. I had gotten friendly and we got to chatting whenever we would come across each other, figuratively at that point. One evening I had headed off to the cinema, whilst walking from my car into the cinema complex. I then saw her she was with a friend.

She had informed me that she and her friend were being unsettled by some suspicious individual. I offered to walk her and her friend to her car but she declined and had decided to ask the security guard, but she still thanked me for the offer. She told me she would keep in touch and we did. 

Soon I had offered to take her to the cinema. I came around to her house as she lived near the university; she opened up the door and was ready to go. She was wearing a red tank top, and red and white plaid patterned mini skirt. She had around her shoulder a black with gold Gucci handbag. 

We headed to the car and I opened the door for her, she got inside the car. I got in and fired it up, and off we went.

"I'm glad you agreed to come out tonight Kay."

"I needed to get out and forget about things, thanks for the invitation."

"The pleasure is mine, Kay, glad to spend time with you."

"I'm glad you thought of me."

Soon we arrived at the cinema. We had gone and seen Public Enemies, a good film. When we had returned to my place it was empty, it would just be us two.

I got out some wine and two glasses. We then sat down and begun to enjoy the wine and have some light conversation.

"So how is everything with you Kay?"

"It's okay Billy just carrying on as usual."

"It's good to hear, are you okay, you seem a little . . . frustrated."

"You are very perceptive, but no I am fine."

"That tells me you are not okay, you can speak to me, and you can trust me."

"Oh well I suppose so, you're a good man, I have felt a bit frustrated university is fine, my family life is fine, it seems it's just me that is not fine."

"Are you having dreams, seeing visions?"

"No, I don't think I am a mental patient, no need for the straight jacket or the looney bin."

She then moved in closer to me and whisper, "Maybe all I need is a good fuck."

"Hmm, maybe, how about It," I said to her.

She looked down at my crotch and started rub the crotch area of my jeans, and felt an aroused member beginning to strain against the fabric of my clothes. I grasped her breasts and began to message and fondle them. We then came in close to kiss; she was beginning to loosen up. I knew she would not be frustrated anymore, once I was done with her.

I pulled off the tank top she had one, to unveil her gorgeous breasts and pert nipples which, were protruding through the fabric of her top. She in turn pulled of my shirt and grabbed my belt buckle, and we kissed again.

She then began to unbuckle my belt, I then stood up and she pulled my jeans down. My cock was standing to attention and ready for action. She then got onto her knees and began to swirl her tongue around my highly aroused member. She then gave it some lubrication with my precum and her saliva. Her mouth slid onto my cock and now was hitting the back of her throat with a hint of gagging each time. She slowly drew back and then took my whole length time and time again.

I lifted her back to her feet and reached for her skirt which, upon further investigation revealed her lower half without panties. I lifted her skirt and gestured her to grip her hands around my neck, she then hopped up onto me and then slowly lowered herself onto my cock. The absence of the visual of my cock penetrating her constantly served to simply heighten the sensations flowing through me.

The only sounds were those of the night and they were drowned out by the increasing frequency and volume of her sexual moaning. I was stood there in my lounge with her plunging my cock and her skirt moving in tune with the rest of her body. She slid off and planted her feet back on the ground. She reached around her skirt, undid the straps fastening it in place and it dropped to the floor.

I then took her to my bedroom to continue the fucking, I lay on the bed I then take her legs and she grips them with her arms leaving her pussy spread out for my cock to make an entrance. I moved to her and plunged my cock into her awaiting pussy. I soon was at a steady fast pace fucking her like a madman. I continue to plunge into her furiously, she screams in approval as I continue giving her more and more.

Whilst I was still ramming deep into her pussy, Kay moved her legs to an almost horizontal position. I was a bit wide eyed at her level of flexibility. My cock continued to fuck her as she remained in that position taking all I had to give and giving frequent shouts of approval.

I then pulled out from her pussy and moved her to the end of the bed. I stood up and lifted her legs and propped both on my right shoulder and plunged my cock back into her now gorged pussy. I continue to fuck and relieve her frustration. She felt an impending orgasm.

She then raised her hands awaiting orgasm. It arrived and her hands dropped and slammed into the bed, she then arched her back as the orgasm shot through her wave after wave. All the while I kept fucking her; before any post-orgasmic recovery could take place I continued and began to send her off to another orgasm.
