 I had moved from a small town to the city for college, five hours away, on a full athletic/academic scholarship. Softball was my life so even though no one from my graduating class was going to be attending any colleges in the area, I didn't really care; I knew the girls on the team would be my new best friends and family. Besides, the only person in my graduating class that I really knew was Corey, my boyfriend of three years, but I wasn't sad leaving him behind; not even a little bit. Classmates told me he was a cheater and of course, I didn't believe them until one weekend, I came home early from a tournament as my grandmother had passed away.

I went to his house because I knew he could always make me feel better. Imagine the surprise when I pulled into the driveway and saw my best friend's car there. When I entered, I heard moaning and pleas from my so-called best friend to go faster and deeper. I rounded the corner to the family room and caught the two of them buck naked, fucking on the couch. 

She caught my eye and smiled at me. I screamed at the two of them, "You fucking bastard and you fucking whore! You two deserve each other!" Corey stopped moving but she kept rocking her hips beneath him, trying to get him to continue; she had always been an exhibitionist and I had bet she loved me walking in, having someone catch them. Now that Corey had stopped fucking her, she was probably mad that I had interrupted his concentration before she was finished. I turned and stormed out of the room, in disbelief and angry as Hell. Corey ran after me, trying to pull on a pair of boxers in the process.

He caught my arm, "Kimberly, don't leave like this," he pleaded, "This isn't what it looks like and it has never happened before. It was shitty judgement on my part." I saw my now ex-best friend, still smiling as she rounded the corner, still naked with her nipples erect and her pussy glistening with juices. I ran out of the house, raced for my car needing to get away from there in case I threw-up. I wasn't even out of the driveway when my cell phone rang, I looked at the caller ID, he was already calling me.

I answered curtly, "What!" as felt the tears starting to well up and the lump forming in my throat.

"Kimberly, what were you doing here? I thought you were out of town for a tournament," he said. 

I was crying so hard now, I had to pull over. "I bet you thought you had the whole weekend to spend with her, huh. And I was out of town but got called back early as Grammie passed away," I choked out.

"Oh, honey I am so sorry," soothed Corey.

I said to myself, "Kimberly, do not fall for this. You know he always knows the right things to say for every occasion." Then I heard myself saying out loud, "Don't 'honey' me. Goodbye Corey," and hit the end button, blocked his number; hers too, then deleted both from my contacts and hopefully my life, forever.

I returned to ball the afternoon after the funeral; I had to get my mind off of everything and ball was my only passion now. I had to get in shape mentally and physically before school started. I swore off guys and committed myself to my team for the remainder of the summer. Our team won state, regional's and was invited to an international invitational being held. Teams from the USA, Canada, Mexico, various European and Asian countries, as well as one team from Australia. I think I was more nervous going into that tournament than I was about playing for an NCAA Division 1 Team. 

After all tournaments were over, I got on with my planned life, was settling in great at college, and made friends easily with my teammates. I was one of only two freshmen; all of the others were returning players, most of them juniors and seniors. 

The girls liked to party almost as much as the guys who lived in the fraternity brothers' houses we were invited to nearly every night. Some of my teammates didn't return home after a night of partying, they were tied up with frat guys. I partied but wasn't one to partake in one-night sexual activities with guys I hardly knew. That is, until I saw him.

He was about six foot two, had light brown hair and piercing green eyes, the whitest teeth and a gorgeous smile, was dressed in designer jeans and polo shirt, held himself confidently, yet relaxed, and then he looked in my direction. I tried to look away but I think he caught me staring and when I turned my head back, he was gone. I scanned the room but didn't see him. I felt a hand on my arm. I looked to my left and there he was, more perfect up close, almost looked like a model.

"I'm René," he introduced himself, holding his hand out for me to shake.

"Kimberly," I stammered, unable to take my eyes off him, feeling my cheeks starting to warm.

"I know, I've asked around," he said flashing another smile. "I realize you don't know me but would you like to get away from here and go for a walk together?"

I thought to myself, "It's not like I'll ever get another chance, I may as well." Then I heard myself saying, "I'd love to."

He set his drink down and took mine from me as well. We started toward the door together when he took my hand in his, our fingers intertwined. I thought I heard a hush over the room but chalked it up to my imagination. 

We descended the steps into the muggy night air; it felt as though a thunderstorm was looming. I hoped it wouldn't rain as I was not dressed for it. I had only a short, tight white crop top showing off my belly button piercing and my teammates had convinced me to wear these sticker-like, bra lift things in place of a bra to hold up my D-cup breasts. I had considered wearing jeans but was thankful I had opted for the short denim skirt that showed off my athletic legs.

We walked and held fantastic conversation. I learned that he was, indeed a model, and had been doing so since he was eight years old when he and his twin brother were discovered in a local mall by an agent while arguing over toothpaste. I smiled when I learned their first gig was a toothpaste commercial. Since then, he had gone on to model for BMW, Jockey, and Ralph Lauren as well as numerous commercials. He was a volunteer firefighter and was studying Fire Science as a sophomore at a college across town. He was visiting the frat house that night because his brother lived there but didn't really care for the atmosphere.

He told me about his last girlfriend and how she cheated on him which made me suddenly turn my head and I blurted, "But why? You are gorgeous!" 

"Looks aren't everything, honey," he replied sarcastically.

"Shit, I didn't mean it like that. My last boyfriend cheated on me too and with my best friend," I disclosed. 

René stopped walking and turned me toward him. "Really?" he asked, "You aren't just saying that to make me feel better are you?"

I told him the story of Corey and when I was finished he had a pained look on his face. "I can't believe someone would do that to you. Two people who you loved very much betrayed you." He put one hand under my chin and tilted my face up toward his. He saw my eyes glistened with tears and leaned down and kissed each eyelid, the tip of my nose and lips softly. It was the most romantic gesture anyone had shown me in a long time.

"Oh René," I said breathtakingly, "thank you for rescuing me tonight. I don't think I could bear another night of drinking until I blacked-out in my own self-pity. I now realize shit happens to the best of us."

"Kimberly, do you want to stay with me at my place tonight?" asked René.

I hesitated momentarily and he spoke again before I had a chance to, "I'm so sorry. I shouldn't have put you on the spot."

I told him the reason I hesitated was because I had practice at 10am the next day and I wasn't sure how I would get back in time. He smiled and told me he'd gladly drive. We walked about another ten minutes until he said, "This is us." I looked at the decrepit building and he started to laugh. 

"Not the building Kimberly, the car," as he held open the passenger-side door of a red BMW.

"Oh my gosh, I keep putting my foot in my mouth around you," I said, blushing deeply.

"I know what I'd like to put in your mouth," said René, while sporting a grin, and winked before he closed my door. He walked around, got in, started the car, put it in first, shifting until we were on the outskirts of the city. I had no idea what to say so I kept silent.

As we drove, I noticed the trees becoming thicker and draped over the road like a tunnel. I felt René put his hand on my leg. I spread my legs slightly, urging him to continue to explore. Within moments, his hand wandered under my skirt. I hoped he would like the G-string he'd soon find!

He looked at me and asked, "Is this ok?"

I nodded and smiled shy, "Yes, please don't stop there."

His hand brushed the outer lips of my waxed pussy. I shivered and felt my nipples get hard instantly. I slouched down in the seat a little as he inserted a finger into my wet pussy. He looked at me again and I smiled. He was tentative fingering me at first but when I started grinding my pelvis against his hand he stuck another finger in me. I let a small moan escape my lips. 

"Are you enjoying this Kimberly?" he asked, grinning.

"Yes," I breathed. "I think I need more though," I said coyly.

He didn't require further coaxing. He pulled the car over to the shoulder of the road, ran around to my side and opened my door. He held his hand out to me and as I looked up at him, I caught myself unzipping his jeans, looked back down and came eye to eye with the largest cock I'd ever seen. He was wide and long but I was going to try my damnedest to give him good head. I ran my soft hands down his swollen shaft but I couldn't encircle it with my thumb and any finger. I spit on one hand and slid it down his cock while doing the same to my other hand. Once both hands were moving up and down, some pre-cum leaked out. I flicked the head of his cock with my tongue, tasting him. René groaned. I opened my mouth, carefully covering my teeth so I wouldn't bite him. I took him as deep as I could, feeling his cock on the back of my throat. He began to move slowly. I put my hands on his ass cheeks and pulled him in deeper and quickened the pace for him.

"Oh Kimberly, let me fuck your pussy please," cooed René. I looked up at him and nodded. 

He opened his glove box, pulled out an unopened box of condoms, took a couple out and put them between his teeth. He stepped out of his jeans and while he was bent down, he slid his hands under my ass and scooped me up as if I weighed nothing. He closed the car door and set me down on the hood of the car. He unbuttoned and unzipped my skirt and slid it down over my hips. He pulled my shirt over my head, exposing my breasts. I suddenly felt shy laying naked on this gorgeous man's car hood knowing that he was readying himself to sink into my wet and waiting pussy. I noticed that he had set the condoms down on the hood as well and leaned in to kiss me; that's when I felt electrified. How could a kiss make someone feel this good?! 

"What if someone drives by?" I asked as René kissed my neck, across my collarbone, and down to my left breast where he stopped to suckle on my nipple for a minute or so. 

He looked up and replied, "Well one of two things, we get seen or we get caught and thrown in jail for the night."

I was about to call off the evening then thought, "What the Hell. Softball isn't the only game I could play."

He continued kissing his way down my body, pinching my nipples, alternating every so often. When he found my neatly trimmed "landing strip" in the bikini area, he commented that he liked the way it looked. I don't think I was ready to feel his hot breath on my clit when he spread my pussy lips apart as I shivered again.

"Are you cold?" René asked.

"No," I answered softly, "You are just making me so incredibly horny."

"Good," he said, "I aim to please." He pulled his shirt over his head and even though the sky was darker than normal, I could see him open the foil wrapper from one of the condoms in a light coming from somewhere. René rolled the condom carefully onto his swollen cock and positioned himself over me. He guided his cock to my pussy and rubbed it against me. I opened my legs wide so he could slide himself in. Naturally there was resistance as he was so large and I had only been with one other guy in my life. Once he got the head of his cock in my pussy, I was able to start moving, coaxing him deeper. I told him he wouldn't hurt me and to push himself in harder.

"Oh God René, that feels so fucking good. I've never been so filled up before," I said.

"I really like the way your pussy grips my cock Kimberly," René said.

"The way you are moving is making me really horny. Will you fuck me harder?" I asked.

René answered, " I don't want to hurt you Kimberly."

I wrapped my legs around René's chiseled body, hooked my ankles behind him and bucked against him. Little time passed before I felt an orgasm building. "René, I'm close to cumming," I breathed into his ear.

"Yes, cum for me baby. Cum all over my cock."

It took him only two more deep, hard thrusts before I clamped down around his cock and let my juices gush out.

"Wow! That was really awesome," René marvelled before kissing me deeply and pushing into me rhythmically. I dug my heels into him and pulled him even deeper. I wanted all of him and I wanted it now in case there wasn't a second time. René kissed my neck and breathed in my ear as we rocked together in unison. I felt another orgasm coming and threw my head back, breathing hard, pushing my tits close to his mouth. He took my right nipple and nibbled gently; that put me over the edge. I came so hard that I almost pushed him out of my pussy.

"Whoa, baby, I'm not finished with you yet," René moaned. 

When I started to slip in my own juices, he reached behind me and lifted me up, still on his cock, pushed my back into the side of the car and continued to fuck me. I liked how he switched back and forth from gentle to a bit rough. He thrust deeply and slowly as I wrapped my arms around his neck and let him do the work. My nipples were still very hard and I could feel the friction against his waxed chest. I felt another orgasm coming on. I had had multiple ones before but never so close together and that's when I realized that this was probably one continuous, blissfully amazing orgasm. 

"Kimberly, I want to taste you and feel you cum on my face. I want to lap up the juices from what I am doing to you," René said huskily.

I moaned, imagining his tongue on my clit and in my pussy. I hadn't noticed that he opened the car's back door and sat down with me on his lap. He carefully lifted me off of his cock and asked me if I trusted him. I nodded, as I bit my swollen lower lip.

"That is so hot! You have a gorgeous mouth especially when playing shy," René exclaimed.

I didn't have time to answer before I felt myself being lifted upside down; René hooked my knees over his shoulders as I laid on my back in his lap, feeling his hard cock between my shoulder blades as I stared up toward the sky. He buried his mouth in my pussy while rubbing my clit with his thumb. I closed my eyes and focused on the intense pressure building on my clit and felt him slide two fingers in my pussy, and crooked them toward my G-spot. I arched my back in his lap, cupping my tits and rolled my nipples between my own fingers. 

My breathing became faster and shallower as I thrust my pelvis into his face, gripped my knees against his head and splashed my juices all over him while shouting, "Keep going René, I'm not finished with you yet!" mimicking his words from earlier.

"Mmm," he said with his mouth still feasting on my pussy. The humming sound he made vibrated against me and put me over the edge. I released the clitoral orgasm that was building and as he lapped up those juices, his fingers hit the G-spot in the perfect spot and I gushed all over his face. He thrust his tongue in and out of my swollen pussy while I continued to cum. I was nearly spent but I knew he hadn't finished. 

When he paused, I asked "Do you trust me?" 

I got his 'yes' answer I told him we needed to take a break to get re-positioned. He buried his face in my pussy one last time and I could feel myself clamp down on his tongue.

"Yeah baby, cum for me one more time," René coaxed. I bucked against him and pulled him tight against me with my legs, juices flowing out of me.

By the time we untangled ourselves from each other, it had started to rain. He flipped me back around, right side up and stood me on the shoulder of the road. 

I told him that we needed the backseat. "I hope we don't need much room for what you have planned, Kimberly," he said.

I looked at him and said with a grin, "Nope. Now lay down on your back with your knees bent. You've proved that you like eating me out and devouring my cum, so this will make it much easier for you." 

Once he was comfortably positioned, I straddled him in the 69 position. I wanted to taste him too so I unrolled the condom from his cock and tossed it in the ditch.

René immediately went to work on my pussy with his arms wrapped around my waist pulling my pussy tight against his face. I hadn't noticed earlier that his previously clean-shaven face had started growing five o'clock shadow. The friction between our skin had me over the edge again. 

As I moaned in pleasure, I held his cock as though it was my most prized possession. I opened my mouth and let my saliva drip down his shaft, spilling onto his balls and running down into the crack of his ass. I took him deeply in my mouth and moaned as I slipped my arms under his hips, wrapping my hands around to hold open his muscular thighs. I decided to live dangerously and sucked on my index finger, getting it lubricated with my spit. I carefully positioned it at René's pucker in the crack of his ass. I coaxed my finger in slowly, feeling him pause his feast as he tightened around my finger. 

I felt him return to my pussy as he let out a moan, "Oh God, Kimberly I don't know what you have planned but it feels good."

I stuck my finger in a little deeper, past the second sphincter and started a slow and steady sideways stimulation of his prostate. He remained still for almost a minute then started moving with my finger. He moved his hips slowly and set the pace for me as I continued to suck his cock. We were both moaning as we neared orgasm but I suddenly felt the need to have his cock in me again.

I stopped sucking his cock but continued to stimulate his prostate and said huskily, "René I need you inside me again. I want to cum over your cock and I want to taste my pussy when I kiss you."

"What about a condom Kimberly? Should I get another?"

I lifted myself off of René and he sat up, his cock standing straight up past his belly button. I said to myself, "Holy fuck Kimberly, you are one lucky girl tonight." 

I told him I was ok with not having him wrapped since we had disclosed earlier that neither of us had been with anyone else since our respective breakups and both of us had clean STI tests. That is, as long as he was ok with it.

"Oh yeah, baby. I want to feel your pussy surrounding my cock. I want to feel my cum squirting deep inside of you."

I put one hand on his shoulder and reached down to guide his cock into my pussy with the other. I sunk onto him slowly; I couldn't believe how he filled me up. He placed both hands on my ass and started to slide me up and down slowly on his cock and increased the speed according to my moans and squeals.

I wrapped my arms around his neck and pulled myself close to him, kissing him deeply, tasting my pussy juice while thrusting my hips and gyrating on his cock.

He whispered in my ear, "Kimberly, you'd better slow down. I'm getting really fucking close." 
