 René and I had light conversation after we encountered the state troopers as we drove the remainder of the way to his home. Within minutes, he turned up a driveway with gated access, and punched in the code. As we rounded the trees lining the driveway, I saw the largest "house" I had ever seen; I would call it a mansion! As we approached, one of the four garage doors lifted and we drove inside where there were three more cars: one was a Lamborghini, but I had no idea what the other two were. I figured the BMW we were in was the least expensive car he owned! After he parked, he scooted around to my side and opened the door for me again. 

As we walked to the entrance of the house, I noticed more vehicles: two dune buggies, two quad bikes, a motorcycle and more play toys in the back, darker area of the garage. 

When we walked into the house, I met one of his housekeepers, Lucille and one of his personal chefs, Phillipe. I can imagine the site we must have been to them, me, wearing only a damp t-shirt and René in swimming trunks.

"Monsieur Cabot, would you care to have anything prepared to eat?" asked Phillipe.

"Sure thing, Phillipe," replied René. "Kimberly, do you have any requests?" he asked.

"I haven't eaten many fancy foods before," I said nervously.

René chuckled, "Nothing to be nervous of," sensing my reluctance.

"Phillipe, could you surprise me and Ms. Kimberly please?" René said to Philippe.

"Sure Monsieur. Your food will be ready in about one hour."

"Perfect, Phillipe, thank you. That will give us time to warm up," René said. He took my hand and gave me a tour through his home with the exception of the staffs' quarters. 

When he showed me the master bedroom, I couldn't believe the size! I tried to ignore the bed off to my right for the time being and took notice of the full-sized bar to my left, the ensuite bath had a claw-legged tub, a glass and tile shower stall with what appeared to be shower heads down the wall and two overhead. Back in the bedroom, there were long drapes and a round king size bed, both with red satin sheets; I could just imagine the silkiness on my skin, and shivered at the thought. René pulled me into him and wrapped his arms around my waist, and when I looked up at him, I kissed him.

"That was delightfully unexpected," René said after our kiss. "Are you cold Kimberly?"

My teeth were chattering, my fingers were bluish, and the t-shirt was clinging to my taught nipples, which pressed into his chest when we kissed. René took my hand and led me out onto a deck that I didn't know was behind the curtains.

The deck wrapped around a beautiful pool with a rock waterfall at the far end, and a 10 or 12 person hot tub to the right of the patio doors. 

"Want to get in the hot tub, Kimberly?" asked René.

"What should I wear?" I blurted, then realized he meant soak naked. I felt the red rising to my cheeks. 

"You are so damned adorable," René smiled his gorgeous smile.

I playfully swatted him on his shoulder, pulled his shirt over my head and waltzed to the hot tub swinging my hips provocatively. I slowly walked up the steps as I looked over my left shoulder, guiding my tongue over my top teeth then bit my lower lip.

"Damn girl, you are driving me crazy," René said as he tried to hop out of his trunks, his cock already turning hard. He followed me into the hot tub and sat down beside me. 

"I don't know what it is about you but I've never been one to walk around showing my body and here I am sitting next to the most gorgeous man I've seen," I said matter-of-factly.

He looked in my eyes, winked and said, "I am looking at the most beautiful woman. You have one sexy body, with beautiful curves and defined muscles." 

René turned to me and kissed me deeply. Without breaking the kiss, I moved on top of him and lowered myself onto his hard cock.

"What about a condom, Kimberly?" asked René when he broke the kiss. 

I smiled and said, "I think we are beyond that, besides I liked the way it felt without one." I kissed him again and started moving faster up and down on his cock, my tits bouncing in his face. 

He buried his face in my tits and began to suck on my right nipple which sent shocks through my body. "René, I'm going to cum," I moaned as I leaned into him grinding my pelvis against him.

"Yeah, cum for me babe," he said when he lifted his head from my nipple which was sticking out hard and far. He began to suck on my left nipple as I exploded over his cock, my juices mixing with the water.

I was breathing heavily; I started grinding slowly, his cock going deeper into my pussy than before and I could feel it rubbing against my cervix. René put one arm behind me, and told me to arch my back. He began to thrust in and out quickly, water splashing around us. I felt something on my clit and realised it was René's thumb, circling my clit, I moaned, felt both nipples harden and clamped down as I screamed, "Oh, God I'm cumming again!" 

I had had multiple orgasms before but nothing like nearly every single time like with René. He had a sexy body, rock-hard abs and glutes, well actually, everything about him was rock-hard.

I reached behind and under me to where his cock was pounding in my pussy. I grasped the base of his cock between my thumb and index finger and squeezed gently for added friction although his cock was much larger than Corey's.

"Oh God, Kimberly! I'm gonna cum if you don't stop that soon," moaned René over the sound of the hot tub, sucking in his breath.

I lessened the hold as I wanted the two of us to cum together and he pulled me closer, his thumb and index fingers now rubbing on both sides of my clit. My nipples rubbed against his chest and I clenched as I came again. 

"How about you and I cum together? I am getting hungry," René whispered in my ear.

"Hungry for what, Master Cabot?" I asked as I winked.

I slid my hand behind us once again and wrapped my thumb and index fingers around his cock, gripping it tighter each time he thrusted in and out. 

"I'm gonna cum! Pound that cock deep in my pussy. Make me cum hard for you," I screamed.

"Oh babe, I love when you talk to me like that! I'm gonna cum!" René moaned loudly.

I squeezed his cock as tight as I could while he rubbed my clit faster.

"Yeah babe, I'm cumming, oh my God, fuck yeah, I'm cumming all over your hard cock" I screamed, releasing more juices onto his cock and into the hot tub.

René thrusted deeply and quickly, "Hold on beautiful, I'm cumming!" he yelled out.

I kept bouncing up and down until I could no longer feel his cock twitching inside of me.

"Now, that's what I call a good appetizer," I said and winked at him.

We climbed out of the tub, wrinkled and freshly fucked.

"Do you think anyone heard us?" I asked shyly.

René grinned and said, "I'm positive the whole neighbourhood heard us!"

"Oh no, how am I going to face Phillipe and Lucille?

"Easily, you walk in the room and say 'hi,'" he said playfully.

"René!" I hissed, "I don't have any clothes to wear." 

We dried off with towels that were laid out beside the hottub. "I don't remember seeing those there."

René grinned, "Well you were kind of busy to notice things, besides Lucille laid them out about forty-five minutes ago, right after you hopped on my lap."

"Oh my God, oh my God, I'm so embarrassed," I stammered.

He soothed me and said, "Don't be embarrassed, she didn't stay long, only long enough to see two consenting adults enjoying a late evening soak in the hot tub."

When we walked back into the bedroom, I noticed my clothes dried and folded neatly on René's bed. "See babe, nothing to worry about, you have clothes," he said.

As we stepped out into the hall and started to descend the expansive staircase to the entertaining level of his home, I realized how hungry I was. We entered the dining room where there were two place settings set up across from each other which included red wine, lit candles and a dozen long-stemmed white roses, representing purity and charm, which is how René saw me even if he thought I was a tigress in the sack.

We took our places at the table where we were greeted by Christophe, one of the maitre d's. He brought in Smoked Duck, atop spiced Ricotta, and fig jam, topped with a sprig of fresh arugula. Before leaving, he poured us each a glass of wine. 

I looked at it quizzically and took a cautious bite. "Oh my goodness, this is so good," I gushed.

"I'm glad you like it, it's one of my favourite appetizers," said René.

As we finished eating, Christophe removed our dishes and empty wine glasses. I thanked him with a smile. René said with a grin and a wink, "No flirting with the staff!"

He then reached across the table and took my hand and said, 'I can't explain it, but I feel like we belong together."

I would love nothing more than to believe him but with his good looks, the two of us attending different schools and hanging with different crowds, me being away for softball, him being away for modelling or commercials or both would ruin any chance of a relationship. "I feel it too but there are a lot of things that could stand in our way," I warned him.

We continued our conversation although I was wary of making any plans as we had just met less than 4 hours ago. But I did have to admit we did get along splendidly and the sex was mind-blowing!

René excused himself from the table, came around to my chair and pulled it out. He offered me his hand and I stood. We walked hand-in-hand up the majestic staircase and to a bedroom across the hall from his. "Is this ok Kimberly," he asked.

"Yes, it's perfect," I said as I glanced at the raised canopy bed with a stool beside it. I noticed the balcony and walked across the bedroom to see what other secrets this room had. To my left, there was an ensuite bathroom, complete with jacuzzi, stand up shower stall with tile and glass walls, very similar to the one in René's room; his and her sinks, a walk-in closet almost as big as my room back at the dorms, and antique furniture matching my bed ensemble. I went back into the bathroom and hopped in the shower, opting for a quick way to wash the chlorine off from the hot tub.

When I got out, I pulled a beautiful rose towel off the towel rack and began to dry off. I heard a knock at the door and wrapped the towel around my body as I approached the door.

"Who is it?" I asked.

"It's me, René. Open up please."

"Oh my goodness!" I squealed when I saw the chocolate-covered strawberries. René was wearing Jockey pyjama pants worn loosely around his hips and no top, which showed his physique off nicely.

"Would you like to enjoy them in my room or yours?" he asked.

"Let's try yours," I said to him.

René took my hand with his free hand and led me across the hall to his bedroom where I discovered his bed was turned down, a few candles were lit around the room, emitting relaxing scents of lavender and sandalwood, a bottle of champagne on ice, and two champagne flutes.

"Are you trying to turn me on? I'm supposed to be getting rested up for practice tomorrow morning," I reminded him with a smile.

"I don't know about me turning you on but you definitely turn me on. The first time I saw you, a couple weeks ago at one of my brother's frat parties, I knew I needed to meet you. It took me that long to find out who you were," René said. "I saw that you were different from the typical girls who normally go to frat parties."

"Wow, I don't know what to say, but thank you for the flattery and the patience," I said.

"What do you say Kimberly, chocolate covered strawberries and champagne as a bed lunch snack?"

"Mmm, I can't think of a better way to end the perfect evening," I sighed.

René's bed was high off the floor and required a stool the same as the canopy bed in my room. I scooted up the stool, dropped my towel, and fell backwards onto his bed legs and arms out like a star shape. 

"René this bed is so comfortable!" I gushed. "I might just sleep here tonight."

"Kimberly you said you needed to sleep, I can't guarantee you'll get much sleep in here," he said motioning toward the mirror on the ceiling.

René poured two glasses of champagne and handed me one before crawling onto the bed with the chocolate covered strawberries. He laid on his side leaning on his left arm as he held a strawberry to my mouth and after I turned onto my right side, I bit into it, with the sweet juices running down my chin, I had a feeling they wouldn't be the only thing running down my chin.

We finished off the strawberries and champagne and I laid down in his bed, my head swirled from the alcohol. Our coaches had us on a strict "no alcohol" rule within twelve hours of field time and I wasn't sure I'd be able to pull this one off. 

René sensed something was up and asked if I was ok. I told him I was a little dizzy, probably from the mixing of alcohol. He got out of bed, went into the bathroom and returned with a bottle of Tylenol and a bottle of water from the bar fridge in his room. He handed them to me and I popped a couple pills and took a long swill from the water bottle.

I moved up on the bed and laid my head on a pillow, my head resting comfortably. 

René leaned over me and murmured into my ear, "I'll let you sleep in here in peace, babe. I'll take your room across the hall in case you need me."

"René," I mumbled, "please stay here with me."

He stepped out of his jockeys and eased himself into bed, getting hard again. I was aware of him beside me and thought, "There is no way I am going to get any sleep next to René." I tried to slow my breathing so I could drift to sleep. 

The next thing I remember was waking up, feeling refreshed but confused as to where I was. Then I remembered the magical night I had just had. I turned and saw René still asleep, slipped out of bed, and tiptoed to the bathroom. I looked in the mirror, fixed my hair a little, searched in the top left bathroom drawer for some toothpaste, and such to my surprise, there was some there. I squeezed some onto my finger and rubbed it on my teeth, my tongue, cheeks and roof of my mouth. I made my way back to the bed quietly, glanced at his alarm clock, and slipped in unnoticed.

René was sleeping on his back, snoring softly. I wondered if 7:30 was too early to wake him up. I took my chances and slipped below the satin sheets, straddled his legs and bent down to take his cock in my mouth. I was surprised by how quickly it hardened. I slipped my hand between my legs and began rubbing my pussy, slipping in two fingers, and started working my g-spot. I slurped and sucked his cock, and felt René stirring in bed, gently starting to thrust his cock in my mouth. I rubbed his shaft up and down, taking him deeper and deeper each time, becoming more confident in my cocksucking ability. 

"Kimberly," René breathed heavily, "come up here and give me a good morning kiss."

I slid up his chiseled body, running my hands over every part, my nipples danced along his skin, getting hard. When I finally popped my head out from under the sheets, he pulled me in for a deep and breathtaking kiss. When I broke the kiss, I figured since I was already straddling his body, and my pussy was very wet, I lowered myself onto him, taking him in inch by inch, and feeling my pussy stretch.

"Ohhh, it feels like someone's been naughty this morning," grinned René after kissing me.

I sat up, hands on my knees, looking René straight in the eyes and slowly raised and lowered myself on his cock so he could see it being devoured by my sopping pussy.

"Ooo," René breathed in sharply, "that is so hot Kimberly." He began to thrust his cock deeper in my pussy. "You are insatiable, you little sex fiend."

I laughed, "I love sex but since I haven't had it in almost four months, I guess I might seem a bit insatiable. Now be quiet and let's fuck!"

I matched René's pace and felt an orgasm starting to build. I began rubbing my clit, which was extremely swollen, in circular motion. 

"Baby, I'm gonna cum for you," and sat down, taking his cock in really deep. I began rubbing my clit with my index and middle fingers rubbing on each side of my nub. The clitoral orgasm came first as I screamed, "Holy fuck baby, I'm cumming!" The cum squirted right up and over his head.

"Oh babe, that was awesome. Do it again for me!" he coaxed.

"Don't worry, lots more where that came from!" as I squirted more. "Ohhhh, baby, there's a big one coming..." 

I bounced up and down and took his cock deeper than I had imagined possible. "Oh God! I'm cumming babe!"

"Yeah, that's it baby, cum all over my big hard cock," urged René.

Just hearing him utter those words caused another explosion from within. I came so hard, I spuirted and pushed him almost completely out of my pussy. 

I took a short break and turned around on his cock, now facing his feet with my ass facing him. "Fuck me hard René, I want to cum all over your cock again!" I begged.

He listened. 

He grabbed onto my hips and began rocking me back and forth, driving his cock fast and deep.

"Ohhh yeah, keep doing that René. You are hitting my G-spot right on now!" I moaned loudly. Without warning, he stuck a finger up my ass and wiggled it. I came immediately because of that extra stimulation. I gushed all over his cock, down his balls, into the crack of his ass and onto the sheets.

Because of all my juices, I decided to be brave and asked, "Babe, will you fuck me in the ass please?"

I heard a quiet, "Are you sure?"

"Mmm, please fuck my ass, René," I said with more enthusiasm. 

René took his finger out of my ass and sat up, forcing me onto my hands and knees. He knelt behind me and positioned his cock at my little ass pucker. He rubbed his cock and pre-cum glistened, using it for more lubrication. 

I felt my hole widening and it was a sensation I cannot describe even still to this day. I heard René moan softly as his cock sunk deeper and deeper. My nipples became so hard, I raised my left tit toward my mouth. I took my nipple in my mouth and flicked it feverishly with my tongue.

René, with his hands on my hips, saw what I was doing and exclaimed, "Kimberly, that is so fucking hot, I really want to drive my cock deep inside you."

When I momentarily stopped sucking my nipple my answer was, "Mmm, that sounds good."

With that, René tightened his grip on my hips and thrust his cock in really deep! I felt like I was being ripped in half. He pushed deeper and deeper each time and I realized I was enjoying this new found pleasure hole.

René told me to finger myself while he was pounding my ass. I stopped sucking my nipple and moved that hand to my pussy and with two fingers, I easily found my G-spot. I could feel his cock rubbing against my fingers. I felt the pressure building and was soon screaming that I was cumming. 

"Babe, keep going like that, I'm cumming hard!" I pleaded with him. My hot juices gushed out, again soaking the bed. 

René said, "Baby, I'm getting really close but I'd like to cum in your pussy."

I was enjoying the multiple orgasms but was completely fine with having him cum deep in my pussy. René pulled his cock out of my ass slowly, wow that sensation was fantastic!

He backed away from me, rolled me over onto my back and pulled me to the edge of the bed. He spread my legs and drove his cock deep in my pussy. He braced himself with his hands on the bed and I had a perfect view of our wake-up call watching my tits move with each thrust. I had made a other discovery that morning, watching yourself being fucked is very erotic.

René pulled himself partially upright and cupped my right tit in his hand, then tightened his grip, pinching my nipple.

I moaned, "Oh fuck René, that feels so good!"

He tightened his grip further and pulled my tit just as I screamed, "I'm cumming babe!" 
