 ****Fans, I am so sorry for the tardiness of this latest story. Unfortunately I have experienced some serious health conditions which have prevented me from creating. I thank you for your continued support and readership. - Kimberly****

*****

René watched my college softball team, the Eagles, play two exhibition games against his college's team, the Ravens. Although I was a freshman, I had played all seven innings of each game as the Eagles' catcher, even though they had a veteran catcher.

After the games finished, we shook hands with the Ravens and wished them luck in their regular season as we were not in the same division. Claire, the other freshman on our team and I were in charge of gathering the equipment after games so René waited for us to finish up and took my hand as we walked to his car. We stopped by the sports centre to drop off the equipment before going back to my dorm to change.

René pulled up in front of my dorm and turned to me, and suggested, "Kimberly, just bring your uniform to my place and Lucille will be able to get the dirt out of your softball pants."

I smiled at him and laughed, "I figure this is your way to get me out of my pants!"

He raised an eyebrow and grinned, "I don't think I really need an excuse to get you out of your pants, do I?"

"Maybe last night was a one-time thing?" I teased.

René cocked his head to the side and said, "Well from my count, it certainly wasn't one-time. Do you have plans for this evening?"

"I really need to get some schoolwork done, how about a raincheck?" I asked, hoping he wouldn't think I was trying to brush him off.

"Kimberly, it's Saturday night, studies can wait until tomorrow, can't they? How about we go to see a broadway show?" suggested René.

I loved that idea but I had nothing to wear. I felt the redness creeping up my cheeks and replied, "I'd love to go but I have nothing to wear. Plus I really need to study."

René sighed, got out of the car and came around to my side, opened my door, held out his hand and helped me out of the car, giving me a goodbye kiss that sent shivers throughout my body. When he returned behind the wheel and sped off; I watched until he was out of site. I turned to go into the dorm, my bottom lip still tingling from his kiss.

I immediately hit the showers, lathering up in a rose scented body wash and washed my hair with something called 'White Tea' I think. After toweling off, I slipped into sweats, a tank top, pulled my hair into a messy bun and for the next three hours, I studied with my music on, making real headway until I heard a knock on the door. I got up, stuck my pencil behind my ear, walked to the door and opened it. There was René, dressed in a tuxedo, holding a single red rose and a dress bag.

"May I come in?" he asked.

I stepped back, holding the door open wide for him to enter. "Of course!" I said excitedly. I eyes him suspiciously and asked, "Did you find another date?"

"I hope you don't mind, but I picked up a couple dresses for you to try for this evening," René explained. "You can't spend Saturday night in your dorm room studying."

I filled up an empty water bottle and stuck the rose in it so it wouldn't wilt. I took the garment bag from him, set it on my bed, and unzipped it. I didn't know much about brand names but I didn't really need to as I could tell these were expensive. "René, I can't," I stammered, "these are just too beautiful."

"A beautiful woman deserves to wear a beautiful gown, love," he said quietly and kissed me on the cheek.

I looked at the two dresses he brought. One was a beautiful black, fitted, sequined gown with a very racy, plunging neckline and a high slit on one side. The other was an off-shoulder, red chiffon and lace mermaid style gown with a lace train. Red, being my favorite color, I chose the chiffon/lace gown and went into the shared restroom to change. When I emerged, René helped me zip up the gown in the back. I wished I had some nice jewelry to wear and it was almost like René was reading my mind. He reached inside his tuxedo jacket and pulled out two boxes from a jewelers. 

Before opening the boxes, he removed the elastic from my hair and it fell, cascading over my shoulders. He brushed my hair off to the side and fastened a very expensive pearl-drop diamond pendant on a white gold necklace around my neck. He then opened the other box and affixed a diamond bracelet around my delicate arm and held matching pearl-drop diamond earrings for me to put through my ears. 

"René, I can't wear all this!" I exclaimed.

"Don't worry about it Kimberly. I borrowed the jewelry from my parents' store," he said matter-of-factly.

When I turned to look in the mirror, even with my hair messy, I thought I almost looked decent. I asked him to sit tight for a few minutes while I went to find someone who could put my hair into a French Twist and help apply some make-up. When I returned, René let out a small whistle. I was pleased he was pleased.

"Just one problem," I said to him.

"You can take one night off from your studies," he said sarcastically. I agreed but asked if I could bring along my books as I had a feeling I wouldn't be making it back to my dorm tonight.

He nodded and we walked down the hall, arm-in-arm to a SUV parked out front. "What kind of car is this?" I asked.

"It's a Bentayga," he stated, and when I clearly had no idea, he finished, "it's a Bentley."

He nodded to a man dressed in a tuxedo who then opened the back door of the SUV. René held my gown off the ground as I ducked to get into the backseat. Once I was seated, René slid in, put his arm around my shoulders and started to sing quietly, "'The lady in red, is dancing with me, cheek to cheek...'"

I laughed as I was nervous, no one had ever serenaded me before.

"You don't like my singing Kimberly?" he asked.

I stammered, "T- t-t-that's not it at all. I've never had anyone pay this much attention to me other than when on the ball field."

"You are a sexy woman who demands attention, no matter what you are doing. I thought you were so adorable when you answered your door wearing sweats, hair loosely piled on your head and a pencil behind your ear, then within minutes you come back into the room looking sophisticated and sure of yourself. I love that you aren't high maintenance," René whispered in my ear.

His warm breath in my ear was making me want him, now. When René started to nibble on my ear, I moaned softly, feeling my nipples hardening, straining against the inside of the gown.

"René, please stop or we won't make it to the show," I begged. 

He pulled away just as we arrived at the theatre. We waited for the door to be opened for us and when Sven, our driver, came around, I noticed René tipped him $100.

We strolled in arm-in-arm inside where he led me to a private viewing booth. We spoke quietly until the lights went down. I was engulfed with the love story that was unfolding on the stage in front of us.

After the show, we exited the theatre and Sven was waiting outside for us. It was raining gently so René removed his tuxedo jacket and draped it over my shoulders. We slipped into the backseat and when Sven got in, he closed the privacy window. We couldn't keep our hands off of each other. René unzipped the back of my gown and slid his hands between it and my skin. Just the feel of his touch on my skin made my nipples grow taught. René pulled me closer and crushed his mouth down on mine in one of the most exhilarating kisses I'd ever had. 

He wrapped one arm around me and guided me backwards on the seat of the Bentley. He struggled to get my dress up, so he peeled it down, my breasts spilling out as he took one of my taught nipples in his mouth. I arched my back and moaned under his weight. I could feel his cock beginning to harden against my leg and I hoped he would peel the rest of this dress off soon; I wasn't wearing any panties and I didn't want to get anything on this dress!

As if he could read my mind, René ran gentle little kisses down my stomach, paused at my belly button and tugged gently on my belly button ring. He continued his path to my sweet spot, stopped and looked up at me when he discovered I chose to go 'commando' for the evening. I offered no explanation, grinned and winked. He pulled the gown completely off, the only things I was wearing were a smile, the diamonds and a pair of racy black heels.

"Leave the heels on, baby," René said just before he started to feast on my pussy. He spread apart my pussy's lips with his thumbs and began to lick me gently. He became more aggressive, sticking three fingers in my pussy as he lapped away. It wasn't until he put extra pressure on my clit that I noticed an orgasm building.

"René, babe, I'm close to cumming," I managed to squeak out just before squirting into his mouth, and all over his face. 

"Mmm, you taste wonderful, baby," he said as he lifted his head momentarily. This was the first time I'd ever made love in a moving vehicle. It was strange noticing the street lights going by and then those same lights becoming further apart. Without warning, he lowered his head again and had started to nibble on my swollen clit; I began to buck against his face, which triggered another orgasm. This time, as my juices exited my body, I held completely still. 

I hadn't noticed that René had pulled his trousers off and unbuttoned his shirt until he slid up my body, lifted me gently off of the car seat and onto his lap. 

I slid onto his hard, thick cock easily, my pussy getting used to its length and girth. My tits bounced at mouth height where he sucked on them hungrily. As I rode his cock, I picked up the pace, and René bit my nipples playfully. 

"Mmm, oh yeah, René, oh fuck yeah, I'm almost there," I moaned as I felt, yet a third orgasm coming on. I buried my head in his shoulder, bit gently and clamped down on his cock with my pussy.

"Kimberly, babe, you don't want me to cum too soon, do you?" he breathed unsteadily. 

I began making slow rotating motions with my hips, nibbled on his neck and whispered, "I'll go whatever pace you want babe but the night is young and there is lots more time for that."

René tightened his hold on me, his left arm hugging my back and his right hand rested on my ass, guiding me at his preferred pace. I wasn't sure where we were driving but the road was noticeably uneven and bumpy. Tonight had a lot of firsts for me: nice dresses, jewellery, shoes, riding in a Bentley, broadway, and making love in a moving vehicle.

"Oh God, Kimberly, you make me so hot! I'm going to cum baby!"

I rotated my hips faster and he pulled me closer. Between the actions from each of us, I tipped my head back and moaned, "Oh fuck me harder, I'm gonna cum, René." By now he was lifting his ass up off the seat and driving his cock hard and deep inside my pussy. I whimpered with each thrust as I was about to go over the edge.

We were both breathing deeply and satisfied as the car began to slow. We scrambled to find our clothing.

"Kimberly, I hope you don't mind that I didn't take you back to college this evening but I wanted to show you my cottage," said René as he helped me back into my gown.

When we came to a stop, Sven opened the door for us, took my hand as I stepped out of the SUV until René joined me at my side. Sven walked around the vehicle, got in, and drove out of site.

René clasped my hand and led me to the most wonderful "cottage" I'd ever seen. When we arrived at the doorway, he lifted me into his arms, opened the door, and carried me over the threshold. Once inside, he set me down, turned on the lights. I looked around at the open concept main level of the cottage. 

I noticed the "A-frame" shape of the windows and slipped my shoes off, walked across the room and opened French doors to an expansive deck overlooking the ocean. I leaned against the glass railing, breathed in deeply, hearing the waves raging against the shoreline. My nipples got hard in the cool mist from the waves and wind. 

I felt René approach from behind and then his strong arms were around me. I reached one arm off the railing, lifted it over my shoulder and around his neck. He nuzzled my neck gently, his warm breath mingling with the cool air. 

"Kimberly, would you like to join me inside?" asked René.

"Mmm, I'd like to stay out here if its it's not too much trouble," I whispered.

"A girl who loves spontaneity as much as I do. You are definitely after my heart," he said as he began to slowly pull my gown off my shoulders, leaving a trail of kisses where the fabric had just been. 

My nipples were still hard from being exposed to the night air. I moaned as his hands moved over my stomach and made their way to my breasts. René rolled my nipples gently between his thumb and index finger. 

He turned me around gently and lowered himself until he was kneeling in front of my glistening pussy. He gently lifted my legs off the patio and placed them on his shoulders. He pulled apart my lips and I felt his warm tongue and breath between my legs. I automatically spread my thighs and tilted my pelvis toward him. 

I felt him moan as he covered my pussy with his mouth, moving side-to-side, his tongue darting hungrily inside my pussy. I held onto the railing as I arched my back over it. The crashing of the waves deafened the sounds of my screams as I came explosively onto his face. René moved quickly, trying to lap up my juices.

I bucked against him, bringing on another orgasm. He slid his hands behind me, gripped my ass and stood up, my body connected to his by approximately a 45 degree angle. I supported my weight on my shoulders on the railing with my legs bent over his shoulders as he continued to work his magic on my pussy. This was perhaps, the most interesting position I'd ever been in!

My whole body tingled as the blood rushed to my head. I felt lightheaded and dizzy but that didn't stop me from climaxing twice more! René lifted his head and smiled down at me, his beautiful eyes and smile made me warm even though it was quite chilly out in the misty air.

He gently bent down, removed my legs from his shoulders and without warning, scooped me up in his arms and sauntered over to a hot tub I hadn't noticed earlier. He noticed I was shivering so he set me down and wrapped me a robe before he removed the cover to the hot tub. 

He stepped in to make sure the water wasn't too hot and adjusted the jets before removing my robe and taking my hand to guide me in. The hot tub could easily fit a dozen people but I was perfectly content with just the two of us there. 

Over the next hour or so, we made love slowly but fiercely. When the two of us were spent, we exited the hot tub, wrapped in robes and ran inside. René took my hand and led me up the steps to the loft. The upstairs was one large bedroom, with attached ensuite, a sitting area with a fireplace, and a huge media centre.

René showed me how to operate his shower and I stepped in, looking quizzically at him.

"You aren't going to join me?" I asked incredulously.

"Not yet baby, I'm going to start a fire so it'll be warm when we go to bed."

I smiled and winked as I slid the shower door closed. I closed my eyes and stepped under the spray of the water. I couldn't believe how lucky I was to have found such a wonderful man. Even though we hadn't known each other for more than a couple days, I could envision myself with him. 

I didn't hear the shower door slide open and didn't know he was inside until I felt his muscular hands on my shoulders. I thought it was strange that he hadn't said anything before I felt his cock stiff against my lower back. I reached behind me and wrapped my hand around it and it was then, I knew something wasn't right. 

I turned around and came face-to-face with someone who looked like René, but I knew it wasn't him. I screamed! I heard a set of feet running up the stairs but by then the mystery man had exited the shower.

René came running into the bathroom where I was pale and shaking. He wrapped his arms protectively around me where he took the back of my head and pushed it gently into his shoulder. He whispered, "Shhh. Everything is okay."

I was sobbing freely now and shaking my head. "He looked like you but it wasn't you," I whispered. 

He tensed for a moment then said, "What did you just say?"

I started to repeat then he started to curse. "That fucking brother of mine! He always wants what I have!" 

I stammered, "T-that was your twin brother?"

When I awoke, tucked neatly in a king size bed, René was staring at me worriedly, "Oh thank God, you're awake! You fainted, Kimberly."

"Did you find your brother? Was he actually here?" I stammered. 

René said, "I did find him. He's drunk. He claims he thought you were his date. 

I had Sven run him back to his fraternity house while I searched the grounds for a girl but the only people I saw were wait staff in their quarters part way down the hill. 

You're safe now Kimberly. He won't be bothering you again."

"René, will you come to bed and just hold me?" I asked.

He understood what I was asking, undressed, and slid into bed with me.