 I guess I left off with our Charter Bus pulling back into the school grounds around 12:30 AM. Robyn and I were returning from New Jersey, where our Lacrosse teams had played in a huge weekend preseason tournament. As the lights of the bus turned back on, and everyone struggled to their feet, I looked at her, and though the trip had been draining, without a word I knew that our evening together was far from over. In fact, if I'm honest, I had the thought that someone had entered my life who would be there always... Anyway, we gathered our gear and returned it to our lockers, and walked out onto campus. My teammates did not even ask me if I was joining them for the traditional after-trip party. I guess the word was out. I was glad. 

One thing I've not told you about Robyn, besides the fact that she was incredibly beautiful, dedicated to her family, academically brilliant, and an extremely hard worker, is that she was quite an Artist as well. She toyed with the idea of majoring in Art, and would have done fabulously in the program had she so chosen. However, she chose Political Science as her major. Her minor however, was Art. She was an incredible painter and ceramist. She was great at many things. I mention this, because we walked all over campus together that night. As we approached the Art building, she looked at me and asked: "Would you like to see my stuff?" To which I coughed, and replied, "Um, yeah." She laughed, and we walked up to the door of the building. She took a ring of keys out of her pocket and opened the door. I was impressed, because only the top students are given keys to buildings-one of my fraternity brothers had a key to the Physics Labs, and one of my friends had keys to the Theater and the Music Buildings. They were both brilliant. Once again, I was impressed with Robyn. It would not be the last time. 

We walked into the building, and she took my hand and walked me up the stairs to a huge, open loft space. This room had been the old theater, and was now just a huge parquet floor with lots of space that had been doctored up over the years-they called it the "Black Box," because it essentially looked like that-four huge black walls. But there were individual carrels and rooms created by room separators-a very eclectic room. Robyn walked me over to her area, which was a corner area, blocked off by room separators. Once we stepped in however, it was awe-inspiring. She not only had several paintings and ceramic items in the room, but had painted her side of the separator walls-it was essentially paintings of people that she knew-her family, her friends, her sorority sisters, her teammates. It was incredible. There seemed to be nothing she could not do. Such meticulous detail. Her actual paintings were fabulous as well-she was working on a series of paintings chronicling her family's arrival in America. Her grandparents married in Ireland, came over and opened a business in Philadelphia-working long days and nights to provide for Robyn's mother and her seven siblings. She had portraits of each of them in a progression of colors-it was really quite striking. "What do you think?" she asked me as I stared at her work. "Incredible" was the only word I was able to get out. Incredible. It so was. I saw people that I knew on her walls, and it not only looked like them, but captured the very essence of who they were. She had painted a picture of Corinne, who as you may recall from my earlier story, was one of Robyn's best friends, with whom I'd had a brief yet torrid relationship as a freshman. I got to know Corinne, and we were friends-It was simply spot on-almost to the point that it was unsettling. I should tell you, to this day, there is a painting of me on that wall, but that is another story entirely. 

"I want to show you something," she said, drawing me from my admiration. 

She took my hand and led me away from her area-she walked me towards a small foyer outside the main room. It was dark and she found and lit a small candle somewhere in the corner of the foyer. She then reached up and opened a small door above us which opened up an attic-like stairwell. She entered first, the small candle lighting up the whole room ahead of us. It was a loft, filled with blankets and quilts and pillows-surprisingly warm. As we shut the door behind us she led me over to the corner where there was a small opening in the ceiling. 

"Push up on this for me," she asked, and I obliged, raising this small door in the ceiling. 

As I stood up into the opening, I found myself poking directly out of the roof of the building. Robyn stood up next to me, and it being a small opening, our bodies pressed together and I could feel her heart beat. We looked out upon the whole campus-the lights of evening shining and little else. We stood there for quite a while-the moon was full and it washed her face in a glow the likes of which I've never seen before or since. I was awestruck. She looked at me, staring deep into my eyes. She wrapped her arms around my waist, and once again placed her head against me for what seemed an eternity. 

Have you ever experienced that moment when you connect with someone, and you feel it so strongly, and it is so who you needed at exactly the right time, and the combination of all of these things makes you almost cry for joy? If so, then you understand how Robyn and I felt at that moment. It was unreal. It stands among the happiest moments in my life. 

Robyn looked at me again and we kissed. We held one another so tight-yet it still felt that we could not get close enough. That feeling would change, however. We looked out at the campus again, and then returned to the loft, closing the door behind us. The candle still burning, she led me to a pile of blankets at the center of the room. We lay upon them and our lips met, our hands completing the work that they had begun a few hours earlier on the bus. Soon, we knelt before one another, without clothing, and looked at one another in the dim light provided by a candle of marked age. 

She was so beautiful. Her skin was soft and unblemished, and her eyes so bright and excited. Her lips were full and her cheeks deeply flushed, as were mine. I touched her face, and she leaned it into my hand, inviting my touch. I had never felt a stronger, more reverent passion in my life. I ran my fingers down her side, fully taking in her gorgeous body-full, firm breasts, her tight waist I ran my nails down her side and she shuddered at my touch-so sensitive was her skin! She returned my touch, exactly as I had felt her. Soon, we became almost a mirror of one another. She would run her mails gently over my chest, and I would reciprocate. Time Passed. We lay down. I had never been so drawn to someone. As I said, it felt as though we could not get close enough. 

I pulled her close to me, and kissed her deeply. Our tongues met and it felt more appropriate than anything I'd felt before. Everything felt right with Robyn, from the beginning. I kissed her neck, I ran my tongue along her neck and began to work my way down her body. Her breath became more rapid, and came more quickly. I kissed her breasts, which were far more beautiful up close than they had been from afar-perfect-honestly; perfect is the only word to describe them. 36 C if you must know, but they were firm and what's more, they were so, I mean SO sensitive-as was all her skin. Every inch I kissed and every place my tongue ran, she shuddered. I ran my tongue all over her breasts. At one point, I brought them together and ran my tongue between them, with each stroke, catching the sides of her nipples until she came loudly-simply from my kissing her breasts. I was not done. I began to move lower, kissing her belly and then entrenching myself between her smooth, hard thighs. She was completely shaved, and I must admit, that was an immediate turn-on, not that I needed it. I ran my tongue up her leg and the moment that she could feel my breath, she started to moan loudly as I eased my tongue inside her, I could feel her come on me-her pussy contracted over and over on my tongue-I'd never felt that, and it was unreal how excited she was and how excited she made me. I brought my face up close to her, and looked deep into her-she kissed me and ran her hands down my body until she found my cock, and with her eyes firmly locked with mine, eased me inside of her. 

At last, it seemed that we were close enough. I'll admit, I had had sex before, but it was the first time in my life that I understood the difference between having sex and making love. I felt so alive. I drove myself into Robyn, and felt her come on me over and over. It was unreal. She held onto me, driving me deeper within her and I pulled her close to me, and kissed her breasts while sending my cock deep within her. She came over and over and her cries of ecstasy drove me to come deep inside her. We collapsed in each others arms and fell asleep. When we awoke, it was morning. 

I looked at her a moment before she woke and I have to tell you-she was so beautiful. The sun shone through one small crack in the shingles and fell directly upon her face. I kissed her forehead, and her eyes opened. She looked at me and smiled. We knew, right then, that we were something special. And in truth, we were.