 This is a continuation from my earlier story “College Niece Makes Fantasy Reality”. This was my first story, so now I have written a follow-up, which mixes fantasy and fact to take the story into the following day.

I awoke early the following morning, on my side perched on the edge of the bed. I could feel a warm girl snuggled up behind me, firm breasts pushing against my back. It took a few seconds to work out where I was then everything came back to me, I felt my cock stirring but I slid quietly out of bed. The clock flashed on the side table – 0615. I pulled a large towel off the radiator and wrapped it around my waist, then paused to look at Laura sleeping soundly, the covers half off her, her smooth, creamy, naked body clearly outlined on the dark maroon sheets.

I could feel my cock stirring again but resisted the urge to dive into the bed and mount my sleeping niece, resisted the urge to wake her by parting her legs and easing my hot stiff rod into her sticky pussy, the remnants of last-nights cum would surely allow me to glide so easily inside, she would wake to feel my hot insistent thrusts, my firm torso rising and falling above her young, slender body…..

With my cock straining at the towel, I tiptoed out and closed the door gently. I ambled down the corridor towards the shower room. The block was quiet at the early hour but as I made my along I noticed the kitchen light on and a quiet humming coming from within. I paused at the door then my heart missed a skip and I found myself propelling myself into the kitchen.

Laura’s mate, Hannah, was sitting at the table flicking through a television mag. We had met last night and flirted a bit – she was gorgeous. Barely 18 years old, slim, blonde and fit. Last night she had sported a thin summer dress that had left little to the imagination, now she was lolling about in a nightie, which was slightly lacy with straps which plunged down to a low neckline.

Trying not to stare as she greeted me, I pulled up a chair opposite. “Hi Ben” she chirped. She grinned then went red…. “er, did you stay in Laura’s room last night” she ventured.

“Yeh, I er, slept on the floor”.

“Right… only I am next door…. I heard noises…” she tailed off, looking at me questioningly.

“Oh shit.” I stuttered. “Look, Hannah, keep it quiet, please for Laura’s sake if nothing else. We just both needed each other….” Now I tailed off. “I’m going to take a shower”.

I made my way to the end of the corridor and into the shower room. Closing the door behind me, I turned on the shower and waited for the warm water to flow through, then dropped my towel to the floor and stepped into the large tiled cubicle and stood there allowing the hot powerful jets to scrub me. I cursed, ‘bloody typical, next door room would be her best mate’ I thought to myself. I had just assumed it would be an anonymous college student who would have gone home for the weekend or would have heard the groans of our lovemaking, the bed head banging rhythmically on the wall and the final orgasmic cries of pleasure and just assumed Laura had copped off that night. I assumed I could have sneaked out quietly and nobody would ever make the connection.

I heard the door open and close but in the steamy cubicle I was divorced from when rest of the room. Moments later a tall, naked figure stepped into the cubicle. I gasped. It was Hannah. “Shit, Hannah, what the hell....?” She silenced me with a finger on her lips.

“I will keep quiet, but I want what Laura had” she smiled at me.

I felt my cock growing – she was beautiful and I could see her looking at my body as I looked at hers. ‘I have no choice’, I was now telling myself ‘if I don’t shag her she will tell Jayne’.

My mind raced as we stepped towards each other. She reached out, her hands on my chest, then down, down, now on my stomach, now on my bush, now, oh god, her soft hands wrapped around my stiff shaft, which leapt to her touch. She moved to press her whole body against me, her arms around me. With a sudden wave of excitement I realised she was the same height as me…. The tip of my stiff cock was in her bush.

The water continued to stream over us but no more words were exchanged. Hannah lowered her head down, down, licking her tongue down my stomach. With a gasp I felt her lips on the tip of my straining penis, then her soft wet mouth slide my (by now huge) member deep inside. She was fantastic – her teeth never touched my tender canon as she sucked hungrily at it. She began to go faster and faster. I leant back against the cold tiles, thrusting my buttocks out towards her. Hannah was now kneeling on the floor of the shower, sucking and thrusting with her mouth faster and faster. I looked down and could see her blond head rocking back and forth towards me. Below her hair spilled onto her shoulders and her firm, young breasts were swaying out and back from her body towards mine with every suck of her mouth on my penis. I couldn’t hold back “Shit, I’m Cumming” I grunted.

She pulled away, standing and reaching out, placing her soft hands around my cock as my thin jets of cum spilled out. I didn’t blame her for not swallowing, few girls do, but the blowjob had been sensational. I had deposited most of my cum into Laura last night, my cock was willing but struggling to keep up with demand! Despite this quite a few spasms deposited a fair amount of cream onto Hannah’s hands before the water sent it swirling into the plughole.

Hannah pressed herself against me, our mouths met and we French kissed hungrily. I could feel my cock still stiff and straining towards her, and smiled to myself. Jayne was always amazed how I could stay stiff and indulge in ‘seconds’ just moments after orgasm. Now Hannah felt my hard probing rod, and adjusted her stance to open her legs slightly, whilst wrapping her arms around me. In turn I bent my knees a little and groaned in ecstasy as I felt my cock rear up and meet the entrance of her vagina.

She reached down and guided me slowly inside her, then pressed hard against me as our bodies fused, our sexes seemingly welded together – my probing, rock hard penis stretching her soft but tight pussy. I got half way inside her before pulling back a little then sliding it back but couldn’t get it all the way in – she was so tight.

Hannah was rocking against me, pressing her clitoris down onto my meat. Although I was keeping up a rhythm, I was only managing to get part way into her. However, Hannah was panting, her mouth by my ear, and started to moan softly “oh yes, oh god, that’s it, oh Ben, oh fuck”.

I bucked faster and faster towards her as I started to realise that, despite my limited access to her young tight tunnel she was starting to cum. She met my thrusts and we both bucked in sync together as her grip on my back became tighter, her nails starting to dig in to my back, as she started to orgasm. Suddenly she half screamed, half moaned “Oh god” and quivered violently.

As I thrust hard towards her, I felt a hot flood of juice inside her pussy. Her orgasm had triggered the release of her pussy juices which flowed around my cock, which now thrust deep inside her, causing us both to groan loudly as our pubic ridges ground together, our bodies becoming one naked writhing mass of orgasmic pleasure. Before her orgasm could fully subside, my cock strained to reach the inner depths; her warm wet cunt gripped me hard as the pleasure spilled over.

We gripped each other tight as my sperm started to jet deep inside her body. Her pubic ridge pushed hard down on the base of my engorged cock as I filled her with spunk. Despite three orgasms in the last 7 hours, I could not believe how long and intense this was. It felt like the first time with Jayne – very intense.

Our legs gave way beneath us, and we gently collapsed onto the floor of the shower, the hot water still splashing over us. Slowly Hannah pulled away from me, my still-hard cock slipping out and back against my belly. She stood up and smiled down at me. I couldn’t help but notice my sperm dribbling from her pussy lips and down her legs. “Thank you, Ben” she whispered. “I couldn’t have wished for a better first time – it was mindblowing. I won’t tell anyone about this or last night.” She paused, then reached down, kissed me gently and then slid out of the cubicle.

As I picked myself up from the floor, and turned off the water, I heard the door open and close again and then silence. As I slowly drip-dried I took in her words. “First time!” God, I had just taken a young girl’s virginity, the morning after shagging my niece! I stepped out of the cubicle and dried the last few drips from my body. My cock had now subsided as I patted it with the towel, a few dribbles of semen seeping from the tip. Now I must get back to Laura….

To be continued…….