 Note to the reader. This is the second and final chapter in a series. You may want to read the first story to learn about the characters and their background.

Also thanks to Chez for her help editing this one. Hopefully everyone who read the first installment will see the improvement. As always, please vote and feel free to leave any constructive comments.

College Class Reunion -- The Next Day

Waking up

I woke up Sunday morning wondering if all of last night had been a dream or whether I'd really fooled around with Sharon, a classmate of mine from 25 years ago. It certainly seemed real, and I know I'd been thinking about it most of the night. But did I really act out on my desires?

If I did, I wonder what she thought of a married man coming onto her in the parking lot of her hotel. Were we both that drunk? In know I wasn't, I'd been cutting back since we got to the bar at 11.

I got up and went up to see what my folks were doing. On the table, I found a note saying they'd gone to church and would see me when they got back around 11. Mom also let me know there were homemade cinnamon rolls in the refrigerator. After a roll, some coffee and a piece of fruit, I felt pretty good. No hangover feeling I would expect if I'd really drank a lot the night before.

As I was eating, I remember getting Sharon's cell number yesterday when she was planning to go to part of the homecoming game and then catching up with us later. I decided to take a chance that she might be awake.

When I called, it rolled over to voicemail after 5 rings. "Hi, you've reached Sharon. You know the drill, leave your name, number and a brief message and I'll get back to you as soon as I can. "

"Hi Sharon, this is Terry. I think we talked last night about connecting up the next time I make it to Chicago. Rather than wait that long, I was hoping I could take you to breakfast this morning before you head back home. Give me a call when you get this message"

With nothing else to do, I took my shower and then got the car packed. About 9:30, my cell went off. I knew it was too early for my parents, so I assumed it was either Sharon or my wife. "Hi Terry, this is Sharon. I just got your message. I'd been out to breakfast with Lisa, Karen and Ann." You said.

"No problem Sharon. I was just hoping I could see you before you left. Did Lisa get off OK?" I inquired.

"Yea, she left from the restaurant. I came back to finish packing and then was going to head out. I guess we could have a cup of coffee. There's a pot in my room. But, what are you expecting?" you asked with a cautious tone to your voice.

"What I expect Sharon is to see your wonderful smile. Is that an acceptable response?" I asked with a grin. I know we were talking on the phone, but I hoped it came across.

"Well OK. How long will it take you to get here? I'm in room 134. It is at the end of the hall, just as you come in the parking lot. I think you can come in those doors." you replied.

"Give me about 20 minutes and I'll be there. I have to make a stop first, because I'll be hitting the road after I leave you".

I quickly finish packing and jump in my car. About a mile from my parent's place there is a Walgreens where I stop to get a single rose and a box of condoms. While I'm there, I also get two bottles of Diet Coke with Lime for my 8-hour drive.

I arrive at your door in 22 minutes from when we hung up. Just as I'm about to knock, you open the door. "I saw you walk up to the side entrance" you grinned. As you opened the door wider, I walked past you, but not without catching a whiff of your citrus smelling hair.

When I turn around, I see you walking toward the bathroom. "I'll start the coffee now" you say as you walk by. I'm looking at how different but nice you look from last night. Now you are wearing a beige corduroy jacket over the same black sweater. Only now, instead of skirt and stockings, you are wearing some tight jeans with your boots. The jeans do a good job of showing off your long legs and other assets.

When my gaze makes it's way back up to your face, I see you caught me admiring your looks. As you pour the water into the maker, you ask again, "Are you sure all you expect is to see my smile?"

"Sharon, as I said earlier, all I expect is to see your smile, and I've see you smiling now." After a brief pause I add, "But maybe what you really should have asked is, 'Is a smile all you are hoping for?'" while I walk closer to you.

You push the brew button then look up at me. "About last night" you start.

"Shh" I say as I put my finger against your lips in the classic signal to be quiet. "Sharon, I really enjoyed last night. I had wanted to kiss you all day. And if you'd have asked me this morning what I was hoping for, I'd have replied, '1. That Lisa has left, which she has. Number two, that you would call up front for a late check out." I then moved my finger away from your lips and slid them around the back of your neck. I gently pull you to me, leaning down to kiss you. I feel a little resistance, and you don't immediately open your mouth. When I step a little closer, I feel you begin to relax. I feel your lips part slightly.

When we break the kiss, I look into your eyes as they open. "Terry, we shouldn't. Last night we were both drunk," you say sheepishly. 

"No Sharon, I wasn't. You probably hadn't noticed that once we got to The Winery, I'd switched to straight Diet Coke. I had the one Irish coffee. I knew I was driving. And then when I found out I'd be taking you home, I wanted to be doubly careful. So no, I wasn't drunk. I knew exactly what I was starting." I whispered as I continue to look for a sign. Not seeing you back away, I let my right hand slide inside your jacket to your waist and bend to resume kissing you. This time, there wasn't the hesitancy there had been before.

I soon feel your hands at my waist and then my back. I can feel your chest, with the coat still on, pressing against my chest. I let the fingers of my left hand curl through your soft hair, and brush the back of your neck. I think I hear a brief moan into my mouth. As the passion builds I decide it is time to test the waters. How will you respond to my next move?

I remove my left hand from behind your head, letting it slide along the collar of your jacket. Meanwhile, my other hand slides up along your side, barely brushing your breast before coming to your left lapel. With both hands, I spread the lapels and lift the jacket over your shoulders. You look at me for a moment before moving your arms so I can remove your jacket. Once it is off, I lay it nicely on the couch.

You move into the bathroom to begin pouring the now done coffee. "I think you said something about a cup of coffee."

I walk up behind you, brushing your dark hair off your left shoulder and onto your right. My arms move around your waist and I look in the mirror and into your eyes. "Did I tell you how sexy you looked last night?" I whispered into your ear before nibbling on your earlobe. My hands begin caressing your stomach and sides. My eyes never leave yours. "And you look very attractive this morning too" I add, letting one hand brush over your breast. As I do so, I realize you aren't wearing a bra. I can feel a little sag, but also feel the little bump from your nipple.

"I bet you say that to all the girls" you murmur before I gently pinch your nipple. This causes you to moan. My other hand is caressing the rest of your body, your hips, your ass, your thighs, your arms and your stomach. I feel you begin to relax against me as I nibble on your neck. I don't notice your right hand moving along my thigh till you've grasped my ass and pull me tighter. When you hear me moan in surprise, you wiggle your jean-covered ass against my crotch.

My response is to lower my hand from your breast to the hem of your sweater. "You like watching me touch you don't you Sharon?" I inquired and my hand moved under your sweater and t-shirt. I again felt your soft skin as my hand snaked higher and higher. I was soon cupping your breast, letting my finger brush over your right nipple. You lean your head back onto my right shoulder as my fingers continued to manipulate your bundle of nerves. You feel its power shooting from your breasts to your sex. You can feel the dampness forming between your legs. My right hand continues to touch you, though moving now along your outer thigh and back up your inner thigh.

Without thinking, you spread your legs, allowing my fingers to cup your sex. I can feel the heat of your arousal through the thick material of your jeans. You thrust your hips forward when I begin squeezing my fingers against you. "Does that feel good? Can you feel your wet panties pressing against your clit? Or aren't you wearing any panties, like you weren't wearing a bra?" I chuckled softly into your ear.

All I get as a reply is a moan. I remove my hand from your breast and lower it to the bottom of the sweater. Your eyes are watching my other hand as I lift it from your crotch to the other side of your sweater. "I want to see those lovely breast of your Sharon. I want to see them in the light rather than in the shadows like last night." With that, I begin lifting your sweater up over your body. You raise your arms to assist me.

I'm watching you in the mirror as I expose more of your flesh. I see your belly button isn't pierced like I though it might be. It is very sexy never the less. I pause as I begin seeing the swell of your breast. Your body shudders as the hem of your sweater scrapes over your nipples. You shake your hair out as the sweater passes over your head. I throw it off to the side before brushing your hair over to your right shoulder again. "I think you look so sexy with my arms around you like this." I whisper into your ear. My hands are moving lightly over your newly exposed skin. Across your stomach, up your sides, down your arms, back around your waist till I'm cupping your breasts.

My left hand moves to caress your right tit, brushing over your nipple. Your eyes are half closed as you lean your head back on my shoulder, but I can still see your eyes are watching my face. Meanwhile, my right hand slides down the outside of your right thigh, along your jeans as far as I can reach. I then drag my fingers up your inner thigh. My nails are sending shivers of anticipation through you, centering on your sex. As I inch my way higher, I feel you spread your feet just a bit. You let out a moan when my hand begins cupping and squeezing your crotch. You press your ass back, feeling my erection behind you.

I use my left hand to distract you by squeezing and pulling on your nipple. You reach back to begin squeezing my ass, pulling me and my hard-on tighter against you. I begin lifting my hand to your waist before undoing the button on your jeans. Your eyes flash open and I hear you whisper "Yes," encouraging me to continue. It takes a little longer to lower your zipper but I do succeed. Through the opening, I see the white lace of your panties.

My fingers slide inside your jeans, pressing the wet lace into your slit. "Someone is a little wet, are you as horny now as I am?" I ask before nibbling on your bare shoulder. A simple nod is your only response other than rotating your ass over my crotch. When I reach in deeper I'm amazed at how really wet you are. You let out a moan as my finger presses the lacey material over your clit.

When I move my hand inside your panties, I first encounter the little tuft of hair before reaching the top of your slit. I then notice your breathing has changed. I continue my journey lower, still marveling at how wet and slippery you are. When I connect with your erect clit, I feel you stiffen. You suck in a breath as I begin running my digit around your little button of pleasure.

I increase my pace and feel your response. Soon, you are panting, "Don't stop, that feels so good Terry." "Tell me what you want Sharon, do you want me to make you cum again like last night?" I whisper.

"Please Terry" you start before sensing I want more. "Please Terry, use your fingers to make me cum. You have me so close."

Not wanting you to cum to quickly, I push my hand deeper till my finger is at the entrance to your pussy. You whimper as I circle the entrance without entering. You begin pushing your hips forward hoping that will push me in.

I figure I've teased you enough so I curl my finger inside you. Your pussy begins contracting around me. You are very tight, but I slide in easily with all of your lubrication. I start pumping my finger in and out, letting my thumb continue to brush over your slippery clit. "Faster" you scream as I add another finger inside you. I start moving faster and am soon rewarded by your leg quivering. Your body stiffens and I feel a flood of your nectar covering my hand. "Yes, don't stop. It feels so damn good." You pant. It gets harder to move my fingers as your muscles clamp down on them with a vise like grip.

I feel your other hand cover your crotch in a sign you want me to stop. You seem to be holding your breath and then I feel your legs begin to do limp. A short step forward pins you between the vanity and my body. It seems like minutes before your face begins to relax and you open your eyes. "Did you enjoy that?" I queried. "Terry, I haven't cum like that in a long time. I can't believe how hot it looked having you finger me. I've never watched it before." You grin, looking me in the eye via the mirror.

I kiss your ear before commenting, "You looked so sexy and I loved watching and feeling your reactions, but I'm not done with you yet." I pull my hand out of your soaked panties and away from your breast to your waist. I start kissing my way down your back, across your shoulder blades and grin when I notice the little tramp stamp poking out above your jeans. When I'm kneeling, I slowly slide your jeans over your hips and down your legs. I help you step out of them, leaving you in only your wet white lace T-back panties. I bend forward to kiss each of your cheeks while my hands slide slowly up your legs. They follow me up your body as I stand up behind you.

I reach out and help you turn around. You reach out to my waist pulling me tight against you. I bend down and we are soon locked in a tight embrace. Your tongue is diving towards my tonsils. You then pull back from the kiss, and your hands leave my waist, moving up my chest. "Terry, this isn't right. But you felt so good. You've made me feel beautiful this weekend. Thank you. And now, one good turn deserves another. You seem a little overdressed." You say sexily as you grind your crotch into mine. Your fingers reach down to pull off my sweater, which joins yours on the floor. While you are unbuttoning my shirt, you are kissing my neck and shoulder. As more skin is exposed, I feel you kissing and licking that too. It is very sensual. 

With my shirt off, you press your bare chest against mine. I feel your warm breasts and your nipples pressing against me. Your fingers run through my hair and along the back of my neck as you pull me into another kiss. I feel you nibble on my lower lip, something I find a big turn on. Somehow, you turn us around so my ass is resting on the vanity and you are still pressed against me. Only now, you begin moving your crotch against me, making me harder still. 

You start sucking on my tongue while your right hand slides down my side till I feel it between us. You are stroking me through my jeans. "I think someone wants to come out and play." You grin before sliding down my body, continuing to look into my eyes. When you are sitting on your heels, your reach for my belt. Next thing I know, my slacks and briefs are around my ankles. You pull off my shoes and socks, soon followed by the rest of my cloths.

You are eyeing my cock like it is a cold glass of water and you haven't had anything to drink in weeks. You glance away only long enough to spit into your right hand before looking back up at me with a huge grin. "I'm going to make you feel so good Terry, and I can't wait to taste you." You say with lust in your eyes.

You begin stroking me with your right hand while your left is gently massaging my sack, lightly squeezing my balls. You stick out your tongue to lick the tip of my bobbing cock. A drop of clear liquid is present and you enjoy the taste murmuring, "Hmmm, that tastes great."

You lick me like a Popsicle before taking the purple head inside your mouth. I feel you sucking, your tongue brushing the sensitive area underneath. Soon, your head is bobbing further and further. It is so wet and warm, reminding me how wet and warm your pussy was. When I look down, I see your nipples are hard and erect. Your right hand is pumping me as you suck harder with your mouth. I feel a finger on your left hand probing my prostrate, something sure to make me fire.

I put my hand behind your head. I'm pressing you gently but faster. Occasionally, I think I hear you gag, but you never try to pull away. "I'm getting close." I moan, not wanting to surprise you with a mouthful of cum. You just look up and suck harder and faster. I assume you want to swallow. I'm the surprised when I feel another finger circling my rosebud before pressing in to the first knuckle. I couldn't take it any more and my toes started to curl. "Gaud...." I yelled before I blasted the first shot of jism into your waiting mouth. It was closely followed by a second shot. You then surprised me 

again by pulling me out of your mouth and aiming my cock at your breasts where the next two blasts landed. A few dribbles later, you took me back in your mouth to finish me off. This was almost more than I could take and I back against the vanity.

You look up and me and smile. Then you stick out your tongue that is covered with my white goo. You then make a show of swallowing it all down. Your hands leave my deflating cock to rub the cream into your breasts. "Natures moisturizer" you say as you stand up. I put my hands on your waist and pull you close to I can kiss you. You pull away, surprised that I'd kiss you after I came in your mouth. "Gaud that is a turn on Terry."

"No problem Sharon. You are very good at that. Your Ex is an idiot." I reply.

Just then, my watch did its hourly beep. When I looked at it I noticed it was 11. "Did you get that late check out?" I inquired. "I'm don't want to have to leave just yet." I grinned.

You shake your head then reach for the phone. While you are busy making the arrangements, I reach into my pocket to pull out the box of condoms and put them by the bed.

There you stand, silhouetted by the lamp. Your curves are looking very sexy. I walk up; caress your ass with one hand while the other reaches around to gently squeeze your breast. You feel me against your back while you try to get a later check out time. "One o'clock will be just fine. Thank you"

"You pervert!" you giggle as you set the phone down and turn around. "Are you trying to get us kicked out of here?" you grin.

"Actually, I was going to try to remove those panties while you were talking so I could continue tasting you. I got a sample last night and want more now" I reply before making a show of licking my lips.

I walk over to the bed to set the alarm. You watch as I set it for 12:30. "Why so early?" you ask. "So we have time to shower and clean up" I chuckle. I then push you gently down onto the bed. You still have the heavy cover pushed away from the night before.

As I gaze lustily at you lying there, you move your legs and spread your knees. I can see the damp spot on your panties. I crawl onto the bed, lifting your ankles till they are resting on my shoulders. This gives me a great view of your body. My eyes travel up from the damp spot in your crotch to the valley between your breasts. I watch as they move up and down with your breathing. Then our eyes lock and we both see the lust in each other. "Come up here and kiss me handsome," you whisper.
