 "Did you enjoy that?" He asked and she asserted to be a somewhat yes. She, on the other hand, firstly groped his member, which was now stiff again and throbbing, then she moved around to his ass, taking in the full shape of them with her hand; so firm! she thought. They parted for a moment to let each other get their breath back, but they held hands. With his other free hand he reached up and groped her tit once again, sizing up the weight and moving his hand to her nipple, pinching it slowly and pulling it away. "Steady on," she said through a moan. Oh god, she thought, he really wants to fuck me.They walked over hand in hand to the furthest cubicle on the left. "So what do you want first – pussy or ass?" 

"Pussy," he said as they entered the cubicle, "I've licked it enough now I just want fuck the hell out of it...and you," she turned around and they embraced again, this time with more feverish delight. They broke and she turned around to face their fuck-seat: the toilet! And said "hmmm" thinking aloud; she sat down on the toilet and pushed herself backwards so that her back was resting against the wall; she lifted her legs high up in the air, bracing them with her hands. He looked down at the sight of her ready for him, and said "mmmm" in knowing what he was about to do. He licked his lips in delight at the sight of her – her legs high up in the air in a V shape, with her pussy in the apex of the V; her huge tits bunched up together and slightly protruding a little to the front as her arms squished them together; and her pretty face flushed with heat. There was looked like water on her face and slightly on her tits, but in fact it was his come from earlier. 

He lowered himself onto her, gently resting his hands on her inner thighs for support, letting his penis sit against her opening and teased her, running his penis up and down her opening to get her slightly wet to make it easier - even though she was wet enough already – there was a small puddle on the seat from where her juice had accumulated. He gently pushed himself inside her and she moaned quietly, her twisting to the side a little, raising her hands to her face to quieten the moans. She felt her pussy expand and accumulate to the size of his penis – god, it's so big! her brain exploded with delight; he lowered himself down and inwards, and as he pushed his penis fully in for the first time she let go of her legs and wrapped them around his lower back – to sometimes force him in on each thrust, depending how she liked it: gentle or rough. Now that he was secure he brought his hands away from her thighs, gently letting his fingers stroke the contours of her body – slowly around her groin and up her abdomen, past her belly button and up towards her chest, letting his hands gently grope her tits. Now they were ready. 

He let his weight fully rest down onto her, extending his neck a little so that their lips could meet – at first a gentle kiss, but after a few more it soon turned to passionate kissing, a foray of lips and tongues. As the kissing continued he began to thrust gently, feeling her body shudder with the movement and a slight gasp coming from excitement – although he didn't hear it he supposed it was a gasp as her eyes snapped open, from before they were closed from kissing; he heard her mumbling, pulling his face away slightly from her lips letting her speak: "Mmmmm...harder – no need to go gentle with me." She whispered gently, puckering her lips again and securing the already tight grip she had on him with her legs. 

So he began to build up speed the sound of their skin contacting making a sloppy shwuppshwuppshwupp sound, almost as if you were hitting your hand against a wet paper towel. He felt her pussy wrap around his penis each time he pushed it inside of her, and withdrew to push it back in again before he thought of having some fun; he pulled it out gently and she looked at him quizzically, asking: "Mmmm baby, what you doing?" But he didn't answer her. Instead he ran his penis up along the slit of her pussy to gather some of the juice on his tip, then moved his penis down to her arsehole and gently teased it; the girl moaned and pleaded with him to put in back her pussy. Ignoring her he took his thumb and forefinger, still keeping his grip on her tits, and pinched her nipples roughly, feeling her shiver with pleasure and moan. He pinched some more feeling her nipples become erect from the fondling, her moans becoming gasps of pleasure now. She loved having her ass and tits fondled with at the same time – mmmm, I would he just fuck me silly now! 

He moved his penis back up her pussy, flicking her clit a few times the tip of his penis – he didn't know how close she was to coming, but he hoped she would soon; positioning in what he hoped was the correct position and rammed it roughly inside of her, the girl moaning and sliding her middle finger into her mouth creating what looked like a blowjob. Will her finger come inside her mouth? He thought lewdly; her moans were muffled now as he fucked her the hardest – ramming his penis in and out with incredible force, the girl clenching her legs around him tightly. He roughly clenched her tits everytime he thrust his penis inside her, so that it made her whole body heat up with excitement, he grinned down at her seeing her in heat. 

She brought her finger out of her mouth – the boy hoping to see white secretions on the tip, but didn't – and said through her moans: "Mmmmmm, that'smmm howmmm Imm likemmm itmmm babe-mm -eeemmm" He continued his rough fucking until the girl's moaning got loud and her breathing got heavy but this he slowed down to single hard thrusts. She put her finger inside her mouth again – going for seconds, he thought to himself – so that it would muffle her loud moans. 

She loved how he was fucking her. His big cock ramming into her wet and hungry pussy, her finger totally wet with saliva now. Good, she thought. She loved how he clenched her tits too her body so warm now that she knew was close to another orgasm. Just a bit more, mmmm yeah mmmmm, ram it in! He lowered himself onto her and they met in a kiss, she having enough time to remove her finger from her mouth, but that was really all she needed. She unclamped her legs and just let them slowly lower to the floor, feeling the sensation in her brain. Through the kiss she moaned her loudest feeling the tingling in the muscles of her groin; "ohhhhhmyyyygoooddd, I'm going to come! I'm really going to come!" She had half-moaning, half-kissing. He really slowed down now to an orgasm-driving pace, pulling his penis most of the way out but just leaving the tip in her before ramming it all the way in again. Ohhhhhhhgoooodddd... her brain sighed.

Her pussy clenched up and he kept up his very slow pace, making one final thrust but she said "nonono, please don't slow. Ram it in, ram it innnn-" as the next thrust was entered she came, her body falling limp as the orgasm ran over her; the girl moaning "ooooohhhhhhmmmmmmyyyygooooood," hearing the liquids spew out, some going on his cock and some falling onto the floor. Now vulnerable and with a sensitive pussy he kept on fucking her, her knowing that he was now on the brink of coming too. She said "baby, hold on a minute, pull out." He did what he was told slowly pulling his penis out her pussy and to her his cock looked very big and she knew he was going to come. She sat up and moved to the edge of the seat, holding his cock in her hand. 

She looked up at him innocently, whispering: "you going to come for me? How do you want to come – mouth, mmm, titjob, already done that, by my hand, mmmm. Actually I know, going and stand by the sinks and face one of the mirrors" He did as he was told standing by the sinks, so that his face looked back at him in one of the mirrors. 

The girl followed him shortly afterwards after her cleaning herself up. God, he fucked me good, she thought and sighed to herself. She stood behind him so that her tits pressed up against his back and his cock jumped with excitement and she thought he could've come right then. He loves my tits, she thought. She reached around gently at first stroking his ass cheek, then around his thigh muscle, slowly down towards his groin, and finally taking hold of his much engorged cock. He either wants to come bad, or be teased into coming. 

"Mmmmm my, look what we have here," she teased, massaging his cock with her hand. With her other free hand; she did the same – teasing his skin with her hand as she gently began to rub her hand up and down his shaft. "You like that?" and the boy moaned that he did; her other hand coming to grope his testicles gently, her fingers weaving softly over the skin. She began to build up speed gently pushing him towards one of the sinks, biting her lower lip as she felt his cock began to grow bigger in her hands and his testicles clench up slightly. Mmmm, he's almost there, a bit faster. So she increased her speed, her hand a blur as it moved up and down his shaft; it grew even bigger in her hands and she knew she just need more encouragement. She pressed herself up closer to him her tits squeezing against his back, taking her hand from his testicles and now playing with her own pussy. All the while watching how he reacted in the mirror – his eyes closed shut and his mouth formed a little 'O'. 

He moaned out that he was coming and she slowed right down, making the movement one slow jerk; as she put a finger into her pussy and made the third slow jerk on his penis he came, his whole body tensing and a gasp coming from his lips. He came over the wall just below the mirror, some over the rim of the sink and some in the basin – god, this is a lot, she thought – some went over the surface and finally some spooled over onto the floor, her hand moving to catch the last dregs of come, tasting it again in her mouth. She took her hand away and moved around to his front, kneeling down and gently kissing his penis as it de-erected, he looked down at her and asked: "same time next week?"