 I had what I felt was a normal middle class upbringing with the typical boyhood crushes. I kissed my first girl in seventh grade and French kissed another the following summer. I even touch a girl's breasts through her sweater once in eighth grade. I always wondered what might have come next if my parents hadn't decided to move us completely across the country, but they did and I'll never know. 

Now moving was tough enough on a thirteen year old, but puberty decided to hit that very same summer. I shot up four inches in as many months. I was never a small kid, but being five foot eleven as a freshman in high school made me quite the oddity. People said I had a funny accent as well and I guess I did to them. I made friends easily enough even with all that, but it took me a while to adjust, especially when it came to girls. They were just so different than the ones back home.

I didn't kiss another girl until the middle of my sophomore year. I was invited to my friend Mike's Valentine's Day party and quickly realized that everyone there was part of a couple. Well, everyone except me and a girl named Jill. It was obviously a set up, but I didn't mind. Jill was a pretty strawberry blond. We hit it off so well that we ended up dating the rest of high school. 

Neither one of us had much experience when it came to sex, but during our junior year we were young, in love and willing to learn together. Honestly, our first time wasn't all that great. Thankfully, it got better, a lot better. Our relationship was more than just about sex and by the time we graduated I was sure that Jill and I were going to get married one day. I guess I should have checked with her because she broke up with me a week later. 

My parents insisted that I worked all summer for college money. It was actually a good thing. It helped me cope with the depression of getting dumped. I hung out with my friends when I could, but really didn't have a lot of time. I was a waiter at a local place and I had to work weekends. I did date a couple of girls toward the end of the summer, but none of them amounted to much. I was still hurting from Jill and I didn't want to get attached to anyone with college so close. Besides, I really didn't have much of a clue with girls since the only real girlfriend I'd ever had was Jill.

So off to school I went, not really naïve, but not quite aware of what I had to offer women when it came to sex. What I was aware of was the fact that I wasn't particularly experienced in picking up girls. I promised myself that would change before the end of freshman year. I wanted to have a good time. I was done with serious relationships. I can't say I regretted dating Jill, but I missed out on a lot of things because of her. I wasn't planning on missing anything that college had to offer. 

I had no idea what to expect my first day on campus. All I knew was that my roommate was a guy from the Midwest who didn't smoke and was not a morning person. That was the extent of my knowledge. I'd never shared a room before with anyone, much less with a stranger. To say I was concerned was a vast understatement, but I got lucky. Rich ended up being okay. He also had the gift of gab when it came to the ladies. 

Our first night on campus is when everything began to change for me. We went to a party at one of the fraternities. I excused myself to go to the restroom when we got there and by the time I returned not only was Rich talking up a smoking hot blond name Denise, but he introduced me to her roommate Brenda, a cute, shapely brunette. 

As it turns out fraternities were big at my school and that they wanted to impress the freshmen early so that they could find new pledges. They did this by throwing great parties with free drinks. Needless to say, the four of us got pretty drunk. I was a having a great time and based on the way Rich and the ladies were laughing, so were they.

I'm not sure how it happened, but on the way back I found myself leading Brenda to my dorm while Rich went with Denise to theirs. Maybe leading was the wrong word. We were both close to leaning on each other trying not to fall. Somehow we made it to the room, but I don't remember much of the trip. 

Brenda and I shared exactly one kiss. It wasn't particularly good, but then again, I think she passed out almost before it began. She was certainly unconscious when it was over. It didn't matter. Oh, I remember feeling a pang of disappointment, but then I was unconscious as well.

"Oh no!" 

I woke up at the cry a couple of hours later and sat up in bed quickly. I shouldn't have. It made my head throb. I fell back on the bed and began rubbing my eyes. It only helped a little.

"What's wrong?" I groaned.

"I can't believe I did this!" Brenda cried as she tried to separate from me. Our legs were intertwined on my bed.

"It's not that big of a deal," I said, opening my eyes and trying to see. Thankfully the room was dark or my head would have exploded.

"Not a big deal? I don't even know you!" she cried as she stood. "I'm not that type of girl! Besides, I have a boyfriend at home."

"Look," I sighed, sitting up slowly this time. "First, can you please stop yelling? And second, nothing happened."

"Nothing happened?" she asked in surprise.

"We kissed," I clarified. "Once and you passed out in the middle of it."

"That's all?" she asked, wanting me to reconfirm what I said.

"Scouts honor," I groaned as she put on the overhead light. "Please shut that off!"

"I'm sorry," she said, blushing now for some reason. "I can't find my shoes."

"Where are you going?" I asked, sitting up and pulling a beer out of the small refrigerator that Rich brought. I owed him one. I opened the can and took a sip. It tasted good so I took a longer pull. I felt a lot better. "It's still dark out. Besides, I'm betting that Rich and Denise didn't pass out like we did. Do you really want to walk in on them?" She hesitated in looking for her shoes.

"You have a point, but I can't stay here," she said nervously. 

"Why not?" I smiled, taking another drink. "We've already slept together."

"Very funny," she snapped. "And you'd better not tell anyone what happened!"

"Don't worry," I shrugged. "What am I going to say? I got this cute brunette in my bed, shared a pretty sad kiss and watched her pass out?"

Something about what I said finally seemed to calm her down. She sat down on the desk chair next to my bed. She was looking off into space and shaking her head. I waited for a few moments for her to speak, but she remained silent. I watched her a bit longer and then sighed.

"Are you okay?" I asked. She was obviously pretty shaken by what happened. 

"Not really," she said after a few moments. "I really am not the type of girl that does a one night stand."

"Nothing happened," I reiterated.

"I went to a room with guy I didn't know and let him kiss me," she said pointedly. "I'd say that's something."

"I did mention that the kiss wasn't that good, didn't I?" I said, trying to lighten the mood. She just gave me a look. I don't know why, but it made me laugh.

"Look, go to sleep in Rich's bed. I promise I won't touch you. You'll feel better in the morning," I reasoned. "You don't have to tell your boyfriend about it since nothing really happened."

"You would have to bring him up," she frowned.

"Huhn?" I asked, totally lost by this point.

"Brian, my boyfriend," she answered. "'We' decided to see other people a week before we left for college, only I don't remember having much input in the decision."

"Ah," I said slowly. "I'm sorry, but I guess that explains why you let yourself get drunk and end up here. You were hurting."

"No!" she snapped, but then slowly she relaxed and added, "Maybe." I reached into the refrigerator, pulled out another beer and handed it to Brenda. She took it without comment. "I'm just glad nothing happened. I'm really not that type of girl." 

"That's too bad," I grinned, trying to lighten the mood again. "You're pretty cute." This time she smiled slowly.

"Thanks," she replied. "Of course, being as I'm such a bad kisser, it's probably better this way."

"I don't know," I laughed. "I'm betting that had more to do with you being passed out drunk."

"You'll never know," she said, laughing with me now. I liked the way she looked when she laughed. It made her face warm and friendly. Of course, that didn't stop me from noticing that she had a very nice body. Brenda was curvy in all the right places. My old girlfriend wasn't built like that at all. Jill was more athletic. I shook my head when I realized what I was thinking.

"So, do I have to get out of bed to walk you back to your room or do you sleep in Rich's bed?" I asked, forcing myself to meet her eyes.

"I can walk by myself," she replied. "The campus is supposed to be pretty safe."

"Not going to happen," I said, shaking my head. "It's too late at night to let you wander around alone. Besides, do you really want to rely on 'supposed to be'?"

"A fair point," she sighed. "And honestly, I'm not even sure where my dorm is from here. Maybe I should just wait until the morning?"

"That works for me," I smiled, falling back into my bed. I was pretty tired. "I'll see you in the morning."

"Good night," she replied, shutting the light. I heard her move to Rich's bed. Ten minutes later I was still waiting to fall back to sleep. I was definitely tired enough, but my mind kept wandering back to Brenda's curves. Did I mention that it had been a long time for me?

"Are you awake?" Brenda asked softly after another five minutes. I wasn't really surprised. I heard her tossing and turning.

"Yes," I replied.

"I can't sleep," she said, turning the light back on. 

"It's three in the morning," I said, looking at her across the room. "What would you like to do?"

"Not that!" she snapped. I frowned, but then realized what she meant. I guess she thought I was a bigger pervert than I was because that wasn't what I meant when I asked the question, or was it?

"That's a shame," I said. "I bet it would be fun, even if you do turn out to be a bad kisser."

"I am not a bad kisser!" she snapped once more, but she was half laughing when she said it.

"I'm available if you ever want to prove it," I offered.

"Very funny," she said, no longer laughing, but her eyes were still smiling. "College is new to both of us. Why don't we get to know each other a little bit? I'm sure we both could use a friend on campus."

"No thanks," I replied, surprising her. Her expression made me grin before I explained. "You want to become friends so that I'll fall into 'safe' category, just another friend. I think I'll hold out for more."

"I have a boyfriend," she said a little too quickly. 

"You two aren't exclusive anymore," I shrugged. "So there's nothing wrong with you dating."

"You're right," Brenda sighed. "And I'm sure Brian is dating other people. I'm pretty sure he dated a girl back home before we even left for school."

"So then why don't we spend this time getting to know each other?" I suggested. "But not as friends, or at least not only as friends."

"What's the difference?" she asked. "Getting to know each other is getting to know each other."

"Maybe," I smiled. "But I want you to think of me as dating material while we talk, not just a possible friend."

"Dating material?" she asked with a raised eyebrow. It was too easy.

"If that doesn't interest you, how about Sexfriends," I grinned.

"Ugh, that's a terrible word," she said, but she was laughing now. 

"Don't blame me, I stole it from a movie," I shrugged.

"I've seen it," she said still laughing. "I'm just surprised you did."

"Jill always had a thing for Ashton Kutcher. Besides, Natalie Portman is pretty hot."

"Hmm, Jill," Brenda said sitting up in bed now. "Now we're getting somewhere. Who's Jill?"

"My ex girlfriend," I replied. 

"Let me guess, you dumped her before going off to college?" Brenda question was asked in a light, joking tone, but it was obvious she was not happy with the changes Brian made to their relationship.

"Close, she dumped me right after we graduated high school," I replied, refusing to meet her eyes. I did not want to talk or think about Jill. Brenda clearly saw that in my expression

"I'm sorry," she said, in a tone that let me know she understood my pain. I shrugged, not sure what to say to that.

"So tell me, what's your best memory growing up?" I asked, changing the subject. 

We spoke for about fifteen minutes before I went to the refrigerator and pulled out two more beers. I'd have to get Rich a six pack or two tomorrow. I walked over to Brenda and handed her one. I started to sit on the bed next to her. She quickly slipped down onto the floor. She leaned her back against the bed. I joined her.

"This isn't nearly as comfortable," I sighed.

"Maybe not," she replied. "But it's a lot safer."

"If you say so," I shrugged and we went back to talking and drinking. 

Now here's the weird part. It was one of the best conversations I've ever had. Maybe it was the situation or the fact that we were both a little drunk, but we were very open with each other. I even let her asked a few questions about Jill. It felt amazing to share my thoughts with Brenda. I'd cared a great deal about Jill and shared a lot with her, but this was different somehow.

"The sun's rising," Brenda said looking toward the window. The sun came in and lit her face up. I literally had to swallow before speaking. 

"I see," I finally got out, watching her enjoy the daybreak for a few more moments before adding, "You're beautiful."

"Please!" she laughed in embarrassment. I took her by the chin and made her meet my eyes. She was clearly nervous as she asked, "What are you doing?"

"Making sure you realize that I'm serious," I said slowly.

"Oh," she said softly. 

"And getting ready to kiss you," I added. Her eyes grew big.

"Oh," she repeated. "I'm not sure that's a good idea."

"I'm sure it's not." I had plans for college and falling for the first girl who ended up in my bed was not part of them. Yet, looking at Brenda with the sun shining down on her I couldn't deny what I was feeling.

"What?" Brenda was more than a little surprised by my words.

"I'm not ready for another serious relationship," I explained. "And you're still involved in one. Kissing you would be a bad idea, but neither of those reasons is going to stop me."

"Why not?" She was watching me with the sun continuing to light up her face, and it was all I could do not to take her into my arms. Just the touch of my fingers against her chin was almost more than I could stand. Brenda was clearly nervous, but I think there was also a touch of desire in her eyes. 

"I have to know if what I'm feeling is real."

"It isn't." Her reply was given a little too quickly. "You're just drunk and rebounding from your break up with Jill." I couldn't argue with her. What she was saying made sense. I'd never really rebounded from someone before. Maybe she was right? On the other hand, that knowledge didn't stop me from feeling the way I did whether she liked it or not...whether I did either.

"Brenda, we're going to at least end up dating, so we might as well see if we're compatible."

"Date?" she asked. "I don't think I'm ready for that. Brian..."

"Let's leave him out of this for the time being," I interjected, bringing her lips to mine. She froze at first, but it wasn't long before her full lips met my in earnest. I'm not sure what went wrong the night before, but it was clearly not an issue this morning. The feel of her soft and willing lips against mine sent a shiver through my body. I had wanted a kiss, but I had no idea how strongly I would react to it.

"Wow!" she moaned as she pulled away. "That was something else." I knew at that moment that despite her protests and confusion, she felt the same as me. It was all there to see in the warmth of her eyes.

"We're not done yet," I said, pulling her back into my arms. Brenda only hesitated a moment before coming willingly. We kissed for quite some time before I began to leave a trail of kisses from her lips to her neck.

"We have to slow down!" Brenda moaned when I used one hand to brush the bottom of her full breasts through her blouse.

"No, we don't," I disagreed. I wanted this. I wanted her. She wanted me too. It was obvious.

"Wait!" she said, pushing me away from her. "You don't understand. I like you. I like you a lot, but I love Brian despite the problems we're having."

"I thought we agreed to leave Brian out of this?" I asked.

"I can't," she sighed. I looked at her for a moment and saw that she was about to get up. I had to stop that.

"Fine, then let's talk about Brian," I shrugged. "Maybe you two end up together, maybe you don't. Only you two can decide that in the end, but right now he's decided that before he was willing to make that kind of a commitment he wants to be free to have fun during college. So be it. Doesn't it seem fair that you have some fun as well?"

"Fair? Sure," Brenda replied slowly. "But I don't think I can."

"Are you saying you didn't just enjoy our kissing?" I asked. Brenda touched her lips. I didn't bother waiting for an answer. It was obvious. I pulled her into a kiss once more. Despite her misgivings, she didn't fight me.

I took my time and eventually cupped her full breasts in my hands once more. They were bigger than I originally thought. Our tongues brushed each other and the taste of her drove me crazy. Brenda stiffened when I freed her tits from her bra, but then she moaned as I took a nipple in my hand and squeezed. 

"That feels so good!" she gasped. I unbuttoned her shirt. I don't think she noticed until I started leaving a trail of kisses down her neck and toward her chest. She gasped, but didn't stop me. Brenda's full breasts had thick, hard nubs for nipples that were clearly very sensitive. I took one in my mouth and she cried out.

She surprised me by holding my head in her hands and kissing my ear while I continued to suck and nip at her nipple. The hot air sent a charge through my body that was quickly followed by another bigger one when she brushed her tongue against my ear. Jill had never kissed my ears and I had no idea how sensitive they were. It was my turn to moan. 

This only made Brenda focus on my ear some more. In response, I did my best to drive her crazy. I switched to the other nipple and squeezed the first between two fingers. Brenda moaned into my ear. The harder I squeezed the louder she moaned. I squeezed pretty damn hard!

"We have to stop!" she gasped at one point. "You're driving me crazy, but I'm not going to sleep with you! I can't! I'm not that type of girl!" I ignored her. I was enjoying myself too much. I knew Brenda was as well. I could smell her excitement. Besides, she was panting strongly and hadn't really stopped kissing my ear.

I continued to suck and kiss her breasts until the scent of her excitement was too much. I reached down and unbuttoned her pants.

"No!" she cried, finally pushing me away again. I looked up into her eyes and saw the same passion and need as I was feeling, but she was fighting to control hers whereas I was more than willing to give in completely to mine. "This is as far as we go!"

"Just a little further," I half asked, half demanded, but still she hesitated. "I promise, I'll stop whenever you say so. Just let me taste you down below. The scent is driving me mad!"

"Taste me?" she asked in surprise. I smiled confidently and kissed her once more. It was a long passionately kiss and she was gasping for air when it was done.

"Taste you," I finally replied as I pulled back and looked into her eyes. "I'm a firm believer in giving as well as receiving. Jill always came at least once when I did it to her."
