 It was the spring of 1974.

Over two weeks ago, on my way back to college, I had been picked up hitchhiking by an older married man, Mr. Sanders, who let me stay by his house and... seduced me. While his wife was away at church the next morning - he basically shaved all of my body hair off; peed on me and made me drink his piss; made me suck his nine inch cock; and whipped and fucked my ass. He then drove me naked back to my dorm; and more or less made me run through my dorm halls naked to my room where he fucked me once more. This started the "rumor" that I was a queer. He made me feel totally degraded and used and questioning my own manhood and sexuality. He also made me totally hot and hard and turned on and subservient, but then again...

Because I had run through the school naked, shaved and hairless, I had just had some of the best sex ever with a beautiful young girl and another close female friend of mine. I got to shave them bald and they did the most wonderful lesbian things with each other... My life was fucked and I was fucking it!

***

The following weekend, I asked my girlfriend, Janie to go out with me. To my great relief, she said yes. I had been afraid that maybe she really was a lesbian and I was just a novelty for her. But no, she really liked me as I did her. I was on top of the world. My hometown girlfriend, Pamela, seemed tame and old hat compared to Janie. Shit, I had eaten her cunt, shaved her pussy, participated with our friend Barbie in a wild sex romp and I hadn't really even gone out with her yet, much less fucked her.

I picked Janie up at her dorm room. God, she was a knockout. I was glad that I had dressed in a suit and tie, because she was dressed to kill. She wore a one piece tight blue evening gown that was backless and stretched over her large tits like they were molded into it. I couldn't help myself. When I saw her, I told her she looked lovely and then reached out and kissed her, hard. My tongue went into her mouth with no resistance and my body melted into hers. 

I took off both of our glasses, our faces pressing against each other as my hands roamed her hot young form. As far as I could tell, she was wearing absolutely nothing under her dress. I loved this girl. I imagined her bare cunt already getting wet from our torrid kiss. When I came up for air, I smiled at her somewhat shocked roommate and we went out to dinner. 

I felt like a pimp master that evening as all of the men at the places we went to ogled her incredible body. I might as well have been going out with Dolly Parton in a sheer wet suit. Janie seemed to be ignoring the attention and focusing on me, which made me feel like a prize stud. We continued talking about everything, holding hands and casually stroking each other. It was like sex was simply an extension of who we were. I no longer felt like a pervert with her. We were both hot. 

At last, after wining and dining, drinking and dancing, groping and talking, (and me smoking my obligatory joint or two - Janie was like most of the women I had gone out with in one respect - she didn't like to get high.), we went back to my room. My roommate Dick wasn't in when we got there, but I drew the curtain anyway. This was one fuck that I wasn't going to share. Janie loved the weirdness of my half of the room and after turning on the black light and my mood music, we began to make love.

For a long time, we stood in the middle of the room and made out. I kissed her face, her neck and the naked tops of her breasts as my hands roamed over her body, massaging her naked back and tightly covered ass. And, incredibly, she did the same to me. Her hands roamed over me, stimulating me in the same way I was trying to stimulate her. Our mouths sucked at each other, licking tongues and eyelids. Janie felt my chest through my shirt and pinched my nipples.

"Ohhh, god," I groaned with joy. 

This was the most turned on woman I had ever been with. Finally, I started to pull her tight evening gown off of her gorgeous body. As I freed her huge tits, my head went down to her nipples and I sucked on their thick tips. Everything disappeared and I lost all track of time and space as I became lost in her mammoth breasts, sucking and licking, kneading and massaging, rubbing my face and nose and mouth and tongue all over until I realized that I was at her naked, bald crotch and that by that time, I was naked too.

We had laid down on my small bed and I was entranced by the unearthly glow of her hot, wet, hairless cunt, its musky odor filling my nostrils. Again I licked her succulent flesh, eliciting moans and squeals of delight from my beautiful Jane. As she lay on her back, I spread her legs, opening her flawless pussy. I slowly rubbed her pink lips, shining purple in the black light, and slid my finger deep into her wet hot cunt. She responded to my touch, her hips gently thrusting up to meet my hand. 

She began to moan louder as I licked her full tits again and sucked her erect large nipples into my mouth. I rolled them between my tongue and teeth, all the while covering her bald cunt with my hand, fucking her deep wet cleft with my finger, making her squirm in delight. Her chest and belly were heaving now with the passion of the moment and I moved up to kiss her lips. 

Her tongue eagerly sought mine again. Then I slowly slid my mouth down between the valley of her massive breasts and over her hard flat belly until I reached her hot, smooth, musky vagina once more. I could feel the blood pulsing in her hairless, wet pussy. I spread her pink full lips with my tongue and, reaching her hard clit, sticking out of her wet slit, I suckled it gently into my mouth.

"OHHHhhhhhh," cried out Janie in pure joyous passion at my touch. 

Her hands frantically reached for my body and pulled at me, trying to get access to my own naked cock. 

"I want you," she moaned, "Come here, now, now, pleasee," she begged.

I turned and straddled her face, never taking my mouth off of her delicious cunt, as she reached for my hard, pulsing manhood. She took me into her mouth and sucked me deeply, swallowing the head of my cock as she milked my aching balls gently with her hand. It was as if we were experienced lovers, knowing each other for years. I pressed my thumb against her wet anal pucker and felt the tight ring open under the pressure of my finger.

"Ahhaa, ahhha," she moaned in passion, expelling my cock from her throat and then sucking it back again as my thumb penetrated her anus.

I could feel her sphincter and her vagina tighten around my probing finger and my questing tongue as she grew more and more frantic. She tensed up and then thrust her bald pussy against my face and fingers as she bucked and twisted in sudden orgasmic pleasure.

"AAhhuuhhhhhhh!" she groaned around my stiff tool, alternately drawing my hard rod into her and expelling it as she shook with desire.

I relentlessly fucked her asshole with my finger and sucked on her hard clitoris until she begged for mercy, her body convulsing uncontrollably. Only then did I stop and let her calm down, my stiff rod still penetrating her panting mouth.

I turned around and knelt between her legs. I put the wet tip of my cock softly against her wet, hot slit and drew the head of my penis slowly up and down.

"Ohhhhhhhh!" she moaned again, opening her legs for me, her large breasts heaving with passion.

I marveled at our naked crotches together, both shaved smooth and gleaming in the black light. I kept on tracing her cunt slit with my cock, dipping into her crack and then hitting her hot pink love button with my cock head lubricated with her cunt juice. She moaned and squirmed on the bed with each movement of my cock, trying desperately to draw me into her waiting vagina. I let my prick wander half way into her velvet opening and rested on her naked form, savoring our smooth flesh where our crotches joined. 

I moved my hands and my mouth back to her breasts, now slicked with our sweat and shaking with excitement. She arched her body so her stiff nipples could reach my probing tongue and lips. She cried out with desire as I sucked a large nipple into my mouth, squeezing her other tit between my fingers. Janie quivered with passion as I continued to fuck my naked cock halfway in and out of her bald cunt, always stopping short of full insertion. Her hips strained to fuck my teasing prick.

"Ohhh. Ohhhhh, Fuck Greg. Please! Pleeesse!" she moaned, her cunt trying to grind against my crotch, lost in the sensations of our hot sex.

Janie was on fire, now hot with sweat, her naked form quivering with desire, wanting me, needing me. We kissed again, and she drove her tongue almost into my throat. Finally I plunged my cock to the hilt into her fiery chasm, drawing forth a whimper of joy from her throat as our naked crotches fused together, her hard clit bud finally hitting my bald pubes. The feel of her sweat drenched tits pressing against my shaved naked chest was like a wet dream come true. Her nipples were hard spear points, trying to pierce my flesh. I started plunging my raging hard on in and out of her slippery, smooth, anxiously waiting cunt.

She groaned, "YES, Oh, Yes," and wrapped her legs around my naked ass, raking her fingernails down my back, pumping her hips to meet my thrusts. I slithered around on her hot, wet cunt, out smooth flesh adding an incredible liquidity to our thrusts and, with her legs clamped around me, I slammed my naked meat into her, pounding and thrusting with ecstatic glee.

"Uhhhh, uhh, uh, uh!" I grunted, pumping her incredible cunt, loving the sliding sensations of our hot, wet crotches, writhing on top of her naked tits as she tried to collapse my whole being into her hungry hole.

Our sweaty bodies slid back and forth. It's as if we were frictionless fuck machines. The naked sensations were incredible

Then I abruptly pulled out of her hot pussy and literally slid down her body, my hands braking themselves on her magnificent breasts, each grabbing a nipple as my mouth moved down her smooth belly down to her naked cunt again. I had to eat her hot flesh, diving into her hairless vagina with my insatiable tongue.

She screamed again, "AHHHHHnnnooo,nnnghh, ahhhh!" as her body convulsed in another orgasm, her gorgeous thighs squeezing my face and releasing, her heels hammering on my back.

I forced her thighs open again and lifted her hips. I slid my relentless tongue down her cunt crack, over her hot flesh, back to her hot, hairless, puckered asshole. I rimmed her shit hole with my tongue, driving it into her anus as my hands took possession of her soaking cunt and squeezed her abused clitoris.

"AAAAahhhhhh, nooooo, please, nooooo!" she screamed again and again, gyrating in uncontrollable lust and passion.

I felt a hot gush of fluid on my fingers and I realized that she had lost control and was either cumming; squirting, or pissing on my hand in her mindless orgasms.

I slid my mouth back up her body, licking the sticky juices out of her hot cunt crack, running my rough tongue over her out of control, drenched clitoris, back up her hard stomach, stopping to bite a rigid nipple, licking up her sweat drenched neck until I was back in her mouth, thrusting my tongue deep into her, giving her a taste of her ass, her holes, her cum, as I slammed my naked man meat deeply into her needy cunt. 

She opened her cunt again, wrapping her luscious legs around my body, sucking me deep within her flawless, dripping well. I placed my hands on her ass cheeks, caressing her slick anal opening with my fingers as we pumped and thrust, back and forth, in and out, my still steel hard dick, naked flesh on naked flesh once more,into the burning, drenched inferno of her pussy.

We fucked and fucked, fucked and fucked, mindless fuck machines, fucking forever, our bodies eagerly devouring each other, pounding naked flesh against naked flesh, my bare penis enclosed deep within the folds of her flooded vagina.

She cried out and convulsed many times in wanton orgasm after orgasm, lost in carnal bliss until I at last let totally loose and cried out.

"AAHH, Yess, Ahh, Ahh, AAAHHHHH!" I cried and she clamped her cunt lips around my tool, "Yess!! Yess! YEEESSSSS!"

Her hips bucked and she clawed at my back, shuddering again in orgasm; in a pool of liquid sweat and passion. Penetrating her in every way, I slipped a finger into her assbud even as I came and flooded her cunt with my hot, hot sperm. She slammed into me, her asshole convulsing on my finger as I poured my seed into her, moaning and crying, out of control. A giant white light seared my brain and I left my body, floating in an ethereal orgasm, my hard cock ever swelling, cumming and cummmming... Exploding its seed endlessly, drenching her naked fuck hole to overflowing."

We fucked all night long. Softly and gently after my orgasm, but nonetheless, we fucked. She cleaned my cock off with her mouth and sucked on my hairless asshole. We sucked on each other's toes, licking between each toe and laving each other's feet with our saliva. She chewed on my nipples and I chewed on her ass. We were a delectable, sensual salad of hedonistic pleasure. We fell asleep at one point and when we awoke, we fucked again, even as she cared nothing that my roommate by that time was four feet away, listening to our groans and giggles of lust.

We spent the day together and later on, I took her to the movie booth where I was the projectionist where we fucked again as the college crowd watched the Saturday night movie. I have a feeling her passionate moans were heard by our audience. 

Life had suddenly become perfect and I owed it all to being humiliated and debased by Mr. Sanders.

Infuckingcredible.

That week, in addition to acquiring my beautiful fuck goddess as a girlfriend, I had another modeling gig for the nude drawing art class.

These jobs were very infrequent - about once every two and a half months or so. But now, the art teacher asked me if I could come back more often. He told me point blank that it was because I was shaved. Without coming out and actually saying it, he also indicated that it would not be wrong of me to achieve some kind of erection, something that I would have been afraid of doing before. Again, in a roundabout way, he told me that some of the kids might laugh, but it was definitely a plus for nude drawing and that that was what the whole point of the exercise was.

I remember thinking that he was probably queer.

Then I had the idea that I could probably put Janie on display also, which would have been another plus for my already overblown ego. Oddly enough, in spite of our wanton lust, she was not keen on the idea. She trusted me, but she didn't want to be exposed to the potential ridicule of others. Talking about this, I learned that it was the size of her breasts that bothered her.

Amazing.

Here my first girlfriend had been almost hysterical because she was afraid her beautiful breasts were too small and now this wild fuck bunny was afraid to show her breasts because they were too big. What a world.

I finally talked her into it, promising that she only had to model with me. Needless to say, we were an instant hit. The two of us, with our shaved crotches, entranced the whole drawing class and, from what I was told, attracted most of the other art students too. We would lie there in various poses, wrapped around each other, now lewd, now poised.... Sometimes I was hard and the pre-cum would glisten on the tip of my cock. Sometimes I was soft. I could see from the drawings that sometimes Janie's hot clit would be exposed and her cunt would be slick with fluids. I felt like a fucking god. Oh, and the rumors about me being a faggot died away.

But - one other person that my shaving affected was Dara, the black girl that usually modeled for the art classes. In the space of a few weeks, Janie and I became regulars and her services were needed less and less. This was a serious blow to her ego as she was practically the campus whore. She got off on flaunting her body and she was a little pissed off at me. She had been modeling as a regular gig for a couple of years and now she wasn't needed... It was ironic, because she fucked whoever she wanted to and in the previous drought of my sexual activity, she had never been interested in me.

So, in a sort of compensation, we modeled together one time that Janie couldn't make it. Ha, I was doing her a favor. It was fun. Now that I was allowed to have erections, I subtly played with her naked flesh and she tried to discreetly keep me hard. It was an invisible game of ass rubbing and discreet finger prodding into cunt and assholes (I mean, it was all right to have an erection, but we couldn't really fondle each other. That would have been "inappropriate." We were supposed to be professionals.) 

However, when we got back to the dressing room - she literally jumped onto my erection. She turned to me and put her lips to mine, sliding her tongue into my mouth, grabbing my shoulders and lifted herself up, dropping her robe from her shoulders. I was totally blown away and whereas I wasn't sure that I wanted her this way, my cock was hard and what the fuck, I helped her as she hoisted herself up on my naked body and her wet cunt easily engulfed my naked rod. 

I actually protested that I couldn't be doing this with her, but with her naked black body hanging on my cock, her lovely, bare black breasts pressed into my chest, I couldn't help myself. I fucked her hard and fast, shooting my sperm into her black cunt as her hot, kinky pussy hairs writhed against my naked crotch. I came in a minute, but she continued humping my spent cock, forcing me to sit down while she gyrated on top of me. 

With all of her moaning, I don't know whether she came or not, but after a polite ten minutes on my part of letting her practically rape me, I slid my softening tool from her sperm filled vagina and got up. She wasn't angry, but she did want to continue our tryst at a later date. I explained to her I just couldn't and I didn't model with her again. I didn't want to get Janie jealous. Except...

Jane and I had fucked incessantly at first and then, due to the fact that we were both in college and theoretically studying, she started reserving her passions for the weekend. She was more serious about it than I was. By the time Dara and I modeled, Janie and I had not fucked for a over a week. There was only a month left of the school semester, and she was resolved to work on her finals. 

She had progressed from hot fucking insanity to a studious girlfriend in a little over a month. I would have blown off everything and simply fucked for the whole month; what the fuck, I blew off a lot of classes anyway, but she was not going to... I had whined a few times to Janie when she wasn't interested in fucking because she thought schoolwork was more important. I didn't know it then, but she was already reevaluating our relationship.