 It was the spring of 1974... In the chronological order of my College fuck life, insert College Stud #1 here. I was going from Faggot to Straight and gradually overcoming my homo submissive desires to be a Boy Fuck Toy... I had a hot, shaved pussy, college girlfriend who fucked a like a fucking whore. Life was good.

College Stud #7 - Faggot to Straight Toy...

That week, in addition to acquiring my beautiful fuck goddess as a girlfriend, I had another modeling gig for the nude drawing art class.

These jobs were very infrequent - about once every two and a half months or so. But now, the art teacher asked me if I could come back more often. He told me point blank that it was because I was shaved. Without coming out and actually saying it, he also indicated that it would not be wrong of me to achieve some kind of erection, something that I would have been afraid of doing before. Again, in a roundabout way, he told me that some of the kids might laugh, but it was definitely a plus for nude drawing and that that was what the whole point of the exercise was.

I remember thinking that he was probably queer.

Then I had the idea that I could probably put Janie on display also, which would have been another plus for my now overblown ego. Oddly enough, in spite of our wanton lust, she was not keen on the idea. She trusted me, but she didn't want to be exposed to the potential ridicule of others. Talking about this, I learned that it was the size of her breasts that bothered her. Amazing.

Here my first girlfriend of high school had been almost hysterical because she was afraid her beautiful breasts were too small and now this wild fuck bunny was afraid to show her breasts because they were too big. What a world.

I finally talked her into it, promising that she only had to model with me. Needless to say, we were an instant hit. The two of us, with our shaved crotches, entranced the whole drawing class and, from what I was told, attracted most of the other art students too. We would lie there in various poses, wrapped around each other, now lewd, now poised... Sometimes I was hard and the pre-cum would glisten on the tip of my cock. Sometimes I was soft. I could see from the drawings that sometimes Janie's hot clit would be exposed and her cunt would be slick with fluids. I felt like a fucking god. Oh, and the gossip about me being a faggot died away.

But - another person that my shaving affected was Dara, the black girl that usually modeled for the art classes. In the space of a few weeks, Janie and I became regulars and her services were needed less and less. This was a serious blow to her ego as she was practically the campus whore. She got off on flaunting her body and she was a little pissed off at me. She had been modeling as a regular gig for a couple of years and now she wasn't needed... It was ironic, because she fucked whoever she wanted to and in the drought of my sexual activity, had never been interested in me.

So, as a sort of compensation, we modeled together one time that Janie couldn't make it. Ha, I was doing her a favor. It was fun. Now that I was allowed to have erections, I subtly played with her naked flesh and she tried to discreetly keep me hard. It was an invisible game of ass rubbing and discreet finger prodding into cunt and assholes (I mean, it was all right to have an erection, but we couldn't really fondle each other. That would have been "inappropriate." We were supposed to be professionals.) I later saw some of the work that the students did - God, it was incredible black and white porn. I never looked so good!

However, when we got back to the dressing room - she literally jumped onto my erection. She turned to me and put her lips to mine, slipping her tongue into my mouth, grabbing my shoulders and lifted herself up, dropping her robe on the floor. I was totally blown away and whereas I wasn't sure that I should be doing this, my cock was hard and what the fuck! I helped her as she hoisted herself up on my naked body and her wet cunt easily engulfed my stiff rod. 

I almost protested, but with her naked black body hanging on my cock, her lovely, bare black breasts pressed into my chest, I couldn't help myself. I fucked her hard and fast, shooting my sperm into her black cunt as her hot, kinky pussy hairs writhed against my naked crotch. I came in a minute, but she continued humping my spent cock, forcing me to sit down while she gyrated on top of me. 

With all of her moaning, I don't know whether she came or not, but after a polite ten minutes on my part of letting her practically rape me, I slid my softening tool from her sperm filled vagina and got up. She wasn't angry, but she did want to continue our tryst at a later date. I explained to her I just couldn't as I didn't want to get Janie jealous. I did not model with her again. Except...

Jane and I had fucked incessantly at first and then, due to the fact that we were both in college and theoretically studying, she started reserving her passions for the weekend. She was more serious about it than I was. By the time Dara and I modeled, Janie and I had not fucked for a week. There was only a month left of the school semester, and she was resolved to work on her finals. 

She had progressed from hot fucking insanity to a studious girlfriend in a little over a month. I would have blown off everything and simply fucked for the whole month; what the fuck, I blew off a lot of classes anyway, but she was not going to... I had whined a few times to Janie when she wasn't interested in fucking because she thought schoolwork was more important. I didn't know it then, but she was already reevaluating our relationship. (I also found out later that she knew about Dara fucking me. But, she didn't tell me that at the time.)

So - when Dara asked me to do a "private photography shoot" with her, pleading that I owed it to her because I was taking away her regular modeling business, I gave in. This fucking whore was practically begging me to fuck her. I had not fucked Janie since before I last fucked Dara. What the fuck. It was a Tuesday night and the earliest I would be able to fuck Janie was the following Friday night. The idea of someone photographing my naked body turned me on. So did the idea that Dara was desperate to fuck me again. I was still a slut stud muffin.

Dara lived off campus. Before I went over to her place, I spent awhile smoking some really fine hashish with my stoned smoking buddies. I was totally wasted when I showed up at her apartment. It turned out that her roommate was going to be the photographer. Her name was Karla and she was also black. But where Dara was short and large breasted with big kinky hair, Karla was taller and more elegant, more athletic. She had smaller breasts and her hair was long and straight. She was also lighter skinned than Dara's deep chocolate. I had seen her around campus before, being that there were only about twenty black students at our school. 

She already had a camera and tripod set up in the bedroom and as they let me in, she said "Okay, let's roll."

I laughed, stoned and feeling like I was tripping, and asked what I was supposed to do.

"First, let's take off your clothes. Dara, you start unbuttoning his shirt." Karla instructed.

Damn. Okay, this would be fun, I concluded. What the hell. Dara started disrobing me and Karla started taking pictures. 

Immediately, I began stroking Dara in a pure sensual high as she unbuttoned my shirt. By the time her hands were rubbing against my naked chest, I was swaying with pleasure. I hadn't been this stoned in a while and certainly not with two young black girls who wanted me for my body. I gave another giddy laugh. Dara continued taking off my shirt and then she started on my pants. As usual, I wasn't wearing any underwear and my hard cock was already sticking out like a signal pole. She unzipped my pants, letting my stiff member free. All the while, Karla was snapping pictures, getting everything on film. She had other cameras than the one on the tripod and as Dara went to her knees, pulling my pants down, Karla got down next to her. "Take him in your mouth," she said.

Dara opened her dark red lips and stuck out a pink tongue to flick the tip of my hard on. Karla snapped a close up picture. She sensually rubbed her tongue tip around the head of my cock as Karla snapped away. Then her fine black mouth encircled my lily white cock and she slowly sucked me in. All the while, she was acting for the camera. Damn, it not only felt good, it looked good. I was in heaven watching my stiff meat be the center of a photo shoot. Dara sucked me in to the root of my rigid tool, easily swallowing my pole, and rubbed her face on my smooth naked crotch. She grasped my balls in one hand and stretched them downward, eliciting a groan of pleasurable pain from my lips. Karla lay on the floor and shot upwards, getting pictures of my stretched out balls, my naked genitals and chest, and my face contorted in carnal submission.

"Okay, Greg, you strip Dara now," said Karla, getting up - all the business professional photographer. 

Dara immediately let go of my testicles, took her mouth off of my cock and stood up.

I laughed again at the abrupt transition. But I went with the flow and reached for Dara's large breasts. Fuck it, I could play for the camera too. I squeezed her tits through her shirt, but Karla said, "Okay, now grab his hands and stop him. Force him to do what you want."

Dara reached out her black hands and grabbed the wrists of my white ones, stopping me from mauling her breasts. "Good," said Karla, snapping away, "Now tell him. Force him. Greg, you do whatever it is she tells you."

"Put your hands behind your back and undo my top with your tongue and teeth," said Dara.

I complied and she entwined her fingers in my long, red hair and pulled me to her shirt, where I fumbled with her buttons. "That's great," said Karla.

I could imagine. A long haired, shaved naked, white stud, his hard cock bobbing and leaking pre-cum - being forced to unbutton this buxom black teenager's blouse with his teeth. I'm sure it made a great picture. Of course, I didn't do very well unbuttoning, but Dara quickly solved that and in no time, I was down on my knees, unzipping her tight pants with my teeth and pulling them down with my hands.

Once I got her naked, she spread her thighs and Karla instructed me to eat her hairy muff. I opened her vagina with my fingers and licked at her large dark red labia with my tongue. She had a very strong musky odor as her juices came dripping down on my face. She also had the biggest cunt lips I had ever seen. I played with her fleshy cunt lips, stretching them out, rolling them back to open her fuck box, lapping at her dusky wet slit with my tongue as Karla got practically cheek to cheek with me, taking pictures of my face in Dara's cunt.

"Okay, Dara, turn around, hands on the bed. Greg, eat her ass."

Again the abrupt transition amused me, but Dara immediately got into position and spread her legs, causing her ass cheeks to open, exposing her large, lighter brown, wrinkled hole. He wet cunt lips puffed out below her asshole, the space between the two was almost non-existent. Her puckered anal ring was large and was slightly open right in the center, as she spread her legs for me. I placed my hands on her ass, kneading her black flesh, pulling her ass cheeks apart even wider, which opened her anus even farther. I leaned down and started licking and chewing on her ass while Karla took pictures. I took my time getting to her asshole, licking around her inner ass crack, sticking my tongue in the bottom of her cunt, trying to pull on her labia. I was rewarded by Dara's moans and she started wiggling her ass saying, "Put your tongue in me white boy. Fuck my ass with your tongue."

I put my thumbs on either side of her asshole and stretched it open, twirling my tongue around the funky opening as she tried to push her ass into my face. Then I slipped my tongue into her stretched open asshole. The dry, chalky taste of Dara's ass brought back to mind all of the ass licking that I had ever done.

"Ohhhh, ohh, yeah," Dara moaned, her ass raising and lowering, fucking my white boy slut tongue.

I began slobbering on her asshole, pushing my tongue into the brown opening and fucking it deep, going in and out. My cock was rock hard now and my whole body was glowing with a sensual haze. As Karla snapped away, I tried to use my tongue like a hard penis, fucking her brown shit hole.

"Okay," said Karla. "Hold on. Dara, reach back and spread your ass cheeks. Greg, you do the same thing. And I want just the tip of your tongue in Dara's butt."

We both complied and Karla took pictures of us that way, both bent over, both spreading our ass cheeks to expose our assholes, my tongue licking at Dara's anus. Then Karla had us switch places, taking the same pose but with Dara's face in my ass, her tongue licking at my hot hole. I moaned in the pleasure of her wet tongue rimming my sensitive anal bud. Too soon, Karla had us change poses again. I lay on the bed, Dara kneeling between my open legs, pulling on my nuts, stretching my naked stiff manhood towards her open mouth, the tip of her tongue just touching my wet piss slit.

Although it was less than exciting to have to pose and freeze in position, at each new instruction, Dara and I would go at it, each exciting the other and starting to moan, until we were abruptly stopped again. It was weirdly funny. I was very stoned. I was very hot. She was very wet. I was very hard.

"Okay Dara," instructed Karla once more, "put your hand on Greg's chest and push him back onto the bed."

She did as Karla asked, and I went along, falling back onto the bed, my legs spread, my stiff meat quivering in the air. 

"Here's our feature tonight, Greg." said Karla as she continued to snap pictures. "Tonight you are just a cock - a white boy cock. And your body is a piece of meat to be used by our show here. That all right by you?"

My chest was tight as my hashish induced high pounded me with sensual lust. I could barely nod my head in agreement. Yes. I was a white piece of meat to be used for hot, rutting sex by a whorish black cunt. This was fantasy heaven.

Dara knelt between my legs and touched the helmet of my cock, running my juicy pre-cum around my pee slit, wetting my whole pulsing glans. I moaned in appreciation as she rimmed the ridge of my cock head. At the same time, she started kneading and then pinching my smooth, naked groin.

"Ooohhhh, fuck," I cried out, writhing in ecstasy at Dara's manipulation of my genitals.

I was so hard. My cock felt stretched out beyond my normal six inches. As Dara's hands continued to play with my meat, she brought her face down to the bare skin of my cock root and dragged her teeth along my naked flesh. I was groaning incoherently now as one of her hands wrapped itself around my balls and then I felt her tongue at my cock tip, licking my sticky pre-cum as her hand pulled and stretched my naked ball sack. I shuddered and gasped. Her full, lush lips pushed their way onto my hard piston as she simultaneously pulled harder on my bare testicles.

"OHH, GGGooddd," I moaned again, jerking at the incredible pleasure and pain of her mouth and hands.

She let go of my balls and licked underside of my aching tool, drawing another gasp of relief from my mouth. Then she opened her wide black mouth and took my hot nuts between her lips and teeth. She sucked on them, drawing them in, pressing her fucking tongue up, between them, rubbing at the base of my cock root. 

"Unnnhhh, gooddd," she was driving me insane with her talented whore mouth, teasing me and making me clutch the sheets in agony.

Then, again abruptly, she let go and moved her mouth again to my cock, pursing her lips into a tight ring and sliding down my hard hot flesh until her nose was buried at my bald root. The soft head of my dick grazed the roof of her mouth and slid into her throat easily as my hard rod pulsed on her tongue as my hot blood coursed through my prick. 

Then she pulled back, exerting a hard suction as she drew her lips across my member. Again she plunged downward, and I groaned again, exhilarated by the feeling of my cock fucking her face. She continued doing this, up and down, sucking my throbbing meat until I began rolling my hips and fucking her black face with my steel hard prick. She stopped her motion and let me fuck her face, thrusting up and down as she again grabbed my sensitive balls and squeezed.

"OOhhhh, mygod, ogh, god, sonof!" I cried out again and again as she pulled my nuts in her hand and let me fuck her deep into her throat over and over and over again.

Her tongue continued to massage my cock even as she swallowed it. I put my hands on her head, continuing to thrust my cock into her face, impaling her with my incredible erection, trying to pull her farther onto my urgent need.

Dara let go of torturing my balls and grabbed my ass cheeks, her fingers curling around and probing for my hole until she penetrated my anus, her black fingers jamming into my asshole, sending me soaring over the edge...

"AAHHHHH," I moaned, my hot seed rising in response to Dara's fucking my ass with her fingers.

I lifted my hips, cumming, shooting, orgasming in stoned bliss. Dara pulled one finger out of my asshole; jammed the other one deeper; pulled her mouth off of my cock; and again, grabbed my balls and squeezed...

"UNNnnn,unh,uhn.,uhn,UHHNNN!" I moaned, my whole body jerking thrashing at her forced abuse of my tender ass and balls while my cock fountained its hot sperm, shooting high in the air, while she aimed it to land on her tits and belly.

She continued to milk my balls and fuck my ass with her finger as Karla snapped pictures until I finally subsided to a dribble of cum. Only then did she again release me. I lay back, exhausted, still trembling from my passionate release, but Dara put her sperm coated fingers to my lips and said, "now lick this up."

I just wanted to drift off into stoned never-never land by this time, but I didn't want either of the black girls to think that I couldn't last, so I did what she asked and licked up my sticky cum. Then I cleaned the cum off her body, licking her large brown tits and her shapely black belly and bellybutton. By this time we had switched places and she was laying back on the bed.

"Lick the cunt, Greg," said Karla, directing again.

Dara laid on the bed, her legs spread and I knelt between them. My dick was still hard and even though I normally just wanted to quit after I had cum, I could feel the new beginnings of stoned eroticism as I opened her hairy cunt, pushing back the thick, fleshy lips. I pushed her fat clitoris up and out and kissed it with my lips. Then, I opened her hot cunt and started licking.

Her hairy black pussy was already wet with her juices. She put her hands between her thighs and opened her fat cunt lips in front of my mouth. I tasted her wet, dank, fluid, the hard musk of her scent invading my nostrils. Her dark red gash was deep and I stuck my tongue as far as I could into her and buried my face in her wet flesh, drinking deeply of her copious cunt juices. I brought her hot liquid up out of her cunt and engulfed her large, exposed clitoris with my mouth, my tongue lapping at her protruding bud.

"UUUUUAAOOOOhhhh," she moaned, her whole body shuddering as I ate her love button.

Dara had been somewhat blase this whole time, but now she was finally jerking and moaning with lust, inundating my mouth and chin with her secretions. I wanted to suck her juices, make her moan and quiver. And she obliged me, humping my face with her hot slit.

"OOOOhhhh, FUCK ME! FUCK ME! EAT MY FUCKING CUNT FUCKING WHITE PIG!" cried Dara, grabbing my head and grinding her hips against my face. 
