 I had been involved in... an orgy? A gang bang where I was banged? Or just a kinky college photo session where I was tied up and fucked with vibrators and dildos by two black chicks who I also fucked, over and over and over again...

College Stud #8 - Straight? Or Faggot?

When I awoke, I was thoroughly sore. My asshole was really, really sore. My cock ached. My lips and nose hurt where they had been smashed into Dara's asshole.

My thighs hurt from having been tied up.

I was a mess. 

Again, I couldn't believe the things I had just done. It was a grotesque fantasy come true. I would have actually doubted my memory, except that I was too beat up to have any questions that everything that I did actually happened. And it got me hard thinking about it.

And I didn't jerk off.

I was too fucking sore... 

The physical sensations of my burning asshole, my sore (hard) cock and my "chapped" lips and nose kept me aware all day long that I had been used as a wild sex toy the night before. I kept on waiting for that phantom "tap on the shoulder" during classes where someone was going to say "So, I see you've had your nose up somebody's ass and somebody's cock up yours..."

I felt that obvious and exposed.

By the time I fucked Janie on Saturday night, my cock wasn't so tender anymore, but it was still an incredibly painful cum that actually made it more hot and perverse. 

I tried to sort things out in my head about the fucking sex that I was having, but I couldn't...

I had this hot little girlfriend at another college who was mine. I had gotten paid by Mr. Sanders to be his piss/fuck boy toy. I had a new, very turned on, very sexy girlfriend who was an incredible fuck, who had a shaved cunt and who was just really, really attractive. 

And, I had gotten totally used, fucked and mauled by two wild and crazy, not to mention explosively hot, black chicks who had burned me out...

So? And I had loved it.

I had fucked more than I had ever imagined was possible.

So? Why was I more confused and depressed than before?

I was a college stud.

A fucking king of fuck. 

Guilt? Desire? Lust?

Maybe I was in love with Janie?

Or maybe I was in love with Pamela.

And maybe there was a subconscious reaction because I was cheating on one of them. (I was now majoring in psychology.)

Or maybe I was just a sick pervert.

Maybe I was born to be a fucking boy toy.

I spent many stoned hours agonizing over who I was supposed to be.

Janie and I fucked again and again very successfully (turned on, naked crotches are really hot). But I was still puzzled, so, I decided to go see Pam to compare the two. I equated fucking with a love relationship, so I figured that the more powerful fuck, the more the love. That's one reason Sanders and the black girls confused me. I loved and hated getting abused by them. But, what the hell did I know, I was only 20 years old. 

My cock was my leader and adviser. So, I hitchhiked down to see Pamela.

Hitchhiking left me a lot of time to reflect on the strange and erotic twists my sex life had taken. Every encounter was more bizarre than the last and they all became fantasy. Being shaved and turned loose naked in my dorm by Mr. Sanders was now, in only a very short time, a surreal fantasy in my mind, enabling me to forget the embarrassment and despair and fear that that encounter engendered.

Shaving and fucking Janie and then modeling with her, turned me into super stud in my own mind. And then this last perverse scramble with Dara had left me feeling in over my head. Which was bizarre in itself, because letting Mr. Sanders piss on me and fuck me was certainly more wacky than getting tied up by two gorgeous black chicks and fucked up the ass while they pleasured themselves.

Anyway, all of these thoughts and scenarios drifted in and out of my head as I hitched rides. So when the almost obligatory queer ride picked me up, I was ready.

He was a younger man this time, probably in his middle twenties, soft looking and slightly overweight. On the dash board in front of me were gay porn novels - gay 

porn hitchhiking novels. The bait was laid out for me, the random hitchhiker. So, I obliged and leafed through them and got hard as he watched out of the corner of his eye.

I opened up one of them at random to the scene of a burly truck driver fist fucking some hapless hitchhiker he had picked up.

...The hitchhiker had just been made to suck one of his childhood buddies off for the first time and was running away from home because he was confused as to whether or not he was gay. The truck driver, playing on his fears and fantasies, coaxed the hitchhiker into taking off his clothes and then playing with his ten inch cock. Then, he threw the hitchhikers clothes out of the window. 

The shocked hitchhiker, was made to spread his legs and hitch his butt up in the air, so that his exposed, virgin asshole was open for the trucker's attentions. 

With the hitchhiker moaning in protest, the trucker played with the kid's anus, slowly worming his fingers into his fuck hole until he forced his whole hand into this fuck toy's previously un-violated asshole. 

The naked, writhing hitchhiker was crying out with pain as the trucker's hand pushed all the way in past his anus up to his wrist.

Then, as the hitcher's thick cock was rock hard and dripping with pre -cum, the trucker fucked his hard hand in and out of the kid's asshole.

Finally the naked hitchhiker exploded, screaming in pleasure/pain, shooting his cum in the air, his throbbing cock spraying its spunk all over his own body and the truck driver's arm...

Ouch!, I thought. But I was also as hard as a rock, reading this tale of wanton sexual abuse.

"You like that stuff?" my driver inquired?

"Uh, yeah, I guess," I said, aware of my own pulsing member, tenting my pants. I wasn't wearing underwear.

"It looks like it," he said reaching over and squeezing my rod through my trousers.

"Ohhh," I moaned, instantly turned on again. Instantly ready for a new adventure.

"Will you take off your clothes for me?" he asked, hesitantly.

"Sure, if you want me to," I replied, not sure what he had in mind, but always ready to be a perverted exhibitionist. "All of them?"

"Yeah. Please." he said, rubbing his own cock with one hand as he drove with the other.

I stripped off my shirt first, exposing my still shaved and hairless chest. Then I took off my shoes and socks. Finally I pulled off my pants, releasing my stiff rod, wet with my pre-cum.

"Damn," he said, reaching over and rubbing his hand over my bare cock and balls. "You're all shaved."

"Mmmm, yes," I murmured, my hips pressing against his questing hand.

"There's a pillow in the back," he said. "Will you grab it, lean back against your door and spread your legs for me?"

I smiled. He was so plaintive in his requests, not demanding at all. I did what he asked, wondering if he was going to try to fist fuck me. I didn't believe that it was really likely, but a small part of my mind was excited by the possibility that it could happen. I wondered if it was possible at all.

I laid back, raising one leg over the seat back with the other on the dash and scooted my butt toward him, spreading my naked asshole open, my manhood rising over my stomach, leaking pre-cum onto my bare flesh.

"Wow, that's nice," he said, removing his hand from his own hard on and prodding my shithole with his middle finger.

"Oh God," I jerked as he tried to force his finger into my dry asshole.

"Wait, I can't do this. it hurts." I protested, feeling his dry finger scraping my assbud.

"I'm sorry," he said, withdrawing his finger. "Maybe you can just play with yourself for awhile. I'd just like to watch you."

And that is exactly what I did. Leaning against the door, I continued reading the tale of the abused hitchhiker, fondling my naked body, wetting my own finger and inserting it into my asshole as he watched me. 

I spent almost an hour playing with myself like that, reading his porn novels and just letting him watch as he drove down the highway.

It was a turn on for me to be lying there, stark naked, playing with my shaved pubes and dick, pinching my nipples and gently finger fucking myself in what was a fairly public venue.

And he enjoyed just watching me do myself while he squeezed his own cock from time to time.

Finally, he couldn't take it anymore and he pulled off at a rest stop to suck me off. His mouth was warm and wet and he enjoyed licking my naked flesh, suctioning my 

aching cock until I came, spurting my seed into his eager lips. Immediately after, he knelt over me and jerked himself off onto my bare belly and glistening cock, splattering his cum onto my naked flesh.

It was so weird.

By the time I got to Pamela's dorm, I had no more fears about my sexuality. I was just a fucking exhibitionist who got off on being naked and having sex.

I didn't care anymore what that made me... (In all of my porn reading and experiences back in the early 1970's, I had never come across the idea of being bisexual. I thought I was unique...)

I spent the weekend with Pam and her shy roommate, successfully fucking Pam and encouraging her virgin roommate to engage in some hot lesbian sex with my girlfriend.

We spent nearly one whole day together, casually naked; fucking for her roommate's education; and helping her get rid of her inhibitions by Pam and her going down on each other.

I felt like such a mature fucking college stud.