 I'm a bartender in my early 30's in a college town. If you know anything about the restaurant industry you know it's rampant with hookups among the staff and the industry lends itself to being more beneficial to females. It's just the truth of the matter in the tipped environment. You really need to know your stuff as a male in this line of work to make your money. But being able to make ends meet and have the benefit of a constant turn over in staff of young horny college girls while being one of few males and the bartender to boot has its major benefits!

One spring the managers took on another new hire waitress. A sophomore marketing major barely 19. First day I saw her I knew I had a new mark to make. She was a shorty barely 5' even, long flowing brown hair, sexy green eyes, scorched tan skin and an innocent babyface that could easily pass for a high school sophomore nevermind college. I played it cool did my work made it seem I barely noticed her til a moment our work crossed paths.

Finally along the shift I caught her in the kitchen looking lost and alone. 

"Looking for something?" I asked her. 

Her server trainer had sent her to brew tea but hadn't trained her on how to brew it. We have one of those big tea urn brewers, that brews sweet, unsweet tea and coffee. So she wasn't stupid or anything they're just a bit of a learning curve if you've never dealt with them.

She looked at me with such innocent lost sexy green eyes, "yea I'm not sure how to use this thing". 

I laughed, "here let me show you." 

I showed her how and she thanked me. 

"I'm Jon by the way," I introduced myself. 

"I'm Katie," she said and we shook hands. 

Gosh she had such soft young little hands...I couldn't wait to feel them wrapped around my hard cock. And fuck...that babyface as I looked at it mmmm those soft lips soon enough too. 

"Well welcome Katie, if ya ever get lost or need anything feel free to ask!" I said then headed back to my bar with the food I had come to get for my guest.

See there was no need to come on strong with these girls, in fact that was actually a hindrance in my experience. Like I said I'm one of few males they work with and most of the others are either gay, have girlfriends or uglier than me. Plus being older and coming on strong just comes off creepy to these girls. All I had to do was hang back keep a low profile, be myself make her laugh a few times a shift and just wait around for that right day when she was horny enough to come for me and then send those little signals.

One of the other servers got knocked up by her boyfriend about 2 weeks later. Made a big to do about how happy she was gonna be to be a mommy...gosh baby fever spreads through a restaurant like wildfire! It didn't take long before another server was knocked up about 3 weeks later. 

It took a good 2 1/2 months from her being hired but finals week was coming for the college and the kids were all getting stressed around then. Katie and I ended up on the same shift the sunday before finals week started. She had been trying to give up her shift to study more, but no one would take it. It was probably even more annoying that we were dead at the restaurant so she wasn't even making any money. She was the closing server that night and the rest of the servers were cut (that's the industry term for sent home cause its slow and they're not in need of you). So it was just me and Katie on the floor as the bartender and server with an empty restaurant.

We sat at the end of the bar just talking about life. I mostly just let her run her mouth as I watched those pretty little lips move and the different expressions that innocent babyface would make. Gosh what expressions I could have it make with my hard dick up inside her young pussy! We got to talking about our co-workers who we liked and didn't like and why. Naturally we got to talking about the pregnant servers.

"Yea baby fever spreads through this place pretty crazy sometimes." I said laughing with a smirk. 

"Oh my god, tell me about it!" she said then she kinda paused for a second.

We had been kinda bonding there alone this whole time...it's as if she had paused to decide if she should tell me a big secret and then her mouth opened...

"To be honest I kind of have it." she said with a blushing face and a smirk. 

"OOOH really?!" I said with a playful smirk back. 

She laughed, "I mean yea kinda...like don't tell anybody or anything but I sorta stopped taking my birth control a little over a month ago" looking up at me again with a blushed face. 

"Well dang girl you're really trying to get knocked up huh?" I laughed and nudged her playfully. 

She laughed back, "Well no, I don't know,"...she trailed off laughing..."I mean I've still been using condoms and stuff I think I just wanted to feel like it was a little riskier, I don't really need to be a mommy" she chuckled. 

I laughed back and we went on to talking about more work stuff. About 10 minutes later into our convo we had moved on to her schooling, it wasn't going well. 

"Ugh I'm so stressed I was hoping to study tonight, I need to make a 95 on this final just to get a C in the class or I have to retake the class," she told me. 

"Dang girl I have faith I bet you'll get the 95." I said with a smile. 

She smiled back "Thanks but I don't, I don't even think I'm gonna take it honestly...I have no chance of getting a 95." she laughed. "I'm just stressed cause my parents are gonna be pissed this will set me back". 

At this point our manager came over and told us to clean or organize stuff since we didn't have anything to do. I knew the perfect thing to do! 

"Hey Katie you ever seen the keg cooler?" I said to her.

"No," she replied. 

"Well you wanna come back and help me re-organize things back there", I responded.

"Sure!" she said. 

The keg cooler was THE perfect place to get away with anything...sure it was cold but it was the only place besides the bathrooms in the whole restaurant that didn't have cameras...and the benefit of plenty of open room.

As we walked in Katie looked around, "cool so this is how all the beer on the taps stay cold?"

"Yup", I replied. "It's also the perfect place not to be bothered by management," I said with a smirk and locked the keg cooler door in obvious fashion behind me.

She gave me a playful smirk back.

"Now if they ask we were organizing this rack of bottled beers over here, ok?" with a playful smirk back.

She laughed, "ok". 

Then I walked over to the extra boxes of bottle beers grabbed two mich ultras and opened one for her and one for me. 

"I'm not even old enough ya know?" she said laughing but took it anyway with a big swig. 

"I know," I laughed, "but what else are we supposed to do on this dead ass night" giving her a smirking look. 

She responded with a devilish little vixen grin back then took a swig of her beer...

"wellll... so the managers are really locked out of here?" she asked.

"Yup!", I said matter of factly then took a swig of my beer. "they'd have to knock and we just hide the beers open the door and say we've been organizing stuff in here and didn't know the door locked, happens all the time," I said and took another swig.

She was sitting down leaning back to try and be comfortable over the keg. This made her uniform lay over her itty bitty tits outlining them perfectly. When I say itty bitty I mean I hadn't realized she wasn't wearing a bra until that moment but I guess with tits that tiny she didn't really need to. But they were mmm soooo firmly perky and standing at attention. She was getting cold in the cooler and her little nips were beginning to harden and poke through the thinly made fabric of our uniform and I couldn't help but stare. 

"Find something interesting?" she said with a little smirk, obviously realizing I was staring at her tits. 

"As a matter of fact yes, just admiring how cold you're obviously getting and dang girl no bra huh?" I laughed. 

She giggled, "Well it's not like I have anything to admire there, and yea I guess I am getting kinda cold," she said laughing as she looked down and saw her nips but made no attempt to cover them and then took another swig of beer. 

"Aw c'mon now they're cute, suits you perfectly," I said with a devilish grin which she returned my way. 

I took another swig of beer the flirtation and body signals had been going all night and who knew when a manager might break this up, it was time to make a move!

"You know I wouldn't mind warming them up for ya a bit, hate for ya to get too cold in here," I said nonchalantly taking a swig of beer. 

She giggled, "I bet you could but you shouldn't start something you're not gonna finish" she said taking a swig with a smirk. 

"Ooooh well then little girl if thats how you're gonna be!" I said with a playful smile as I reached out and started rubbing her erect nipple through the thin polyester uniform. 

She made no protest and took a swig of her beer as I continued.

"You know, I know some stress relief activities that'll warm ya up real good" I said, looking directly into her sexy green eyes as she let out a soft moan from my rubbing. 

"mmmm..." she moaned and then smiled, "...you have a condom, right?"

"Girl it's not like I came to work expecting to fuck" I said laughing. 

"Oh gosh" she said giggling back "its just...mmmm..." she moaned from my rubbing and her sentence trailed off. She was losing the ability to listen to her brain's logic, her body was already submitting to her primal urges, being off her birth control was helping. 

I knew this young teen was probably in the throes of really feeling what it's like to truly be a bitch in heat, her mom probably had her get on birth control from her first period. I lifted her shirt to expose one itty bitty beautiful perky breast and suckled it into my mouth. She leaned her head back and let out the cutest "coooo". I removed my mouth from her pretty little tit to reveal a tiny but perky baby tit with the most adorable little hard erect pink nip. The lights of the keg cooler shined bright to reveal the shimmering saliva I'd left behind over the pretty little nip as a strand of warm wet saliva pulled up with my mouth then broke and splayed itself down over her beautifully skinny toned stomach. 

Responding to her trailed off sentence, "It's just what girl?" I asked then tenderly suckled her adorable babe tit back into my mouth.

Her tits were so adorably tiny, I knew they had to be extra sensitive, the key to driving this young bitch in heat over the edge and head first into her primal side. If she hadn't wanted to experience this she shouldn't have gone off birth control. I was in the driver's seat to her body, she was mine as I wanted to take her, any sense of free will on her part was an illusion. 

She leaned her head back into another soft moan, "oooooo...its just that...mmmm...that feels good...no its just that this is literally the worst time...mmmm...with what I said before...like with my birth control".

I moved my hand as she was talking down and was now rubbing her clit through her yoga pants she wears to work, as fabric goes it didn't do much to keep me from hitting her spot. 

"ooooooooooh godddddd thats mmmmmmm..." she trailed off, "...oooo, like my period is probably in 10 days like with ovulating and stuff...mmmm...like it's just a really bad time ya know...mmmm, gosh you're so good at that". 

I was driving her body wild and watching that innocent babyface in the throws of lust, submitting to me as a bitch in heat, wanting to submit even; my cock was rock hard for her now.

I removed my mouth from her nip but continued to rub her clit through the yoga pants. I moved my face close to hers and looked deep in her adorably sexy green eyes. 

"Well what was it you said about riskier?" I asked with a playful smirk and rubbed her clit harder. 

She let out a playful grin as she then moaned harder from the rubbing, "ooooo, fuck mmmm...ugh fine just pull out though" 

She was continuing to submit to me. I pulled her yoga pants off and pushed her pretty little bright powder blue thong to the side. No telling when the managers might come knocking. I was right there and this needed to be quick. I lined up my dick and moved it up and down her slit gathering her juices she was sooooo wet. I bent over her and looked at her writhing in lust. Her cute little babyface panting, wanting to do everything her primal urges were calling for...begging for it even but that little part of her brain quickly dying off telling her to worry. 

Finally responding to her with my hard cock rubbing up and down her slit, "Girl we're in the keg cooler I can't leave a mess, just take it and get the morning after pill". 

I never really wanted to knock a girl up, didn't really want a baby. But this moment, all this talk and knowing how dangerous it was. And gosh this girl with that innocent face being ravished by me, filled with lust it was driving me wild! I hadn't fucked in a week and a half which was long for me and I hadn't even jerked off in like 5 days. I had a huge load built up and I knew right there and then looking down at this little 19 year old body, panting, writhing, teasing me to knock her up that this huge load I had saved was there to seed this girl and seed her deep, nothing else mattered right now. 

"I'm just so broke right now, thats why I'm working...mmmm," she said as she started to press her hips up into my hardened tool. 

I had long surpassed fuck it mode, this girl was going to get a huge load of my cum deep in her womb shortly but I wanted her to want it. 

"well girl whats it you said about not starting things you're not gonna finish," I bluffed for a second and pulled my cock back, "fine I can stop" I said.

"NOOOOO" she wrapped her legs around me so fast and plunged my dick into her depths. It was all I could do not to explode right there!

We met face to face my hard cock deep in her as she let out the biggest moan with that cute little innocent babyface as my cock penetrated her, it was so hard not to explode. 

"fuckkkkk" I responded.

She was so tight probably hadn't been with too many guys before. Her pussy just clenched on my naked cock like a vice! 

"mmmm fine you want it," I said. 

"yessss pllllease fuck me!" she said. 

"No! Tell me more...tell me you're gonna be a good little girl and take my cum deep inside you!" I said refusing to move my dick as it sat inside her. 

I wanted to pump so bad, her pussy was squeezing so hard trying to milk me. She wanted it, her body wanted my cum, but I wanted her to ask for it! 

Subconsciously her little body pumped a little on my dick as she heard that "oooooh god I can't...I can't say that" she giggled. 

"Say it or you don't get my dick" I pumped once. 

"mmmmmm yesss fuck it ok, ok! I want it, I'll take your cum" she panted, "just fuck me plllease pllllease fuck me! oooooo mmmm gosh"

"Thats not everything I told you to say idk if you really want this cock" I said pumping once more. 

"ooooo my fucking gosh fine yes, fucking yes I want it! oooooo plllease I'm a good little girl, I'm gonna take all your cum deep in me...mmmm please fuck me...plllllease!!", she purred.

Her pretty little green eyes filled with lust her cute innocent babyface flush with the wanten longing look of needing a hard dick to impale her, she'd finally submitted completely to me even if it meant getting knocked up. Those worrisome thoughts were gone only the primal urge was left. SHe was truly a young bitch in heat. Who am I to deny this little innocent cute sexy thing everything she asked for?! 

"Good girl!" I said and started fiercely fucking her pretty 19 yr old tight pussy as I watched her innocent babyface with those sexy green eyes submit to her every primal lust-filled desire. 

"ooooooo oooo yes fuck me mmmmm fuckkkkk me oooooo yes yes yes" she cried, "harder mmmm yes harder fuck fuck fuckkkk yessssss!" 

It wasn't long before all the built up cum inside me was ready to burst. I put my forehead down to meet hers and pumped her as hard as I could as quickly as I could. 

"Getting close girl you ready for it, you ready for my hot load deep inside you," I told her. 

"Oh god, oh god, I can't believe I'm gonna do this but YESSS I want it I want it so bad I'm gonna be a good girl give it to me, give me your cum I want to feel it so so so baddddddd mmmmm fill me uppp dooo it pllllease!" she cried out.

I wasn't kidding about not making a mess if the managers saw cum somewhere that wouldn't be good and we really didn't have anything to clean it up so this little girl was going to have to be a good cum dump right now and take every bit of this gigantic load I was going to explode into her. I don't know that she realized the amount of cum I was about to explode into the depths of her young pussy, if I had told her maybe she would have had second thoughts but she was here now, she had put herself in this scenario and she was going to take a 30 yr old man's weeks built up load deep in the depths of her young 19 yr old freshly unprotected womb! I was determined to get EVERY drop in her! 

I picked her tiny frame up off the keg and placed her with the backs of her shoulders on the ground as if pinned down with her face looking up at me and her lower body sticking up so gravity would help this girl be the best cum dump she could be. I grabbed her soft tiny hand and guided it to my ballsack, she started softly rubbing it as if she knew exactly what I wanted. It was the last straw those tiny little soft hands coaxing my tender balls to spew their load was the last I could take. 

I plunged as deep into her pussy as I could, "oooooh yea take it girl take it, fuckkkk yes here it comes, take my cum, take it all". 

I guess a small part of her had been hoping I'd been saying things just to make the fuck hotter and that maybe I didn't mean what I said. Cause as she first felt my cock pulse for a tiny moment (literally a fraction of a second) her facial expression changed from lust-filled to her mouth dropping open in shock and worry as she realized I really WAS pumping her full of cum! But as soon as she felt the first spurt of warm hot gooey cum hit her cervix a fulfilled erotic smile of accomplishment washed over her pretty little innocent babyface and she cooed ever so tenderly and gently wrapped her legs around my back pulling me in closer submitting and accepting her usage as a good little girl cum dump . Her tiny soft hands never stopped cupping my balls while I came, her body wanted every last drop. I was so deep and I could feel so much cum blasting into her depths, warm gooeyness just filling her every empty nook of her womb. She cooed more as she looked up at me as I continued to fill her amazing little puss milking me for all I was worth.

She went through an array of emotions in that moment as she responded trailing off as she did, "ooooo ooooh its ...mmmmm... its so ...oooo its ...sooo warmmm mmmmm...sooo warmmm".

She smiled with an ever erotic sense of primal accomplishment, a smile she kept the entire time I laid there filling her. She laid her head back on the ground to just lay there accepting the huge load I was continuing to give her, moving her free hand to hold her stomach where she felt the warmth in her depths. Even after the last spurt which was probably 2 minutes later she continued ever so gently to massage my ballsack trying to coax whatever she could with those tender little soft fingers. Spent I tried to hold her bottom up as I collapsed on top of her, cock still inside her, I never saw even a drop escape and I had probably given this girl the biggest load of my life. I was impressed such a tiny girl had taken so much. I kissed her and we kissed for awhile like that until there was a bang on the door. 
