 My first year of college was a whirlwind of frat parties, alcohol, and lots and lots of sex. By my second year of college, I was focused mainly on the sex—the kinkier the better, the more the merrier. I was turning into a slut and loving every minute of it.

I don't know when I first got the idea to sleep with one of my professors, but pretty soon I was thinking about it every day, trying to think who the lucky old fart would be who I'd let bang me silly.

At twenty, I was tall, leggy and blonde with pert 34bs and a nice, firm ass. But, more than that, I knew how to show it all off in a way that made a guy's mouth water for a taste... or even just a longer glimpse. If they only knew how horny their hungry looks made me.

I decided that Professor Jefferson was the perfect candidate. I wasn't very good at history anyway and so I let my grade slip towards F. Dr. Jefferson was the type of professor who wanted to befriend his students and help them, so I knew he'd likely ask to see me in his office.

I knew my seduction couldn't happen in one day, no matter how hot I made Dr. Jefferson. He was married to a nurse or something, though by his late night office hours and pleas for student attention it seemed the marriage wasn't doing all that great. I walked to class dreaming of a married man in his fifties fucking me on his desk. I wanted the danger of being exposed at any minute, and soon he would too.

We got out last papers back and, as I suspected, Dr. Jefferson had asked me to stop by his office later in the afternoon. I grinned, crossing my legs feeling my pussy already damp at all my fantasies. Today, I would give Dr. Johnson a taste... something to long for and lust after.

I changed before going to his office. Usually I went for a conservative slutty, but I didn't want him to mistake me for a minute. I wore a conservative button-down white blouse, but, I wore no bra and left the buttons unbuttoned far enough so he could get a good look. Then I put on a plaid mini-skirt, wondering if looking like a slutty school girl would turn him on.

I knocked on Dr. Jefferson's door.

"Come on."

I walked in, smiling demurely. "Hi, Dr. Jefferson. You wanted to see me?"

He cleared his throat, and I could tell his eyes boggled at the lovely display before him. He shifted in his seat, desperately prying his eyes away from my cleavage.

"Yes... yes, Ms. Appleton. I did. You're um... you're paper... it wasn't... it didn't seem..." "Did I catch you at a bad time, Dr. Jefferson?" I asked, feigning ignorance and seductively crossing my legs. I wasn't wearing any panties either.

He looked furtively back at his desk. "No. No. Your paper was poor, Ms. Appleton. I suspect you can do better. I wanted to see what the problem was."

Shyly, I pouted. "I'm sorry, Dr. Jefferson. I'm trying, really. But, well it's been hard personally for a few weeks and I've tried, but I've just been really down."

"Oh," Dr. Jefferson brightened, his eagerness to help causing me giggle inside. "Well, that's completely understandable, Brittany. Life happens. I completely understand being down and having it affect your work. I'd like to give you a chance to do it better."

"Oh, really, Dr. Jefferson? That would be wonderful!"

"Of course. But, I would ask that you have it in by Friday."

I stood, sauntering over to him. "Oh yes, Dr. Jefferson. I'll do it. I promise I'll work really hard on it." I bent over his desk, making eye contact with him before his eyes couldn't help but fall to my exposed breasts.

"You're so sweet, Dr. Jefferson," I cooed. "It's so good of you to take into account a student's feelings."

He cleared his throat again, looking away. "Not a problem," he squeaked. "Bring it by Friday before five."

I hopped up, my breasts heaving with the action. "Yes, sir."

***

On Friday, I had a paper all done, but it wasn't on Latin American Diplomacy. I'd written an erotic story all about Dr. Jefferson fucking me. I chuckled, as I walked to his office. It had the title page of the history paper, but when he read it, he'd be in for a big surprise. I would act embarrassed and shocked, but hopefully he'd be too aroused to care and fuck me across his desk good and rough.

I knocked on the door and stepped in. Dr. Jefferson was hunched over his desk. He smiled brightly when I entered. I was wearing a dress this time, low cut and again no underwear. I had a feeling he noticed.

"Hello, Brittany. Well, you're two hours early. Usually students wait till the last minute."

I chuckled. "Well, I hoped you could go over it right now... that way I still have time to make some changes if you think I need it."

"Why, of course. How conscientious of you."

I smiled, sitting down on the chair and handing it to him. "Be gentle, I worked very hard," I purred.

He took the paper and read the title page and then flipped over. As he began to read, I spread my legs open. He read, his face flushing and his mouth gaping open. But, he didn't say anything, just continued to read. A great sign.

"Um... Ms... Ms... I think.... You must have... Oh my."

"What's wrong?"

"This isn't your paper."

"What?" In all innocence, I walked over to the desk, bent over the paper so my tits were in his face. "Oh no!"

I stepped back, my face offering the shock I certainly didn't feel. "Oh God, Dr. Jefferson. Oh no."

"Brittany," he said, his voice low as he handed the paper back to me. "This is very inappropriate."

"I know." I covered my head in my hands and faked a few tears. "This is so embarrassing. It's just, you're so handsome and smart, Dr. Jefferson. When I was writing the paper, I couldn't help but think of all the things I wanted you to do to me. It was distracting me, so I thought if I wrote it all out ... oh God you must think I'm some kind of degenerate."

"Oh, Brittany, now, don't cry." He awkwardly patted my back and I looked up at him pleading. 

"I'm not in trouble am I? Please?"

"No, it was an honest mistake."

"Oh thank you, Dr. Jefferson. You're so understanding. It's why I can't help fantasizing about you. I know it's wrong, you have a wife and I'm sure she's nice and understanding and satisfies you. How foolish of me to even dream I could give you something."

"Uh..." He was torn and I pounced on his emotions. I stood and positioned myself on his desk. "Dr. Jefferson, touch my pussy. I'm so wet. Just thinking about you makes me so wet."

"Brittany... this is..."

"I know, but just touch me. Just once," I begged, hiking up my skirt and showing off my beautifully shaven pussy.

He was mesmerized, and his cock was bulging inside his pants. "No one will ever know, Dr. Jefferson, just one touch."

As if my pussy would bite him if he moved to quickly, he inched his finger forward, until it gently brushed across my slit.

I moaned, pushing forward. "Stick it inside me, Dr. Jefferson."

Under my spell, he couldn't stop himself. Slowly, his finger entered my tight, wet hole. I arched against him. "Yes, Dr. Johnson. Play with me, please. Oh I want you so bad."

It was then I knew I had him, relentlessly, he shoved his finger in and out of my pussy, slowly adding another and then another. His eyes were glazed over and I knew his conscious was out the window. Now he was mine.

I leaned up and licked his ear. "Fuck me, Dr. Jefferson," I whispered. "Give me that hard cock. Cum inside me. I want to feel your hot load inside my aching pussy." The dirty talk was getting to him, so I kept going until he snapped. "Come on, don't you want to feel my tight pussy around that big cock? Don't you want to use me? Fuck me. Fuck me like the little slut that I am."

It was that and he was done. He pushed his books and papers off the desk and shoved me onto it, spreading my legs wide. He dropped his pants so quickly I barely had time to brace myself. In a flash, his thick six-inch cock was pounding inside of me.

For an older man, he was strong. And he lasted, pounding me with the force of a football player. He placed his thumb on my clit applying light pressure, and I began to feel my blood boil. 

"You like that, slut?" He grunted.

"Oh yeah," I squealed, trying to buck against him. "Shove that cock in my. Play with my clit. Make me cum."

He grinned, almost manically. He continued to apply pressure; manipulating my clit until I was so close to my peak I was practically screaming and begging all at the same time. "Give it to me, make me cum," I begged.

He flicked my clit lightly and with one good hard thrust I was lost in a wave of absolute ecstasy. I screamed and moaned and writhed as the amazing orgasm washed over me. By his grunts, I knew he was getting close too, so I egged him on.

"Com on, cum inside me. Fill me up. I'm your cum whore. Give me all those hot juices. Yeah, come on."

With one grunt and a hard thrust, he emptied himself inside me. He pushed and pushed, every inch of his cock deep in my pussy as he unloaded his buckets of cum.

I smiled up at him. "I've been dreaming of doing that all semester. Think I can get an A on that paper."

"You come in after every assignment, you'll have an A on every paper," he panted.

The perfect deal.