 How had it started?

It wasn't like she had dialed up a random stranger and said, "fuck me." She knew him. She knew him really, really well. But he knew her, too - far better than she knew him. When she heard his voice, it was almost as though he could understand what she was thinking before she even put it into words. Something about it made her ache all over and long to hear that voice closer, in her ear, whispering words too soft for anyone else to hear.

She had never thought it would come to this. It had started so innocently - just playful banter, back and forth, online and with text messages. Those long, friendly conversations where each of them would drop hints here and there. And they weren't really hints like that, either - after all, it was just part of the game. She'd married him on Facebook as a joke, and they told each other they loved each other as a joke. It was part of the game. So the hints they had been dropping hadn't really started out seriously, had they?

It had become more. Much, much more. Those conversations that got breathier and breathier. Pushing the phone against her ear, her whole body tense, listening to him speak. Listening to him describe things. The way he spoke about sex didn't seem strange at all, yet it pushed at a part of her that she couldn't quite understand. That night when she had texted him - "Fuck me." - and meant it. Completely.

Unfortunately he didn't live anywhere close to her - they'd met online. But that didn't matter any more.

~%~

She called him V. He liked that. He rolled down the window and turned down his stereo, so that the strains of steel guitar and drums mixed almost lazily with the roar of the wind as it ruffled his hair. He loved driving fast, and he was confident that he'd be able to talk his way out of a speeding ticket if he got pulled over. Of course, she always said it was conceit, not confidence, didn't she? A grin crept across his face when he thought of her voice, and he flicked the cruise control down from 87 to 83. Better to not take chances. Every moment taken to get to her seemed like an eternity, but he'd definitely take longer if he did get pulled over.

He'd wanted to come visit her for a long, long time. Far too long, he thought. V was really eager, and for a really good reason...she was damn amazing. He let his mind wander over pictures she'd sent him - pictures that, had she not been 18, definitely would have gotten him in trouble. Those legs that simply begged for his fingertips...those hips and that stomach that gave him goosebumps. "I could write a love letter about every square inch of you," he whispered into the wind.

V was finally coming. It had been too long.

~%~

His lips pushed against hers, his hands sliding between her legs, her body tossing and turning on the bed, rumpling the bedsheets. Her chest heaved...and then she stopped her imagination. She'd imagined him with her many, many times - gosh, he was coming today! She sat up in the bed, promising herself she would wait until he got here. What would he do? She smiled, and one hand unconsciously crept between her legs again before she shook her head, pulling her hand away and standing up.

She knew that V would fuck her. She wanted it. She needed it. That didn't make waiting for it any easier, though. Why else would a guy travel 1200 miles - with gas prices skyrocketing?

Her name wasn't Babe. Really, it wasn't. But he refused to call her anything else - as a proper name, that is. Love, darling, sweetheart, beautiful, sexy, dear - he called her quite a few things, now that she thought about it. But her "real" name, it him, was just "Babe". She smiled whenever he said it.

She could hear her parents downstairs. Would they ever leave? It was almost five, and V would probably be here in less than half an hour. Babe's parents were going out of town - or at least they were planning to - but they took painfully long to get ready. Ever since she had graduated high school, they usually didn't care what she did, but she was sure they would take offense to this. "Go, dammit!" she thought. V could talk his way through most things, but he probably wouldn't be able to talk his way into her bedroom while her parents were still at home.

She tapped her foot impatiently. She had put on heels with her outfit, but she didn't want her parents to see them. The fewer questions they asked, the better.

~%~

"Oh, look - a curve in the road. Am I supposed to slow down for that?" V shoved in the clutch and changed into fourth gear. About thirty feet before the curve, he turned the wheel almost halfway around. The rear tires started to drift wide as the back end of the car swung around into a skid. His right foot pushed the accelerator to the floor, the engine roaring over the wind in his ears and the squeal of his tires. Just as the spinning skid brought him past a full 90 degrees, he came off the clutch, connecting the roaring engine to the rear wheels. They spun on the pavement for a few seconds, pouring white smoke in billows, before quickly catching traction and hurling the car forward. V twisted the wheel to the right, then to the left, then straight ahead. "Hey Babe," he said out loud, "I just took a curve rated at 25 miles an hour, and I never went below 65. Proud of me?" He smiled. "No, I didn't think so - you think I'm stupid, don't you? Sorry. I won't do it again. Not yet, anyhow."

V picked up his phone. It was easy to call her. He'd made sure of that. Just three taps on the glossy screen. His music faded out and he heard her phone ringing through the car stereo.

~%~

"Hey, Babe." Her face was wreathed in a smile the instant she heard his voice. "Coast clear yet?" She tugged at the blinds. "Mom and dad are still here."

He groaned inwardly. "Damn it, when are they going to be out of there? I'm not waiting." 

"Don't worry, I'm sure they'll be gone in a few minutes," she laughed. "I love you, V."

"I love you too, Babe."

~%~

So this was it. He parked on the curb close to her house, but not so close that it was obvious. It felt so good to stretch his legs - there were only a few cars that could easily accommodate a 6' 4" frame, and his Mustang wasn't one of them. He pulled his bag out of the trunk, slung it over his shoulder, and walked up to her front door.

~~

He looked so good, standing there smiling at her. He was tall - so much taller than she had imagined. From where he was, looking down at her, she was sure his shoulders were at least 18" across, if not wider. Her eyes roamed over his chest - the muscles pressing out against his shirt - the upper arms that stretched his short sleeves tight. She glanced up at his face ... hair cropped short above dark eyebrows. She looked deep into his eyes, and they flashed steel blue before fading into deep green. He'd told her he could change the color of his eyes at will, but she'd never believed it until now. She smiled.

He smiled back, taking in her lithe body that was draped in a spaghetti strap tank top with jean shorts. Her soft brown hair fell around her creamy neck and her hint of cleavage was clearly visible under her low-cut top. His eyes caressed her sides, dropping down to her bare midriff and wandering lazily across her hips and legs. Those beautiful, gorgeous, sexy legs.

"Hiya, Babe."

"Hello, V."

She stood motionless, the fingertips of her hand still touching the doorknob as if they were held by magnets. He shrugged his shoulder and the bag dropped. Before it had hit the ground, his arms were around her and their foreheads were pressed together. Her arms were wrapped around his back, digging in with her fingertips.

For an instant, everything in the world collapsed. It was all spinning wildly, except for their foreheads and noses barely touching. He looked deep into her eyes and slowly pulled her chest close to his, forcing her lips against his. A shudder ran through her body as his lips and tongue brushed and massaged hers. She eagerly thrust her tongue between his lips, but he caught it with his and pushed it back, twisting around and circling the edges of her mouth. His fingertips slid up her back and the roughness of his tongue slid across the smoothness of her teeth - another shudder ran through her body that made her gasp for breath. 

She pulled closer, running her hands over his chest, and kissed him more hungrily. She wanted him. Her eyes were closed, but she could smell his cologne and taste his mouth and feel his touches and hear his breathing. He bent his head down and ran his tongue from between her breasts up her neck to her ear softly, and she threw her head back.

His body was shaking with anticipation and nervous energy. She was so, so perfect. As his hands slid over her bare legs and around her back and up her shirt, the feeling of her skin under his fingertips electrified him. He slid his hand around the back of her leg and pulled her up, grinding her mound against his already-swelling crotch.

His arms held her so firmly. Now he had picked her up and was carrying her across the room, towards her bedroom. She didn't care where he was taking her, as long as she could stay in his arms. His lips were tracing circles on her neck and throat, and she was pushing her swollen mound against his groin as hard as she could. She could already feel the wetness between her legs seeping through her panties and saturating her jeans.

This had to be her room. He half-threw, half-dropped her body on the bed and slid his body on top of her, his hands caressing her legs while his lips found her navel and started kissing her stomach savagely. She was tossing and turning as his tongue dragged across her ribs, his head completely buried under her shirt. She felt his fingers sliding under her shorts and reached down, trying to pull at his shirt. It was too tight - she couldn't budge it. His teeth fastened onto her shirt and he gripped the hem with one of his hands. Jerking his head violently, he ripped the fabric down the center, exposing her creamy stomach and her black lacy bra. She gasped in surprise, then smiled. He slid up, pressing his lips against hers again and intertwining their legs.

Now that he was on top of her, she could pull his t-shirt off more easily. Actually, shirts; he was wearing a white cotton tee underneath. She succeeded in getting them up to his shoulders, and he raised his arms so that she could pull them over his head. He lowered his chest so that the muscles touched her bra cups, and she shuddered again. As his hands held her face and he kissed her, she let her fingertips probe his chest and stomach muscles. She felt his bulging cock pressing against her groin through his shorts.

He could feel her breathing heavier and heavier underneath his body. He slid one hand down, unfastening the buckle on her jean shorts and working the zipper down. Laughing through the kisses, she tried to pull his shorts down but she couldn't reach far enough. His hands tugged at her already-moistened shorts, pulling them down to fill the room with the aroma of her arousal. She kicked her shorts off, throwing them across the room. He smelled her and tasted her and felt her...when he leaned back he, could see her half-naked body smiling back up at him and his heart skipped a beat.

So beautiful.

He was kneeling over her, bare chest and arms forming a tent over her body. He was so much bigger than she had thought, but it didn't scare her. Not really. He leaned to one side and drug his tongue across her chest at the base of her bra cups. She shivered at the touch of his tongue, pushing her chest up into his face. She felt his fingertips slide down her stomach and to her soaked panties, and a shock ran through her body again as his fingers danced along the insides of her thighs and his thumb rubbed the top of her mound in gentle circles. Her whole body was heaving and she was shoving her crotch against his hand and her breasts against his face. His teeth found the front closure of her bra at the same time that his thumb brushed her swollen clit and as she gasped for breath her bra popped open. His lips were immediately closed around one of her erect nipples and his other hand massaged her other breast gently.

As his bared teeth caressed her nipple, sending mixed waves of pain and pleasure across her chest, she shoved her mound harder against his hand. He kept deliberately missing her clit, instead circling around it and up and down the swollen lips of her pussy through her dripping panties. She longed for him to enter her, to push her past the brink, but her kept her so close without letting her cum. She reached out, pulling him on top of her, but he pulled away and let his tongue drag down from her breasts across her stomach and to her panties. She gripped the bedsheets as his mouth covered her sex and his tongue traced the edges of her panties. His tongue slipped underneath, probing her dripping pussy lips, and he tilted his head slightly. She gasped as his teeth gripped her panties and tugged gently, sliding them over her hips and down her legs. She felt the cool air mingled with his breath caress her bare pussy and she shivered in the delicious ecstasy.

He was looking down at her and smiling, breathing heavily. His hands gripped her hips and he dragged his tongue slowly up her ankle, past her knee, up the inside of her leg, and between her swollen pussy lips. She could feel everything so intimately...his fingernails teasing her stomach and her breasts, and his tongue and teeth sliding in and out of the delicate folds of her sex. Moaning, she gyrated her hips, pushing against his face. He slid his hands down, grabbing her hips firmly, and holding her shaking body in place as his tongue pressed deep between her legs and his teeth pushed against her folds and clit.

She dug her fingers into his shoulders and screamed, moaning as he kissed and drank her pussy hungrily. He wasn't playing games anymore - he was pushing her relentlessly and firmly, forcing her to cum. She shook her head at the sensations, trying to force her mound against his teeth, lips, and tongue, but he held her hips steady and continued to devour her sex.

He could tell that she was close. He slid his tongue deeper, burying his chin between her legs, and he pulled deeply against her clit. His hands slipped off her hips as she went wild, the orgasm ravishing her body and her frame heaving over and over. She reached down, grabbing his head and pulling him up to her, kissing him over and over, tasting her own juices mingled with his saliva. Shudders continued to wrack her body as she pulled him closer, kissing deeply, dancing their tongues together. His entire body was tense now, longing to feel her, to be inside her.

She reached down and pulled his shorts and boxers off, releasing a cock that was already bathed in precum. Reaching lower, she ran her fingertips along its length, letting her fingers trace every vein. She felt a shudder run through his body and his breath caught as she continued kissing him.

He kissed her more softly now, as her body recovered from the massive orgasm that had gone through it moments before. Moving his hips gently, he positioned himself directly at her entrance and let the swollen head of his cock slide up and down her thoroughly wet pussy. She moaned at the sensation.

"Fuck me, V. Please, just fuck me," she groaned, feeling the sides of her pussy spread apart as he pushed between them gently. With his lips pushed against hers and the head of his cock just inside her, he started moving his hips slowly in a circle, rotating the head just inside and pushing smoothly against her clit with each rotation. She gasped for breath at the feeling, her nails digging into his back. She moved her hips in unison with his, twisting the head inside and opening herself further.

His head dipped down to kiss her erect nipples, and his hands slid to her wrists. Lifting her arms above her head, he kissed her, pinning her spread-eagled under his weight. She gasped again as he slowly and deliberately pushed an inch into her, then pulled out. She tried to tell him to go in, but he silenced her with a kiss and pushed his way in two inches. She groaned, feeling her insides spread apart to make space for him. She wasn't sure how deep it would go, but it was so wide that she didn't know how she was taking it in.

He slid in an inch at a time, then pulled out just to the entrance and rotated his hips. Then he would go again, but an inch further each time. She cried out when he passed five inches, and again when he passed seven. The sensation of opening herself up as he pushed his way in was the most incredible thing she had ever felt.

The pressure in his cock was building slowly, but the fire in her was blazing much more quickly. As he buried himself slowly for the ninth or tenth time, farther than ever, she felt the entire length of his cock pushing against the inside of her pussy and the head of his cock pressed against the back of her womb. The feeling, combined with his weight on top of her and his lips pressing against hers, was enough to send her into another orgasm, and though she couldn't move her arms from where he had pinioned them above her head, she thrashed side to side and screamed with the pleasure that shot through her.

He started fucking her slowly as her orgasm subsided again, her juices pouring out and covering his crotch. Still buried inside of her, he rolled over onto his back, lifting her above him. Looking down, she could see his abs contracting and expanding as he thrust up into her. It was almost as though he was pushing all the way to her backbone, each thrust filling her with sensations she had only imagined before.

With each thrust, V gritted his teeth and willed himself to hold back. The feeling of his entire rock-hard cock being firmly gripped by Babe's tight pussy was almost too much for him to bear, and he slowed down even further as she gyrated her hips on top of him. The feeling subsided, and he gripped her hips and kissed her chest.

He started fucking her harder and harder, each thrust up into her body going deeper than the one before. She gasped with each thrust, crying out as the waves of pleasure radiated from her pussy. He smiled at her as he sped up, each thrust slapping his hips against hers and bringing her gasps closer and closer together. He began to moan as the pressure built up further and further, and his continued fucking set off another orgasm in her. This one kept erupting for thrust after thrust as he continued sliding himself in and out of her. A full forty seconds passed before her orgasm began to subside and the next one started building.

She could feel that he was almost ready to cum. In a raw instant, she went completely limp on top of him, letting him drive himself further and further into her. Moments later both their bodies tensed completely as her most powerful orgasm yet erupted inside her. A split second later, he followed suit, spraying his hot cum inside of her. Feeling him filling her prolonged her orgasm, and her cum poured out around his still-hard cock.

Exhausted, she collapsed on top of him, his cock still buried inside of her. He nibbled at her neck and whispered to her, running his hands softly up and down her back. She looked into his eyes - they were a green that she had never seen before. Then she closed her eyes yet again as their lips met.

"I love you, Babe."

"I know, V."