 Benjamin Hart wept inside as he was wheeled into his private room. He had been in the other hospital for over two months. Now his parents had put him in a rehab hospital in a private room. The motorcycle accident he had two months ago had left him in a coma. Luckily his parents had money and could afford to put him here with a private nurse. He wanted to scream but could not make a sound or move his limbs. Benjamin could hear everything that was said to him but could not respond. His mother and father arrived with his private nurse.

“Miss Dupree, this is Benjamin, our son,” said Mr. Hart. His mother was fluttering about pulling the sheets up and adjusting his pillows. 

“Hi Benjamin, my name is Lacy Dupree. I’m going to be your private nurse in the evenings. I’m going to take really good care of you and make sure you maintain your muscle tone,” said a soft voice.

Her voice sounded nice, but Ben had no way of telling what she looked like. After awhile they all left and Ben was left to lay there and listen to the sounds around him. This was the hard part for him when there was no one around and he was left to just think. He was the go-getter type. He liked having fun and being around others. Laying up in bed unable to talk or move was a downer for him

Later, someone came in and Ben could hear sounds of movement throughout the room. 

“Hi Benjamin, it’s Lacy. I’m going to be with you the rest of the night. Your dad said you love sports, so we’re going to watch a couple of games. I’m going to give you a massage later. That’s one of the things I’ll be doing to keep you in shape,” said Lacy.

Benjamin really wanted to see what she looked like. Her voice reminded him of a girl named Pam who he use to fuck like crazy. Most of the girls Ben dated were dancers. He loved their long legs and how they all ended at the honey patch as he called their pussies. 

Pam used to stand over him dancing and playing with her slit. Ben’s eye’s would be glued to her honey patch. Then she would wind herself down and impaled his throbbing cock. Pam used her superior leg and sphincter muscles to ride Ben and then milk all his cum out of him. The first time they fucked Ben actually passed out. After that he was hooked on dancers.

Over the next several weeks, Ben was given good daily workouts by the day shift staff. Lacy gave him an hour massage every night and positioned him throughout the evening. Ben loved the feel of her hands on his body. She gave him a good workout and they usually listened to a sports game with Lacy giving a running commentary.

During the massages, Ben would think of some of the girls he had fucked or sometimes he visualized fucking Lacy. One night while Lacy was massaging him and he was mentally fucking her, he heard her gasp.

“Ohh Ben....what have we got here?” exclaimed Lacy.

Ben could not see it, but he knew his cock was standing at attention. 

“I’ve never had this happen. What should I do....let it go down or bring you off?” whispered Lacy in his ear.

Touch it his mind screamed. He was rewarded with the feel of her soft hands massaging his genital area. His cock continued to grow at her golden touch. His mind clouded over as the need to cum overcame him. Lacy’s hand now gripped him like a tight pussy pumping his cock. He erupted to the glee of Lacy.

“Ohh yea, Ben. I got your sweet tasting cock juice all over my face,” said Lacy licking away. She put some of his cum to his lips.

Ben was in ecstasy. Here he was lying in a coma and he could still cum. Lacy was happy too that she was able to bring her patient joy. After that every night if she could, Lacy would jack Ben off or suck him off. The first time she sucked him his usually low blood pressure spiked up a bit. Lacy used her mouth like a vacuum. She sucked and flicked the tip of his manmeat until his cum just burst out of him. Lacy slurped and licked it all up. 

One evening Lacy came in and told him she had a surprise for him. The hospital was showing a special movie that night and they were going to have more privacy than usual. Lacy massaged him as usual. The good care that he had been given over the pass four months showed in his body. The workouts and massages were keeping his muscles from atrophying. His cock muscles were certainly in good shape.

Lacy brought a porn tape to help get them both stimulated.

“Hey Ben, I brought something to get us both hot. I’ve locked the door so we can be alone without worrying about someone coming in. The video’s called, “The Young and The Wrestling.” It has some hot pussy eating scenes. There’s a black guy with this gigantic cock that just looks unreal. Ben, he eats pussy so good, I can come just watching him do it. I’m going to let my hair down. I have long red hair. I shaved my pussy because I want you to be able to feel it on your body,” said Lacy.

Ben felt the cool air as his bedding was pulled back and his top and pants removed. Lacy turned the heat up so Ben wouldn’t get to cold. She lay a sheet across his naked body.

“Ben, the black guy is eating this platinum blond’s pussy. He’s sitting in a chair. She’s upside down giving him a blow job and he’s eating her pussy so good......ohhh....I’m getting so wet. Now he’s fucking her. His cock must be ten inches and he’s stuffing all of it in her pink slit. He’s sliding it in and out and she’s purring like a kitten,” moaned Lacy excitedly in Ben’s ear.

“I’m naked now Ben. I’m going to rub myself all over your body,” said Lacy.

Lacy pulled the sheet off Ben then climbed on the bed with him. She squatted over his face, her pussy just a few inches from his mouth.

“I’m going to rub my pussy all over your face. I want you to smell my juices and think about this pussy that’s going to fuck your hard cock Ben,” said Lacy as she lowered her bald pussy onto Ben’s face. 

Lacy rubbed her sopping pussy all over Ben’s face. She ground it over his lips and nose, hoping that he would be able to smell her heat and feel her wetness. Ben’s pulse increased as his contained excitement grew. Lacy moved down to his chest rubbing her slit over each nipple. She bypassed her rock hard cock and went down to his feet. He felt his toes in her pussy as she humped them. Lacy was trying to get all the toes as far in her wet pussy as she could. Finally, she came back up and hovered over Ben’s throbbing cock. He was starting to feel pain from his need to cum.

“Here I come Ben. I want you to feel my tight pussy,” grimaced Lacy as she impaled Ben’s cock in one thrust. 

The feeling was exquisite just like Ben remembered. The silky tightness of her pussy held his cock like a vise. Up and down Lacy slammed down on his thick pole. She tweaked his nipples sending him further over the edge. Lacy was trying hard not to cum. The momentum was building and she couldn’t stop it. It started as a twitch deep in her pussy and kept building until it began to take over her body. Ben mind relaxed as he shot his load deep in Lacy’s pussy. Lacy’s climax rattled her body and froze her mind. She lay across Ben’s chest trying to catch her breath. Her pussy continued to hold and milk Ben’s softening cock. 

Benjamin was in a coma for three more months before waking up one day while his parents were visiting. The first thing he asked for was Lacy.