 She opened the door quietly and entered the room. She knew he wasn't really expecting her. Even though they had made arrangements to meet at the hotel while he was in town for business, at the last minute she had told him she felt strange meeting him when they had only ever talked online. He said he'd leave her name at the desk so she could pick up the spare card key, just in case she changed her mind. But she didn't think she would.

Talked online? She thought. What they did online might have started as talk, but it had grown into something more....love?? Maybe. Some might call it obsession. But whatever it was, their meetings online had became hot and sexy. The photos they exchanged and the words they typed to each other became as real to her as any other relationship she had been in. They knew each other so well. She knew just what to say to him to make him moan, and he knew the right words to make her wet and wanting.

In the end she couldn't resist coming. The thought of meeting him, of really touching him, was too tempting to resist. She had seen his photos....his dark hair and skin and his cheeky smile attracted her, as did the photos he had sent her of his beautiful cock. She knew he wanted her, and she wanted him as well. She was already wet at the thought of being close to him, of feeling his chest hair brush against her nipples, his cock inside her.



As she walked in to the room, she saw that he was at his laptop. She expected that. He was probably looking for her. She could see his reflection in the screen and he looked sad.

He hadn't heard her come in, hadn't seen her yet. She felt no awkwardness or hesitation. Once she decided to come, there was no turning back. This was him after all, so there was no reason to be nervous, because he already knew everything about her.

Quietly, she removed her blouse and skirt, leaving just the matching hot pink thong panties and low-cut bra, with her thigh-high stockings and suspender belt. The fabric was so transparent you could see her nipples and the stain of her pussy juices. She walked up softly behind him, wrapping her arms around his chest, one hand finding a nipple through his shirt.

"Hi babe," she whispered. "Sorry I'm late."

He didn't say anything, he looked over his shoulder, smiling when he saw her and reached to pull her toward him for a kiss. Standing, he deepened the kiss, his tongue mating with hers as they simply stood and held each other. Their kiss was just as she had imagined. She felt like she had come home.

He lifted his head, still smiling. " I'm glad you changed your mind" he said.

Taking her hand he led her slowly to the bed. Hungrily he kissed her again before pushing her down onto the bed and laying beside her.

"There's still time to back out babe" he whispered.

She reached over and cupped his cock through his jeans, gently squeezing.

"I guess that's a no, then," he laughed.

He let his hand trail over the naked skin of her stomach, up to her barely covered breasts. He pinched a nipple and leaned over to lick it through the cloth, taking it into his hot mouth and sucking. She moaned, her body rising from the bed, urging him closer. He reached and opened the clasp of her bra, his mouth finding her naked nipple and biting gently. She pushed him onto his back, straddling him. She could feel his hard cock between her thighs and she moaned. Reaching down she pulled his t-shirt up and over his head, her breasts rubbing on his chest hair as she leaned forward. Moaning again, she rubbed back and forth, her nipples hard as pebbles.

Desperate to be closer to her, he flipped her onto her back and settled between her thighs. His cock pressed hard against her wet pussy, but the fabric of his jeans kept them apart. Their kisses were heated now, their hands exploring each others bodies, his fingers pinching her nipples, her hands on his butt holding him to her, grinding up against him. He rolled away and began to remove his pants, and she sat and watched. Her pussy grew even wetter as he revealed his boxer shorts and then his beautiful cock.

He wanted to be inside her now, but she had other ideas. She took his cock in her hand and stroked him, smiling as he grew harder. She urged him to lie down and she knelt beside him, a shy look on her face. Keeping eye contact with him, she leaned forward and licked the head of his cock. His hips jerked from the bed, wanting more, but she was in control now. She stroked his cock while her tongue licked down the length of it, sucking one of his balls into her mouth. He was harder now and a tiny drop glistened on the head of his cock.

He smiled at her, his body shaking from need. He knew she loved that little drop and he waited for her to taste it. She returned his smile and slowly licked his cock, her tongue circling the head, she licked her lips and then she took all of him into her mouth. His hips jerked as she sucked him into her, her mouth hot and wet. He was moaning now, wanting to cum, but she held him back. She wanted him inside her when he came this first time.

"My turn," he whispered to her as he pulled away.

He rolled her onto her back and took his place above her. He kissed her, tasting himself on her lips, then moved down her body, tasting her breasts, her hard nipples begging for his touch. His mouth skimmed her stomach, his tongue finding her bellybutton and lingering. Moving down he settled between her thighs. He smiled up at her. Her pussy was still covered by the thin layer of fabric, but he put his mouth to it and sucked, tasting her juices and feeling her heat. Her hands tangled in his hair as he sucked at her. She moaned, her hips rising from the bed.

Impatient to really taste her, he tore the thin strip of cloth from her and parted her pussy lips with his fingers. His tongue flicked out to tease her clit and taste her juices. He eased one finger into her, then another, all the while his tongue was busy licking at her. His mouth settled on her, sucking her clit onto his heat. She came hard, her pussy clenching on his fingers as they stroked inside her.

He moved up her body, his mouth glistening with her juices, and kissed her deeply. She tasted herself on his lips and smiled. His cock was hard against her belly and she wanted him inside her.

"Now," she moaned. "Fuck me now."

He moved above her and entered her slowly. Too slowly, she thought, she wanted him hard and fast. She lifted her hips and he surged into her. She almost screamed at the sensation of having him inside her, after all the months of wanting and fantasizing. He moved, slowly at first, but then faster and harder, pounding into her. She wrapped her legs around his hips and closed her eyes, moving with him, her lips on his neck, her mouth biting his shoulder.

The sweat poured from them as they moved together. He pounded into her over and over, harder and faster until they were both gasping for air. Then he stopped, forcing her to look at him.

"Cum with me babe" he moaned.

Finally, looking into her eyes he moved again, plunging into her over and over until he came, his hips jerking as he spurted into her, his shout and the look on his face pushing her over the edge as she came again, her pussy milking his cock. Still looking into her eyes, he leaned down and gently kissed her lips.

He let his weight fall onto her as she wrapped him in her arms. Together they rested, getting their breath back. He rolled to the side laying next to her, stroking her face and her hair. Her hand rested on his heart, feeling it's rapid beat.

"Aren't you glad you came?" he asked.

"I am" she replied, "and I intend to cum again."