 "Thanks to LadyVer for her editing assistance." 

*

When I graduated from high school I stayed in town, but I didn't sit at home all day scratching my ass. Since the age of fourteen, I had been working to save up for the college I wouldn't attend. Starting with pushing carts at the local Super-Mart, by twenty, I had become the front-end supervisor. I figured by twenty-two, I could either graduate with a degree and no job, or I could work, save, and earn an assistant manager's salary. My name is Curtis Wilson. I was born and raised in Indiana, and I have nothing against going to college—I always figured that I would go eventually.

On the other hand my older brother Kevin went off to college, on time and on track, three years before I graduated from high school. Mom and Dad were quite proud, as was I, although Kevin hadn't saved up for college like I had. Mom and Dad couldn't afford to pay Kevin's tuition when his football scholarship fell through, so I jumped at the chance to help my big bro. I was fifteen and I looked up to him. That was ten grand that I would regret parting with.

Kevin's longtime hottie of a girlfriend, Nicole, also chipped in with five grand to further his education. I guess Kevin figured out how to pay the rest of his tuition with the loans he qualified for, because he left for college. Funny thing is I only heard from him when he wanted something. For someone who attended a college only two hours from home, Mom, Dad, Nicole, and I rarely ever saw him.

I was nineteen when Nicole drove up to see Kevin to surprise the future marketing grad for his twenty-second birthday. However, she was the one who got the surprise! She caught Bridget, her best friend, fucking him instead of keeping an eye on him as she'd promised.

Nicole and I had become closer than I had realized. Nineteen-year-old me was her first call, even though it was my brother who had cheated on her. I was over at her apartment, waiting, by the time she arrived back in town, angered and teary eyed. I held Nicole on her couch for hours with her head on my shoulder as she explained everything—how she found Kevin's apartment unlocked and Bridget in Kevin's bedroom sucking his cock.

I hated that I found myself imagining Bridget, a former cheerleader, in that position. "He blamed it all on me. Said I wasn't there for him. He broke up with me before I could figure out what had happened," Nicole explained in tears.

I wish I could have done more than just listen, but it didn't seem to matter that I had nothing to say. I just held her close and let her cry on my shoulder, which was difficult to do without actually getting hard. Nicole was, and is, a stunner. At five-nine she has a fit, shapely body, amplified by her beautiful soft face.

I tried not to get distracted by her plump pink lips or what was behind them, and I'm not talking about her perfect pearly whites or a tongue stud that made your imagination wander. I don't know how, but I found myself hanging out with her more and more. She was becoming my best friend.

Nicole worked at the Pit-Stop, a bar and restaurant on Main Street. She turned a blind eye to my being only twenty, as she had when I was nineteen. She would always bring me my favorite beer as soon as I stepped inside.

I was sitting with one of my friends, Danny, who was home from college for the weekend. We were sitting in the Pit-Stop and having a cold one when he started up. "You fuck her yet?" Danny asked.

"What?" I questioned.

"Have you fucked Nicole yet?"

"She's my friend!" I defended.

"So?"

"Like I said, she's my friend."

"Do you see the way she acts around you?"

"That doesn't mean anything."

Danny took a swig of his Miller's Genuine Draft. "Either I'm an idiot or she wants you real bad."

"You're not going to Notre Dame, so..." I quipped smartly.

"Neither are you, smart-ass."

"Touché," I exclaimed, looking at Nicole in her tight ass-grabbing blue jeans and red shirt that had 'Pit-Stop' scattered over her firm pert breasts. Just before taking an order at the table opposite where Danny and I sat, Nicole turned to me with her short black hair waving in suspended animation and smiled, showcasing her pearly whites and inadvertently her tongue stud. My cock hardened as I smiled back at her.

"Have you tried asking her out?" Danny pressed like a dog with a tasty bone.

"She used to date my brother, plus she's three years older than me...we're just friends!"

"Stop being a pussy."

Danny and I drank a bit too much so Nicole ended up driving us both home at the end of her shift. As I exited her Jetta, she waved at me and I returned it like a drunken fool as she pulled out of my parents' driveway. In my drunken haze, I stumbled into the house, and I realized there was no reason for me to still be living there—it was like an epiphany. I had enough money. Living with my parents was no longer justifiable, and I needed to move out.

At work the following Monday just before lunch, Nicole came up behind me, surprising the hell out of me. I punched out for my lunch break and we walked across the street to Subway.

"I'm moving out of my parents' place."

She had a pleasant, hopeful smile on her face. "That's good, when did you decide that?" I shrugged.

"Did Danny influence this?"

"No, I just figured it was time, you know."

"Yeah, I understand. Is this something you say but never do?"

I laughed. "No, I want to be out within two weeks, most likely sooner."

"Jesus, you're serious. Well, you can move in with me if you'd like. I have a spare room and the split in rent would be awesome."

I felt a noose tightening around my neck. "I should at least look around first," I responded defensively.

"If you don't want to be roommates, just say so. I'm not going to get pissed over it."

"What? I never said that."

"You pretty much did."

"I don't know that I want to live with anyone, is all. No offence to you, Nicole."

The rest of the lunch was awkward. I didn't see Nicole again until the end of the week, although we still texted like usual. I apologized to Nicole a few days later; I still don't know what for though. Still, I apologized anyway as that's the adult thing to do. That Friday night she invited me to a house party in the suburban area of town.

Wanting to be early, I waited in my Subaru Legacy outside her apartment for twenty minutes and ensured her favorite song was playing when she entered the car. I held her door for her, her facial expression brightening upon seeing my signs of interest. I knew that if I was going to make a move, it would have to be at the party tonight.

By the time we arrived at the party, police cars had lined the street and the neighborhood was well trashed with teenagers spewing vomit on the curbside. Parking at the corner, we watched her friends get arrested. Nicole tried to get a new location for the party by texting, but couldn't get any confirmation. The night seemed dead. I had escaped the night's duty, but my heart still buzzed.

"We could head to a bar," Nicole said.

All I could do was look at her beautiful face. "I didn't tell you how hot you looked when I picked you up. I thought it, but I didn't say it. I should have." Through the streetlight I could see her cheeks brighten.

"Thanks," she laughed.

"Sorry."

"No, I really meant it...thanks for the compliment." 

I pulled my wits together, kissed her, and released my seatbelt as our lips locked. I pulled back after a few seconds to gauge her reaction. The car was silent except for the sounds of our breathing as rebel rousers were arrested around us. Flashing lights lit up the front seats and she asked, "Why'd you stop?"

As you can imagine my nervousness receded greatly. For the next ten minutes my lips and busy fingers made up for months of lost time. Nicole's head rocked into my movements as our mouths smacked together, her tongue stud sending a surge of arousal through my body as my tongue glided along hers. You've probably figured out by now that I have a fetish for such piercings.

The next thing I knew I was driving to my house. We made our way into my parents' empty bedroom after I remembered them mentioning something about not being home.

I picked Nicole up and carried her to the bed, dropping her there. "Curtis, fuck me," she mouthed, her tongue in my mouth motioning excitement. I still couldn't believe my nose was rubbing up against hers. My fingers inched under her top to her toned flat stomach, then up to her bra-clad breasts. My cock was growing more rigid and impatient with every passing second.

Her body heated up under mine, with my underwear barely below my ass cheeks and her panty fabric pushed to one side. I eagerly saddled between her outstretched legs that were extended skyward. My painfully hard cock eased into her tight, trimmed pussy.

Fighting myself, I gained control over my rigidity and prevented myself from prematurely ejaculating in her blazing, wet vagina. Nicole pushed out her tongue and licked my lips with her tongue stud, causing me to unexpectedly lose control as my cock released deep inside her. Just then, we heard the sound of a car pulling into the driveway and made a beeline for my room before we were caught.

Nicole and I lay under my quilt laughing. "You really do need to get your own place."

"You're telling me," I said as footsteps passed my room.

I could feel her looking into my eyes. "You want me to suck your cock, don't you?"

"....Yes."

"Ask me then. Ask me to suck your cock. Say 'Nicole, suck my cock.'"

"Suck my cock, Nicole, please."

She slipped under the quilt and quickly had my cock in her mouth and hard as a bat, but she didn't dive down like I was used to. Instead, her mouth stayed at my cockhead, just going up and down enough to cover it. She rubbed her seductive tongue stud over my cockhead and her hands rubbed my balls and my length.

Her tongue and the shining metal ball had me thrashing about. Her focused technique had me popping in her mouth after five minutes. Still, I wasn't done in the darkness. Taking our remaining clothes off as our bodies meshed, we fucked each other until we fell asleep from fatigue.

In the morning, I awoke to Nicole sitting at the top of the bed, her naked back as beautiful as her front. Her lower back tattoo, a Chinese symbol surrounded by tribal lines, greeted me good morning. Standing up and turning around, Nicole displayed her perky B cups and her beautiful face with her petal-like lips.

I smiled at her and she smiled back. "I should go before your parents have an awkward morning."

"I swear I'll find a place soon."

"You assume this is going to happen again."

"Over and over again," I said confidently.

Nicole chuckled a bit and kissed me. Picking up my phone, I discovered a text message from my parents that said they had gone to visit Aunt Molly in Illinois for the weekend and that Kevin was coming home. Just then I heard a knock at my bedroom door. The door opened just in time for Nicole to cover herself.

Yup, it was Kevin. I was up on my feet—naked—and Kevin was in my room uninvited. "You're fucking my girlfriend behind my back, Curtis, you piece of shit."

I wasn't going to argue with him, not in my current state. "Get out, Kevin!"

His fist swiped at me, but I moved out of the way and pushed him into the hallway, slamming my door with him on the other side.

"Can you believe his bullshit? He dumped me! He needs to get over it because I am," Nicole declared.

I turned to Nicole who said, "Now what? He's going to be out there waiting." Sure enough, we started hearing bellows from the hallway. "You can kiss your money goodbye, you fuckers."

We both knew better—we were never going to get a cent back either way. As Nicole and I grew closer, the money mattered little. My brother, prior to his returning home, had gotten a job through a frat brother and had been working for a year in marketing at a bank in Indianapolis. Still, he didn't attempt to pay either of us back. Eventually, we wrote him off as insignificant.

Kevin's yells were soon outmatched by a different kind of yelling. He finally moved away from my door at the sound of Nicole screaming my name over and over again as my cock drove into her pussy from behind. The sound of my flesh smacking into her cheeks echoed through the room as sweat dripped into my eyes and blurred the most beautiful sight I'd ever seen.

An hour later we dressed and headed downstairs to eat. Kevin was long gone, but we found the shattered vases and mirrors he had left in his wake.

In a discussion with my mom I found out that Kevin was home for the long haul—he'd lost his big city job for an undisclosed reason. That night I slept on top of Nicole at her place. A few days later I signed a lease for a furnished apartment around the corner from hers, even though I was constantly at her place.

When I did run into my brother he gave me the silent treatment. Besides that, he was in a shit mood because Mom and Dad were getting pissed at his lack of trying to find employment.

One Saturday night a few weeks later—already having been declared a couple by this time—Nicole and I were at a house party. I was chatting up an old bud when Kevin, wasted out of his mind, showed up and made a pass at Nicole. She ended that by driving her fist into his eye. Kevin got the message and backed off.

It took him a while but a year later he had a teller job at First Central Bank, and, although we didn't push him, he slowly started paying Nicole and me back. I tried to refuse, but I suppose he had grown up with a year having passed. Super-Mart had me doing online college courses, which soon turned into free university classes. Super-Mart also had me on the fast track to management.

Nicole and I tore down a few barriers as we moved in together. Commitment and college had come to me all at once. Unlike Kevin, I wanted Nicole in Indianapolis with me. I hid nothing from her. She didn't come with me during my trips for classes, but we did go on separate occasions for clubbing and events.

One night in particular we walked into the Bankers Life Fieldhouse hand in hand to watch the Pacers verse the Knicks. I had a bulge in my pocket that was heavy on my mind. My hands were shaking so much Nicole thought I had bet on the game.

At halftime my nerves were on edge. I tried to divert myself with some overpriced beer. Now twenty-one, I felt like a man being able to buy my own beer. 

Nicole, recognizing two girls she knew from the cheerleading squad, went down to chat in-between performances. I tried my best to stop her. She wasn't in her seat when my announcement was broadcast across the jumbo screen.

I remained confident as she looked up at me from below. I began to buckle though until I saw her break out in a glowing rainbow of a smile. She now bolted up the stairs, jumping on me and wrapping her legs around my waist. I held out the ring box, she didn't give the diamond a look until she let out "yes." Just like that, I was engaged. Things were going to change dramatically for me and fast. I was sure of it!

I'll keep in touch as life evolves.

-Thanks

Curtis Wilson

District Manager -Super-Mart

122 Monument Circle Indianapolis, IN