 Allie and Jack entered The Yolkery, the city's trendiest breakfast stop, to find the usual throngs of hip young couples waiting in long lines for their egg white omelets and fruit platters.

"Aww, honey, the line is so long again!" Allie whined to her fiancé putting a big pout on her luscious red lips.

"Well, we could go someplace else. I'm starving," Jack replied, more than a little annoyed. 

"No, this place is the best. I just can't believe how many people there are."

"Well, maybe if you hadn't taken forty-five minutes getting ready this morning, we might have beat the rush," he snapped.

Allie, batted her long eyelashes, flashing her baby blues and cooed, "You like the way I look, though, don't you baby?"

Jack had to admit he did. Allie was way out of his league. He wasn't a schlub or anything, be she was model material. Her platinum blonde hair billowed almost all the way down to her tight heart-shaped ass, clad only in a pair of short nylon running shorts, which topped off a pair of carefully tanned legs that wouldn't quit. But her crowning glory were her gorgeous breasts, 36Cs covered only in a thin cotton bra and an even thinner tank top that left little to the imagination.

"Yeah, babe, you do manage a pretty hot breakfast look," he smirked.

"You're too sweet, Jackie. Can you go put us on the list and find out how long the wait is?"

As Jack made his way to the front of the line to inquire about the wait, it became apparent that he wasn't the only one who was pleased with his fiancée's sexy look. At a patio table adjacent to the line of waiting customers, Brad Strong sat drinking his morning coffee and sizing up the young woman. If Allie was model material, Brad was easily her male counterpart. Tall and lean with muscle, Brad was blessed with chiseled features, a strong furrowed brow and a movie star's square jaw. His hair was dark and perfectly coiffed, setting off his coal black eyes that stared through the souls of his many female conquests. Right now those eyes were staring at Allie, completely unaware yet so far of his presence while checking the messages on her cell phone.

Jack returned from the counter just as Allie was putting her phone away.

"It's going to be forty-five minutes to an hour, babe."

"Oh my God, that's crazy!" She stomped and pouted a little more.

"Do you want to try someplace else? I'm sure we can get into the diner down the street. They're pretty good," he offered.

"No way am I going to that grease trap again. We can wait. We can spend the time going over some of the wedding details," she smiled as Jack rolled his eyes. "The photographer just texted to make sure we could still meet with her this afternoon."

"Who?"

"Greta. She did Paul and Mary's wedding. Remember how beautiful those photos turned out?"

Jack winced, "Yeah, but she cost them and arm and a leg and we're already so deep into this thing."

Brad saw his opportunity. He dropped a few bills on the table and stood up to leave.

"Baaaaby, it's our wedding!" Allie cried.

"I know, honey. I'm just saying. We're not getting any help with this. My parents have already offered to spring for the honeymoon, and everything else is coming out of my savings. We're going to be starting our new life together in a big hole. Maybe if your parents could-"

"You now my parents don't have any money, Jack!" She snapped. "You knew that when you met me and it didn't matter to you then."

"And it doesn't matter now, it's just..." he faltered.

"It's just our wedding, right? I guess we don't even need pictures, huh?" She put forth sarcastically.

"Of course we need pictures. I wasn't saying that. Maybe we could just shop around a bit. Find someone with a more reasonable rate."

That was when Allie's gaze fell on Brad exiting the front of the restaurant. Like so many before she was drawn in from the instant she met his eyes and took in his perfect smile. He strode confidently up to the young couple and presented himself.

"Excuse me, my name is Brad Strong. I was just sitting at that table right there finishing my coffee and I couldn't help but overhear your predicament."

Jack sized up this intimidating male presence and immediately decided Brad was bad news. "Yeah, so what?"

Allie chimed in, "Oh baby, don't be rude!" She turned to Brad smiling her winningest smile. "I'm so sorry about my little Jackie, Brad. He gets so ornery when he's hungry and there's an awful long wait for breakfast the morning."

"Did my fiancée just call me little?" thought Jack.

"I totally understand. This place can get the best of anyone," his smile matching hers with ease.

"Anyway, Brad, this is Jack and I'm Allie."

Brad offered his hand to Jack who accepted it grudgingly and offered, "Yeah, sorry, we've just got a lot going on."

"Think nothing of it, Jack," said Brad as he turned his hand to Allie. She reached out her own hand to find it completely enclosed within Brad's almost freakishly large bear paw of a hand. Her heart fluttered.

"In fact," continued Brad, "I think I just might be able to help you. You see, I'm something of a photographer."

"A wedding photographer?" exclaimed Allie, all too excitedly for Jack's liking.

"Well, not exactly. I've done lots of different kinds of photography and managed to make something of a living at it, but I've just started to turn to event photography like weddings and graduations. I've only done a handful, but my customers have been quite pleased so far."

"So what kind of rate are we talking here?" Jack asked skeptically?

Nonplussed by Jack's sour demeanor, Brad replied, "Well, that's where I thought we could help each other out. See, I'm not really experienced enough to start charging outrageous rates. Really, I'm about building my portfolio. You two are such a handsome couple that I know shooting you could only boost my credibility. If you'd give me the chance, I'd be happy to do the whole day for the price of film and a meal. And a slice of cake of course." He winked at Allie and she laughed wholeheartedly at his quip, which wasn't lost on her fiancé.

Now Jack really didn't like this customer one bit, but he had to admit a deal like that was worth looking into. "Well, I have to admit, Brad, that that is an interesting offer. Why don't you give me your number and we'll call you to schedule an appointment to look at your work?"

"Oh, there's no need for that. My portfolio is in my car just a couple of blocks away. Why don't you come and take a look right now? Looks like you've got a little time to kill."

"Well, I really don't want to lose our spot here," said Allie. "Couldn't we meet with you this afternoon?"

"I'm sorry, but this afternoon is really backed up for me, and I'll be leaving town to shoot a friend's fortieth birthday down in San Diego tomorrow morning. I'll be gone for a week. Say Jack, why don't you come down and take a look at the pictures while Allie holds your spot. It should only take ten to fifteen minutes and then if you like what you see, we can hammer out the financials on the spot." Brad offered up knowing full well no bride would ever let the groom pick the photographer.

Allie chimed in, "That's a great idea, but there's no way I'm letting him pick our wedding photographer. I'll go with you."

"I don't know," said Jack. "Maybe we could just wait until you get back." 

"Fine by me, let me give you my card." Brad reached for his wallet.

"Wait!" cried Allie. Turning to Jack, "Can I speak to you for a minute?"

"Yeah, you guys take a minute," interjected the unflappable Brad, and he stepped just out of earshot.

"I don't know if I trust this guy, babe." Now Jack was the one whining.

Allie chuckled, "Oh, come on. It's the middle of the day in a busy neighborhood. What's going to happen? Or do you think I'm just going to fuck some stranger in his car? For Christ's sake, we're getting married. My days of fucking strangers are over, buddy." She smiled.

"That's not funny."

"It's pretty funny, baby. Huh?" She nuzzled his neck pecking at him with little ticklish kisses until he caved in and began to giggle. "Now I'm going to go with the nice man to his car and look at pictures. Maybe he'll have candy.

"Ha ha. Okay, yeah. I don't know why I'm being this way. You go check it out. I trust you, babe."

"You better."

She turned and walked over to Brad. "Let's go, handsome stranger, before my beloved changes his mind!" And away they went.

"Did she just call him handsome?" thought Brad?

"I do a lot of yoga. Some cross fit, that sort of thing," said Allie as they approached Brad's car, parked just a couple of blocks away on a lonely side street.

"Well, that explains it. You're very well put together." Brad's car was actually a large black SUV with heavily tinted windows. As they approached it Allie couldn't help but notice that it resembled some sort of black ops CIA vehicle or something like that.

"You're in great shape too. What's your secret?" she asked.

"Oh, same kind of stuff. Cross fit. I also do a lot of one-on-one personal training. Doing different things with different people breaks up the monotony. I try to experience as many partners as I can." He winked again.

"Hmm." What did he mean by that?

When they reached the SUV, he opened the back door and motioned for her to enter. "Hop in, the portfolio's in back here."

She looked around and suddenly realized that the area they were in wasn't so busy after all. Her heart began to race again. "Can't we look out here?"

"Sure. The light isn't great, though. The optimal place to look at the photos is in the vehicle," he reassured her. "But we can look them over out here if that makes you more comfortable."

"What is wrong with you?" she thought to herself, then said, "No, that's silly," and hopped in.

He closed the door and went around letting himself in the other side. Once they were situated within the ample confines of the SUV, Brad reached under the seat and withdrew two black portfolios. He checked the contents, handed her one and replaced the other.

Allie really hadn't known what to expect, but she was pleasantly surprised. Brad's work was some of the best she'd ever seen. The Bride and Groom were glowing. The wedding parties were given great care and every detail of the ceremonies and receptions were captured beautifully. There were color and black and white photos, many of both could easily grace the pages of bridal magazines. By the time she had finished perusing the portfolio she knew she wanted this man to photograph her.

"Oh Brad, this is amazing. You work is so lovely-no loving! The care you take is so apparent; I feel I've seen all I need to see. I want you to photograph me- I mean, our wedding." She giggled at her mix-up.

"That's fantastic, Allie! Let's get back to the restaurant and go over the particulars with Jack."

"Sounds good." But she just couldn't help herself. "Just one thing, though."

"What's that?"

"What's in the other portfolio?" she grinned.

Brad bared his teeth in Cheshire Cat grin of his own and said, "Oh, that's just some of my other work. I don't suppose you want to take a look?" He could feel his loins stirring. She was his. "It's a little racy."

"Ooh, racy? I'm a big girl; I think I can handle it."

He reached down and produced the second portfolio.

She opened it to find all sorts of photos of nude men and women done stylistically, many in black and white. "So this is what you were doing before weddings, eh?"

"No, landscapes mostly. This is more of a hobby. I find the human body to be impossibly complex, but I strive to capture those complexities never the less."

She could feel herself melting and knew she was in trouble. She needed to get out of this SUV and back to her fiancé, but she just kept turning the pages. She came upon a photo that showed what could only be described as the perfect male form in profile. Muscles slick and shining in the backlight. The face was too darkened to make out. But the most remarkable aspect of this photo was the enormous erect penis of the model. She had never seen one so big, and actually doubted it was even possible.

"You like that one?" Brad urged.

"That can't be real. It's a prosthetic, right?"

"Nope. That's the real deal right there." He could hardly contain himself.

"What, is the guy a porn star or something?" She pried.

"No. Actually, that one was difficult. I had to adjust all the settings without a sitting model and set the timer. It wasn't easy to affect the right pose while maintaining that...well, sense of urgency."

"That's you?!" She was incredulous, and began to feel a stirring of her own. "Time to get out of here!" Her inner voice screamed.

"In the flesh."

"Impossible."

"I'd be happy to prove it to you," his voice became more intense.

"I don't think that's a good idea."

"You want to see it. I know you do."

"Don't be arrogant. It's not attractive," she lied. "This was a mistake. I'm leaving."

She reached for the door. He grabbed her hand and placed it firmly on the rapidly expanding bulge in his jeans. And she knew she was lost.

Jack kept looking at his watch. It had been about ten minutes or so. The line hadn't moved at all, but he still wished Allie would get back. He started to worry. He thought about giving up the spot to go look for her, but he had no idea what kind of car Brad even drove. 

"This is silly, "he told himself. "She's a big girl and she can take care of herself. And she loves me." He pulled out his phone and began to check his messages. 

Allie held in her tiny hand the longest and thickest piece of male equipment she had ever even dared to imagine. It was fat and veiny, with a menacing purple head and yet somehow it was the most beautiful thing she'd ever seen.

"You ever seen one like that," Brad teased, knowing full well that she hadn't.

"Your penis is so big," she murmured, with an almost child-like wonder.

Brad guffawed. "Your penis is so big," he mocked. "What are you? A science teacher?"

Even before he said it, she knew that to call a specimen like this a 'penis' was ridiculous. She looked up into his dark eyes and said, almost in a whisper, "Your cock is massive."

"That's more like it, slut." He palmed her head and bent it towards his huge pecker. "Why don't you take a closer look now?"

She opened her mouth as wide as she could and still it stretched her to the limit when the angry head of his dick slid into her beautiful face.

She worked his organ timidly; afraid to take much more than the bell end into her mouth, but Brad knew she only needed encouragement. He pushed down hard on the back of her head until three or four inches of his meat pushed towards her throat. From this angle this was probably the best he was going to do, so he began to bounce her head up and down on his cock like a basketball. 

"Yeah, you cheating whore, eat that cock! Stroke the shaft, bitch!"

Her tiny hand began to stroke the vast majority of cock she couldn't get into her throat. She murmured around his thick member, imploring of his satisfaction.

"That's good, tramp, but why am I doing all the work? Fuck your face down onto my cock! You've got to earn this pussy pleaser!"

She couldn't believe how cruel and vulgar the words coming out of his mouth were, but perhaps more surprising was how hot this rough treatment made her. As she began to force her face down onto this monster dick she felt her pussy begin to gush. As if sensing her turmoil, Brad reached his massive hand to her warm, quivering mound.

Jack was really starting to worry. "How long does it take to look at some pictures?" He decided to text Allie.

"Everything okay? Table's almost up."

Allie didn't hear her phone buzz. It was in her pocket, which was on the floor. Along with her panties. And she didn't care about getting a meal anymore, as the gargantuan beef stick hammering its way into her mouth was more meal than she could handle.

As Brad's expert digital manipulation of her pussy brought her to her first orgasm, she thought to herself how strange it was that the finger in her snatch was about the size of her husband's penis, while the cock in her mouth put that sad sack to shame. 

She continued to jack his dick up and down only to finally reach down and be amazed once again by the size of Brad's testicles. Each one as big as the largest pair she'd ever previously encountered.

"Oh, yeah, slutty little fiancée found something else she wants to play with, did she?" Allie moaned affirmatively around the fat dick in her mouth.

Brad removed her gorgeous face from his prick and leaned back against the door of the SUV with his mammoth pole lying up on his stomach to offer access to his ball sack.

"Get down here and eat theses nuts!" She dove in without hesitation.

Unable to get even one of his balls into her mouth she settled for going back and forth between them suckling for all she was worth, as if she could somehow withdraw his manly come directly from the source.

"If you're not going to do it right, the least you can do is get that tongue in my ass, whore!" 

He grabbed her head and shoved it lower, presenting his dirty asshole to her greedy mouth. She had never been used like this before and the effect was intoxicating. She came violently without even being touched.

After sending numerous texts with no response, Jack really began to worry. He knew he was being silly, but it just wasn't like his sweet Allie to leave him hanging like this. It had been nearly twenty minutes and still no sign of her.

He turned to the customer next to him and implored, "Would you mind holding my place here in line for five minutes? I really need to go check on my girlfriend?"

The mustachioed gentleman looked Jack up and down disapprovingly and said, "Sorry Pal, you snooze you lose."

"Thanks for nothing." He decided to give her five more minutes.

Brad roughly laid Allie on her back with her head up against the door and seat. "Take off your top. I've wanted to get at those tits all morning."

Allie quickly shed her tank top and reached behind her to unclasp her thin cotton bra. As soon as she unhooked it, Brad yanked it off to reveal the nicest pair of breasts he'd ever laid eyes on. "Oh man, your fiancé's a lucky man! Well, I guess not," he said as he began to kneed her perfect tit flesh in his massive hands. "Fuck, I can't believe they're real," he exclaimed as he leaned forward and mashed her tits together to begin sucking on both of her nipples at once. He devoured her massive beautiful breasts like a starving man and his moans of satisfaction were only rivaled by her own. 

Finally, after several minutes of licking and sucking on her amazing tits, Brad rose to his knees. "I think it's time to take this to the next level." While continuing to manipulate her nipples with his left hand he reached down with his right and laid his steel pipe of a cock on her tight, flat stomach. "Look at that, Allie slut."

She looked down to see his massive dick protruding up her body like an obscene snake ready to strike at her face. It extended well past her belly button, almost all the way to her tits, and she thought to herself that it's probably kill her if he jammed the entire thing up inside her like some kind of meat sword.

"I know what you're thinking," he said, "but you better bet that the whole thing is going in you. And you're going to fucking love it."

"Oooooh," was all she could manage, and he began to work his thick pole into her pretty pink clean shaven pussy.

It was slow going at first, as Brad worked the angry head past the lips of her hungry cunt, but she was so wet from already having had at least two orgasms that before long he had worked roughly the first half of his dick into her. "Fuck!" he exclaimed. "God damn you're tight! Fuck I knew you'd have a hot pussy, but so fucking tight! Do you and your fiancé even fuck?"
