 It was the voice that stopped Alice. Smooth, sultry, nothing like you'd expect from a street vendor.

"Interested in buying something for your husband?"

The woman stood on the street corner. A hood covered most of her face, but Alice could see her full, red lips fixed in a smile.

"How did you know I was married?" she said, rubbing her gloved hands together.

A puff of warm air escaped the woman's lips when she laughed. "Trust me. It's not hard to see things when you're really looking."

She held something in both hands. A black cuff-like thing, surrounded by gears and levers attached to it, grounded on a glass base.

"It's for male pleasure," she said, stroking it with slender fingers, "A special surprise for a husband who deserves it."

"A sex toy?" Without knowing why, Alice was drawn to reach out and touch it. The surface of the cuff was smooth and shiny as marble, yet somehow warm to the touch. She could imagine those gears moving and shifting in tandem, stroking up and down—

She shook her head, pressing her legs together to stop the ridiculous thoughts.

The woman laughed. Her voice was low, melodious.

"Much more than that. This machine produces the most amazing orgasms. Now what do you say?"

Alice took a deep breath.

...

"What the hell is that thing?" Robert said with a frown, peering down at the machine.

Alice clasped her hands together. "Well, I met this woman, and she...she sold this to me...this sex toy...and I thought you might like it..."

Her voice trailed off, but Robert wasn't really paying attention. His eyes had been drawn to the machine itself. Something about it just drew his gaze.

"Well, no damage done," he said, reaching out to stroke the smooth gears. "Let's give it a run, see what it does."

The sheepish look on Alice's face disappeared. She smiled slyly.

"Yeah! I think you have to put your dick here...but we need to get it hard first."

She moved closer, her hands stroking his crotch, tugging at his fly. That little smile of hers alone had made him stiffen already.

"Sounds good," he murmured. 

She unzipped his pants, reaching inside to close her warm hands around his cock. With that she dropped to her knees, beginning to stroke it with the tip of her tongue, then pulled his full length into her mouth.

Robert groaned. Somehow she seemed even more enthusiastic than usual. Was she that excited to get him to try this toy?

Alice's eyes widened when Robert's cock stiffened and began to twitch. She pulled back.

"Seems like you're hard already," she said, "Now let's give it a go!"

Standing up, she guided his cock into the black cuff and flipped the switch on the machine.

With a shudder the machine came to life, the gears turning and clicking. The cuff wrapped perfectly around Robert's shaft, moving up and down in a stroking motion.

Robert groaned. The shiny cuff has closed around his cock with just enough pressure to make him more rigid. Its insides felt smooth, but also tender, even softer than Alice's hands and mouth. 

He glanced over at his wife, who was leaning against the wall, her fingers running over her stiff nipples, another hand stroking her pussy. Juices dripped down her leg.

It felt like the machine was milking him, pumping his cock harder and harder, until—

He pulled away violently right before he could cum. Precum dripped from his cock, dribbling on the ground. 

"What's wrong?" asked Alice, moving closer to rub against his cock.

"It was...so intense. But I didn't want to cum yet. I...wonder..."

He grabbed Alice's waist, guiding her onto the table so that she sat in the middle of it, her legs splayed open in the direction of the machine. Her pussy was already dripping wet, a puffy pink color from arousal.

Pushing his cock into the machine, he pulled her closer until the machine wasn't just stroking his cock up and down, but thrusting him into her pussy.

Alice moaned, her back arching on the table. Her hands clutched at the table, clenching.

It felt better than even before. The machine gripped at Robert, closing around him, now slippery with his wife's pussy juices. The cuff seemed to expand as his cock swelled with arousal. It was beyond anything Robert had ever felt before—as deft and soft as a woman's hand stroking him to orgasm, but also tight and wet as a pussy clenching around him. Although it was the same back and forth motion, each stroke felt like it was stimulating a different part of his shaft, attacking it with that soft, warm texture.

"It's so hard," Alice gasped, lurching forward and grasping at his back. "I-it's stiff, and hot, and..."

Her words cut off in a long moan as the machine began to pump harder and harder, pressing Robert deeper inside of Alice than he had ever been. Every inch of his cock was being squeezed at once by the gears of the machine and the muscles inside of her wife that gripped at him, twitching with the sheer pleasure. It felt like his wife was opening up to him like never before, her body trembling hard, her pussy both expanding to let him thrust deeper but also closing around the sensitive head like she never wanted him to pull out.

As he felt the pleasure mount inside of him he leaned forward to suck on her nipples. Another wave of shudders ran through her, and her eyes widened.

"Robert, I'm—"

Her body reached that point before her lips could. Her pussy began to convulse violently, squeezing Robert's dick and the grip of the cuff even tighter than before until he felt his hips bucking as well, hot cum spurting from the tip of his cock deep inside of Alice.

He pulled out with a gasp, doubling over to pant at the intensity. His cock was still twitching, cum shooting out one bit after another, thick and white. With each successive spurt he felt his body spasm in pleasure, until he slumped onto the ground, his head spinning, dizzy with all the sensation that had concentrated into his cock.

Alice had fallen onto the table, her legs splayed wide open, cum still dripping from her, mixed with the wetness of her pussy. Tremors still ran through her legs, and her pussy twitched as well, the pink clit swollen more than he had ever seen.

Despite the huge mess they'd made, the machine seemed to rest there just as shiny as before. The cuff came to a standstill as the gears slowed down, glistening with its usual black sheen.

It was a while before Robert's racing mind could calm, and before he could speak again.

"I think you made a good purchase, Alice."

Alice chuckled. Standing up, Robert leaned over the machine and kissed his wife.