 We've been at a party for an hour or two... I can not keep my eyes off of you. 

At home you showed me your new skirt and shirt that you were going to wear out tonight. My jaw hit the floor when I saw you walk of the room with your high heels on and the low plunging neckline of your shirt. Your breast were presented beautifully with your favorite necklace nestled just above your cleavage. I walked up to you and put my arm around you with my hand resting on the small of your back.. you tilted hips forward just a bit and looked up at me.

The scent of your perfume grew stronger as I leaned down to kiss the your neck under your ear as I whispered, "wow, you look hot".

My hand slid down to your ass and you smacked it away with a smile saying, "not now, come on, we're going to be late..."

At the party the music is playing and we are dancing together with friends. Arm up and drinks in hand the mood in the air is electrifying. You look back at me with a smile and we clink our glasses together before drinking more of the freely flowing champagne. I reach out and pull you to me, wrapping my arms around you from behind to dance to the music with your body pressed against mine. 

The music, the lights, the energy, our bodies move together as one, my hands on your hips and your arms reaching back behind my head. The dance floor is getting crowded and I move my hands to your stomach. Leaning down again, I move your hair and kiss you again on your neck, you tilt your head to the side and my kisses run up and down your neck, before i lightly bite your ear. You place your hands on mine and begin to move your ass, grinding it against me to the beat of the music.

We are sweating, and I can feel myself getting excited. You feel my excitement and focus on it... driving me wild with desire... I spin you around and kiss your lips.. deep and wet, our open mouths letting our tongues wrestle...

You look up at me and biting your lip you say, "I want you to fuck me.." 

"Come on... " I say as I grab your hand and guide you off the dance floor. I am still hard as I lead you down the hall way to the bathroom. There is one person in front of us and as we wait, my hand finds your ass and I hike up your skirt from behind to rub my hand on the inside of your thigh. My hand just feeling a bit of the heat coming from your sex.

The toilet flushes and we push past the girl coming out of the bathroom, get in and close the door behind us. I push you against the door, my one hand instantly going under your skirt to rub your pussy. Your panties are soaking wet and I use my whole hand to rub you between your lips. My other hand reaches up under your shirt to take one of your amazing tits and I massage and let my thumb roll over your nipple. 

You let a moan escape your mouth as I lift your shirt above your tits and take your nipple in my mouth.

Your hand reaches for my belt, undoing it and you open my jeans before sliding you hand in my pants. You grasp my rock hard cock and you start to stroke it up and down. Your fingers are soon sticky with my precum as my pants and underwear fall to the ground around my ankles. 

I lift you onto the sink, pushing your skirt back up over your hips. You open your legs and pull me closer by holding my cock.... you let go to pull your panties aside just before I slam my cock into your waiting wet pussy. 

You gasp as my girth fills you and you wrap your arms around my shoulders as I start moving my hips and begin to fuck you. Each thrust is electrifying and we fuck like there is only tonight. 

You run your hands through my hair pulling me closer for a kiss and I can see your tits bouncing with every thrust I make. You lean back and rest your hands on the sink and start to whimper with pleasure... 

There is a knock on the door.

I pull myself out of you and turn you around, pushing you forward so your hands are resting on the closed toilet. I take my hand and put it between your ass cheeks to beginning rubbing your pussy from behind. . My fingers slip between your lips and spread them apart.. i can already feel you starting to shake.

Taking my cock that is covered in your wetness, I guide it into from behind. 

There is a banging on the door.

Grabbing your hips I fuck you doggy style, your legs spread slightly and your ass pushed up in the air. My god you feel amazing as I reach around to rub your sexy clit. Deeper and harder and faster, I pull you on my cock with furious thrust wanting to get as deep as I can possibly get.

Your legs start to shake, i fuck you harder, reaching forward to pull on your hair, pulling your head back , "Your so fucking hot" I say to you... "your pussy is so wet and you've got me so hard... " all you can do is moan as you cum.

You reach out to grab something and your hips start bucking as you cum.. your hand grabs the shower curtain and it comes ripping off the bar. I reach around and hod you up as I push my last thrusts into your throbbing pussy. .. now wetter with they juices from your orgasm.... 

I can't take it any more.

I pull out and turn your around, you sit on the the toilet seat and I stroke my cock over your face. You open your mouth and take the head of my cock in, sucking and slurping just before.... "are you going to be a dirty girl and take my cum in your mouth?" I say with my heart beating a mile a minute.

You look up at me with those eyes and just say, "Mmmm yeah..." as you lick the tip of my cock.

The door bangs even harder...

I pull out of your mouth and cum.... I clench my ass cheeks as ribbons of cum spurt out into your mouth and over your face... so much that some even passes your head to land on the wall behind you. I lean forward on the wall as I watch my seed spill all over you... I drop my hand and you reach up to coax the last of my cum from my dick into your mouth, licking and sucking.

I grab a towel from behind you and you wipe your face clean... i tuck myself back into my pants and you look at your wet panties before just throwing them away. We straighten ourselves out as much as we can and open the door..

"What the fuck..?" the next person in line says as we walk back to the party.