 Jared's phone vibrated. Without looking he knew the text was from her. He was excited before he read it. He gingerly removed the phone from his back pocket and read the message.

"I wish you were eating me out right now. I'd run my fingers through your hair as you tease me with your tongue."

The possible replies raced through his mind; he settled on:

"If I start, I won't stop until you beg me to."

He was about to put the phone away when he decided to add:

"Come over."

Lena was probably working, but he enjoyed teasing her back. The image of her legs spread before him, her back arching as his tongue darted around her clit, made the journey more enjoyable but he was going to have to do something with his frustrations when he got home.

He unlocked the front door, tossing his bag nearby, removed his shoes and made his way to his bedroom. Goosebumps came to the surface of his skin as he stripped down to his boxers and laid down, phone in hand. He wanted some inspiration before he got started.

As a sculptor, Jared remembered moments like they were photographs. For this, though, he wanted the images in front of him so he could focus on imagining the actions.

He began with a headshot that happened to show her cleavage, then scrolled to the photo she had sent him of her in bra and panties. His fingers tingled as he imagined touching her skin, running his hands over her curves, the feel of her tongue in his mouth, licking his way down her body. The next image popped up on his phone, her ass encased in sexy lace panties. It was his favorite of the photos, the first she had sent him. He began stroking his dick as he envisioned her laying on her stomach on his bed, naked except for her panties. He wanted to slip them down, rub his cock along the crack of her ass.

The phone vibrated, he had a message.

"I'm outside" it read.

"Oh fuck," he muttered to himself, hurriedly throwing his jeans and t-shirt back on, hoping his erection wouldn't be too obvious.

He opened the door to find Lena smiling, looking around as she waited. It was a warm day and from his vantage point on the doorstep he could see down her tank top. His dick stirred in his pants as he held the screen door for her to come in. He watched her ass sway as he followed her, then closed and locked the door slowly, giving himself a moment to calm down.

Jared assumed she was still in the foyer waiting for him but when he turned around she was gone.

"Hey, where'd you go?" He asked loudly, thinking she had made her way to the bathroom.

"I'm over here," she teased, her voice coming from the bedroom.

As he approached he saw she had closed the door a bit. The creak of the door opening barely covered his gasp of surprise at finding her naked on his bed, one hand on her clit, the other on her breast. He stopped, stared, his mouth ajar. Lena had never been so forward before.

"You know what I want," she entreated him, her hand slowly circling her clit.

"Ask and you shall receive," he muttered playfully. He quickly undid his pants and ripped off his shirt, leaving a trail of clothes to his bed in his excitement. The aroma of her wetness filled the room. He kneeled before her open legs, memorizing the expression on her face as she continued to caress herself, filing it away for another day.

A bolt of electricity shot up her spine as she watched him drink her in with his eyes, glad she stopped over, glad she'd bared herself. The new experience added to her excitement. If she wasn't careful, she could become addicted to the heart-racing adrenaline pumping through her.

He slowly lowered his body onto the bed, not wanting to disrupt her, savoring every curve and motion, but his desire to join in was too strong.

Jared placed his legs between hers; his eyes focused on Lena's eyes as he nudged her hand away and began to flick her clit with his tongue. Riveted, he watched as she brought her hand to her mouth and sucked her own juices from it. She was exceeding all his expectations. He moaned into her pussy, wanting to dive in, but needing to take his time and enjoy every second. Their time together was frequently rushed; this seemed like the perfect opportunity to slow down.

He toyed with her, flicking her clit, encircling it with his tongue, nibbling along her inner thigh. Her moans began slowly and increased with his attentions. The sounds tempted him, heightening his urgency. He separated her pussy lips and dove his tongue in, stiffening it and running it in circles inside of her, then pulling out and sucking on her clit. Her hips rose towards him and her breathing became more ragged. Listening to the music of her desire enticed him further. He placed one finger inside her, curving it, beckoning her to come as he felt the inside of her cunt.

Lena's legs spread wider with his attentions, as if she wanted to envelop all of him. He placed one hand on her thigh, trying to keep her still, while he added another finger to her pussy. The muscles in her leg tensed with the increased pressure. The sheets rubbed softly against his hardness, his hips humping against his bed as he began to maneuver his tongue more quickly. His fingers pumped vigorously against her. He looked up, letting his thumb take the place of his tongue and watched her with her eyes closed as she pinched her nipples, biting her lip. Her hips moved up and down, grinding against his hand. 

He returned his tongue to her clit as he came against the sheets. He wanted to feel her body clenching around his fingers so badly. He sucked her clit into her mouth, his tongue flicking against the nub as his fingers plunged into her. Her legs opened wider as she anticipated her orgasm, allowing him to continue his attack more forcefully. Suddenly, her thighs swung together, landing on either side of his head. Her back arched, as she uttered repeatedly, "oh my god, oh my god," her hips coming up to meet his hungry mouth. He continued finger fucking her as she writhed beneath him.

"Please, please," she began to whisper, unable to speak louder, "fuck me. I want to feel you inside me."

He kneeled between her legs and she saw he had already finished. She'd have to be proactive if she wanted to feel his dick inside her.

"Lay down," Lena ordered. He obeyed, turned on by her authoritative tone. She settled herself between Jared's legs, leaving most of her body out of his reach to tease him. Their eyes connected as she began stroking his limp dick, hoping to bring back the erection she longed for. She arched her back, ensuring he had a good view of her breasts and her ass in the air. As she licked up the length of his cock, tasting the cum that remained, she maintained eye contact. The look of arousal on his face encouraged her.

Slowly, she moved his dick from her lips, tracing a line down to her chest until she could enclose it. She pumped his cock between her breasts, feeling it twitch, before taking the tip back into her mouth. He inhaled sharply as he felt her tongue quickly circling the head of his dick. She smiled at him, then engulfed his cock with her mouth. She ran her nails along the inside of his thighs as he continued to harden. The erection felt like vindication; she continued to enjoy pleasing him. She cupped his balls in her hand, pulling them slightly away from his body as she sucked on the tip of his dick before taking it all back in her mouth.

When Lena looked up again she found Jared still watching her. She twirled her tongue around the head of his cock once more, holding his dick tight in her hand, then licked each of his balls in turn. She released him reluctantly. Crawling along the bed, she allowed her breasts to graze his body. The sensation of her nipples moving along his skin made her bite her lip. She stopped when she was in the perfect position to straddle him. 

The hunger within in her had increased as he watched her. She kissed him forcefully, tasting her juices and delving into his mouth with her tongue, then sucking his tongue into her mouth. She sat up and guided his dick into her pussy, smiled at him, then leaned forward to hold his hands down on the bed.

"Sometimes you can be such a tease," she whispered in his ear. "Just be prepared to follow through."

Her hips ground against him, gyrating in circles, as she looked down upon him. She let her hair fall around his face as she leaned in to kiss him again. The coarseness of his chest hair against her breasts invigorated her. She pulsed her hips back and forth quickly, before returning to her circular motion.

Lena let Jared's hands free. She leaned back, placing her hands on his thighs, allowing him access to her body. His hands roamed up her sides until they reached her breasts. He groped them, then pinched her nipples hard. Lena yelped in surprise, leaning forward, seeking out Jared's face. He smiled at her devilishly, wrapped an arm around her waist and flipped her onto her back.

"Who's the tease?" he asked. He took her ankles in his hands, placing one on each shoulder, before driving vigorously into her cunt. She looked up at him in amazement as he thrust into her. Her breasts swayed with each push. Lena moaned, watching him take control over her amplified the intensity of his actions.

"Touch your clit," he grunted as he began to grind his hips against her. Obliging, she pressed her clit as he lifted her hips slightly off the bed. She began caressing her breasts, feeling her body getting ready to let go.

Inexplicably, Jared removed his dick leaving Lena feeling cheated of her climax. The look of surprise on her face made him chuckle.

"Don't worry," he told her, "We're not done yet." He placed her legs to one side, motioning that she should flip over. The afternoon was taking a turn she hadn't expected. 

Without protest, she relented, presenting him with her ass in the air. He ran his hands over her voluptuous ass, his dick running along the crack. He envisioned her in lace panties, wanting to tear them off. He placed two fingers in her pussy, moistening them, then placed one at the entrance to her ass. Slowly he slid in his finger, Lena gasped, and he inched forward more. He reached his other hand beneath her to engage her clit.

Jared placed the head of his cock at her pussy lips as he slowly removed the finger from her ass. Lena groaned as his dick sunk back into her. He fucked her slowly, maintaining his manipulations on her clit, slowly stretching her ass with his finger. He concentrated on his actions, staving off his pleasure until he could get what he wanted. He tried ignoring her increasing moans, but their heightened volume made him want to fuck her hard into climax.

He added another finger to her ass. Lena yelled out in pleasure. He began focusing on that orifice, slowing down his rhythm. Once both his fingers were able to completely sink into her, he removed them and placed his dick, slick with her juices, at her anal opening. He pushed slowly into her, while encircling her clit with his fingers. He entered her further, taking his time, until he was enveloped, then slowly withdrew. He allowed himself to take in her moans, her guttural utterances that had grown increasingly louder. The pleasure he derived from her noises and responsiveness had his mind spinning with possibilities. He maintained his slower pace despite his desire, ensuring her body was growing accustomed to his intrusion. He ran his other hand up her back, then under her, groping her breast. She began pushing back against him, encouraging him to increase his speed.

With his arm across her chest, he forced her body back towards him, so that she was on her knees, her ass still impaled on his dick, his fingers exploring her clitoris. His pace quickened and he slipped a finger into her pussy. Between the scent of their juices, her moans, and the feel of her ass clenching his dick, Jared's senses felt overwhelmed. She was still wet with longing. He added a second finger, his thumb teasing her clit. His other hand roamed over her chest and onto her neck. She rested her head on his shoulder as she allowed him to take over her body. With a smooth motion he tilted her head until his mouth could reach hers. He thrust deeply into her, letting himself climax as his tongue delved into her mouth. His fingers continued probing her cunt, his thumb rubbed her clit, as his dick slipped from her ass, emptying itself on her cheeks. She groaned as she reached her release, her body folding forward onto the bed, taking him with her.

They lay entangled as their breathing calmed. A smile crossed her face as she looked back at him. "I should text you more often," she remarked, gently pressing her ass against him.