 "You're looking right at them! Do you realize that?"

Blossom had not realized it at all. She'd just been introduced to her new college roommate... and apparently, she hadn't been able to take her eyes off her new roommate's enormous tits.

"Oh, c'mon. Don't be embarrassed," laughed the big girl. "I'm used to it. I've had these things since I was ten."

"Ten?" marveled Blossom, the scrawnier girl. Blossom had a bright open face, with sandy hair and a few freckles. She probably would never be called pretty, but she might get away with cute. But she'd never developed the lush curves so many girls seem to get at puberty. Blossom wouldn't even qualify as small-breasted. She'd be called no-breasted.

That was why the sight of her sinfully overdeveloped roommate fascinated her so. This girl had curves in places other girls didn't even have places. She had gorgeously rounded hips, a defiant jutting ass, and two of the largest, most hard-nippled, and incredibly gravity-defying breasts Blossom had ever seen in her life. And at five feet, nine inches — practically fashion-model height, although Blossom had never seen a fashion model with hooters like these — this girl towered over tiny, barely-five-foot Blossom. The freshman was more than a little intimidated. This long-haired blonde was sexy by anyone's standards... but those huge breasts put her into a whole 'nother category of sensuality.

"There's just one thing I want to know," whispered the blonde. "Do you... like girls instead of boys?"

"Oh! No," said Blossom, blushing. "I mean, I like boys. But... boys don't seem to like me," she said, her eyes lowering to her flat chest.

"I can see that, sweetheart," said the blonde, not unkindly. "My name's Titania, and I can change things for you in that department."

"You can?" marveled Blossom, her eyes widening.

"Oh, yeah," she said. "And if we're going to room together, I think I should. I can make your titties grow. There's a secret. A secret formula, you might say. I just need some cooperation from you."

"I'd do anything, Tita ... Titan ... how do you say your name again?" asked Blossom.

Titania giggled, setting those mounds in motion. "It's Ti-tah-nyah. From Greek mythology, I guess. Or maybe Shakespeare. I'm not sure. My mother used to tell me that Titania was queen of the fairies." The big blonde started touching the slim girl's shoulders and arms... taking inventory, it seemed. "She hoped that the kids would end up calling me Tonya. Didn't happen that way."

"What do they call you?" asked Blossom, a little uncomfortable with the way her roommate was poking and prodding her body.

"Since these showed up," said the blonde, hoisting her treasures, "everyone but my mother and teachers has called me Titty."

"Titty!" said Blossom, unbelieving. "They do not! Do they?"

"Yep," said Titty, cupping what there was of Blossom's boobies. "And when I get through with you, they'll call you something like it, too!"

Blossom shook her head. She couldn't quite believe that one. "Tell me what I have to do," she asked.

"To learn about the secret formula? Anything I tell you to," said Titty. "Right now, get me a beer."

"Oh! Okay," said Blossom, walking over to the full-sized refrigerator Titania had in their room. "I thought you were only allowed one of those small fridges."

Titty reclined on her single bed and grabbed a magazine. "School administrators can be persuaded to bend the rules," she said, pulling at her hardening nipples.

Blossom looked down at the linoleum floor. "What's with the line painted on the floor in front of the fridge?"

"Oh! I had that put there," said Titty, smiling. "That's where I have to stand if I open the fridge myself. Any closer and I get clobbered in the titty!"

Blossom marveled at the distance. She opened the fridge and got her friend a can of Foster's Lager. The blonde held the cold can to her chest to watch her nipples harden through the T-shirt fabric.

"Thank you," she said to the freshman.

"You're welcome, Miss Titania," said Blossom shyly.

"We're going to get along just fine," said Titty, rubbing the can of beer all over the considerable surface area of her boobs. "I can tell." Titania's nipples flared most alarmingly, and her brow was covered with sweat. "Wipe me off, baby," she ordered.

Blossom scurried to get a tissue and dabbed her roommate's brow. "You catch on quick," smiled the big blonde. "You sure you've never done this before?"

"Never, Miss Titania," said Blossom. "But if you can really let me in on the secret to big boobies, why, I'll do anything you say."

Titania grinned. "Good, good," she clucked. There was a knock on the dorm room door. "Get that, little Blossom, will you?" said Titania — not as a request, but another order. The flatter girl ran to open the door.

"Uh — is Titty here?"

An overgrown young man with a brush haircut and wearing a football jersey stood before Blossom.

"Jack! Come in," cried Titania, rising from her bed. "Jack, this is my new roommate, Blossom. Blossom, this is Jack. One of my boyfriends."

"One?" said Jack, as he lumbered into the room.

"Oh, Jack, you know I've got too much titty for any one man," said Titania, playfully swinging her boobs back and forth, grazing his chest and stomach.

Jack reached for the hem of Titania's T-shirt. Titty chuckled... a sound at once low, throaty, and sensual. "Mmmmm... Blossom darling. Go get us some Chinese food, will you dear? And take your time." She had to take Jack's hands away from the shirt as Blossom slipped out of the room, embarrassed.

The minute Blossom closed the door behind her, Jack had Titty's shirt around her neck and was slobbering all over her lush boobs. "Nice girl, don't you think?" she asked, referring to little Blossom.

"Huh?" said Jack, momentarily letting a big nipple drop from his mouth. "Didn't notice. She didn't have no tits." He went back to putting her protuberances in a liplock.

"Too bad, isn't it?" sighed Titty. "We can do something about that, you and I..."

Jack didn't even hear. He began to nip at her nipples gently... then he opened his mouth wider, as if to take a bite.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Blossom walked to the Chinese takeout near campus. She was a little taken aback at what she had seen. Titty... can she really be called that? Titty certainly had the biggest chest and the healthiest attitude toward her sexuality Blossom had ever seen. Could Blossom herself really ever be like that? That's what her roommate seemed to have promised.

Blossom held the bag of boneless ribs and Peking ravioli away from her shirt, surveying her own chest as she walked back to the dorm. Oh, it was impossible, she thought. These little buds would never become the mighty mounds that the walking Dairy State she called her roommate had! How? The whole idea was absurd. Blossom wore a triple A cup bra. When a D or E is tripled, it means "really big". Conversely, a triple A meant "really small".

But Titania had mentioned a secret formula. Maybe it's some kind of chemical discovery, thought Blossom. Or something to do with hormones or genetics.

She peered at her lack of bosom once more. Whatever it is, it would be worth the trouble, she thought!

Happily, she skipped back to the residence hall, MSG and all.

She opened the door to her room to see her roommate still in bed, with her tremendous boobs hanging over the bedspread. She was tossing Jack's jeans at him and pointing him toward the door.

"Thanks, Jack!" she said, licking her fingers. "I got what I need from you for now. See you later!"

Jack struggled to get his still-hard cock back into his jeans. Blossom averted her eyes. "But Titty, all we did was — "

"Goodbye," said Titty, turning over and pulling the covers closer to her scrumptious body.

"But — the food's here!" said Jack, with disappointment in his voice. Blossom hid her face.

Titania sat up straight, uncovering her bouncing tits once again. "Oh, all right, one more taste," she said with amusement. "Little Blossom — offer my titties to our guest once more."

"Me?" she squeaked as she set the takeout containers on the desk. "Um...okay." Blossom walked to the bed and crawled behind her imposing roommate.

"Right, reach around," encouraged the big blonde. Blossom cupped them from beneath and lifted. She was stunned at the sheer weight of Titty's bosom. "Now, be polite to our guest," cooed Titania.

"Have another lick of Titty's nipples," said Blossom. "Grab a feel!"

Jack grunted in amusement and horniness. He licked each nipple and grabbed a firm feel of each boob with his strong hands. Involuntarily, he waved his crotch around, humping into the air. He was turned on.

"Save it 'til next time," said Titania. "Goodbye!"

Jack slipped his football jersey back on and slunk out the door.

"Good job, little Blossom," whispered Titty. "I think you know exactly what I expect. I'm proud of you. You sure you don't want a little taste yourself?" she asked, holding her boobs up. The blonde reached out her tongue and poked at her own nipple as she spoke.

"No," said Blossom, pushing herself off her roommate's bed and standing in front of her again. "But can you share some of the secret yet? I'm keeping my part of the bargain."

"Oh! The secret. Of course," said the blonde, stepping out of bed and slipping into a pair of red pumps. The sight of her full-length naked body made Blossom gasp. "It's in the fridge," she said, her prizes bouncing with every step. "Must mind the line!" said Titty, pointing at the line painted on the floor. She placed herself in safe territory in front of the refrigerator and opened the door. "Right here," she purred, pulling out a Tupperware container.

"What's that?" asked Blossom.

"The formula," said Titty, breathlessly. "Take off your shirt. And your bra, if you have one on."

Blossom shucked off her blouse and undid her puny bra. She wondered if her powerful roommate would make a scornful comment about the insignificant size of her foundation garment. Blossom avoided Titty's gaze. "Don't be embarrassed, baby. We all have to start somewhere," laughed Titty as she removed the top from the container. "Sit up straight."

Blossom stiffened and looked her roommate in the eye. "It won't hurt, will it?"

"Not at all," reassured the big blonde. "Here — hold still." Titania scooped some kind of sticky cold cream into her hand and began spreading it all over Blossom's cute little nipples.

"Oooh! It's freezing," shivered Blossom.

"Oh, well, it's only hot when it comes out of the — that is to say, the minute it — I mean — it's only hot when it's really fresh," said Titania.

"Really?" said Blossom, puzzled. "And it gets cold right away?"

"Yes, it does," said Titty, thinking about it for the first time as she spread the goo all over her roomie's chest.

Blossom scrunched up her face as she thought it over. "What is it?" asked Blossom, reasonably.

"Which syllable didn't you understand?" teased Titty. "'Se' or 'cret'? It's a secret formula, silly!" she said, rubbing it into Blossom's surprisingly prominent nipples.

"It does feel nice, Miss Titania," agreed Blossom. "Kind of a funny smell, though."

"I knew you'd love it," chuckled Titty as she swirled the substance all over Blossom's chest. "And you get used to the smell. There! Your first application. Let 'em dry, and we'll get you some more just as soon as we can." Titania walked to her closet to get some shorts and a top, bending over and shoving her rounded ass into her roommate's face.

"Where are you going?" Blossom wanted to know.

"I'm going to see Kevin," said Titty, forcing her boobs into a too-small sleeveless T. "He's on the basketball team. Sweetie, if you ever find yourself talking to a man who wears a size 22 shoe, get him into bed, will you? I promise — and I speak from experience — everything else will be proportional. See ya later!" Titania wiggled away.

Blossom lay down on her bed, staring at her chest. Could this secret formula work? And if it did — how soon?

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The next morning, Blossom dragged herself out of her bed. She hadn't slept well. It wasn't going to be easy, sharing a bedroom with Titania. For one thing, as an only child, Blossom had never shared a room. For another, there was a certain noise factor when your roommate regards masturbation as an involuntary reflex.

"'Morning, my little Blossom!" called Titania from her bed.

"Mmm. 'Morning," mumbled the freshman.

"What's the matter? Didn't get any sleep?" asked Titty, already letting her fingers dance between her legs.

"Who were you fucking last night, in your dreams? An Army regimen?" said Blossom in a sleep-deprived fog. She started pulling on a powder blue T-shirt.

"Oh! That," giggled Titania. "I dream vividly. You're going to have to get used to that," she said, her breath now coming in short gasps. Blossom recognized the sounds from the night before. Her roommate would be having her first orgasm of the day any moment.

Blossom stopped and looked down. "Hey. Hey, hey, Titty. I mean, Miss Titania," she said.

"Mmm?" responded Titty, unable to form words for the time being.

"Look. Look at my chest!" Blossom gestured in excitement. Where there had been nothing, there now were two modest swells. Nothing much, but compared to the night before...! Blossom could hardly contain her joy.

"It's starting!" said Titty. "Hurry, go to the fridge and get out the container again. I — uh — had it refilled last night."

Blossom obeyed, and handed the Tupperware to her roommate just as Titania exploded in a noisy climax. Titania reached for it with the same hand that had just been stimulating her private areas. Blossom's eyes widened at the moistness and scent of her roommate's intimate juices.

"Here," said Titty, sitting up and thrusting forward her immense chest. "Take that shirt off. Quick!"

Blossom did, and writhed as her roommate covered those two new nubs with the chilling cream.

"In just a few days, baby, you're going to turn some tit-men's heads!" said Titania. Blossom nodded dumbly. She was starting to believe it.

Titania rubbed and rubbed until Blossom's buds absorbed all of the cold sticky cream. "Now! Get dressed, and get a handful of towels. I need you to follow me to class," she ordered as she stepped into a short skirt.

"Yes, ma'am," said Blossom, happily. "But what for?"

"I'm planning to be very horny today," explained Titania as she chose a tight top. "Showing off my sexy ass and bouncing tits to every man on campus. So what I need you for is this. Every now and then I'm going to lift my skirt and have you mop me up down there." Titty flashed her dripping pussy by way of demonstration. "Ready?"

"Ready! Oh, thank you, Miss Titania," gushed Blossom.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Goddamit, Titty!" cried the bulky athlete. "I'm ready to come!"

"Jesus, Jack, can't you hold out a little longer?" scolded the enormous-breasted blonde, as she tingled his cock head with her tongue. "Gimme a second," she pleaded, as she reached for her Tupperware container. "Okay, go ahead."

Jack exhaled dramatically as his thick gooey cream tumbled from the head of his cock into Titania's leftovers container. "Mmm, you're filling it nicely!" she said with a bright smile.

Jack grunted to indicate he was empty. He collapsed on the single bed. "Shit, Titty," he complained. "For days now, that's all you're willing to do. I don't get to fuck you, I don't get to put it between your tits...! What's goin' on?"

The spectacular blonde bounced around the room, putting the fruits of her labor into the refrigerator. "What do you care, as long as you get off?" she asked.

Jack was starting to think she had a point when he felt his jeans come crashing against his head. "Okay, move along," barked Titty. "You were great — now go away."

"Hell of a way to treat a lover," mumbled Jack as he clamored into his jeans.

"Don't flatter yourself," said Titania, stretching out on her bed once more. The sight of those gorgeous globes almost made Jack forget that she was treating him like shit. "Goodbye!" she chirped. Jack slunk out of the dorm room. Titty began pulling on a nipple with one hand and digging into the depths of her vagina with the other — thinking about giving her roommate her next dose of the 'secret formula'.

She didn't even move to cover herself when she heard the door open. Shy Blossom gasped. "Oh! I'm sorry," she apologized. "Do you want me to leave? Or — or — close the door?"

"I don't give a fuck," laughed Titty. "Come on in. I got more formula for you. Can you get it from the fridge? My hands are busy."

"I can see that," said Blossom, walking over to the refrigerator. She eyed the line painted on the floor. "You know, Miss Titania, I'm really grateful that you're sharing the secret formula with me — and I think they're growing nicely," Blossom said, taking a deep breath and shoving her chest forward. "But do you think they'll ever reach the point that I'll need to stand behind the line on the floor, just like you do?"

"I wouldn't be at all surprised," said the wanton roommate. "You put it on this time," she advised. "I'll watch."

"Okay," agreed Blossom, shucking off her shirt. "I'm still not used to the smell!" she giggled.

"No? I love it," moaned Titty.

"Hmmm-it's not as cold as it usually is," noticed Blossom as she rubbed the formula into her breasts.

"That's 'cause it's fresh!" cried Titty.

"There! All rubbed in," said Blossom. "It's still too sticky to put my shirt back on."

"That means it hasn't been absorbed by the skin," said Titania, jumping out of bed. "Rub some more. Feels good, doesn't it?" she asked, rubbing her roommate's breasts herself.

"Yes," agreed the mousy brunette.

"Well! Gotta go!" said Titty, bouncing to the closet and pulling back on her short skirt and tight top. "I'm fucking fraternities tonight. See ya!"

"Uhhhhhh," said Blossom, her eyes closed. She was lost in the pleasurable sensations of rubbing her own breasts. She didn't even notice that Titania had left. Blossom had just started wriggling out of her jeans and panties when she heard the door open again. "Forget something?" she asked.

"Forget, hell!" said a male voice. "I need fucking!"

Blossom jumped and blinked her eyes open. It wasn't her roommate at all. There in front of her stood Jack, Titania's football-playing boyfriend. And he was tearing off his clothes with an urgency Blossom had never seen before in her life.

"Oh! Jack!" squealed Blossom. "I didn't know it was you!"

"How do you know my name?" asked the athlete, now stroking his cock as he salivated over Blossom's budding breasts.

"Jack, we've met many times," puzzled the brunette. "I'm Blossom, Titania's roommate."

"You can't be," insisted Jack. "I'm not much good at names or faces, but I never forget a pair of tits. And I ain't never seen those before."

Blossom blushed. "No, I guess you haven't," she agreed. "Do you like them?"

"They're not realllly big enough — but they're not bad," he said, moving in for a closer look. "Damn, girl. Can I fuck 'em?"

"Can you what?" asked Blossom.

"Fuck 'em," repeated Jack. "You know, put my thing in between 'em and rubby dub dub."

"I've never heard of that," said Blossom.

"No? It's fun," said Jack, climbing into the single bed next to her. "Titty ain't lettin' me do it to her, so how 'bout if I do it to you?"

"She's not letting you... do that?" said Blossom, amazed.

"No," moaned Jack, "and she won't let me fuck her cunt, either! She just makes me get off into some container that she puts in the fridge."
