 Jessica looked up wearily at the clock on the far wall of her office. Her eyes were tired from several hours of staring at her computer screen, and as 9:30pm ticked by, she realised it had been an age since she'd had so much as a coffee break. The work was as draining as it was engrossing, and though she wouldn't trade her job for the world, there were times when the life of a high-powered city lawyer didn't live up to it's exciting, vibrant issue. 

Tonight, for example. 

Proof-reading contracts drawn up by the Hong Kong office was vital, as even the slightest grammatical error could cost the firm's clients literally millions. But even those most passionate about subtle legal nuances had their limits, and Jessica had found hers several clauses and sub-paragraphs ago. Unfortunately, none of it could be left for the following morning, which at the very least gave her a sense of pride that the firm's partners had entrusted her with it.

Struggling to stifle a yawn, Jessica realised that she needed refreshing if this was going to get done properly. Stretching her legs and kicking off her heels, she tiptoed across the carpet to the door and peered around at the bullpen outside. Aside from a couple of associates, just as absorbed in their own work as she had been in hers, the office was empty. Even the cleaners had finished up and gone home for dinner with the family, and there weren't any interns she could order to fetch her caffeine and fast food. Maybe that wasn't such a bad thing, she thought. The food around here was pretty terrible, and a meal might just send her right to sleep.

With so few people to enforce the firm's strict dress code, Jessica felt free to undo a couple of buttons from the top of her blouse. The straps of her bra were digging into her shoulders, and she began to seriously consider taking it off and letting the girls breathe. Her tights, too, were feeling a little itchy, and she would have loved to get rid of them and expose her bare legs to the air-conditioned atmosphere of the hallway. But somehow that seemed unprofessional. Even when no one was watching, it was important to maintain standards.

So how do the professionals relax and reinvigorate themselves? Stress balls and yoga felt a bit too 1980s. Jessica began asking herself what senior partners do when they're in her situation. What do they do when they have important work to do, but need a quick, refreshing moral boost?

She was muttering the hypothetical question to herself, but she already knew the answer before she'd finished the question, and it caused her to grin with excitement at the prospect. She skipped back hurriedly to her office, and to the pile of business cards on her desk. She flipped through them hastily, looking for one very special card in particular. It was luckily near the top, where she'd purposefully left it from the last time, knowing that she would soon use it again. 

It was plain white, with nondescript black lettering in a simple font. There was no company name on the front, there didn't need to be, only a telephone number. All the girls on Jessica's floor had the same card, and they all knew the business it advertised simply as 'The Service'. It was given to every new female employee as a sort of welcoming gift by the more senior lawyers, who all knew from experience how valuable The Service could be in keeping workers happy and productive. They provided elite 'packages' to stressed professional women pushed for time and they were available 24/7, ideal for after-hours.

She dialled the number on the card, and it was answered on the second ring by a polite female voice.

"Good evening ma'am, how may we serve you this evening?" the voice asked.

"I'd like a package please, as soon as you can", Jessica replied eagerly.

"Certainly ma'am, our computer says you are in the Hart Building on Parliament Street, do we have that correct?"

"Yes, that's me, Butler and Wessing LLP, I'm on the 17th floor."

"Excellent ma'am. Delivery time is approximately 15 minutes. Now if I could just take a few details, what size package would you like?"

"I'll take an 8, or a 9 if you have one"

"We do indeed have a 9 available, and he's just started his shift so it will be his first delivery this evening. However, I should warn you that this 9 does come with an extra large deposit, is that to your liking?"

"Yes, please!" Jessica confirmed, giddy with her luck "the bigger the deposit, the better, I haven't eaten since lunch so I could use the nutrients!"

"Very good ma'am, and I can assure you that the deposit will not only be highly nutritious, but also conforming the highest standards of taste, I'm told he's very sweet."

"That will do nicely. Thank you very much indeed, I'm looking forward to it, goodnight."

Jessica hung up and returned the business card to the top of the pile. She glanced up at the clock again, with a 15 minute delivery time, her package would be here at around 10pm, so she had enough time for a quick glass of water and a trip to the bathroom to freshen up. She got up from the desk and made her way across the office to the watercooler. One of the few remaining workers looked up from her pile of papers as Jessica crossed the room. It was Terri, a girl in her late twenties, just a couple of years Jessica's junior, who had always been friendly with her.

"Hey Jess," she greeted, a slight croak in her voice from all the conference calls she'd made that day, "you stuck here too?"

"Yep. Since first thing this morning. Taking a quick break though, ordered myself a package."

"Damn," Terri sighed with more than a hint of envy, "I could really use a package right now, but my throat's a little sore."

"That shouldn't stop you" Jessica replied with encouragement, "I've always found them to be incredibly soothing."

"You know what, you're right," Terri stated defiantly, "besides, I think I've earned it".

"That's the spirit girl," Jessica grinned, happy to have helped. 

She poured herself a polystyrene cup from the cooler, and took a sip of the chilled liquid to swill around her mouth for a few seconds before swallowing. Her taste buds were awoken and energised, and goose pimples stood up on the skin of her exposed arms. She went into the bathroom, empty and sparkling clean. She carefully took out her contact lenses before splashing more cold water on her face and neck. She already felt revitalised, but this was more to do with the thrill of anticipation than the water. After a quick check in the mirror, she began tying her long, dark hair back in a loose ponytail, which would soon make it easier for her to accept delivery of the package. 

After making her way back to the office, past Terri who was on the phone again, this time clutching a plain white business card in one hand, Jessica began staring at the clock, willing the minute hand to skip forward quicker. She was fidgeting excitedly in the leather chair, her foot twitching and her fingers twirling a pen, when she was startled by the sharp buzz from her telephone.

"Front desk here ma'am. There's a package for you, shall I send him up?"

"Yes please, send him up right away" Jessica almost shouted down the line.

The clock still only said 9:58, but then prompt, first rate service was exactly what you could expect of these packages, Jessica thought to herself, it shows they genuinely care about their customers, and not just about making money. Although it had to be said, packages from The Service did not come cheap.

Within a few moments, Jessica heard the *ping* of the elevator as it reached her floor. She peered around her office doorway just as the doors of the elevator opened and out stepped a young man clad in full, black bikers leather with a helmet under one arm. He was at least a foot taller than Jessica, with broad, square shoulders and wavy blond hair. He noticed her straight away and flashed a warm smile. Striding purposefully towards her office, he asked, quite formally "One size 9 with extra large extra sweet deposit?".

"That's me" chirped Jessica, beckoning him into her office before closing the door behind him "please come in" she encouraged, catching a quick glimpse of Terri over his shoulder, biting her lip and staring at his backside. Once they were both inside, the man unzipped his jacket to reveal a crisp, white shirt underneath, he then extended his hand for Jessica to shake firmly.

"Good evening ma'am, my name is Philip and I'll be serving you this evening. How would you like to begin?"

"Well Phil," Jessica replied with a sly grin, "I guess I should start by inspecting the merchandise, and please call me Jessica, or Ms. Bell if you insist on formalities".

"Very good Ms. Bell", and with that he unzipped the fly on his black leather pants, releasing his thick, 9-inch cock which sprang forward, jutting out towards Jessica. With his other hand he reached inside his pants and pulled out a pair of sagging, heavy balls, smoothly shaven with barely a wrinkle. Jessica knelt down in front of him to give his penis a thorough examination with the organ at eye level. She assumed he must have been fluffing himself while riding the elevator, there was no way he could have driven a motorbike with this beast throbbing away down below. The bulbous, purple head was the size of a small plum and looked just as ripe and juicy. The rigid shaft curved upwards slightly, and Jessica could see the veins pulsating down its length. She gripped it with one hand, her fingers only just able to make their way around it, and marvelled at the warmth. With the other hand, she cupped his ballsack, trying to gauge its weight. They were a hefty pair to say the least, and the load they were carrying was undoubtedly huge, never mind extra large. She felt the skin around Philip's testicles tighten up in response to her caress, he was clearly ready whenever she was.

"OK" she said, "everything seems to be in order here, so if you take a seat over there we can get started", she gestured towards the leather chair behind her desk. Philip obliged, sat down, leaned back slightly and spread his knees wide to allow Jessica easy access. His cock was now pointing proudly towards the ceiling so Jessica could admire its underside. She began to undo the remaining buttons on her blouse, removing it completely before folding it neatly and placing it on the desk. Things could get messy quite quickly, and this was expensive material. She decided that her bra might as well come off too, and she pulled the straps down past her shoulder and let it fall to the floor. She let out a long, deep breath as her breasts were finally freed, nipples aching and almost as erect as Philip's cock. She massaged the soft, full flesh of her own bosom, easing the slight chaffing near her armpits. Finally, she reached down under her grey business skirt and pulled down her underwear, she was liable to get very wet, and with more work to get back to after this, she didn't want to have to deal with soaking panties for the rest of the night.

Jessica fetched a soft cushion from the corner of the room and placed it between Philip's legs. She then got back down on all fours, her knees on the cushion, her hands resting on the top of his thighs. She started intently at the cock just inches from her face, taking a few more deep breathes in preparation while licking her pink lips to coat them with saliva. Leaning forward, she began by pressing her closed mouth gently against the swollen head of the penis, taking a moment to savour the sensation of flesh on flesh. She could already feel her mind drifting away from the stress of work and allowed herself to be drawn in by the mix of relaxation and arousal she felt at the prospect of indulging in such an erotic yet guilt-free pleasure.

She stuck out the tip of her tongue to tickle the hole on top of the glans, then began drawing larger and larger circles with it, swirling around, covering the silky, frictionless tip with the moisture from her mouth so that it shone in the light from the desk lamp. She repeated this several more times, applying coats of saliva until she was satisfied that the cock was fully prepared and lubricated. Then, after inhaling deeply, she leaned forward and took the huge head of the cock fully into her mouth, closing her lips halfway down the shaft. It was warm, very warm, and sat heavily between her tongue and the roof of her mouth. She held it there for a few seconds, letting her jaw relax, and then slid her lips back along the shaft until only the tip remained in her mouth. She repeated the motion again and again, each time taking slightly more of Philip's length inside and each time his cock getting closer and closer to the back of her mouth.

She soon settled into a steady rhythm, slurping back and forth with purpose, absorbed and focused entirely on her task, her work now a distant memory. Sexual instinct and her raw, primal hunger for cock took over. All pretence of restraint and dignity was lost, as Jessica tried to force it past her tonsils and down her throat.

Her first attempt at deep-throating the cock left Jessica gagging and spluttering, and she had to take a moment to catch her breath and regain her composure. On her second attempt, she managed to push herself all the way down so that the tip hit the back of her throat and Philip's balls rested on her chin, but she could only hold it for a brief moment before having to withdraw once again. Undeterred and defiant, she began sucking longingly on his ballsack as she planned her next move, taking each one into her mouth in turn and bathing them in saliva.

"Hey, Phil?" she asked, looking up at him with one hand left stroking his cock, "It's been a while since I've throated anything as big as this, would you mind giving me a hand? I reeeeally want to get the full length inside me, it's so satisfying."

"Of course Ms. Bell" he replied obligingly, and stood up from the chair, a droplet of Jessica's spit falling from the end of his cock. He spread his legs slightly, positioning them on either side of Jessica in her sitting position. He put his hands gently but firmly on the back of her head to hold her steady and fed his cock into her open, waiting mouth. He was cautious and slow at first, careful not to thrust too hard before she was ready, but her wide, expectant eyes and guttural moans of pleasure gave him the encouragement to increase the intensity. 

Holding her head, he pushed his cock in as far as he could go, so her nose was pushed into the flesh above his groin. This time, Jessica didn't gag, and he felt the exquisite tightness of her throat muscles begin to squeeze his cock. He withdrew halfway, and then pushed back in again. Jessica didn't so much as flinch and he took this as a sign she was ready for her mouth to be well and truly fucked. He rocked his hips back and forth, his balls slapping against her chin with every stroke until Jessica managed to stick her tongue out so that she could lick them simultaneously. 

For her part, Jessica was in erotic ecstasy. Having Philip take over allowed her to relinquish all control and she was able to relax every muscle in her body and savour the sensation of being filled up with the delicious, hard meat. She had the sheer thrill of being sexually dominated and used in this way, combined with the knowledge that it was all being done for her satisfaction, that she was the real focus and that it was for her to take her fill.

Now that her throat was being fucked roughly with no resistance, Jessica decided to amp things up a little further. She wrapped her arms around Philip to grab onto his ass and pull his crotch in towards her with each thrust, so that the two of them were working in partnership to get as much of his cock inside her.

Philip was keen to ensure he didn't come before Jessica had gotten all she wanted, and tried all the muscle-squeezing techniques he had to delay ejaculation, but she could hear his barely concealed moans and grunts and knew he was very close. Fortunately, she was ready for the icing on her cake and winked up at him, giving him permission to let go.

With his legs quivering, Philip, with his cock deep inside her, gasped and released the first burst of semen straight down Jessica's throat. She could feel the warmth and the slippery sensation as it flowed down into her, but she couldn't taste it with his cock so far down. She pulled back until only the pulsating head remained inside, as several more bursts hit the roof of her mouth with impressive force. Her cheeks puffed out as the come continued to flow, and she had to swallow a bit to make sure it didn't all spill out onto her clothes. As his orgasm subsided, Philip withdrew his cock so that his customer could enjoy her meal, but didn't move away in case she wanted to lick him clean.

Jessica closed her eyes and tilted her head back, swilling the come around her mouth as though it were a fine wine. 

"Wow," she thought, "it tastes so fruity and sweet, not a hint of bitterness, this is why it pays to use the professionals." She continued to slosh it around with her tongue, making sure she would be left with the aftertaste for the rest of the evening. It had a thick, but smooth and slippery consistency, not too lumpy or too watery. Like Goldilocks' porridge, just right. Her throat already relaxed, she was able to swallow the mouthful easily and felt the bulky load slip all the way down to her stomach. She looked up, and noticed a small drop of semen was left on the tip of Philip's cock, still positioned patiently in front of her face. She licked it up skilfully with the tip of her tongue, and giggled as even this light touch had his cock twitching, still incredibly sensitive from its climax.

"My compliments to the chef" she joked, slapping his ass playfully as she got to her feet and reached for her clothes on the desk. Philip was still rock hard as he tucked his thick cock back into his pants and zipped up the fly. It occurred to Jessica that he would probably need to be ready for another customer pretty soon, and she wondered if he could possibly conjure up a load of similar size for his next appointment, or maybe some girls prefer smaller deposits.

"My pleasure Ms. Bell, quite literally," he said, grinning "and if you liked it, I'd appreciate you giving me positive feedback if The Service calls to ask."

"Of course," she replied "in fact, I might request you again next time. Now, how much do I owe?"

"Don't worry about that ma'am, we'll charge it to the company account as usual."

"Well that's convenient, but I still think you deserve a tip". Jessica lifted up her skirt with one hand, and with the other ran three fingers slowly along the lips of her soaking pussy. She was so aroused that this touch alone almost gave her an orgasm of her own, and this encounter would certainly provide plenty of inspiration once she was in her bed masturbating in a few hours. She pushed her dripping fingers into Philip's mouth and he licked them clean, gratefully accepting the tip.

Jessica went to the door to show him out. She felt refreshed, reinvigorated and ready to get back to work with a smile. The cock had cleared her head in more ways than one. From her doorway, as she hugged Philip goodbye, she could see Terri at her desk with a dark-haired, Italian-looking guy who was wearing the same black uniform. He was still taking off his jacket, but Terri was already kneeling down with his cock in her hands, licking her lips. Jessica winked in her direction, knowing her colleague was in for a treat, but Terri was too focused to notice. Jessica was going to close her door, but changed her mind and instead decided to enjoy the sound of Terri sucking and slurping noisily outside as she was given first-rate service. 

As she returned to her desk, Jessica noticed that Philip had left a small leaflet behind. It was as plain as the business card and said simply "We are expanding our range of services offered, please call for details". She spent the rest of the evening imagining what these other services could possibly be, and knowing full well that curiosity would eventually compel her to find out.