 I'm nervous. I admit it. I'm standing in the airport, nervously pacing off to the side of the exit area. I think back to before all of the security, when we were able to stand at the windows at the far end of the airport and be right there when our friends and family walked off the plane, but now we're farther away. Thankfully, this airport is open and straight-forward. I know you're smart, but I just like to be there so you don't have to think about it. Oh well ...

And the nervousness keeps going. Pace here. Lean there. Get up and walk over, then back. The airport announced the plane was landing minutes ago and still - wait, here come some people. Is she there? She is!

I wait until you make it past the last bit of security and walk up to you, grinning. Just seeing your smile is making me happier and more calm. We step clear of the crowd and out of the walkway and our arms wrap around each other and squeeze tight. It feels so great to see you again - even though it hasn't even been two whole weeks. When we relax and lean back from each other, you can see the smile all the way to my eyes and all I can do is soak in all of you - how you feel under your shirt, how you smell, how your hair falls back over your shoulder, how you smile. I offer to take your bag, but you laugh at me - as usual; it's not too heavy and I know you can carry it and you know I just have to ask anyway. We turn and walk toward the door, but with each step, I'm stealing glances in your direction and the smile won't dim at all.

There's nothing but small talk between the hug and the car. I thank you for meeting me on my vacation. You enjoy the sights and comment on a few bits of scenery. But it's all filler. When we sit down inside the car, before I can even turn the vehicle on, I've already reached over and taken your cheek in my hand, turning your face to mine. My lips press against yours and I can taste you. It feels like it's been forever. I feel your hand go to my arm, sliding along it. I can feel your body tightening up with the tension. And neither one of us can wait to get somewhere more comfortable.

Your attention is split between me, blushing and happy, and the surrounding area as we drive away from the airport. I ask if you need anything, but your response - "Only someplace private" - just makes me turn even redder. The drive isn't very far, but it's quiet enough. During busier seasons, the hotel could be called a tourist trap, but it's quiet now. I could have had almost any room in the place when I made the reservation, and they gave me one of the better suites for a decent rate. This time, I get your bag, but I reach out with my other hand and take your fingers in mine. We walk happy to the outside door, and moments later, we're walking into the large room on the top floor.

I assume that you are going to look around, but you can't wait. I haven't even finished closing the door before you wrap your body around mine. I laugh, making sure the door is shut, then I turn my full attention to you.

There isn't any real direction to what we're doing or where we're going, there's just need. Fingers moving over skin, pulling at clothes ... random, assorted steps in the direction of the bed ... kissing, tasting ...

When we slow down just enough to get some manner of control, we're somewhere in the middle of the room. My shirt is unbuttoned and our shoes are scattered somewhere by the door. You've started working on my belt and I can't help but kiss your skin as we move. Making a decision, I turn to put my back to the large couch by the wall and then I take the few steps backwards to get closer to it. You look to see where we're headed, but you follow happily. When I stop walking, I lean back from you a step and smile. You slow down a touch, watching me, grinning. My hands lift up your shirt, moving it up and over your body, then dropping it on the end of the couch. I lean in, kissing your collar, your chest ... and while I do so, I undo your belt and your pants. Your skin feels so smooth, so soft ... it's all I can do to focus on the task at hand.

As your pants finally come undone, I kneel in front of you, sliding them and your panties down your legs. God, I just want to stop and kiss and lick your bare skin, but I know that if I focus, I'll get there momentarily. You put your hand on my shoulder and lift one foot off the floor and then the other, each time, clearing your clothes and making sure to take a moment to pull your sock off as well. There on my knees in front of you, I move my hands around you, squeezing your ass, pulling you close to me, and my lips move to your skin, tasting you again, my breath moving over your skin ... I can hear your soft sigh as I touch you.

Standing up, it's my turn. I start pushing my pants down, but you want to help. I don't even want to try to stop you, but I'm not surprised when you take advantage of being on your knees in front of me. Naked from the waist down with you right there with me, and I'm hard. It's more than just 'excited to be around you', and you have been wanting to do this for a long time. You look up, catch my eyes, see my smile, and then, holding me with your hands, you put your mouth against the head of my cock. You suck me in between your lips, moving me over your tongue, deep into your mouth, then back out. I can't do more than gasp as you start moving me in and out of you, sucking on me, tasting me, feeling me get harder in you. Already, my breathing is starting to get ragged ... and hearing it, you get more turned on yourself. You can feel how wet you're getting just by playing with me.

Your fingers start wandering. I can feel them teasing my balls. Then sliding up and down my shaft in time with your mouth. At one point, you even put both hands on my ass and just start pulling me in deep and hard into your mouth. It feels so good ... and you can tell I'm getting close. You don't want to stop, but you know there's more to be had, so you suck hard as you pull back, finishing off by running your tongue over the tip of my cock. I'm surprised I can still stand at this point.

You stand in front of me, still wearing your bra. But that doesn't stop you. You put your fingers gently on my chest, pushing me slightly, and I take the hint. I take the last step back against the couch and sit down, keeping my eyes on yours. You put your feet on either side of mine. Standing there in front of me, above me, you calmly, confidently, take your bra off, letting it fall over by your shirt. The entire time, our eyes are locked on each other, wanting one another ... needing one another.

You put your hands on the couch above my shoulders and kneel down on me. As you rest your legs on the cushions, you take your hands away, putting one of them on me and holding me straight up as you lower yourself down.

This time, your eyes close as you feel me filling you up. As you rest on my legs, you open your eyes and I am still watching you. You can feel how thick I am inside you. You know how excited I am, how close I was just a minute ago, so you are in no rush. You lean down, kissing me as you take a few moments to just squeeze your pussy around me. The pressure is intense, and the first time, you catch it when my breathing stops for a heartbeat.

You decide you can't wait anymore. You're so wet that I slide easily between your lips and you close your eyes, lifting up and then sliding back down. You slide backwards and forward as well, moving me inside you as well as lifting and dropping. At one point, you catch it when I close my eyes, dropping my head back as I moan.

You grin, having fun controlling the action, watching me react - but you can't stop from getting excited as well, especially with my hands moving over your body - cupping and squeezing your breasts, riding your ass and pulling you hard onto my cock, and of course, teasing your clit ...

I know it can't last, though - this is never the best position, so I lean forward, wrapping my arms around you, and I slide to the front of the sofa. You stop moving as you watch to see what I do, and as I lift awkwardly up and off the sofa, you giggle for a moment at how clumsy we are.

I only have to take a couple of steps forward, and I make sure to let you fall on the bed - not to fall on top of you. But now, you're on your back and I'm over you. We shuffle a little until your ass is all the way on the bed, but once it is, I lift your legs up and move them in front of my arms. Holding your legs apart and back lets me drive into you farther and you can't help but gasp as I fuck you hard.

You can feel me inside you, pumping, pushing, and time seems to disappear as our bodies get slick with sweat, as our breathing gets ragged. Your hands move up and down my arms, down to your legs, then back to the blankets where they try to get some kind of grip.

I start slowing down, and after a moment, I pull back and out of you. Without letting you move, I lean down and lick at you, teasing your clit, licking over your lips, then I pull back and, with my urging, you roll over, your ass up in the air as you rest on the mattress. Moving to you again, I slide ever so easily inside you. You can feel every inch as it moves between your lips and deep inside your wet pussy. You can already feel how this angle hits you differently, and resting on your chest, you look back with a hungry grin.

I lean forward enough to wrap my hands around your biceps and, holding you down, I start fucking you. Fast ... deep inside you ... my hard cock spreads you with every stroke, hitting you just right every time I move into you. You scream in pleasure, crying out my name as well as other loud noises, and you can't help but push back as best you can with every stroke. In. Out. Hard into you, again. Sliding out, then back in. Over and over. Again. And the next time you cry out, I gasp as well. You can feel me cum inside you. You squeeze, milking me and I lower my head, out of breath. My fingers relax and I lean down, sliding them down under your sweaty skin, cupping your breasts and just breathing behind you. You can hear the smile as I say quietly, "I love you, beautiful."