 Author's Note: Some of these events are true and some are fantasy, names have been changed and so have locations.

Written without an editor, so if any editor out there wants to help, please shout out.

Enjoy.

~~~~~~~~~

Leaving work, I didn't think how my life would change today. November had started warm but now the bite of autumn was in the air. Leaving my office I pulled my collar up on my coat wishing I had brought a scarf today. 

Hands plunged deep in my pockets I made my way through the back streets of Victoria heading for the tube. I clutched my phone and weaved my way through the growing throng as I got closer to the tube. The phone buzzed just as I was heading down the stairs to the underground. Waiting on the packed platform I checked the screen. 

"Shit day. Bring wine. L" L was Lauren, my flat mate. 

Everyone said it was weird that a man would share a flat with a woman, but my friend Adam had asked if I could help out a new woman in his office as I had a spare room. She'd moved down to London for work and had been with me for 3 months and since then we had built a good friendship. 

She'd been having difficulties with an ex who was struggling to come to terms with her moving to the capital. I guessed her text related to that.

Leaving the tube, I detoured to the local off-licence choosing a couple of deep, velvety riojas. I opened the door to my flat, enjoying the warmth that wrapped itself around me, melting the icy grip that the November evening had me in. I cast my coat aside, threw my keys in the bowl on the side table and made my way into the lounge. 

Lauren was curled up on the couch, tears staining her cheeks with dark streaks of mascara, nose reddened from sniffling. She'd changed from her normal work attire into jogging bottoms and a loose fitting sweat shirt. She lifted her eyes to me, big eyes pleading with me to give her some comfort.

"Heeeeeyyyyy, what's got you?" I asked, bending down to give her a hug.

"That arse of an ex. He just won't drop it and leave me alone. All day, text after text, he's just an arse." She waved her phone around at me, and I snatched it from her. "You don't need this, you need this!" waving a bottle of rioja at her. 

I got upand went to the kitchen, finding two large tulip glasses and opened the wine. Pouring two good measures, I returned to the lounge and sat down next to Lauren. "Tell me everything." I said, and after taking a big glug of wine she started to tell me what had gone on during the day. 

It started with an innocent text from him to find out how she was but then quickly spiralled into his pleas for her to return to Manchester. He had no respect for her desire to build a career and the opportunities that it gave. This then descended into outright abuse, causing her to end up on my couch crying. 

The more she spoke, the more angry she got. By the time she had finished, she had drained 3 glasses of wine and I was dispatched to retrieve the second one I'd bought.

Sitting back down, Lauren shuffled over to me and aced her head on my shoulder. "Thanks, Andy."

"What for?"

"Just listening. No-one ever does that."

I gave her a squeezing hug and she buried her head into my next, then started to cry again. I just held her as the sobs rolled through her. A wet patch growing on my shoulder but I didn't want to move. Feeling her small frame pressed to me was divine. The more I'd got to know her the more I liked her more than a friend, but I could never tell her. 

I put down my wine and wrapped both arms around her. My hand held the back of her head, slowly massaging her skull, he blonde hair entangling my fingers. I gave gentle soothing sounds as my other hand rubbed her back, feeling guilty that i took pleasure in finding no evidence of a bra.

"Tell, you what you need, a hot bath."

"Oooo, please."

I left her to go to her room to get changed and I went to the bathroom to draw a deep bath. I squeezed in something that looked like it was meant to smell nice and the water began to foam. Stopping the taps, I called through to her that it was ready. 

As I left the bathroom, Lauren emerged from her room wrapped in a towel. Her small breasts pressed together. Smooth, sculpted legs emerging below the towel. the shape of her thighs enticing me to imagine what lay just a little way further up but hidden by the towel. 

Our eyes caught as I changed my gazed, a little smile crossing her lips but her eyes drawing me in towards her soul. Did I see something in them. She sashayed past me, closed the door but didn't lock it. I hurried away to my room, my mind racing with a thousand thoughts.

Ten minutes past, in which time I'd changed from my work clothes into something more comfortable.

"Andy?"

"Yes?"

"Can you come and scrub my back?"

Really? Did she just ask that? "Err, are you sure?"

"It's only my back and the rest of me is under the bubbles. I think I'll be safe."

"OK."

I nervously pushed open the bathroom door. Lauren was leaning forward in the bath hugging her legs, her wet hair slicked around her neck, her back exposed to me. She looked back over her shoulder and a shy smile on her lips. I'm sure she could tell I was nervous, but I don't think she knew it was because how beautiful she looked. Beautiful but vulnerable, small and exposed. 

I knelt down beside the bath. The bath was one of my favourite things. It was a big Victorian roll top unit that stood as the centre piece of the room. I had to kneel up as if I was an altar boy paying servitude at a high altar, although in this case it was for this gorgeous woman. I took the sponge and tarted to gently soap her back, taking the time to examine every curve, every muscle, every protrusion of her spine.

"You seem tense." I commented.

"Yeah? Well there is a strange man in my bathroom and I'm naked. Who wouldn't be tense?"

"One, I'm not strange. Two, it's MY bathroom. Three, you invited me in. Four, yes you are naked but that is normal when you are in the bath."

"OK, OK. You are kooky not strange. Point taken on the rest. It's just been a long day and I'm wound up from my ex."

"How about a massage?" I blurted out.

"Really?" she said, turning quickly to look at me. As she turned her body came into view and only the amount of bubbles saved her modesty. Oh, how I wanted to blow them away softly to reveal her assets.

I blushed. "Oh, ok. Maybe not. Step too far."

"Non, no, no. It's not that, just didn't have you down as the massage type."

"I've got good hands I'll have you know."

"OK, deal. But just keep your hands to my neck and back."

"Done." I said.

I dropped the sponge and started to work the deltoids of her neck, but the position I was in made it difficult. Being side on to her made it hard to give the best massage. She must have sensed my frustration.

"What's up?" she quizzed.

"I just can't reach you properly. It's difficult being side on." 

"Well sit behind me. Put your feet in the water and sit on the edge of the bath behind me."

"Good idea but that means I'll need to take off my pants and I'm not sure that is a good idea."

"Jesus, Andy. I'm naked in the bath and you are worried about showing me a bit of leg. Whip them off and get in. It's not like you will be nude."

"OK, just turn away while I drop them."

"Why? something to hide?" she teased as she looked away. Actually, I had. The thought had started to stir something inside me and the fact I had been given unfettered access to her in the bath was just as stimulating. I was afraid she would see and call me a pervert. 

I quickly dropped my pants and stepped into the soapy water behind her. I sat on the roll top and started to massage her neck. Just gentle pressure at first, my thumbs finding the knots in the muscles and easing them out with long strokes. My hands worked her deltoids, feeling their rigidity begin to temper and crumble, a looseness returning. 

Little sighs and gasps escaped from her lips. No other sound in the room except for her wimpers. The heat of the water creating steam and a sultry atmosphere in the room. I let my hands work lower, stretching and kneeding her back muscles. 

My eyes took in every line, small mark and curve of her back. I was utterly absorbed. I continued my downward trajectory, working out her lats and obliques. In a crude way it looked as if I was trying to wrap my hands round her waist. far from it, I was working those muscles and revelling in her firm torso. 

I knew she did yoga from seeing her disappear 3 times a week to go and stretch in some heated studio. Apparently Bikram yoga was all the rage. It seemed to be working. I shifted my position slightly to try and ease the pressure on my back only to make myself unstable and I slid into the bath with a loud splash.

"Shit, shit, shit. so sorry." I said as I struggled to get stable and out of the bath. Lauren however was laughing, a proper full bodied laugh of the highly amused.

"You loon. If you wanted to get in just say, don't make it look like an accident."

"Shit, sorry. For fuck sake. Sorry."

"Stop. Stop! Stop struggling. You are in now, so you might as well get comfortable."

"I'm clothed!"

"Well take them off then. It's only fair. I'm naked."

I looked quizzically at her, unsure of what to do. Looking back at me over her shoulder, a soft smile and a gleam in her eye. This was it. this was my chance to share a bath with this gorgeous woman, but she was my flatmate and this would change everything. My mind raced as I wanted this so much but I also needed the rent and I couldn't afford to lose it for long. If she left...

"Does this, um, change things?" I said

"Like what?"

"Like more than friends. I've never done this with a flatmate before."

"Your previous flatmates have all been men. And no, this is just two friends. In the bath. Naked."

"Yeah, it's that last bit I'm having issues with."

"Well if we were Amazonians, we'd be naked all the time. It's just the modern world that dictates we should wear clothes. Now are you staying? I need to lean back as my back is starting to hurt."

"Ok. Just look away as I get naked."

"OK." but then she giggled. I couldn't help but laugh.

I quickly stripped and sat down behind Lauren. "Put your legs either side of me" she commanded. So that I sat. My legs straddling Lauren, the hot water a pleasant sensation against my body. Lauren leaned back against me, my semi hard member caught between us. I said nothing, just looked ahead and kept my arms on the side of the bath. And so we stayed, in silence as we both pondered how we had ended up here.

"Thanks." Just one tiny whispered word.

"Sorry? What for?"

"Just being you." Came the equally small response. I instinctively brought my arm around her shoulders, squeezed her and kissed her head. "No worries."

Her arm came up to match mine and she interlaced her fingers with mine. Again, we sat in silence. The water began to cool and the bubbles began to fade but I couldn't move, and didn't want to. She reached up to the taps at the side of the bath and began to draw more. Once happy she settled back against me and pulled my back around her. 

The movement of the water had shifted the bubbles, which were already depleting, and as I gazed down i could begin to see the curve of her breasts and somewhere beneath the bubbles a darker indistinct shape that could only be her nipple. I let out a little gasp but couldn't avert my eyes from the view. Ever so slowly, one by one, the bubbles burst revealing more of her pert breasts. 

My member was already wedged between our bodies but now it began to enlarge as my arousal grew. Lauren obviously sensed this as she gripped my fingers more tightly than before. My erection gained full strength and was an obvious obstruction between our bodies. Lauren slowly moved our hands, making my fingers trace lines down from her neck and across the upmost parts of her chest. Slow, lazy movements, sensual. 

My breathing became deeper and ragged, the fire that raged in my loins only hardened my desire further. Friends? No, that line was crossed.

I one swift movement she pulled my arm away, but skillfully ensured my fingers brushed her breast. The sudden flick of a nipple against the tips of my fingers, causing a desire to repeat it. She spun to face me, leaning back, an arm across her chest and a look in her eyes I'd never seen her with before. It wasn't playful, it wasn't cheekiness. it was lustful.

"Massage my feet?" she asked, as a soapy foot emerged from the water, toes wiggling sending water and bubbles cascading down her shapely leg. I took her foot in my hands and started to stretch each toe. The nails were perfectly manicured and painted in a clear gloss. The skin smooth and soft to the touch. 

My fingers worked the soles of her feet, a little wrinkled from the time in the water and still responsive to my light touch. Little giggles from Lauren when it got too ticklish or flinches from her legs to get away from my teasing finger. 

I moved to her calf. Resting her foot against my chest, my hand slid along flawless skin that could only have been waxed and moisturised. There was no hint of stubble and the skin was soft to the touch. I changed legs and as i did she placed the leg I'd just massaged between my legs. Her foot was perilously close to my groin. 

As I worked her foot, her eyes closed and she bit her bottom lip and arched her back. Slowly through the bubbles her small but pert breasts emerged, breaking through the barrier for me to see. Two perfect teardrop highlighted by darker stiff points. Lauren's hand moved across her body and up to one of her breasts and started to squeeze it. 

Moans became gasps as she squeezed and rolled those points between her fingers. Occasionally pulling them taut before releasing them only to paw at her chest once more.

As my hands moved higher, caressing her calf, her spare hand slid below the water and between her legs. Small movements and louder gasps could only mean she was pleasuring herself. 

The foot between my legs had crept forwards and her toes were now flicking against my scrotum. The foot then moving up along my shaft, back and forth to stimulate me. I moved my hands to her thighs, her firm athletic thighs, so smooth from being waxed.  

I worked higher and her movements became more obvious, more urgent. My fingers finding their way higher to the pinnacle of their juncture. Our hands touching and her eyes flew open. No words, just a nod. grabbing my wrist to force my hand against her sex. The heat of her desire burning fiercely, accentuated even against the heat of the water. Her sex slick from her own passion, my fingers easily finding their way. 

A deep, passionate moan escaped from her. Her clitoris engorged under my thumb, the centre of her yearning, the one spot that put me in control of her, to take her to a place of ecstasy. I wanted this woman and my own tumescence wanted to find her sweet spot.

I pulled her to me. He legs splayed beside me. Kneeling. Exposed. I drank in her body. Those eyes, letting me see her soul. Those breasts moving as her chest heaved. The line of her stomach, no ounce of fat. The grail of womanhood, pink, puffy. A little patch of short hair distinguishing her as a woman, not a child, not a porn star. A woman. A woman who knew her sexuality. 

My cock pointing to the entrance to nirvana. Our eyes lock, her hands on my face, leaning in to kiss me. Down came her hips, her lips on mine, her lips around the tip of my shaft. I gasped at the intense heat, and the sensation of her, and then down again as I fully impaled her. Our lips parting as she let out a deep moan. 

Foreheads together, my hands around her waist, her hands around my face, I lift her and down she comes again. Eyes locked. Up and down, up and down. A smile, a giggle, a moan. Then faster, more urgent. The passion rising as the glorious climax of our unity crescendos over us. Together, the rush of our release washing over us like a tsunami. Lauren holding on to me, crush me to her chest as if she is holding on for dear life in the storm we have created. 

Then the tranquility the drop down into the sweet hum and afterglow of the passion that raged before. Little gasps and moans as the aftershocks rock through us. Until the calm descends. the warm water soothing us. Our bodies still entwined. We lie in a blissful serenity. Memories of what just happened. Thoughts of the joys to come.