 Chapter 3: Devaki visits Mala in Coimbatore Again

Devaki was once again visiting Coimbatore to attend her best friend Mala's marriage. Her passionate coupling with Uncle Venkat during her last visit two years ago did not in any way come in the way of their friendship. The intervening years seemed to have flown with only mobile chats, sms, and e-mails with her friend Mala. 

Once in a while she got to talk to Uncle Venkat when he was next to Mala when they were conversing. Even through the cell phone she could feel the tingle in her pussy when she heard his gentle but rasping voice. At times she had the immense urge to go uninvited to Coimbatore and meet up with him for an intense bout of passionate sex. 

But with her hubby and growing child she perforce had to suppress these feelings and get on with her monotonous life with her husband and children. Her energetic son however kept her so busy that her libidinous thoughts about Uncle Venkat were far and few. 

Mala went abroad to London for a diploma in geriatric care and returned home only about 3 months ago. 

Since Mala was her best friend, she invited Devaki to Coimbatore a week before the marriage date to be with her and over see the preparation and help her in bridal selections etc. 

Since her son was having holidays it wasn't difficult for Devaki to leave him in nanny's care and go to Coimbatore a week in advance. This opportunity to go to Coimbatore to see her best friend and Uncle Venkat thrilled her no end. 

Her hitherto dormant feelings grew wings and started their flutter. With a great sense of anticipation Devaki caught an evening flight to Coimbatore. The one hour or so flight seemed like an eternity to her. She landed at Coimbatore by 7 pm and proceeded to Mala's house, not very far from Coimbatore airport. 

As soon as she landed she got a call from Mala that she was going away for the night on some important job and will be back the next afternoon after lunch and that Devaki should go home and take the key from the neighbour. Devaki asked Mala about her dad and came to know that he too was away and would be home the next morning. She took the key from the neighbour and as per Mala's written instructions went to the first floor guest room.

She had a wash in a leisurely fashion. Rang up her home and talked to her son. She also gave some instructions to the nanny. Since her hubby had come home she greeted him also. 

Thereafter she went down to the kitchen to have a warm cup of milk and eat fruits, clad only in her terry towel bathrobe thinking that she was all alone in the house . 

However, on entering, to her utter surprise she found Uncle Venkat, bent over the gas range trying to boil milk clad only in his dhoti. On hearing her foot steps he turned around and was equally surprised to see her. 

They looked at each other and Uncle Venkat said "hello daughter" and Devaki responded accordingly. 

Without being consciously aware they had moved close to each other. Devaki was exited to see Uncle Venkat's broad chest naked for the first time and so was Venkat in seeing Devaki in a robe. In their earlier two sexual encounters both were only partially naked. 

In spite of two years separation the old dormant sexual spark between them rekindled by itself and with a sigh Devaki went and hugged Uncle Venkat and buried her face on his gray chest hair. Uncle Venkat too put his arms around her and crushed her to himself. Devaki could smell his pleasant after shave and his manliness. It was a heady feeling. 

At the same time she could feel Uncle Venkat's manhood pressing against her belly button. She lifted her face to look at him and Uncle Venkat brought his lips crushing on to her lips. She opened her lips and greedily entwined her tongue with Uncle Venkat's. His rough face added to her desire. Devaki's insides turned liquid and her legs almost gave way. But for Uncle Venkat's strong arms, she would have collapsed. 

Uncle Venkat's earlier feelings of guilt had vanished. When his rough lips locked on to Devaki's it tasted of sweet peppermint. He thought in wonderment as to how such a young girl whom he had seen growing up in front of him could kindle such an incredible sexual response from him. He gave himself to this wonderful sensuousness without any inhibitions. 

He felt Devaki's nipples harden through the robe and this inflamed him further. His penis seemed to have a mind of its own and was hardening with lust against her belly. Without unlocking his lips, his right hand opened her robe with a jerk and pushed it off her shoulder. The robe slipped down and he realized that she had nothing on underneath. Devaki was in seventh heaven with her lips locked on to Uncle Venkat's. When the robe opened and slipped down, her bare nipples rubbed against his hairy chest and this inflamed her insides further. 

Not to be left behind, she fumbled at his waist and opened his dhoti. She too realized that he was buck naked when his hairy manhood rubbed her navel. 

Both of them unlocked their lips and took a step back to admire each others nakedness at arms length. This was the first time they were seeing each other in the buff. Uncle Venkat feasted his eyes on her red swollen lips, pert breasts, her flat tummy and her pubis which was covered with trimmed silky hair. 

She on her part visually drank in his broad chest with soft gray hair, well muscled abs, biceps and strong thighs. His penis which had given her such enjoyment in their earlier meetings was jutting like a flag pole from a thick patch of partly gray hair.

With a slight nod Uncle Venkat took a step towards Devaki and with his hands under her armpits lifted her in one smooth motion. Her silky underarm hair drove him mad with desire. 

Devaki by pure instinct lifted her legs, wrapped them around his waist and her hands went around his neck. Her pert bottom was thus resting on his penis which was hard and horizontal. By now his penis and her pussy were wet with their own secretions. 

Uncle Venkat lifted Devaki thus freeing his cock from its horizontal position to rest at 60 degree position between them. Even without having to look down Devaki adjusted her legs and slowly slid down his waist. Like a perfectly crafted and well oiled piston and cylinder his fully erect penis entered her cunt. Both of them shuddered when it was fully in and clung to each other. Once again their lips were locked to each other. 

They were content to remain locked like this at top and bottom for a while. Their eyes were exchanging their unbridled lust for each other. 

Devaki slowly disengaged her lips with a reluctant sigh and started to move up and down on his manhood. 

Thus freed, Uncle Venkat looked around the kitchen and found the granite topped dining table a couple of feet away. Holding her waist to still her pistoning movement, he slowly closed the table and rested his buttocks on it. Thereafter he freed her waist so that she could once again continue her up and down movement. 

Devaki gradually increased her tempo and within minutes had a massive orgasm. Uncle Venkat too was not far behind. He too let himself loose and erupted into her. This surprised the hell out of them. Uncle Venkat remained hard in her and her cunt in response kept making squeezing movements on his penis. Once again their lips locked and both remained still in the after glow of their respective violent orgasms. 

Devaki could feel his semen slowly seeping out of her pussy as Uncle Venkat's penis started to grow soft. She unlocked her lips and then her legs from around his waist and slid down to stand on the floor with trembling legs. She had to lean onto him to remain steady. 

Except for the initial greetings exchanged when she entered the kitchen only their bodies talked to each other in an unbridled lusty fashion. She buried her face on his chest and sighed. 

He lifted her chin with his finger and staring into her eyes said for the first time "magale(daughter in Tamil), it was wonderful and I am not able to rein in my emotions when you are near me". 

She shushed him and told him that "Uncle this feeling is mutual and lets not feel guilty about it". 

He was amazed at her poise and nodded his head with emotion. He told her that whenever they were alone she should call him Venkat and not Uncle. 

She nodded her head and disentangled herself from him and bent down to pick up her robe and his dhoti from the floor. She cleaned her legs of his semen and cleaned his penis with his dhoti. She then kissed the tip of his limp manhood. 

Still buck naked she told him to sit at the dining table so that she could make light dinner for both of them. 

Her raunchiness elated him and his penis started to harden. He opened his arms for her to come near him. She like a school teacher told him to relax and went to boil milk and cut fruits for both of them. He like a kindergarten child obeyed her. 

He enjoyed watching her naked and couldn't control his erection at all. She served a light dinner for him and with her cup in her hand came and sat on his lap cuddling herself against his half erect penis. Without any words both of them finished drinking their milk quickly. 

She now asked him about his presence at home since he was to have been away and was expected only the next morning. 

He told her that his work was over in the afternoon itself and he came back to Coimbatore to surprise Mala. Since he had the spare house key he had no problem in entering the house. He too didn't realize that she was at home as Mala hadn't told him about her arrival. Their meeting like this, when no one around was wonderful. Devaki couldn't agree with him more. 

Her cell phone rang then and it was Mala calling her to find out about her arrival and if she had settled down comfortably. She winked at Venkat and mouthed Mala's name to him and felt deliciously wicked sitting on her best friend's dad's lap, that too buck naked and chatting with her. 

Venkat too was enjoying this. She got off his lap and picked up their clothes and he picked her up in his strong arms and walked out of the kitchen. She hung on to his neck and when he pointed his chin at the stairs to indicate he wanted to go upstairs to his room, she nodded her assent.

Like a newly married bride, Venkat carried Devaki to his bed room on the first floor without much difficulty. Devaki was relatively light and Venkat was strong. 

Devaki had her left hand around his neck for grip and her right hand wrapped around his shaft like a glove. It quickly became fully erect. As soon as they entered his bedroom, Venkat proceeded to the bathroom and put her down under the shower. 

Without a word he opened the shower and both of them started to soap each other. She lovingly soaped his erect penis and washed it thoroughly. He too gently soaped her breasts and her cunt. They both rinsed themselves of soap and hugged each other. 

Venkat sat at the edge of the bath tub, pulled Devaki close and started to suck her already erect nipples. Devaki's cunt was on fire and dripping wet by now. Venkat's cock was once again rampant and raring to enter her. He got up and gently turned her around and Devaki unlike the last time under stood his intentions of entering her from behind. She bent down at her waist with her hands being supported by the bath tub and quivered with anticipation for his penis to enter her dripping hole.

Venkat obliged her at once. Devaki felt great when he was fully in and started to slowly fuck her. She felt like a mare being serviced by a stallion. Since their first orgasm in the kitchen they had sufficiently recovered to go at it languidly. 

Her pert little buttocks fitted perfectly between his strong thighs. His rough hands cupped her breasts from behind and gently started to squeeze her nipples. He felt a completeness in himself with his naked thighs against her buttocks, feeling her warmth, her lithe and lean body responding to his thrusts, hard yet soft. 

Their ardour slowly increased and his tempo started to pickup. Devaki was in a ecstatic state and her orgasm started to buildup. 

He felt his cock swell inside her and with a strong thrust from him she came shouting his name "Venkat fill me......eee". 

Venkat was in no hurry and was bent on making her having multiple orgasms before he climaxed. Without taking his cock out, he slowly turned Devaki around and sat on the edge of the tub. Devaki had both her legs on the floor with Venkat's thighs between her spread legs. She was still impaled on his cock from behind and literally sitting on his lap. 

With both her hands on his muscular thighs, she moved up and down on his shaft. In this position Venkat's full length was rubbing against her clitoris. 

His hands were once again on her breasts squeezing them. Her orgasmic sensations started from the tip of her toes and slowly traveled up her leg on to her groin and cunt. She started to come and it seemed to her that it will never stop. Venkat continued to pump in and out. Devaki started to scream with abandon.

She was 26 years old and in her 6 years of marriage she had never experienced such sensations. She too was awed that some one three decades older than her can bring her to such a blissful state. As soon as she thought that one orgasm was over, another started to build up. 

Venkat too was finding it difficult to contain himself. He told Devaki that he can't wait any longer and he felt as if his cock was growing larger. He erupted like a volcano and simultaneously Devaki also had a massive orgasm. They both sat like that for a while enjoying the after glow of their explosive lovemaking. When both their ardours cooled they disengaged themselves and once again bathed each other and thereafter dried themselves.

It was 10:30 pm and Venkat told her to sleep with him in his bedroom. Devaki had no hesitation agreeing to this. If he hadn't asked her, she would have proposed the same. 

They both laid down cuddling each other. Two bouts of love making after more than two years gap had left them pleasantly tired, but not sleepy as yet. 

Devaki marveled at his stamina and told Venkat so. He told her that it was only with her that he was able to achieve this and feel like a twenty year old. 

Devaki talked about her child and her husband whose libido was nothing to write home about. 

Venkat shushed her with a kiss and told her to stop comparing and enjoy herself when she got the chance. He too talked about his late wife and how he missed her. He confessed that during their previous meet two years ago he did feel guilty and thought he was taking advantage of her. When he realized that their feeling towards each other was mutual with out any strings attached he stopped feeling guilty and wholeheartedly enjoyed their lovemaking. 

She also told him that from pitying him she started to really lust for him and felt no shame. 

Whilst they were thus talking, her soft hands were caressing his chest, nipples and slowly down to his penis. She took his prick in her hand and started fondling it gently. Devaki slid down the bed towards Venkat's rigid lance of cock-meat jutting out from his crotch and she gasped with raw, cunt-churning excitement. Her lips parted and her tongue flicked out, moistening them. 

His prick, fat and swollen with lust for the girl, bobbed only a few inches from her mouth. As he watched her, her head tilted forward. Her lips, soft and wet, brushed against the straining head of his prick. A jolt of pleasure sizzled through his loins. His cock jerked and twitched with anticipation. And, again, she kissed the thick crown of his cock, moaning with excitement as she once more made his cock jerk and twitch. 

She gripped the throbbing shaft of his cock and her tongue touched the little slit at the center of the prick-head. When her tongue moved back, its tip was coated with one of the pearly cum-drops that oozed from his prick. She stuck her tongue out again and this time it washed over the sensitive surface of his prick. She coated his cock with the warm moisture from her mouth. Then her lips spread wide and even wider. 

When her face dropped back to his crotch, she quickly swallowed up most of his prick. Her nostrils flared wide as she took even more of his prick into her mouth. Her lips clamped tightly around his stalk of cock and she moved her face up and down on his big, hard prick. Devaki slid her mouth up and down, up and down, finding an easy, natural rhythm that brought fire to Venkat's groin. 

His hips swayed back and forth as he shoved his prick in and out of her face, fucking her mouth with his cock. Every cell and nerve-ending in her body tingled with fuck-lust and an ocean of cunt-juice flowed in her hot pussy. His prick was hard and rigid inside her mouth. 

Her head bobbed up and down as on his cock. She swallowed, drinking down the mixture of saliva and pre-cum. Her tight lips slid up and down the throbbing shaft of his prick. Her tongue licked out hard and her mouth sucked eagerly, impatient for that exciting moment when Venkat would dump his load of cum down her throat. 

Looking down at his cock-sucking friend of his daughter Venkat groaned. His legs trembled with the rush of sensations the young girl's mouth was giving him. She nibbled a bit on the fat slab of cock-meat in her mouth and he groaned again with pain and pleasure. 

Devaki sucked harder, her cheeks hollowing deeply, bringing him more pleasure than pain now. 

"Ohhhh, yeah, baby", he moaned huskily. 

She whipped her stiff tongue around his stiff cock and he shook all over with pleasure. He jerked and twitched as his prick slid over her tongue and halfway down her throat. He knew that he was about to come and he longed for the special thrill he would feel when he came down Devaki's sexy throat. 

His balls were on fire with desire. But he clamped down with all his might, holding back the flood of cum that churned within his nuts. He licked his lips excitedly as he watched his prick move in and out of her lovely, young face. 

Then, as he pulled out of her mouth, her cheeks sank inward, waiting for his next mighty fuck-thrust. The spongy knob of his prick nudged at the back of her throat now. Her nostrils flared again as she sucked in her breath to avoid gagging. Harder and harder she sucked, gobbling up the fat prick-meat that invaded her mouth. 

She took Venkat's cock into her face deeper and deeper, her lips slipping closer and closer to the base of his prick. She licked and sucked, igniting a raging fire that spread throughout his body. She sucked hard, drawing him as deeply as she could into her mouth. Then she let him slide down her throat. And still she sucked thrilled to hear the lust-filled groans that were constantly flowing from him. 

She felt the base of his cock-shaft swell and sensed that he was about to come. Her own body trembled as she felt his prick jerk crazily inside her mouth. She sucked harder, pulling on him, milking him. She licked wildly, whipping his prick with her tongue. 

And he came, with his hot scalding cum blasting into her mouth. His jism splashed over the roof of her mouth and coated her entire tongue and the inner walls of her cheeks. Hot gush spurted from his twitching cum-slit. 

"Commmiiinnngggg"! Venkat cried. 

Her mouth was flooded with the thick, sticky goo from his orgasm and she swallowed. Then she swallowed again and again, drinking down the cream of his come. Then she sucked his spurting prick some more. 

"Ohhhhh, God"! Venkat shouted. 

He groaned with relief as he emptied the last of his cum down her rapidly swallowing throat. 

Then Devaki moved up and kissed Venkat with passion. Now she had her loving Venkat's cum both in her belly and her womb. She looked longingly at him and said, "I love you very much".

