 I was upset, it doesn't really matter what about but I was very upset. That meant Dave. Not for sex, though he did have a nice body. You know how there are some people you only think of as friends. Dave was like that and he was a great listener despite having to do it all day when he was at work as a psychiatric nurse.

I phoned him, hoping he wasn't doing a late shift. He wasn't and just as importantly wasn't working the next day. An hour later he was holding me as I sobbed. It was then that the thunderstorm started, though I hardly noticed at first. I had told Dave what it was all about and he had said the right things, held me like a dad or brother and my tears had started to ease up a bit. 

I hadn't realised how long I had been talking for. It was gone midnight. I would have to get a taxi. "Why don't you sleep in the spare room?" He asked. Looking at the rain which was so heavy a deep breath could have led to drowning I agreed. "I can lend you a T-shirt if you want something to wear." Again I accepted. I always sleep naked but the shirt would do for walking around to the loo etc.

I was answering Dave with nods and one word answers. I guess after four ours of talking I was talked out. I accepted the offer of using the shower and when I came out there was a large mug of hot chocolate waiting for me. Dave then used the bathroom himself and emerged soon afterwards wearing a towel around his midriff. 

I was a bit surprised at how muscular he was. He didn't tend to wear clothes that showed his body to best advantage. I guess he had been doing circus skills classes for sixteen years and that was bound to produce some muscles.

Half an hour later, Dave hugged me and kissed me on the forehead before bidding me goodnight. I briefly wondered as I made my way to my room for the night what effect my nipples against his bare chest with just his t-shirt between had had on him. The next thought I had was that I must be feeling better to be even thinking that!

I lay for some time just watching the lightning, something I had always enjoyed as a child. I don't know how long I lay there, naked on top of the bed but I must have dozed off for a bit because I was woken by an almighty bang and when I opened my eyes the tree fifty yards down the garden was ablaze, having been struck by the lightning. At the same time, every car alarm in the street and for all I knew many streets around was sounding. Suddenly I didn't want to be alone. 

I walked through to the room where I imagined Dave must also be awake. I didn't put the light on and it wasn't till I had entered his room that I realised I hadn't put on the shirt he lent me.

I made my way quietly to the side of the double bed where he lay under a single sheet in the humid summer heat. 

"Can I sleep with you?" I asked.

"Of course." He answered and rolled over to make room for me. I slipped in and realised he also slept naked. Strange, I had him down as either a briefs or boxers man. Had I not been exhausted I think I would have seduced him then. As it was I snuggled up close and finally slept through the rest of the storm.

When I awoke to the sun on my face I was aware of Dave's arm around my waist. His slow breathing indicated he was still asleep but I was aware of his early morning woody. I moved his hand to my left tit. Not so much because I was thinking of sex but just because it felt comforting. 

It was some minutes later that Dave awoke. He moved his hand, probably a little embarrassed. I moved it back and he took the hint and started to gently squeeze. I felt my nipples hardening and lower down the bed something else was getting harder. At the same time I could feel my juices starting to flow. 

I noticed a speeding up of his breathing, and my own for that matter. We didn't speak but Dave gently rolled me onto my back and started kissing me. He started with my forehead and made his way down covering every part of my face and neck before moving further south. My pussy was desperate for attention now but Dave ignored it, spending a long time on my small firm breasts before covering every square inch of my flat belly.

He bypassed my pleasure centre and moved down to my feet and gave my legs the same treatment before he eventually started kissing my vaginal lips. I lifted my hips up to meet him and he started to feast on my juices which were flowing freely by now. His tongues swirled around before pushing deep inside me. I have never had a tongue that far inside me before. Then he took my clitoris between his lips and started to suck and nibble on it while brushing it gently with his tongue. 

I started to thrust my hips up into his face and my breathing became more ragged as my cunt muscles started to spasm with one of the best orgasms I have ever had. He didn't stop but kept exploring my dripping pussy with his tongue, lips and now he added his fingers which pushed deep inside me.

He must have sensed that I was getting close. (Not hard as I had started to thrust my hips up again. Dave moved back up the bed, taking my nipples between his lips on the way before moving up to kiss my lips, pushing his tongue between them as he did so. I tasted myself on him and that just made me even hornier. 

I took hold of his cock and guided it into my waiting hole which was more than ready. He was bigger than I was used to, especially after not getting any for over a year. I was so ready though that once he was all the way in I came after only four or five thrusts. He gasped a little as my muscles contracted so tightly on him and he stopped thrusting but just stayed deep within me, feeling my orgasm. 

We rolled over, still joined as one to let me go on top. I straddled Dave as he took my breasts in his hands as I rode him. Not in a frenzy but with long slow strokes, savouring the feel of his dick in my fanny. I don't know how long it was but when I felt myself getting close again I reached down for my clitoris and Dave started to thrust up against me and get deeper still inside me. 

Suddenly we were both cumming. It was amazing! Dave took his hands from my tits and held me tight, his hands around the base of my spine pulling me onto him as far as was possible as jet after jet of his hot cum painted my insides. 

"God I've missed that!" I said. The first words either of us had spoken since I got into Dave's bed.

"Me too!" He answered with a smile. My vagina was still twitching in the last throes of its orgasm and while his penis might have shrivelled back to it's normal size, he was still inside me and I wanted it to stay that way for as long as possible.

We talked a bit about why both us had been for so long without getting any and then about anything and everything, though the talk would keep returning to sex and when after a while I started squeezing him with my well used by now muscles he rose to the occasion without ever leaving me. One more bout was all all I could manage though as I started to get sore after that. I knew however that it would be far from the last time we made love and that I was going to do a lot more talking!