 Denise was, without a doubt, the sweetest girl I had ever met; she was so nice and thoughtful I don't think she was even capable of being mean to anyone. Usually I find people like that irritate me a bit, I mean nice is great but no one is happy all the time. There was something different about Denise though and we became good friends. 

She was an extremely good looking Irish girl with milky white skin and dark brown hair, and she had a nice figure with decent curves and a gorgeous smile. I noticed how attractive she was from the first time we met but because she was so sweet and innocent, I guess I never really thought of her in a sexual way.

When we were first getting to know each other, I found out that Denise had spent most of her life in a small town in Ireland and had only moved a few months ago for a job offer. This didn't surprise me too much but then I found out she had a boyfriend back in Ireland. I know long distance relationships work for some people but it seemed strange to me that she didn't really seem too bothered about it. She said they had been together for years but she said it with such little emotion, I got the feeling that it was one of those relationships of circumstance that was just comfortable for them both. Plus, I got the impression that she had led quite a sheltered life, and the way she described it I really don't think there were many boys in her home town. 

Anyway, it was none of my business and I really didn't want to push it until we knew each other better so I dropped the subject, but then a few months later I was working late when I got a call from Denise sounding very angry. She told me that basically her boyfriend had broken up with her and she needed someone to talk to, and that she would explain later. I had set up my own business a few years earlier and was doing quite well so I had a big office and knew I was there alone until the next morning so I told her to come over to talk. She arrived shortly after and my immediate impression was that she seemed more angry than upset. I got out the bottle of whiskey I kept in my desk, mixed hers with a coke, and handed it to her to try and calm her down as she ranted about her scumbag boyfriend. She explained that he had sent her an email to say that he had been seeing another girl back in Ireland and that they were getting married. Totally out of the blue, he was not only dumping her by email (which is a cowardly thing to do anyway) but he was marrying some other girl. What an arsehole. 

Now that she had got everything off her chest, Denise seemed to calm down a bit and she apologised for ranting at me. She was stood in front of my desk so I wheeled my chair slightly closer and touched her leg reassuringly, telling her that it was absolutely fine, but I couldn't help but question something. I had seen women get dumped before, I had broken up with a few girls myself, and usually I was met with tears, why wasn't she more upset? When I asked her, she thought about it for a minute while I refreshed our drinks and then finally admitted that if she was honest, she didn't really love him. They had been together for so long, they had grown up together and were each other's' first relationship, she had just kind of assumed that they would always be together. 

That made a lot more sense now, it wasn't a real relationship, they were childhood sweethearts who had just stayed together because they had no reason not to. That explained why she didn't seem that bothered about living in a different country and why he had found someone else now that he had the opportunity. At that point, as I looked up at her leaning against my desk, it struck me how gorgeous she was. I knew she was gorgeous but somehow now I saw her a little differently; she was wearing shorts that showed off her smooth milky white legs and the curves of her firm arse, and a tight top that stretched over her boobs. Her face was stunning and she had such a sweet innocent smile framed by her long brown hair. She had little pink and white trainers on her tiny feet that made her look even more adorable and innocent. 

I think the whiskey had helped relax Denise a lot by this point as she looked down and quietly said "I can't believe I let him be my first... you know." I didn't know how to respond so I hesitated for a few seconds and she continued, almost under her breath, "I wasn't even any good at it..." I was slightly taken aback by that and when I pressed her, she nervously explained that the few times they had done 'it', it was over really quickly and it hadn't felt good at all. She said it was awkward and he made her feel bad for not enjoying it more. I couldn't believe what I was hearing and I started to get mad; not only was this guy shit in bed but he had made Denise think it was her fault. Not only that but she had moved to another country thinking they were still together so she didn't have any experience with anyone else, she was loyal to this guy who made her feel bad that he couldn't last long enough to satisfy her. What a loser. 

I don't know what came over me as it was probably really inappropriate but I practically jumped out of my chair and stepped in close to Denise, planting my lips on hers and kissing her deeply. She responded and reached around my waist to hold me tight and when I broke away from her, I pulled her top up over her head and stood back for a second to stare at her perfect breasts encased in a black bra. She made no attempt to stop me and smiled meekly at me so I said "you have no idea how sexy you are, let me show you how it's supposed to feel." Her smile widened and she nodded enthusiastically so I stepped back in to kiss her again, and groped her breasts with one hand while squeezing her arse with the other. When I sensed that she was sufficiently turned on, I slid my hand down to the front of her shorts and unzipped them while moving to kiss her neck. 

She let out a load groan before I had even got my hand into her panties and when I did finally slip my fingers down through her bushy public hair, I felt her legs relax slightly and her weight rest harder on my desk. When I reached her pussy, it was already soaking wet and I teased her slightly by tracing my finger around her lips and up and down her slit until she clasped the back of my shirt and pulled me tightly against her body. I didn't bother undressing her any further at that point, I wanted get her off as soon as possible so I slipped my finger inside her and found she was so tight it felt like her lips closed around my knuckle. I eventually managed to get another finger in (just barely) and pressed my thumb against her clit, and in no time at all, she was writhing against my hand and screaming into my neck as she came. 

When I slowly pulled my fingers out of her and stepped back, she gasped "that was incredible, I've never felt that before." She was still leaning with her arse on the desk but now had her shorts open and her black panties on display, her breasts heaving up and down in her bra as she tried to get her breath back. "You mean you don't, you know" I questioned, nodding towards her waist. 

She took a second to catch my meaning and replied "what myself you mean? No, never." 

Wow, I couldn't believe this stunning young woman didn't masturbate and had only ever been with one guy who by the sound of it, never made her cum. Even if I wasn't any good in bed, I would still show her the time of her life. As it happened, I thought I was fairly competent so I confidently started to unbutton my shirt as I said "well then, you're gonna enjoy this." 

She giggled sweetly and asked "are you gonna do that again, do you want me to take my shorts off." I took my shirt off, sat back down in my chair, and said. "That's a good idea, but start with the bra." She smiled again and took another big gulp of her drink before reaching around and unclipping her bra, and as she dropped it from her chest, I saw her perfect round tits for the first time. 

I had her pose for me and tweak her own nipples for a while before pulling her shorts down to reveal sexy French knickers, but I made her leave her trainers on and when she finally pulled her knickers off, she stood in her pink shoes looking adorably inexperienced. She obviously hadn't considered shaving and had a nice full bush of dark pubic hair covering her pale white skin. She wasn't too hairy but it turned me on that she was so innocent that it hadn't occurred to her to shave it. 

I stood up and kissed her again, and as soon as my hand made contact with her wet pussy, she grunted and thrust her hips against it. She was so horny I could tell this was going to be easy so I led get over to the sofa against the wall of my office and laid her on her back before kissing my way down her body. When I reached her pussy, I parted her legs and began to kiss the inside of her thigh, intending to tease her before I ate her out, but I couldn't wait any longer and soon dove between her legs, planting my mouth around her clit and then licking up and down her lips. Almost immediately, she started to go wild, clamping her thighs tightly around my head and moaning and panting loudly. By the time I pushed my tongue all the way up insider her, she was already having the second orgasm of her young life and screaming in pleasure.

As she came down from her orgasm, I didn't let up; I reached a hand up to squeeze her breasts while she ran her fingers through my hair and clenched her fist so tight it hurt my scalp. I was amazed at how quickly I was able to lick and suck her to her third orgasm and finally she released my head and lay back with her legs spread open, gasping. As she sat up, I looked up at her and she smiled and said "I can't believe you did it with your mouth, that was amazing." It didn't surprise me that no one had eaten her pussy before but I loved how innocent she was that she didn't seem to know that was a thing. I assured her I wasn't finished yet and moved up to kiss her tenderly, which she did for a few seconds before giggling and whispering "that's so naughty, I can taste myself." I kissed her again and lightly ran my hand all the way up her leg to her sopping wet pussy and when I pulled away again, she softly asked "are you... are you gonna go inside me?"

I smiled and asked "do you want me to?" She only thought for a second and then nodded so I kissed her again and ran a finger over her clit, making her gasp. Then as I stood up to refresh our drinks, Denise gasped loudly and cried "oh my goodness, is that what I think it is?" I looked down to see my cock making a tent in the front of my trousers and then just smiled up at her as she said "It can't be that big surely." 

To be honest I'm not huge, maybe a little above average, but I guess her ex had a tiny cock as well as being an arsehole. I confidently unbuckled my belt and she stared open mouthed as I dropped my remaining clothes to the floor. She stood up from the sofa as I handed her drink to her but she didn't look at me, her eyes were fixed on my dick jutting out in front of me. She took another quick sip of whiskey and coke and reached out to gently stroke my cock, gasping again as she touched it. 

She eventually looked up at me and with a look of part concern and part excitement she said "I don't think it's going to fit is it?" It seemed so sweet that she was concerned, I don't think a girl had ever genuinely thought that my dick wouldn't fit inside her before so I asked if she had any

kind of lotion in her hand bag. As it turned out, she had hand cream, which was perfect but she was totally bemused that it would help so I just told her to trust me. I lubed up my cock and then laid her back down on the sofa and gently parted her legs as I pushed the head of my cock up to the lips of her wet pussy. I asked if she was ready and she nodded again so I gently pushed forward and immediately realised that wasn't enough to get inside her tight hole. I held the tip of my dick and pushed harder against her opening until suddenly the head popped inside her and she gasped again. I asked if she was okay and she panted "yes don't stop, just go slow."

I couldn't believe how tight her little pussy was, it took me several minutes to get my dick half way into her and let her adjust to the intrusion. I rested on top of her for a second to let her rest and get used to the feeling of my cock inside her and she whispered "you know you can't do your stuff inside me?" I smiled slightly at the innocent wording and replied "don't worry, I won't." As I pulled back just an inch or so and pushed back in, she gasped and gripped my shoulder before replying "do you need to stop?" I furrowed my eyebrow a little, slightly confused at the question and she said "it's okay, are you ready to finish?"

I didn't know whether to be amused or annoyed as I realised what she was saying; her ex obviously didn't last very long as she thought I would be ready to cum already. Her pussy felt incredible but I hadn't even got all the way inside her yet and I was taking it so slow I had barely moved. 

I pushed my cock forward again just slightly and reassured her that I was just getting started as I pulled back and started to gently fuck her tight hole. There was no way I could get all of my cock inside her but I eventually managed to get about two thirds of the way in and start a steady rhythm. I pulled one of her legs up and put it over my shoulder and as I started pumping in and out of her, I noticed that she still had her cute pink trainers on. By this time, she had a thin sheen of sweat on her forehead, sticking her hair to the sides of her head slightly. She looked amazing and as I sped up again, she panted "oh wow, I can't, I can't believe you're still going. I feel so full." 

I kept going for several more minutes before I pulled out of Denise's sweet pussy and she quickly asked "ooh are you ready now?" I just chuckled a little and took her hand, pulling her up and directing her on to her knees facing the back of the sofa. I couldn't help but take a second to admire her perfect round arse again before I stepped up behind her and pushed my cock back into her, slightly harder this time. It went in easier in this position and seconds after I plunged back into her, she started to pant and moan until she shouted "oh wow, it's happening, uh, again, aaahhh." By my count that was her forth orgasm so far so I was feeling proud of myself and started thrusting a little harder. I could feel my own orgasm approaching so I gripped her shoulder with one hand and groaned "does this feel good?"

She grunted and replied "it feels amazing, I never knew it could be like this." 

"Your pussy feels so good" I grunted "you're gonna make me cum." 

She sighed in pleasure again and grunted "yes, do it, I want to make you feel good." I pulled out of her again and roughly flipped her over so she was sitting on the sofa with me stood in front of her. She instinctively leaned back, presenting her incredible body and her pert boobs to me as I started rapidly stroking my cock. Within seconds, it shot out the first spurt of my cum that hit her neck and she flinched in surprise. I kept stroking and unloaded so much cum over her body that even I was surprised. When I was finished, it was coating her tits and running down her body, matting her bushy pubic hair as she ran a finger through it and giggled "I can't believe there's so much of it, that was so sexy." I took a minute to admire this stunning innocent woman, spread out on my sofa wearing just her tiny pink shoes with my cum running down her little body. 

I found some tissues and we cleaned up as best we could before getting dressed in slightly awkward silence. As I watched her bend away from me in her tight panties to pick up her shorts, my cock twitched again and I realised I had to get back inside that sweet body of hers, so I asked if she fancied another drink back at my place. She nearly jumped at the chance so we quickly made the short journey back to mine and she decided she needed a shower to clean up. We showered together and I ended up soaping up my cock and bending her over against the shower wall. This time I lasted even longer (to Denise's total amazement) and I fucked her to two more orgasms before I blew another load of cum all over her sexy arse cheeks. 

Somehow she looked even more adorable with wet hair and I couldn't help but eat her sweet pussy to another orgasm before we fell asleep. The next morning, I managed to bury my cock a little deeper inside her before I covered her soft public hair with my cum. 

By that point I think Denise had completely forgotten about her ex but we couldn't get enough of each other. For the next few weeks, we carried on fucking as often as we could and the best thing was that she was so new to everything, she was looking to me to guide her. She said she loved it when I 'did it with my mouth' and wanted to know if she could return the favour. Obviously she had no idea what she was doing so I coached her and in no time, I had her bobbing her mouth up and down on my cock like an expert. While I was watching her lick my balls I started to think what we could try next.