 My best friend Eddie recently died in a car crash. Everyone was devastated to say the least. Eddie's wife, Lynn, was besides herself. A few weeks had passed since the funeral and no one had heard from Lynn. My wife Kim was out shopping one Saturday morning. I thought I should go over and check on Lynn. I drove over and rang the doorbell to the house. Lynn answered and her eyes were red and wet.

"Can I come in?" I asked.

I barely walked into the house and Lynn had her arms around me and she was crying. I always hate situations like this. I never quite know what to say or do. I rubbed Lynn's back as she held onto me. When Lynn pulled away she looked at me and then she kissed me on the lips. I know I should have stopped it right there, but I didn't. Instead, we got into it. Lynn opened her mouth to me and our tongues touched. Lynn finally pulled away.

"Follow me," she said.

We walked back to the bedroom and Lynn stripped out of all her clothes. She got onto the bed and she parted her legs for me. I should describe Lynn for you. She has short, brown hair and she was a looker. Lynn was completely shaved down around her pussy. Lynn also had the kind of breasts I love. They were upturned nipples and at that moment, her nipples were erect. I had two choices that day. Either leave right then or stay with Lynn.

You guessed it. I got undressed and I got onto the bed with Lynn. Lynn didn't miss a beat. She motioned me to kneel above her face. She took hold of my dick and she brought it to her lips. I love getting oral, but my wife doesn't like giving it to me. We had more than one fight about it. Here was Lynn, on the other hand, taking me right down to the root. I was sliding my cock all the way down Lynn's throat. She was taking every inch of me. 

Lynn did finally pull away from my cock. 

"I need you to fuck me hard Rick," she said.

I always was attracted to Lynn. I had eyed up her body more than once, but I never acted on it. I never wanted to break up my friendship with Eddie. I got in between Lynn's thighs. Lynn reached out and guided my prick to her opening and I eased into her pussy.

"God, your cock is so big," she told me.

I am around eight inches in length. I guessed that my dead friend wasn't so big in the cock department. When I pushed my cock in the whole way, I held it there. Lynn worked her pussy muscles around me. She was squeezing my rod and getting into feeling me inside her tight hole. I soon began to feed her my cock. I would almost pull out and then slam my cock into Lynn's hole. Damn, was she vocal in bed.

"Go as hard as you can Rick!" she said.

I soon had my balls slapping against Lynn's ass. You could hear the sound of skin hitting skin. Lynn brought her legs up around my back. She was holding onto me for dear life as we fucked there on the bed. I have to say, I thought about my wife as I was fucking Lynn. Kim had gone cold on me as of late. I didn't know what had happened to make her feel this way. Now I was in bed with someone who wanted me badly. I kept driving my fat prick into Lynn. It was obvious she needed cock in the worst way now that Eddie was gone.

"I want you to cum in me Rick," Lynn told me.

I probably shouldn't have, but I gave it to her hard for a few minutes longer and then I lost control. I flooded Lynn's pussy with my love cream. Lynn clamped down hard and was milking my cum from me. I had a large amount saved up that day. I must have kept unloading for at least ten minutes or so. Lynn got every drop from my erect dick. I did finally get soft and I pulled my dick out. It made this popping noise as I took my cock away. We both collapsed on the bed for some time. Lynn finally got up and went into the bathroom.

Some minutes passed and Lynn came back. She had a wet cloth that she cleaned my dick with. After that she sat up on the bed.

"I need to tell you something Rick."

I asked her what it was.

"I'm not on the pill. Before Eddie died we were trying to have a baby. I'm sorry I should have told you, but I needed you to make love to me."

It felt like she slapped me on the face. 

"Please don't be angry," Lynn said.

What could I say now. The damage was done. Lynn reached over with her hand and she found my cock. She slowly started to stroke me. To my surprise my cock started to get hard once more. Like a fool, once my dick got hard, I took Lynn once more. I was on my back when Lynn climbed over top of me. She positioned my cock at her opening and then she slid down on my rod.

I was so damn horny that day. I was doing one stupid thing after another. Lynn would slam down hard on my groin and I would push up and give her all eight inches of my cock. I reached up and found her tits. I began to pinch Lynn's big nipples. That was when she began to have these convulsions. Lynn's pussy would open and close just like a small fist.

"Can you cum in me again Rick?" She asked.

I had no idea. I just kept feeding her cock until we both reached a climax. I did end cumming some more inside Lynn. It wasn't like the first time, but it was enough to push Lynn over the edge. Her body shook as I squirted more cock juice into her belly. We did finish and Lynn fell onto my chest. I held her in my arms as we tried to get calmed down.

Afterwards, Lynn asked me if I would continue to be her lover. I knew where things would be heading. I would get tired of my wife if I continued to fuck Lynn on a regular basis. She told me she wouldn't be going back to work for some time, if ever. Eddie had an insurance policy and she wouldn't lack for money. I left Lynn that afternoon and went home. My wife was waiting for me when I got back.

"Where were you?" She asked.

"I went over to see if Lynn was okay."

I told my wife that Lynn was starting to recover from Eddie's death. Kim was glad to hear that things were better with Lynn. All I could think of right then was Lynn and I fucking like crazy that morning. I knew I was going to keep on fucking my dead friend's wife and let the chips fall where they may.