 In hindsight, I should have known something was up when she suggested we sit in the theater balcony. It was an art-house film. One of those obscure movies that I normally love, and that only plays for a week in half-renovated, 70 year old movie theaters in college towns. Which also meant there were only six people in the audience. Seats were not at a premium.

I protested, though not very strongly.

"C'mon, it'll be fun." She grabbed my hand and started towards the once elaborately carpeted stairway.

Jill was not like any of the girls I had known before college. We had met two weeks earlier in an American History survey class. Sometime during the professor's first-day overview, between Cotton Mather's war on New England witchcraft and Paul Revere's midnight ride, she had settled into the vacant chair next to me in a flurry of college-rule notebooks and lilac body mist.

Within the week, we were study partners. By the first weekend of the term, she was planted on my lap in my dorm as her tongue worked its way from my earlobe to my lips while I tried to work out why such a gorgeous creature like her would even talk to a first-year history major with a slight astigmatism. To me, she wasn't just cute; she was jaw-dropping, head-cheerleader, Cover-Girl-next-door stunning. Add to that smart, funny, sassy, and utterly fearless, and you can probably understand how I spent most of my time just trying to keep up with her, all the while wondering when the dream was going to end.

As we made our way up the lavish, but neglected stairway, I couldn't help watching her cute butt swing seductively before me in perfect sync with the A-line bob of auburn hair that bounced across her delicate neck. The legs that extended below the hem of her shorts were tight and toned from countless miles of running, with that spectacular suppleness and hue of color that comes from the ideal combination of sunscreen and moisturizer. I could feel the slight pressure growing in my jeans as I stumbled up the stairs that she flew over two at a time.

She turned back and caught me gazing at her lower half and squeezed my hand a little harder.

"Let's go, pervert...move it,' she said under her breath, "We're going to miss the previews." She loved making fun of the previews, coming up with alternate titles for each of the films before they were revealed on the screen.

The house lights went down just as we reached the balcony. It was dark, pitch black, and I couldn't see anything as I felt my way along the rows of aging seats. Jill yanked and pulled me behind like she was wearing night-vision goggles. My eyes started to adjust a bit and I could see that the entire balcony was deserted. To be fair, the rest of the theater was pretty deserted as well, but this part was really empty. Jill paused and seemed to debate over which of the endless deserted rows she liked, quickly deciding on the fourth row back from the railing. She pulled me down next to her in the center of the row. Violating all theater arm-rest protocol, she threaded her arm between my elbow and chest and grasped my hand to interlock our fingers. She rested her head on my shoulder and let out a relaxed sigh. I marveled again at her display of affection and distantly realized I had no idea what the movie we were seeing was about, nor did I care. She was the most intoxicating person I had ever met.

After some playful kissing and snuggling, during which we made up impossibly absurd titles for the coming attractions, we settled into watching what turned out to be a dreary foreign film about an unfaithful wife and her clueless husband. Jill groaned in sarcasm and further encroached on the invisible arm-rest barrier between our seats. I didn't complain.

Midway through the first act – if you could call it that – the tepid dialog and snail's pace plot overwhelmed me and I felt myself starting to doze off. Jill elbowed me a couple of times, to little effect, and finally whispered in my ear.

"Need some help staying awake?"

"Maybe a needle in the leg...or a cattle-prod."

"I was thinking of prodding something else."

When she dropped her hand to my lap it felt like a jolt of electricity went through my crotch. Her breath was hot in my ear as she flicked her tongue across it.

"I think it's time we move the evening's plan forward," she whispered.

"Oh, so you have a plan," I stammered as she squeezed and began rubbing the growing bulge in my pants.

"Call it an idea," she licked my ear again." Something I want to try."

"So the balcony, the boring movie....all part of the plan?"

"Shhh," she giggled, "I didn't expect the movie to be this dreadful." She returned to kissing my neck. "I thought I might have to compete a little for your attention."

"Not very likely,' I whispered back.

"So I see."

The delicate scent of her perfume swirled around me just out of reach, teasing my senses each time she moved to kiss a different spot on my neck. The effect was hypnotic. Unbuttoning my pants, her nimble hand slid inside, and caressed and rubbed the increasingly strained front of my boxer shorts. She gently tapped my obvious erection a couple of times.

"You're a bad boy," she purred in my ear, "You haven't introduced us properly before."

"I....I don't r...r...really...have an excuse." I was having enough trouble just trying to think, let alone come up with a clever retort.

She gave another gentle squeeze.

"One rule," she whispered, "You can't come until I tell you."

"I'm not sure I can stop myself." I was already halfway there. The truth was I had pretty much been in a constant state of arousal since we met, something I was certain she knew going in to this situation. 

She stopped massaging me, "That's the rule. I get to do whatever I want to you. But you have to wait until I tell you, no matter what." To emphasize her control, she slid her hand further down and cupped my balls. I groaned.

She giggled again.

"Okay...two rules...you have to be quiet too."

"Christ, you mean we're staying here?"

"Uh huh," she stroked and squeezed the length of my shaft through the boxers, "The whole movie."

"You're crazy....you're going to kill me..."

She kissed and licked behind my ear, finding yet another trigger point. Her breath was warm and moist.

"Call it personal growth." 

I gasped, "Okay."

"Whatever I want." 

She started to stroke me faster through the fabric of my shorts

"Yes..."

"Not until I tell you..."

"Yes...anything..."

"Promise?"

"Yes!"

"Cross your..."

"Fuck...yes...please just...."

In one fluid motion, Jill drew her hand up the length of my barely contained erection and pulled the waistband of my shorts down and over as my cock sprang free. She already had me so worked up I almost lost it in that moment, but somehow managed to maintain a shred of control. Her delicate fingers traced along the underside of my cock a couple of times before she wrapped them around and gently stroked me. She repeated this sequence two or three times and whispered approvingly as my cock twitched and grew harder in her hand.

"Oh....such a good boy," she cooed, "Such a nice cock too, baby...so nice and hard for me."

She stroked me hard and fast until I thought I was going to explode. A tingling sensation along the length of my shaft meant that I was already approaching the point of no return. Just as I thought I couldn't take anymore, she took a fold of skin at the base of my cock and pinched, hard. I almost yelped and sat straight upright. In an instant, the stiffness in my cock subsided to the point where I could catch my breath.

"Good boy," she repeated. "Remember what I told you."

At this point I was lucky if I could remember my name. My head reeling, I struggled to concentrate. Was I really sitting here in public getting a hand job from the most enticing girl I had ever seen? I mean, I wasn't a virgin, and I had been with a couple of girls before getting to college. But shit like this didn't happen to guys like me...least of all with girls like her.

Jill gave me a couple of minutes to regain my composure and then started caressing my balls. She kissed me long and deep, her tongue gently flicking across the tip of my own. A couple of gentle squeezes and she was back with the little finger trick that caused my dick to twitch again. Her soft hand closed around my stiffening pole and she stroked me fast and hard. Her touch felt incredible and I fought to control myself.

"Fuck, you have a nice cock," she whispered, breaking our kiss. "...so glad I sat next to you in class that day....but I should have jumped your fucking bones earlier...."

I had never heard her swear before. Coming from her breathless voice, it drove me crazy and in a second my cock was hard as steel in her warm hand. I resigned myself to the fact that there was no way I was going hold out the entire movie, so I dropped my head back and gave in to the moment. She continued to jerk me madly until sensing that I was close again. Once more, she pinched me and stopped the impending eruption, backing me off the edge of the cliff.

This time she let me sit for quite some time while she rested her head on my shoulder and pretended to watch the movie. I was already dizzy, and the perverse excitement of possibly getting caught kept the tension at a high peak even as I struggled to slow my ragged breathing. 

Realizing that semi-hard was a soft as I was going to get, she began teasing me again. Stroking me slowly, she bent over me, stopping her mouth a bare inch from the tip of my hardening cock. She exhaled deeply on the head and let out a soft, seductive moan. The combination of her hot breath and erotic sounds had the exact effect she wanted. My cock shot straight to attention. Her lips grazed the tip, sending shivers through me. She exhaled hard again and moaned a little louder, this time flicking her tongue across me. I groaned. I wanted to thrust upwards and have her sweet mouth envelope my cock until I exploded, but a strong downward stroke from her held me in my chair.

"Shhh," she scolded me.

"Holy shit, Jill," I gasped, "I'm dying....please...."

She blew softly on the head of my cock. 

"Nope. Not yet," she whispered and repeated the divinely erotic act twice more.

My cock was so hard, it actually hurt. I was impossibly close to erupting in her mouth until, with one flick of the finger, she had backed me down again.

After that, the remainder of the movie was a blur. Half of the time, my head was thrown back in pained ecstasy as she performed different forms of exquisite torture with her mouth. The rest of the time, her tongue playfully explored my mouth as she jerked and stroked me until I would almost cry out.

I have no idea how many times she brought me to the brink, only to stop the inevitable in some inexplicable fashion. When the house light finally came up, I was delirious as I frantically tried to cram my swollen member back into my pants before the ushers began their customary sweep. Jill smiled wickedly at me, hopped up out of her seat and pulled me by the hand up the aisle past one of the ushers. I could barely walk a straight line as I tried to conceal my raging hard-on. 

When we got back to my building, she pressed her firm body against me and gave me a deep, romantic kiss.

"You go on in, I'll be right back."

I looked at her as if she were mad. 

"Are you kidding? You're leaving me like this, after what you just did to me for two hours?"

She laughed, "For a minute. I need something from my room. You'll live."

Doubting that I would, I watched her dash off across the quadrangle with a flirty wave. Confused and more than a little frustrated, I shook my head and rode up the elevator to my room on the sixth floor wondering what the possibility was that I would have to take matters into my own hands tonight. Jill was certainly affectionate enough....and skilled; God, was she skilled! But this latest twist in tonight's game had me wondering if she was just an incredibly adept tease. I consoled myself with the thought that at least I had the good fortune to receive a scholarship that allowed me enough to live alone. Either way, I wouldn't have to worry about a roommate intruding.

Inside, I decided to give Jill ten minutes. After that, all bets were off. I stripped off my jeans and changed boxers. The ones I had worn were wet and sticky with the pre-cum of countless near-orgasms. I finished pulling on the shorts and heard a soft knock at the door. When I opened it, Jill was standing in the hall wearing a long coat and heels.

Her hair was teased and styled wildly. Her makeup had been expertly augmented to accentuate her lovely green eyes and make her mouth even more sensual. The effect was stunning and exuded smoldering sexuality. I stood there dumbfounded. Holy fuck, she was hot!

"Are you two going to invite me in?"

I looked at her stupidly. Holding her coat closed with both hands, she glanced down at my crotch and then back up me at me with a devilish smile that turned me inside out. Only then did I realize my cock had sprung to attention through my shorts and was now rock hard, pointing directly at her. 

I stumbled back, not even attempting to conceal myself. She stepped inside and closed the door. Her incredible eyes focused on mine and froze me in my tracks. I could feel the intensity and heat from her stare boring into me, encompassing my whole being. It traveled down to my toes before racing in swirling waves back up and over me, into my chest. 

I was actually panting; breathless from anticipation, crazy with lust for the exquisite vision standing before me. I was harder than I could ever remember and vibrations began to build in my groin. They came faster and faster, moving in waves through my balls, and coursing along the shaft of my cock until I ached for release. Jill stepped towards me, never breaking her gaze. With one hand, she clutched the waistband of my boxers and tugged them over my ridiculously hard cock, letting them fall in a pool around my ankles.

With fluid ease, she opened the coat, let it fall behind her, and stepped closer, her gaze searing the air between us. She was wearing only a wispy pair of black lace panties, nylons, and heels. Between her flawless breasts, a sprinkling of glitter gleamed like jewels. She licked her lips and slowly drew her tongue across perfect white teeth. My heart jumped into my throat.

"Now!" she said huskily and fell to her knees, her eyes locked to mine.

The tidal wave of vibrations hit me all at once and I lost complete control. Ribbons of cum erupted from my bursting cock, landing on her neck and breasts. I groaned loudly as it splattered her chest in streams that I thought would never stop. She closed one hand around me and stroked, coaxing the cum from my jerking dick while cupping my sack in the other. My legs shook and I moaned even louder as my hips convulsed. She took me in her warm mouth and drained me as I struggled to catch my breath. I had never come that hard or that explosively before.

When she finally released me, I fell back into an armchair, thoroughly spent. Still on her knees, Jill slyly licked one of her fingers and held it to her mouth. She had never taken her eyes off mine throughout, but now her gaze was softer and playful. 

She traced her finger down between her breasts and drew across the streams of cum that had rolled over her flat tummy. 

"So that worked for you, I take it?" she asked sweetly.

"Uh...yeah," was all I could manage.

"Good," she said, slowly getting to her feet. She walked seductively towards me, the light dancing off her slick body. "Call it a 'coming attraction'."

The End