 It was dark in the bedroom all except for the moon that sent a blue hazy glow through the window and across the bed where Elaine lay. Her naked body and the heaving of her chest as she breathed was all that moved. The gentle slope of her breasts to her waist and the curves of her hips were open and invitingly seductive. Her long golden hair draped about her head and shoulders like a misguided halo on an angel of real flesh and bone. She waited for him. She had been waiting for him and would not allow the thought that he wouldn't come to her enter her mind.

Finally late in the night, the door opened slowly and there he stood tall, lean, firm in body and convicted in mind. His tight jeans and fitted white shirt only added the virility of this man with black hair that was long and pulled back in a ponytail. The cut of his jaw was square and his sharp features were enhanced by the moonlight and when he walked into Elaine's room and closed the door behind him the fate of both of them was sealed.

"You came back Tom," she whispered.

"I tried to stay away, but I couldn't," he replied hoarsely as he moved closer to the bed.

Elaine could feel his essence, that wonderful pheromone filled allure that could drive her mad, but she stopped him. 

"Now it's my turn," she said rising slowly onto her elbows. I want you to feel how I feel."

Tom stopped unsure of what she meant, but the heat between them was too great for him to question.

"I want you to undress for me," Elaine began and inserted her finger into her mouth sucking on it like it was his cock.

Tom watched intently as she sucked slowly on her finger in and out and he let out a low moan. She was teasing him, taunting him with her desire for control and at that point he knew he was under her spell.

"Take off your shirt," she said.

Tom unbuttoned his shirt, untucked it from his pants and slid it off his shoulders and tossed it on the floor. His wide shoulders and the breadth of his chest seemed to shine in the moonlight. Elaine got to her knees on the bed and traced her finger along his neck to his chest all the while inhaling the masculine essence that was his alone. 

"Now my love," she cooed. "Take off your pants so that I can admire that glorious cock of yours.

He didn't hesitate to do her bidding and in moments he stood naked before her. His cock so hard that the veins bulged from it and jerked when her belly brushed by it. She leaned back to admire him in all his masculinity with the head of his cock already dripping with precum and his balls tight and filled.

Elaine ran her hand over her breasts and twisted her nipples with her fingers all without taking her eyes off of him.

"Stroke it for me," she began with her lips wet with desire. "Stroke it as if you were in me right now."

Tom grunted as he wrapped his hand around his cock rubbing his palm over the rigid thickness. His thighs tightened as the sensation grew in him. He watched at her the way her body began to sway with desire. Her hips moving and gyrating as if he were already in her. He gritted his teeth as the rush to cum began to fill him. The urgency climbing up his shaft.

"Is it sweet baby?" she said lowly. "Does it feel good?"

Tom's eyes were glued on hers. The muscles in his neck and arms were tense, the feeling in his groin immense. The need to have her beyond reason.

"Is it me you want?" Elaine asked.

"You know it is," he said between gritted teeth.

"Good," she slyly said and turned over on the bed to her hands and knees with her ass pushed up waiting for him. "Now give it to me good," she ordered him.

Tom wasted no time climbing on the bed and mounting her. His cock was beyond rigid and hard, beyond waiting and wondering when to start or stop and dove deep into her hot, wet, slick, and swollen pussy. As if diving into a pool of warm butter, his cock penetrated her to the very depths of her soul. He grabbed her hips to hold on as his cock bucked inside of her relentless in its pursuit. Elaine's breasts bounced up and down and her hips jiggled as his cock slammed into her ass over and over again.

Tom pulled back her hair to see her face writhe and contort with her own desire. She wanted him. It was certain and that night he would make sure she wanted only him and no one else. She would be marked as his with his cock pumping her and the stream of cum that would erupt at any moment. 

"Tell me when," he said between ragged breaths.

Elaine reached under with her hand and began to rub her clit with her fingers furiously with intent. Her face was buried in the pillow and she bit the corner of it with her teeth. 

"Almost," she cried as her fingers rubbed. 

Tom threw his head back, "C'mon on baby. Cum now baby. I can't wait much longer."

His words were all that was needed and she cried out in exquisite agony as she erupted into an orgasm that shuttered through her body. Tom could feel it, feel her pussy pulsating against his cock and erupted as well like a volcano that had been seething and rumbling for weeks. The hot cum that shot from him burned through his cock and into her pulsating pussy filling it. Elaine cried out again as she felt his cum streaming into her. Again and again he shot his cum inside of her until the last drop oozed from its head and he slid from her pussy only to collapse next to her and she laid her head on his chest barely able to breath. They stayed there for several minutes with body intertwined with body. The sweet sensation of coming back to reality a gentle serene ride.

"I'm glad you came back," Elaine managed to say before drifting off.

"I would not have missed this for the world," Tom chuckled and fell asleep with her in his arms.