 The dinging of the seatbelt sign indicates your plane is approaching the runway. You wipe the drool from your mouth and realize you slept the entire plane ride back home but you just had some amazing erotic dreams. It all seems so real but you know it couldn't have happened that way although your throbbing cock wishes it had.

************************

You insert the key into the lock on the front entrance and swing open the door. You drag your luggage into the entry way and throw your keys onto the table. After quickly flipping through the pile of mail waiting on you, you head through the dark house to the bedroom. As you pass through the living room and reach over to turn off the lamp on the side table, you notice the voluptuous blonde of your recent dreams quietly sleeping on the couch. 

There was a glass of wine sitting on the table beside her and a book lying across her lap. She was stretched out on the couch with her red painted toes peeking out from under the blanket that covered her. You sit on the coffee table in front of her and just watch the beautiful woman before you sleep. How did you get so lucky to have this woman in your life?

She must have sensed you watching her because she started to stir. You try to catch the blanket as it slips off her lap, but the sight of pale thighs, sexy underwear and a thin cotton tank bring you actions to a halt. Her green eyes flutter open and she smiles as she notices you sitting there. 

"Hi Baby. I tried to wait up for you but I must have fallen asleep," she says as she sleepily stretches her arms above her head pulling her shirt tight against her nipples and up on her soft stomach. You can just make out the outline of her nipple rings in the soft light coming from the lamp. The sight of her pale creamy skin coupled with your recent dreams creates an instant erection. 

She sits up on the edge of the couch and you move to sit beside her. As you pull her in close for a hug, she playfully rubs your hard on. 

"Somebody missed me while he was gone."

You can only nod your agreement as you struggle for breath after that simple touch. Her quiet laugh brings back the thoughts of the dreams you had during your flight. She quickly stands up in front of you and then straddles your lap facing you putting her beautiful breasts right in your face.

"Mmmm," she moans as she rubs her cotton covered crotch against your stiff cock. "You did miss me."

You take advantage of her gentle rocking motion to capture her nipple through the thin material of her shirt. She places her hands on your shoulders and throws her head back while dry humping your cock and having her nipple sucked by your talented mouth. You can tell by the dampness you feel coming from between her legs that she will soon reach orgasm. 

"We will have none of that," you tell her as you still her movements with your hands on her hips. 

"Please," she begs.

You shake your head no as you escape from beneath her. She makes a sound of protest as you roughly pull her to her feet and drag her to the end of the couch where you bend her over the arm. 

In one swift movement, you free your cock and pull aside her panties. Without any warning, you plunge your cock hard and deep into her wet pussy. Her gasp is something between pain and pleasure but you don't relent. You wrap one hand in her long blonde her and pull her head back as the other hand reaches around to roughly pinch and pull at the rings attached to her nipples. 

You fuck her pussy until you feel your orgasm build. Just as you feel your cum shoot deep into her, you lean close and pull her head back so you can whisper in her ear. "Your body is mine. Others may use it, but it will always belong to me. Do you understand?"

"Yyyesss," she pants. "I belong to you."

At her words, you can feel your cock twitch with its last spurt of hot semen inside her. As you pull out, you can feel a mixture of your cum and her juices drip from her pussy. You push her away from you and order her to the bedroom. She moves to adjust her twisted panties, but a look from you stops her. She moves quickly towards the bedroom with you following close behind with your softening cock still hanging out.

She heads to the bed to sit but a quick flick of your wrist brings her to stand in front of you.

"On your knees, whore. You're gonna suck me hard again."

She quickly drops to her knees and begins to lick and suck your cock. While she works to make you hard, you begin to unbutton your shirt to remove it. You stop her motions so you can kick off your shoes and remove the rest of your clothing. 

"On the bed, on your back with your head hanging over the edge," you order. You move towards her as she obeys your command. As soon as her head moves over the side, you plunge your now hard cock down her throat. You don't slow down as her eyes water and she starts to gag. Back and forth, you fuck her face until you can tell she can't take anymore. You pull out of her mouth and move onto the bed. She can't move as she gulps for air. 

You pull her by her legs back up into the middle of the bed. Your cock bobs in anticipation of the wet pussy before it. You spread her pale thighs, push aside her panties and in one quick motion run your tongue through her outer lips from the opening of her pussy up to her clit. Her deep moan of pleasure coaxes you on. 

Using your fingers, you spread her pussy lips and stare at the glistening treasure before you. You reach out with your tongue and flick her clit. She gasps for breath as you lay siege to her clit with your lips and tongue. Her hands are pulling at your hair trying to bring you closer.

You can tell from her breathing that she is about to cum. You shove two long fingers into drenched pussy and start finger fucking her hard and fast. As you feel her pussy start to spasm and squeeze your fingers, you sit up, push her legs into the air and you begin your assault on her ass.

You know from previous experience that her ass does not take a cock easily. She is so wet and mixed with your own cum there is no need for lube. You put the head of your cock against her sphincter and gently start pushing in. You hear a quiet whisper of encouragement coming from her mouth so you push a little harder and feel her ass slowly start to give. All resistance is futile when you feel the muscle finally give, allowing your cock into the hot passage of her ass. 

You only give her a second to adjust before you start moving back and forth, in and out of her ass. It is hard to believe there could be anything tighter than her pussy but the tightness of her ass causes you to cum in just a few strokes. You force your cock deep as you feel your cum filling her ass. Your cock frees itself with an audible pop as you collapse beside her gasping for air.

When your heart stops racing and you can breathe slowly, you pull her close and whisper in her ear, "Yes Blondie, I missed you."