 Holding my hand, trailing along behind me, you follow me up the stairs. At the top you put an arm around my waist and walk down the hallway to my room. Once through the doorway, I turn in your arms and reach past you to close the door. As the lock clicks I look up and meet your eyes, a slight smile on my lips. You pull me closer and I take a half-step turn backwards to bring us up with the wall. Looking into my face I can see that you have been aching as much as myself for this moment to unfold. With an anticipatory look I tilt my head back and to the side, locking eyes with you while I moisten my lips and part them to exhale a nervous breath. Leaning down, your lips a hairs breadth away from my own, you look into me. Using this moment of hesitation to my advantage I breathe you in and push up so that my lips just graze your own. Then a calculated move on my part, I slip my tongue out to brush across your lower lip. In one swift move you thread your hand through my hair, slam me back against the wall and take my mouth with a ravenous degree of force both felt and reciprocated.

I bite your tongue, a slow scrap of teeth. You run your other hand up my back and down again, tracing circles into my skin. I arch into the cradle of your hips and feel your fingers dig into the skin at my back in your attempt to pull me closer. I clench your shirt in one fist at your shoulder and another fist in your hair at the back of your head. I push up against you, opening wider to the invasion of your mouth on mine. You slam my hips back to the wall and I bring my hand down to your waist, gripping your hip to pull you towards me. I want you in me, surrounding me, a part of me. You slide your hand around to my waist and up to push at my rib cage, cupping my breast. I pull away to breathe and look into your eyes, biting my lip I push against your restraining hand to get back into your arms. Your hand leaves my hair and palms down my side to cup and grip my ass, pulling me into your warmth. I wrench my mouth from yours, pulling your head to the side, I clasp my mouth to your neck, laving up to your ear. 

Biting the lobe and rasping my teeth over the sensitive shell, I nibble back down to the spot where neck and shoulder meet. I open wider, warm breath against your skin, and slowly increase the pressure of my teeth on your flesh. When I hit the right point I lave my tongue over the skin held captive by my mouth, and begin a gentle sucking. Sucking that becomes a hiss when you slide your hand around to palm yearning flesh restrained by cumbersome jeans. I push your hand away and grind against the firm evidence of your desire. Not enough, it's not close enough, I need you, I need your skin. I tear away from you to slide one hand into your jeans while unbuttoning them with the other. Stupid cotton. I scrap my nails down your thigh, then slide my hand over to cup your balls, heavy with need. I pull your zipper down and massage gently with the other hand. You lean down to kiss me and I slide my hand up to wrap my fingers around your cock. I tighten my hold and draw up your length to rub the pad of my thumb in a circle over the sensitive tip. You rip my hand away and drag me to the bed, where you commence the removal of overly troublesome clothes.

I hold you back with one hand on your chest. An accusatory look from you has me pulling a blind fold from the back pocket of my jeans. You look questioning, but I only smile. I sit straddling your lap and gently place the blind fold around your eyes. I know what this means to you, I know the going will be difficult, but I also know what fun and trust will come of it. I tie the blind fold gently around your eyes, I don't want you to feel restrained. I remove the rest of my clothes and lay next to you, you still have your clothing on, although your pants are undone. Letting you touch me I show that I am there for you. I remove your shirt and place my hand on your chest, slowly sliding it up and down your skin to allow you to get used to being touched without sight. Removing your pants I slide my body up against yours, warm soft skin touches and exhilarates. I lift my knee over your leg to rest between yours, pushing gently upwards. The rough texture of the hair on your thigh sends little chills of sensation along my own thighs. I reach over you and lift myself up so that I am on my side looking over you. Pushing my hips closer against you, you can feel the wetness of my desire to have you inside me, but it shall have to wait a little while longer. I lean down to kiss you, a slow, passionate kiss. I bite your lip and suck away the pain. I reach my hand down and trail my fingers along your thigh, teasing you, and then up to wrap my fingers around your warm length. I've missed touching you and I love feeling your cock in my hand. Squeezing lightly I slide my hand up and down, feeling you harden even more with the stimulation. 

You reach an arm around me to grab my hip and pull me on top of you. I pull my knees up at your sides and place my hands on either side of your head supporting my weight. Leaning down to kiss you I place my hand at your neck and then glide it down to lightly skim my fingers down your sides. Your hands are on my back rubbing up and back down over my hip to caress my ass and slide over the back of my thigh. I kiss your neck, shoulder and chest as you move your hand from the back of my thigh over to the slick warmth of my pussy, moving back up over my butt to tease the dimple at the top of my ass. I kiss you gliding my tongue over yours, leaning back to tease your cock with my wetness. From my sitting position atop you all I have to do is lean back and the tip slides against my slick, swollen lips, aching to be buried deep within me. I look into your eyes, and slowly sit back, with your hands guiding my hips, I take your length in inch by inch. You run your hands up my back, pulling me down for a kiss and then back down to my hips. Your arms reach around and cross over my back pulling me tightly against you, from whence you thrust gently into me, guiding our rocking hips for a gentle friction.

The pace increases as you knead my hips and grope my ass pulling me further onto you with each thrust. Breathing heavily our bodies slide against one another from the sweat of our efforts. I feel you harden even more within me, sitting up I arch my hips back to take you in further and thrust my hips forward and back with you fully inside, rubbing against every delightful spot. With you filling me completely you grab my hips and hold me hard against you as you cum within me. The feel of your pulsing cock within me throws me over the edge and I climax, gripping your cock with the pulsing waves of my pussy as I scream my release. 

Sated, catching my breath, I lay atop you, curling into your warmth and wait for the sweet heady weight of sleep to take hold.