 I woke to the blurred white stripes on the pavement passing my face at a nauseating rate. The green grass on the side of the road was also a blur, looked like someone had taken a generously soggy paintbrush and streaked green across the window.

I looked up and realized I was almost home, so I forced myself to sit up and get my things together. Rubbing the blur out of my eyes I smiled at Rachel, who at this moment was a saint for driving all the way home and letting me pass out against the window, which had now given me a headache. I smiled to myself about how I had no one to come home to and use the excuse on "not now, I got a headache"... something I don't think I had ever said in my life, and would certainly not say today. It had been a frustrating trip and the idea of coming home to someone waiting for me was definitely a pleasing one.

I smiled to myself and at the passing scenery, contemplating the sex that would happen, if in fact I had someone waiting for me. It was rough, slightly dirty, and making me wet. I suddenly realized that I hadn't ever fantasized about having someone smack my ass or pull my hair, or whisper dirty things to me, but now suddenly I was, and obviously, I liked it.

Rachel jerked the car into a parking space in front of my apartment door. I hopped out and grabbed my bags, said goodbye, and headed up the stairs, looking forward to my empty apartment, a bath and my vibrator. I tossed my keys on the table just inside my bedroom door, then jumped 3 feet in the air when I caught sight of the nearly naked man on my bed. I caught my breath and realized it was Mike, the ex. I opened my mouth to say something to him but then I realized what he was doing. He had nothing on but his boxers, and those were pulled down and his hand was gripping his very hard cock. Obviously, he must have been aware of my presence, but he made no move to acknowledge it. The door had been left open, and I knew he was waiting for me. How did he know this had been on my mind???

Allowing myself to be more interested than shocked, I felt my pussy get wet again, this time even more than it had in the car. Focusing on him and his hands on his cock, his heavy breathing, his half closed eyes, I became more and more aware of the tingling sensation in my pussy and even my nipples. Without really thinking, I pulled my panties off from under my skirt, and walked to the foot of my bed. Without taking my eyes off of him… I slowly climbed up over him, with my knees on either side of his legs. Watching his hand on his cock closely, I could feel my pussy up against his leg getting wetter, as I felt his muscles contract and listening to his low moans coming from his closed mouth. He bit his lower lip, which seemed to indicate his pleasure building. His eyes never opened more than halfway, making me feel like he really didn't know I was there, so I decided to take it further and lean down so my face was just over his cock. Watching closely, very aware that he could feel my hot breath on him; he started to lift his hips up as if looking for the source. I pulled away whenever his cock got close to my lips, wanting him to open his eyes and look at me before I would give him the satisfaction of my mouth.

Slowly it seemed that whatever fantasy he'd been having was slowly becoming real for him and he lifted his head, opened his eyes, and smiled at me. He moved his cock to my warm, and waiting mouth and I parted my lips to let him. I'd woken him from his fantasy, and he took his hand off his cock, grabbed hold of my hair, holding my head in place as he pushed his cock all the way to the back of my throat. He groaned something, saying, "I'm glad my little slut is here now- I was just thinking about her" as he started to fuck my mouth. I loved the feeling of knowing he was looking down at me and watching his cock sliding past my lips, his hands on my head, my hands on his balls and hips. I moaned softly when I tasted his precum on my tongue. I wasn't surprised at what he'd said really, but more surprised that my reaction to it was to want to behave in an even more "slutty" way, rather than to slap him… touching him, playing with his cock in my mouth, letting him fuck my mouth deeper and deeper, and every time, watching his reactions becoming stronger and stronger. I suddenly realized that my pussy was now soaking wet and aching to be fucked.

I knew he could feel my body over his legs- my soaking wet pussy rubbing on the top of his thigh, my eyes studying him as he fell deeper and deeper into the pleasure of my mouth. Fucking my mouth faster- fighting off climax- his body was getting rigid. He started pulling harder on my hair, using it for leverage to push deeper into my mouth. Now he's struggling to talk around his moaning. Saying "that's it slut, take my cock- you love it, I know you love it, take it deep. I can feel your pussy, I know how wet you are, you need my cock don't you? Yeah, you need it- you're such a hot little bitch. Fuck, it feels so goo..."

His voice, and what he was saying, with his leg against my pussy, almost had me cum right there. I wanted to beg out loud for him to fuck my pussy, but at the same time, I didn't want him to take his cock out of my mouth. I could feel it rigid and swelling in my mouth- I knew what was coming and the anticipation began to drive me wild. He could feel my moans running from his cock throughout his body. He suddenly pulled his cock from my mouth and quickly moved out from under me. 

I started reaching and grabbing for his cock, begging for it through my moans, "please.. Fuck my pussy.. Please let me have your cock..." I could hardly believe the things that were coming out of my mouth, and how turned on and desperate I was for him to give me what I was asking for. He held off for a little while, driving me crazy. I lifted my hips up against him, pushing my pussy up against his cock.

He turned me over and pulled me up onto my knees. Suddenly he shoved his cock deep into my pussy with his hands on my hips, one of them occasionally giving me a spank on the ass, making me moan and my pussy contract around his incredibly hard cock.

I started to cum almost right away and that just made him fuck me faster and harder... I shoved my body back against him, trying to make him fuck me deeper than he already was. I felt his body hit mine over and over again. Every now and then I'd feel him lean over my back, reach around and his hand would play with my nipple. Pinching it lightly at first, then a little harder. Sometimes he'd pull on my nipple ring and that would send me over the top just a little more, shoving back against him harder and harder until I eventually moaned, trying to tell him that I was cumming and just how good it felt, but I could barely annunciate the words. Just after I came, he pulled his cock out, turned me over and he knelt with his legs on either side of my body, jerking off over my face. I sat up a little and tried to suck on his cock, tasting my pussy on it. He pushed me back down, and my hands move to my pussy. I was very close to cumming again as I watched his hands slide up and down on his cock. I look up at his face, and I can see he is about to cum, and this sends me over the edge. My body jerks into an orgasm as I feel his cum his my body, shooting onto my face, into my mouth, on my neck, and onto my tits.

So much for having to come home to an empty bed...