 "Okay, what the fuck was going on here," he thought. He'd been gone before, and longer than this. And every time up to now she'd greeted him with open arms. Sure, it took a little time to get back into the routine of the house. The kids were growing up, things changed, tastes changed. But he always thought that her love for him would always stay the same. He felted wanted and needed. He felt like he was a part of something special whenever he was with her. 

She was everything he had always wanted: smart, beautiful, witty. Not to mention she was fantastic in bed. He always seemed to be able to bring her to orgasm with minimal effort on his part, a feat that pleased him to no end.

True, things had been strained lately. Work had taken its toll. As he got higher up in rank and responsibility, the needs of the military kept taking more and more time away. More often than not, work kept him at long hours. When he did get home, the stress of the inter-office politics and dealing with subordinates left him drained. Regular chores often went by the wayside, to everyone's aggravation. Intimacy was as frequent as a blue moon. She looked especially appealing. A light blue sundress, with thin straps over smooth shoulders. The neckline showed just a hint of cleavage, although it hugged her firm bosom, showing her ample gifts. The dress cut just at her thighs. It was relatively modest for a sundress, but it accentuated her lovely body as well as covering it. Her soft brown hair had been cut since the last time he saw her. Instead of reaching to her shoulders, it just reached the nape of her neck. 

She had the usual array of freckles across her nose, but recently they had spread to her cheeks and neck in a tantalizing way. Obviously, she'd gotten some sun over the summer. Her hair was tousled in a way that made him want to run his hands through it. 

"Do you really think you can just come back after four months and act like nothing's changed?" she said angrily. 

How could he possibly think she would just melt into his arms? Four months of loneliness. Nothing but housework, children, and bills. Four months of little sleep, and no time to herself. Even bathing was a chore rather than a pleasure. 

"While you were gone, I had to keep this place together," she said angrily. 

He stepped back and looked at her. He'd never seen her angry like this before. He'd been gone before, for months at a time. The military had a nasty habit of sending a man off to God knows where with little notice. This last one was the worst. He knew she had worried about him. It looked as though this time, it had been the last straw. "I'm sorry," he said. "I didn't mean to upset you." 

"Well, you did," she said, tears forming. "I know it was hard," he said gently. 

She turned away, not wanting to break down in front of him. Damn him for doing this to her! Even in her anger, she felt his presence sparking desire within her. Don't give in, she said to herself. But he noticed how she held herself, the way she stood. He knew he'd always been able to turn her on, no matter what mood she was in. 

He thought about being tentative, apologetic in his actions. He immediately discarded the idea as watched her. Deliberately, he reached for her shoulder and turned her towards him. 

"Look at me" he said quietly. 

She looked up at him through her tears. He put his hands on her shoulders, keeping her from turning away again. 

"This is not how it's going to go," he said. 

He leaned down to her and put his lips on her neck. Instead of pulling away, she leaned her head back, allowing him full access to her soft skin. She sighed in frustration and desire as he placed soft kisses on her neck and shoulders. 

"I'm supposed to be mad at him," she thought. 

But her need was too great, and they both knew it. He straightened and looked into her eyes again. 

"All you have to do is tell me to stop, but I don't think you'll want me too." He smiled, and she shivered. He stepped closer to her, his eyes glittering. She backed against the sink, her chest heaving with apprehension. She knew she should tell him to stop, but she didn't want to. She wanted to feel his breath on her neck. She wanted to feel him inside her. She wanted to feel the electric pleasure of orgasm after orgasm.

He gently put his hands on her shoulders. He towered over her, looking down into her gentle brown eyes. He smiled gently, but with an undertone of hardness, of steel resolve. She knew he could easily take what he wanted from her. He slowly lowered his lips to her neck once again. Just as before, she gasped as she felt the warmth of his mouth on her skin. Thrills of pleasure went through her. She felt her wetness increase. Her fragile panties quickly soaked as he gently kissed her shoulder. He moved the thin strap aside and slowly worked down to her chest. Her breathing quickened even more. She let out a slow moan in pleasure and in fear of her abandonment to the ecstasy he offered.

"Sweet girl. No bra. That makes it easier." 

He pulled down the other strap of her flimsy dress, and gently kissed her full breasts. She moaned again, wanting badly for him to put his mouth on her hard nipples. She wanted him to suck them long and hard. But he played further, placing kiss after kiss on her soft mounds. His strong, warm hands cupped her. Finally, he deliberately placed his mouth over one nipple, and stayed there. She waiting impatiently to feel his hot tongue, but there was nothing. Angry, she looked down, and saw his eyes twinkling merrily, as he teased her. She moaned in frustration, not wanting to beg, but longing for the electric feel that his actions would bring. She moaned again, grabbing his hair in both hands and pushing him closer. 

With a quiet laugh, he lapped at her nipple. As she felt his powerful tongue, she shuddered, and the wetness between her thighs doubled. He'd made her come just with one lick. 

"Yes!" she whispered as he sucked in earnest. 

He alternated nipples, working long and hard. With each pull, she felt the zings all through her body. Unconsciously, she spread her legs further apart, and put her hand on her crotch. As she began to rub herself in accompaniment to his efforts, he noticed where her hand had gone. 

"I'll take care of that" he said. 

He gently moved her hand aside, and pressed her sensitive clit. Then he resumed his attention to her now rock hard nipples. She cried out as the pressure in both areas brought new waves of pleasure.

"God, just take me now," she moaned. 

He laughed. "I knew you wouldn't want me to stop. 

But, I think you need more attention elsewhere." He moved further down her body, running his hands over bare skin and the thin fabric of her dress. He pulled her skirt up to her waist. 

"My, you're wet. I think it's time to take these off," he said, looking at her sopping panties. 

Quickly, he pulled her underwear off. She willingly allowed him to lift one leg and place in over his shoulder, allowing him free access to her moist, sweet center. He ran his mouth over her swollen lips and clit, breathing in the sweetness. Instead of the gentle teasing he did to her breasts, he licked hard, as if he were trying to drain all of the juice from her. 

"I feel like a lollipop," she sighed. 

"You are. I can't wait to get to the center," he answered. 

He put his mouth directly over her clit. He sucked on her button like he did her nipples. She clenched as the pressure brought another orgasm. She arched back in ecstasy, and covered his face with the sweet nectar of her body.

"I think it's time to get serious," he said, wiping his sticky face. 

Serious? "My god, what have you been doing up to now?" she said. 

"Getting ready," he answered with a grin. "Now it's my turn." 

He unzipped his pants, releasing his full, hard cock. He lifted her up to the sink and spread her wide. 

"Are you ready?" he asked. She couldn't answer. She just nodded, waiting for his penis to stretch her soft cunt. Gently, he rubbed the head of his cock against her wet cunt, lubricating himself to plunder her sweetness. Then he slowly pushed himself into her. She groaned as he deliciously stretched her. She spread her legs even wider to let him in. Soon, he was in to the hilt, their pubic hair pressed together. 

He slowly pistoned in and out, letter her feel every inch of him. She grabbed his shoulders and dug her nails into his skin as she felt his shaft rub against her sensitive clit. She gasped as he thrust in earnest, determined to push her to another orgasm. 

"Oh, God!" she cried as she came, her body shuddering with the force of the orgasm. He thrust again and again, never changing rhythm. He gazed at her, not even out of breath, smiling as she writhed on his cock. 

She felt wave after wave of pleasure, each orgasm clenching her whole body, and leaving her limp. He held her against his chest as she drooped from the effort of multiple orgasms. "Please, I want you to come inside me," she whispered. 

He smiled even wider. "As long as you're ready" he said. 

He sped up, his pelvis thumping against hers. His eyes glinted as he worked. She gripped him even harder, waiting for the explosion in her body that was to come. She felt him swell inside her. He was almost there. 

"Yes!" she cried as she felt him spurt into her. She felt the hot semen fire deep inside her, and she came again.

He held her gently as she slowly recovered. He nuzzled his face into her soft brown her, and breathed deep of the flowery scent, mingled with sweat and sex. 

"I've missed you," he said quietly. He rubbed her back with both hands as he held her close. 

"I missed you, too," she answered. 

"Lets go to the bedroom and continue this," he suggested. 

"Huh?" She was shocked. "You still have the energy?" 

"All you need," he said gently. He gather her in his arms, and carried her to the bed. There, they continued for the rest of the day.

Much later, he woke. She lay on his chest, looking at him. 

"Been awake long?" he asked. 

"Yes," she said shortly. 

Apparently, their lovemaking hadn't taken much of the edge off her anger. 

"Just because we're still good at sex, doesn't mean anything's fixed between us," she said.

"You've never really been there. It's always been me that's carried this family. You may have made the money, but I was the emotional support for three kids. And you were one of them. It's like you always wanted me to be your mom. You need to be a husband, not one of the kids. You need to get your head out of work when you come home. You need to decide what's important."

She was right. The last few months had been the worst. Things had changed in so many ways. He had been in the military full time, and in their family only part time. This had been a long time coming. It was time to do something.

"I love you," he said. "I will always love you. If the military is what's come between us, I'll give it up. You and the family are the most important thing in my life. I will not let some bureaucratic bullshit get between us."

She cocked her head, looking at him. She looked doubtful, but hopeful as well.

"Just like that?" she asked.

"Just like that. If after all this time, our life hasn't improved with anything other than money, it's not worth it. As long as we have enough to keep us content, and the kids are taken care of, that's enough for me."

"That's a hell of a change to make. I'm not sure you can manage it. You've been the way you are a long time."

"That's true. There's no denying that this is major for both of us. But to be honest, I'm tired of playing their game. I've been tired of it. It didn't seem worth it in the beginning, but I thought that was just me being lazy. I wanted recognition. I wanted to be important, so people would respect me, and you would be proud of me."

For the umpteenth time that day, she teared up. "I was already proud of you. You're sweet, and kind, and caring. You love me, and the kids. You just haven't been there for us. I want us to be happy. I want us to be a family. I want someone to love, who will love me back."

"I'll give you all those things. Those are what I want, too. I know it's hard to believe after all this. Just give me the chance to make it right."

"Okay," she smiled gently through the tears. "You get your chance. No promises. No guarantees.

"Agreed. And you accept me the way I am. I won't be someone I'm not. Never again."