 She picked me up from the airport when my flight landed. It had been a long bumpy ride, and I was glad to be on the ground. The whole way down, all I could think of was a beer, dinner and a bed to crash in for a week! When I cleared security I looked around at the people waiting, but couldn't see my girl. Strange, I thought. Usually she was waiting right in front of the gate so I couldn't miss her. I assumed she must have been caught in traffic, or got away late from work to not be here. I went to the baggage carousel and collected my backpack. Still no sign of her, so I tried her phone. Nothing – she had it turned off. I decided to wait out by the taxi stand where I'd be obvious. I stood and waited for a few minutes before I sensed someone coming up behind me. Next thing I knew, a wet kiss was planted on the back of my neck, and a pair of arms encircled me. I turned within her grasp and kissed her firmly, feeling her large breasts squashing up against my chest. She backed off and gave me a cheeky smile – solely for effect! She was wearing a short little mini skirt, an open necked top and sandals. Obviously no bra either, looking at the tips pointing through her shirt.

Twenty minutes later and we're driving down the freeway, catching up on the week just gone. Nothing unusual except for the frequent glances she kept directing down into my lap. Off at the exit, a stop sign, a gear change ad suddenly her skirt is up around the top of her thighs. Those legs had been keeping my attention for most of the drive, but as I followed them up, I saw there were no panties at the top. A short cloud of dark curls nested at the top, with a hint of pink swollen lips peeking through. She saw where I was looking and eased forward in the driver's seat, spreading her legs apart as she did so. As her thighs parted, I saw that her pussy slowly reveal itself. Her hair was trimmed short between her legs and framed a delicious pair of wet pink lips, already spreading apart without anyone touching them. I could see her lips gleaming with moisture as the streetlights passed over head. I head her gasp softly as the cooler air caressed her lips. I reached over to feel her, but she closed her thighs tightly together before I could get there. 

"Not until you show me yours," she said. 

I didn't need any prompting to free the bulge that was rapidly growing painful in my jeans. I undid my fly, unbuckled my belt and reached into my pants. My cock was about halfway hard – just enough to feel big and heavy in my hand, but still soft enough that I could easily maneuver it out of its tight constraints. As soon as I pulled it out, she opened her thighs again. I smelt her musky smell, and my cock throbbed into a full erection. She reached over and delicately rolled my foreskin back with her finger and thumb. The cool air felt amazing and a drop of precum oozed out onto the head. She gently smeared it around with her thumb, then took her hand away and sucked the remainder off, licking her lips afterwards. When her hand reached back over and wrapped around my thick shaft, I followed suit and lets my fingers go exploring. I touched at the top of her thighs, and gently ran my fingers up the side of her vagina, outside her lips. I could feel the heat and moisture she was generating. I circled round her once, twice, before she started to ease her hips forward towards my fingers. Feeling like teasing her, I ran the tip of my index finger up between her lips, as gently as I could while still maintaining contact. Only caressing, not separating her lips any more than they already were. She was silky smooth, and slippery with her lust. She was moaning softly as I slipped up and down, moving deeper and deeper between her lips with each stroke. By the time she stopped at the traffic lights near her place, I was spreading her wide open with three fingers on each stroke, lightly rolling her clit around at the top of each. I could see and hear she was getting close to coming, so I pulled my fingers away altogether. She moaned in frustration and looked at me. 

"Not till we get home," I told her.

She pulled her hand away from my cock, along with the precum that had dribbled over her fingers as she'd held it.

"Bastard!!' She called me, but she loved the tease.

Five minutes later and we were through the front door. She was hotter than ever as I'd made her to walk from the car to the door with her skirt round her waist. It was all I could do to keep my hands off her on the short walk. The breeze felt good on my red hot cock though, as I'd also made the walk with it hanging out.

As soon as the door was shut I grabbed her around the waist and spread her legs apart. She leaned back against me as I reached down and cupped her wet box, feeling her lips open even more. I gently pinched her clit between thumb and forefinger and started to wank her. She threw her head back and moaned as I quickly got faster and harder, aiming to make her come as fast as possible. She reached around and grabbed my cock, threading it between her legs. As I jerked her clit, she started rubbing her wet pussy forwards and back on my stiff dick. Initially she was catching as dry skin rubbed on dry skin. She reached down and spread her lips apart with both hands, and my cock slipped into the warm wet channel she created. Once in, she let go and I felt her lips surround my cock, stroking it back and forth as she moved. I'd been dripping precum, so my foreskin started to slip easily over my knob as she moved. Her thrusts were getting jerkier as she got closer to coming, then suddenly she tensed, gave half a scream and shuddered in my arms. I felt warm fluid flowing over my cock as she spasmed against my stroking fingers.

After a couple of minutes of gentle caressing, I led her over to an armchair in the corner of the room and bent her over the arm. As she did, she looked back and spread her legs slightly. Her swollen lips peeked from between her cheeks, coated with thick white girly cum. My cock was also covered in her juice. I moved up behind her, lined my cock head up with her open hole, and slid slowly into her warm vagina. One long thrust and her hair was ticking my ball sack, which was drawn up close to my body in anticipation. I gently started thrusting in and out of her tight pussy, feeling the way she gripped me. I looked down and saw her lips gripping my cock on he outstroke, stretching out as I withdrew, then rolling in as I pounded her box. I reached round to pinch her hard nipples, feeling the contrast between soft breast and stiff tip. Her tits swung back and forth as our bodies slapped wetly against each other. The sloppy fluid noises coming from her pussy only made it more exciting. As I rubbed her nipples, she reached back and rubbed my balls, coating them with her wetness. She started to rub her clit and spread her lips wide apart to feel my cock driving into her. A few more stokes and I'd be filling her with another load of whit cream. She started to rub her clit harder, with a purpose. Sure enough, a few minutes later her pussy gripped my cock as she came again, more wetness flooding over my balls.

I knew that was it for me and told her I was going to come. She surprised me by pushing back and easing off my dick. She turned and knelt down in front of me, grabbing my wet dick in one hand and sending the other straight back between her legs. I looked down at her to see her stoking my cock wildly with one hand, while the other frantically circled between her thighs. That was it for me. I felt my ball sack draw up tight against my body, and my cock swelled even more. She leaned towards me and pointed my cock at her tits. I felt cum boiling up my shaft and spewed thick ropes of it over her neck and tits. After three big spurts, she took my wet cock head in her mouth and ran her tongue over it, prolonging my orgasm. After a few sucks, my sensitive cock could take no more, and I turned and slumped into the seat. She just grinned at me as she kept rubbing her clit with one hand, and rubbed my cum into her tits with the other.