 Thank you to my sister, my friend, my editor fire_breeze. You're incredible; I'd be lost without you. 

I hope you enjoy this story. Please vote and comment on what you read. All authors appreciate knowing that you're reading their work and what you think. Thank you in advance. ~as2u

Lee arrived home from work about 11:30, after his boss gave him an unexpected afternoon off for closing the Hawkins deal and making the company a substantial amount of money in the process. Lee decided not to call his wife Katie and tell her he was coming home; he thought he'd surprise her. 

He walked in the garage door and called out her name, but the house was quiet. "Strange," he thought. "She didn't tell me she was going out today." Her car was in the garage, but he supposed she could have gone out with one of her friends. Since she usually told him when she was going out, he figured she'd be home soon. He decided he would go change and then if she still wasn't home, he'd surprise her and put something together for dinner. That way, they'd have some time to spend together in the afternoon, he thought grinning. 

He headed up the stairs and heard some soft music coming from the bedroom. "So she is home," he said to himself. When he walked into the bedroom, he stopped and stared open mouthed. He saw something he thought he'd never see. Katie was laying on the bed playing with herself. Although he had begged her to show him how she masturbated, she always got embarrassed and would never show him. 

She looked so hot laying there with her eyes closed. One hand was playing with her nipples and the other was between her legs. He could see her tugging on her nipples, pinching and twisting them. He loved her long nipples and had always guessed that she liked them played a little rougher than what he did. Now he knew that those suspicions were correct. He could hardly wait to play with them again, biting and twisting them, knowing that she would enjoy that. 

Her legs were slightly spread and he could see her fingers running up and down her slit. As he watched, she spread her lips with her thumb and forefinger and ran her middle finger from the bottom of her pussy up to her clit, rubbed it for a moment, and then slid her finger back down. She did this a few times before she bent her knees; putting her feet flat on the bed, she let her legs fall outward, giving Lee a glimpse of her wet she really was. 

While Lee stood there, rubbing his hard cock in his pants, he watched Katie slide two of her fingers into her pussy and use her thumb to rub her clit. Oh God, you could hear how wet he was as her fingers slid in and out of her. He wanted to put his tongue on her pussy right now and taste her honey, but he stood there watching what he's only dreamt about seeing: his beautiful wife pleasuring herself. 

Katie's fingers continued to play with her nipples and her pussy. She softly moaning, her head occasionally moving from side to side. Her eyes shut and the music gently playing, she was lost in her own fantasy world. As quietly as he could, Lee undid the button and zipper of his pants and let them fall to the ground. He pulled down his boxers and stepped out of them. He stood there stroking his cock watching his wife. 

She was unaware of anything but the pleasure she was bringing herself. Her fingers began to move in and out of her pussy a little faster and her moans became a little louder. Lee slowly took off the rest of his clothes until he was standing there naked with a raging hard on, stroking his cock, watching his beautiful bride. His mind was spinning as he watched her, trying to remember if his fingers moved the ways hers did. He wanted to make sure that the next time he brought her as much pleasure as she was bringing herself. While he was thinking about this, Katie removed her fingers from her wet center and reached for her vibrator that was lying next to her on the bed. 

She bent her knees and brought them up toward her ears, spread her legs and slid her vibrator slowly into her wet hungry hole. He watched as her finger continued to tease her nipples and her other hand was slowly working the vibe deeply in and then almost all the way out of her pussy. Each time she seemed to thrust the vibe in faster and deeper. He recognized the change in her breathing and saw her lift her bottom up off the bed, trying to draw the vibe in deeper. Katie continued to play with herself with her fingers and her vibe until it was obvious to Lee that she was going to cum.

As Lee stroked his cock faster, he watched his wife writhe on the bed and call his name out as she obviously had a very big and powerful orgasm. "Wow", he thought. He never thought he'd get to see his wife pleasing herself and he was so happy that he had gotten to see that. What happened next pushed Lee right over the edge that he'd been standing on. Katie pulled her vibrator from her pussy, streams of cum dripping out of her pussy and down towards her asshole. Katie took the vibrator in her mouth and proceeded to lick and suck it clean, as if it was Lee's cock. 

"Holy fuck," Lee whispered, watching his wife clean the vibrator and then take it deep into her throat. 

Katie opened her eyes and immediately turned red, blushing with embarrassment. She pulled the vibrator from her mouth, but before she could move her body, Lee lay down on the bed between her legs and held them open as he began to lap at her cum. He started at her asshole and worked his way back up to her pussy, savoring every drop. He flicked his tongue over her clit as he stuck two fingers inside her pussy to make sure she was still wet. Feeling that she was, he got up on his knees, between her legs, and positioned his cock at her entrance and pushed all the way in, moaning as he felt her clench his cock. Her pussy seemed to grab him and pull his cock in further. 

Lee grabbed Katie's ankles and pushed them back until her knees were back towards her ears. "Isn't this how you fucked yourself baby?" he asked her. "Play with your nipples like you did before, Katie. Show me how you like to tug on them and twist them. I can't believe how turned on I got watching you play with yourself, baby." 

Katie looked at him and slowly brought her fingers to her nipples and started to play with them as she had before. Lee watched as she pulled her nipples from her body and twisted them, feeling her pussy clench him as she did. She pinched them and she clenched his cock again. "Yes baby, just like that," he encouraged her, enjoying both how hot it looked and how wonderful it felt when her pussy reacted to what she was doing with her nipples. Lee kept encouraging her as he slid his hard cock in and out of her wetness. 

Katie continued playing, her eyes half shut now, soft moans escaping her lips, her pussy clenching his cock over and over. Lee heard her breathing getting deeper and her moans getting more frequent. He felt her lifting her ass slightly off the bed and he knew she was ready to cum. "That's it Katie, cum for me baby. Cover my cock with your cum." Her moans became louder and she tugged at her nipples hard, her pussy rippling as wave after wave of her orgasm swept through her.  Lee couldn't hold back any longer, he thrusted in deep as he let his control go and came deep inside her throbbing pussy. 

Lee stayed deep inside her as they both caught their breaths, his hands running up and down the back of her thighs. He slid his hands all the way down and grabbed her ass as he told her how wonderful she was and how much she turned him on. "I can't believe you caught me doing that," Katie said finally. 

"That's not all I saw," Lee said with a smile. 

He pulled out of her pussy and lowered her legs back to the bed. He moved up and straddled her chest, taking his cock and rubbing it on her lips. "Open up Katie. Clean my cock just like you did your vibrator." Katie turned red and tried to turn away. "Baby," Lee said, turning her head back. "Please don't be embarrassed. I thought it was the most erotic thing I've ever seen and I'd like to experience it for myself."

He rubbed his cock over her lips again. Katie parted her lips and Lee put the tip of his cock between them and felt her tongue flicking over the tip of his cock. He moaned as he slowly fed more of his cock into her mouth. Her tongue slid over his cock as he pushed in, lapping off all of their cum, both cleaning him off and keeping him hard. He started to rock back and forth, sliding his cock in and out until his cock was in her throat and his balls were hitting her chin. Katie was moaning with pleasure, she truly loved to suck his cock. How he'd gotten so lucky, he'd never know. 

As much as he loved feeling his cock in her mouth and her tongue all over his cock, Lee had something else in mind now. Lee pulled his cock from Katie's mouth and told her to turn over. Katie grinned at him and rolled over, immediately getting on her knees, with her shoulders and head on the bed. Lee got behind her and slid his hands down her ass and grabbed her cheeks. He positioned himself behind her and slid his cock into her wet pussy. He rocked in and out a few times, covering his cock with her cum. 

He took his cock out of her pussy and asked her to spread her ass cheeks apart for him. Katie shivered when he said this, knowing how much she enjoyed feeling him in her ass. Lee slid his fingers in her wet pussy and then smeared her tight hole with her cum. He got his fingers wet one more time and slid them inside her asshole, making sure she was wet. He put the tip of his cock at the entrance to her ass and slowly pushed inside. He moaned as he felt the head of his cock slip inside her and her ass clench his cock hard.

Lee concentrated on not moving until her muscles relaxed. As soon as they did, he started to push forward, feeling his cock glide further into her tight orifice. "Oh God baby," he moaned as he continued to push forward. Katie moaned in response, her fists clenching the pillow under her head. When Lee was all the way in, he bent over and whispered in her ear, "Am I hurting you baby? If I am, I'll pull out right now and we'll stop."

"Fuck me. Please." Katie moaned in reply as her fists slowly let go of the pillow. 

Lee pulled almost all the way out and slowly slid in again, feeling like his cock was going in deeper this time. He continued pulling almost all the way out and slowly pushing back in all the way until he felt Katie push back against him. He knew that she was ready for him completely now. 

Grasping her hips he pulled his cock all the way out and then thrusted all the way back in hard and deep, just the way they both enjoyed it. Lee was reeling from sensory overload. Seeing her ass presented to him like that, feeling his cock buried deep inside her, smelling her arousal, hearing her moans, was making him crazy with desire. He grabbed Katie by the shoulders and thrusted in even harder. "Do you like that? Does that feel good?" he asked her. 

"Yes!" she screamed in response, her hand between her legs, her fingers rubbing her clit fast and furious. 

Lee knew he was going to explode very very soon. "Cum for me baby," he sternly ordered. "Cum now Katie." 

Her ass clenched his cock hard as her body shook while she came. "Fuck!" Lee yelled as he shot his load deep into her ass. He spanked her ass hard twice as he filled her with his seed. Katie's head shot up as he spanked her and she clenched his cock hard again. 

He collapsed on her back, pushing her against the bed, kissing her back as he did. She continued to clench and release him, milking his cock to make sure she had every last drop. 

As he slid out of her, Katie sighed and whispered, "Thank you baby; that was wonderful. If I would have known this would happen, I would have played with myself in front of you a long time ago!"