 Pulling on his suit coat, John left the bathroom and entered the spartan bedroom. Apart from the bed, the dresser, and a mirror the room was not much more than empty white walls and cardboard boxes. Hearing him draw close, Lucy propped herself up on one arm and opened her eyes. Her disheveled hair hung down behind her as she tilted her head to look at him. The strap of her black nightgown hung down her arm, one of her breasts threatening to spill out of the top. Her face was all natural and her eyes were sleepy.

Lucy hated how she looked first thing in the morning. John thought she looked like perfection.

"Mmm... Do you have to work late again tonight?" she asked in a drowsy, pitiful voice.

Leaning down, John gave her a tender kiss on the lips, his tie grazing across her ample chest. 

"Yes, love, I do," he replied softly, his face held close to hers. "New position at a new office. It is critical I make a good impression this week."

Grabbing his tie, Lucy pulled John's face back for another quick peck. "But you've been working late all week since we moved here," she retorted.

"And we'll spend the weekend together," John promised.

"Unpacking," she said with a sexy little frown.

"What would you have me do?"

"Well," Lucy began slowly, giving him another quick kiss. "You could call in sick and stay in bed." Pulling on his tie, she drew him down lower so she could whisper in his ear, "And I'll put on that sexy nurse outfit from two Halloweens ago and take care of you."

John closed his eyes at the image, sighing slightly. "You know I want to," he finally managed, "But I can't. I'm sorry baby."

"I know," she sighed.

Their lips met once more, this time Lucy's mouth opened and they both moaned softly as their tongues touched. Straightening from the kiss, John adjusted himself. His hardness pressed against his black slacks made Lucy grin.

"I'll see you tonight."

"Mmm-hmm," she responded as she stretched across the bed; her pink nipples teasing him from the top of her lacy nightgown.

With his cock throbbing against his boxer briefs, John left the room before she could break his will completely. But, before he had even reached the car John's phone vibrated.

Sorry. I just miss you, the text message read.

I miss you, too, John sent in reply as he got into the car.

By the time he got out of their new neighborhood, the phone buzzed once more. Picking it up off the seat, John checked it quickly even though he couldn't reply.

My pussy really misses your cock, it read.

Moaning slightly, John dropped his phone and turned on some music. Nearly an hour later he arrived at work, and noticed two more messages sent about twenty minutes apart.

So does my mouth, the first one said.

And so does my ass, finished the next.

Groaning to himself, he forced himself out of the car, his slacks pushing tight against his growing hardness.

By the time he reached his desk, he had already been asked to attend two meetings later in the day. Both were extremely important and would require some preparation. Grateful that he did not heed Lucy's advice, he logged into his computer. Taking a moment, he focused his mind on the work in front of him, no longer consumed by thoughts of Lucy's delectable pussy.

As he worked, an email from Lucy popped up, breaking his concentration. It was titled, "WHERE ARE MY CLOTHES?" He frowned slightly, knowing that she had already unpacked most of them and placed them in the dresser in their room. Upon opening the email, John found there was no text, only a picture - a picture of Lucy naked in their bed. His immediate reaction was to chuckle at her playfulness, but that only lasted long enough for his lust to take over.

Instead of quickly closing the image from embarrassment, John couldn't help but stare at her flawless body. Full breasts tipped with rosy nipples, crinkled and tight from either the cold or arousal, or both. Her beautiful, hairless sex between those supple thighs. Her soft, tanned skin that he desperately needed to touch. He could almost smell her, the feminine scent of her skin mingled with the aromas of her vanilla body butter and floral shampoo.

Finally, John tore himself away from the image and tried to focus back on the work ahead of him.

An hour later, his phone buzzed again. Looking away from the notes he was preparing for the first meeting, John opened the text. This time it had a picture attached.

Nevermind. Found something, it read. The image attached to it made his breath catch. Lucy was standing in their bedroom, before the tall mirror. Boxes filled the background but he hardly noticed; all he could see was the gorgeous woman staring out of his phone at him. A frilly white teddy held her breasts perfectly, displaying a deep cleavage and ample bosom that made his heart race. The flimsy material did nothing to hide her hard nipples or the matching white thong on beneath it. He wasn't sure how long he stared at his phone, but finally he pulled himself away and made his way to the meeting before he was late.

Near the end of the first meeting John felt his phone go off again. He was almost scared to check it, but also incredibly excited. Once the meeting ended he filed out of the conference room and pulled out his phone. His dick began to thicken in anticipation before he had even opened it as he backed into a corner to prevent anyone else from looking over his shoulder.

I hope you're having a good day, my love, was all it said.

Busy, but good, John replied, feeling disappointed, but a bit relieved.

A minute later his phone buzzed again with her response.

Me too, her message said, attached to another picture. This time it was a close up of a smooth glass dildo, the head and most of the shaft buried deeply inside Lucy's glistening, waxed pussy.

John nearly dropped his phone as his cock came to life in his pants. His breathing became shallow, body tingling with lust, as he headed to a bathroom stall to calm down.

Do you have any idea what you're doing to me? John texted back.

Maybe you should show me.

For a moment he debated with himself, but his swollen dick was begging to be released from its confines. In short order the debate was won and his cock was free - throbbing and erect. A drop of precum sat on the tip, squeezed out by his hand as he unconsciously stroked the shaft while aiming the camera on his phone. John took the picture quickly before anyone else could come into the restroom and sent it to Lucy before deleting it from his phone.

As he finished his lunch he finally got a response, That is so unfortunate.

What is? he responded, feeling confused.

That tasty precum, and me not there to lick it up for you.

God, she was driving him crazy, and wouldn't stop. All day long he tried to focus on his work, but he couldn't go thirty minutes without getting some kind of a dirty message or picture from Lucy . His mind was constantly torn between thoughts of budgets and project plans and fucking her relentlessly. It was a wonder he managed to get any work done at all.

During his afternoon meeting, John had nearly completed a presentation when his phone began vibrating incessantly. Ignoring the phone call, he continued with the presentation, but his phone began to ring again. He frowned slightly, two calls back to back meant an emergency.

"One moment please," he said to the room as his phone buzzed again - this time it was the tell-tale buzz of a text message.

Emergency, answer quick, it said.

Rushing out to the hallway, his phone rang again and he answered it immediately.

"Baby, what's wrong?" John answered in a panic.

All he could hear on the other end was a quiet moan. At first he was worried Lucy was sick or in pain. But the second moan was louder, a moan that he knew well. John knew he should hang up and return to his presentation. Yet, he couldn't pull himself away. His mouth had gone dry, and he began to pace the hall. Eyes looking at the floor, palms sweaty, he was hypnotized by the sound of her sultry voice.

John quickly lowered the volume on the phone as Lucy's moans became louder and more urgent, with gasps and cries punctuating her pleasure. In the background he could hear the faint wet sounds of something toying with her pussy. John couldn't tell if it was a toy or her fingers, but it didn't really matter. His cock was long and hard down one pant leg, and as he walked John could feel a drip of precum leaking onto his leg.

Meanwhile, her cries grew to a crescendo. Finally peaking, the ecstatic, worldless screams of her orgasm nearly brought him to his knees. John could hear her gasp for breath as she came down from that blissful high. Then one long content sigh and the line went dead.

John stopped in the hallway - temporarily disoriented - uncertain where in the building he was. Eventually, he made his way back to the conference room and apologized. He was not entirely certain his excuse made any sense, but he finished the presentation and no one seemed to notice anything was wrong.

By the time dinner rolled around Lucy had tormented him further. Message after message, picture after picture. His mind was nothing but a fog of lust and hormones. His colleagues talked to him, but all he could manage was non-committal responses.

Just as his mind cleared enough for him to consider what to do about dinner John received another message from Lucy.

Hungry? it asked. 

Attached was a picture of her perfect pink pussy, held open by two slim fingers. John could see the delicate inner lips, slick with her arousal; she knew they were his favorite part of her. Lucy's swollen clit peaked out above her lips from beneath its hood, begging for attention. John could nearly taste her just looking at it.

Overwhelmed with lust and need, he told his colleagues that she was sick and needed him to take care of her; which wasn't entirely untrue. John made his way quickly from the office to his car and sped home. The drive was a blur, all he could think of was her. 

John's phone vibrated twice more on the drive home, but he ignored it. Whatever Lucy had sent couldn't possibly make him any more aroused than he already was, and the thoughts running through his mind as he rushed home ensured that his throbbing manhood faced no risk of waning.

Reaching their new home, he rushed into the house and called for her, dropping his bag as he slammed the door shut. Still standing in the hallway, John heard the click of heels on the hardwood floor. He was stunned, momentarily, as she entered the hallway. Lucy's long brown hair was done up in a bun above her head, loose hairs framing her perfectly made up face. All she was wearing was a short, black silk robe that barely reached the middle of her thigh, showing off her long tan legs. The robe's cinch was tied loosely, so that the robe created a long narrow neckline nearly reaching her navel. And on her feet were a pair of black heels, little more than straps across her feet and around her ankles.

"Oh," she began with mock surprise, "I didn't expect you home until nine at the earliest." As she spoke, her hands pulled at the cinch around her narrow waist. As it dropped, the robe slipped open and she dropped her arms so that the robe fell into a pile around her feet. 

"Was there something you needed?" she asked with a smirk, so effortlessly seductive.

Her body was magnificent. Perky, round breasts that fit so perfectly in John's hands. Their curves were mesmerizing; and those pink nipples sitting on the tips - all he wanted to do was take them into his mouth. Below her breasts, Lucy's flat stomach was so inviting, ready for his kisses as he made his way down her body. In his mind, John could remember the feel of his hands on his lover's soft skin as they traced the curves of her waist and hips. Hips decorated by a thin, black lacy band holding up the sheer, black triangle of her thong that was hiding her sex from his view.

John might have been in a trance, but Lucy was not. He watched as she walked, her hips swaying, her eyes staring at him with lust. Her movement broke his trance and he made his way to her, meeting in the middle of the hallway. Like most of the house, it was empty save for a decorative table and a few boxes of pictures waiting to be hung on the walls. Beside the table John took Lucy into his arms, one delicate hand running over the stubble of his cheek as their lips met. He pulled her nude form into him so that only her toes touched the ground as their tongues greeted each other.

Reaching up, John ripped the long hairpins from her bun and tossed them down the hall, her hair falling down behind her naked back. His hand slipped into her freed hair, holding her face to his as they kissed. As their lips pressed together, John could feel her hardening nipples scratching at his chest through his dress shirt. The tips of their tongues teased one another, and occasionally he would pull her lower lip between his, and she nibbled on his in return.

His other hand slid up her body until it cupped one of her exquisite breasts, so soft in his hand. His thumb brushed over her nipple and John felt her moan against his mouth. Lucy broke their kiss and her lips moved to his ear. He cocked his head to the side slightly and she gently tugged on his earlobe with her teeth before whispering, her breath warm on his skin, "You're wearing too many clothes."

Immediately, John began to pull at his tie, dropping it to the floor while kicking off his shoes. As he worked to pull his shirt out of his pants, her hands began to work on his belt. Once it was unclasped, Lucy dropped to her knees before him. 

John let out a soft moan of approval as he saw her kneel down. Her heels stuck out behind her ass, the tiny triangle of fabric from her thong resting just above her ass cheeks. The sight sent his fingers to work, frantically trying to undo the buttons of his shirt as her slim fingers worked on the button and zipper of his pants.

Not surprisingly, Lucy finished first. Reaching her fingers into his pants, she grasped both his pants and boxers and pulled them down, quickly freeing his already hard cock. Her lips swiftly sought it out, kissing the red head before letting the tip slip into her mouth.

"I love the taste of your precum," she said after drawing his hardness back out of her mouth, her eyes met his, filled with an intense longing for him. With his pants at his feet, John moved to step out of them and Lucy impressively caught his socks, yanking them off in the process. With only a few buttons on his shirt preventing him from being fully nude, John felt one of her hands grasp the base of his cock, her other hand gently running over his full balls. 

Before the next button was undone, John felt her mouth wrap around the head of his cock and a moan from his lover sent a slight vibration running down the shaft. Reflexively he thrusted forward, pushing more of his thickness into her warm, wet mouth.

Lucy's long tongue swirled around the head of his cock, causing him to groan just as he finally freed himself from his shirt and added it to the pile on the floor. Now free from his clothes, John's hand returned to her dark hair, gripping it more tightly as Lucy's mouth worked over his dick and her fingers ran over his smooth sack. John growled and his hand gripped her tighter as her other hand, now wrapped around his thick shaft, began to tighten and release as it slowly moved up and down his manhood.

Reaching down, John's other hand grabbed her wrist tightly, tugging it. Lucy looked up at him, her eyes confused - crimson lips still wrapped around his thickness. Releasing his shaft, she moved her hand to his hip. With her hand out of the way, John began to thrust powerfully into her mouth, fucking it; the head of his cock pressing firmly against the entrance to her throat on each thrust. Clamping her lips tightly around the shaft, Lucy began to suck forcefully, her cheeks caving in as she gradually pulled back her head until John popped free from her mouth. Strings of saliva and precum connected his swollen cockhead to her lips as she caught her breath. The excitement from the obscene scene before him made John's cock twitch with need.

Her other hand moved from his balls to his hip so that she was holding both hips in her hands. Opening her mouth wide, she drew him back inside her hot, wet mouth. John could feel the pressure from her tight throat for a moment and then it eased and he felt the head of his cock slip further down her tight throat as she devoured him. 

Both of his hands gripped her head as it began to bob back and forth as she fucked his cock with her greedy throat. The pressure in his balls began to build and John could tell he wouldn't last much longer. His breathing halted and he let out a moan, muscles tightening as he tried to hold back the tide, not wanting to let their reunion end so soon, but refusing to let his cock leave the warm, tight confines of Lucy's throat. At the last possible second John pulled her hair, forcing her off of his cock. 

"Stand up," he told her, his voice breathless but commanding.

As she rose to her feet, he turned her and pushed his gorgeous lover onto her back over the long decorative table. Now it was John's turn to kneel as he began to kiss his way up her supple thigh. When his lips moved higher, Lucy hooked her other leg over his shoulder, the heel of her shoe gently pressing into his back. One of his hands slipped around her leg, pulling her thong to the side, presenting him with her alluring, hairless pussy. His cock swelling and pulsing at the scent of her arousal.

When his lips reached the smooth, tender flesh between her thighs, John felt her body tense, the spike on her shoe pressing harder into his lean back for a moment as she gasped with anticipation and pleasure. Her breasts rising up as she arched her back. He moaned at the sight of her body reacting to his kisses and then placed a tender kiss on the center of her slit. 

When his lips pressed onto hers, John could feel them spread slightly, giving his lips a tiny coating of her juices. He couldn't help but moan at the wetness soaking onto his lips. Separating his lips, he allowed his tongue to peek out, the tip just barely pressing in between her nether lips. Up and down his tongue moved, gently parting her folds so that her juices flowed onto his taste buds. As Lucy's flavor filled his mouth, John pushed forward, pressing harder between her legs, his tongue forcing its way down to her delicate inner lips. The sudden sensations of the tip of his tongue gliding between her small, sensitive lips caused Lucy to gasp, her hands grabbing his head, fingers running through his short brown hair.

His free hand ran over her hips, thighs and belly as his tongue continued to manipulate her sweet, wet slit. Gradually, John worked his tongue up to her clit, teasing and pressing against her tender nub. Her thighs tightened on his head and Lucy struggled to breath. Her fingernails dig into his scalp, encouraging his tongue's assault on her hidden pearl. Just as her gasps and cries told him that she had reached that glorious edge, John stopped. 

He drew back and Lucy's legs and hands tightened as she tried to hold him down. The heel of her shoe pushed sharply and painfully into his back, but John ignored it. The lovers remained locked in their carnal struggle - Lucy pulling him towards her sex, John keeping himself mere centimeters away. The scent of her arousal filled him and it was absolutely intoxicating, it took every bit of his will to keep from finishing what he started. 

John was certain she could feel his hot breath running over her sensitive pussy; certain because his hand on her hips could feel the shivers that ran through her body whenever it happened. Gradually, her panting slowed, and John felt Lucy's muscles begin to relax, slowly releasing him.
