 He came home from work with an odd gleam in his eye.

"I've been thinking about you all day," he pants. "I got reprimanded at work for not paying attention to the cabinet I was building."

"Oh really," I giggle. "I'm sorry?"

"You should be. Come here." He still has that odd manic glint in his eye. 

"Why?" I ask with a sudden wariness.

Without a reply he grabbs my hair, wrenching me to him and kissing me deep. His probing tongue, his softly nibbling teeth and the firm hand intwined in my hair make me go all weak, and when he suddenly breaks the kiss, I go limp. He reaches around and quickly gives my round, full ass a nice slap.

"I have wanted you so bad all day. You'd better brace your self. I'm gonna ride you HARD. But first, I want you to suck me off."

Looking up at the look in his eyes, I dare not disagree. I drop to my knees right there in the kitchen and remove his pants. I take his already throbbing hard member in my mouth and begin to suck like my life depends on it. This has always been one of my strong suits. I know I give a great blow job. 

He begins to moan with the pleasure, but refuses to give into it. I suck and lick as hard as I can. I run my tounge from the base of his dick to the very tip, circling the tip with my moist tongue, then plunging the whole thing to the back of my throat, causing him to buckle his knees a bit. 

"Oh my god..." he cries with the repressed urge to climax. I wish he wouldn't hold it back. It's been about twenty minutes and my jaw is begining to hurt. I decide to step it up a notch. With one wildly long, deep hard suck, he can hold back no longer and cums, splattering the back of my throat with his seed. I suck even harder, swallowing every last drop. He colapses into a chair my the table, breathing very hard.

"How was that my love?" I inquire. In reply, all he can do is grab my hair again and kiss me with more passion than I have ever felt from him. 

After a few minutes recovery, with me sitting in his lap, stroking his chest, he says "Thank you for that. It was so good, you need a reward."

Without another word he swings me around and places me on the table. Slowly, he removes first my jeans and then the pink satin thong that I wear only for him. He traces his fingers up my belly, laying me down before him, and then kisses back form where his fingers were, all the way to my waiting pussy. A few good kisses and licks to the slit, and I begin to open up for him. He takes a deep smell of my freshly washed and shaved cunt. I know it smells like clean, eager pussy juice, because I can smell it, too. He suddenly begins to lick and suckle at my achingly aroused clitoris, making me cry out in pleasure and surprise. God, it's so good! Just as I am getting close to a good hard climax, He surprises me yet again, thrusting two of his big, knowledgable fingers into my sopping wet pussy hole. I scream from the sudden joy of the extra stimulation, and it sends me over the edge to the most cataclismic orgasm of my life. I try to contain the loud and uncontrolable sounds issuing from my mouth and I fail. 

When the waves of pleasure have subsided for the moment, I reach down for his face, pulling it towards me for a kiss greater in heat than the burning of Rome.

He picks me up in his strong arms and carries me to the bed, placing me gently on the covers. He slowly strips me of my shirt and bra, seeming to savor every moment of the undressing.

He stares me in the eye as he gently cups one of my breasts. Suddenly, he dips his head down and catches my nipple in his hungry mouth. He sucks and nibbles until I am again moaning with pleasure. When he looks in my eyes, he says "What do you want?"

I look back at him. "I want you...inside me," I gasp.

Quickly moving between my legs, he positions him self at my entrance, teasing me with the light pressure of his head on my soft wet pussy lips. I can't take it and I buck hard against him, thrusting him deep in side me.

"Uh-uh-uh" He chuckles. Staying still in me for an infuriating length of time, he stares down at my body with lust in his eyes. With out warning he grabbs my legs, flings them into the air, and begins pounding away. 

"Oh, GOD, that's good!" I cry as the pace quickens. He begins to moan in his lust, and after a while, I can feel that he is getting ready to cum again. 

"Sweetie," I say, "I want you to explode in me. Cum in me like you are claiming me, and look me in the eyes when you do."

He closes his eyes as he pumps in me for a few more strokes. Now I am getting close. I start bucking against him with furious need. All of a sudden, his eyes fly open and he catches my gaze as he cries out in orgasm, spraying my insides with his juices. Seeing the desire and unbridaled pleasure in his eyes sets me off, and I scream as another shattering orgasm rips through my body.

He makes a move to roll off of me. "No," I say. "This is perfect. Don't ever move." Once more I feel his lips close over mine, this time, gentle and loving. He bows his head next to mine to rest it on the pillow, and I whisper in his ear "I love you so much"

"I love you too."