 Driving home heading north on the highway wasn't helping with my attitude any. The other idiot drivers had to be thinking they were on a NASCAR track, driving drunk, or from an angry husband because I've used my middle finger more today than I have in the past month.

After another day from hell working for an ignorant beer bellied balding foul smelling fucktard had pushed my sanity passed tolerances I haven't felt for some time.

I had made one stop on the way home and I made a small prayer that it wouldn't come back and bite me in the ass later.

All I wanted to do now was get home, have a beer, sit down and watch a few minutes of news before my wife got home and started another tirade for some unknown reason.

I had an idea to get us out of the rut we were in, hence my stop on the way home. If what I had planned didn't work, I wasn't sure our marriage would continue.

It sure seemed like I couldn't do anything right lately. If I gave her a million dollars and an orgasm I'd get shit about, "If you really loved me you'd given me two million dollars and two orgasms!"

I should tell you a little something about my wife. She is 5'2" tall with short brown hair, the most beautiful bluish gray eyes ever put in a woman, 38D breasts, nice toned legs and a cute ass. Now if her soul didn't belong to Satan right now she would be the person I fell in love with so many years ago and I wouldn't mind going home. 

But now she's more shrew than spouse and I wake up every morning reaching for my nuts hoping they were still attached.

When we met I was working a summer job in a packing plant to make a few bucks between the summer and fall semesters. I first spotted her walking the halls of the plant and just fell in awe of her. She was wearing tight blue jeans and a yellow top that was snug enough to show how incredible her breasts really were. "GOOD JOB GOD!"

I was in the best physical shape of my life at the time spending hours in the gym every week lifting weights. OK I'll admit I was not then nor am I now the stereotypical 6'2" stud muffin with blond hair and blue eyes that you read about in so many erotic website stories. Sorry but those fuckers will just have to live with their deformities.

Back then I was 5'8" tall, but it was solid muscle with a full head of hair and all my teeth. Now, I'm still 5'8" (surprising huh?) not solid muscle, but I still have an athletic build, most of my hair and all my teeth so what's not to love? 

Work kept me from getting close enough to her to say hello for several days, but I was confident it was going to happen. Our eyes met a few times but beyond seeing they were an off shade of blue, I couldn't tell much of anything else.

Eventually I was placed on her packing line as a parts supplier which forced us together whenever she needed packing product. So when the opportunity came up I just hoped I wouldn't make a damn fool of myself. 

Being the shy guy I was and the opportunity finally arrived, the only line I could come up with was, "Are you having fun yet?" I wasn't too sure of her response as I went dumb after I looked into her eyes! Those eyes! Nothing was so beautiful as those eyes! I shook myself into reality and saw her smile. OK, not a disaster. Get back to work.

But those eyes! It was love at first sight for me. Long story short, we met in August, moved into together in January, married in May. Baby girl came in October. Another baby girl came 14 months later. Both as beautiful as their mother!

25 years later the kids gone and we're empty nesters. Our life has become debt, work too many hours, eat out and go to bed (sex...yeah right). 

As I pulled into my drive the first thought that came to my mind was, "LET THE NAGGING BEGIN!!" Resigned to my fate as I seen I did not beat my wife home. No cold beer and no few precious minutes of solitude before the berating began. Oh well, suicide is always an option...but I wasn't ready to give her the satisfaction...yet.

As I entered the back door leading into the kitchen I set my briefcase on the table and noticed a note on the refrigerator door reading, "You can have yourself a cold beer and watch television or you can come upstairs, have yourself a hot wife and watch your fantasy come true!" My mouth hit the floor, "WHAT THE HELL?"

I should tell you I have a fantasy of coming home and finding my wife masturbating on the bed! May sound creepy to some of you, but who can say that watching a woman in sexual bliss is anything but beautiful?

Well you know of course me being a man with the choice of a beer or a naked wife, even my nagging wife, was an easy one to make. She hasn't touched me in weeks so I went for hot wife!

I slowly made my way up the stairs not sure what was happening. As I got closer I could hear soft moans coming from our bedroom. My heart rate increased along with the bulge in my pants at just the sound of her moans. The door was only slightly open. Peering through the gap in the door I could see that my wife was laying on the bed totally nude. "Holy shit, is this really happening?"

My wife was massaging her breast with one hand as the other was down between her legs. Her fingers were slowly rubbing the flesh of her clean shaven mound. That part of her anatomy has been so elusive to me as of late I almost forgot what it looked like and now it was completely exposed.

Here was my wife, my beautiful wife, getting herself off! Not only that but she was doing this for me!

Her legs began to open wider as her moans became louder. The hand between her legs was moving the length of her slit. I could see her wetness on her fingers and the look of bliss on her face as she continued rubbing herself. 

I couldn't help myself. I unzipped my fly and pulled out my seven inches of throbbing manhood. I slowly stroked its length as I watched my wife. 

As her one hand would squeeze her magnificent breasts the other was making circular motions on her labia. Faster movements and louder moans came from her as she worked herself toward orgasm. Both hands were now feverishly working her as she spread the lips open and teased the opening of her vagina. Fingers working in unison rubbing her opening and her button as her eyes were closed in the pleasure of the moment.

I pushed past the door opening so I could get closer to her, dropping my clothes as I went. She opened her eyes and looked at me and smiled. A look of longing came to her as she watched me strip. I stood there naked and hard for just a moment as I sat next to her on the bed. At no time did she slow her assault on her shaven sex. Her wetness increased more and more as her fingers continued their work.

I reached and touched her leg making her gasp while I kept stroking my cock. Reaching for her I slowly dragged my fingers up her inner thigh lightly touching the skin stopping short of the area her fingers were still feverishly working.

I looked into her eyes and seen something that hasn't been there for some time...Love... Love for her husband!

We spoke no words. I could sense she was close to her orgasm. Her breathing increased and her moaning became louder. The sight of her was incredible. I could take no more.

I reached for her and squeezed her breasts pinching her nipples causing another gasp to escape her mouth. Lowering my mouth I began kissing her neck moving to her face kissing and licking as I went. I placed my mouth over hers and our tongues met. She reached for my hardness and used her thumb to spread the pre cum around the head making me groan from the pleasure of her touch. Her other hand never slowed its assault on her sex to the point taking her to the point of no return.

Moments passed and our breathing became heavy and the sounds of love louder. I continued rubbing her breasts pinching her nipples harder while she rubbed her vagina at a feverish pace and my penis faster and faster.

Finally we reached our limits. I let out a loud moan as I began to cum like never before spurting time and time again. I sensed her time was near. I opened my eyes to watch her body tremble as she screamed when her orgasm over took her.

The sight of her losing control and experiencing such a powerful orgasm was wonderous. 

As we came down from the excitement and our breathing come back to normal I laid next to my wife and held her kissing her gently on the face. She opened her eyes, those beautiful eyes that I have been lost in for over 25 years, and smiled at me. 

"Honey, that was incredible! You've never done that before. Why now?" I asked. She said "Because I know I've been a real bitch for a while and I wanted to make it up to you." I replied "Well you did that all right! But still, why have you been so bitchy?"

"I don't know, I just think we got ourselves into one boring routine after another and we let ourselves get too involved with unimportant things. We got away from us and I decided to do something about it." She lowered her eyes slightly before she looked back, "Besides, secretly I've always wanted to do this for you but I was too scared to do it. But honestly, that was fun and I want to do it again. And watching you stroke your cock really threw me over the edge and pinching my nipples..." I felt her body shiver.

"Now please don't get upset with me, but I have a fantasy I want you to consider and I don't want you to answer me right now, OK?"

"As long as it doesn't involve you having sex with another person, I'll consider it."

"OH God No! Never! And you better not ever let another woman touch you! Understand?"

"I never would. Now what is your fantasy?"

"Well I always thought it would be fun to make love on a white sandy beach along side beautiful blue ocean water."

I got a tremendous smile on my face, kissed her on the cheek and got out of bed telling her I would be right back. I went down stairs and took an envelope from my brief case. Getting back in bed my wife had a worried look on her face, but after I pulled her in tight and gave her another kiss I handed her the envelope and told her to open it, "I think this should take care of that fantasy of yours."

Earlier in the day I began to feel just the same as my wife about being in a terrible rut and was worried for my marriage, so I stopped and bought two tickets for a seven day vacation cruise to the Caribbean that involved a few island stops.

When she saw the tickets and read the itinerary tears formed in her eyes. "You are a wonderful husband. Does this mean you'll let me have my fantasy?"

"You better believe it babes." As I looked into those beautiful eyes of hers I knew the love was back where it belonged and I fell even deeper in love with her.

We again expressed our love for one another and fell asleep after in each others arms.

The last conscious thought I had before I went completely out was that we were going to be OK.