 A few years back I was offered a teaching job at a University out of state. Moving out of Texas can be a huge task. I was moving west to California. Since I lived close to the Gulf Coast, I was dreading the 28 hour drive that was ahead of me. I had thought about renting a truck but I settled on a moving service. All I had to worry about now was getting my vehicle to my new home. The prospect of driving alone for two days through some of the most desolate parts of the United States didn't thrill me. So I turned to Julie.

Julie was my best friend, of the non-sexual type. She was great. She laughed at my jokes, liked my cooking, and helped me out with shopping. She was always up for a movie, when I didn't want to go by myself. We went everywhere. I had been burned badly by my last girlfriend and Julie was just what the doctor ordered.

Moving to a new state was going to be hard for me. Not only did have no friends or relatives in California, I would be leaving behind my best friend in Texas. So I decided to ask Julie to at least ride with me.

"Come on, it will be great. We'll leave on Thursday morning and I'll fly you back on Monday morning just in time for your job, " I pleaded with her. "You've never been to California and I would love your company."

"Fine, I'll go. But you have to take me shopping when we get to San Francisco," she conceded.

So we loaded up my SUV with everything but an invasion army. We had food, music, books, and even DVD's that played on a little dash mounted screen. I was pushing the last of the load into the back of my Durango when Julie showed up. I had told her to dress comfortably, but I had never seen her like this. She usually dressed modestly. I don't think I had ever seen her cleavage or very much of her legs before that night. She was wearing short cut-off jean shorts and a tank top. She was stunning.

I had always known she was stunning, from the way that other guys would sniff around her. But that night she really rubbed my nose in it. She was not much shorter than me, at 5'6" and weighed around a buck ten. But her curves were in all the right places. She must have been at least a 36D, and I swear I could touch my fingers together when my hands were on her waist. She didn't have on any makeup, which was the first I had ever seen her like that, but she still managed to glow.

"Wow," I stammered, looking her up and down. "Uh . . . . is it laundry day or something?" I was teasing her now and she knew it. She posed with her hand on her hip with her other hand up behind her head, threw back her head and said, "Don't I look yummy?"

"No. Not really." I joked. I walked over and hugged her as we both laughed. Somehow she just felt different in my arms. It was like an innocence between us had been lost. It was both scary and exciting. "We should be going. I want to take you shopping and out to dinner when we get there. Are you ready?"

"Let's do it!" She was like a kid going to her first day of school.

The first two hours we just talked. We talked about work and the other meaningless things that two friends talk about. I was driving the first leg. I had decided to stick to the back roads for awhile. So I would drive until evening, when we reached the interstate. I figured I would let Julie drive for a few hours and then I'd take over. Driving during the late night hours was fine with me. I'm more of a night owl anyway.

Around seven in the evening we stopped for dinner. We didn't really eat alot since we had been snacking on our supplies all day. We were back on the road by eight. Julie was driving. She joked about not being able to reach the pedals. She had never driven my Durango before.

"Where are the controls for the seat?", she asked.

"Right there," I said, pointing to the arm rest on her door.

"Where?"

"Oh, good grief. You must be blind," I said as I leaned across her lap and adjust the seat for her. Her breasts tickled my ear as I did so. I didn't flinch away because I felt wonderful just to touch her in this new way. I didn't want it to stop.

"I love these leather seats. They're great." She was doing her Tony the Tiger impersonation. "Something about the way they feel on my skin, I love it." She was wiggling in the seat. Something about the way her breasts bounced, I loved it. She ask me to put on a CD for her since the rock radio stations in West Texas are sparse. I popped a few of her favorite CD's into the changer beneath my seat, then settled back. I decided to take a nap, since I would be driving all night. I reclined my seat all the way back, slipped off my shoes, and promptly fell asleep.

I must have been having a really great dream because when I woke up, I had the biggest erection. I peeked through my eyelids over a Julie. To my amazement, she was staring at my crotch. Eventually, she looked back at the road and made an over-correction to her staring. I decided that was my cue to wake up, or at least to appear to just wake up.

"Damn, girl. Try not to kill us until we at least get out of Texas." I joked.

"Sorry, I . . uh, must have spaced out." she stammered.

I decided to push it and explore some new areas.

"Really, what were you thinking about?"

"Just how much I'm going to miss you. You are my best friend, you know," she sounded so sad.

"I'm going to miss you, too. Who else will I have to take to see bad movies," I smiled.

"Why didn't we ever date? I mean, romantically," she turned the tables on me.

"I guess it just didn't fit us at the time." I couldn't really explain why we didn't date. I was a little curious about it myself now that she mentioned it.

"I wish we had." she replied with a little sadness in her voice. I didn't know what to say. We just drove on in silence for what seemed like an eternity. Finally, Julie broke the silence.

"What do you miss the most about dating?" She was taking control of the situation now.

"I don't really miss it. I'm too busy with work, and I don't have time for all of the head games that women like to play."

"You don't miss the sex," she sounded amazed. "The oral sex?", she amended.

"I guess I miss the sex, but that's a very small part of the whole dating, uh . . . thing." She had me stammering now. This was unusual. I'm rarely at a loss for words. I was a professor, of English for crying out loud.

"But you don't miss the oral sex," she steered it back to sex. "That's a shame. I always liked that part."

"I do miss the oral sex, but . . . .", I let my voice just trail off. In truth, it had been a long time since I had gotten a really good blow-job. I've got pretty good stamina. For a woman to get me off with a blow-job, she either has to be really good, or she has to be able to put in the overtime. My last girlfriend was neither. In fact, neither was the one before her or the one before her.

"But, what?" Julie was being persistent. This was a little shocking since we never really talked about our sex lives. Mainly because I didn't have one and I never asked about hers.

"It's been a long time since I was on the receiving end of some really good oral sex," I confessed. I was looking at her and as she took in what I was saying, she looked sad.

"I'm sorry to hear that. I think I can relate. It's been a long time since I was able to give some one a really satisfying blow-job." Julie grinned at the last.

"What's gotten into you?" Now I was grinning.

"I've been thinking about us and our friendship. I thought that this would be my last chance to have fun with you. I decided that I probably won't get to see you again for a long time, so why hold back?"

This sounded good to me. But I couldn't tell her that. I was still having a hard time seeing her as anything else but my friend. I was sitting there thinking how I could possibly take the next step when Julie spoke up.

"So what were you dreaming about?"

"I don't know. I don't really remember my dreams very often." I was being honest.

"Whatever it was, it must have been exciting." She smiled again and glanced at my crotch, which was still tenting like a circus big-top.

"Uh, yeah. I'm sure it was." I was getting nervous. What was I doing?

"Can I see it?"

"What?" Surely, Julie didn't mean she wanted to see my cock.

"Your package. Your dick. Your manhood." She was serious. She smiled one of her mischievous smiles and winked. "Show me you penis, Jeff."

I sat there for a few seconds trying to take it all in. Here was my best friend, this beautiful woman who had never even shown a sexual interest in me, she's asking to see my cock. This was like some kind of surreal dream. I was looking around for a camera or something. This had to be a joke. But there she was asking for it. She was serious about it.

"Well, I guess I just have to take matters into my own hands." With that Julie reached over with her right hand and unzipped my fly. She reached inside my boxers and grabbed my cock. Her hand was soft and gentle. It was like I was being touched for the first time. Julie sent sparks through my whole body just by touching me, and I knew that she would do so much more than just touch me. She had already gotten me hard as steel.

"This is a surprise. You're bigger than I thought." Julie was stroking me up and down, playing with the head. She traced her finger down the underside of my dick with such a light touch that it almost tickled. She was toying with me. Then she saw it, a drop of precum had formed on the tip of my cock. She scooped it off with her finger and tasted it. "Uhmmm. That's good. You have to give me candy. I need it, Jeff and I think you do, too." She didn't wait for my answer, she just pulled over on the side of the highway.

"Switch me places, it's your turn to drive."

There weren't any cars anywhere near us, so I just jumped out and ran to the driver's side of my Durango with my cock still poking out of my shorts. Once I got inside, Julie pulled my shorts down around my ankles.

"Drive and leave the rest to me."

Julie started to caress my shaft with her left hand. Her right hand was busy cupping my balls. She was getting acquainted with my equipment, measuring it. She leaned over and blew on the tip of my dick. The sensations made me gasp. She looked up at me with a smile. Julie winked just before she turned her head back to my cock.

Thank God for cruise control. I set it for sixty-nine and settled my gaze down at my lap. I looked down just in time to see Julie's lips part as she put the tip in her mouth. She sucked the precum from me like she was drinking a thick milkshake through a very small straw. She swirled her tongue around the tip and sucked for all she was worth. Every touch of her tongue, the feeling of her breath on my crotch, the way her hand was cupping my balls sent shivers through my body.

She opened her mouth and slide all of me inside her mouth. I'm not the biggest guy in the world. I've got seven inches, a very thick seven inches. She took it all until I felt the back of her throat on my dick and her nose was in my pubic hair. Then she swallowed. It was as if her whole body was milking me. She swallowed again. I was in heaven.

Julie began to move her head up and down. When she reached the tip she would turn her head slightly. She was moving her tongue on the tip in the opposite direction. It was fantastic. She was settling into a rhythm now. She was moving her hand with her head like she was jacking me off into her mouth. But it wasn't just some kind of passive bobbing motion. She was sucking and twirling her tongue around my hole, trying to savor every drop of my juices. All I could do is watch her and moan. It was great. It was the best sexual experience that I had had to date. I couldn't believe how she made me feel. She pulled me out of her mouth and looked up.

"Are you close?"

"I'm very close to coming. That feels so wonderful." My voice was raspy. I sounded like I had not spoken in years. It seemed that way to me.

"I could make this last all night." She was teasing me.

"Please, just make me come. I need it. Please, Julie." I was begging. It felt so wonderful.

Julie didn't say anything else. She lowered her head and began again. She was twirling her tongue and jacking me off with her hand. I was in ecstasy. My arms and legs were going numb. I can't explain it. It was as if Julie was sucking the very life from me. I could feel the numbness spreading up towards my body. At the same time I felt the energy of my orgasm building. It was building higher than I had ever experienced before. I was ready to explode.

"I'm coming.", I shrieked. I exploded into her mouth. She kept up with the flow, taking into her mouth, twirling her tongue on the tip of my cock after each spurt. She was still sucking. My orgasm just kept going as she kept sucking. Finally, after what seemed like hours, I was finished coming. Julie was still leaning across my lap, gently licking my cock. She was massaging my balls. She had her hand gripped around the base of my tool, holding it in her mouth. I don't know how I kept us on the road.

After a few minutes, Julie sat back in her seat. She licked her lips and smiled at me.

"That was yummy. Now tell me, was that the best blow-job you ever had." She was giving me a pouty look, like she was eight-years old. I decided to tease her a little.

"No. Actually, I've had better." A blatant lie, if there ever was one.

"Well, I guess I'll just have to keep trying. Wait until we get to California."