 I could hardly believe what had just happened to me. I had just received the best blowjob ever. To top it off, I got it from my best friend. 

Julie had promptly turned towards the door and curled up into a ball. I could hear her breathing softly in her sleep. I was left to my thoughts about our first, and only, sexual experience. I was hoping, very sincerely, that it would not be our "only" sexual experience much longer. 

As I still had several hours left in our trip, I had plenty of time to plan my next move. After all, she had given a hint of what would come when we got to San Francisco. Or more to the point, that she wanted to come when we got to San Francisco. 

As Julie lie asleep in the seat of my Durango, I watched her. Her light brown hair was hiding her face from me, but I know what her face looks like. I wasn't really interested in what I was very familiar with. I was interested in the rest of her gorgeous body. Her skin was light brown. Julies arms and legs were so smooth. I couldn't find a single blemish anywhere that I could see. She was wearing very short, tight khaki shorts. She was curling up into the fetal position in the seat next to me. 

Since her back was towards me, I had a lovely view of her shapely ass. It was so very round. Her ass seemed to beg to be held. My hands ached to knead and caress each pert hemisphere of her bottom. It looked so firm. I strained to find any kind of panty line. I didn't see any. Somehow the knowledge that the only thing beneath Julie's shorts was Julie, excited me. It had only been ten or so minutes since she had brought me to that rocketing orgasm, but I could feel the stirring in my pants. 

I could detect the faint discoloration of her shorts at her crotch. The smell of sex was permeating my SUV. I savored the fragrance like the precious flavor it was. I wanted so desperately to reach over and slip my hand between Julie and her shorts. I was dying to solve the two-fold mystery: Did she have any panties on and was that dark shadow on her shorts caused by her sweet juices? 

I couldn't let myself give into the temptation. If I felt her wet pussy now, I would have to taste it. If I were to taste it, I would have to lick her pussy. If I were to lick it, I would have to know what her pussy feels like around my cock. No, that would have to wait. But the thought was driving me crazy. The wonder and the mystery would serve well enough to fuel my hunger for her. 

Julie would be in for a fantastic weekend of pleasure when we arrive in San Francisco. I lowered my foot on the accelerator as I thought of all the things I would do to her . . . 

Julie's face. That's were I start. I lay her down on the bed and start by kissing her lightly on the forehead, just lightly enough for her to know that my lips are there. I work my way to her cheeks and then to her ears. Licking her earlobes and exploring the sensitive areas is my pure delight! I hear her squealing and squirming under my kiss. Her neck is next. I leave a trail from her ears to the top of her shoulders. Julie is covered in goose-bumps, nipples standing out, hard and crinkled. I can feel her hands holding the back of my head, pulling me closer, as she moans with delight. She begs me to move farther down, to hurry up, to be inside her. But I won't do that. I'm taking my time and teasing her into ecstasy.

Instead of moving my way to her breast, I move down her arm with my mouth. I kiss her arms, starting at the shoulder. I won't move on until I've found all of the sensitive areas and teased them well. I kiss her hands, working each finger as if it were her clit, teasing the tip with my tongue, and licking around each knuckle. I'm making her more excited with each caress of my tongue. Then I work my way back up to her shoulders, revisiting each spot. Each sensitive, moan-causing spot. 

I work my way down to her breasts, kissing and licking in ever smaller circles until I reach her nipples. I've never seen Julie's breasts, but I can only imagine how beautiful her nipples must be from the way I saw her nipples poke through her shirt earlier. What I do know about Julie's nipples is this: I am going to thoroughly enjoy sucking and licking them. 

I take them into my mouth, sucking them, and flicking the tip of her erect nipple with my tongue. Her right nipple, then her left. The right, and the left. Over and over. From her nipples I move to her stomach. I want to kiss every square inch of her soft, flat stomach. 

I taunt and tease her by moving from her navel towards her sex. I move back to her navel and explore it with my tongue. I touch her only with my tongue and my lips. I want her to feel the gentle softness of my tongue only. I want her to concentrate on what I'm doing to her with my mouth. I can't distract her with my hands, at least, not yet. 

I move to her thighs. I kiss her in a beeline from her navel towards her sex. I move to the side just before I reach the top of her slit. Julie, by now, is begging me to lick her clit, to suck it into my mouth so she can come.

I just keep kissing her, and licking her. I move to her thighs and claim each pore with my tongue. I leave nothing untouched, save for her sex. I move to her knees. I sit up and place her lower leg on my shoulder. I begin by kissing the inside of her calve, moving ever so slowly to her ankle. I kiss the ticklish instep of her right foot. I move up to her toes. I give them the same oral attack that Julie's fingers received. 

I move her leg to my other shoulder so I can work my way back up her leg, but on the outside of her calve. Julie has her head tilted back, her eyes are closed. Her mouth has long since been locked into a permanent posture for moaning. Her tongue is flicking over her lips to remoisten them, where her moaning and heavy breathing have dried them out. I smile and keep moving up her leg to her hip and her ass. 

I gently roll her over onto her stomach and kiss her soft ass cheek. I work my way towards the crack of her ass. I pause, briefly, at the top of her ass to kiss and lick it. I pull my mouth away from her and let my warm breath tease and tickle her. I don't explore her ass with my mouth, yet. That will come after I explore her other leg. 

I start, this time on the outside of Julie's leg. I move a little more quickly this time, pausing only at the most sensitive spots, the spots that caused Julie to moan on my first run. I give these extra attention. The back of her knee, the outside of her calve, the inside of her calve, the instep of her foot, each of her five delicious toes earn my oral attention. I begin to work my way back up Julie's leg, on the inside this time.

As I reach bottom of her ass, I touch her for the first time with my hand since this oral assault started. Only briefly do I touch her with my hand, just long enough to pull her onto her hands and knees. 

I move back towards the top of her ass. I kiss every inch, and leave nothing untouched. Julie pushes back towards me when I touch her rosebud with my tongue. As she does so, her cheeks spread naturally before me. Her pussy, swollen and wet in her excited state, spreads. The fragrance hits me in the face like a fist. I almost lose concentration. Almost. 

I am excited by her urge for release and her pushing against my face. I continue my tongue bath of her with renewed vigor. I cover her ass with my mouth, flicking my tongue against the sensitive skin, pushing into her ass with my tongue. Julie is moaning incoherently. I feel a warm drip on my hands which are supporting me on the bed. It is followed by another and another, in a steady trickle. I pull away from Julie's ass to see what it is. She moans in protest. I look quickly because she is pushing against me and whining. Her pussy is swollen and spread wide. I can see the beautiful pink of her sex dripping juices onto my hand below. Now she is ready.

I pull my mouth away from her ass again, which causes a fresh protest from Julie. She doesn't actually say anything. She is beyond words. She whimpers and pushes back against me, shaking her ass as if she were offering her dog his favorite chew toy. This may not be far from the truth.

I lightly lick her pussy lips, which causes her to stop whimpering. I lick her pussy lips down on side and back up the other. I very carefully avoid both putting my tongue into her pussy and touching her clit. I lick her pussy in big circles. From her perineum to just above her clit back to her perineum. Over and over, faster and faster. She is moaning incoherently again. I can see her breast swaying as she pushes back against me. Her nipples drag along the rough comforter on the bed. I slow my pace. 

The circles begin to get smaller. Then I touch her clit, I place my mouth over it and gently push on it with my tongue. Julie shudders with a violent orgasm. I don't let go. I push on her clit with my tongue as if I were trying to flatten it with my broad tongue. As Julie's orgasm starts to subside, I slide my tongue back and forth, as I would to lick an ice cream cone. 

She has started shrieking. Her voice, which was low and breathy earlier, has risen in pitch and volume. She is squealing, one long, loud, incoherent torrent of sound. It is music to my ears.

Her pussy juices are flowing into my mouth as I continue to put pressure on her clit. She tastes sweet and warm. She tastes like a rich combination of raw sex, beauty and joy . . .

"Ttthhhddddd." I had hit the "road titties" put on the highway to warn drivers they are going off the road. This snapped me out of my delicious daydream and back into reality.

Julie stirred but didn't waken. I was only 60 miles from our hotel and forty minutes away from realizing that day dream. I looked down at my shorts. They were tenting from my erection. There was a slight wet spot on the crown of the tent. I was leaking through my boxers and my shorts.

Again, the accelerator went to the floor. I had no time to waste.