 Sven the younger sighed audibly as the old boat slowly came about on the sun-dappled water. Concentration etched on his face, he sailed as close to the wind as the boat's ancient rig would allow. 

The old lug sail was no longer the most efficient of rigs; now, in the light summer breeze that wafted between the islands, and its age what was gained on one tack was lost on the opposite.

As the remainder of the fleet of dinghies with their more up-to-date rigs sailed slowly into the distance, towards the finish line and the afternoon tea and sandwiches that the regatta day promised, they could only watch.

His girlfriend, Kate, giggled as she said, "They'll think you did it on purpose, like running out of petrol!"

Sven looked worried for a moment, and then said, "They will, won't they? I hope they don't tease you - us - too much."

She laughed. "Well, if they're talking about us, they won't be bothering some other unfortunate, will they?"

She stretched, making herself more comfortable on the bottom boards of the boat. She had spread the sail covers out along the gratings to make sure she didn't get marked through her bathing suit. As the suit tightened a little across her bottom, the lines of her sex were plainly visible, and Sven strained to look, without making it appear obvious. From a distance Kate was almost invisible, with just the top of her head appearing above the boat's gunwale. Sven, up on the aft seat, had positioned himself on the boat's lee side so as to help the sails hang and catch the wind better in the light breeze. It didn't seem to be making any difference.

"Lee - o", he muttered as the boat got to the end of the beat, and slowly round they came and started to lose ground again.

Kate squinted along the deck line and laughed. "We're going backwards again!" Facing back to watch Sven's face, it was difficult to read her expression, her eyes hidden behind the sun glasses. She stretched her bare foot out and ran it along Sven's calf.

"Hey, don't do that - I can't concentrate as it is," he said, desperately trying to contain his thoughts and steer his mind away from the growing erection that his swimming trunks were failing to contain, let alone hide.

Kate giggled again, "What's the matter? Getting too hot? You're going pink in the sun!" She laughed, running her toes up the inside of his thigh. She reached the top and brushed her big toe over the lump that was visibly forming. "My - what's this, I wonder?"

She moved forwards on her hands and knees, and the top of her swimming costume tried valiantly to mask the beautiful breasts than Sven knew were inside. He groaned and, giving up the struggle, moved his own bare feet to her sex. Now it was Kate's turn to whimper, as he ran his toe along the crease of her vulva, down underneath to her sensitive anus. She wriggled and her tits wobbled invitingly before Sven's eyes.

Kate ran her hands along Sven's thigh, and he gasped as she reached his trapped erection. She moved forward and kissed the tip of his penis through the cloth, and Sven felt his heartbeat in his ears as he sang to himself with the pleasure of her touch. He closed his eyes as she slipped her fingers underneath the waistband. Sliding her hand inside his trunks, she moved them down while he eased his bottom off the seat until she could remove them. His penis came free, and Kate now kissed the tip, gently using her lips to remove the pearly drop that had formed. Slowly she eased Sven's foreskin back and took the sensitive head into her mouth, running her tongue round its rim. Sven lay back in the sternsheets, everything subsumed in the waves of pleasure emanating from Kate's treatment of his now overwhelming need.

"God, Kate, I can't hold... stop!" Everything was forgotten but the rising tide that was trying to break free. As he started to buck his hips in time with her suction, Kate scratched his wrinkled sac with a long fingernail. It was too much, and Sven erupted into Kate's hungry mouth. She gently sucked him dry and then cleaned the tip of his penis with her lips.

They looked up and realised the boat had edged into the reeds at the extremities of one of the islands, out of sight of the others and in no danger of moving off anywhere. Sven let go of the tiller and stroked Kate's hair as his penis shrank to a more normal size.

"Mmmm... what brought that on?" he asked.

"Oh, just a feeling of wanting to be naughty in the open air," she laughed.

Sven leaned forward, and she tilted her head to him. As they kissed gently, he tasted the bitterness of his own semen on her lips, and his penis twitched a little at the thought. He slipped down off the thwart onto his knees and kissed Kate more strongly, his hand following the curve of her back to the roundness of her thigh. As they broke to breathe, Kate lay her head on his shoulder and sighed gently. He moved his hand to the shoulder strap of her swimsuit and eased it off her shoulder. Slipping the other one off, he peeled her suit down round her waist, exposing her breasts. He ran his fingers down her chest and circled her nipples, watching, mesmerised, as they sprung to attention.

He ran his fingers on down and cupped her sex through the costume, and she groaned in pleasure. Lying back, she quickly slipped her costume down the remainder of the way and off. Now it was Sven's turn to gasp in pleasure as he saw, for the first time in daylight, the extent of her beauty. Kate looked shyly at him as he took it all in.

"Well?" she asked with a low laugh, touching Sven's penis, which was now erect again. "I think he's voting for an OK on that!" she giggled.

Sven ran his hand across the sandy mat of hair that he had, until now, only felt in the darkness. Now that he could see it as well, it was a thousand times more erotic than ever before. Kate slipped from her kneeling position and lay back on the bottom boards. Sven moved forward and kissed her knee. Sticking his tongue out, he ran it up and across the bottom of her stomach, and then down to her other knee. Waiting no longer, he moved forward and kissed her glistening nether lips. Now it was Kate's turn to groan in pleasure. Sven teased at her opening, running his tongue in the dripping nectar to his goal, his own penis stiffening impossibly as her heady smell drove all thoughts from his head. Kate arched her back in pleasure and cried out as she came suddenly, closing her legs and gripping Sven's head in her thighs.

As she released him and felt herself descending to a more acceptable level, she whispered in his ear, "Now, Love... I want you now..."

"What about--?" 

She cut him off and said, "I'm protected now; quick, make love to me."

Sven needed no second bidding. He eased himself forward into Kate's waiting arms. She held him and steered the tip of his sex into her waiting lips. He gently eased himself into her, and she gasped as he slid all the way home. Slowly they began to pick up an unpracticed rhythm, and Kate lifted her knees and wrapped her legs round Sven's waist. It was all too much, and Sven cried as he came, pressing forward, trying to spear Kate's heart with his thrust.

Kate's eyes shone as she felt him shuddering his love for her, and even though she did not come a second time, she held him tight as the spasms of his intense orgasm died slowly away. She continued to hold him as he crumbled gently into her arms, weeping with mixed joy and pleasure at the shared experience of their first time together. They remained locked together tightly as he slipped out of her, spent totally, having given himself completely to her.

Soon they became aware of a distant puttering; a boat was on its way to tow them in. They slipped on their costumes and poled the boat out from the reeds so that it was sailing again, albeit slowly.

Kate moved forward and Sven refocused on sailing the boat. The launch appeared round the island a few seconds later and came along side. The helmsman grinned at them both. "Thought I'd better come and get you before the tea has all gone; we've kept aside some sandwiches."

As they lashed alongside the launch, he continued, "You've come in last again; you really will have to get a faster boat, Sven."

Kate laughed and said, "I don't think so; I like this one too much."

Sven just laughed.

The End

© Sven the Elder

January 1998.

Reposted April 2011