 "I'm coming over tomorrow." That's what he'd e-mailed her yesterday after he figured everything out. They'd been e-mailing and chatting for months. The sexual chemistry between them was electric, but was only part of the connection they felt. Together they'd hinted about meeting, but the time was never appropriate. Until a month ago. She'd left her boyfriend and he was single too. They had shared pictures of their bodies in semi-erotic poses, but had never shown their faces, wanting to save that for if and when they met for the first time.

Now, he stood at the end of her sidewalk looking at the quaint two-story house. He saw movement in the upstairs window so he knew someone was home. But was it the right someone? He'd already walked by the house about five times, deciding on whether or not to actually go through with it. She'd said if he could find her house to come over. Well, if he was right, this was the house.

Of course, she'd left little clues, but they were quite difficult to follow. Breadcrumbs, she'd called them. It had taken him weeks to figure everything out. Looking in every word, spoken or written, for another hint that just might get him a little closer to the treasure that was her address. And then, of course, he had to make the trip to see her.

The trip had been the easy part. A quick three-hour flight, a small hang-up at the car rental place, and a twenty-five minute drive was all that stood between him and the promise of the fulfillment of his desires. Well, those things and this cursed sidewalk. He paced around, actually taking a few steps toward the front door once. He turned around wondering if it really was the right house and resumed his pacing.

It only took him another five minutes to build up the courage to actually make it to the porch. He paused at the two steps that lead up to the porch landing, but took them with one step and was finally at the front door. Okay, knock he thought to himself. His hand stretched out and rapped three times on the wooden door. He could hear the echoes within.

It was only a minute, but it played as an hour in his head. He heard the turn of the deadbolt and the squeak of the door on its hinges as it slowly opened. A beautiful face peered out at him saying nothing, waiting for him to say something.

"It's me," he said nervously.

"It's you?" she replied. Her eyes narrowed, focusing on his. She looked him up and down, measuring him, evaluating him.

"I never thought I'd make it up here. I never thought we'd actually meet face to face. His palms were sweaty.

She opened the door more, so he could see almost all of her face. She rested her cheek against the doorjamb while she watched him. He could see that she was only in a long t-shirt that just barely covered her panties. He tried not to focus on that, but instead looked at her beautiful eyes. She gazed directly at him, almost as if she could see right through him. Heat flashed through his skin and he couldn't tell if it was from nerves or the sexual awakening she was causing within him.

"You're beautiful," he almost stammered. He winced inwardly. He couldn't figure out why he was so nervous. He'd been with plenty of women before. None of them had been disappointed, so what was he so worried about?

She smiled at his compliment and said a polite thank you. Her face still resting on the door frame, she hadn't yet thought to invite him in. Curiosity blazed in her eyes as she waited for his next words. He took in her green eyes and her light red hair. Her nose was perfectly straight. She had a light little freckle that sat just above her lip, almost like a beauty mark.

"I knew you were going to be beautiful," he said, "but you're gorgeous." He paused for a moment. "I mean, the pictures you sent always hinted at a beautiful face, but since your pictures were only ever really from the neck down, well, I'm just at a loss for words."

She giggled. "You've been talking non-stop since I opened the door. Doesn't seem like a loss of words to me." She opened the door more and nodded her head indicating he should come in. He walked past her smelling a sweet perfume in the air. It was wonderfully fruity and not too musky. Sweet. Just like her e-mails had been. Just like her personality had been.

"Can I get you something to drink?" she asked.

"Wine, if it's not too early. I'm a little nervous and could use it to take the edge off."

She smiled at his honesty. "Red or white?" She walked over and grabbed a bottle of red out of her pantry before he even answered.

"I've been waiting for you to finally make it up my sidewalk," she said. She turned and flashed him a challenging smile. "Took you long enough."

"I've never done anything like this before. I wasn't sure I had the right house. And, yes, I needed to build a little courage up." He smiled and felt a little relieved about her candor. A glass of wine and he'd be fine. She handed him a glass just over half full which he sipped immediately. A smooth pinot noir, he noted.

She drank fully of her glass. "To tell you the truth, I've never done anything like this before as well." She laughed out loud, her laugh filling the empty house. She then drained the rest of her glass before pouring another. The thought of her being nervous put him a little more at ease.

He could see under the long blue t-shirt that she had on a pair of black lace panties. They hugged her tightly and formed well with the shape of her nice ass. Her breasts were braless under the cotton fabric as evident by the prominent appearance of her aroused nipples. The smooth, milky white skin of her long legs was enticing as she stood watching him look at her.

"Like what you see?" she asked.

"You know I do. I've told you numerous times how wonderfully sexy your body is," he responded. "Though, I must say that you look slightly different in person than in your pictures."

She smiled. "It must be the camera...you know..."

He blushed at being misinterpreted. "No, that's not what I..."

She giggled. "Relax, I was just teasing."

With another giggle, she turned and left the kitchen obviously expecting him to follow. She moved to the edge of the couch on the far side from him, bent over to set her glass down on the coffee table while she looked to see if he was watching. He was. With another smile, she sat at and angle on the couch and placed one leg up on it, exposing her panties fully.

His breath caught at her brazenness. She was definitely taking control of the situation, which was not something he was used to, but it also wasn't something he minded at the moment.

He sat at the other end of the couch, also at an angle, facing her. With her eyes on him, she reached down and began to rub her pussy through the lacy fabric of her panties. His penis shifted in his khakis as she rubbed herself ever so smoothly. He moved a bit to allow his penis to adjust and become fully erect. She smirked at his response.

"Ummm..." he tried to start a conversation, but the flare in her eyes told him to shut up. So he did.

Her other hand slid up her stomach and began to massage her left breast through the soft cotton of her t-shirt. She pinched at her nipple, the sensation causing her to close her eyes briefly before she focused her gaze back on him. Her right hand was still rubbing her pussy through the panties, slowly and gently. She eased down the couch a bit, resting her back on the armrest and allowing her knee to fall against the back of the couch.

He sat, watching her as she caressed herself. His cock was at full attention within the confines of his pants. He was completely turned on by her forwardness and her control. He placed his hand on his crotch and began to rub himself a little while he watched her. This sparked a fire in her eyes and she turned up the heat.

She stopped rubbing on her breast long enough to lift her tee up and expose her wonderfully shaped mounds. Her nipples were a perfect size for sucking and her areolas were wonderfully dark against her light skin. He imagined himself taking turns sucking on one breast and then the other.

"Is your dick hard?" she questioned.

He nodded in response afraid his voice would crack and break the spell she had on him. He decided instead to show her. He undid the button that held his khakis in place, and then slowly eased the zipper down, not wanting to look too eager. Pulling the flaps of his fly apart, the outline of his cock was visible in his boxer briefs.

She moaned just a bit at the sight of it. He imagined that she was imagining it in her mouth. He began to imagine it there too. He rubbed himself over the cotton of his drawers still as she slipped a finger under the side of her panties. She used the finger to pull her panties to the side, exposing her completely shaved pussy. Her outer lips were large and smooth, completely covering her inner lips. She used her other hand to spread them apart and work her slit. Her eyes briefly closed again.

He looked at her, trying to take it all in. This wasn't the way he'd imagined things going. He figured maybe a snack, some light conversation, some music in the background. This was just not what was expected. But, fuck, it was hot! His cock definitely confirmed that. Already he could see a small wet spot from the pre-cum that had soaked through his underwear.

She had worked one finger inside of her wetness, using her thumb to stimulate her clit. He could see the shimmer of her juices on her finger as she moved it in and out of her pussy. Her eyes never left him. He imagined she was trying to tell him so many different things with her gaze. He imagined her challenging him; caressing him out of his shell; screaming at him to fuck her. He liked the idea of all of them.

He shifted down off the couch onto his knees. He crawled over to her and grabbed her legs by the back of the knees and pulled him toward her. Her ass slid along the couch until her open panties were right in front of his mouth.

He lowered his lips down on her while her fingers were still inside. She pulled the lace further away from her slit, ensuring his mouth would only taste her pussy. He sucked her clit into his mouth and heard her gasp in response. She withdrew her fingers from her folds and ran them across his lips moistening them with her juices. He sucked them into his mouth, licking them clean before he concentrated again on her clit.

He paused just long enough to slip her panties down her hips and off her ankles. She spread her legs further, no longer constricted by the fabric. She furiously took off her shirt, now fully naked in front of him, and forced his shirt up his torso and over his head as well.

She watched him watch her for a brief moment before she grabbed his head with both hands and forced it between her legs. He sucked her thick lips into his mouth as she pushed her sex forward, craving the sensations he was creating. She began to grind her hips still holding his face in place, covering the lower half from nose to chin in her wetness. She sweet musky scent of her filled him with unbridled lust.

He inserted his first finger into her, slowly fucking her with it while he sucked hard on her fleshy folds. He quickly inserted the middle finger with it, thrusting inside of her firmly. A moan escaped her lips and she breathed her request for a third finger to be inserted. He complied, forming a triangle with his fingers and using them to fill her completely. She groaned with satisfaction as his fingers fucked her steadily, his mouth still providing constant stimulation on her clit.

She started to shake her head as she could feel the build up of her first orgasm. With her hands still on his head, he forced her lips off her pussy so she could gain control of herself again; let things relax a little.

Sitting up, she grabbed onto his pants and began to push them down. He had to lie back so she could pull them off completely. She then pulled his drawers off too. His cock was completely stiff, lying against his stomach. He wasn't exceptionally long, but his girth would make sure she could feel him inside of her.

She grabbed his hardness in her hand and pulled it back until it stood straight up. She eased her mouth over his mushroom tip using her saliva to get it completely wet. She coerced it down her throat until her lips were at the base of his balls. She slipped her tongue out to lick them just lightly. He groaned at being taken fully in her mouth. He'd never had a woman that could deep throat before. She sucked hard as she pulled with her mouth, reaching the ridge of his head before shoving it back into the back of her throat.

She cupped his balls, massaging them gently as she sucked him hard, her mouth and tongue working together to provide intense pleasure. He tasted clean and slightly salty. His head had expanded fully, filling her mouth. She nibbled playfully, using her hand to jack him off, alternating between hand and mouth to stroke his wet shaft. She paused every so often, resting his cock against her cheek as she watched him with his head back and eyes closed.

"Ride me," he said. "I want you to ride my cock."

She let go of his cock to position herself on him. She straddled his hips, facing away from him as she grabbed his hardness again and eased herself onto it. His girth stretched her wonderfully, her wetness allowing it to slide in easily. She placed her hands on his thighs and rested her knees on the floor as she slowly worked her ass up and down ensuring that the angle was just right.

Up and down she worked herself, her pussy lips spreading with each thrust. He matched her rhythm as she sped her hips up, fucking him harder and harder. Her juices slathered his shaft and balls. He held her hips, watching her ass gyrate as he penetrated her pussy. The base of his penis rubbed hard against her at this angle and intensified the feelings. His moans were becoming more frequent as his balls slapped against his legs.

She stopped long enough to reposition herself so that she faced him, and lowered herself on his stiff manhood again, this time her ample breasts flashing in his face. He used his hands to grab her tits and pulled them to his mouth, sucking her nipple into his mouth. He caressed it with his tongue, rolling it in his mouth. She leaned her head back, her nipples sensitive and fully aroused.

His hands grabbed onto her ass as he lifted his hips taking the control from her and began to jackhammer her pussy. She squealed out at the pleasant roughness. Her breasts hung in his face, swaying irregularly as he pumped her viciously. Her wetness dribbled down his shaft. She squeezed a hand in between them, working her clit as his cock pounded her pussy. The sensations together brought about a frenzy of feeling. She began to moan loudly. She rubbed voraciously, craving the sensation of orgasm, willing it to come crashing down over her.

She lowered her head and watched his prick fuck her pussy. The visual of her cunt being used so wildly sent her over the edge into ecstasy. Her muscles contracted, squeezing his cock as she came, her scream piercing the air as she rode the orgasm to finish. The wetness between them was warm and slippery. He slowed to a regular, slow, smooth pace as she calmed.

She moved off his cock and lied down on her back and raised her legs in the air. He knelt in front of her and grabbed both ankles in one hand, keeping her legs closed together and in the air. Using his other hand, he guided the head of his prick in between her wet lips. They spread easily, her wetness still very evident. He buried his hardness to the hilt, his balls hanging to her ass.

He slid in and out, enjoying the friction that stroked his cock. He angled himself back so his cock would rub her inner walls. Her legs were relaxed in his hands as she enjoyed his sensual fucking. She rubbed her breasts, focusing occasionally on her nipples.

"I want to taste you," she breathed. "I want you to cum in my mouth. I want to feel the explosion hit the back of my throat."

The words ignited him, setting him ablaze as he began to fuck her wildly again. Her labia stretched and pulled with each thrust, wrapping his cock as he rammed her. His grunting was getting louder. She held onto her tits so they didn't rock uncontrollably as he filled her sex rapidly. In and out, in and out, wildly his cock prodded her pussy as the sensations built in his balls. His breathing quickened as did his hips. Completely wild now, he fucked her with abandon. She rubbed herself in response, wanting to steal another orgasm before he unloaded in her mouth.

Feeling his cock slide in and out of her cunt was an incredible sensation on her fingers as she plucked and massaged her clit to one last orgasm. She squirted her cum out onto his legs and down her ass. She was so fucking hot at having this man fuck her completely.

He could no longer hang onto the orgasm that was ready to explode from his head. He withdrew from her and she quickly swiveled on her back until her mouth was directly under him. She grabbed his cock in her hand and began to jack it, waiting with her mouth open, anticipating the explosion.

It didn't take long until one last moan escaped him before his semen erupted from the head of his prick into her waiting mouth. He pumped and pumped as she continued to stroke him, now her mouth completely around him, sucking out the remainder of his offering. He shuddered with the sensitivity of his tip once devoid of fluid as she took her mouth off him. He watched her as she swallowed, their gazes locked.

A smile grew on her face as she sat up and reached over placing a wet kiss on his lips. She touched his face tenderly before she went and grabbed her clothes and quietly put them on. He took her cue and got dressed himself. As he was buttoning his pants, she grabbed his arm and quickly led him to the front door and opened it.

"I don't know who you are, but I'm so glad you showed up today. I desperately needed that," she said in a breathy voice.

He stopped. "Sara, I told you I was coming today. It was in the e-mail."

She giggled and gently pushed him out the door before she said, "Sara lives across the street."

He could hear the deadbolt lock behind him.