 Her mind has been playing tricks on her; telling her not to give in to him, not to fall in love with him. But yet, she knew it was already starting.

He wanted her but wanted her to want him just as much. Now, it was no more about just fucking her , he wanted to make love to her. Looking at her, he noticed her trance-like state.

"Jamie?" 

She broke out of her trance and sat on the bed. Bowing her head, he saw tears stream down her face. His heart broke in two.

Sitting next to her, he cupped her face with his hands. Even as sexy and provocative as she was, she looked like a frightened child and he knew her fears all too well. 

"I can't do this," she said under her breath. But he very well knew she wanted to and all she needed was a little prompting.

"What are you afraid of Jamie?" He wanted to hear admit her fears. She paused for a second, biting her lip. Even in that moment of sadness he was overwhelmed with lust for her.

"Will you be there in the morning?" She asked almost embarrassed.

"Baby, you're my obsession. I will be there every morning you want me to be."

He pulled her face to his and kissed her gently. 

"Let me in Jamie." 

He kissed her again, this time sliding his tongue inside her mouth and she welcomed it. Without breaking the kiss, they fell back onto the bed. Her mind told her no, told her to hold back, get up and walk away but her body's responses to his kisses betrayed her. He slid his hands down her hips feeling her soft creamy skin, he took hold of them and pulled her on top of him while her tongue explored every secret place in his mouth. kissing him with an undeniable hunger. Taking his bottom lip in between her lips she sucked on it and he realized she was taking control now.

He couldn't believe how this beautiful creature could go from being childlike to vixen in just a few minutes; the dichotomy in her was what made his heart race.

She kissed his eyes as she ran her fingers through his dark thick hair. She kissed his handsome face, gently nuzzling at his throat until finally she reached the side of his neck and licked all the way up to his ear tasting his salty skin. He couldn't believe how erotic she was. She straddled him, her pussy brushing up against his cock. Her mouth and tongue explored his chest...sucking on one nipple as she fondled the other. She kissed and licked every part of his chest making her way down his navel, her hair felt like velvet as he buried his fingers in it. 

They had talked about blowjobs so many times, at such great lengths on the telephone and he had confided that he had never been able come that way. She always told him she would give him a blowjob the way it was meant to be given; with all her lust and desire for him. She would be the first to taste the pure essence of him.

Her breasts brushed up against his hard cock positioning it between them, she looked up at him pausing to see the look on his face. She pressed her firm breasts together taking hold of his cock between them. He anticipated her next move and closed his eyes.

A small moan escaped him and she kept that position for a few seconds.

"Mmmmmm baby..."

"You like that don't you baby?" she whispered as she slowly tit-fucked his bulging cock.

Still holding her breasts together, she moved them up and down the full length of his cock. Having him between her breasts, jerking him off with her tits was as much a turn on for her as for him, this time she was in total control of what was happening. He was enjoying himself too much to take the lead. He had told her he always had to lead in the bedroom, not because he wanted to, but because that's how it always had been. She wanted his time with her to be different, unforgettable even if they never saw each other again, she would make sure he could never forget her.

Little did she know that after tonight, no other woman would ever suffice.

"Tell me you like it, tell me you want me to suck your beautiful cock."

"Mmmmm... Fuck yes... Jamie, suck my cock... you little tease."

He loved dirty talk, but he was afraid she'd back away if he went too far. He was testing the waters and she was responding nicely.

His words were like pouring gasoline on a fire to Jamie. She slid her body down making his cock slip right into her mouth. He moaned as it slipped in between her beautiful full lips. She wrapped them tightly around his thick meat and she took it deep inside. . She only used her mouth at first, slipping his dick in and out of it. Grabbing hold of the shaft and gently licking the tip, she circled the head with her tongue as her other hand reached under and grabbed his balls. He was so hard, she felt confident she could make him come soon, but she wanted to prolong it for him. She slowed her rhythm, then lifted her mouth off him completely while her hands slid up and down his slick cock.

"I love your big hard cock, I love sucking it. I want you to come for me."

Overcome with pleasure, he didn't believe he could come this way even if she had promised him countless times that he would when it finally entered her mouth. But he loved what she was doing to him, and his body screamed for release.

"Jamie, I need to fuck you now!"

But Jamie held him firm, "No, Steve... You need to come in my mouth, I wanna taste you, I need to have all of you."

She had never swallowed any man's semen before, she had never wanted to. But this time she wanted him inside her mouth; she wanted all of him. She wanted him to know what it was like to come inside a woman's mouth... her mouth.

Her lips and mouth moved up and down his now throbbing member as her hand followed it stroking it as she licked. Her other hand cupped and fondled his balls. Her rhythm increased as she moaned.

"Mmmmmmmm Steven... God I love sucking your cock. I wanna feel this cock pounding my pussy." Her dirty talk was enough to send him over the edge.

He let out a moan and she knew he would come quickly. 

"Cum for me Steven, you need to cum now." She looked up at him as she sucked his cock for all she was worth, like a whore would her best client. "Cum inside my mouth Steven."

She gripped his throbbing cock firmly as he shot spurt after spurt of his load inside her mouth. Their eyes met, and neither looked away. In that moment they gave themselves to each other ... totally

"Urgggggggh... Goddddd.... Yessss.... Jamie." His hot cum shot straight into her mouth and she moaned as it made it's way down her throat.

"Mmmmmmmm... you taste as amazing as I imagined you would." Jamie purred and she licked the tip of his dripping cock as she took it out of her mouth.

Steve couldn't believe what had just happened. He had often fantasized about cumming from a blowjob, and many women had tried to help him achieve that. But what Jamie had done, and to have his hot sperm shoot out and enter her gorgeous willing mouth was even more of a turn on for him than he had ever imagined.

She licked her lips clean, and bit her bottom lip as if in deep thought. She was as sexy as hell and he was getting hard again just looking at her.

She laid next to him, kissing his face and her hand went for his cock again. She barely even touched it this time and he was already hardening again.

"Are you sure you're 43?" She asked teasingly.

"Are you sure you're 28?" They kissed and both laughed. He pulled her to him again and with his arms around her waist, he turned her over and positioned her under him.

He ran his hand up her smooth tanned legs and spread them. He turned to whisper in her ear "Now I'm gonna fuck you like you've never been fucked before."

Even as her entire body shivered at his words, she was a little reluctant and he felt her resist. Jamie never liked the missionary position; it made her feel vulnerable and more than a little submissive. But he persisted. "Spread your legs for me babydoll."

But this was different; Steve was different from any man she ever knew. He never got mad at her insecurities, but reassured her with his strength. She closed her eyes and spread her legs for him, welcoming him, as she had never done for any man.

Positioning himself in between her legs, he grabbed hold of his large cock. He looked at her beautiful face but he wanted to see her eyes. "Open your eyes for me Jamie."

She did as she was told, and was greeted by the sight of him stroking his cock. Again their eyes locked and neither looked away.

"Are you wet for me baby?" She could only utter a simple "uh huh."

"Make it wetter, I want to slide right into you." She felt her pussy moisten more just by his suggestion, but she obeyed him. Her hands fondled her breasts, teasing her nipples, pulling at them. Her right hand made it's way down her belly to her hot shaved pussy. She cupped it and gently rubbed it, never taking her eyes off Steve.

"That's it baby, rub that pussy. Make it nice and wet for my cock."

He could see how aroused she was already, but he noticed how tight she was when he had fingered her, and his eight inch cock would surely hurt her if she wasn't wet enough. As much as he wanted to ram it into her tight hole, he didn't want her to feel pain, only pleasure.

He slid his hard cock up and down between her slick lips and placed his other hand on her pussy; with his thumb massaging her clit. She closed her eyes again. 

"Oh no baby, you need to watch, you want to watch don't you?" He smiled.

She did want to watch, he was right... she watched in awe as he spread open her pussy lips and with the tip of his cock rubbed up and down against her hard clit. She trembled with a feeling she couldn't place immediately. As he continued to tease her with his cock, it occurred to her. The feeling she was experiencing; she felt again like a virgin, being taken for the first time.

Somehow that thought was raising her excitement level even more. She moaned. "Steve please fuck me...I need you to fuck me now." She attempted to move her body against the meat now tantalizing her pussy lips, but he held her hips still. "Baby please, I need to feel your big hard cock inside my tight pussy, I want it...pleeeeease don't make me wait.

Steve smiled as Jamie continued her string of obscene requests. He wanted her to beg for it and she knew it. He grabbed his cock again and slapped it against her pussy. "Is this what you want?"

"God, yes!" She moaned in reply

"Tell me... How badly do you want it Jamie?"

"Steven, I want you to fuck me, I want your cock to fuck my tight hole. Please don't tease me this way." As much as Steve resisted, he knew he couldn't keep this up for long. He wanted to be inside her, wanted to feel her from the inside.

Her legs were bent at the knees, her feet flat on the mattress; he spread her legs further apart as he moved his knees between them. They were on either side of her hips now, and her legs were outside of his. He leaned in close to her face and softly spoke a single word to her, and they both knew the meaning, "forever" he whispered. She moaned in reply.

With that he thrust his pelvis forward and his huge cock penetrated her hot wet opening and. Gently sliding in, he grabbed her legs and pushed them backwards to allow more access to her hot pussy. She was really tight and he could tell she was in pain but he knew soon her pussy would give way.

"Are you alright honey?" he asked as he saw her bite her lip as she moaned, he understood she didn't want him to stop.

As he slid a little deeper, it felt like razor blades for how minimal the space was for him but he was determined to fuck that pussy until it welcomed him. And after a few slow thrusts it became easier for his cock to enter. He thrust in and out of her tight hole, holding her legs apart. 

"You like that baby? You like when I fuck you?" Her eyes were closed and her head was thrashing back and forth on the pillow. 

"Yes, fuck me harder, I need your cock inside my pussy. I need it! I want it! Fuck me Steven! Yesssss! Oh GOD, yesssss!"

Her words excited him so much, his next thrusts took her by surprise; he drove his cock into her so hard her whole body moved across the bed as he pounded into her again and again.

"Mmmmmmm... yesssss... Stevennnnn!!!!!!!!" even as she began to explode, she knew she would also come fast. So did he, and he urged her on. 

"I'm cumming Jamie, come with me baby!" 

Her pussy grabbed hold of his cock as he reached the tipping point as well, and he began to cum. The feel of his molten cum splashing the inside of her cunt threw her over the edge, and she came again and again. He thrust in and out of her as they came together, both of them spasming with pleasure, as the last of his seed trickled into her welcoming womb. 

"Ahhhhhh Steven" Jamie moaned as he finally collapsed next to her. 

"Was it everything you hoped it would be?" He looked to see again, she had tears in her eyes. He softly wiped them away with his hand, he then kissed her eyes, and then her soft mouth.

"God yessss Jamie" He said took her in his arms. "You are everything I have waited my lifetime to find. You're perfect!"

Jamie was still basking in the glow of their encounter several hours later, as she listened to the soothing sounds of Steve's rhythmic breathing as he slept. Even sleeping he was beautiful. She softly brushed the few wisps of hair from his forehead and kissed him softly, gently so as not to wake him. As she laid her head on the pillow beside, she whispered to her still sleeping lover, "You're more than I could have ever hoped for Steven."