 My wife, Louise, and I had a rather major change come about in our life about a year ago and it all began on a picnic.

We'd been married about twelve years or so, I was thirty-seven and Louise was thirty-four. We are both attractive people and keep trim with regular gym work and a very active sex life. Yes, I married a woman with a wonderful sex drive, I think we fuck more now than we did when we first met.

The picnic was one out to a secluded beach on a lake near us and we were there with our best friends, Roy and Marge, who were just a year or two older than we were.

The weather was perfect, a slight cool breeze and warm sun. We had three blankets on thee ground, one for each couple, the third for the food and the two bottles of champagne that we'd opened.

What were we celebrating? Nothing really, just life, I suppose. There was really no reason, we just all liked to be together and we'd decided to all take off a day from work and enjoy life together.

We'd eaten and enjoyed about half our bubbly when Louise bent over to give me a kiss and her sundress fell open revealing her bareness underneath. She has beautiful breasts and often goes without a bra; they're firm and round and tipped with the loveliest light pink nipples I've ever seen.

So here she was, leaning over me, my eyes down on her boobs as I pulled off a strap and moved the dress down to expose one of her breasts.

"Hey, you, what do you think you're doing," she said with a fake pout to her lips.

"Just saw this and wanted to kiss it," I shot back and ducked my head down and kissed her breast.

"Well, do it properly, Jon, if you're going to do it at all," she said and lifted up placing her nipple at my lips where I eagerly sucked it in.

I lay there with my wife's nipple in my mouth, knowing our friends had to be watching us. Then I felt it. Louise's hand pressed down on the bulge in my shorts and began to rub. What the hell is she thinking, I wondered but, nevertheless, I was enjoying it all.

Then, while I was serenely sucking her boob, I felt her pulling down the zipper and then snaking her hand into my shorts to grasp my erection. Not just that, she was tugging it out into the open air, in plain view of our friends.

I heard her spit on her hand, then she wrapped her wet fingers around my cock and began jacking me.

"Um, would you two like to be alone? We can go take a walk," Roy asked.

"Nah, I'm just horny as hell, champagne does that to me, so stick around if you wanna watch?" Louise told them. "Hell, we're friends, you're welcome to watch," she added and leaned up and pulled off her sundress and panties and pulled my shorts off as I was getting my teeshirt off over my head.

Her head went down and she took my cock in her mouth and began sucking me. She was kneeling just so Roy and Marge could see her from behind, no doubt seeing her butt and her pussy while she sucked me.

I looked over and they were watching us, rather intently, as I saw that their hands we not exactly still either. They seemed to be having a bit of fun themselves.

Louise lifted off me, turned and swung a leg up over me. I held my cock steady and she pushed right onto me to begin fucking me up and down. My hands were on her breasts rubbing and tweaking her nipples.

She started out by just rocking up and down on me but then went to going straight up and down scissoring over me squatting, grinning down at me, asking me, "Like my little idea, babe, a nice, slow fuck in the warm sun?"

"Well, I have to say it's added something extra to be doing it in front of another couple."

"Yeah, I love being watched like this. How do we look, guys?" she asked our friends as she fucked me up and down.

By now, Marge had her top off and Roy's cock was out as they were playing with each other while we went at it.

"You two are just beautiful to watch, your bodies are so tight and hot. You should put on shows for people to watch you do this. I'd be glad to be your business manager," Roy said laughing.

Louise looked down at me, grinning, saying, " Geez, we've talked about starting a business together, that'd be great one. They always say that you should do things for a living that excite your passion."

I just laughed but she went on, "Would you be our business manager, set things up, get us some customers to watch us, if we wanted to do this?" she asked as she continued rocking up and down on me.

"Sure, I could get it out on some swinging sites, alternative papers, stuff like that. Get some people who wanted a show and book a hotel room. Pretty simple really," Roy told us.

I really didn't think Louise was serious so what she said next rather surprised me.

"Let's do it. God, it's such a turn-on having you two watch us, doing it for money really turns my pussy on."

"Now, hon, you aren't serious are you?" I asked.

"Doesn't it turn you on to have Roy and Marge watching us fuck? It sure does me."

"Yeah, yeah it does, but would you do this for total strangers?"

"Oh, god, I'm cumming at the thought. Total strangers...us fucking...me sucking your cock...you eating my pussy," she groaned, then began trembling into a gigantic orgasm that simply shook her to her core. She fell over on me, kissing me, panting hard, out of breath.

She was flat on top of me but her hips never stopped moving up and down over me and I was soon emptying up into her as she fucked me up and down.

"You two are awesome," Marge said. "It's the hottest thing I've ever seen. Would you mind if we had sex?"

We told them it was fine with us and I was so stirred-up by that point that Louise and I had a second round with me doing her doggie-style right along with our friends who were in the same position.

So that was our fuck-picnic with friends. But it wasn't the last of the talk about us doing it for people to watch us fuck for a fee.

Roy called us the next evening to say how great a time they'd had and I broached the thought that maybe we should do something together again. He agreed and went on to the business idea which we discussed for a bit.

After his call, Louise and I talked quite a while about how we might go about doing this and we ended up madly fucking on the sofa, our clothes tossed every which way. The idea of us sexually performing for people had turned on my wife like nothing before. And from then on every time we talked about it, she went crazy, practically raping me.

I sure had the support of my wife for us to begin this business so we had Roy and Marge over for a weekend to hammer out the details of the business arrangement. We also figured there would be some hammering of our wives and not necessarily by their own husbands. In fact, Louise told me she wanted to give Roy a proper thanks for his great idea and I had little doubt of what that would be.

We hadn't played with Roy and Marge but now Louise had brought it up, after all, they were coming over on Friday evening and staying with us throughout the rest of the weekend and she thought it would be fun.

"Hey," she said to me, "we're going to be fucking in front of other people, paying customers, we should get as much experience as we can before we start."

"You just want Roy to fuck you, tell me the truth."

And she told me the truth which I really already knew.

So, they came over and we drew up the outline of a business plan, yes, I know, but that's the way Roy thinks and it was really a good idea.

About nine o'clock, we'd finished the third bottle of wine and Louise suggested, "Well, I think we need to get some time alone, all this talk has made me pretty horny. So, why don't Roy and I take the master bedroom and Jon and Marge use the guest room?"

They both began laughing and Marge said, "Are you sure you're not mind-readers? After we first watched you two going at it, we've both talked about swapping with you two. Let's do it," she said and she jumped up and took my hand and pulled me down the hall to the guest bedroom.

We were immediately out of our clothes, hugging and kissing as Roy came into the room to get his toothbrush and to deliver mine. Then he left and I'm sure had a wonderful night with Louise, I should know, she's a wonder in bed.

Marge got in bed and I followed her as she moved over me, dropping her lips over my cock and sucking me eagerly. Her butt was up about where my elbow was so I rubbed my fingers in the wet crevice winking back at me as she sucked me so sweetly. I pressed in as she wiggled her butt in pleasure and I began finger-fucking her while she sucked me.

What a way to seal a partnership, I thought as we pleasured one another knowing much the same was happening down the hall with our spouses.

After a few minutes, she lifted up and moved up over me, reaching under to steady my cock and pushed onto me then began fucking me serenely.

"Oh, I've wondered how you'd feel inside me, Jon. This is so nice. Do I feel good? I want you to like me, I'll do whatever you want, okay?"

"Just what you're doing, Marge, is quite wonderful, you are a hot woman," I told her as she smiled and clenched her pussy tight while she cycled up and down over me.

"I'm just so excited to be in this new business with you two. Now I'll be able to watch you two all the time. Our sex hasn't been this good since Roy and I first met. Watching the two of you fuck each other was such a turn-on and now this. I never thought something like this would ever happen in my lifetime. I'm sure glad Louise was so horny when we went on that picnic with you guys."

"Me, too, that's one of the things I love about her, she's so spontaneous. I'm sure she's having her own fun with Roy right now."

"Mmm, I know I'm having fun," my friend's wife cooed.

We had a wonderful night together and the four of us got together in the morning for a nice, leisurely naked brunch, then we went back to the master bedroom where each husband had sex with the other's wife while both spouses watched and played together. Super-sexy.

After that, each guy took his friend's wife to shower with and we spent a little more private time before we got back together to talk business. Then lunch and more fun time all the way until Sunday noon when Roy and Marge went home and Louise and I went to bed to catch up on sleep.

Chapter 2

Roy called me Monday afternoon to let us know that he had placed an online ad for our performance and had already heard from a man who was interested. It seems that this fellow was a twin and he and his brother and their wives were interested in watching us. Roy's ad had included a picture of Louise and I naked showing us from the neck down and they were really eager. The fellow even told Roy in his email that the four of them often swapped and wanted to know if they could be naked and perhaps even fuck while we were.

Well, one should never underestimate the erotic imagination and inclination of the general public, I suppose, and this seemed to prove it.

We agreed that would be fine with us and Roy said he'd try to set it up for the weekend. He had already picked out a hotel in the area we would use and I left him to finalize the arrangements while I went and told Louise. She was so excited we did a practice run right there in the den on the floor.

So, the show was set for seven and the four of us were in room 1417 waiting for our guests. Louise had on a black lace baby doll nighty, no panties, and I had on a pair of brief-briefs which showed a nice bulge. We had pulled the sofa around to better view the bed and put an extra sheet over the sofa in case our audience decided on having some fun themselves.

We had out several towels and bottles of lube along with two buckets containing Champagne, a nice touch Marge had thought of, after all, these four were paying a lot for a private show, one where they can enjoy themselves as well as watch, so the cost of the bubbly was really pretty minor but added an upscale, classy touch.

There was a soft rap at the door and Roy pulled it open to let in our audience, our first-ever spectators for our live sexual performance.

Roy went over the ground rules once more, they had all been agreed upon by email but he wanted to make sure they were understood while I looked over our first paying customers. They were allowed to watch and touch the performers, though nothing penetrative would be allowed. They could undress if they wished and do anything among the four of them they wished as long as it wasn't rowdy or violent or disruptive.

They could also circulate around the room to get a better view if the wished. In addition, Louise, already loving guys cumming on her body, had us write that in the rules that the woman performer would allow, even want, the guys to masturbate on her.

Certainly the two guys were brothers, identical twins. There was little to distinguish between them. Their wives, however, were quite different. One was a small Latina who was really hot-looking with a black ponytail and was wearing a skin-tight jet-black cocktail dress.

The other woman was a blond, a platinum blond with huge boobs that were spilling out of her tight scoop-necked top. Under that she had on a tiny skirt and didn't appear to be wearing panties. She was tall, taller than either man and had legs that went on forever.

Both women's nipples gave their bralessness away as soon as they came in the room. Well, it was not surprising, knowing that they had booked us for a night of sex. Roy had the Champagne open and poured it for our guests as they settled onto the sofa.

I took Louise in my arms and we began to make out some and I soon had her nighty off and her legs parted as I began licking and tonguing her. Looking over, the blond had her top off and her husband''s hands were on them as they smiled at us. With that, the smaller woman, dropped the straps of her dress and pulled it down so her guy could play with her tits.

I got busy giving Louise oral and several minutes went by before I looked at our audience once again. Now they were all naked and both cocks were being stroked by wives though it wasn't clear which wife went with each guy.

"You two are even more beautiful than the picture in your email," one of the women said.

"Man, this is so sexy, we need to do this again. Get up on me, hon," one of the guys said and next time I looked she was sitting in his lap facing us, fucking him up and down while his hands rubbed her boobs. This was the blond and she had to be at least D-cup, maybe DD, with wide, pink nipples.

I could feel my wife's thigh muscles spasm as I held her legs apart, now knowing that she was headed for her first orgasm. Louise was, no doubt, going to give them a show, she was very orgasmic; there was one Saturday about a year ago when she told me she'd never been so horny and asked me if I could give her as many as I could and that I had all day to do it.

Oh, my, we got out all her toys and she had eleven before she was just too sore and exhausted to go on. And that was with lots of lube. But she talks about it to this day.

Louise was softly moaning as I was licking and sucking her pussy lips which were flooded with juices.

"Mmm, oh, hon, oooh, right there, you know right where, yes, YES, UUH, UUH, oh, mmm," she cried out as I held her legs steady. I looked over and the two couples were now both naked and fucking, each woman sitting in the guy's lap, all four facing us, each woman rocking slowly up and down as I kept licking Louise's copious juices. She was certainly turned-on as much or more than I'd ever seen and I knew I was wound up pretty tight as well and was wondering just how long I'd last when I did begin to fuck her.

So, was it distracting to have sex with six people watching? Yes and no. Yes, you just couldn't quite get it out of your mind that there were twelve eyes observing every lick and tonguing of your wife's pussy. But, well, it added a lot of zing to the way it felt and I knew, I could sense it, that Louise was maybe even more turned on about it than I was.

I raised up, my wet mouth grinning up at her, as she swung a leg up around my head and got up on her hands and knees at an angle on the bed so our audience could get a good view of us doggie-fucking, one of Louise's favorite positions.

I entered her super-slowly, looking over, every eye watching our gradual coupling as I eased in deeply to hold my cock fully inside while she moved in small circles.

In case you're wondering, I had prepared myself for our first show with a visit the week before to my doctor, describing how I was beginning to lose my erection during sex. Well, I wasn't but I did expect that with a marathon sex show, I was liable to fade near the end and wanted something to keep me up until the last act.

So, I went home with samples of all three and tried one that evening.

I didn't tell Louise, hoping that she'd sense a difference but soon after I took it, I sure sensed a difference. My face grew warm, increased blood flow, I figured, and any touch or rub on my cock began a swelling like when I was more like sixteen. I went in the bathroom while we were watching television, took it out, had a pee and rubbed the head, watching my cock engorge and lengthen until I could take firm strokes.

Now, I'm three years from hitting forty so I really didn't need any help with my erection but I could tell the difference. I was realizing that, like a lot of men, you didn't need ED to gain benefit from these tablets. My cock was like a flag pole. It felt invincible.

So, when I walked out of the bathroom and into our bedroom with my cock out well in front of me, Louise looked over and laughed, "God, Jon, have you been looking at porn or something? Look at you."

I tried to be nonchalant and asked what she was talking about but she grinned and said, "You know exactly what I'm taking about. Bring that thing over here. Come to my side of the bed, I want to see this up close," and as I stood there, her hand feeling my steely cock, swollen like a sixteen-year old's, she said, "I want this inside me right now, Jon, no oral, no play, just fuck me with this. What have you done?"

She leaned up and pulled off her nighty, she rarely wore panties to bed in case either of us wanted any fun, and she spread open while I got up and lifted her legs wide up in the air in a vee and slowly pressed down until our bodies came together. Then I just held it there for her to feel.

"You've taken something, haven't you? I never thought you needed anything but, omigod, you feel so hard, I'm so full."

As I began to pull back and forth, she gasped, "Oh, tell me, Jon," and I told her that I'd taken one of the famous pills we saw advertised on the six-thirty news and asked her if I should get the prescription filled.

"Oh, yes, I love you just the way you are but, well, this is the way you were and it feels so good. Does it make you last longer, too? Can you go more times?"

I told her I didn't know but we were on our way to finding out.

Well, she had three orgasms before I had my first one, though I did pace myself, slowing when I got close. My two orgasms yielded a total of three for Louise and she reached over to turn off the alarm saying we could both take off the day from work so I could try another pill first thing in the morning. I guessed they worked pretty well.

So, now doing our first show, I was fucking with the benefit of my wife's new favorite pill, feeling almost like a porn star, running my swollen member in and out of my honey's honey-pot.

"Mmm, faster, baby, fuck me, make me scream," she urged. We had talked about being more verbal when we were performing for people, giving them some hot and dirty talk as we fucked and sucked.

Roy and Marge, who were mainly there to look out after us and do the business side of things, well, they were having their bit of fun, too, as she stroked Roy's cock slowly up and down. A good time was being had by all.
