 I hope you enjoy this "quickie" as much as I did. Thanks again to my Pet. 

*

Me: Be there in 30 mins

Pet: come straight dwnstrs.

Me: K

I threw on my shoes and headed out the door. It wasn't a long ride and I couldn't wait to see him again. My body was on fire. I was wearing his favorite; a tiny lace thong with matching front close bra, a tight t-shirt, and a pair of jeans. I was wet just thinking about him. I was lucky and didn't catch any lights. I pulled in to the driveway, hopped out, and walked up to the door. He must have been just as anxious as I was because the door opened as I reached out for the door knob. His hand wrapped around my wrist and he pulled me into the house. His lips pressed against mine. I fell back onto the closing door. Our tongues danced and his hands found their way up the front of my shirt. I could feel the desire in his touch. He needed me, but it was a base, desperate need. 

"I got here as fast as I could." I mumbled as his lips pressed against my neck. 

He inhaled deeply and sighed, "You smell amazing. I love it." He kissed my neck again and then looked into my eyes.

"Any chance I could get a cup of coffee?" I giggled and he let out an over exaggerated sigh.

He started making coffee and I went into the cabinet to grab 2 mugs when I felt him behind me. He nuzzled the back of my neck and his hands went back up the front of my shirt. He unhooked my bra and I could feel it in my clit when he slid the slippery material of my bra away from my skin. The feeling of my shirt against my already hard nipples was almost electric. A soft moan escaped my lips as his fingers gently caressed the sides of my breasts.

"I want you." He breathed into my ear. His warm breath gave me goose bumps. "But, I want to tease you first." He slid his hand down the front of my jeans, not bothering to unbutton them. His fingers slipped easily into my already wet pussy and he realized I was wearing his favorite; a thong. His finger slowly but firmly circled my throbbing clit and I moaned. He kept it up for a few minutes, my body was becoming jello in his hands. I felt my knees start to tremble and his grip on my body got tighter. He pulled his fingers from me and rubbed my pussy again through my thong. "I want you to do it. And then I want these."

"Tell me why you want them?" I panted, my fingers rubbed my clit through the thin fabric.

"I want to use them after you leave. I want to smell you." He whispered in my ear, his fingers played with my nipples pinching and caressing them, heightening my pleasure. 

"Tell me... what... will you do... after I leave." My words were coming in short gasps as my fingers continued to work my clit.

"I'm going to rub my cock while I smell your panties." 

That's all I need to hear. My body tensed and I came. I fell back onto him and he laughed. With his hands on my hips, he turned me to face him and he kissed me. 

"Coffee's ready." He chuckled and reached past me into the cabinet pulling out 2 mugs. I caught my breath while he prepared my coffee just the way I like it. We sipped in silence for a few moments, then he glanced at me over the rim of his cup and I could see the desire in his eyes. I put my mug on the counter, walked towards the basement door, and looked back at him over my shoulder. He set his mug on the counter and I ran down the stairs giggling. He chased after me stopping in his tracks when he reached the bottom of the stairs. I'd had just enough time to get my jeans and panties down and to bend over the couch just outside his office. He whistled through his teeth at the sight of my bare ass waiting for his hard cock. I heard his zipper and the rustle of denim just before I felt his hands on my hips and his cock slide into my pussy.

"You have an amazing ass." He grunted thrusting his cock deep into me, forcing me to draw quick shallow breaths. His palm pressed firmly against my back, between my shoulders bending me over the arm of the sofa. "I could fuck you for days." He said slowly slipping his thumb into my ass. The sensation was exquisite. I bucked back against him, pushing more of his thumb into my ass. My moans were coming closer, his grunting became more feral and his pace quickened. We were both close, but I didn't want it to happen there. I knew that he wanted me in his office, so that when he worked he could remember me bent over his chair, ass in the air. Or, when work became to be too tedious, he could close his eyes briefly and see me in his chair legs spread over the arms, my fingers spreading my slick lips exposing my hard little clit for his tongue. 

"Stop," I panted, "not here." I took his hand, led him to his desk, and bent over.

"You dirty little minx." He grunted and slid his cock back into its warm, wet, sheath.

"This is where you wanted me isn't it? All those dirty little messages you sent me telling me how much you wanted to see me bent over your desk, ass in the air for your taking." My words came ragged as he thrust hard, fast and deep. I could hear it in his breath and in the moans that he allowed to escape, because I needed to hear them, that he was going to cum. I pushed back against him as he pulled me back hard and I could feel his cock pulse with his release. He collapsed on top of me, panting. After a few moments, he stood and helped me up. 

"Those are mine." He said snatching my panties from my hand before I could put them on. I felt our cum dripping warm, down my leg as I reached for my jeans.

"It has been years since I went commando." I giggled as I pulled up my jeans. He laughed, slapped my ass, and we headed back upstairs.

"I feel so dirty not wearing any panties. I feel even naughtier because I can feel my lips sliding along the seam because your cum is dripping out of me." He was holding me in his arms by the front door as I told him how naughty I felt. He laughed again. It was a deep chuckle. 

"Time to get back to work." He kissed me and opened the door. 

I never mind being his booty call. He always makes sure I leave with a smile.

*

As always please feel free to leave a comment or feedback. I welcome your opinion.