 It was 1981 and I was a horny 26-year-old single male living on the East Coast. My boyhood friend John had moved to Oregon and was getting married to a very pretty girl named Kim. I was to be the best man, so two buddies and myself decided to make the cross-country trip in my 1973 Cadillac. We had many fun and exciting adventures along the way but my time with a girl named Darcy at the wedding was the highlight for me.

John and Kim had a nice late morning wedding with many family and friends from both sides having a great time. There were probably 20 or so people who had come in from the East Coast to attend the wedding. There were couples but most of John's friends were single guys and the girls were friends of Kim from her college days. Those girls were really hot!!

At the afternoon reception there was a lot of dancing and drinking. My best man duties kept me from having much opportunity to mingle with any of the girls so all the other guys kind of had an advantage over me during the reception.

Early evening when the reception ended most of the younger people including the bride and groom went to a bar to keep on partying. I sat with the newly married couple and others would stop and talk with us as the night went on. I had my first chance to notice Darcy. She was a guest and not part of the wedding party. She was wearing a light blue short length soft knit dress that hugged her hot and tight body. Her dark brown hair sparkling green eyes and great smile had all the guys just drooling.

My buddy Jerry seemed to have her attention dancing and drinking with her since we had arrived. I just figured I might need some place else to stay that night so they could have the motel room by themselves. I was already bringing the bride and groom to their Hotel and was also bringing the Groom's brother Jamie and his girlfriend Karen to John and Kim's house. As there were spare bedrooms I was told I could stay at John and Kim's house with Jamie and Karen for the night.

We bought the bar out of all their champagne and continued drinking and dancing. It was almost closing time when I noticed Darcy was sitting in the booth behind me all alone. I tapped her shoulder and asked if she cared to join us in our booth. She quickly got up and joined us by squeezing in right next to me. Sitting tight against each other had my cock starting to harden. When she leaned her arm on my leg and against my hardening cock I was soon at full mast. 

I asked her if she would like to go with the five of us and she readily agreed. Getting in my car Darcy slid right in next to me in the front seat. She continued to rub up against me and stroked my leg with her hand. We dropped John and Kim off at heir hotel and Jamie, Karen, Darcy and I continued to John and Kim's house to have some breakfast. Jamie cooked up some bacon and eggs and we all ate like it was our last meal.

After I helped Karen clean up the kitchen Jamie whispered from the other room to come look. We came around the corner and there was Darcy lying on the floor curled up in a ball with her eyes closed. Jamie went over and started slowly running his fingers up her legs from her calves to the top of her thighs pushing her short dress even higher. Darcy would keep grabbing at her dress and push it back down. Watching this Karen and I decided we would start pretending to make out to see if we could draw Jamie's attention away from Darcy. I certainly didn't mind having the sweet Karen in my arms and was finding my cock starting to twitch all over again.

Jamie wasn't paying any attention to Karen and I but he soon says, "Hey, I think she just passed out." I decided I better start paying some attention to Darcy or I would have to stroke my own cock. So I went over and gently shook Darcy awake and brought her into the bedroom we would be using. As soon as we got inside and closed the door she didn't seem too tired anymore. There was a mattress on the floor and we were standing on it kissing.

Her sweet wet lips tasted so good and we started probing each other's mouths with our tongues. I was rubbing my now very hard cock against her stomach and thighs while rubbing and cupping her very firm butt with my hands. I told her, " I like this dress very much but I like what's under it better so let's take it off". She helped me remove her dress and then I took off her bra. Her firm voluptuous breasts were in my hands and I licked and sucked her hard nipples. Reaching down I cupped her mound and could feel how excited she was getting.

Telling her how beautiful her body was I laid her down and removed her panty hose and panties. Her sweet and wet pussy was so beautiful. "God, I just got to have a taste of that." And proceeded to kiss her pussy lips. I flicked my tongue up and down her opening. Then I sucked her whole pussy into my mouth and stuck my tongue deep inside her hole. Using my tongue I started fucking her now dripping pussy. Replacing my tongue with my fingers I licked up her slit to her clit. Loving every minute of this I was getting really excited listening to her soft moans. I continued to finger and lick her pussy.

Pushing my head away Darcy said; "This isn't fair you still have your clothes on." 

"Well we can change that pretty quick." I said.

Darcy got up and pulled me to my feet. She then started taking off my clothes. This took some time as I was wearing a tuxedo. She was on her knees in front of me pulling off my shoes and socks and then pulling down my pants. My very hard cock was tenting up my underpants. Darcy slid them off and my cock sprang free standing straight out and hard as a rock. She reached out and stroked my cock with both hands.

" You have a very nice body too." Said Darcy.

With that she took my cock between her lips and started sucking and stroking me. It was so hot watching her sweet lips wrapped around my cock. Her head was bobbing up and down and she looked up at me with a fire in her eyes. This girl was really getting off sucking my cock. I finally pulled her mouth off my cock telling her "I'm going to come if you keep that up."

I laid her back down on the mattress and got between her legs kneeling and rubbed my cock up and down her slit. I teased her with the tip of my cock poking it at her clit. "It's down farther if you want to put it in." She said. "I know I'm just teasing you." I replied.

I slid my cock down to her opening and watched her pussy suck it in as I pushed it forward. Slowly stroking my now glistening cock in and out of her pussy was hot to watch. I grabbed her legs up over my shoulders and lay on top and started to really pump my cock in and out of her wet and hot pussy. "I'm going pound your hot pussy right through this mattress." I said as I kept pounding her harder and harder. "Yea, god your cock feels so good. Oh, keep fucking me I love it." She moaned.

We rolled over with her on top and my cock never leaving her pussy. She continued to ride my cock sliding her pussy up and down while I fondled her beautiful breasts. She brought them down for me to suck on and really started riding me hard grinding her pussy on my hard cock. Rolling off me we tried to get going doggie style but I couldn't seem to get the right footing and was unable to get my cock back in. Laughing we rolled onto our backs side-by-side and took a break.

We started gently kissing and fondling each other. I asked; "You ever had a cock massage?" and had her lay on her stomach. Starting at her shoulders I straddled her back and began to rub my hard cock across her back. I continued to rub my cock on her moving down her back and over her hot and tight ass. I spread her ass cheeks and slid my cock in between and squeezed her cheeks against me as I thrust up and down. Then moving down the back of her legs I continued rubbing all the way to her feet.

Rolling her over onto her back I started at her feet and rubbed my cock all the way up one leg to the inside of her thigh and almost touching her pussy. I did her other leg and when I reached the top of her thigh I spread both her legs and slowly rubbed my cock across her pussy. Using the head of my cock I slid it up and down her pussy slit and told Her; "Now I'm going to fuck your pussy with my cock. We want to make sure we massage every where inside and out." With that I pushed my cock quickly inside her. She gasped and wrapped her legs around me pulling me in even tighter. I very slowly fucked in and out of her pussy pulling my cock completely out for about 10 strokes. I then fucked her with about 20 or 30 slow but hard strokes until I knew I had to continue with the massage before I couldn't stop myself from pounding her sweet pussy for all I was worth. 

Straddling her stomach I stuck the tip of my cock into her belly button. I continued upward towards her chest and rubbed the tip of my cock on her very hard nipples. Placing my cock in between her breasts I told her; "I'm going to fuck your breasts now." And she placed her hands on either side of them to wrap my cock between them. I stroked my cock in between her breasts and as it would come out she started sucking my cock inside her mouth. Again, after about 20 or 30 strokes I started moving on.

Starting at her hands I rubbed my cock up one arm to her shoulder and across her breasts. Then I did the same to the other arm and back between her breasts. Straddling her chest I rubbed my cock across her chin and the cheeks of her face. I brought my cock above her mouth.

I quietly whispered to her. "Yea, lick my cock and get it all wet with your tongue. Can you taste your hot pussy juice all over my cock? Oh god yeah, suck my balls. Yea, I love having my balls sucked. That feels so good. Now I'm going to fuck your mouth with my cock. Here put it in your mouth as far as it feels comfortable. Now, wrap your hand around my cock right at your lips. Yea, Now if I get carried away I won't choke you with it."

I started fucking her mouth with my cock. She sucked hard and stroked me with her hand at the same time. To see my cock fucking her beautiful face was unreal. After fucking her mouth for a while I was thirsty for her hot pussy again so we maneuvered into the sixty-nine position. Starting out with me on top we sucked and licked at each other. I had my fingers deep inside her pussy and was licking her hard clit and then sucking her whole pussy into my mouth. I licked down between her pussy and asshole and rubbed my finger against her bunghole. Touching her asshole with my finger made her squirm with pleasure so I lubed my finger up with her pussy juice and then slowly pushed it inside her tight ass. I shoved the fingers from my other hand inside her pussy and sucked her whole clit into my mouth and licked it with my tongue.

She was alternating between sucking my cock and taking my come filled balls into her mouth. She licked me under my balls and up and down my cock stroking me with her hands the whole time. She reached under and grabbed my ass with her hands and sucked my cock all the way in her mouth and then went back to sucking my balls. Several times I thought I was going to explode my load of come but right before I was beyond the point of no return Darcy would suddenly shift to my balls and I would get a little chance to recover. We continued at this, switching who was on top, for about 20 minutes and then stopped to rest again.

About ten minutes later my cock was soft but I was still horny. I suggested that we should fuck some more as I was pushing Darcy onto her back and getting between her legs. She said; "But you can't put it in your cock is soft." I said; "I think there's a way just watch." With that kneeling between her legs I used my fingers to push my semi-soft cock into her sopping wet pussy. I filled her pussy with my cock and fingers and finally had most of my cock inside her saying; " See, I told you we could do it. Now my cock can harden inside your hot pussy." And my cock did get hard. Very Hard.

I started fucking her and again had her legs over my shoulders and driving my cock deep inside her incredible pussy. Pretty soon I was pumping into her as hard as I could and she was fucking back at me just as hard. About ten minutes of this hard fucking and she was moaning and pumping her pussy back hard. Finally she just wrapped her legs around me and held me tight against her as she shook with orgasm underneath me. I was buried as deep as I could be in her pussy and was just enjoying riding out her pleasure.

" Did you come too? Darcy asked. "No" I replied, "You can come can't you" She wanted to know. "Oh yeah, I just wanted to make this last as long as possible." I said. I pulled my still hard and pussy soaked cock out of her and she sat up against the wall. I stood in front of her and offered my cock to her mouth. She reached right out and grabbed my cock with her hand and pulled me into her mouth. She started sucking and stroking my very hard cock and after just 15 or 20 strokes I was getting really close.

Groaning I told her; "If you don't want me to come in your mouth you better take it out now!!!" She had stopped sucking when I had started talking but when I had finished she just started sucking and bobbing on my cock even harder. That made me so fucking hot and my cock was so hard with a loud moan I started coming. Darcy just kept sucking and I pumped my load of hot come into her mouth. I came so hard I thought my balls were coming out the end of my cock and I just kept pumping about six spurts of come into her mouth. My come was leaking out of the side of her mouth and I was still pumping my load.

Darcy held my cock in her mouth until I stopped pumping out my come and I couldn't take anymore and had to finally pull it out. I slumped down next to her on the bed and deep kissed her tasting my come in her mouth. She wanted to know if I liked the taste of my own come. I told her that if she was willing to drink my come the least I should do is kiss her and that it tasted great coming from her mouth. (I was thinking she must have been having sex with some selfish guys who probably didn't even reciprocate her talented oral skills.) With that we fell asleep in each other's arms.