 The first in the Loraine Goes To College Series

She walked into his classroom for the first time and was smitted. He wasn't an attractive man, but there was something that drew her to him. It could have been the way he made her feel important, it could have been his intelligence, or it could have been his devil may care attitude. Whatever it was, it turned her on and she wanted him. 

She sat in the back of the class, paying attention to every word and every gesture. She asked for extra help just to be close to him. She made excuses just to go by his office to maybe just catch a glimpse of him and talk. She wanted him. She wanted him so much. 

Then, after a presentation in class, she and another member of her group were lagging behind, gathering their things. They laughed about the presentation and speculated about the grade. She kept sending glances his way, watching him with the other students, wanting him more and more. 

The other woman hit her on the arm. "Where are you?"

She looked at her. "What? I'm sorry, I was thinking about my next class."

Cindy smiled. "I think we did well today. Dr. J seemed to like it. He paid really close attention the whole time." 

She nodded. "I noticed that. Maybe that means we'll get a good grade." She wrapped the extension cord around the holder on the AV cart. "Well, once we get this out, that's it." 

Dr. J walked over. "Getting everything together?" 

She looked at him and nodded. "Just getting ready to take this TV outside."

The older woman grabbed the AV cart. "I'm heading out. I'll take this back down to the storage room. Have a good afternoon." 

Dr. J congratulated her on the presentation. He looked back at the younger student. "I thought you all did a great job. The research was very in-depth and informative." 

She thanked him. "We spent a lot of time in the library. I think in the past week, I've seen the inside of it more than I've seen my apartment." 

He chuckled. "I understand that. There have been nights that I've slept in my office just because it was easier." 

She laughed. "I'm sure your family was really happy about that." She pushed her books into her bag. "Well, I don't want to keep you. I'm sure you're a busy man." 

Dr. J. shrugged. "Yeah, but not to busy to talk to an interested student. Besides, it's only my daughter that I have to worry about, and she's at that age where she doesn't want to been seen with her Dad." He motioned to one of the desks. "Tell me more about your topic." 

She put her bag in the seat of the desk in front of her and took a seat. "I thought it was really interesting to find out how much work went into the cover up. You would think the government could have just been honest and saved a lot of time and effort." 

He nodded. "That's true, but most politicians want to save face with the public." 

She could only nod as she sat and listened. Being this close to him was torture. She wanted to lean forward and close the gap between them and taste his mouth. 

"Are you still with me?" 

She blinked and shook her head. "What? I'm sorry. I was thinking about my classes." 

"Am I keeping you from something?" He blue eyes were focused on her. "I don't want to make you late for class." 

"No, I've got work in a couple of hours, but my classes are finished for today." She smiled. "I'm yours until then." 

He grinned and chuckled. "Good. Let's go to my office and talk. It's more comfortable than these old desks." 

