 All Character 18+

Shout out to blacknight314 for the edit!

*****

Karma must have been on my side after I left Hope's apartment. I returned home well ahead of my wife getting home from work, tossed in a load of laundry to soak; including everything that I had on, and took a quick shower. The washer was back on and running when she came home. This was not uncommon, because I always did all of my laundry. We divided chores as best we could. I tried to act as if nothing strange had happened that day, but it was very difficult. We ate dinner while watching TV, and I could barely pay attention to the show. My mind kept straying back to the way that Hope had looked in those see-through leggings, and the way that her throat had squeezed my cock until I erupted like a volcano. My wife, as usual, paid little attention to me; and after dinner she said that she was going to visit her friend next door, and that she would probably be out late.

She left a few minutes later, and I pulled out Hope's laptop. I had found a bootleg copy of Windows 7 on the internet, along with a key generator, and a little program that allowed the operating system to be updated without Microsoft catching on. It was a bit dodgy, but I didn't think that she actually could afford the cost of a real install of Windows. My instincts told me that she probably would have a hard time even feeding herself until her mosaic was finished, and she got the two grand that was promised. She was a truly talented girl, and not just with her mouth. I was willing to bet that she would be a viable commercial artist before she actually got her back-up-plan accounting degree.

I reinstalled Windows, registered it with the crack, and successfully got it to update without their servers identifying it as a pirated copy. I then downloaded a decent free anti-virus, and another free anti-malware program. With both of these, I was sure that she would have no more problems with her laptop crashing in the near future.

I did all this mechanically while pondering my real dilemma; what to do about Hope. I looked at the slim band of white gold around my ring finger. It was true that the symbol of our eternal union didn't mean the same thing that it did to me the day that we were married. Sarah was a really good catch for an average looking Joe like me. She was beautiful and intelligent. I tried to think of other things that I really enjoyed about her, and came up empty. It was pathetic, really. We had been married for five years; and truthfully, the fire had died out after the first year we were man and wife. The sex tapered off from once a day, to once a week, to once a month. She never seemed excited to be with me; she just tolerated my presence. It was like we were roommates that shared a bed. The more that I thought about it, the more that my unconscious mind seemed to making the decision for me. 

I considered what might happen if things went farther between Hope and I. Most likely, she would get tired of me after a few times of having sex, and bid me farewell. If that was the case, then where was the harm in this? Sarah would never need to know, and it wouldn't change anything in our zero inertia relationship. Objects at rest tend to stay at rest; so says Sir Isaac Newton. Sarah and I were definitely at rest. On the total opposite end of the spectrum; what if Hope was the real deal? She was sexy, and obviously smart, and very artistically talented; would it be so bad if things went well for us? I couldn't ever picture her and me just tolerating each other's presence.

I shut down Hope's laptop, and replaced it in the case, and put it in the back of my Jeep. I brushed my teeth, undressed, and went to bed; alone.

I was up at five A.M. the next day, and had to eat, shower, and to be at work by seven. Sarah was sleeping next to me when I woke up. I guess all the day's activities had tired me out, because I never even felt her get into bed. I rolled out of bed, and brushed my teeth, shaved, showered, and dressed for work. Before I walked out, I wrote a note to Sarah on the erasable board on the refrigerator. 

I will be going to Tony's after work. I don't expect to be home for dinner.

Love,

Me

I got to work, and immediately started the inventory that I did every morning on our high priced merchandise. It took about forty five minutes every morning, and this was no exception. The only hiccup in my entire shift was when Mitch "The Bitch" decided to come over and harass me some more.

"I've got my eye on you, Robert. There is something not quite right with you, and when I find it; it will be your ass." He said this quietly to me, when we were alone. Great. Now I have a supervisor with a grudge against me. Just what I need today. I just beamed a huge smile at him, like he gave me a compliment.

"Thank you for your concern, Mitch. I know that the company appreciates you looking out for its bottom line." I turned, and walked over to help an elderly couple that was looking at the T.V. display wall. I helped them pick out a fifty five inch flat screen, and even helped load it into their car. When I returned it was time for my break. I walked back to the break room, and bought a bottle of water from the vending machine, and sat down in a booth. I took my phone out and sat it on the table. The rubber coated phone case didn't make a sound when it touched the table, but to me it sounded heavy. I guess it was the decision that I was about to make weighing on me. I pulled up my contact list, and pushed the screen on the name that I had her number saved under: Bob. I found it quite ironic considering how she had bobbed for me the last time I saw her. Damn she looked hot in those leggings. She had an ass that would turn heads, even at a funeral.

Me: Hey gorgeous :) How are u doing today?

My phone vibrated on the table after about thirty seconds with her reply.

Bob: You have great timing. I just got out of class, and sat down to have a cup of coffee. How did things go with my laptop? Is it hopelessly ruined?

Me: No. Your computer is fine. I fixed it with no prob. I even put free antivirus on it for u. I was wondering if I could bring it by after I get off work today.

I took a sip of my water, and waited. My phone sat there on the table. A minute passed, and then two, then five. My water was empty, and I crushed the plastic bottle right when my phone vibrated again.

Bob: What time do you get out of work?

Me: 4. I could probably get to your house between 4:30 and 5, depending on traffic.

Bob: That would be perfect. My last class ends at 3. That would give me time to get home, and be ready when you get there.

Ready when I get there. That was an interesting turn of phrase. I could not get this girl out of my mind. Every five seconds I thought about how sexy she looked, or how good she smelled, or how she tasted, or the way that her voice had sounded so raspy when she called my name as she came.

Me: OK. That sounds perfect. I can't wait to see u later.

I had already hit send when I realized that I had just told her that I couldn't wait to see her. That was not at all like me; I never told any girl anything like that. What if she had changed her mind about sex? I guess that I would just have to see when I got there, and play it by ear. My break was over, so I threw my bottle away, and walked back onto the sales floor.

The rest of the day dragged by. I guess it was the anticipation that I was feeling that made it go by so slow. It had been so long since I felt excited about a woman that I almost didn't know what to make of it. I sold a bunch of stuff to people, and I had my semi-daily visit from Autumn. She was an extremely hot girl who came into our department at least three days out of the five that I worked to flirt with me. She was a tall, leggy brunette with a gorgeous body. Her small, perky breasts were perfect, and were never restricted by the use of a bra; which also let her nipples almost poke through her shirt during every visit. Her face was gorgeous. She had big eyes, and a generous mouth. She would have looked at home on any runway in Paris, or Milan. The main problem with Autumn was that she was still in high school. It may seem hypocritical for me to refuse Autumn, and to be planning on fucking Hope. They are for all practical purposes the same age. The dividing line in my head is between high school and college, even if both the girls are eighteen and nineteen. I refuse to be 'that old guy' who is banging a high school chick, even if she is hotter than the surface of the sun. If Autumn comes back next year when she is a college freshman, she might get some action from me.

I played it cool with her, just like I normally did. She asked about a movie, and I took her over to show where it was. She asked a couple of intelligent questions, and exuded her raw sexuality. She even went so far as rubbing her hard nipples against my chest when another customer came down the aisle; as if I could fail to notice her excitement without a tactile demonstration. She always gave me her phone number, which she always had written down in advance. This time was no exception. My permanent excuse for not calling her was that I lost her number. This time she went as far as putting it all the way down into the front pocket of my chinos. As soon as she left I threw it away, that way I would never have any chance of calling her in a lonely moment. 

Her visit was the high point of my day. It felt normal to me, as bizarre as that sounds. It was normal, in comparison to my constant thoughts about Hope. I punched out, and went to the bathroom to wash my face. When I got out to my Jeep I used one of those disposable toothbrushes to try and freshen up my breath some, and chewed a piece of gum. I wish that I would have been able to bring a change of clothes, but it isn't like I do strenuous physical labor; unless you counted fighting off Autumn's advances.  

I turned some music on, and the drive was a pleasant one. Even though I hit a few pockets of heavy traffic, it seemed to go by in just a couple of minutes. I rang the bell that was labeled H. Kendrick. After just a moment I heard her musical voice.

"Is that my savior, Rob?" Normally I took offense to anyone calling me Rob, but coming from her it sounded hip and cool. I guess that a girl as smoking hot as her could have called me Bobby, and I would have answered to it with a smile. I chuckled at the savior reference.

"Yeah, it's me, Hope. I don't know about the savior part, though." I heard a buzzing noise, and I pushed through the heavy steel door into her apartment's vestibule. There were four apartments that were accessed through this door; two on the ground floor, and two on the second floor. Hope lived in the right hand one on the second floor. I walked up the stairs, and just as I got ready to tap on the door, it opened.

Hope looked to have just stepped out of the shower. Her cheeks still held the rosy glow from the hot water, and her blonde hair was in a damp ponytail. She wore a long grey t-shirt that had a faded picture of a man wearing a beret, with the word "Che" underneath it. I assumed that it was Che Guevara, the Argentinian Revolutionary. I knew only a bit about him. This was certainly a different look that she had shown me previously. She wore no make-up at all this time, and had traded the sexy clothes for a slightly baggy t-shirt. I had really enjoyed the way her eye make-up had highlighted her blue eyes, but she also looked absolutely gorgeous au naturale. I followed her in, and sat her laptop down on her table.

"You brought my laptop back! You really are my savior." She hopped up, and hugged me tight around my neck. She had to hop because she was only five feet tall in bare feet. She smelled great, like peaches, and some kind of flowers. I wrapped my arms around her waist, and pulled her tight against me. I felt her hard nipples poking into my chest. I looked down to check out her best feature, her ass; and I found that I was looking at her bare butt cheeks. Her ass cheeks were as flushed as the ones on her face. She answered the door in only a t-shirt. I was hard in an instant. Her thighs had grabbed my hips a little when she jumped on me, but she wrapped her legs the rest of the way around me, and locked her ankles. She raised herself up, until she was eye to eye with me. She weighed almost nothing in my arms.

"So," she said in a nonchalant voice, as if her half naked body being wrapped around mine was of no consequence. "Have you thought about our dilemma?"

"I haven't been able to think about anything else." This was an absolutely true statement. I hadn't been able to think of anything else since I walked out of her apartment yesterday.

"So, what did you come up with?" She hesitated after this. "Did you regret what happened as soon as you left?" I chuckled a bit at that.

"No, not at all. Did you?" I looked into her icy blue eyes. She stared at me intently, as if she were trying really hard to read me.

"Hell no. I only regretted that I said no to sex. I think that extreme orgasm that I had must have rattled my wits for a few minutes. I know that my legs were definitely wobbly. I should have waited a few minutes, and then jumped your bones for all I was worth." I leaned in and kissed her, and she returned the kiss greedily. I felt her tongue slide inside my mouth, and I sucked it, and slid mine into hers as soon as I could. She performed fellatio on my tongue. I carried her from the kitchen toward her bedroom. I bumped her partially closed bedroom door with her entirely naked, but perfect ass, and laid her gently on the bed. She quickly pulled her t-shirt over her head, and flung it carelessly across the room. It just missed a stuffed teddy bear on her dresser.

Her bedroom was dim, since she had the blinds closed; but it was bright enough to see the beautiful nude angel posing on her red satin sheets. Her hair was a golden blonde; and I knew that it was real, because the carpet matched the drapes. It hung in a ponytail behind her head, and it didn't quite reach down to the middle of her back. Her arms were behind her, and her chest pushed forward, bringing my attention to her exquisitely perky breasts. They were just the right size; not so big as to be saggy, but were decidedly feminine, and were more than a mouthful. Her nipples were perfect, and both of them were erect now. They were the pink of a pencil eraser, and stuck out a full half an inch from her quarter-sized areolas. Her belly was flat, but I could see the faint ripple of muscles beneath her soft skin. Her belly button was pierced with a small stud above her navel, and a diamond encrusted bow inside her belly button. Her pussy was swollen, and was flushed a dark pink. It was clear that she was wet by the way that the light glistened on her wetness. Even her little blonde landing strip seemed damp. Her legs were open, and her blue eyes were lit up in a look of pure, unadulterated bliss.

I began to pull my clothes off as quickly as I could manage; letting them fall where they happened to land. My shoes and my shirt were first, and then my socks; which made me hop on one foot briefly, and then my pants and boxers. My hard cock jutted out to its full eight inch length. The only time in recent memory that I remember it being this hard was yesterday, when Hope had her lips eagerly wrapped around it. She smiled hugely when my erectness came into view. 

I climbed into bed next to her, and immediately she surged forward, and captured my mouth with hers. I was still on my left side in the bed, and she twisted, and molded her body to mine. I felt her left hand on the back of my neck, like she wanted to pull me closer into the kiss, which was impossible. Her right hand wrapped itself around my manhood, and began stroking it with a very deliberate sense of urgency. After a few minutes, she rolled onto her back, and because of her tiny hand gripping my schlong; I had no choice but to follow her motion. I was atop her, and her heels were rubbing up and down the small of my back. Since our difference in height was so great, it made kissing in missionary position very uncomfortable, so she broke the kiss, and began urging me into position. 

"Do I need to wear a condom, Hope?" She was very excited, and was breathing hard from our extended make out session. I had a three pack of Magnums in the pocket of my jeans. She continued to urge me to scoot up to better align myself for entry.

"No. I get the Depo shot, unless you have something nasty that you haven't told me about." The look on her face wasn't worried. It looked like she was just throwing the subject out there, just in case.

"No, I'm clean as a whistle." She smiled, and began rubbing the head of my cock between her pussy lips to lubricate me for entry. Judging on how tight she was yesterday with only one finger, this was going to be slow going. It only hit me then how tiny Hope was as she lay underneath me. She seemed very small, and I began to worry about hurting her. I wasn't a small guy in any of my proportions. I felt her fuck hole align with the head of my cock, and I began to apply pressure to begin the process of squeezing myself inside of her.

"Goddamn, you are big." Her eyes kept getting bigger and bigger, and my entire head wasn't all the way in yet. I wondered how long it had been since this irresistible woman had gotten laid. From the squeeze that I was feeling as my entire head popped in, it had probably been a while. I wondered why. I know that she was busy between her school, and art; but damn, a woman that looked like her had to have hot college guys lining up to hit on her.

I got about an inch of shaft inside, and she started moaning loudly. I hope that none of her neighbors worked any strange hours, because if yesterday was any indication, her whole building was about to know that she was getting some dick. I guess that is a drawback with having an apartment. I took a small break.

"Are you OK, beautiful?" She smiled radiantly at me.

"Honestly, I haven't been this good in a long while." She smiled again. I loved the twinkle in her eyes when she smiled. Most people just smile with their mouth, but when she smiled, her entire face lit up. "You have a huge cock, by the way." The sparkle glinted again in her ocean blue eyes.

"Flattery can get you anywhere," I said. I knew that I was pretty well endowed. I was a couple of inches longer than average, and my girth was bigger than average. I guess that is one of the things that made me so confident in talking to women. I know that when it came down to the rubber meeting the road, I have the skill, and the equipment to satisfy pretty much any woman on the planet. I remember a trip that I had taken to Las Vegas when I was in college. I ended up hooking up with a pretty popular porn starlet. She gave me rave reviews. I still pat myself on the back about that. "If it starts to hurt, or starts feeling uncomfortable, let me know, OK?" Hope nodded her head.

I started putting some more steady pressure, and I felt myself making headway. She was really wet, and from the noises that she was making, she was really enjoying getting her cooter stretched to three times its former size. Before I knew it, all eight inches were inside her and my closely cropped pubic hair rested against her puffy, shaved pussy lips. I looked down, amazed; but I was happy to finally fuck a woman again who could take all of me in. Sarah never could, at least not without her screaming, followed by an hour of bitching and whining. I was just surprised that this little slip of a girl could do it. Sarah was ten inches taller than her. I guess good things sometimes do come in small packages.

I started stroking softly, and slowly; letting her gradually get used to being fucked. It was one thing to have my middle finger in her cooter, and quite another to have an eight inch cock up in there. She looked so... delicate. She had a very fine bone structure. I could have almost wrapped my forefinger and thumb twice around her wrist; if it were anatomically possible. I could almost encircle her waist with my two hands. Thinking about all of this must have got me even more worked up, because without even knowing it, I was fucking her pretty hard. She was eating it up. Her legs were still wrapped around me, and I felt her nails digging into my biceps. 
