 It was time for the annual company Christmas party. Debbie, my wife of a number of years didn't want to go. Nothing new there. She hated the company I worked for and, I had to assume, everyone there. There was never any reason that made any sense, she just said the hated the place. I was going none the less. I liked the lot of them and since I spent about half of my time awake five days a week with them, I felt like partying with them. She could stay home if she wanted to, but I was going.

I got to the party a little late, but then so did a few of the others. I met Paula getting out of her car in the parking lot. Another late arriver. She was dressed to kill; a short dark green knit dress, dark stockings, and green heels. The heels were at least three inch ones, regular "catch-me-fuck-me" pumps. The upper part of her dress was hidden by her jacket, and I couldn't wait to see her with that jacket off. I just love women in those knit dresses! Talk about form fitting. There just isn't anything sexier.

"You're getting here a little late too huh?" I said as she was getting out of her car.

"Yes," she said, "I had a few things to get done before I could come."

Come? Must be nice. Hell, I wasn't even breathing hard. Debbie hadn't felt like sex much lately. "At least you made it." I was happy to see her. Of the women I worked with, she was one of the friendliest, and the one I confided in when things didn't go well, both at work and at home. She was also about the sexiest.

"I see your wife didn't come to this shindig, unless you two came in separate cars."

"No, I had to come alone. Same old excuse, hates the company and all. No date tonight?" She was single and dated quite a bit, but the rumor was that she went through so many men as she simply wore them out after about two weeks.

"Nope, no hot date tonight. I just broke up with the last one Monday."

"Sorry to hear that." I said as we started to walk into the banquet hall together.

"Aw that's alright." she said. "He didn't' work out. That's the way it goes. I'm looking for a keeper, and he wasn't it. You might say I just threw that fish back into the pond. He was also hung like a horse and I'm not a mare."

"Too big was a problem?"

"It is for me. I'm not that big. It just hurt more than felt good. Besides, he was a lousy lover."

"Bummer."

We went in and found a table to share. This table was off in an almost dark corner. There was just enough light to see to eat. Paula slipped her jacket off and hung it over the back of her chair. This dress was nothing short of spectacular! Sleeveless, low cut in the front and somewhat in the back. It clung to her like a fine leather glove. I felt a stirring in my crotch just looking at her.

The dinner that came with this deal was served about ten minutes later. "Looks like we got here in the nick of time." she said.

"I would have hated to miss it, I am starving!"

"At least it isn't being made by the same airline-flying-food company that runs our cafeterias."

She had a point. We ate and talked some. When the dishes were cleared away, we got up to get a drink and mingle. There were about a hundred people here for this event, we both wanted to go and see a few other friends.

It was almost an hour later that we both arrived back at the table. We had consumed a few drinks and danced with a few friends and just wanted to sit down for a while. "Having fun?" I asked her as she sat down.

"Yea, a great time. I love these sort of things."

"This is a dark little corner, I wonder what all you could get away with if you had a date with you back here."

"You could probably just about screw back here and no one would be able to see you."

The band started a slow song. Just the kind to hold your partner close. "Would you like to dance?" I asked her.

"That sounds nice. I have danced with a few of the guys tonight, but not you. Too bad your wife didn't come, she could have had a great time."

"Probably, but she never will." Out on the dance floor she moved in close to me and I put my arm around her. I couldn't detect a bra across her back and began to wonder if she had one on. She was small breasted, and sometimes didn't even wear one to work. On the days she didn't, I got hard just knowing she didn't. There was something about her that I found very erotic. As we danced she snuggled in closer and I could feel her stiff nipples poking at my chest through that dress and my shirt. I loved it and was getting hard just dancing with her and feeling her nipples poking me. Towards the end of the song we were dancing close enough that I had one foot in between hers. She must have been feeling the drinks, as she pushed her pelvis up against mine. There wasn't any way she could not have felt my hard-on. I slid my hand down her back - no bra strap. No wonder her nipples were sticking out so far. We turned so that her back was to the wall, and I slid my hand down over her shapely little ass and gently squeezed it. She must have had thong undies on as it felt like there was nothing over that shapely little bottom but the dress. This little bit of knowledge only made me harder.

"Damn," she whispered in my ear, "Your wife is really going to get it when you get home! Lucky her."

"I wouldn't bet on it. Debbie hasn't been into sex much lately. She seems to have one excuse after another. There are days when I don't even bother to ask. I will probably just have to take care myself when I get home."

"If it makes you feel any better, I won't be getting any tonight either. I will probably just have to jill off and think about you. You won't mind if I think of you while I do that will you?" she asked with a slight chuckle.

"Not at all. I will certainly be thinking of you as I get myself off, but we could fix it so neither of us has to just think of the other."

"I don't know. I think your wife would be a little ticked off if she found out that you balled me tonight."

"So try not to tell her; I could forget to mention it easily enough."

"You know, I just might not mention it to her, but then I don't know her anyway. I need a little something nice and hard and warm inside me tonight. If she doesn't want you, what the hell; I do!"

"Good, because I sure as hell wouldn't mind getting into your pants tonight. I am so horney I could just about do you right there at the table."

"After this dance and feeling what you have hidden in you pants and you grabbing my ass, I could almost go for that idea. This thing goes until midnight. How about we just make our excuses and leave about ten thirty and go over to my place? We leave a few minutes apart and now one will suspect a thing."

"That works." I knew where she lived. I had never been there, but the house was visible from the road I took to work.

"Good. That gives us time to screw ourselves silly and still have you get home about the right time."

"I like the way you think!"

"I'm getting all wet just thinking about it."

I was certainly hard thinking about it. I could feel some pre-come leaking out the end of my cock as we talked. The song ended and we parted. We mixed with the others again and didn't see much of each other until we were ready to go. She left first; about 10:20. I left about ten minutes later. It was just a short drive over to Paula's house.

I arrived at her front door and rang the bell. She answered the door in that same stunning dress and heels. "You sure look great tonight Paula." I told her as I walked into her house.

"Thank you." She led me over to the couch. "Want something to drink?"

"Sure. Whatever you are having."

"Scotch on the rocks."

"That sounds nice."

She brought the drinks over and set them on the coffee table. As she sat down I put my arm around her and drew here near me to kiss her. Within minutes we were laying on the couch kissing and caressing each other. "I really have to confess," I said breaking the kiss, "I have really had the hots for you for some time. The days when you don't wear a bra to work just drives me nuts."

"Why didn't you ever say something? I was always fond of you, but since you are married I thought you would never have anything to do with me. There are times when I get myself off thinking of what it would be like to be with you."

"I guess for the same reason that you thought I wouldn't have anything to do with you. I'm married so I thought you would have never touched me."

"Oh Christ. It's hard to believe the games we play sometimes. Lets get our clothes off and make up for a little lost time while we still have the time." She got up and never took her eyes off me while she slipped that dress down over her shoulders and slid it down her chest. First her small but highly erotic breasts appeared, capped by two long and very erect nipples; no bra. The dress slid lower, revealing her slender sexy body. Further down it traveled, revealing her full dark bush. She wasn't wearing any panties! No wonder her ass felt so good when I had squeezed it on the dance floor. By now my cock was straining to be free of my pants. She pushed the dress down the rest of the way. The stockings were thigh-highs. 

That dress hit the floor, and when she stood up if she had touched my cock I would have come. It's surprising how you can work with a woman day in and day out and not know how incredibly sexy she can be with no clothes on. She had never dressed in a way that showed off her hot body. Fact of the matter was, she just dressed like Ms. Average at work. There she stood with nothing on but the dark stocking and those green heels. "Now let's see what you have been hiding from me." she said as she sat on the edge of the couch.

I really didn't know how to strip for a woman and make it sexy. I wasn't about to try an imitate a Chippendale for her. I just didn't have the build for it. I just took my clothes off and stared at her incredible body as I did it. When I was naked I sat on the couch next to her and again put an arm around her. Her skin was so warm and smooth. My other hand went to her chest and gently cupped one of her breasts as I drew her closer to me. Her breasts were so firm and sexy I couldn't help but lean over and take one of those long nipples into my mouth and suck on it. As I sucked on the nipple I felt her warm hand wrap around my very stiff cock and begin to stroke it slowly. Her hand moved from the head leaking pre-come all the way to the base and back up.

"Hey buddy!" she said, "Wanna blow job?"

"You serious?"

"Not till you come, I want that inside me, but I would like to suck on you a little. Stand up here in front of me."

I stood up and did as she asked. As I moved in front of her, my cock was standing up like a flag pole in front of her face. Paula gave it a few strokes with her hand as she admired it, then began licking the head. She licked all around the sensitive head, then up and down the underside of the shaft before she took the head all the way into her hot mouth. She moved the head in and out of her mouth a few times, then started taking more and more of the shaft into her mouth as her head moved back and forth. She really knew what a blow job was all about! One hand was moving up and down the shaft in time with her mouth, and the other was very gently massaging my come filled balls. I was really surprised when she was getting half of me into her mouth, but she kept working on it and it wasn't long before I could feel the tip hitting the back of her throat! This was incredible. "That feels so good." I moaned. She stopped taking quite so much of it into her mouth, but started going faster. I could feel her tongue working on the underside of the head as it came almost out of her mouth. The head of my cock start to swell as I started to get close to coming. I was just about to say something about that when she took it out of her mouth.

"Lie down on the couch." she said. "I want this wonderful cock inside me and I want to ride you. Besides, I think you were going to come if I kept that up much longer."

"I was getting pretty close. You really do that well."

I thought I must have died and gone to heaven. I lay on the couch and watched her position herself over my cock. She took it in one hand and held it straight up and aimed it at her sex as she lowered herself down onto it. She was so wet and ready that she was able to sink it all the way into herself in one slow delicious downstroke. I felt her puffy outer lips come in contact with the base of my cock and the very tip of it touch her cervix. I put my hands on her hips as she began to move up and down on me. "You feel incredible, and you are so tight."

"You make me feel pretty good too. What a fit! I can take all of you inside me without getting hurt and it hits all the right places." She closed her eyes and tilted her head back as she slowly rode up and down on my cock.

What a view I had of her body as she slowly rode me. She was leaning back a little and as she lifted up I could see her swollen clit peaking out of its hood. I could also see my wet shaft going in and out of her; coming out until just the head was still inside her and then disappearing completely as she lowered herself down on it. Her hands were on her breast pinching and pulling on her nipples. Those dark stocking and the heels were just the finishing touch. This was like being fucked by one of those centerfold models that you only get to see in a magazine. If I had ever asked my wife to do something like this she would have thought I was some kind of pervert.

"Oh God this feels good." she moaned. "So fucking good. I could just ride you like this all night."

It was quit a few minutes until either of us said anything again. We were too lost in the feeling to say anything.

"How about you having me on the bottom and let's have a nice hard fuck?" she said as she got off me.

I got up and she lay on the couch now. I moved between her sexy legs and before I could reach for my cock to aim it, her hand wrapped around it and did that for me. Again I slid all the way into her on the first stroke. I lay on her now and nuzzled her neck as I began to move in and out of her again. Her hard nipples poking my chest felt terrific.

"Harder." she moaned. "I want you to really fuck me nice and hard."

"I won't last long doing that."

"I won't last long anyway! I want to get off really good. I want to have a screaming good come, and you really fucking me will do that."

I knew mine was going to be a good one, I could just feel it. I started to pound away hard and fast into her now. She wrapped her legs around my back, tilting her pelvis up so I went all the way into her. She was so wet that we were making wet squishy sounds as our bodies met with each stroke. "Oh God, I'm about ready to come." I moaned into her neck.

"Come for me. As soon as you start pumping come into me, I know it's going to set me off."

"Oh God...I'm coming!...I'm coming!!" I groaned in her ear. I felt the first of my come start deep inside me and rush up my cock and deep into her. True to her word, Paula started to come as the first of my come entered her. She groaned as it started and the feeling of her coming, her moans, her body jerking and spasming, only served to make mine last longer. I thought I had pumped a gallon of my come into her by the time it was over. I had filled her to overflowing. A combination of my come and hers was now leaking out of her and running down her ass as we lay there trying to get our breath back.

A little later we got cleaned up and I got dressed. It was tough to have to leave her and go home.

"You know," she said as I was about to leave, "we ought to find a way to get together for a little sex at work."

"The place certainly is big enough. We will have to give that some serious thought." It would make going to work a whole lot more fun.

Fifteen minutes after leaving Paula's place I was home.

"Did you have a nice time?" my wife asked as I came in the door.

"I had a ball."

By Art, Copyright (C) 1996, All rights reserved.