 "We'll just pick you up at your apartment at 7:30," the woman's voice on the phone instructed me, "And that's all there is to it, Tonia!"

"OK," I chuckled, "See you then."

The woman on the phone was Ruth, the wife of my boss, Dick. I guess Dick had said something to her about the mood I've been in at work lately and that I said I was going to get really wiped out at our party tonight. Ruth said she was concerned about me driving. They live about three miles from me so it wasn't going to be too far out of their way.

The office staff had dwindled all afternoon. When Ruth called at a little after four, I was the only one left. I knew I'd have to work until five because there was a possibility that someone from our largest customer's office might call and my boss didn't want to make a big deal about us closing early. He knew I could handle anything that came up.

I sat at my desk, daydreaming about the dress I'd found on the Internet. The black dress looks almost like a slip. It has spaghetti straps that criss-cross in the back, which is bare from the waist up. It's at least three inches above my knees and has a short slit up each side. I can't wear a bra under it so the firm nipples on my smallish breasts, become very noticeable. Dick calls me a brat because I love to tease him by wearing short skirts or something else, sexy, to work. I know the other men watch me too, but he's so much fun to tease. I still wasn't sure if I had enough nerve to wear the dress, though.

Time flew by and soon I was looking at myself in the full length mirror in my bedroom, "I don't know if you should wear this..." I kept turning around and looking at how naughty my little 95 pound, five foot two and a half inch body looked in this silky dress.

It was too late to change. The doorbell rang and I scampered down the hall and opened it. "Just need to grab a jacket and my coat," I turned quickly.

"Wait a minute!" Dick called out. "Let me see what you are wearing."

"What?" I stopped and looked at him. "Oh, this?" I let have a good look.

"Oh, my God!" Dick's voice cracked, "You must be planning on getting raped tonight!"

"You like the way I look?" I turned around quickly.

"You may not make it out of your apartment!" He teased, moving towards me.

I laughed and moved away before he could grab me. I slipped on a black blazer and then my black trench coat. Dick grabbed me and kissed me hard. "We've got to go," I reminded him.

"Too bad," he fixed the obvious bulge in his pants.

The party was in a separate room at a nice restaurant. For some reason, Ruth wouldn't leave my side and I sat next to her and Dick through the whole festivities. I had consulted Ruth on the gift that we were all giving to Dick and she seemed truly interested in me and my life. Dick always said he didn't talk shop at home, but she asked me some questions that indicated otherwise.

I made a little presentation when I handed Dick the gift and he reached down and grabbed my butt while no one could see. 

He liked the gift and made a little speech about the company and our division. 

Soon it was ten-thirty, and a group had decided to go to Dick and Ruth's for some more drinking and whatever. When we left the restaurant, I told them that they could drop me off at home. "No way," Ruth chimed in. "I've heard you're a good cook and I can use your help with some snacks."

At their house, I was a real help. Ruth had some wings to bake and I mixed up a cheese spread as well as fixed some other stuff she had too. I guess this was all planned, but last year I was sick and didn't go. No one had mentioned this part this year, though.

Many of the people remarked how good the food was and I took credit where due. Ruth seemed to be always near by and praising me for my help.

I kept my blazer on all night and no one other than Dick had seen the full effect, so to speak, of the dress. I had been teased about how short it was and that I had to stay close to the boss, and his wife, so I'd be safe.

I started loading the dishwasher, and cleaning up, as the group grew smaller and the food disappeared. What a wonderful wife I could be. Soon, only a few hard core drinkers were left. At two o'clock, it was down to Steve, his wife Marcy, Dick, Ruth and I, sitting at the dining room table. Steve seemed drunk and that was confirmed when, in front of everyone, he spurted out, "Tonia," the slurring was almost typical, "You are one sexy looking fuck!"

"Right!," I stood up, "You are drunk and it's time for me to get home."

"Now wait a minute," Steve got up, came around the table and grabbed me, "I want to see that jacket come off!"

"No, I don't think so," I worked to remove his hands from my wrists. "It's time to leave."

"It's too sexy for you." Dick informed Steve.

"What the..." I looked at Dick, "Thanks for the help!"

"What does it look like?" Ruth smiled. "I hear that you are a little sex kitten at work anyway. I'd like to the rest of it too!"

"If I take it off," I bargained, "Will you take me home?"

"Sure," Ruth smiled. "It must be naughty."

Steve released me and stepped back a step or two. I slipped the blazer back a little on my shoulders to wolf whistles from Steve.

"Ok, that's enough," I stopped.

"You said you'd take it off," Ruth chimed in.

"Yea!" Steve added, "That's what you said."

So I slipped it off and turned around quickly to whistles and cat calls. Steve was mumbling something about riding someone's cock.

Suddenly the light went off and a pair of large hands were grabbing at my breasts and I could see Dick and Steve in front of me.

"No!" I cried out and then was shoved back against the wall and a hungry mouth engulfed mine. I saw Marcy, Steve and Ruth go into the living room. Ruth turned of those lights too.

Now Dick pressed his full body against me and, with the moonlight, I saw Marcy and Steve going into a passionate grasp.

Dick's fingers teased my nipples and I knew I was hot. I gasped for breaths when ever his mouth allowed it and he ground his crotch into mine.

"I think you need a good fucking!" he told me.

"I have got to get home," I protested, but knew I was starting to like this.

I caught a glimpse of the activity in the living room. Steve was naked and the two women were down to their panties. They were all on the floor and Steve was ready to nail them.

Dick said some words that I didn't hear and then a hand slipped up my short dress and I instinctively parted my thighs. "You are hot and wet," I heard him say. "You are ready for a good fucking! I'm just the guy to do it, too!"

With that, he dropped to his knees, lifted my dress and pulled down my panties. I go to the tanner often so I'm sporting a nice tan and wasn't wearing nylons. I know I gasped when his fingers teased the lips of my pussy. My fingers seemed to move to his head and slip through his hair. I groaned as he leaned to kiss my wetness.

His tongue flicked the fleshy folds of my pussy and then darted against the back of the opening. 

"Oh, Dick!" I gasped, pulling his face tighter to me.

Then his mouth moved around and he found my clit. I know I moaned loudly when he took it between his lips and sucked on it.

I squirmed against the wall when he shoved at least two fingers into my opening. I found myself working with him, my pussy fucking his fingers while he sucked on my clit.

My breathing was shallow and quick, My 42 year old boss between my 29 year old thighs giving me some very good oral sex. God, I loved it!

I couldn't believe how horny I was! I wanted him so bad, I clinched my teeth with the impending score.

Just then, he stopped and moved his face up to mine. He gave me a taste of my own pussy as his tongue passed my lips.

What was he doing? Anyone could tell I was ready for a good fuck! "Don't stop now," I sounded like I was begging, "Please don't stop now!"

"You are a horny little bitch, aren't you?" He teased

"Call me anything you want," I gasped, my fingers slipped down to my clit, "I just need to get off!"

"You sexy slut!" Dick grabbed me by the shoulders and moved me around the corner to the kitchen. "I'll fuck you, slut!"

My breathing was more like gasps and I grabbed at the bulge in his pants and plunged my tongue into his mouth, "Fuck me!" I pleaded, "Fuck me!"

Dick quickly opened his pants, letting them drop to the floor. I shoved down the waistband of his boxer shorts and squeezed his erection. "Like that?" he taunted me, "You really want that?"

"God! You know I do!" I jerked on the long shaft.

He turned me around and pushed my face to the counter. He parted my thighs and rammed his hard cock into my soggy pussy. "I'm going to fuck you now, slut! Just like I'm going to do in the office each week!" You are my sex slave!"

I didn't care about anything except getting off, right now and started moving back and forth with his thrusts. God how good it felt to have his cock in me. With his hands on my hips, I felt like I was being pulled back from the edge of the kitchen cabinets. This left a space in front of me as he hammered into my hips.

I know he whispered some more dirty words and I probably said some too, but I was shocked when I felt something against my clit.

I was just going to start rubbing it, in case Dick went too soon, when a hand moved mine away.

I finally lifted my face enough to see Ruth sitting on the floor. She started kissing and sucking my clit!

"Oh, God!" I gasped, not sure how I felt about this, my hands moved to push her away.

"Just let go," Ruth's soft voice instructed me, her hands pushing mine away. "Just let go."

Then Dick grabbed my wrists and held them against the sides of my hips while he gave me some very hard, very deep thrusts, saying, "Get her Ruth! She's is ours!"

I was going quickly now, Dick's breath and words told me he was ready and Ruth's fingers now were flicking my pussy lips around her husband's plunging cock. She did wonderful things to my clit, teasing it and tormenting my sweet little body into submission.

"Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" Dick nearly crushed Ruth as he shot off his load.

I was at the edge and finally went over when Dick leaned back a little and shoved his thumb up my ass.

My muscles tightened, my voice scratchy and broken. My throat dry and my wetness bathing Ruth's face. 

I know Ruth had to get a face full as I really came hard. 

I was just catching my breath when Ruth got out from under me and said, "Come with me."

I had no idea why she was leading me upstairs and didn't care. My head was still pounding from my release and I was grateful.

"Come in here," Ruth directed me to the master bedroom and a king size bed. "Lets have some more fun," she guided me to the bed.

Shock was setting in. It was becoming clear what she wanted.

"You still have your sexy little dress on," she started pulling it up and over my head. "Here." She kissed me, "Taste your orgasm!"

I didn't taste much but we were soon lying on the bed and she guided my face to her tits. Ruth's are larger than mine and I guess I liked the softness of hers. Mine are rather small and very firm. I almost never wear a bra. If Ruth went bra-less, you'd know it by the jiggle.

I just closed my eyes and did to hers what I like done to mine. She quickly moaned and groaned. She slipped a hand down between her legs and was fingering herself.

I slid a hand down to assist and she cried out, "Oh, yes! Tonia! Yes!"

I like being appreciated. My fingers darted around her pussy and finally found her clit.

"Oh!" she gasped as I uncovered the little hard spot. "Oh! Tonia!"

Both her hands were on my head now and I felt she was directing me to move lower. I did, stopping for a moment at her belly button and then to her wetness.

"Please? Tonia, please?" I glanced up at her begging face.

I didn't answer with words. I dove into her muff and worked everything I could to discover what she liked.

"Oh! Oh! Oh!" she cried out, "Tonia!"

I knew I was doing what she liked and worked her sloppy pussy and her hard clit. Her thighs tightened up against the side of my face and she screamed loud enough for anyone in the house to hear, "Oh! Tonia!"

She just returned the favor as her juices smeared across my face.

As she released my face, I felt a pair of hands on my bare hips, "You are such a slut!" Dick's voice condemned me. 

As I started to move away, he showed me over on my back, lifted my legs in the air and planted his meat stick inside me.

"That's not what you want," Ruth came back to life and shoved at his chest. "You know you want us to give you a blow job!"

In a flash, Dick was on his back and Ruth and I were taking turns sucking his cock and balls. 

We worked his manhood with out hands and our mouths, he called us every dirty name in the book.

Then I felt him grab one of my legs, "Slap that soggy pussy on my face, slut!" he pulled me around.

I was in to it now. I ground my pussy all over his face as he lashed at it with his tongue and fucked me with his fingers.

I leaned forward and soon Ruth and I had him to the brink, "You finish him," Ruth slipped off the bed and I deep throated him and squeezed his balls. He wasn't doing a very good job on my pussy now as he was only thinking about what I was doing to him. 

In a few moments, I had a throat full of his hot sticky fluid and I was swallowing as fast as I could.

After licking him dry, I slipped off the bed and picked up my dress. I put it back on as I joined Ruth in the bathroom. "I look like hell!" I peeked at the mirror.

"You look good to me!" Ruth was fixing her eye makeup. "You do look like you just got fucked, though!"

We hugged for a brief moment and then Ruth drove me home. We talked about the three of us along the way.

We agreed to get together again soon.

"Merry Christmas," we hugged each other good-by.

"Maybe we can get together for New Years Eve?" Ruth smiled as I slipped out of the car.