 My wife's company was having their yearly picnic. I normally am pretty bored at these affairs, so I drive separately from my wife and leave after a few hours. This year was a bit different. When we arrived, I asked my wife who the woman with the long, dark, hair was, sitting at the picnic table in front of us.

My wife told me it was the new receptionist, Lisa. So that was the person with the sexy voice each time I called to speak with my wife! Lisa had long, curly brown hair down to the middle of her back. She had small tits and a tight ass, from what I could see of her. She was also sitting alone. My wife was busy chatting with her work friends, so I sat down next to Lisa.

Lisa and I seemed to hit it right off the bat. She was new and didn't know hardly anyone there. That was the same feeling I got every year. I didn't know these people so I sat there bored out of my mind.

However, it worked out for me that day. Lisa and I decided to leave the picnic at the same time. I told my wife I was going and she kissed me goodbye. I walked down the trail, to where the car parking lot was, with Lisa. I decided to make my move. I took Lisa by the hand and led her off the path. Once we were isolated, I started to kiss her mouth. 

Lisa didn't put up a fight. She returned my kiss with passion. We started to grope each other like two teenagers. Lisa then brought me up short.

"Not here, let's go to my place," she whispered to me.

I followed Lisa back to her apartment and we went inside. Once there it didn't take long to get stripped down. Lisa led me to the bedroom and told me to lie back. 

"Close your eyes, I have a surprise for you," Lisa said.

I did as I was told and the next thing I knew I had handcuffs around my wrists. Lisa then cuffed me to the bedposts. I didn't know if I quite liked what she was up to. She told me to enjoy this. Lisa then spread my legs wide and got in between my thighs. She began to kiss and suck my ball sacs.

This was making my cock begin to rise. Lisa continued to massage my balls and then placed her mouth around my mushroom head. She lapped and sucked and kissed my cock everyway imaginable. My cock rose up to its seven inch length pretty fast. She then asked me if I was going to be a good boy for her. There was no doubt in my mind that I was going to.

She undid the cuffs to the posts and then positioned her pussy above my shaft. She then teased me by rubbing her wet slit across my cockhead. She did this a few times and I thought I was going to blow. Lisa then slowly moved down onto my staff. I reached up and took a tit in each of my hands. Lisa wiggled down further, working up and down my pole. 

I wanted her so bad now. I thrust my ass up off the bed and entered her completely. Lisa let out a yip and my hands went to her asscheeks. I pulled them apart, wanting to get as deep as possible inside her tight pussy, and Lisa was tight. My wife's pussy has gotten a bit loose over the years. Lisa must have worked out because she clamped down hard around my fuck stick. 

I knew just how to arouse Lisa. I started to talk dirty to her. I told her she was my slut now. I was going to do whatever I wanted to her. Lisa got very heated up from all this talk. She began to ride me with meaning. She milked up and down my rod, getting down to my root then slowly backing off. I now held Lisa's hips, forcing her down on my cock. I know we lost track of time. 

I also knew I wasn't wearing any protection. I had gotten so carried away, I hadn't given it a thought. It was simply too late now. I could feel Lisa's orgasms growing in strength. I was almost there myself. We were building to a climax. 

"God, Tim... I want your seed," Lisa said. "Please give it to me!"

I thrust a few more times and then I cut loose. I blew one hot fountain of cum after another. I shot my wad deep into Lisa's pussy. Lisa also came, she was practically screaming as she did. We went at it for some minutes after we both came. I never wanted this feeling to end, it was so hot inside Lisa. Just when it seemed we might be finished I flipped Lisa onto her back

I still had my cock buried inside her. Our faces were flushed. I looked directly into her eyes.

"Do you still want and need me Lisa?" I asked.

Oh my God, yes Tim!" "I never want you to stop fucking me, ever," was Lisa's reply to me.

I was still hard and I drove my pecker into her once more. Hard and deep strokes, I was ramming her over and over. Lisa threw her head back as I almost pulled out of her cum drenched hole. I then pushed as fast and hard as I could. Our pubic bones collided together. As I continued to fuck Lisa, my balls were hitting her ass. The slapping noises were making Lisa close to cumming again, she said.

I told her to give her pussy cream to me, I didn't want her holding back on me. After I spoke those words, Lisa lifted up and sprayed her juices all over my dick. There was the sound of wet-on-wet. I couldn't believe how much both of us had cum together. I know I had gotten carried away by the whole experience.

I eventually pulled out of Lisa and she went into the bathroom and got cleaned up. She came back with a damp cloth and cleaned some of the mess from my cock. We both cuddled together, kissing and talking afterwards. I then learned some things about Lisa.

She had gone through a rough divorce recently,and had taken the receptionist's job out of desperation. Her ex had taken the bulk of their savings and ran off. She was also very lonely as of late. Until she had met me, she hadn't made love to a man in some time. She also didn't want to give up what we started that day.

Neither did I. Lovemaking with the wife had been stale for awhile. One complication was that Lisa wasn't interested in sharing. She said she wanted me all to herself. I told her I needed to think about that. She said she would give me a few months to decide. Until then I plan to fuck Lisa at every opportunity I get.