 Guys, have you ever worked with a woman that just oozed sex? She may not be the most beautiful woman in the world, but there is just something so erotic about her? There is just such a woman I work with.

I started working for this company about 4 years ago. While waiting for my interview, she happened to be the one to see me waiting, and asked if I needed any assistance. I will admit that I thought she was a little odd looking. She has short, brown hair and big eyes that verged on buggy. Her lips are big and pouty. I did not consider her ugly by any means, but my reaction was not instant.

This is a small company, and we are not in the same department, but we have to work closely. Actually, I have to work closely with everyone, and she is no exception. Getting to know her, she is infectious. She is quick to smile, and genuinely friendly. Soon, I started noticing a sexual attraction to her. Nothing specific drew me to her, but there was something there. She carried herself like a mother would, and I did learn that she did have a child, but was divorced. I just could not put a finger on it.

One day I noticed it. This was obvious, and not something I had missed before. This was new. She was facing the empty desk next to mine reading some paper. This in itself was not unusual as the printer was right there. What I noticed was that she was leaned over slightly, and her ass was swaying in little circles. She was wearing a long dress that slipped between her cheeks. Either she was not wearing panties, or it was a thong. I had a golden opportunity to watch, as my monitor was angled slightly in that direction. This was the beginning of her entering my fantasies.

About a week later, just before Christmas, she came to work in an outfit that made me have to hide out in the restroom to masturbate. She had on a turtleneck sweater that really showed off her boobs, a short, short skirt, and boots that came over her calves. I prayed that I would get the ass swaying in my face again. It was not to happen that day, but I did see that outfit on a number of occasions after. As it got warmer, she changed the sweater to other thinner shirts.

When spring arrived, she wore a nice light dress that went to the floor. I thought nothing of it, other than it reminded me that spring was here. She called me on my phone with some questions. I went to her desk to show her how to get the answers, and I noticed that I could see down the dress to the valley between her boobs. She wore this dress during the warm months often enough. When she did, I welcomed even the dumbest question she might come up with.

I am not going to even consider that she was trying to tease me. She was nothing but professional with everyone in the office. Maybe she was getting .frustrated. being single, and it was coming out in her dress. No matter, she tormented me. I was getting aroused in the most mundane of outfits. Jeans day was especially nice to see her butt framed in that denim. There was a time she was on my phone in my lab talking to a perspective boyfriend as I found out. People tended to go back to make personal calls. Desire aside, I was a little upset about this, and I made my point by not leaving to give her privacy. I had to work on some cabling where she was standing, and I got a great close view of her butt in jeans. It was all I could do to not nip her in the cheek while I kneeled there.

Once she was done, I explained that I had things that needed to be done immediately, and the owner said to not let people making personal calls interfere. She asked if I was going to narc on her. I assured her I would not, and was paying no attention to her call, so not to be worried. It was the truth, as I was just looking at her ass in those jeans. Having her in the office made me look forward to coming in each day.

So, now that you know the history of my desire, I wanted to share my office Christmas dinner. About thirty coworkers and spouses met at a local restaurant. I was the first one there, followed soon by the owner and his wife. He bought me a shot of tequila, and we toasted the New Year. Nice way to start the evening. After about 20 minutes everyone was accounted for. The woman in my fantasies arrived last, and as we are one half of the single people in the company, there was one empty seat left. It was across the table from me. Once everything settled down a little, she and I chatted about many things. Movies were the main focus. We shared the odd movies that we loved, new movies that were good etc. A round of tequila was brought out for everyone.

She looked at hers, and told me that she really could not do tequila. I told her it was a party, go ahead. We raised our shots, toasted with everyone around us, and drank them down. This was repeated a couple of times through the night. Our talk became a little more intimate, but nothing sexual. We talked about past relationships, where we had lived etc. I mentioned where I had moved from before moving here. She said she used to live there as well. She had worked for the company about six months longer than me. We talked about the tiny grocery store that we shopped at, and a memory came back to me.

Maybe the memory was distorted, but I swear that I had seen her in there shopping before. There would have been a few months that we both would have lived in the same little town just outside the university.s city. There was something else special about this as well. From what I recalled, I saw her first by the meat counter. I saw a woman from behind dressed very elegantly in a dress and silk blouse. When she turned around, the first thing I noticed was that her nipples were very erect, and visible through her blouse. As she walked, her boobs bounced enticingly. With her boobs bouncing under that fabric, it is not wonder her nipples her so hard. I found a reason to pass by her several times while we shopped. Each time, I figured that I was seeing things, but there they were. Her nipples were smaller, like I enjoy. When I had about everything I needed, I passed her and made sure to not look below the neck. She looked at me, and I said hello as I passed her. I was standing at the checkout when she walked up behind me. I turned and saw it was her. The first thing I looked at was her nipples. I lingered there longer than I wanted to, and then looked up at her. She actually blushed, and smiled. I went home figuring to never see her again.

With a few shots in each of us, I decided to seek confirmation. I asked her about this event. She denied it. I pushed a little more. I gave details of the clothes, hair, anything I could remember. I did not tell her what the nipples were like, just the exterior details. As soon as she blushed I knew it was her. I asked her why she did that, going out being so visible, impressing the point that I did not mind at all. She said that her husband at the time challenged her to do it, and come back and tell him about the reactions people had. She had finally relented, and did it in the middle of the day during the week, figuring that no one would be around. She was bright red, and covered her face with her hand, and turned away slightly. She could not believe that she did not remember that I was the guy that gawked at her throughout the store.

I told her it was a hell of a show, and was glad I got to see it. She said she had to step away to visit the restroom. I figured that she would disappear from me for the rest of the party. She did come back and sat down. She looked a little more composed. We talked about other things, but I could not help myself, I brought the subject back. She finally admitted that it turned her on to show off once in awhile. I started bringing other things up, like the swaying ass, and the other clothes. She admitted that she did not realize that she was doing it, and apologized. I assured her that there was no apology needed. She was starting to blush again. Feeling bolder, I asked if she wore a thong under that dress, and she said no. I told her how it looked to me, and grinned, and hid her face. I could see the blush spread to her neck. She looked back up, and only confirmed that there was no thong under it.

I did not realize that we were staring at each other until more shots were brought around. We both pushed ours away. I knew what I was thinking, and could only hope she was on the same wavelength. I did not want to use alcohol as an excuse for what might happen. We both had loosened up, but were by no means drunk. I got up, and walked out of the back room into the regular dining area. I was looking at her as I went, and she was looking at me. After a moment, she got up and come in after me. Others had been coming to the bar for drinks, so it was not unusual for us to be there. When she got to the bar, I told her that I wanted to kiss her. She asked if I wanted to right there. I told her I did, but I was just stating my desire. She tugged my shirt and I followed her to an out of the way area. Once there, she looked at me. I saw a desire there, but at the same time, there was an innocence that is only found in a first kiss. I eased in, not wanting to attack her, and we kissed with open mouths. It lasted a few seconds, and we pulled away.

We went back to the party, and took our seats. We found ourselves looking at each other often. With the noise, it was easy to speak intimately. We tried to talk about normal things, the weather, local happenings. For some reason, I could not bring myself to ask her to come home with me. We were still trying to talk, and the laughter around the room got louder and louder until we were leaning over the table talking into each others ear. Nothing unusual, as anyone trying to talk with someone was doing it as well. At one point, she said something across the table, but I did not hear it, I leaned in, and she asked me if I would take her home. I told her I would excuse myself from the party, and I would wait for her outside.

She came out, and I was waiting by her car. She walked to me, and I took her hands in mine, and leaned in to kiss her again. We faced each other for a few moments, with me holding her hands, just looking at each other. It was isolated where we parked. She told me that she was not sure what she wanted from this, but she was lonely, and decided she did not want to be alone. She admitted that it had been a long time, not since she divorced and moved here.

Somehow, I confidently told her that I would not push her into anything, but would love to take her home. She kissed me quickly, and said to follow her. After a few minutes driving, she pulled into a driveway, and I parked in the street. I followed her inside her home, and noticed there was no one there. She said that her son was with her parents for the night. She took my coat, and laid it on a chair. She did not immediately turn around, and I wondered if she was having second thoughts.

I walked up behind her, and put my arms around her, and nuzzled into her neck. She sighed, and put her arms up behind her to run her fingers through my hair. I rubbed my hands up, and cupped her breasts through her sweater. She brought a hand down to cover mine as I lifted them slightly, and caressed. She turned her head, and we kissed deeply, her tongue sliding against mine. I moved my hands under her sweater, and lifted her bra up over her breasts. Her nipples felt just as hard as they looked in the store. I squeezed her nipples lightly, putting more pressure each time. She moaned into my mouth, and started kissing me more frantically. I broke the kiss long enough to remove her sweater and bra, and we resumed kissing in the same position. She seemed to really enjoy it.

Her hand soon moved down between us to massage me through my jeans. I had been hard since I first got in the car, and I welcomed the touch. I whispered to her that she controlled the situation, and I moved my hands down to undo her jeans. Rather than sliding my hand inside right away, I kissed her down her back, and kneeled behind her. I then started to slide her jeans down her legs. I was hoping that she was not wearing panties, but when I saw them, she looked so sexy in them. I kissed her cheeks through the material as I helped her stop out of her jeans. I rubbed my hands up her legs, to her thighs. I caressed her calves, and tickled the back of her knees, finally bringing my hands up to rub her butt through her panties. I slid the band down a little, and kissed where it was been resting. I moved her panties down lower, and continued to kiss her skin as it was exposed.

I could feel her quiver as I did this. Soon, her butt was exposed, but her panties still covered her front. I put my fingers in the sides, and started to pull them down entirely. She spread her legs a little to allow me. Once they were at her ankles, and she stepped out of them, I stood back up. I kissed her neck and shoulders. I nibbled her earlobe. My hands came up to her shoulders, and I rubbed them, working my way down her arms. She tried to turn around, but I held her in place, and I started kissing back down. Once I was kneeling again, I pressed her back to lean over. Once she did, I nibbled her cheeks. I ran a hand up her inner thigh, and brushed over her pussy causing her to groan. I pulled her cheeks apart to give me a little more room, and I ran my tongue light over her lips from behind. She whimpered .Oh God!. and her legs began to tremble.

I licked her again, and she said .oh oh, more! I love this, it has been so long!. She was very wet, and I was enjoying giving her what she wanted. I began to relentlessly savage her with my tongue. While she trembled, I pressed my thumb against her ass, but did not push it in. I continued licking her, and then stopped to insert a finger inside of her. The moved it in and out of her, and then added another finger. I wanted this to be memorable for her. I slid my fingers all the way in, and found what I was looking for. I started alternately moving my fingers over her g spot. I knew I had found it by the way she cried out and pushed her ass against me. I kissed and licked the cheeks of her ass while my thumb pressed against her asshole, and my fingers rubbed her pussy.

She let out a long moan, and collapsed on the chair. I slowed down, but continued to work my fingers inside of her. She started moving her ass in circles, and would occasionally thrust backwards with a grunt. After a few more minutes, she breathless said she had to stop. She unsteadily stood up, and pulled me up with her. She looked at me, and kissed me deeply. It turned me on knowing she could taste herself. She hugged me, and kept saying thank you. She started kissing me again, and was rubbing my crotch. She took control this time.

She unzipped my jeans, and pulled out my dick. She stroked it while kissing me. She then led me to her bedroom while still holding me in her hand. She turned away from the bed, and pushed me down. She pulled me shoes and socks off quickly, and then slid my pants off my legs. She went into the restroom, and I took off my shirt, but remained on the bed. She came out a moment later, and stood at my feet. She got on the bed, and crawled silently up my body. Once she was positioned over my cock, she pressed it against her pussy. She looked at me, and asked, .Before I fuck you, do I have any reason not to trust that you are safe?. I told her that I was clean, and she nodded. I nearly came when she started sliding me inside of her, staring at me the whole time. Once she was all the way down, she lifted her chin up and sighed that this was her favorite part, the going in.

She started to slowing raise herself off of me, and sink back down. She started moving her ass in those circles again. I reached up, and cupped her breasts. She covered my hands again, and kept moving. She moved my hands to her hips, and told me to watch her. She started playing with her nipples. She was pinching them, and rolling them in her fingers. I have a voyeuristic side, so I was really getting off on this. She took her right hand and slid it down her body and started to rub her clit. She soon went off with another orgasm. I took her right hand, and licked her fingers. She moaned that I was dirty, and then, almost painfully, she squeezed my nipples. That was new to me, and I admit that I liked it.

She leaned over and we kissed again for awhile. It was comfortable. I was still hard, and inside of her while we kissed. I started moving my hips up and down, and she started gyrating on top of me. Soon, I was furiously fucking her while she was kissing me. She took my bottom lip between her teeth and tugged at it gently. I saw her eyes roll up into her head and she let out a breathless scream. She tried to sit up, and started tapping the palm of her hand on my chest. I asked is she needed me to stop, and she nodded. I felt a warm wetness creeping down my balls. I started to slow down, and asked if she was sure, and started to speed up again. She clenched her fists, and made no motions. I continued to fuck her at a rapid pace. I felt more warmth flooding over me, and she tapped my chest again. I could not believe she was unable to speak. As I slowed down, I asked her again if she was sure. She nodded, and I gradually came to a stop.

She began kissing me furiously. She wrapped me in a hug, and held me there. I started moving ever so slightly, and she gasped, saying that she could not take any more yet. I have never had a woman go off like this before. After a few minutes, she looked at me, and said she could not believe that I had not cum yet. I told her that I wanted to make sure she got everything she wanted. She kissed me again, but slid off of me. She lay beside me, and stroked my cock. Soon after, she was dozing. I was not upset. I slid out away from her, and went to the restroom. After I was done, I came back. She was lying on her stomach, sound asleep. I decided to try something different.

I was able to move one of her legs to the side, exposing everything to me. Using my hands, I spread her cheeks, and licked over her ass. The fragrance of her soap still lingered. I ran the tip around the outside, and pressed it against her opening. She started moaning softly. I continued to do this until I knew she was awake, and slid a hand under her to rub herself. I felt her want to roll over, and she said that she wanted me to watch her. I stopped what I was doing, and she rolled onto her back, and spread her legs wide. She was rubbing a finger over her clit, and moving down to her opening, then back up. I was still hard, and started to stroke my cock while I watched.

She sat up, and pushed me flat onto the bed. She straddled my face, and I thought she wanted me to lick her again. Instead, she started fingering herself. She had my arms so that I could not reach my cock to stroke it. She worked herself up, and I could hear the sounds from the wetness in her pussy. I could see her contractions when she brought herself to another orgasm. As soon as she was done, she took my cock into her mouth, and went crazy. She was taking me all the way down, and her tongue was moving all over. It was not long before I could feel my insides tighten up. I tried to tell her I was cumming, but all I could do not grunt and groan. I started shooting, and she continued, never letting up. I was thrusting erratically. She hung on, and when I stopped cumming in her mouth, she slowed down, and stopped sucking. That was a wonderful build up, and well worth the wait. I was not babbling .Oh God, oh God that was great!.

She lowered her hips and rubbed her pussy over my mouth before moving off of me. She lay beside me with my arm under her, and she snuggled up to me. We kissed, and I did not care that she just took my load in her mouth. She whispered to me, .Thank you for a wonderful evening. It was worth the wait.. I told her that I was thinking much the same. It was not long before I fell asleep with her lying with me.
