 We spent the rest of the evening sitting naked on the couch, watching movies. We would occasionally stroke, or caress each other, but we made it through without any interruptions. After the last movie, we sat there in the glow of the TV. She was laying against the arm, stretched out with her legs over mine. I slid my hand up, and parted her legs slightly, and lightly ran a finger over her pussy. I would start at her clit, and ran down, and tickle her entrance. After a couple of times, I slid my finger inside of her. She sighed, laid her head back, and closed her eyes. I slowly moved my finger inside of her, making sure to touch every part that I could.

In a few minutes, she was very wet, so I positioned my body between her legs, and slowly slid inside of her. She dug her nails into my back, and wrapped her legs around me. Once I was all the way inside, I held myself there, and started moving my hips around. It was not long before she was pulling me in tighter, nails biting into my skin. I started to slowly piston in and out of her, while still rolling my hips. She was furiously clawing at me, surely leaving marks. Her mouth was at my neck, nipping at me, and I could feel her gasps.

I could already feel the orgasmic sensations building inside of me. I did not want to leave her wanting more before I was finished. In a couple of moments, I did not have to be concerned. She arched her back up, eyes screwed shut, pulling me tight to her. I began to feel that now familiar warmth begin to spread out from where we were joined. I continued to move, and her mouth was opened, and nothing at all was coming out. 

She began panting, unable to form words. I said I was about to cum, and she grunted, and used her hands to pull me deeper into her. I thrust into her and felt myself ejaculating. She screamed "YES!" and her nails dug deeper. I could feel her pussy clutching around my cock as she continued her orgasm. I became super sensitive, but I kept moving as best I could. I asked her if she wanted me to go faster. She shook her head, so I kept moving at the same speed. I had gone slightly limp, but found myself getting hard again. I reached my hand under her butt, and lifted her up slightly so that I could get an upwards angle inside. Here eyes flew open the minute I put more pressure on her g spot. I started using slow, quick strokes.

She pulled my mouth to hers, and we kissed frantically while I continued to assault her. She began to spasm in what seemed like every muscle in her body. She began to make strange "ack ack" noises, then it happened. She screamed as her body clamped down on me. I continued to grunt, and moan loudly, but I was unrelenting. I never stopped moving inside of her until she began shaking her head wildly. I asked if she needed me to stop. She begged me to stop, so I did just that. I had slid as deeply inside of her as I could, and rested there. I lifted up, and just looked down at her. She was panting rapidly, and had a hand on her chest. I could still feel her pussy occasionally spasm around me, but I held as still as I could. I felt wonderful to be inside of her. 

After a few minutes, she leaned up to kiss me, and I began to lean down. This caused me to stir inside of her, and she held her breath. I grinned at her, and told her that I could keep going if she wanted. She shook her head, and said she was completely sexed out. I said that I would slide out, and as agonizingly slow as I could, backed out of her. As I did, she was tapping her hand on my chest. I wanted to tease her by rubbing my cock over her clit, but decided to be sure to avoid that contact. 

She turned on her side, and I did the same. Was faced each other, and I ran a hand through her hair, and over her cheek. We kissed for a little while, and then dozed off. I slept lightly for a little bit, then woke up. It was erotic feeling her breasts pressed against me, and I could feel her nipples were still hard. I slid off the couch, and she never stirred, so I reached down, and picked her up to carry her to the bedroom. Even in the darkness, I could see we made a mighty mess of the couch. 

With her in my arms, I walked towards her room. She stirred some, put her arm around my neck, and nuzzled her face into my chest. I realized that I could be becoming rather infatuated with her beyond the physical relationship. She was absolutely adorable in my arms. I kissed her on top of her head before I laid her in the bed. She was slightly awake now, and lifted herself up so I could pull the sheet down. I covered her up, and walked to the other side, and crawled in beside her. She turned on her side, and I spooned with her. I felt guilty that my hard on was pressed between the cheeks of her butt. She did not seem to mind and she wiggled back against me, and placed my arm around her, hand on her breast. Then I was out.

I woke up, and it was light out. It seemed like I was in the exact position when I went to bed, except that she was not there. I heard the shower running, and decided to let her be, for now. I rolled on my back, kicked the covers off of me, and pretended to sleep when she turned off the water. She walked into the bedroom, and gazed at me for a minute, then left the room. She came back with a couple cups, and sat one on the night stand. She held the other one, sat in a chair near the bed. She pulled her legs up, and sipped at her coffee. I continued to look at her with narrowly opened eyes, and saw that she looked at my cock mostly. The way that she was sitting, I could see right between her legs. I saw her lips, traces of her pubic hair. I began to get hard. She saw this and giggled. 

She looked back up at my face, and I was now looking at her wide awake. She was still smiling, and I feigned resentment saying that it might not be much, but please do not laugh at it. She laughed from her belly at my joke, and crawled from the chair to the bed. She put her head on my chest, and said she could never laugh at it after what it did to her. It was time that I got up, and cleaned myself. I told her I would shower, and brush my teeth, and greet her properly for the morning. Into the bathroom I went, and took care of all the business that I needed to. I came back into the bedroom, and there she was lying on the bed, gently rubbing her fingers over the lips of her pussy. 

Raising my eyebrows, I asked her if that was my breakfast. She pressed a finger inside of herself, pulled it out, and said breakfast awaited in the dining room. She got out of bed, and as she walked past me, I took her finger, and brought it to my lips. Then I pulled her to me, and gave her a deep kiss as I promised. We broke the kiss, and I smiled at her, and said good morning. She purred and said it back. I took her hand and we went into the dining room, and ate breakfast as we ate our dinner the night before.