 All Characters Are 18+

You might want to read the other parts of this story before reading this one. This is not just a fap story. It has a lot of story and character development, as well as hot sex.

***

I got to work and punched in; I was only two minutes late. Two minutes would never be held against me. I picked up a set of keys for all the display cases in the office and walked out onto the sales floor at 7:10 AM. This was one of the very few days that I didn't open by myself. My friend Bailey had already started the high-end merchandise inventory. When she saw me, she smiled, and came up and hugged me.

"I was beginning to think that you weren't coming in today," Bailey said, as she squeezed me harder. She was a short, petite girl in her mid-twenties, with spiky, dark brown hair. You might think that she was just my type, and you would be right; but I am not her type at all, since I'm a guy. Her and I are best buds and have long conversations about our lives. Honestly, she probably knows me better than anyone else; including my wife, Sarah.

"Things have been crazy over the last few days, Bailey. I would have texted you if I weren't coming into work, though." Bailey stepped back a few steps and looked me over very carefully.

"So, what's going on with you? I'm getting a weird vibe." Her lips curved into a wolfish grin. "You have a hickey on your chest." Oh shit. I looked down to where the neck of my polo shirt was unbuttoned, and sure enough I had a reddish-purple mark where Hope had bitten me. I quickly buttoned up the bottom two buttons, which effectively hid her bite mark. I had probably forgot to button my shirt this morning in my haste to leave the house. Not only was I running late; but I had known that the longer that I stayed near Hope, the higher the chances of me calling into work to spend the day with her. I needed to have a little time to clear my head before confronting Sarah, because I didn't want our split to be about Hope; but for it to be about the horrible state of our marriage.

"Yeah, that happened." My tone was a little glib.

"Is that from Sarah?" I sighed and shook my head. Her eyes grew wide at my confession. "I can't believe that you finally fucked Autumn. I thought you weren't going there."

"I didn't. Why don't we have lunch together and talk?" She smiled.

"Alright. How about noon?" I nodded, and went over to finish stocking a few boxes of movies that the night shift didn't finish. The problem with talking while working is that management wants us to be separated. Unless you needed help lifting something, you had to be apart. I would have to wait until lunch to talk. I was glad that I had started doing something else, because two minutes later Mitch "The Bitch" walked by and tried to stare me down. Work went by quickly, and Bailey and I went to her truck for lunch.

"What is going on with you, Robert? I have seen tons of women throw themselves at you, and you have never even put your arms out to catch one of them. Now you have a hickey." She looked briefly over at me.

"Do you happen to remember the tiny blonde girl that was in here looking for a laptop?" She looked up, as if the head liner in her car had the answer.

"Did she have on tight green shorts?" I nodded. "Her? Seriously? Did you check her ID? She looked really young."

"She is nineteen, is a sophomore in college, and has her own apartment. I've spent the night with her twice in the last several days. I thought that all the marks that she left on me were out of sight." Bailey shook her head like she was trying to clear it.

"So, what about Sarah? I know that things have been shitty between you two, but I didn't expect you to be cheating on her. Damn." I could feel my face flush. I was a cheater. There was no way around that fact. She drove us out of the parking lot and headed to McDonald's drive thru.

"I have no excuse for cheating. It just kind of happened." She snickered.

"Let me guess, you were walking naked with a hard-on, and you tripped and fell, and happened to slam into her snatch?" She leered sideways at me as she drove. It was a distinctly womanly look. "Things like that are no accident." She had a good point.

"I went over to her apartment to fix her laptop and things just got out of control. That's no excuse. I really do like her, Bailey. Plus, there is a big thing with Sarah." She snorted.

"You mean that thing where she cuts off your wiener for giving her the clap, because you have been having unsafe sex with a teenager? You did wrap it up, right?" She turned her head sideways, but I didn't answer. She just shook her head at my stupidity.

"Sarah has been snorting Oxy." I tried to keep my outrage at this from entering my voice. 

"Pills. That's a very classy lady that you married, and now you have also collected a teenager who willingly sleeps with you even though she knows that you are married. That should be a huge red flag, Robert." We paused our conversation as we ordered food and started back to the parking lot at work. We had an entire hour to kill. I was glad of the break because Bailey went easy on me while she was eating.

"I really, really, like her." Her eyes looked into mine, and narrowed; apparently, she did not like what she saw there.

"Oh-my-fucking-god! You are in love with her, aren't you?" I just looked away. "Look," Bailey said in a conciliatory tone, "I have known for a long time that you and Sarah would eventually get a divorce, and I think that you have known the same thing. Don't complicate things with a rebound relationship with a girl that is practically a child."

"But I... I love her, Bailey." She sighed loudly. "I know that the odds aren't in our favor; but she is special, and I have to give it a try." Bailey sighed again.

"I understand that you believe that you feel this way; but have you considered that the factors of her being gorgeous, nineteen, and willing to have sex with you might be clouding your judgement? I feel that you are thinking with your little head." I knew in my head that what she said made sense, but what my heart told me was something totally different. Bailey let out another huge audible sigh.

"Okay. You gave me good advice when I was crazy-in-love with Julie, and I didn't listen, and I got my heart broken. You were there to help pick up the pieces after she broke my heart; just like you said she would. I can do the same for you." I smiled. She might not approve of my relationship with Hope, but she would stand behind me. That's what good friends do. "What about Sarah?"

"She and I are done, as of tonight." Bailey's eyes lit up. 

"Wow... Just like that?" She thought a moment. "Do you want to come and stay with me and Keri until you find a place? I've made the offer before, but there is always the option of moving in with us. Bills would be a lot easier to manage with three people, than with only us two." I smiled at her. I loved Bailey very much, in my own way.

"No, but thank you for the offer. I'm going to stay with Hope for a while." She just shook her head.

"Moving in will be the kiss of death for your relationship. Think about it, you've only stayed the night a couple of times. I'm sure that they were really fun sleepovers but living together is hard on a relationship; especially a new relationship." She studied me for a minute while I chewed on a particularly greasy burger. "You are going to move in with her no matter what I say, aren't you?" I nodded. 

She pushed her arm rest up and scooted over on the bench seat until she was right up against me. I put my arm around her, and we just cuddled there, while we both finished munching on the last of my fries. There was nothing sexual in the act, it was just comforting. She and I had an odd dynamic. It is hard to define. On several occasions, Bailey decided to change clothes and stripped buck naked right in front of me, all while we were having a conversation. I didn't think it was weird at all, because although I saw her, it was kind of like being in the locker room when I was on the basketball team. Sure, guys stripped naked, but I had no interest in looking. The only odd thing between us is the cuddling. I was very much a touch person, and I got almost zero touching from Sarah. Bailey had fulfilled my need for touch. We cuddled, and it just made both of us feel better. I wondered if she would be jealous of Hope because I might not need as much cuddle time. 

We walked back into work when we had five minutes left on lunch. The rest of the workday went smoothly; although, I noticed Bailey watching me several times when she thought I wasn't paying attention. I guess that she was just worried about me. I was headed out to my car when I got a text from Hope.

Hope: I know that you said that today is confrontation day with Sarah, but I wouldn't hold it against you if you wanted to wait and think about it. I also hope that I didn't freak you out by telling you that I love you. There is no better way to scare off a man than saying those three little words.

Me: Hey Hope. You didn't scare me off. Those three little words made my day. Sorry that my texts have been sparse today. Work was crazy, and I have been mentally preparing for later. I don't need to wait and think about it. My heart is telling me that this is the right thing to do. I am about to head home for the last time. I will see you tonight.

Hope: I can't wait <3

I drove the Jeep home, and I honestly don't remember most of the trip. I guess that my brain had been in autopilot mode. I opened my side of the garage and pulled in. Sarah wasn't home early, which was good. I knew that her shift didn't end until six, so I had a couple of hours to pack up my stuff.

I loaded a suitcase with my best clothes and took the hanging bag for my suits and my tuxedo. I didn't want to hog all of our luggage, so the only other item that I packed stuff in was my over-sized duffle bag. I threw all my toiletries into a garbage bag, and my remaining clothes and shoes into a couple more. I hauled it all out and loaded it into the Jeep. I packed up my laptop and desktop, my computer tools, and all the gaming systems that I was currently working on. I didn't know exactly how she was going to take what I had to say, and I had thousands of dollars invested into the components for those computers. I sent her a text about ten minutes before the end of her shift.

Me: I need to see you tonight, could you please come home after work?

Sarah: Why are you being so weird? Is something wrong? If you are looking for sex, I have had a headache all day. I already planned on coming home right after work. I will bring home something for dinner, so don't bother cooking anything.

Me: See you then.

I saw Sarah's garage door open, and she got out of her car carrying a pizza box. I took a couple of deep breaths, sat down on the couch, and tried to relax. She had to know that this day would come, even if that knowledge was buried back in her subconscious.

She came through the door and sat the pizza box down on the counter. She was still wearing her scrubs and comfy shoes. Her fiery red mane was pulled up into a simple bun on top of her head. Her face had a strange expression on it. It was the look of a horse scenting something unpleasant, or dangerous on the wind.

"We need to talk." I spoke just those four words. Her eyes became downcast, like she was a child that was guilty of something and might now have to face the consequences. She exhaled loudly, nodded, and sat down in the chair across from me. "Us... We... This just isn't working out for me, Sarah." She immediately teared up and let out a muffled sob. "I don't think this is working out for you either. Am I wrong?" She shook her head in the negative.

"Why now?" she asked. 

"A couple of reasons." I debated on which way to go with this. I decided to try and keep it as painless as possible for her. "I just feel that the longer that I wait to do this, the more of your time, and mine will be wasted. I want to do this nicely, Sarah. You and I both know that things haven't been right for a while." She nodded, then sobbed again. She was becoming a crying mess, but if I tried to comfort her it would just confuse the situation. I wanted it to be like taking off a band-aid; pull it off quick, hurt for a second, and then the pain is gone.

"I've packed my clothes, and I am going to stay with Bailey and her girlfriend for a bit until I can get a place of my own." It was a lie, and I felt shitty about telling it; but I knew that she didn't like either one of them, so I doubted that she would go to their house looking for me. "If I accidentally packed anything of yours, please let me know. We can figure the rest of our stuff out later. I don't really want the household stuff, or the furniture. You need it, and I can make do." She nodded again.

"Do you think that there is anything we can do to fix our situation?" She asked the question, but I could see on her face that she already knew the answer.

"No, I don't think so. I hate to say it, but sometimes people just have to cut their losses. I don't want to hurt you any more than I have to." She was openly weeping, like a little kid that skinned their knee. She wiped her eyes and nose on a tissue.

"You said that there were two reasons." I had almost decided to chicken out and not bring up the drugs; but I had loved this woman at one time, and I thought that I had to reach out a lifeline if she had an addiction problem.

"The pills. I found them. If you need help..." She cut me off.

"I don't need your fucking help, Robert. Don't you understand?" She went from sad to defensive in less than one second. "You are the reason that I started taking them. I needed to numb the pain of being married to a man that will never amount to anything." That hurt me a lot, and I could see the spitefulness in her eyes. I held my hands up in surrender and stood up from the couch.

"No!" she said vehemently. "You are going to listen to what I have to say. I married you, against my mother's wishes, because you had me charmed; with you smile, and your sweet talk bullshit. Mother was right, I didn't know what I was getting into. You were a loser felon with a huge judgement to pay off. I'm glad that I took my mother's advice and let you pay that off yourself instead of helping. You work your shitty job, and work your shitty extra hustle, but what are you in the end? You are nothing but a shitty loser, and I wasted five years of my life with you that I'll never get back." 

I held up my hands in surrender again and walked towards the door. I knew that she was bitter, and that it may, or may not go away; either way, it was her problem now. I really wanted to say, 'at least I'm not a druggie,' but that would only escalate things. I walked out, pushed the button on the garage door to open it, got in the Jeep, and drove off towards Bloomington, and my new life. 

I drove to Hope's apartment and she buzzed me in. She was leaning over the rail at the top of the stairs, waiting for me. She was wearing a yellow camisole and a very skimpy yellow thong. Her smile was huge on her face, and tears were streaming down her cheeks.

"Rob!" she exclaimed, and she ran down the stairs and jumped into my arms. She squealed a little when I tightened my hug. "You actually came. I was so worried..." I cut her off with a kiss. A door opened up on the apartment below Hope's, and a curious woman peeked out at us, and smiled. She shook her head, and closed the door.

"I told you that I would be here tonight, beautiful." She had her legs wrapped around my back, and her ankles crossed.

"How did it go?" Her cheek was pressed against mine, and I felt the wetness from her tears run through the stubble on my face.

"Good. I'll fill you in when after I bring my stuff up. Is that cool?" I felt her bare butt cheeks with the palms of my hands. Hope's neighbor must have got an eyeful of yellow thong and teenage ass. I chuckled to myself. I thought that Hope probably had a little bit of an exhibitionist streak. I lowered her to the carpeted hallway, and I watched her ass as she walked back upstairs. It took me about fifteen minutes to haul all my stuff up to the second-floor apartment.

"I have a present for you." Hope still had the huge grin. She handed me a small black ring box wrapped with a red ribbon. I untied the ribbon, and opened the box. It was a shiny brass key. "That is the key to our apartment." Our apartment. That sounded really nice. I folded her tiny body in an embrace. 

"Thank you, Hope. This means so much to me." She inhaled my scent.

"I love you, Rob. You make me very happy."

"I love you too, Hope." I heard her gasp, then she pushed out of my embrace so that she could look me in the eyes. "My best friend, Bailey, thinks that you are going to break my heart, but I can't help how I feel. I just never believed that it could happen so quickly." She jumped up and down with excitement. It was so adorable. 

I scooped her up in my arms, and carried her into the bedroom. I ripped off her thong with my left hand, and threw her down on her back. She started to lift her shirt, but I grabbed both of her wrists and pinned them above her head with my left hand. Our height difference made this a perfect position. I leaned my weight on her pinned down wrists, and undid by pants enough to get them down to my knees. I wiggled a bit, and my pants and boxers were kicked off onto the floor. I remembered that she wanted me to talk dirty to her.

"Listen, slut. You just open your legs, and shut the fuck up." I grabbed her camisole right between her tits and ripped it enough so it left her breasts uncovered. I leaned down, and took her right nipple in my mouth. It was hard enough to etch glass.

"No! Help!" I noticed that she said this rather quietly; otherwise, we probably would have had a neighbor call the police. I slapped one of her tits, but with no real force. It was just a small method of control. She must have enjoyed it, because she moaned loudly, and began wriggling her hips, trying to line my cock up with her fuck hole. I slid my cock up and down her lips a few times to lubricate myself. She was sopping wet. I pushed forward, and I entered her in one slow stroke. Her breath hissed between her lips as I stretched her pussy out. I started slow and gentle. I knew that slow and gentle was not what she wanted, because she was rolling and thrusting her hips in an effort to make me fuck her harder. I knew that she wanted me to take control, and part of being in control was doing things the way that I wanted.

I balanced my weight on the hand holding her wrists again, and I wrapped my right hand around her throat like I was about to choke her. She came immediately. She wrapped her legs around my back, and thrashed wildly. I was kind of glad that I had her hands trapped, because she might have hit me otherwise. She didn't squirt, but it was a very powerful, and long climax.

Her eyes had lost their focus in her post-orgasmic bliss, so I gave her another powerless slap to her right breast to focus her attention once again. I pushed her thighs apart, and rolled over onto my back, pulling her with me. The full length of my cock was still buried deep inside of her. She never even hesitated a second, she just started riding me like a jockey at the Kentucky Derby. 

Cowgirl sex has felt different with every single woman that I've been with. Hope didn't have the finesse and experience that the porn star in Vegas had; but whatever she lacked in technique, she made up for with enthusiasm. She actually bounced the entire length of my shaft with each stroke. Her little cunt gripped me like a frenzied fist. I slapped her left ass cheek as hard as I could. I didn't realize that this was a mistake until her next stroke didn't align properly and she slammed her girl taint down onto my steely member. I let out a hmmmph of surprise, and I lost a couple of seconds to blinding pain.
