 I vaguely remember the throws of lusty sex. An intertwining and collision of skin, forces pushing, pulling and rolling. The images of it floated to and from me like misty clouds passing by one another; ethereal, fleeting. Some combination of sleep and booze rendered it all surreal. A dream to be sure but far more satisfying. 

It was... in fact... more. 

Something pulled me up from my slumber. My awareness drifted toward consciousness. I felt the smooth friction of hands exploring my intimate parts. I was hard, rock hard in reply. My eyelids fought off the sleep and lifted to see her kneeling in front of me. Her hands glazed with oil, her fingers stroking at my shaft, her eyes studying all of her efforts, proud of her progress. She was butt ass naked top to bottom outside of tight pearl choker elegantly cropping her neck . Her hair was a disheveled version of its former self; her sophisticated up doo now a tattered memory from our tumble together earlier in the night, before I fallen back into the armchair and left her motionless on the bed. I had fucked her, and she me. Then we had each all but passed out. Or at least I did for sure. For how long, I don't know. I can only imagine she did the same for a bit until her urges coaxed her up and out of it and she gave in. I apparently had slept thru her search for some baby oil and its application to me and her both. It's my favorite kind of surprise.

She noticed my eyes. She smiled and leaned back some to let the light from the streetlamps outside the windows cascade down her bare chest. Her hands pulled back to her breasts, and retraced the oiled evidence of the last time she played with them. She squeezed. Then pinched. Bit her lip and leaned in to bite mine, just once and pulled partially back. Her oiled breasts landed at my oiled crouch. It was her planned all along. Her hands fell to my legs to lift her slightly up and down. She graced ever so slowly and slightly using only her chest against me. She was not by any means large. But a firm handful, and perfect for a slow fuck like this. I am quite sure she knew it as she ran me up and down on the smooth flesh.

Her little Asian mouth started to smirk at me as she did it.

"Oh, I am gonna fuck the shit out you." I blurted.

"uh uh. We did that earlier. It's my turn. And right now, I want your dick right here." She replied. Her hand pulled at it and circled the tip slowly around one of her tight little nipples. She was so sexy, A mix of Japanese and American blood. It gave her height and long length to compliment her tight Asian build and features. "I love the feel of your dick on me...(she paused)...in me." She resumed brushing her oiled self up and down against it. 

"I love it on you too... (I paused to match the cadence of her words)...and in you. I can't wait until you slide me into you. Slowly. Deeply.... And fuck me."

"Ohhh, I want to fuck you." She said as though something was keeping her from doing so.

"So get to it." I said with disdain as though I should have in include a "fucking" somewhere in the middle of the sentence and called her a bitch at the end of it.

Her eyes, pinched slightly in defiance to my tone. Then she stood and moved over me. Her long narrow legs straddling my torso. Her delicately groomed sexpot held just inches from my face. My dick pointing straight up at it, like it smelled something it liked. Her hands braced onto my shoulders. The loose portions of her long hair fell down around me. I reached up to rearrange the oil down from her breasts, across her torso, hips. Up and down her legs; back of her knees, ass, inner thigh. My fingers teased toward and past her cunt again and again. Each time different than the last. Her heavy breath rolled past my ear. Her hips swiveled in anticipation, hoping that this pass would be the last time my hands circled around her sweet spot and finally dove in. She was enjoying my hands for the time being and just stood there, her deepest cavity hanging in the air above my awaiting dick, preparing to slide herself down onto me like a glove. And fuck. 

I had other plans to execute first.

I slid down slightly, leaned in and forward. The transition was awkward at first like sex so often is. In my position underneath her I had limited ability to move. I contorted to get my mouth to her cunt. She was more than happy to have me there, preparing to eat at her loins. She shifted her hips and lifted one leg to help. When my mouth finally met the folds of her lips, I found them swollen with anticipation, wet with a combination of her and the baby oil. We melted into each other once we were into working position. My tongue dug in. I proceeded to eat her out with a view looking straight up her long stomach and modest breasts as she stood above me. Her mouth pursed and blew out a long breath like whistling, but without the whistle. Her hands pulled up to her own breasts, kneaded and squeezed at them like they were being punished for being naughty. They were quite naughty. She was quite naughty. Her pelvis swiveled against me. My tongue, lips and mouth mixed with the folds of her pussy. This wasn't a "dip your tongue, flick the alphabet" type of tasting, but rather a pie eating contest. My whole face was participating. And all of her crotch was receiving it. It was the kind of cunnilingus where it all blends together in a whirling dervish. My arms wrapped around and hooked her upper thighs and held her firmly against my mouth so she couldn't get away. She wouldn't dare try. She was enthralled...mesmerized. Her hands never let up on her own breasts, squeezing, pinching. Her torso never stopped writhing along its length. My eyes looked up the length of all it, watching her chest heaving larger and larger with each passing second, her stomach sucking deep into her trying to hold back her pleasure. She started muttering something that I wouldn't make out till later, partly because of my fixed position with a leg to each side of my face, but mostly because I frankly didn't care. She began to drive her pussy down into me. She was all but fucking my face. I graciously accepted. 

My work was beautiful. Her orgasm among other things said as much. It followed after only a few minutes of her panting out soft, long moans. Her pelvis jumped back and forth as it hit her. She fell forward as her knees quivered. Her hands snapped off her breasts and forward to the back of the chair in order to catch her. She lifted her pussy away from me, to remove the stimulation from her now hyper sensitive clit. Her torso curled it backward and away from me.

She stood there in a weakened state for a moment, with her eyes clenched shut, her pelvis still swirling. Her long torso was paused there, curving in a way that floated her ass high into the air on top of her long slightly spread legs. In that moment, she was incapable of doing anything else but recover. What I wouldn't give to have been standing free at that point -- out from underneath her. I'd have sidled up behind her and surprised her with an oily dick easing into her ass. For as elegant and refined as she is, she is quite a dirty little minx. Good girls bend at the knees - She bent at the waist like a bad girl, exposing her ass to that possibility. It almost lingered in that position -- waiting. Another time perhaps, her ass would have to wait.

"Get. To. It." I said slowly, each word more punctuated more decisively than the last. My disdaining tone revisited us once again.

Her eyes snapped open and glared back down at me beneath her with a slight squint. The language of them and the rest of her parts roared, "Challenge accepted."

She turned quickly. Grabbed the baby oil and pulled something from her top drawer. 

"You won't last a minute." She blurted in a snide competitive manner.

"Bullshit. Is that what you thought last time, cause I am pretty sure I taught you a lesson."

She proceeded to drizzle the baby oil onto me in complete disregard for the chair and room around us. She just smirked.

"So you think, but I clearly didn't learn it. And this pussy has something to show you." I liked her mean and competitive. It was always a better fuck. The impulse to push her off of me, promptly bend her over, and lay into her, returned again if only for a brief moment before she continued.

She threw the bottle aside and lathered my dick and midsection all up. Fact of the matter, she was probably right. I love this oil, but it makes everything happen far quicker. And my cock was rock hard, ready to burst. It was all hers to work out.

She stood up. And unveiled a long beaded string. She oiled it with the excess from her hands. Then began to prepare her pelvis same as mine, lathering down between her legs. When her hands lifted up and did her tits once more, the beaded string was left dangling from her pussy, almost entirely inserted.

"one minute." She said to me again just to reiterate her previous assertion. Her fingers wrapped the base of my cock, and she moved herself towards it. She held the string of beads with one hand as she lowered herself onto me. Her body swallowing me slowly into the deepest parts of her. The normal resistance of my dick meeting and slowly spreading her, was instead a slick penetration. She gasped from the velocity of it as her weight landed and bounced on me.

"I love watching your dick go in." She said speaking in a more and more dainty feminine tone, for my sake I suppose. "I love the way it looks penetrating so deep." She dropped the end of the beads, now effectively positioned against the back wall of her pussy. It was less for her and more to roll against the sweet spot on the back side of my dick. 

Her hands braced against my shoulders and she really begin riding me. "I love the way your slutty little pussy takes it in." I returned. She promptly smacked my face firm enough to leave a mark, but never stopped ridding up and down. 

"Shut up and cum for me." Bouncing with slightly more and more vigor.

It was inevitable.

My hands latched to her slight hips and pulled her into me. Her tight pussy wrapped and squeezed the beads against me as she continued to bounce like I was a toy. I felt her squeeze the walls of her insides even more so. Everything slipped like the well oiled machine that it was.

"Cum for me, fucker." She spouted at me, the words defiling her lips as they rolled out.

"kiss my ass."

"Cum for me."

"fuck you."

"yes."

She leaned back so I could see her better. "Look at it." She said. My dick impaling into the depths of her cunt. Her hands traced up to the tits, found them and punished them. She ran a hand down from there brushing down her stomach and cupped it under her bottom where her legs spread. It was all a show for me and I loved it. I could not last much longer.

Her other hand left her breast and swung for my face again. Connecting with the other side. "Cum for me."

"Fuck you."

"Yes. Fuck me." She fell back forward and rode me even harder. Her face hovered close to mine. Our lips kissing and biting periodically. She started to whisper thru her pants. "I love your dick deep in me. I can't stop thinking about it all day long. I have to touch myself. I can't control it. I fuck my hand like its you. I think about that first time we met at the library. How we ending up fucking then. I just wanted your dick inside me. In my mouth, my cunt, my ass. I cum for you several times a day. I am your little whore. Now cum for me goddammit."

I pulled her down one last time and did just that.