 Like most men, I pretend to spend very little time on my looks and I tend to walk right by all the millions of cosmetics stalls in departments stores and malls. But, a few years ago a new shop at the Mall caught my eye. Well, actually it caught my nose, as the most delightful fragrances wafted out. I did my best to ignore it a few times, but finally, I was drawn in the by the perfume of lavender, lemon, rosemary, basil and a hundred other herbs, spices, fruits an flowers that had been used to make the most amazingly colorful array of soaps, shampoos, conditioners, bubble baths, moisturizers, you name it.

A number of other shoppers, almost all young women, were similarly drawn in and there we all stood, picking up honey soaps and almond-vanilla creams. I was drawn to a wall that advertised ‘For Him” products and was especially drawn to a shaving cream that claimed to tame that wild, manly beard. I am not sure I have a wild or manly anything, but the slogan worked and I bought a tub of the stuff. 

The stuff really did work. Having suffered shaving burns on my chin and neck for years, this cream really did result in a smoother shave with no flaming redness afterwards. I was sold, and have been a monthly customer for their shaving cream, and every now and then I buy some blissfully luxurious item like a magnolia – rosemary bubble bath (after a tough day at work), or a mint shampoo (for falling hair!) 

One day I reached for my supply of shaving cream when I heard a lively voice next to me.

‘How’s our favorite male customer doing? That shaving cream still working for you?” It was Jenny, the regular salesgirl on Saturday mornings. To refer to Jenny as a girl though was an insult; she was all woman. Her red hair was brushed away from her face, but tended to fly back in front of her gray-green eyes. I spent a lot of time looking into her eyes during our regular little pre-sale chats to keep myself from being drawn past her long neck to her most noticeable features, her generous, and very unattainable, breasts. Her sales uniform included a white, button-down shirt, but Jenny invariably left one button more than her colleagues undone to accommodate her boobs. This always left a titillating stretch of creamy cleavage for all to admire. She was by no means a slim woman, but thanks to the measurements of her bust and hips, she remained a perfectly proportioned woman.

“Oh great, thanks Jen,” I mumbled turning away from her to grab my cream. I knew that I could not keep my eyes above her neck long.

“Why don’t you try this one, we call it Morning Shave. It is for sensitive skin. Do you find that shaving in the morning burns?” 

“It used to, but this regular one works just great for me. I just used it this morning, and see, no burns or breakouts,” I said holding my face up for her as if I was a face model at a photo shoot. 

“It smells great on you,” she said bringing her face close to my shoulder. 

Jenny surprised me by running her cool hand down the surface of my cheek. She was close enough to brush one firm breast against my arm. I started counting her delightful freckles on her cheeks and nose to keep from dropping my gaze.

“You do have great skin, you know?” she said, blushing slightly, “most women would die for that complexion.” She left her hand on my cheek for a brief second. 

“They’d hate to have to shave every morning, though,” I quipped hoping to brush off the unexpected, and very original, compliment. Most women mentioned my sense of humor or my mind, a few noticed my eyes; none had ever said anything about my skin.

“You need anything else?” she asked quickly, breaking the awkward silence after my failed attempt to lighten things. “Here, you have to try this new shampoo. It has spirula, a seaweed, they use in Japan for hair conditioners. Or, how about a massage bar. These things are great …you’ve got to try one. Here this one is called Cocoa Delight,” she placed a warm, creamy soap-like bar in my hand, “it actually is made of chocolate and milk blended with cocoa butter. Don’t you just love the rich smell of chocolate? This one is perfect for a sensual massage. You will love it!” 

It looked like soap to me, but it did smell great.

“You rub it onto the person you are massaging as if it was soap, but it feels more like a lotion or a massage oil on their skin.”

I wasn’t sure, but it seemed like Jenny was talking faster, making her sound like she was making a sales pitch for used cars on late night TV.

I placed the bar back in her soft hands. “Actually, I am not into massages. They make me …I don’t know, they make me kinda tense,” I admitted running my hand through my hair. I always hated admitting this. It was like saying you hated babies – people automatically assumed you must have some psychiatric disorder.

“Aw, come on …really?” she asked, incredulous as anyone else I had mentioned this to.

“Yeah, really. Something about being afraid of vulnerability, I guess. Maybe it’s a man thing, like Morning Shave.” I said, again trying to brush it off with humor. Again failing miserably. 

Jenny smiled brightly, her eyes sparkling, “Everyone I know loves my massages, men and women. It’s something I do on the side for all my friends. And I use all these products, especially the …” she paused for a second as she looked at the massage bar display. “I tell you what,” she said softly, looking me right in my eyes, “you pick up any one of these, and bring it over to my place tomorrow afternoon, and I will show you how relaxing a really good back-rub can be. Deal?”

I was sure I had heard wrong. This gorgeous specimen of femininity was offering me a massage on a Sunday afternoon. Before I could say anything, she was bent over the sales desk writing on a slip of paper. I looked at her round ass, her red skirt stretched tight over her delectable hips. She turned around and put the slip in my hand.

“See you there at around 2, tomorrow?” she said before taking my purchases and ringing them up. 

I spent the rest of that day and much of the night replaying those few minutes. The sane part of me reminded me that she had said that she did this for all her friends, male and female, and so surely that was all I was here. A new friend. She could not possibly be screwing all her friends, male and female, so she could not possibly have been trying to insinuate something, even if she did think I had smooth skin. 

Unfortunately, the horny and certifiably insane part of me tends to be louder, and kept replaying the way she had touched my face and her smile and her cleavage …and generally that was the clinching argument.

At just after 2 the next afternoon I rode my bike up to the neighborhood she had indicated her on her slip of paper. I rang the doorbell as nervous, and simultaneously hopeful, as a teenager on a high school date. I had come in my shorts and T-shirt and held the Chocolate massage bar in my one hand. In the other, I carried a box of chocolates, a last minute purchase, because it seemed the right thing to do.

Jenny opened the door wearing a light, flowery robe tied loosely around her waist. It looked Japanese and it struggled to keep her distinctly un-Japanese figure under wraps. 

“Hi, these are for you,” I handed her the massage bar and the chocolate box, working hard not to sound too excited, or too teenage. I looked her over, noticing her robe concealed less than half the length of her thighs. It opened slightly to reveal even more smooth flesh, before the fabric covered the epicenter of my lust.

“Yummy! So, which one do I get to rub all over you?” she asked, quickly adding, “Just kidding, come in.”

She led me to her large, bright living room. In the center was a solid table on which she had placed a few foam pads and a layer of soft sheets. Next to the improvised massage table, she had placed a sideboard with a number of bottles and boxes. She went over and placed the chocolate massage bar with the others. She then turned toward the kitchen with her chocolate box.

“That’s for later, I hope you will stay after the massage and share it with me.” 

Of course I caught very little of what she said because my attention was fully occupied by the expanse of very white, very inviting bosom revealed by her robe. 

“Would you like a drink?” she asked standing in front of the windows. She pulled the drapes shut, which was a pity because the natural light pouring into the room was very relaxing. 

“Sure, if you are having something, something light, though.” I said as she closed all the curtains and began to light small candles around the room.

“I love a little wheat grass smoothie in the afternoons. Does that sound good?” “Sounds great,” I replied, having no idea what wheat grass was, let alone of I liked its taste at any time of the day. The candles filled the room with the soft scent of the ocean and a dancing, playful light.

“I’ll go get the drinks, and you can get yourself comfortable up here,” she indicated the table, “and you probably want to removed your shirt, and I’ll leave it up to you if you want to shed the shorts as well.” She walked out leaving him standing with his mouth agape.

She popped her head back in to say, “It’s a lot more relaxing with nothing on, though.” 

I stood by the table for a bit, deciding between the safety of the shorts and the wild, free behavior she was recommending. I stripped off my T-shirt, looked down and noticed that my member was already rising from the thought of having her hands on his naked back. 

“What the hell!” I thought, “I’ll be on my front, so she won’t see my erection. Besides, if it is as relaxing as she claims, this will probably go down in no time. And I am sure she will leave the room again at the end I can pull my shorts on again without her seeing my dick.”

I pulled my shorts off, and was about to ease my boxers over my erect cock when I heard her coming back so I jumped onto the table, groaning as I pressed down on my still-clothed hard-on.

She came and stood beside me and placed the drink next to my head on the sideboard. I turned my head toward her. My eyes were level with her scrumptious white thighs. I longed to lift her robe to see where her legs met. I moaned inwardly as my dick twitched in response to the thought of her possibly naked crotch under that robe. I tried to focus on the delicate fragrances of the candles. She walked over to the side of the room and soft, piano music drifted across to me. 

“I am going to start with your neck and shoulders and then your lower back. Most men are very tight around their necks, and at our age, the lower back starts feeling the strain of everything we have ever lifted,” her voice was soft and soothing. 

‘First some sandalwood fragranced oil for your shoulders,” and I felt a warm, sensual fluid run down my shoulder blades to my spine. She moved so that she was standing by my head. I felt her hands on my shoulders and immediately stiffened.

“I promise not to hurt you, just try to relax. Think about the ocean, the waves, the surf,” and it worked until I pictured her in the surf, wearing a tiny green bikini, her boobs bouncing as she ran toward me, her legs firm and ready to wrap around me …so much for relaxing.

I focused on her hands, moving up and down my shoulders, and her fingers pressing against the bottom of my neck. She stretched over my head and pushed down gently with her fingertips and relaxed the ropes of muscles I did not know I had in my neck. She then rubbed the sweet oil in small circles on my shoulders. 

“So hard, the muscles here, baby, you really need to ease up here.” Of course she had no idea where I was really hard.

I moved my head so that I could look at her legs as she stood in front of my head. I could see the robe rise as she stretched to reach below my shoulders. With every move I could see a hint of darkness where I imagined her pussy was waiting for me. While I could not see it yet, I could just distinguish her sweet secretions amid the sandalwood oil and the candles. Her pussy had a distinctly feminine odor that tickled my olfactory senses and sent involuntary messages to my cock, making it jerk painfully against the table. I wanted to reach around her lovely wide ass and squeeze each of her butt cheeks below the robe, but I remembered that scene in ‘Friends’ where Rachael’s Italian boyfriend Paolo does that to Phoebe and how he was universally condemned as being a perv. I kept my hands to myself.

She straightened up to pour some more oil on her hands and the reached for my lower back, running her hands up and down my spine from my neck to where my boxers began. The feeling was intense and I moaned.

“You like that?” she whispered.

“Yes.” I admitted turning my head toward her crotch again. This time every time she reached down to my lower back, her robe separated over her creamy thighs revealing her glistening pussy lips. They were shaded by a shock of fine red hair. As she reached over my head, she brought her juiciness close to my face and I could almost smell her fluids as they formed a shining sheen on her exposed lips. I saw that a fine line of pubic hair ran down each side of her slit. I wanted to run my tongue between those lips, find the source of this narcotic perfume she was wafting in my direction.

Jenny’s hands were moving now with greater force and every now and then a finger would establish itself below the waistband of my boxers. Finally, she moved positions so that she was next to me. 

‘I think that’s enough for your back, now I go lower.” Lower! I thought. She ran some more massage oil onto her hands and started on my legs. Oh, that kind of lower. 

She started massaging my calves and moaned, “such well formed legs!”

“I ride my bike everywhere.”

“So muscular here …and here,” she exclaimed, moving her hands up to my thighs, her fingers pressed my inner thighs and the touch of her hands so close to my balls made me open my legs slightly. I had no idea how much was visible from underneath my boxers. I could feel her hands sliding upwards, still massaging the sensual oil into my muscles with slow circular motions. Her fingertips were now digging deeper into my flesh forcing me to clench my teeth and moan.

“I thought you did not like being massaged?” she asked.

“I have never been massaged like this,” I replied honestly. My cock was rock-hard against the table and I knew I would have to relieve it soon.

She was now bending down further and I could feel the front of her breasts through her robe on the backs of my legs. She moved her hands so that they were probing slowly inside my boxers. I opened my legs further as I felt her warm breath on the backs of my thighs. I started moving involuntarily, so that her hands reached my ass. She massaged them under my boxers so that my cheeks spread apart. She must have been able to see my scrotum from where she was standing, but she never stopped pressing her oily fingertips into my ass. I could feel her breathing become faster.

She withdrew her hands from my boxers and said, “Turn around, I should also massage your chest and shoulders.” 

I knew I was only there for a backrub. I was also a little hesitant to show her the effect she was having on my cock. I knew that I was not only hard but I had leaked a gallon into the front of my shorts. 

She moved so that she was now sitting on the table. I could feel her knees press against my legs. She lowered her head next to mine and whispered into my ear. 

“Come on, baby, turn around so I can work your whole body.” I could feel her weighty boobs pressed against my back. That broke my resistance and I turned around, erection nearly bursting out of the slit in my boxers. The blue and white striped fabric was distinctly darker where the tip of my cock was.

Jenny pretended to ignore my obvious erection. Instead she moved so that she was sitting between my legs. The movement had caused her robe to open even more and I saw her boobs nearly pour out. She reached up, exposing her thighs and a brief flash of dark pubes. She picked up a new bottle with a softer aroma and poured some of the oil directly onto my chest. Jenny then leaned forward to begin massaging my chest.

“Hmmm …I like hairy chests,” she moaned. I was too busy staring at hers. I could now see her boobs swaying under her robe as she moved both her hands in circles around my chest. I lifted my head slightly, making my abs taut. She ran her fingers on them, sticking the tip of her tongue out. I saw pink nipples on the tip of each breast as the robe was held together only at her waist.

She pushed me back with both hands, “Lie back, baby, let me work you.”

I lay back, still staring at her nipples as they danced inches above my skin, separated only by a thin, and now very open, robe. Jenny followed my gaze to her tits, but made no effort to close her robe. Instead she sat back on her feet and looked at me with a smile.

“You like what I am doing? You like this kind of massage, don’t you?” she asked and I could only nod. She spread her knees forcing my legs apart so that my balls were visible to her through the legs of my shorts. I could see her pussy now clearly. Her pink lips were shining now with a clear fluid. 

“You’ll like this even better,” she said, opening her robe completely and leaning forward so that her heavy, naked, pink tipped boobs rubbed against my belly. She then moved forward so that the nipples ran lines through my chest hair. My skin was still oily, allowing for smooth gliding of tit against skin. I moaned loudly as her luscious white globes picked up the oil from my skin. My cock jerked drawing her attention. She lowered her body so that her deliciously suckable tits rubbed against my cock, separated only by the soaked fabric of my boxers.

She kept moving up and down my body, forcing her boobs against my sensitive cock. I could hardly stand it when she opened her warm mouth around my covered cock. She sucked some of the juices from my shorts.

“Mmmmm …I think you have been enjoying yourself without telling me, you naughty boy.” And with that she rubbed her face all over the front of my wet shorts. Finally, she slipped her fingers under the waistband and lifted the sticky boxers over my exposed head. 

She then started moving forwards and backward again, this time rubbing my sensitive helmet between her oily tits. Seeing my pink head lost in that deep cleavage was nearly enough to make me spew onto her boobs right there. 

“I think I still need to relax this one muscle,” she said grabbing hold of my cock at the base and licking the very tip of the head. She then raised her mouth so I could see a long stand of precum form between her lips and my cock. She then bent down and licked the underside of the head, running her tongue down the hard shaft down to my balls. She tongued my cock up and down until my head was completely exposed and ready for her mouth. She opened her warm mouth and took me in half way, sucking and licking me. I could feel the never-ending movement of her tongue lapping on my mushroom head as she sucked it deeper. 

“Oh Jenny, that feels so great …your warm mouth!” I managed as she started bobbing her head up and down in a maddening rhythm. The sight of her red hair flying as she sucked me made my dick throb deep in her wet mouth.

She must have known I was going to come soon because she slowly let me out of her lips. She sat up and straddled my slippery body. The robe was open under her waist and I now had a perfect view of her wide-open cunt. She held the lips aside for me as she brought her hips to my face. I instinctively stuck my tongue out and licked her between her open labia.

“Lick me deeper, baby, lick my wet pussy,” she instructed. I grabbed her round, firm ass globes and pressed my face further into her aromatic center. My nose was ground into her as I delved deeper into her heavenly cunt. Her juices started running out of her onto my chin and neck as I licked her in circular laps around her pussy. She readjusted her position so that my tongue touched her right above her slit.
