 Note: This story will follow several characters for a while but gradually phase out to follow one story from the male's point of view. At first these stories are not going to be filled with sex. This first chapter is more about establishing my main four characters over the course of the same day. Later chapters will get more sexual intensive, with the back-story of the four characters I establish here weaving in there as well. 

Also, thanks Alexandra for the edits.

Chapter 1, Part 1: Brandon

Brandon fought to stay conscious as he was battered by the waves with no shore in sight, and wondered what had driven him to be here at the mercy of the storm. In trying to save friends he had been betrayed by a woman he had come to love. He would survive to help his friends. He would survive to spite the men that had left him for dead. He would survive so that he could face the woman, the one to whom he had been ready to give his heart and soul, so that he could find out why she had betrayed him. Some hours later as he lay alone on a beach too tired to move he thought back to how he got here, back to when his trip had began…

A vacation was what Brandon Metcalf needed, and that was why he was on the cruise He had fallen into a rut, and after working for the same company in the four years since he graduated from college, he had been laid off despite what he had believed was a rather good track record. He was let go because he was not assertive enough. As a result he had often been passed over for newer candidates who were better at getting credit for their work. So his list of accolades failed to show his true value, and unfortunately the recent layoffs had been based on the file and not what he believed was his true worth to the company. . 

However, that was only part of his troubles. His commitment to his work had been such that he had had little time for a social life. When combined with his quiet nature it meant that he had precious few friends and only one girlfriend to speak of since college. None of which was much to brag about; his friends were mostly left from college and the girl was more of a pity setup by his sister-in-law. This meant that his work had become the primary thing in his life and when it ended he was lost. The one thing he did have going for him was a supportive family. It was they who had convinced him to take advantage of his sudden surplus of free time and take a much needed vacation. It was his brother who had suggested he take the cruise to 'recapture those college glory days.' Brandon was not sure that college had been exactly glorious, but it had been an enjoyable time and perhaps more importantly, at least in his brother's mind, had involved frequent interaction with not only people, but women as well. As his brother so bluntly put it 'Brandon, head south on one of those cruises you've always talked about going on and for God's sake get yourself laid.'

So that's why he stood on the deck of the ship watching the city skyline recede into the darkening horizon; not so much the getting laid part, although he would certainly not be against that, but mostly to get himself out of his rut. It was not appear that the cruise was going well when he discovered that his travel agent had double booked his cabin. So, instead of being alone as he had anticipated, he was forced to share the cabin with a guy named Hutch. His cabinmate's real name was Mike, but he chose to go by a shortened form of his last name Hutchinson. Despite his quiet nature Brandon felt he got along with most people rather well, but Hutch was another story. In short he was a loud mouthed, heavy drinking, womanizing, pig. Every night Hutch would roll in smashed at God knew what hour, sometimes with one or more women who were equally drunk. One night though it seemed that for a change Hutch had decided to start his evening in the room. 

Brandon had just come in from some sightseeing on a nearby island. He was a history nerd and the island had several obscure historical sites that only a history nut would appreciate. As Brandon had lost touch with his inner history nut for a while to focus on his work, one of the reasons he had picked this particular cruise was because it had sights like on this island. He had spent the day taking pictures of the various sights and admiring a few of the more feminine attractions of the small island. In particular he had enjoyed admiring a tall dark haired young woman who spoke with a southern accent that he found extremely sexy. However she was never alone long enough for him to talk to her. There was always a man who looked to at be in his forties if not fifties. He was possibly her father or maybe her husband wherever she went and he seemed very protective of her. So he satisfied himself with watching from a distance. 

After following them around while touring the island he saw something that intrigued him. When they had reached the inside of one of the island's feature sights, an old Spanish church, the overprotective man seemed work his way into a large group of frat boys and shortly after left the young woman with the bulk of the group, and made his way to the front privately discuss something with one of the frat boys. Brandon was pretty sure he saw an envelope change hands, but he could not be sure. 

This was because at that moment he heard a soft shriek and clatter as a woman behind him fell after apparently tripping on a nearby pew. As he went to help her get up she refused, and struggled to her feet unassisted. Her embarrassment seemed heightened by the mock laughter coming from the direction of the frat pack at the front of the church. She seemed determined to spurn his offer of help, but he gave it anyway, figuring he could gather up her camera and the supplies that had spilled from her bag. 

'Taking a few picture today miss?' he inquired as he handed an unusual number of memory cards to her. At first she seemed determined to ignore him, but then responded in a tone that seemed defensive and angry.

"Yeah, so I'm someone who likes history, you got a problem with that?" 

"Nope, not really. Kinda a history nut myself, its just I have never seen anyone use that many memory cards on one trip, outside of a close friend I have that is. I always razz him about it kinda a hard habit to break, sorry I said anything." Brandon found himself somewhat taken aback as he answered.

She smiled then, which surprised him, and when she did he was able to tell that she was a gorgeous creature even in the poor light of the old church. From the quick glance he got he knew she had shoulder length red hair, and did not get much time in the sun as her pale skin made evident, even in this low light. She was wearing a blouse and skirt that seemed a bit fancy for sightseeing but showed off her curves well. She was about 5'6 and very toned with hips that were wide enough to be womanly, but not overly so. The blouse, no doubt due to the heat, clung to her impressive chest. Brandon was no expert at sizes but he would guess she was at least a C cup. Her skirt and short sleeves confirmed that this girl worked out as she had toned and nearly muscular arms, legs, and butt. He checked her out feigning subtlety, but was pretty sure she saw his glances. Given her attitude moments before, Brandon almost expected she would say something, but she did not. Instead she began discussing the sights she had seen thus far on her trip, as well as other sights she had seen on previous trips, it turned out many had been the same places, she seemed to know a lot. He asked her if she had studied history and it turned out she had recently earned an MBA.

"Wow, beauty and brains," he thought to himself. As he began thinking of ways to see if he could spend the rest of the day with her, she pointed something out with her left hand and he saw the sparkle of a fair sized diamond on her ring finger and he realized she was taken. His hopes fell. He had been shot down twice today before he had a chance to get started for in spite of the discussion with the red-head, he had not been distracted from, noticing his dark haired quarry openly flirting and cozying up to the frat boys.

As this Church was the last sight he wanted to see, he tried to wrap up their conversation and head back to the ship. As he turned she followed him out to, according to her, escape the din inside. Before he could start the walk to the ship, she offered to take a picture with his camera of him posing in front of the church. Realizing it would be one of the few he would actually appear in on the trip, he accepted the offer. Then the red-head recruited the dark haired southern woman Brandon had been previously admiring to take the camera so the red-head could be in a picture with Brandon. 

After that the group of frat boys spilled out of the church. Brandon began to move away with a hasty goodbye to both women. It was then he found out that the red-head's name was Mel, but the other girl rushed into the church before he could ask for her's. Brandon headed to the dock to get back to the ship.

When he returned to his cabin he found it occupied by Hutch and his friends.

'Oh, look its nerd boy,' Hutch said as he looked up. 'That must mean the bars are opening. Looks like that's our cue to party boys. Plus, we don't want to be here with Mr. Lame-oh over there." It was clear that Hutch was very inebriated. 

'So nerd you gotten laid yet?' Hutch directed the question at Brandon with a sneer. When Brandon did not respond, Hutch added, 'No? Well I'm not surprised nerd boy, but today is your lucky day, we gave you a free one. Actually some frat boy from the penthouses did, but point is you can have a turn. We already had ours, she's a good fuck, even as wasted as she is. Plus, it's probably the best piece of tail you'll get on this whole trip. I'd take advantage if I were you. Just don't get too attached, as the frat boy needs her back by tomorrow afternoon for some rehearsal or something.' Then he turned to his friends and said, 'Now let's get to that party, this is going to rule, all night bachelor party, and it's in international waters.' 

With that they stomped off yelling and shouting. As they had cleared out Brandon looked at the girl they had left behind. What he saw disgusted him. Hutch was not kidding when he had said they had 'had their turn'. The woman had been worked over. She was laying face down and not moving. He hoped she had simply passed out from the alcohol they had likely forced her to down, but knowing Hutch and his friends he was pretty sure something more sinister was involved. 

As Brandon thought about what to do he could not help but admire her body. Even though she was covered in cum from head to toe, it was easy to see that this was a very beautiful girl. She was about 5'3" with hardly on ounce of fat on her, thin but not sickly so. Her long blond hair fell just below her shoulders. She had a cute little toned butt that suited her small frame well. Her boobs from what he could see did not fit her frame. From the angle he had it appeared as if they would be at home in a Playboy centerfold. 

Brandon felt his dick stiffening so that his pants began to feel a bit tighter as he looked at the girl on the floor, but resisted the temptation to use her like Hutch and his friends had, even to jerk off to. Hutch was likely right, this would probably be as close to a hot lay that he would get on this trip, but he was determined that if he got lucky it would be on his terms and the girl would be able to consent.

So with great difficulty he tore his gaze from the hottie on the floor and began thinking up a plan of action. He had thought about dressing her, but that was out for two reasons. One was that she was certainly not in a clean enough state; the other was that he found that most of her clothes had been forcibly removed by Hutch and company and were unfit or unable to be used again. His level of loathing for his roommate and friends increased. Deciding on a course of action he strode out into the bathroom, filled and started up the whirlpool style tub. 

The cabin was designed as a sizeable suite with nice amenities for one person but, due to the mix up it now had two occupants. It actually had two bathrooms one with the tub and one with a shower. Brandon had primarily been using the latter, as Hutch had claimed the larger with the tub right away claiming he needed his daily whirlpool massage. The truth was he usually spent the early hours in the bath fucking whatever tramp or tramps he had dragged in the night before. Supposedly it was good for recovery. Well Brandon would put that to the test this evening. Besides, it was only fair the blonde had a turn, as all the others Hutch screwed received a bath.

To give the girl some dignity Brandon grabbed a sheet off Hutch's bed wrapped her in it and lifted her up and carried her to the bathroom where he gently placed her in the tub, removing the sheet as he did so. As he had guessed the bubbles from the jets obstructed his view of her naked body beneath the water. Not wanting to submerge her head but still wanting to clean her face and hair of the traces of Hutch and his buddies Brandon washed the two areas being careful not to put her nose and mouth under the foaming water. 

He let her soak in the bath for awhile, hoping that the movement of the water would be enough to clean the dried cum off her. As he turned off the jets a thought occurred to him and as the water calmed, he made sure she would not slip into the tub before exiting the room to retrieve clothes and a towel for her as well as a washcloth he was sure he would need. As he walked back in he got an unobstructed view of her body from the front and he nearly creamed himself at the sight. She was even more of a knockout from this angle than from behind. He had been right about her breasts; they were massive, each somewhere between the size of a large cantaloupe and a volleyball with nipples the size of pencil erasers and dollar sized areolas. They sat above a toned flat stomach. Below that she had a trimmed patch of golden fur that led into two of the most amazing legs he had ever had the privilege of viewing. 

He once again felt that painful pressure in his crotch and decided to focus on his task. He stared at her cute face as he located the drain and began emptying the tub. After that he dipped the cloth in the water and decided to wash out a few nooks the water might not have been able to get. Knowing Hutch these were likely targets for his deposits. Brandon very quickly wiped her pussy and the valley between her large breasts. He was sure some ended up there as it was a favorite target of Hutch's. As he had found out when trying to drown out his roommate's drunken cries in previous nights. Before he lifted her out of the tub he made sure to give between her ass cheeks a quick check as well. 

Once she was dry he dressed her in a t-shirt and shorts he had found for her. They were not much but better than nothing. He chuckled at how big the two items were on her small body. Being that he was around 6'6" the shirt looked like a nightshirt on her and the shorts were past her knees. He carried her to his bed and tucked her in and looked around the cabin. After gathering up what was left of her clothes and putting them on a chair near the bed, he returned to the bathroom to gather aspirin from his personal supply and a small mouthwash bottle provided by the cruise cleaning staff. He also grabbed a bottle of water he had taken from the dining room intended for his trip to the gym the next morning and set all there on the night stand next to the bed, wished his 'guest' a goodnight before retiring to the couch with some blankets.

As he slept his dreams were filled with visions of the three gorgeous ladies that had he had admired during the day. He was admiring the brunette he had followed throughout the day as she stripped seductively on the beach while he watched from only a few feet away. He stared in wonder as she freed her B cups from her bikini and gave them a quick shake for him, before she let her panties slide down her long shapely legs. Just as she began to make her way over to him he felt a tap on his shoulder and when he turned around he was in the church where he had talked with the red-head Mel. 

Mel was topless, and she pulled his head down into a passionate kiss and he savored the feeling of her soft warm lips against his before she broke the kiss and forced his head lower to her considerable rack. Taking her hint Brandon began kissing and sucking her swollen nipples as she moaned in pleasure, while doing so he also massaged her sizable tits loving the feel of the soft ample flesh between his fingers. He then boldly took his left hand and reached under her skirt to find she was panty less underneath it and dripping wet to boot. He immediately stuffed two fingers into the tight crevice and felt the velvety flesh clamp down on him as he moved, thrusting them in and out of her wet pussy. He continued playing with her tits and pussy until she had a shuddering orgasm. After which she threw him down on a nearby pew and began unbuckling his shorts before fishing out his dick to begin sucking on it. 

As he sat enjoying the feeling of the red-head sucking him, he leaned back to find the southern brunette sexily crawling on all fours, naked now, down the wooden bench towards him. Unlike her red-haired counterpart, or the busty blond in his bed, the brunette was not overly endowed, but she still had a good set. What she lost in size she made up in firmness as her smaller breasts had little movement to them and when she straightened her back they held their position as if they were still in her bra. Brandon reached up and squeezed her firm melons and played with her nipples. As he did he began to notice the juices running down her sexy thighs and moving his hands to her fine ass he scooted her forward until she was straddling him. 

Grabbing her hips he pulled her down and gazed at her swollen lips that had no trace of hair. Brandon parted her with his tongue, savoring her sweet juices before licking her slit up and down, slowly at first, but soon picking up speed. As he was doing this he felt her shift slightly and seconds later felt her hard nipples touch his chest. As he felt this he broke his gaze from her now sopping pussy long enough to see an amazing sight. Through the valley of her firm tits he saw the brunette putting her tongue to the lower part of his shaft while Mel sucked hard on the head. 

The combination of feeling two tongues on his cock with Mel's vacuum like suction, and viewing the two sexy women working his cock through the firm set of tits caused him to cum hard into Mel's mouth. The sight of the pair French kissing and sharing his cum was almost enough to make him cum again and probably would have if he had not spent such a large load into Mel's mouth already. While he recovered the girls got up and walked across the aisle and leaned over the ends of two pews. 

As Mel did this, she flipped up her skirt and wiggled her larger but more muscular ass. The brunette had no need to mess with a skirt as she was already nude, and she fingered her own dropping cunt before wiggling her naturally perfect ass at him. Brandon could not believe that both seemed to be offering up themselves for a doggy style fuck. As he tried to rise from the pew he rolled off and found he was in his cabin back on the ship.

Shaking his head to wake himself from the daze he got up and walked to the bathroom to pee, but found it was difficult due to the hardness of his dick. Realizing there was nothing for it, he began to jerk off. He had just shut his eyes in an attempt to recall the dream, when he felt a hand on his left wrist pull his hand away and another wrap itself around his engorged shaft. Then he felt two breasts pressing themselves against his lower back. He did not need to turn around to know that the blonde had come up behind him and had begun jacking him off. He opened his eyes and look down to the incredible sight of her small hand beginning to pick up speed as it moved up and down his painfully hard shaft. Brandon could feel the tension building up to a large orgasm as she moved her hand faster and faster. Finally, the tension broke his eyes closed as his body convulsed with jolts of pleasure as his cock erupted sticky white juice all over the bathroom. As his heart rate lowered and he caught his breath he surveyed the damage. His cum was in or around the toilet, and some had hit the wall, and more had landed on the blonde's hand. 
