 Note: From here on out the story will be told from Brandon's perspective and the erotic material should start to pick up noticeably. 

Also thanks luvtaread for the editing.

Chapter 3

When it was fully light out Brandon assessed his situation. Back on the beach lay the wreckage of the wooden lifeboat that had been shattered on a large rock shortly before his landfall. It was this run in with the rocks that had been the primary reason for many of his aches and pains. Not that surviving the sea had not been taxing on him as well, but the boat and PFD had definitely helped in that respect. He raised himself to his feet slowly and took in the island. 

He noted that the sandy beach seemed to stretch a great distance to his left and right, before he turned to look at the lush jungle behind him. Brandon was pleased to see that not only were there a ton of large trees, but that many were, from what he could see, fruit bearing. 

Right off he noted coconut, banana, mango, and several kinds of citrus trees. So if it came to surviving he knew right away he could easily have food and shelter. His next concerns became fire and water. Fire, he would find a way to acquire eventually, water was more pressing however, especially given he had not had any since the previous afternoon. 

Feeling he was well enough to go for a hike, Brandon decided to find the water source that likely fed the lush vegetation in front of him. After visiting one of the fruit trees to satisfy his hunger he set out into the woods. As he hiked toward the center Brandon speculated on the island's origin. He figured that like many of its neighbors it was likely here as a result of volcanic activity. It appeared that this one was long dormant however as he could see no signs of a high cone, nor did the soil and vegetation point to an environment that received frequent eruptions of ash, at least not recently. 

Brandon had been hiking well into the afternoon with little success before he heard a faint sound of water in the distance. After following it for a few seconds he was rewarded with a small stream. Now extremely thirsty Brandon took a drink from the water and cursed himself for not bringing something to take more with him. After he had drank his fill Brandon took note of the late hour by how low the sun was in the sky. 

Knowing the way back to where he had slept the previous night would take too long, he decided to risk following the stream to its mouth. He hoped he was right in assuming it lead to the sea. It was not an easy trek but it proved fruitful, as not far from the beach a fresh water pool had formed. What's more, Brandon found that the rocks in this part of the island provided better shelter to this beach than the first. A quick scan of the trees revealed it was similar to the first stretch of beach he had found. 

Assessing that this spot was a better place than the first Brandon set about lighting a fire for himself, he located dry wood from the forest edge as well as a large piece of drift wood from the beach. He then began to look for a way to light the tinder. In a quick search of his person he noted a small lump in the PFD he had kept on. As he pulled out a small disposable lighter out his heart lifted a bit. So, not only had someone given him a way to survive the water, but had given him a fire starter as well. Someone on that boat had wanted him to live and he was pretty sure who it was. The lighter was out of gas but the flint still worked and Brandon used it to light his tinder. In a short amount of time Brandon had a small fire blazing. 

He collected some fruit and water and atewhile sitting near his fire. After he had eaten he gathered a few fern leaves and made a makeshift bed for himself. He fell asleep feeling fortunate to be alive and now more determined to try to find the girls, if they were on this island.

Brandon spent the next morning building a makeshift shelter around one of the trees closest to the beach. He used coconuts as bowls and water containers; a few of which he took with him on another expedition of the island. This time he carved a path using a large sturdy stick he had taken from the driftwood the previous night, so he could find his way back. 

He decided to follow the stream to its source determine to get to the middle of the island today. He could tell from yesterday's trek that this was a larger island than he guessed. Judging by the streams' current he assumed that its source was at a reasonably high elevation. So he also figured that following it upstream was the best way to locate the islands high point. 

He wanted to find the high point of the island because it would give him the best chance of locating the smoke of other fires burning on the island, which may lead him to the location of the speed boat and its passengers.

When he located the islands high point he was disappointed to find he could not locate any smoke on the horizon. He did note that an area was rather hazy and he knew it was too low for clouds and too clear a day for fog. Searching for the source he located what looked to be a small hot spring that fed into a large pool. Due to the rockiness of the area, water here formed several smaller pools, the largest of which appeared to be filled by the main stream and the hot spring. 

It was this pool that Brandon noted was the largest source of the haze. Brandon bent down and felt the water and wasn't surprised to find that the hot spring made the pool's temperature quite warm. Not so much as to be uncomfortable, but similar to that of a hot tub. In fact with the way the water poured in from the two sources it made almost a natural Jacuzzi. 

Weary from his hike Brandon decided to sample the pool. He removed all but the swimsuit he still had been wearing when he left the ship and climbed in. Relaxing against a ledge he let the water release the tension in his muscles. As the water relaxed him he began to grow drowsy.

His mind wandered to the last time he was in a hot tub and his thoughts filled with Ashley's hot naked body. Unconsciously his hand found his rapidly hardening cock and he released it from his shorts. He began to jerk off as he remembered the feel of Ashley's breasts against his body and the feel of her in his lap. 

He then heard a giggle as he felt his hand removed from his throbbing member. He opened his eyes and found he was staring into Ashley's dark blue eyes as her hand replaced his on his cock. She began to stroke it as she leaned in and kissed him.

As they kissed Brandon's hands went searching for Ashley's tight pussy. As his finger thrust into the tight crevice he felt her moans as they kissed. Brandon felt her hand begin to jerk him faster so he began thrusting his fingers in and out of her faster to match. The pair broke the kiss as their breathing became too labored to continue it, but they both locked eyes in a kind of staring contest. It became a race to see who would give first, either by orgasming or breaking eye contact.

Brandon was almost too lost in the dark blue pools to notice he was close to losing. At the last moment he felt himself getting ready to release. Ashley to seemed to sense it and began pumping even harder. Brandon in desperation set his thumb looking for her clit, finding it he began rapidly rubbing his thumb over it. The tactic worked as he heard Ashley gasp then moan in pleasure. Her hand slowed but it did not matter. He had passed the point of no return a few pumps before. His eyes closed as he fell back against the pool edge and shook while the waves of cum erupted from his hard shaft. 

Through the haze of the orgasm he was pleased to here Ashley scream with pleasure as well and at the same time he felt warmth around her crotch that had little to do with the hot springs that fed the pool. Moments later he felt her quaking body fall against his and he wrapped his arms around and held her close to him. 

A minute or so later, when she had stopped shaking and her breathing had returned to normal, she kissed him and said, "I think I win." 

"If that's losing, I ought to try it more often." Brandon said with a smile and a chuckle. 

Ashley returned the smile before suddenly jumping backward and making a large splash in the pool. Brandon turned his head to avoid water and heard a sound that was far too distant to be the splash. Then he heard two more of the sounds in rapid succession. 

Brandon awoke with a start and began looking for Ashley and the source of the sound. He had heard that sound before at summer camp, it was the sound of someone using a double barrel shotgun. Noting Ashley was nowhere in sight and a quick look at his surroundings brought him back to his situation. He also noted the air's temperature had dropped perceptibly and looking up he saw that the sun had nearly set. 

Cursing to himself he got out of the pool and dressed hastily before following his path back to the camp. As he walked he was oblivious to his surroundings in his anger at himself. He had been intending to look for others on the island and now the day was shot. Worse, he wasn't sure he would reach his camp after nightfall. He had no idea what creatures were in these woods and had no intention on finding out. Nor did he want to run into the person using the shotgun, not yet anyway. 

As he flew along his makeshift path along the stream he saw a bit of bright red and white in the stream bed below that had not been there before. Curious, Brandon stopped to investigate the odd combination of color.

When he had descended into the stream bed his heart jolted, as laying in half in and half out of the stream, was Ashley. Brandon raced to her side and was pleased to find she was still breathing and warm. The blood on some of her scrapes had not dried so Brandon guessed the she had fallen recently. He guessed she had not seen the stream bed in the dark, had fallen into it, and bumped her head on something hard in the stream bed. He picked her up and after lifting her out of the stream bed(,) climbed out himself and trekked back to camp carrying her in his arms. 

When he got back to the camp he was able to stoke the fire back up and lay her near it until she was warmer. Then he put her in the shelter he had made for himself earlier that day and he again slept in a makeshift fern bed just outside.

When he awoke the next morning he found she was still asleep. He gathered some fruit and water. He set out some of each for Ashley before eating his own. A little after he had started eating he heard a shriek of surprise from the shelter and looked up to see that Ashley was up and looking at him apprehensively. 

"It's okay Ashley," he said to her reassuringly, "I think we have matters to discuss, but first I think you would like some breakfast, I hope fruit is okay." Ashley nodded and joined him. She then took she portion and ate it rather quickly.

"A little hungry are we?" Brandon asked surprised. Ashley nodded and Brandon continued, "It's okay we can get more but first, I think we need to discuss what happened that last time we saw each other. I dare say you left out a few things when you told your story. I want the truth, all of it from the beginning, or I turn you back over to your associates. Do you understand?" Ashley gulped then nodded. 

She gathered herself and started, "It all began seven years ago..."

Her story matched most of what she had told him their last night on the ship. She was from Georgia and had lived there most her life and she knew very little of her real father. He had been chased away by her mother's parents who believed he was not good enough for their only daughter. 

Trouble was it seemed that the men they did approve of turned out to be a collection of charming men who were gold diggers after her mom's family's money and could care less about her mom and even less about her small daughter. 

Ashley, being intelligent as she was could of course tell the creeps right away and in an attempt to save her mom pain would try to chase them away. She often succeeded, but being a child could not understand her mom's need for companionship or the fact that she was inadvertently reminding her mom of the man her parents had chased away. She had not realized until later that the results of her efforts contributed to the deep depression that began to seize her mom. 

Ashley, not wanting to see her mom so unhappy stopped trying to chase away boyfriends and as a result her mom, who had given up on finding a good man, married John. He was a man her parents approved of that would agree to their terms and was not horrible to her. 

The thing was that John had only agreed to the marriage and the terms on the money because it was not money he was after. It was the access to the teenage Ashley that he was after. However, Ashley was no fool and managed to stay out of his way. 

As she was only a few months from college age when John married her mom and his job required him to be away a lot, Ashley was able to avoid him until she went off the school. Ashley had nearly achieved her goal of becoming a teacher, when her mom's depression got the best of her and she died in Ashley's junior year. 

This put an end to Ashley's dreams as John assumed charge of the money allotted for her college by her grandparents and spent it on himself. He of course did not care one bit about what Ashley wanted, he finally was able to get what he wanted as Ashley, with no money for tuition would be forced to move home. 

It was his plan to treat her as his unofficial wife. Ashley had tried to appeal to her grandparents and family, but no one would help her or listen. They disapproved of her real father and had never liked her because she was too much like him. So with no other options Ashley fled Georgia and tried to get work to support herself and finish her degree. 

Trouble was that everywhere she went John found her and just as she would get a new start he would ruin it. She had lived like that for nearly four years, until she had finally gotten sick of John's interference and decided to bite the bullet and put up with him long enough to get her degree so she could finally be rid of him. This cruise was supposed to mark the beginning of the new circumstances.

Or that was what she had told Brandon, it was there that she had deviated from the truth. Her true reason for being here was an incident seven years before. Just after her eighteenth birthday her step-father and his friends had given her alcohol laced with high doses of ecstasy. They then proceeded thrust her into the arms of one of John's friends sons. It was little more than rape, but unfortunately the pictures showed that Ashley was the aggressor. What's worse the boy was in high school, so whether Ashley was drugged or not it appeared she had raped him. 

So not only did she face jail time if John reported it, but even if she was found not guilty, the case would ruin her chances of being a teacher. Knowing this John had used the tape and the threat of its exposure to secure Ashley's help in his various schemes, the grandest of which was the kidnapping of Katy for ransom. 

Ashley was crying as she told the details of how she had been forced to help John get to Katy, and in turn Mel. Brandon's insides screamed for him to comfort her, but his mind remained focused, he still needed one last thing from her before he gave into his desires. 

He processed the information before asking, "So how do I fit in? They took Katy for money, Mel for a bonus, and you to make sure you did not ruin the plan and blab, but why me? I know they got rid of me but why take me at all?" Then after a pause he added, "Or for that matter why did you stick to me like glue and then after the grab pretend to drug me and push me off to sea seemingly helpless?" 

Ashley looked up and said in a shaky voice, "I...needed help, and I did not know where to turn. I knew they wanted Katy, and after you offered to help her and Mel, I don't know I figured you might be willing to help me. Then when I told my story and you pledged to help me..."

"Why didn't you tell me then? I would have helped, or tried."

"I couldn't, I was too ashamed, and it was too dangerous, they would just try without me. I had to cooperate. The only way out was to make them take someone off the ship with me, someone who would at least try to help Katy and Mel. So I made sure to stay near you." Anger flared up in Brandon as his heart sank.

"So it was all fake, it was all an act, and I believed you." he said angered and slightly hurt, "Your sob story, and that, that..." he hesitated and finished in his head what he could not say, "That you wanted me." How stupid of him, to think a girl like her would want him. What was he thinking, it was impossible. 

Ashley seeming to sense what had not been said rushed to his side and taking his hand quickly said, "No! No, it was all real Brandon. That was the one thing I had not counted on. I never could have imagined how wonderful of a man I had chosen, or how hard I would fall for him." Brandon pulled out of his dark thoughts and looked into her eyes and noted they were sparkling with tears.

"Really? You mean it?" He asked with hope in his voice. In response she kissed him deeply.

"Does that answer your question?" She asked when the kiss had ended. In that moment Brandon's anger at her evaporated and he wrapped his arms around her and pulled her in for a kiss which he felt her return as her slender arms wrapped around him. The tension and high emotions from moments before seemed to feed their lust for each other and soon all thoughts of the disagreement were washed away in the heat of the moment.

Brandon's mind became set on one thing, finishing what he started on the ship, this time there would be no interruption, no stopping. He flung her onto her back and undid the tie to open the robe she wore. As he pulled it open he revealed the red bikini she had worn in the hot tub. Not wasting time he grabbed the edge of the red panties and pulled them off with the help of a very willing Ashley. He tossed them aside and as she spread herself for him he got a look at his target. She had a neatly trimmed patch of dark brown hair and he noticed the lips were quite engorged and glistening with her arousal. 

He paused just long enough to look up and see a clear 'I told you so' look on Ashley's face, before lowering his shorts and releasing his rock hard cock. He lined up and in one quick motion buried his shaft deep in her warm tunnel. She screamed out in a mixture of pain and pleasure. He enjoyed the feeling of her tightness around him for a few seconds before he began pumping hard in and out of her. Encouraged by her growing moans of pleasure and the fact she had wrapped her legs around him he thrust harder and deeper. 

As he pumped he reached out and peeled Ashley's top down so her medium sized breasts bounced free. He grabbed one of the exposed nipples and gave it a pinch and was met with a shriek of surprise amongst the moans of pleasure. He felt a tug at his shirt and getting the hint took it off.

Ashley's hands caressed him a bit before she dropped them to her own ample chest and began to return Brandon's thrusts. Brandon heard himself moan as he felt his orgasm approaching. Ashley's moans had been replaced by a high pitched squeal he recognized as a precursor to her orgasm from the pussy licking he gave her in the hot tub. 

A few thrust later he felt himself shudder as he released himself into her velvety depths. Almost at the same time he felt her walls contract on his erupting dick. He enjoyed the feeling for a second before pulling out and rolling to lie at her side as she came down from her climax.

When she had recovered she rolled to face him and they made out and then just lay in each other's arms for a while. Then Ashley softly kissed him.
