 Thanks to luvtaread for editing

Chapter 4

"Okay lover boy stay right where you are," William said pointing a pistol at Brandon. He then turned to Ashley and said, "Ashley, be a doll and bind his wrists, use those panties as you won't be needing them where we're going." 

Ashley complied and Brandon felt her sit him up. He let her pin his arms behind his back and bind his wrists with the elastic fabric. Brandon's mind was full of shock as she pulled him to his feet before pulling up his shorts.

"Good," William said, "now why don't you two lead the way back to the camp, Ashley you should know the way." 

Ashley nodded and Brandon felt her gently take his left arm and begin leading him back to the path out of the camp. They had been walking for a while and had almost made it back to where Brandon had found Ashley when he felt her thumb gently tapping his arm. He glanced at her quickly and saw her tuck her hair behind her left ear and point ahead in the same motion. He saw what she meant up ahead the ditch containing the stream was deep and close to the path, but the bank was covered in vegetation, the perfect place to 'fall-off' and escape. He flexed his arm to show he understood. 

When they got to the spot Brandon pretended to trip and fall into Ashley. The man fired the weapon but hit nothing. Brandon managed to slow himself enough that when he fell over the edge it winded him a bit upon the landing but at least he was alive and out of gun range. Ashley had not managed to reach the bank before the man reached her.

"Where did he go?" the man demanded off her.

"Heck if I know Willie, all I know is that this is not the place to look. My guess is he's knocked out at the bottom. There's a place back a little ways we can get into the ditch easier, but help me up first." Brandon heard Willie reluctantly agree and pull up Ashley. As Brandon worked his hands free of the red fabric he heard her say:

"Darn it! I think I turned an ankle, could you give me a hand so I can show you that spot." Brandon heard a snort of annoyance as Willie reluctantly helped her up. 

"Ashley, you are a genius," Brandon thought to himself as her yelps of pain helped cover his escape from the foliage. While Willie was busy helping Ashley move Brandon snuck upstream and climbed out onto the path. 

As he snuck up on the much noisier pair he saw that Ashley was leaning against Willie's right side. Her left arm was around his shoulder and she was hoping on her right foot. Her right hand hung loose at her side. 

As Brandon got closer he grabbed a stick. As the foliage moved he froze and was surprised to see Ashley wave him forward with her right hand. Smiling Brandon picked up his pace and as he got closer he saw her fingers were counting down to something. 

When she got to zero she planted hard on her 'injured' foot and pivoted firmly putting her knee into Willie's groin. As one might expect Willie immediately released her and sank to his knees. Ashley dove to the path side in time to avoid the running swing that Brandon took with his stick, having correctly assessed that she was going to make some kind of move at zero. The stick was partly rotted so it shattered upon impact and only managed to stun Willie slightly.

However, Brandon was fairly sure Ashley had scored a strike and knew from experience that Willie would not be rising anytime soon. So he used the time to grab the weapon that lay on the ground and helped Ashley to her feet.

"Come on," he said heading off toward camp with her holding his hand and trying to keep up. 

After a bit Brandon spotted a place in the stream bed he had rested at on his original trip downstream. He stopped abruptly and Ashley nearly ran into him.

"What's up Brandon?' She asked after narrowly avoiding him. Why did you stop, do you hear him?"

"No, I got an idea follow me." He said before leading her into the ditch and over to a hidden over hang that was like a small cave in the dirt. 

"I found this the other day when I was headed downstream." He whispered, "Hopefully, the idiot will think we went back to camp and miss us, if we do it right we can outflank him and overwhelm your step-father and rescue Katy and Mel. Since they lost the other man when the boat crashed, from what you told me earlier. That it will be four with guns against two unarmed men, and I like those odds a lot better." Ashley smiled and kissed him.

"If I did not know any better, I'd think you spent time in the military." She said.

"No, but I am a veteran of many a capture the flag games and some of those guys took it pretty seriously. Come to think of it several are now in the military." Brandon said with a chuckle. 

"Well, it's a pretty good plan, not bad for short notice."

"You're not too bad yourself with that escape plan you came up with."

"Yeah well I had a good partner." Then after a beat she said, "And thanks for trusting me."

"After what you have risked to help me? Of course I do. Not to mention what happened on the beach." 

Ashley giggled and said, "That was pretty amazing wasn't it?" A wide smile crossing her face. 

Brandon just nodded and then said, "Oh that reminds me," and he produced the red swimsuit bottoms from his pocket saying, "I believe these belong to you." 

She thanked him and quickly put them back on before they heard a loud rustling, accompanied by Willie's curses above their heads. It was clear he was on his way to the camp to find them. 

As the sounds faded into the distance Ashley gave him a quick squeeze and kiss and a few seconds later she looked ready to leave when he stopped her. She shot him a confused look and he put a finger to his lips and pointed upstream. She listened and soon nodded her understanding.

Someone was approaching from upstream. Fearing it would be John, Brandon indicated Ashley should stay in the cave while he went to look. A smile crossed his face as he saw who it was.

"I'll be right back, hold tight here and keep an eye out for Willie." Ashley nodded and Brandon set off upstream to where he and Ashley had descended in and waited for his query. As it approached he heard a rock hit near his feet, he looked downstream and saw the plants being shoved aside and it was clear Willie was coming.

Thinking quickly he lunged up the bank where he was standing, quick enough to gather the small blonde in his arms and placed his hand across her mouth. Katy, who had no idea who had just grabbed her fought and did her best to scream as Brandon carried her downstream. 

"Katy, calm down will you, it's Brandon." He said quietly, "I'm here to help." Katy stopped struggling in time for Brandon to quickly get her to the cave. He let her go and seeing Ashley, Katy scrambled toward the opening, followed by Brandon. It was a tight fit but all three made it in and Brandon pulled some leaves over them just before they heard Willie thunder by. 

"Brandon!" the energetic blonde shrieked a little too loudly, giving him the best hug she could give in the tight space. "You're okay! I can't believe you lived through that."

"Shh," Brandon hissed. Realizing her mistake Katy apologized in a quiet voice and covered her mouth.

"Its okay, the way he was traveling I think an elephant could sneak up on him, but I have no idea where John is at the moment and that worries me." Brandon said 

Katy smiled and said, "I wouldn't be too worried about him, Mel shoved him face first into the fire before we ran for it." Then her face went white and she said, "Oh my god, Mel." 

Concerned Brandon and Ashley asked in unison, "What about her?" 

To their surprise Katy giggled a bit and confused they both asked, "What?!" 

"I'm sorry that is just too cute guys, it reminds me of Mel and I when we first..." Brandon and Ashley exchanged exasperated looks before Ashley gave him a 'you go' look.

"Yes Katy, Mel, your wife, who was in some kind of trouble. Focus Katy, what happened to her?" Brandon asked. 

Katy looked dazed for a second then spouted, "Oh yeah, she hurt her ankle I think and had to rest she told me to go ahead. That man is headed right for her!" 

Acting quickly Brandon stood up and handed the gun he had taken from Willie to Ashley and said, "I'm going after him, if he finds you before I do I want you to shoot him, okay? Don't hesitate, just blast him." Ashley nodded and before she could say anything he was off and scrambling up the bank. He set of at a dead sprint along the path hoping to close the gap between him and Willie.

When he came to a spot where the trail wove to stay close to the water Brandon decided to cut through the plants to make up ground. He broke into a small clearing that ran parallel to the stream, amazed at his luck he picked up his pace and broke through the trees and found himself on another unfamiliar path. 

Brandon stopped to catch his breath and heard sounds of a struggle from the direction where the stream was. He recognized Willie's voice and a defiant female voice that had to be Mel. Using great care he slowly proceeded up the path toward the stream. He came to a bend and looked around it and saw the two struggling parties. 

Mel was on the ground facing him and trying to force her to her feet was Willie. Mel apparently spotted Brandon and separated herself from Willie. Seeing his chance Brandon set off at a dead sprint and as he got closer he lowered his shoulder. Seconds later his shoulder made hard contact with the small of Willie's back. Both men shot forward toward the stream Brandon managing to catch himself before the edge. The breathless Willie was propelled head first into the rock filled stream.

Brandon got up and looked over the edge and saw a rather gruesome sight. Willie was lying on the rocks at an awkward angle and had several wounds gushing blood, the most notable of which was on his head. 

"I don't think he'll be getting up this time." Brandon said turning away in disgust at the gruesome scene.

"What?" asked a confused Mel. 

"Sorry, Mel forgot you were there." Brandon said quickly startled by her response. "I...ah was just saying that Willie over there will not be getting up any time soon." Then after a pause he asked, "Are you okay? Katy said something about your ankle."

"Yeah, I think so. It hurts, but not too bad. I think I can move I just did not want to slow down Katy. You found her then?"

"Yeah, she and Ashley are down stream hiding and holding Willie's gun with orders to shoot Willie or John on sight."

"Thanks." Mel said softly and Brandon nodded before heading into the stream bed to check on Willie. When Brandon reached the still form he checked for signs of a pulse or breathing. Finding none, Brandon deduced Willie was dead and noting he was bleeding into the stream decided to move the body. Brandon quickly lifted Willie out of the stream carried him to the other side where he ascended the other bank and walked to a unique tree and laid the body at its base. Without looking back he made his way back to Mel. 

"What did you do that for?!" She asked angered.

"Well," he answered calmly, "Two reasons really. First off he was bleeding into our water source, and second, I don't believe in leaving loose ends, so I needed to make sure he was dead. Speaking of loose ends, if you are okay here for a while I would like to see what became of John. Their camp is that way right?" He asked pointing down the path going away from the stream. 

"Oh, yeah, it is." Mel said taken aback a bit. 

Brandon nodded and headed off along the path saying, "I'll be right back," then as an after thought added, "And stay off that leg Mel. That ankle looks pretty swollen." He heard grumbling in response, but when he looked back she seemed to have stayed put. 

A little while later Brandon saw the smoke from the fire and approached the beach with caution, but when he got there it was clear he had no need for it. As lying on the beach was a severely burned and definitely dead John. Brandon could tell he was dead because the flames were still consuming his clothes and no one remained that still while on fire. Brandon also noted that it appeared John had been clutching at his chest when he died. 

Brandon used sea water to dowse John and the campfire before he gathered large fern leaves together and rolled the body onto them and proceeded to drag it into the forest. He saw a few small items and grabbed them before heading back to Mel. He figured he could come back later with Ashley and Katy to grab more. 

When Brandon got back to where he left Mel he was a bit surprised to find she had only moved a small distance.

"So?" She asked as he approached, "What's the verdict?"

"Dead, I'm no expert, but I'd guess heart failure due to shock. Considering how I found him he's better off. Remind me not to get on your bad side Mel. He had third degree burns across over half his body." 

"Wow," she said then added with venom in her voice, "He deserved it."

"Probably, but still a bad way to go." Then after a beat he said as he bent down, "Let's have a look at that ankle." She raised her left foot and Brandon examined for a bit.

"Well I am no doctor, but it seems okay to me." He said when he was finished, "Still, we should keep you off it for a bit at least until it stops swelling." She nodded and then he added, "Now I think the best way to get you back is for me to carry you back..." Mel interrupted with a snort of disbelief as she rolled her eyes.

"In your dreams buddy, I don't need a man to carry me back like I am some fragile little princess." 

"You're right." Brandon said gathering himself, "You are not a fragile little princess and you don't need me." 

"Thank you," she said. 

Then he looked her right in the eye and said, "But, I need you, and so do Katy and Ashley. Because like it or not Mel we could be stuck here for quite a while. I don't know much about you Mel, but what I do know is that you would rather jump off a cliff before you let Katy down. You can say you're fine and hobble all the way back to camp and risk further injury to that leg and possibly your other one."

"Which, of course would make you rather useless in the coming days and a liability until they heal, and that would be a real shame given the fact that there will be quite a lot of heavy lifting coming. I have seen you workout, I know that you could be a real asset, but if you want to be selfish and refuse my help. Then, fine I will make this work without you, but this will really work better if the four of us can find a way to work together."

"If you had let me finish I would have given my reasons which are that I know this stretch of path better than you, seeing as I cut it, and it is far too rough to risk you hobbling on one foot without risking your other ankle. So as I was about to say, before you decided to lump me in with every asshole that has wronged you in the past, is that the best way to get you back to my camp is for me to carry you carefully at least until we reach Katy and Ashley." 

Mel looked at him for a bit before she nodded and said, "Okay, you're right, how do you want to do this?"

"That's up to you I can either carry you in my arms or you can ride on my back. If you chose the later you have to rest your legs on my arms to keep stress off the ankle."

Mel opted to climb on his back and he bent down so she could climb on. Brandon felt her press into his back and her soft but strong arms and legs closed around him as she got into position. When she was ready he began his progress down the path. They walked in silence all the way back to the place where he had left Ashley and Katy. 

"Ashley, Katy, it's alright the coast is clear come on out." He called after stopping near where they were hidden. Seconds later he saw Ashley's brunette head emerge above the bank followed by Katy's blonde one. 

"What about M..." Katy started before she spotted the redhead on Brandon's back. At the sight she fought back a fit of laughter. 

"Oh, quiet you. I am being a team player here." Mel said then asked, "Speaking of which, how much further?"

"Not far," Ashley said as she helped Katy out of the ditch. 

"So, she has been to your camp already has she?" Mel asked in a curious tone to Brandon as Ashley took the lead toward the camp followed by Katy.

"Yeah, well...I found her last night, and took her back." Brandon stammered as he followed Katy.

"And you were just on your way to get us right?" Mel asked.

"Look I found Ashley last night, stumbled upon her out cold in the stream bed. It was chance I found her. I had spent the day looking for you guys and must have missed the trail she took. When I found her the sun was down. It seemed stupid to look further as I have no idea what is in these woods." Brandon explained.

"So what about this morning, then you just happened to run into Willie on your way to find us, huh?" 

"Something like that, I had a talk with Ashley first to get some things straight." 

"That's it?" Mel asked.

"Yep," Brandon replied. 

To which Katy giggled and said, "That's not what I heard," in a sing-song voice and she turned her head and smiled wide at Brandon.

"What does that mean?" Mel asked and Katy gave her a look Brandon did not quite understand, but Mel obviously did. "Oh, no you two didn't." To which Katy nodded her head. 

Brandon obviously looked bewildered and Katy said, "Oh come on Brandon you can't expect to leave two girls together in a cave for a while and not expect us to gossip a bit. Rule number one when hanging out with a group of girls expect us to talk about everything." Then after a beat she stopped and got close to him and said, "For the record, you should be proud, and I personally can't wait for my turn."

"Katy!" he heard Mel exclaim. He was not sure whether she was more shocked or amused. 

"Oh come now my dear you know me, ever horny."

"Still I am right here." Mel said

"Yes, but do you have over nine inches of cock between your legs? I think not, nor did you ravage that tall brunette up there into a mind blowing orgasm today." 

"He did that?" Mel asked with what Brandon thought was a bit of respect in her voice. He even thought he detected a smidgen of desire. 

A short time later they arrived at camp and Brandon set down Mel near the sea to soak her ankle. Brandon had Ashley give Mel the gun and he and the other two left her to soak while they went to collect supplies from the other camp. 

They spent most of the day carrying back various items Brandon even swam out to the boat wreck to recover a few things. As early evening fell over the island Brandon used a large knife he had found on the boat to make larger shelters. 

"They look nice," a voice said from behind him and Brandon was surprised to find Mel standing behind him. 

"Yeah, well we'll have to make a better one once your ankle is right. How is it by the way?"

"Better, the salt water helped, and thanks for the crutch," she said indicating the crutch she was leaning on that Brandon had lashed together right after he had got done making trips to the other camp.

"Well I better get back to tending that fire." He went to walk past Mel, but he felt her grab his arm.

"Brandon, stop, Ashley and Katy can handle it. You need a rest. Sit and relax for a minute, you have been going non-stop all day and its great and all, but..."

"I'm fine," Brandon said pulling his arm loose. 

"And who's not being a team player now?" Mel said angrily, "Did you mean any of that stuff you said to me or were you just putting me on because I thought you meant it and I respected it, but this..." 

"No I meant it, all of it." Brandon said pausing.

"Then let's talk, physical injuries aren't the only things that can get worse if you ignore them."

"Why do you care? I'm just another stupid man, right?"

"If you think that you really are stupid!" She said angrily then sighed and said in a soft calm voice, "No I don't think you are another stupid man. You're the man whose hands I am putting my life and Katy's life in and the one Ashley has put hers in. You have helped all of us in so many ways in such a short time with virtually no thank you. So let us help you, tell me what you are running from, and don't try to deny it. I have done my share of running from things. So I can recognize it in others." 
