 It was last thing in the afternoon and Amy's P.E lesson had just finished after a session of cheerleading. She was wearing no underwear as her boyfriend, John, was doing PE at the same time, giving her the opportunity to flash at him when he watched their cheering.

At the end of the class all the girls left their cheerleading kits on to go home in. As she walked out with her friends Mr Brompton shouted her to stay behind.

"Ooo…"the other girls sniggered suggestively as they left Amy in the hallway with Mr Brompton. He ordered her to follow him into his office and close the door.

She stood beside his desk as he ruffled through some papers, before putting them to one side and sitting back in his chair,

"Now Amy," he began, looking at the just turned 18 year old's flat stomach before him, "Can you tell me why you think you're here?" After quickly scanning her over he rested his eyes on hers.

Amy thought he may have seen her flash John or noticed that she was not wearing underwear but innocently replied, "Er…No."

"No sir!" He snapped.

"No sir."

"Well…We've had some complaints about you being head cheerleader."

"What?! What sort of complaints?"

At least he hadn't noticed her underwear situation or the subtle flashes of her private regions she gave John during the lesson.

"I've been asked to reassess my decision on who should have the position."

Amy's stomach dropped, she was far better than the other girls and she knew it, there was no one suitable to be above her. None of the other girls were as good looking for a start.

"How can I put it," he said, now gazing at the cheerleader team photos on the wall, "In many peoples opinion we think you're a little, if you will, overweight. As the head cheerleader should be setting example to the rest, therefore you understand this is not something we can tolerate."

The bluntness of his comment came crashing through her ears. Her stomach was flat and even had signs of a six pack showing through, and her legs were thin with a bum that had been described as 'cute' a number of times. She stood in disbelief and tried to come back from the comment,

"Overweight? But sir I don't think I'm overweight, I've tried so hard to keep my figure in shape and from my boyfriend's point of view, I have a very toned, attractive body."

"Hmm…" he said, "Show me. Take off your top!"

"What?!"

"You heard me. I'm in a very difficult position here, Amy, take off your top and show me you have the body to be head cheerleader."

Amy tingled all over. Mr Brompton was around 50 and wasn't particularly attractive, not the type she'd like to flash her body to, however, he was married, and so Amy was convinced there was nothing sexual or perverse about what he was asking her to do so she pulled her top over her head and tied back brown hair, revealing her bare stomach and bra covered tits.

"Hmm…" He said as he looked over her top half. He then outstretched his hand from his chair and rubbed her stomach. Amy stood looking down at his hand in awkward silence as it moved around her developing six pack, suddenly pushing onto her breasts before pulling back and resuming position on the desk.

"Take off your bra," he ordered.

"But sir…" Her words were immediately cut off,

"Amy, I need to asses your whole body, now remove your bra or remove yourself from my office and your position as head cheerleader."

The ultimatum was there in black and white. She didn't want to lose her position and so slowly unclasped her bra and put it on his desk. Mr Brompton's eyes were transfixed on the pert breasts before him and already he felt a stirring in his pants. Again, he moved out a hand and caressed her naked breasts then began to write, as if taking notes on her. One touch of his cold hands had made Amy's nipples become erect,

"Turn around," he said, not looking up from where he was writing. She turned around instantly, happy to move her young breasts out of view.

Mr Brompton poked each arse cheek with his finger through her short cheerleading skirt, as if testing their firmness. She stood still, wanting to pass this examination and keep her position as head cheerleader. Not noticing any negative reaction to what he was doing, he decided to push it further and groped her tennis ball bum for several seconds. He soon moved his hand away and she heard him writing once again.

"Bend over forward slightly would you?" he asked in a tone as a doctor would ask his patient.

Amy complied, bending to have her bum stick out for the teacher who would hopefully see she was in fit enough shape to keep cheerleading. Mr Brompton lowered his head to glance under the skirt, which had moved up due to her position, and saw the outline of her toned bum cheeks. He touched the underside of each one, seemingly testing the firmness once again. His hand, however, moved closer to her arse hole each time, causing her to flinch as the realisation entered his mind that he could not feel any underwear.

"Stay still," he said as he pulled her skirt up and rested it on her back, baring her whole naked ass to the teacher.

"Sir!" she tried to disagree, but did not dare move position. He must have already noticed she wasn't wearing any underwear.

"Still!" He yelled, "I didn't say speak."

He noticed her naked bum, perfectly shaped and open for viewing, causing a smile to fill his face. His cold hands now roamed freely on her naked butt, causing a tingle to run through her pussy – he was not normally someone who would turn her on, however, she was facing away from him and so tried to imagine it was John's hands groping her buttocks and trailing down her thighs.

"No panties," he finally commented, continuing to stroke her bum, "we like our cheerleaders not to wear them; you're setting a good example there, Miss."

Whilst touching the inside of her thigh, his hand brushed purposely against her pussy. He was shocked to feel moisture transfer onto his hand.

"Amy, you're wet…Is what I'm doing turning you on? Is that why you're wet?"

There was a silence, and she felt he was not going to talk before he got his answer.

"Y…Yeah, kind of…"

"So you get excited and enthusiastic about your ability to be the best cheerleader? Willingness to give everything you can. What do you think?"

"…Yeah…I'm certainly willing…and I've tried so hard to keep in shape…I can do everything a good cheerleader should be able to do…" her sentences were spaced, still slightly uncomfortable with being practically naked in front of a teacher but wanting him to take note of her fine assets.

"You need to know about the men you're cheering for. Do you know much about men?"

"Yeah a bit…" she did not know quite how to respond.

"Men get excited like you. They'll no doubt get excited when they see you at the side lines. Do you know when a man's excited?"

There was a silence.

"Amy, looking at you makes me feel excited, as the players you cheer will feel too. Show me that you know where to look to see I'm excited, show me what you can do to help with this excitement."

Mr Brompton stood up and walked around in front of her as he spoke, with his hard dick poking slightly through his trousers.

"Touch me where you think I'm excited. If what you need to touch is covered up, uncover it."

Amy's eyes were transfixed on his trouser covered package but she dare not touch it, let a lone uncover it.

"Unless of course you'd rather not be head cheerleader, in which case you can dress and leave. If you wish to continue your role, then I'd like you to uncover my excitement and relieve me."

Her mind was flashing through the thoughts of someone else taking her place and the comments she would get made about her. Her hands robotically moved to his package and began to undo his belt.

"That's a good girl, Amy."

As she fumbled his button and undid his zipper his hard member sprung out. Mr Brompton took hold of her hands and placed them on his cock.

"Don't be afraid," he said, "Show me you can relieve me. Kneel down, use your hands and your mouth."

She slowly moved to a kneeling position, his dick centimetres from her face. He had let go of her hands and Amy now frisked his hard length voluntarily, not wanting to disappoint the ageing teacher and hinder her cheerleading opportunities. She had wanked and sucked John plenty of times and so did not hesitate when he ordered her to suck him.

"I want you to relieve me into your mouth. In case you haven't tasted it before, I will ejaculate semen. It's rather salty and I want you to swallow it."

She had never let John cum in her mouth before, she had always told him to tell her when and pulled out before his semen came out. She had sneakily licked the cum from her hand after wanking him to see how it tasted one time, but she was almost sick as soon as it touched her tongue.

The slurping sounds and the sight of this hot college girl willingly sucking him off were turning Mr Brompton on immensely. He grabbed her by the hair and held her head in place as he fucked her mouth.

Suddenly he erupted and streams of hot semen poured into her waiting mouth. She gagged at first, but quickly swallowed. The streams kept coming as he was now wanking himself, filling up her mouth. She violently pulled away as her mouth over filled with cum, causing a stream of jizz to hit her on the cheek and eye.

Mr Brompton groaned as he wanked the last of his orgasm onto her face and mouth, wiping his cock on her face.

"Mmm…did you like that?" he didn't wait for a response, "stand up."

She stood, now hoping her task was over and began to wipe the drying cum off her face. His hand brushed her smooth, bare chest and moved down beneath her legs. She was backed against a wall and so could not move away as he teased her pussy with his fingertips, finding exactly how excited this had made her as he spread her juices.

"You've passed the first stage," he said, probing her slit gently, "now I see you have the right attitude to the second stage. You need to be able to relieve excitement in more than one way, Amy, you must have a man inside your vagina. My fingers tell me you've experienced this before, am I right?"

"Y…yes."

"Right then," he pushed his trousers down to his ankles and quickly took off his shirt, "you will notice that your body has once again made me hard. Lie on my desk, show me how else you can take my penis."

He practically pushed her onto the desk as Amy opened her legs and prepared to take this well hung teacher in her pussy. The cheerleading skirt was blocking her view of her entrance but she could feel the tip of his hard member nudging gently into her.

She closed her eyes as the cock brushed against her clit, allowing a soft moan to escape her lips as her fingers increased their grip on the sides of the desk. His breathing was now more exaggerated as he motioned back and forward, finding it quite hard to push into this tight pussy.

After a few minutes he was fully in and Amy felt like she had been stretched so far she would no longer feel John's comparatively minute penis inside next time they had sex. Mr Brompton's hands were tweaking her nipples and groping her breasts as he rode the hot teen, the tight pussy was causing his orgasm to come around quickly. Amy herself could feel an orgasm approaching as her back lay flat on his desk, but was embarrassed about how the teacher would react, would he let her be head cheerleader if he noticed she was enjoying it too much?

His rhythmic pumping turned into heavy thrusts as he blurted,

"Oh, Amy…I've dreamt of this…your tight pussy feels so good…I want you to cum with me…cum on my dick Amy, cum, cum…"

Amy felt hot semen filling her insides as her pussy clenched his cock, riding through her very own orgasm,

"Mr…Brompton, I'm…I'm cumming…"

"That's it Amy…cum all over my hard prick…"

He picked her up off the desk into his arms and bounced her on his cock, feeling her breasts and stiff nipples press against his naked chest as they fucked through their joint orgasm; his penis now fully inside her pussy as it leaked streams of hot cum.

Mr Brompton bent down as his student dismounted and held her close to him as his limping penis plopped out. His voice now husky, 

"…Mmm…I feel you've proven yourself enough for now. You can dress and leave. I have to warn you that what just happened is purely confidential and you must not mention it with anyone. I need to put forward your case at the next staff meeting and if anyone has found out about this, it will decrease my chances of keeping you in the position you deserve."

Amy put on her top and bra in silence and quickly left, stopping in the toilets to wipe the cum trail leaking down her legs. This was a secret she couldn't tell, she could not let her opportunities be compromised.