 'Amy, I have discussed your potential with the other members of the PE department and heads of department; and we are holding a meeting on Wednesday the 15th after college (4:00pm) in the staff room. You are required to attend this meeting and should arrive exactly how you did in my private meeting with you last week, ie. Wearing your cheerleader uniform. The meeting will be very much the same routine as last time and purely private and confidential. If you have any reason not to want to show your willingness and enthusiasm about being head cheerleader during this meeting, please do not attend and we will find another suitable candidate.

Mr. P. Brompton.'

Amy felt a tingle run through her whole body as she read the college email, it was Wednesday tomorrow. Does he mean that she should not be wearing underwear again? Would she have to perform the sexual acts she was required to do at their previous meeting? Surely not, but she would do anything to keep her position as head cheerleader.

When Wednesday came around Amy decided it was best not to wear underwear and arrived outside the staffroom door dot on 4 o'clock. She knocked twice with no response, although she could hear people's voices inside.

Suddenly Mr Brompton came up behind her,

"Amy! Right on time, follow me."

He ushered her into the room where 6 other males were sat along a line of sofas. Four of these were teachers from the college, the other 2 she did not know. She was told to stand at the front while Mr Brompton sat down with the rest, who were now all looking at her in her uniform.

"Amy. This is a private meeting and none of the matters expressed in it are to be taken outside of the meeting by anyone, do you understand?"

"Er…yeah…I guess."

"Right, as you know, this is Mr Wells, Mr Peters, Mr Blake and Mr Geoffries," her audience smiled at her as Mr Brompton continued, "Now, for good measure I have decided to allow two other men here today to give a fair opinion of your potential; this is Mr Hardy and Mr Fellows."

Amy looked over the men, all old and not particularly attractive. Mr Brompton began to speak again,

"You've already proved yourself to me, however, we need to decide as a group whether you deserve the position. If you perform how you did last week I see no reason why we should keep from you the position you deserve… Now, you know the procedure so take off your top and bra and stand in front of Mr Wells."

Mr Wells was the first in line on the sofa and probably would just prod her breasts and inspect them like Mr Brompton had previously done.

Reminding herself that no one would ever know that she had let 7 old teachers inspect her breasts and probably the rest of her body, she decided to try and get it over with as quickly as possible and hastily took off her top and bra, revealing her young pert breasts to the audience as she stood less than a metre from Mr Wells.

A grin spread across the face of each man in the room at the view of the hot topless cheerleader before them and as expected, Mr Wells sat forward and looked over her breasts before cupping them in his hands. After a short groping he nodded in agreement,

"Fine…now Mr Peters."

Amy moved along the sofa and now stood before Mr Peters. He was the oldest of the group and the most anxious, quickly grabbing her breasts with his rough hands, daring to tweak her nipples and delighted by the fact that he had made them become erect.

Amy blushed, beginning to feel a little slutty but content from the fact that no one would know that she had let 7 old men touch her up just so she could keep her position as head cheerleader.

The rest of the group, including Mr Brompton as a refresher – as if he had forgotten what they feel like – all had a grope of her breasts and she once again stood in front of the group of teachers.

"The group seem to come to the same conclusion that you have a very fine upper body, Amy. Now, we require you to bend over and touch your toes, making sure you have good posture with your bum pointed high in the air." Mr Brompton stated firmly.

It flashed through Amy's mind again that she was wearing no panties; however, the fact that this secret act would keep her place as head cheerleader was far more appealing. She leaned over in front of the men and pushed her bum high into the air, causing her skirt to lift slightly and presenting her cute ass to them.

Mr Peters stood up and walked over to Amy, quickly followed by the rest of the group.

She was soon surrounded by the seven men who were looking over her fine assets. Mr Peters, eager as ever took prime position behind her and began rubbing her bum and thighs through her short skirt, prompting the other men to begin feeling up her dangling breasts and other assets. 

The man introduced as Mr Hardy was closest to her head and kept nudging his crotch onto her face purposely as she swayed from the other men feeling her up. She could feel his hard cock through his pants and knew exactly what was coming next.

Surely enough, Mr Hardy undid his own trousers and presented his large cock, pressing it against her face, taking in the sensation as he wiped it around her soft, young skin. Amy kept still with her mouth closed, she knew she would have to suck him off but was trying to avoid the situation for as long as possible – his dick was too big to even contemplate putting in her small mouth.

Meanwhile, one of the other teachers plucked up the courage to pull her skirt over her lower back and hands were now freely massaging her naked butt and tracing the crack of her arse cheeks. Amy felt a tingling in her pussy, even though all 7 men touching her up were old teachers, her pussy was moistening rapidly.

Mr Hardy now had hold of her head and pushed her closed lips against his dick. Knowing the inevitable, she opened as wide as she could and began sucking the end of his hard meat, causing a groan to escape his lips. Now she had started, she wanted to get it over with as quickly as possible, sucking and slurping her teacher's dick and swirling her tongue around the head.

Mr Wells took her hand from her side and placed it on his covered package, helping her as she instinctively began to undo the button and zipper of his trousers. The sooner she made them cum, the sooner she could get out of this situation.

Amy couldn't help squirming as fingers teased her arsehole and began probing her wet slit as she held onto Mr Wells' hard cock and sucked Mr Hardy, whose meat slipped further and further into her mouth each time she moved. 

Hands were all over her hot young body, roaming every crack and crevice, cupping every mound and poking every hole. Soon enough her other hand was filled with a hard cock and Mr Peters began nudging his meat into her soaked pussy.

Mr Brompton had brought some lube to the session and dripped the cold liquid onto her bum hole as Mr Peters continued to pump into her. Mr Brompton's fingers soon began to massage the oil around her arse crack and teasingly probed the entrance. Amy was an arse virgin and her butt was tight as a finger found its way inside.

Mr Peters was banging her more rapidly as his hand slid round and grabbed a handful of breast.

"Oh…this pussy is so tight!"

The thrusts from the rear were causing her to lunge forward onto the cock in her mouth as it nudged the back of her throat, causing her to gag slightly.

"Oh fuck…I'm gonna shoot my load in your mouth…make sure you swallow…oh…mmm…"

The cock in her mouth erupted and she desperately tried to swallow the mass of cum, fighting a loosing battle as reams of cum continued to flow and began pouring out the sides of her mouth and over her chin.

Her mouth was forced onto the limping cock as Mr Peters burst his seed deep inside her pussy while Mr Brompton's finger continued to loosen up her arsehole.

"Oh…you hot fucking little bitch! Damn…!" Mr Peters was screaming through his orgasm.

Amy was pulled up from her position, and before she could wipe the cum from her chin or thighs, her skirt was ripped off and she was forced to straddle Mr Blake who had taken off his trousers and was sat on the sofa sporting a huge erection.

"No!" She pleaded, "Please, it's too big! Please don't make me sit on it!"

Her meek voice and struggling body were ignored as her legs were lifted either side of the old teacher, who took the opportunity to suck on her breasts.

His cock slid easily at first into her pussy with cum still moistening the entrance, before she felt herself stretching to accommodate the huge member pushing into her wet hole. The lube was being spread generously over her butt hole with Mr Brompton's fingers pushing deeper inside.

"Ever been fucked in the ass?" a voice came from behind her.

"…Ah…N…No…" she replied between breaths, still trying to relax around the huge meat in her pussy. She no longer wanted to be in this situation, but from their reaction to her recent pleas, she had no choice in the matter.

"Mmm…me first!" Mr Geoffries blurted as he lubed up his own dick, "best get plenty of this on before I fuck that virgin hole, don't want too much chafing!" With that he began poking his meat into her bum hole while spreading her cheeks with his hands.

Amy thought she was going to pass out from the double penetration, made worse by the fact that her arse was now being stretched by a teacher's cock. She sat as still as possible, trying to ease the pain of the stretching with Mr Blake's huge cock filling every inch of her pussy and Mr Geoffries seemingly big dick invading her butt.

Mr Fellows and Mr Wells were now at either side and moved her hands for her to wank their dicks. Mr Brompton laughed as he climbed up onto the sofa and poked his dick into her mouth. The dick in her arse was building rhythm as her hole loosened up.

She was starting to have second thoughts if this was what she needed to do to become head cheerleader but the cock in her mouth left no room for disagreement. Besides, these horny men would probably rape her anyway if she stopped. It crossed her mind that 2 had already came, leaving 5 others, 2 of whom seemed close to cumming – therefore she was nearly half way to finishing.

Mr Blake pulled her down tight, impalling her fully on his cock, bringing a tear to her eye.

"Mmm…you hot little slut! I'm guna cum in your tight pussy! Oh…mmm…"

With that, he began to erupt inside her. The feeling put pressure on the cock in her arse, which immediately burst – feeling to Amy like she had a bad case of diahorrea as reams of jizz coated her anal passage.

"Oh fuck! Oh fuck! That's it! Oh your butt's so tight!" Mr Geoffries was slamming relentlessly, bouncing Amy like a rag doll as he filled her rear hole, consequently stuffing more of Mr Brompton's dick into her mouth.

Streams of cum now ran out of her butt and pussy as their cocks began to go limp. She felt empty as they plopped out.

Mr Brompton ordered the teachers not to move her, fascinated by the hot cheerleader hungrily sucking on his meat for the second time in just over a week. He was ignored as hands grabbed Amy roughly by the chest and spun her round onto her back.

Within seconds she made eye contact with her next fuck, Mr Fellows, and he slammed his meat into her young cunt.

"Oh fuck…mmm…" he gasped as his dick disappeared between her open legs.

Mr Brompton followed her face with his cock and squatted over her, filling her mouth once again. Fellows seemed quite small after she had just been stretched by Mr Blake's dick.

"Oh yeah…I'm guna cum deep in your hot little mouth! Mmm…"

His cock was pushing further and further into the back of Amy's throat. She began to back away and sucked harder, trying to make him cum before he could push his way down her food pipe. Her prayers were answered with bursts of warm semen, however, after the first burst, Mr Brompton pulled away but continued pumping his own cock, wanking more jizz over her face.

She heard an angry comment come from Mr Wells, sat beside her wanking at the sight,

"Pull her over her! I want her hot arse on my prick!"

Mr Fellows immediately pulled out and shouted,

"You heard him you slut, stick your arse on his prick!"

Amy didn't move, terrified of another dick potentially damaging her bowels. Mr Hardy and Mr Fellows dragged her to her feet, practically carrying her limp body as she stood with her back to Mr Wells.

"Sit on his fucking cock you little slut or we'll all tie you down and rape your tight fucking arse!"

She didn't want to see if that threat was false and reluctantly began to lean back, allowing Mr Wells to pull her onto his dick, directing himself into her butt.

With one unexpected tug, Wells pulled her right down onto his dick until her bum cheeks touched his stomach.

"Argh! No! No! Please stop!" Amy screamed.

A sudden slap came across her face from Mr Fellows,

"Shut the fuck up bitch! Be a good fucking cheerleader and bounce on his cock!"

He moved towards her trembling body, resuming his previous position as he nudged into her pussy. She was now sat firmly on Wells' pelvis, his cock fully inside her ass. He was groping her tits from behind while squirming under her, trying to get some movement in and out her butt.

"Oh baby, this is one hot cunt! Look me in the eye you little slut!"

Amy's teary eyes looked into Wells',

"Smile! I know you're enjoying having real men take your hot body's holes!"

She half smiled to please the teacher but couldn't hide her grief from her face. The fact that these were the only 2 men that hadn't yet cum comforted her slightly.

"She feels like a sack of fucking spuds! Put some effort in, bitch!" yelled Mr Wells from behind her.

"Yeah, put your feet up on the sofa!" Shouted Fellows.

Amy did as she was told and began bounce on Wells cock while Fellows continued to push into her. The position was causing her to squeeze her arse cheeks and put pressure on the dick roasting her butt,

"Oh fuck…oh…fuck…" Wells blurted. He began pumping aggressively into her arse as he came deep inside her, pummelling his meat into the tight hole.

"Look at her fucking face! She fucking loves it!" Shouted Fellows, "Fucking hot slut, I'm guna cum deep in your hot fucking pussy! Oh fuck…mmm…fuck…"

Wells' orgasm was beginning to subside while Fellows thrust his erupting cock into her wet love hole. A seemingly endless stream of cum gushed into her slit, slurping and slopping over the cock pistoning in and out.

As Wells plopped out she relaxed slightly, thinking it was all over, and looked around the room. She caught a glimpse of the other 5 men wanking their cocks before she was ripped off the sofa and forced onto her knees,

"Come on fellas!" Shouted Geoffries, "This slut wants us to cum all over her pretty face!"

The 4 men followed suit and began wanking as Geoffries face fucked her. He gripped her hair and pulled out, continuing to wank as he sent cum flying onto her face.

"Open your fucking mouth! Taste it" He wiped his cock on her tongue and viciously pulled her head in front of Mr Peters. Within seconds he burst too and wads of cum hit her mouth and nose.

He quickly moved aside to give way to Mr Blake and Mr Hardy as they came in unison. Her face was now covered and cum was dripping onto her breasts as she sat back on her knees waiting for Mr Brompton. She looked into his eyes, seeing a sorry look on his face as he wanked into her mouth.

Amy swallowed the final burst, and sat back, not trying to stop the cum freely dripping from her face over her naked body.

She watched silently as the other teachers left. Mr Brompton dressed and knelt down next to her,

"Im sorry," he said sympathetically, "It was supposed to be a bit of fun but it got severely out of hand. You were supposed to enjoy it too but they turned into animals, I didn't feel I could stop them…Please, please don't tell anyone and I'll make sure nothing like this ever happens again."

Amy looked into his eyes before letting him take her into his arms, oblivious to the cum transferring onto his shirt. She had too much to lose if anyone ever found out...