 I sat there pretending to check my email. What I was really doing was watching the hottie sitting behind the Help Desk trying not to look bored. I'm a college senior. For the last two years, I've come to my university's computer lab and have tried not to stare at the girl who works in here. 

She's not the typical girl that most college guys drool over. She has curly brown hair, brown eyes, and is kind of short.She's the kind of woman who has a few extra pounds on her, but they're in the right places. I looked at the email message in front of me on my computer screen. It was more crap from my friend talking about some the UN or some such bullshit. I usually just delete his email. This time, though, I moved my cursor to the "PRINT" icon and pressed it. The printer behind the help desk hummed as my friends email message was printed up. I didn't want to keep a printed version of the message any more than I wanted to read it, but it would give me the opportunity to talk to the hottie.

I approached the help desk, and smiled as we made eye contact. "Hi, Jake," she said as she grabbed the message that I had printed. 

"Hi, Mandy. It looks like you've had a long day," I said. Damn, she was cute As we chatted, I stared at her perfectly shaped breasts and full lips. I thought about great it would feel to ram my cock deep into her hot, perfect ass. As I left the computer lab with my worthless printed email message, I finally decided that I would ask her out the next day. I had been asking around, according to a friend of a friend who knew her, she was single. What was stopping me?

The next morning, I arrived at the lab hours before my first class of the day. The lab had just opened, and I knew that we would probably be alone again. It was a Friday, and I planned to ask Mandy if she wanted to get together during the weekend. The second I walked into the lab, though, I could tell by the serious look she gave me that something was wrong.

"Jake," she said, "there's something I need to talk to you about."

"Sure, I responded, "what's up?"

"Look here," she said pointing to the screen of the computer she sat in front of. I looked, and that she was logged into my university email account.

"Jake, from time to time we monitor the mail that comes through our system. While we were doing this last night, we found mail in your box with links to several porn sites."

I couldn't believe it! I had always seen the signs around the lab that said that online activity may be monitored, and I knew that if someone was caught downloading porn that they would lose their email account for the rest of the semester. I never in a million years, though, thought that they would catch me. I had signed up for a few porn sites by using my university email address so that I wouldn't have junk mail cluttering my private account. I couldn't believe the invasion of privacy that that the university had perpetrated by reading my email! "So" I croaked through my dry throat, "what's going to happen?"

"Well," Mandy sighed, "you email account with the university is cancelled for at least the end of the semester. Next semester, you can sign up for a new account, but you'll be on probation with the Computer Science Department. That means that your university email, and your online activity here in the lab will be monitored for two months."

"All right," I finally sighed. "If it means anything, I only used my school email address..."

"Jake...." she started.”It doesn't matter to me." She looked up at me and into my eyes. "I do have one question, though."

"What's that?" I ask.

I small smile formed on her lips. "Why would you want to waste your time with that crap when there's a girl right here willing to fuck your brains out?"

I must have looked like an idiot, because I know my jaw must have hit the floor when she said that. She stood up and stared into my eyes.

"You can't tell me that you don't feel the same way. I've caught you staring at my breasts, and I know that you've been asking around to find out if I'm involved with anyone."

I stood there speechless. I honestly didn’t know what to say. I was too shocked to make a sound, but I could feel my cock starting to grow inside of my pants. Mandy put her arms around my neck and kissed me. She thrust her tongue in my mouth, and as we kissed I ran my hands down her body. I stopped at that magnificent ass of hers. I wanted to feel my huge, stiff cock inside of her ass. I wanted to fuck her until she couldn’t walk. 

“Is there a place where we can hide out for a while?” I finally asked.

“There’s a closet where we keep our spare printing supplies,” she said between breaths. She was already starting to breathe heavily. He massive breasts heaved up and down with each breath she took. She grabbed my hand, and we nearly ran the ten feet to the closet. Mandy closed and locked the door behind us, and I nearly shoved her against the wall as I slid my hands inside of her sweater and began to fondle her breasts. I pulled her sweater off and unhooked her bra. Her nipples were pink and had already grown stiff. I squeezed her perfect tits while I enveloped one with my mouth and started to suck.

“Oh, yeah,” she moaned softly, “just like that baby.”

She had unzipped my pants, and was starting to massage my cock. At the same time, she had her pants unzipped and was rubbing her pussy through her panties. I leaned down, and whispered into her ear. “There’ll be people in the lab soon.”

She nodded her head and sighed, “Fuck me now, Jake. I want you inside of me.”

Her panties dropped to the floor, and I started to rub the swollen head of my cock around her wet pussy lips. 

“Oh, don’t tease me, Jake. I want you inside of my right now………”

I rammed my cock inside of her hard. She gasped, and her luscious tits jiggled from the impact. Her back was pressed hard against the wall as I grabbed her hips and started to pump her tight, wet cunt. I slammed into her harder, shoving my cock balls deep into her and feeling her muscles tightening around it. 

“You like that?” I ask. “You’re a bad girl aren’t you?”

“Jake,” she gasps, “oh fuck me Jake! Harder! Oh God! Oh God, Jake!!

My cock felt so good inside of her. My God, it was better than I had ever imagined. I still wanted that perfect, round ass of hers, though. I pulled out of her and spun her around. I bent her over one of the closet’s metal shelves. Her gelatinous tits flatten against the cold metal as I pushed my cock slowly into her asshole.

“Ohhhh, yeah, baby. Deeper,” she cooed. I was surprised at how willing she was to be ass fucked. It almost seemed like she had been anticipating it. With an ass like hers, she had probably been propositioned about it plenty of times.

I started to rock my hips, fucking her tight asshole with a steady rhythm. I started to fuck her harder, shoving my cock deeper into her until my balls were rubbing against her ass. I reached around with one hand and started to finger her pussy while I pumped her ass. Mandy was in heaven, squealing with delight each time I slammed my eight and a half inches into her. 

“I’m going to cum,” she moaned. “Oh God, I going to cum, Jake.”

I fingered her cunt until I felt her warm juices flowing over my hand. With her done, I was ready to shoot my load into her tight little ass. I ran my hands up to her chest and squeezed her big tits while my hot, wet, sticky load shot into her ass. She let out a moan so loud that I hopped that there was no one outside to hear.

I pulled out of her, and looked into her big, brown eyes. “You don’t know how long I’ve wanted to do that to you, Mandy,” I said as I kissed her lips.

“That was great baby,” she replied as she started to nuzzle my neck. “That was the best I’ve ever had. We have to do this again.”

“Are you busy this weekend?” I asked. 

“No.”

“Then, let me give you the address to my apartment.”