 I walked into the lab at 11:20 p.m., where the consultant was nowhere to be found. The phone was ringing insistently, so I answered it and took a message. As there were no terminals available anyway, I took a seat and began to read, waiting for someone to finish up and go home. An attractive man came in, sat at the consultant's desk, and read the memo I'd left.

"Who's J.R.?" he asked.

"That's me."

"Oh. Thanks for taking the message. Something I can help you with?"

"Yeah, I'm going to need an IBM terminal, but they all seem to be occupied right now. Could I please get you to give me a word processing disk in the meantime?"

"Sure, of course."

He gave me the disk, and returned to his work. In the hour that followed, we talked a bit, small talk, and that was all.

Donald was there each night after that at the same time, and he took to doing me favors, such as reserving me a terminal when I knew I wasn't able to, and proof-reading my papers. After a week or so of working through the night with between five and ten other students, we found ourselves alone one night at the early hour of 1:00 a.m. We took frequent coffee breaks to keep the adrenaline flowing, and to keep ourselves interested in the work at hand. Finally, when my research paper was finished, he helped me pick through it with a fine toothed comb before I printed it. 

He was sitting next to me, reading over my shoulder, and then suddenly his mouth was on my ear, kissing and licking and blowing. I resisted at first, but soon became responsive to his expert kisses. With one fluid motion my zip-up sweat suit was off and his hands were on my breasts. Somehow we tumbled to the floor and he told me: "I want to taste you." It took me about three seconds to decide how this scenario would continue, and my pants were around my ankles in about the same time. I soon realized this would be no common act of cunnilingus. In seconds he had me writhing and moaning and responding exactly as he needed me to. My back was arched and my eyes closed as I got the ride of my life. His tongue stroked the insides of my vagina and every so often would sink deep, deep inside. His lips and teeth stimulated my clitoris, until it was actually buzzing with need. His tongue pressed right into the very center of my clitoris and then flickered back and forth until I screamed. He rubbed his face from side to side and sucked hard right on my clit. He wouldn't stop until he could feel that every last quiver had slowly subsided, and my pulse was almost back to normal again. After a few moments to recover, I sat up and pushed him gently onto his back and began undoing his jeans.

"You don't have to...I don't expect you to..." he protested. I assured him that I didn't owe him anything, but that the favor I was about to perform was one of my very favorite hobbies.

I slipped his jeans and boxer shorts off and slowly took his huge dick into my mouth, just to get it wet. I cupped his balls in my hand and squeezed them very gently from time to time. Meanwhile, my other hand was stroking back and forth and my lips were teasing the very tip of his cock. Without warning I took him all into my mouth and swallowed. His dick slipped down my throat and then out again. I didn't have to see his face to know his reactions to my attentions...I heard it in his voice and felt it when his muscles contracted. His hands were in my hair, stroking and caressing as I ate him like an ice cream cone, sliding my warm tongue up and down his cock in circles and spirals. 

Then I lay on my back and invited him to fuck my face from on top. First he knelt by my head and leaned over to stroke and nibble my nipples with his tongue and fingers. I arched my neck so that the angle would be just right and I held his hips and slid him down into my throat, all the way down. He filled my mouth and throat and neck so completely, I was sure my neck was bulging. I held my breath and paced my breathing to catch a breath as he slid in slowly, held himself for an instant and then slid out. It was so easy to just open my mouth and throat and let him fuck my face...it felt so damned good.

He enjoyed this for a while until he could stand it no longer and he exploded in my mouth and on my chin, nose, lips and neck. I stopped for a moment, and then proceeded to lick every bit of cum off his dick. I grabbed my sweatshirt and wiped my face and neck, and looked at him with a big grin on my face. What I saw before me was a quivering mass of man who could barely sit up without assistance. He complimented my skills, to which I replied, "I practice. All the time." By this comment he knew that we would be spending many more nights like this one.