 It was a Friday morning and I was working away in my home office as usual when the phone rang. It was Lizeanne. She was calling me about her computer. Over the years I had become the one Lizeanne called when one of her computers wasn't working. It would either be a virus or a program error or even a hardware failure, but each time I was able to fix the problem.

This time she said that she had discovered porn on her computer but didn't know how to get rid of it. I tried to talk her through clearing the internet temp file but she didn't know what the hell I was talking about. I told her I was going into town and would stop by on my way in.

Lizeanne is about 40 years old, married with 4 children. She is a bit overweight but she's curvy in all the right places. I had often fantasized about having sex with her but nothing ever came of my desires. She's a definite MILF.

When I arrived at her house she met me at the door. She was wearing tight fitting blue jeans, a white blouse and a pullover sweater that clung tightly to her ample tits. I followed her into her office, all the while staring at her ass as she walked down the hall. When we got to the office the computer was on and she showed me the problem. The computer had been infected with a pop-up program that was very pornographic in nature. After some time I was able to remove the program. 

"Listen," she said. "Before you go, I also noticed some graphic pictures in my photo album. Would you be able to get rid of them while you're here?"

"Sure. Let me have a look," I responded. I was a little uncomfortable at the thought of looking a porno pictures while she stood there but I forged on despite my fears.

I went into her pictures file and found a bunch of porn pictures in amongst several others of her family. I had to remove them one by one so as not to remove the keepers. The photos were making me horny. They were mostly of woman in their 30's and 40's in very sexual positions. Some were being fucked while others had cum on their faces and tits. I turned around and noticed that Lizeanne too seemed to be getting aroused. I made some comment that the pictures were pretty graphic and all she did was let out a slight moan. As I was staring at the screen I even thought I noticed a reflection of Lizeanne rubbing her pussy through her tight jeans.

I kept going through the photos when I suddenly came upon one of Lizeanne. She was wearing exactly what she had on today. Then there was another. Only this time her jeans were unzipped. Then another with her sweater off. In the next one her pants were around her ankles and she was standing there in her white lace panties. I turned around to look at Lizeanne but she was gone. I kept looking further. In the next photo Lizeanne was sitting on the other desk in the office with her legs spread wide. I could see wisps of pubic hair poking out of her panties. Her bush was also more visible since her lacies were see through. I didn't know what to do. Should I remove the photos or simply pretend that I hadn't seem them.

I turned around again to go and look for Lizeanne and to my surprise I found her. She was sitting on the desk with her jeans off and her legs spread wide just like the picture. 

"Did you like my pictures?" she asked me breathlessly. 

"Uh, yea," I stammered, "you look even sexier than I had imagined.

"You mean you've been thinking of me too?" she asked. "Cause I often masturbate to thoughts of you and I engaged in wild and hard-core sex."

For a moment I was speechless. Then I spoke up. 

"Did you stage this whole event just to see my reaction?" She nodded yes. "Perhaps we could continue on where the photos left off," she panted. It was my turn to nod yes.

Then, without hesitation, she pulled aside the material of her panties to expose her hairy and juicy cunt. Her pussy lips were slightly parted in a slutty way and her clit was hard and noticeable. With her other hand she stroked her wet slit several times, occasionally allowing her finger to slip inside up to her knuckle. When she pulled it out she licked off her own juices with her long and sexy tongue. That was my cue. I got down on my knees and let my own tongue roam up the length of her legs. 

"Please lick my pussy," she begged, but I hesitated enough to see her squirm in uncontrolled lust. Then I very gently stuck out my tongue and licked her cunt from the very bottom right up to the top. Her whole body shuddered as I worked my mouth over her outer lips and her hard and sensitive clit. I flicked it several times with my tongue while letting my finger ease into her hot and inviting slit. 

"Your pussy juices are fantastic. They're all I had hoped for," I said.

"Oh my god," she shrieked, "your tongue is sending chills up my spine. If you keep that up I'm going to cum all over your face."

I continued to lick her pussy until I felt her body start to tremble. Then, as if a plug had been pulled, Lizeanne flooded my face with a tremendous river of sweet tasting cum. I scooped up some of her juices from her gaping pussy and held them to her mouth. She licked them off my fingers with wanton abandon. 

Lizeanne looked completely spent but I was harder than steel and ready for some relief of my own. She pushed me away from her pussy.

"Stand up," she commanded, "and get your pants off." She quickly undid my jeans and pulled them down to my ankles along with my underwear. My cock sprang forth much to her delight and she grabbed it lovingly with both hands. She worked her hands in a pulling motion, one after the other, along the length of my shaft. It felt amazing. Then she slipped off of the desk and got on her knees. She opened her luscious red lips and guided my hard-on straight into her mouth. Her tongue lapped around the head of my prick as her hand stroked up and down my shaft. She massaged my balls while she sucked and licked my saliva covered cock.

"That's right Lizzie, suck my cock. Let me feel your tongue swirl around my head," I begged. 

While she was giving me one of the best blowjob of my life her other hand was tucked inside her lace panties rubbing her pussy to the same rhythm as the hand on my cock. Lizeanne was incredible. She would suck my cock against the inside of her cheeks. As they collapsed from the sucking action, her cheeks would envelope my prick like a warm wet blanket. She would suck so hard that I could feel my cock pulsate in her mouth.

While she was working me to the brink of orgasm I reached down and started to undo her blouse. I couldn't get all the buttons without pulling out of her mouth but I managed to expose her white lace bra that was a perfect match for the panties she was wearing. I then pulled down the cups of her bra to let her tits pop out of their restraint. Her boobs were fantastic. They jiggled as she worked on my prick. Her nipples were dark brown and hard. They excitedly stood erect at about a half an inch in length. I played with them as best I could without forcing her to miss a beat.

After about 10 or 15 minutes the excitement of the situation was starting to take its toll on me and I couldn't hold back any longer. 

"I'm gonna cum," I screamed as I let go a huge load of cum that splattered her face and landed on her tits. To add even further to my fantasy she scooped up some of my cum from her boob and licked it off her fingers with her lovely long tongue. For the moment, I was spent.

Lizeanne slipped back up onto the desk. 

"Rip off my panties," she begged. "They're soaked right through from all my pussy juice."

I hooked a finger in each side and gently tugged them off of her pussy and slipped them down her long and shapely legs. I wanted to fuck her in the worst way but I needed some time to regain my hard-on. In the interim I focused my attention on her.

First I finished unbuttoning her blouse and tossed it on the floor. Next came her bra. I reached around behind her back like I was hugging her. Her magnificent breasts pressed against my bare chest. They were warm and sweaty and sticky from my previous explosion. The feeling was mind-blowing. I had her lean back on her elbows so I could suck her nipples between my lips. I bit them gently and tugged at them with passion. She was writhing under my touch in complete ecstasy. I let one of my hands wander down her stomach until it rested at the entrance to her aching slit. I carefully took her clit between my fingers and rubbed it around and around. Lizeanne started to buck her hips. 

"I can't believe how good you feel," she panted. "If you keep that up I'm going to cum again. I never knew I had so much juice in me."

She sat back up and pushed my head down to her open pussy. With her hands on the back of my head she pulled me into her hot and juicy cunt. My tongue leapt out of my mouth in anticipation of tasting her again. When I stuck my tongue in this time, it was different. Her pussy was full of her own juices and I licked them up like a dripping popsicle. My hands reached up and continued to pinch and play with her nipples while my mouth worked its magic. In no time at all Lizeanne clenched her muscles and had another unbelievable orgasm. She wiped the sweat from her brow and fell back onto her elbows. She was exhausted.

By now my cock was rock hard again and I was ready to fuck her with unleashed abandon. I positioned the head of my prick right against her opening and carefully rubbed it up and down her slit. Lizeanne tried to slide forward to engulf my rigid pole but the sweat on her beautiful ass was keeping her stuck to the desk. This allowed me to tease her and stay in control of the situation.

"Fuck me already," she yelled. "Don't make me wait any longer. I need to have your hard cock in my juicy pussy right now." 

After working her into a lather I gently slid the head of my cock into her pussy. I just nudged it in about an inch and then I pulled it out. I kept going in and out like this until I too couldn't play the game any longer. I thrust my entire length into her cunt until my balls slapped against her ass cheeks.

Lizeanne moved her hips up and down to keep pace with my every thrusts. I could hear her ass slapping against the desk as I pistoned in and out of her warm and inviting cunt.

"Oh my god, your cock feels so hard," she cooed. "I wish we started doing this years ago."

"Maybe the anticipation has made the whole experience more hardcore," I replied while fucking her with all I had. "I always knew your pussy would feel this good."

"I want you to fuck me from behind," she asked. I was only yo happy to comply.

After fucking her in this position for a long time, I pulled out of her slit and flipped her onto her stomach. Her tits were pressed up against the desk top while her ass was pointed straight into the air. I moved in behind her and mounted her pussy doggy-style. My cock slid right into to her well lubricated hole which seemed all the tighter from closeness of her thighs.

I was thinking about cumming all over her beautiful ass but Lizeanne had other ideas.

"Nest time you cum," she begged, "I want you to flood my mouth with your goodness."

"Whatever you ask," I responded.

As my thrusts increased, Lizeanne leaned up on her elbows and massaged her achingly luscious tits. She even managed to wrap her lips around her nipples. The sight of her sucking her own tits sent me over the edge.

"Flip over," I yelled, "I'm gonna cum again."

Lizeanne got down and her knees and took hold of my throbbing cock. She pumped it with her hand while aiming it straight into her mouth. I couldn't hold back any longer.

"Here it comes," I panted. 

Just as I gave her my warning my cock exploded with a torrent of cum. The first couple of spurts landed on her tongue while the ones that followed went all over her face and into her hair. When I was through she was covered in sticky oozing cum that was dripping onto her tits and the floor. Lizeanne spread open her legs and let the cum in her mouth drip down onto her pussy that she held open with one hand. It was the most erotic sight I had ever witnessed. Lizeanne was a sex goddess and it was my cum that was all over her gorgeous body.

Lizeanne got up off the floor and suggested that we take a shower together. She led me hand in hand down the hall and up the stairs. I'd like to take the time to tell you what happened in the shower, but I'll leave that for another day.