 *For those who have been following any of my stories, you may have noticed a penchant for public nudity, exhibitionism, nudism, and so forth. That is and will always be my first and foremost genre. This story is a change of pace. I'm going outside my zone and I'm writing a different kind of story. This is my first drawn-out sex scene.. Check it out and let me know what you think. Thanks for reading.

Barry and Jim spent Friday night shooting pool. Their girlfriends, Megan and Becky, went for the music and the atmosphere. Jim couldn't help but notice Megan, Barry's girl. He met her a few times but he never really got to know her. She stood in stark difference to Becky. Jim was never a party-animal and the few girls he dated were what most considered prim. Becky was wearing a long, dark cotton dress with sleeves. She could have passed for Amish. She sat hugging the wall, sipping her fruity cocktail.

Megan was a different story. She wore a tiny denim skirt and a small halter top that showed plenty of cleavage. She was a bigger girl, round and soft, but she wasn't shy about showing skin and her confidence attracted many people. She was quick with a smile and a witticism, where Becky frowned and rolled her eyes.

Jim was looking to break when Barry tapped him with the cue. 

"Hey, how are you and Becky doing?" Barry asked.

"Okay. We're having fun," Jim said, looking at Becky, ass-in-seat. Megan was gyrating in front of her, giving her a half-assed lap-dance. Becky looked pissed. "Yeah, fun, she's not too outgoing, but she's okay."

"You get some pussy yet?" Barry asked.

"No," Jim replied. "It's been only four months and I'm not pushing for it. You know I'm not really aggressive or experienced."

"It's not you," Barry said, "You just pick the wrong ones. See? That one's a right one."

He pointed at Megan, who climbed a chair to dance. Her skirt didn't even reach midthigh. Jim noted she had dark blue panties. Their waiter moseyed over and offered a hand to Megan, shaking his head. He said something that couldn't be heard over the music and she replied. He laughed hard and motioned with his hand a second time. Jim and Barry moved in to make sure things were okay. Megan took the waiter's hand and jumped down. Her shoe caught the edge of the chair and she fell into his chest. 

"Whoa! Good thing you're strong! I might have knocked you over." Her hands wandered down to his stomach, groping for a second. "Nice abs! You think that six pack of yours can deliver another pitcher to us?"

The waiter smiled and nodded. "Be right back," he said.

"C'mon, Jim, your shot," Barry said.

"Hey, if I sink the 3-ball and bury the 8, you buy the pitcher. Deal?"

"Sure thing, I'm game," Barry replied. He turned, whistled at Megan, and nodded toward the table. Becky glared daggers as Megan sauntered over, hips swaying. She stood at the pocket Jim was aiming at. She bent over at the waist, generous portions of her tits spilling over her bra and out her loose halter top. Jim took a second to enjoy the view, then hit his shot.

"I'm going to the bathroom!" Becky announced to the world. She stood and stalked off.

Jim calculated his next shot and took his position. Megan appeared at his side, her mouth inches from his ear.

"I'm glad she's gone," Megan breathed, "Now I can really distract you."

He jerked as her hand landed on his hip and slid to his leg. She started rubbing his upper thigh through his pants. 

"You like to get your cock sucked, Jim? Because I love to give head. You want your dick in my mouth? I take it all and I swallow every drop of cum."

Jim took his shot. The clunk of the 8 ball finding the bottom of the pocket was satisfying. Megan shrugged at Barry.

"Hell, I tried," she said.

Barry laughed. "I thought it was going to work. Unlucky, babe, but good effort."

Megan's eyes glanced at the crotch of Jim's pants. She smiled brightly.

"It did work," she said.

They left an hour later. In the parking lot, Megan was pressing her body against Barry.

"Baby, I'm so hot. Dancing makes me want to fuck."

Becky, loosely holding Jim's hand, snorted. Barry grinned.

"I gotta take care of business, man. I'll see you Monday night, right?"

As soon as the couple left, Becky tore into Megan. "I don't know why I let you take me out with them. That girl only talks about sex, she doesn't wear appropriate clothes, and she has no self-respect. She's disgusting!"

"She's smart, she earns high grades, and she's friendly," Jim said.

"No, she's slutty and an attention whore."

Jim changed the topic. "They went home to have sex. Are you interested in something like that?"

"No. I like how our relationship is developing and I don't want to rush it."

"Well," Jim pressed, "I have some important tests next week and I'm getting anxious. How about a blowjob or something?"

Becky colored and looked vaguely insulted. "You want that? It's degrading and gross. A penis doesn't belong in a person's mouth. Yuck."

Jim figured a handjob was out. They rode home in silence. Five minutes later, he received his chaste kiss on the cheek and went home frustrated.

Monday night was NCAA '08 football night for Barry and Jim. They played video games once every week for the past six years. It was as close as male bonding came. Jim walked in the door as Barry threw the phone at him. Without thinking, Jim's hands came up and caught the phone. 

"You be glad I wasn't carrying anything, or I would have smashed that Motorola crap you use."

Barry laughed. "You suck at the video game version, but you got the softest hands of anyone I know. You would have caught it while juggling chainsaws. Now order us some take-out."

Megan entered the room wearing a huge, pink fluffy bathrobe. 

"Hi, Jim," she said brightly, "Did I hear you have soft hands? That's provocative."

Jim smiled at her, dialing the phone number.

"So, seriously, you okay, man?" Barry asked. "You aren't your usual bouncy and excited self."

"I have a few major tests tomorrow and Wednesday. I'm studied up and prepared for them, but it's still stressful thinking about it, you know?"

"Hey," Megan interrupted, "I'm taking a shower. Do either of you have to use the bathroom?"

Both guys shook their heads. She walked in and shut the door. Seconds later, the faucet kicked on. For twenty minutes the hot water held out. Jim started to squirm, after knocking down several beers.

"Man, I gotta piss."

"Of course you wait until she's in the shower," Barry said.

"Huh?"

"You'll see."

Jim knocked on the door.

"Jim or Barry?" Megan's voice came through the door and over the sound of the water.

"Jim."

"Can you wait another ten?" Megan asked.

"No. Seriously, I'm going to burst."

"Okay, c'mon in, but no peeking."

Jim turned the handle and opened the door. He immediately realized what Barry was talking about. The shower didn't have a curtain. Instead, it was fogged glass. He could easily make out Megan's body, but no extra details. He used the toilet, took on quick glance at her fuzzy outline, and went back out into the living room.

Barry leered at him as he took his seat. "Nice view, huh?"

"She's a bit of a show-off, I think," Jim said.

"Yeah, she loves her body and would share it with the world. I like that confidence," Barry replied.

Five minutes later, the shower cut out and Megan emerged in the bathrobe, her hair wrapped in a pink fuzzy towel. She detoured behind Jim and Barry and the tv. The doorbell rang as she was walking towards the bedroom.

"Honey, can you pay the pizza guy? And don't forget to tip him," Barry said.

"Of course not," Megan said. She grabbed the money off the end table and went to answer the door. Barry smiled at Jim, conspiracy all over his face. He paused the game and nodded towards the door. Megan opened it and took the pizza from the delivery man, a balding, overweight guy past his prime. They exchanged brief pleasantries and she gave him the cash. He turned to leave and she stopped him.

"Hey," Megan said.

The guy turned back. Megan pulled her bathrobe wide open and off her shoulders. The collar and top hung down to her midriff, giving Jim and Barry an unobstructed view of her back. Jim could see the sides of her tits from behind her. The pizza guy's eyes immediately dropped to her body. His breathing went ragged. Megan continued to hold her robe open, exposing herself for a full 10 seconds before slowly wrapping it around her. The pizza guy looked at her face, out of breath, and walked away dazed.

"Nice," Barry said. He turned to Jim. "See, we're new to this pizza place. Megan just ensured we'll get expedient delivery forever."

Megan shrugged. "Just trying to help."

Jim got bold. "It's too bad I missed the show."

Megan laughed. "Maybe you'll get your chance." She strode into the bedroom and shut the door behind her.

"That doesn't bother you?" Jim asked Barry.

"No. It's her body, not mine. And you can't be jealous at every little thing in life, man. It doesn't make for a good time. I'm comfortable with who I am and who she is, so I can blow off anything, you know?"

Barry won the game, 35-14. They reset and started in on the pizza. Megan came out of the bedroom wearing a t-shirt and shorts. She sat on the couch and watched them play. Jim tried not to stare. She wasn't wearing a bra.

"So," Barry said, "You still anxious about your tests?"

"Yeah," Jim replied, "I'm trying to relax but stay focused."

"Get Becky to bang you," Megan said. "That should be something to calm you down."

"She doesn't want to move too fast. It's been a few months and she won't have sex yet. She doesn't want a relationship that's purely physical," Jim said.

"Sex is important to a relationship," Barry said.

"I know," Jim said, "I'm going nuts."

"She blows you, at least, right?" asked Megan.

"Honestly, and I've never told this to anyone, I've never gotten a blowjob."

Barry looked shocked. "What? You're kidding!"

"No, sir. I've dated three girls. One was like two weeks and nothing ever happened. The other one had sex with me a few times, but she refused to give oral. Becky apparently is the same, for what she said over the weekend. I'll quote: "Ewww."

Megan looked hurt. "That's terrible. I feel so bad for you."

Barry laughed. "Bad enough to help him out?"

"What? Uh, I don't think so. I mean, Jim is a great guy, but that's not something you'd be comfortable with, is it?" She looked at Barry, frowning.

"Well," Barry replied, "It wouldn't mean anything and my buddy could use some, uh, assistance."

Jim stood up. "No, thanks. I'm cool. I ought to be going anyway. I need to do a little more reading and get ready for tomorrow."

"Whoa there, young stud," Barry said, "We're not done here. Sure, I got the ball, I'm up by one, and there are less then two minutes. That doesn't mean you can just head on out because you're afraid to lose. Besides, we still have half a pie to chew on here."

"I always lose to you," Jim said. "That's where my perserverance kicks in. It's never bothered me."

Barry winked at Jim and turned to Megan. "Baby, how's this? If Jim can do the unthinkable and beat me here, you calm his nerves and jerk him off real quick."

Megan frowned again. "Becky should really be the one taking care of that. It's like her duty. But, since she doesn't, I'm insulted. Jim's a good guy and any girl would want a chance with him. And since you never lose... You know what? I'm in. I'll do it."

Jim protested. "No, it's really okay. I mean, I appreciate the sentiment, but I don't want to mess up your relationship. I can take care of myself, but thanks anyway."

Barry smiled. "She said yes. Too late, my friend. Anyway, I'm good, so you won't be beating me."

Barry was so good he forced three passes into heavy coverage. The last throw went for a pick. 80 seconds later, Jim was lining up the field goal unit as time was expiring. The video game announcers called the play.

"Here's the attempt for the win. The kick is up. It's good!"

Jim watched orange-clad football players celebrating onscreen as "Rocky Top" played. He looked at Barry, who was getting up off the couch.

"I'd hate to get in the way, so I'm going to go sit on the picnic table outside and have a smoke or two." In a flash, Barry was out the door. Jim was left alone with Megan.

"Uh, Megan, you know you don't have to go through with this."

Megan smiled warmly. "I know, that's why I kind of want to. Anyway, I like you. You're a good guy and you deserve better then Becky. She's a prude."

She walked over to where Jim was sitting and pulled him to his feet.

"No kissing," she said, "otherwise, you can touch all you like."

Jim backed away a step. "Really, I won't insist you do this. It's not a big deal. I don't want Barry to be pissed at either of us."

"Don't worry, Jim," Megan said, "I don't know football, but I'm sure Barry lost on purpose. I've said more then once to him that I think you're hot. He's giving me a chance to see what happens. Here, let's get that shirt off."

Jim put his hands up and Megan pulled the shirt off over his head. Her hands ran up and down his torso and across his chest. 

"You are hot. You spend time on your body and Becky won't appreciate it. If I were your girlfriend, I'd fuck you every day."

She gazed in his eyes as her hands slipped down to his waist. In moments, his belt was unbuckled and his fly unzipped. Megan lightly raked his lower stomach with her nails. He jerked at the touch.

"You're shaking a little, Jim," she said with concern, "Are you uncomfortable?"

"I, uh, don't have a lot of experience. I don't want to humiliate myself."

"Don't think or do anything, okay? I'll take care of you. In fact, your body's already doing the right thing."

Megan lightly pressed against his crotch with the palm of her hand. His dick was hardening quickly. He jolted at the touch.

"It's okay," Megan said quietly, "Just breathe for me. I'm going to take off your shorts now."

She eased his khakis over his hips and down his legs. She leaned over and pulled each foot out of its pantleg. She stood back up. Her hands rubbed his thighs and she eyed him from head to toe.

"You know, I don't see you have nearly as much beer as Barry does. If it has this effect on him, I'm revoking his drinking priviledges. Here, would you please take my shirt off?"

Megan turned around and put her back to him. Her ass grinded into his crotch. She took his hands in hers and moved them to the hem of her shirt. She eased the shirt up, one inch at a time. The bottom was almost to her tits and she put her hands straight up in the air. Jim pulled the shirt up and over her tits. He watched them pop into view while looking over her shoulder. The shirt went up and off her body. Megan lowered her arms and took his hands again. She moved them around her sides to the front of her body, cupping her. Jim's hands gently squeezed and felt her tits. His head started to swim.

Megan stood, hands on hips, allowing Jim to fondle her. She loved being touched and his too-gentle and too-uncertain groping was turning her on. She spun in his arms and hugged him tightly, crushing her tits against his chest. Then she started to slide down his body. She ended up on her knees, her face in front of his straining underwear. She pulled down on his boxers and slid them to the floor.

He wasn't huge or overwhelming, but Megan thought Jim had a nice-looking cock. It was smooth and pulsing. She cupped his balls and wrapped her other hand around his dick. She stroked it lightly while giving his nuts soft squeezes. Jim's hips swayed in response. His hands stroked and pinched her nipples. Megan felt her pussy moisten. 

She took her hands off him. Jim, thinking something went wrong, took a step back and looked at her, confusion in his eyes.

"No, everything's okay. I know it wasn't in the bet, but I want to give you your first blowjob."

Jim panicked, "No, no. That's okay. I'm fine with just a handjob. In fact, that's too much. I should go."

In response, Megan moved closer to Jim's crotch. He watched, spellbound, as she took the head of his cock in her mouth. She looked up at him and ran her tongue back and forth on the underside of his dick. He gasped as her hands grabbed his ass and pulled him deeper into her mouth. Jim watched his entire cock disappear down Megan's throat. He felt the tip of her tongue caressing his balls. Megan's head bobbed up and down ever so slightly. Jim's hips bucked as she started sucking his dick. 

"Oh, my god," he said.

Megan backed off and pulled her mouth off his dick. She smiled at him. Her focus went back to his crotch and she started licking his balls. She ran her hand up and down his dick, barely making contact. His sack disappeared into her mouth and she sucked. She pulled her mouth off and his nuts popped out with a wet 'plop.' She looked up and grinned. Jim's gaze was slightly out of focus.

Megan straightened herself in front of him again. She opened her mouth and put her tongue under the very tip of Jim's dick and sat quietly. He looked at her, confused. She reached up and pulled his hips towards her, moving his dick into her mouth. She saw the lightbulb go on in his head and he started to pump his hips, fucking her mouth. He kept going in only halfway. Megan pulled on his hips again, forcing him deep into her mouth. Jim thrusted harder and pushed his down her throat. She sucked greedily, making him work to pull out of her mouth.

Megan let him pound away for a minute before pushing hard against his stomach. He fell onto the couch. She chased after him and put her head in his lap, devouring his dick again. Jim, more confident, plunged his hands into her hair, wrapping it around his fists. He pulled her head down onto his cock, feeling his balls start to tingle.

Megan, used to rough sex, had two free hands. She pulled her shorts off and started rubbing her clit. Pleasure ran through her body as she fingered herself. She was soaking wet. 

'I want to fuck him,' she thought to herself.

Jim was all but pushing on the back of her head. Megan let him use her mouth an extra few moments, then pinched his calf.

"Ah! What the heck?"

She smiled. Even with that, he didn't swear. What a cute kid.

"Shut up," Megan said. She pushed his legs together and kneeled on the couch. She grabbed his dick and lowered herself. Bliss washed over his face as his cock was engulfed by warm pussy. Unhurriedly, she pumped her hips back and forth, working the cock inside her. She braced herself with one hand and reached for his balls with her other. Jim was delirious.

"I love having your cock in me, Jim. It feels so good. You make me so wet. That's right, baby, fuck my tight pussy."

Jim started to stiffen. 

"That's right, baby. I want you to cum in me." She stopped rocking her body and started to bounce in his lap, sliding up and down his cock. Jim's hands were on her hips, forcing her body up and down. He grunted, then gasped, his whole body surging upwards. Megan could feel his cum in her. She pulled herself off him and went to the bathroom to clean up. She came back out a minute later and found him dazed, still lying on the couch, their juices still on his crotch. Megan cleaned him with her washcloth and sat next to him, a towel wrapped around her body.

"So, how was your sex?" she asked.

He looked at her and grinned.

"Amazing, thanks. And tell Barry I said thanks, too. I'm much more relaxed now. I think I'm ready for that test. Did you cum?"

Megan shook her head. 

"No, but that's fine. It was about you, not me. Anyway, I have laundry to do and I need to go food shopping. Whenever you're ready, let Barry know we're done. I'm sure he'll love to hear all about it from me tonight."

"Megan, seriously, thanks."
