 Sitting next to me in the dark booth Sarah was enticing in every way. She had traded in her Cinnabar for a lovely scent of jasmine, a subtle enhancement to her beauty. Her shiny jet black hair framed a smooth white complexion and a straight nose and flashing blue eyes creating a model picture that was breathtaking. Sometimes I looked at her and my breath really was taken away. What she saw in me I'll never know but I wasn't going to question it. After our last meeting at her house when I had challenged her a bit knowing that a little discipline was something that turned her on I had the feeling we were on a new level. We were pushing soft aggression back and forth finding an equilibrium, a way of both getting what we wanted while maintaining some personal control. Sometimes one of us would relinquish the control, sometimes the other. It was never complete and never permanent, always a pendulum and neither one of us really knew which way it would be on our next meeting. It is one of the treasures of a new relationship and one of the things the two of us happened to be good at.

She was absolutely edible tonight. She had on a white button up long sleeved shirt with her sleeves rolled up and a nice cleavage showing. Combined with a tight red skirt her her attributes were obvious and intended to motivate me towards a night of either sex or torment. I was going for the former. Sarah was not much of a tease, at least not with me and not so far without a payoff. We both loved the ride too much to be satisfied with game playing and no end.

"The computer runs perfectly," she said, in reference to her PC that I had just reloaded. "How are we doing on the payment plan?"

"Well I'd say that you've caught up with the basic backup and reload and all things considered I think I'll comp the delivery but there is the matter of installing all of the other software", I said in a business tone of voice. "We usually charge half an hour per piece of software and I reloaded three if my memory serves me well. So you've got a little more to pay off."

"The tough businessman speaks," she said with a chuckle. "Suppose we were to make some inroads to that payment. I hate being behind." 

And with that she started running her fingernails up the inside of my thigh. They lightly stroked up and down, closer closer to my crotch. My pants were fairly thin and I felt her long manicured nails sharply as they teased me. She continued up to scratch gently up the inside of my thigh until arriving at my crotch where she toyed with my balls. It was heaven and any focus I had on the restaurant was quickly falling away. The booth did its job and no one who was not standing right at the table could see what Sarah was doing. That was fortunate as she followed the line from my balls up until she was stroking my very hard cock. 

"Well, seems like we are in business here", she said with a smile.

"Mmm, yeah," I kind of choked back. "Turnabout, fair play?" And with that I put my hand on the inside of her leg.

"I hope so," she said with a grin. "Don't let me stop you."

So, I didn't. Slowly I slid my hand up her leg with the hem of her skirt proceeding it. She opened her legs a bit inviting me further and I could feel the heat from her pussy. I found out why it was so warm when I touched the beginnings of hair. She had no panties on and obviously enjoyed watching me discover that. I softly stroked the hair and the lips beneath and got an intake of breath from her for my troubles. With a little more pressure I could feel the beginnings of dampness that indicated I was doing something right. I pushed further and was able to insert my index finger up to the first knuckle, then the second and I began to move it in and out slowly fucking her with my finger while sliding my thumb in circles on the clit above.

"Oh, my god, that feel wonderful," she whispered. "I wish you could feel how wonderful it is to have you inside me."

"I'll have to settle for feeling how wonderful it is to be inside you," I said. And lowering my voice a bit, "I would really like to do that right now. I'd like to fuck you, Sarah. Bend you over or lift you up and get my cock as deep in you as I can manage."

"Oh, yeah... mmff... mmm," that last after a particularly deep thrust of my finger. "Suppose we could do that now? Like right now?," she said with a raspy voice while giving my cock a particular meaningful squeeze. 

"Well, if you don't mind the surrounds, I think I need to go to the bathroom."

"Your place or mine?" she said with a grin.

"Having seen mine I'd suggest yours. Go ahead there, scout. I'll be right behind."

And with that she left the booth adjusting her skirt with a backwards glance and headed towards the bathroom. I pulled out my shirt tail for best effect at hiding a definitely engorged cock then I headed the same way as Sarah first swinging by where I saw our waitress, "We will be right back." I tilted my head towards the bathrooms meaningfully. She nodded and went back to what she was doing hardly registering me at all.

I walked slowly up the corridor towards the bathrooms hoping that no one would be about. It was quiet. As I walked past the Woman's room door it opened and Sarah reached out and grabbed my arm pulling me in. She shoved me towards the last stall and once there pushed me against the wall and kissed me hard on the lips. "Jesus, would you fuck me now!," she hissed. And with that she unzipped my pants and pulled my rigid shaft out.

Needing little more incentive I grabbed the hem of her skirt, slid it up until I had my hands under her butt, then lifted that while pushing her against her side of the stall. She crashed into it and lifted her feet to brace on the opposite side. I slid into her pussy with the first thrust and continued to push in and out of her with all the force I could muster while she was doing all she could to magnify that force. Her back was to the side of the stall and her feet were pushed up against the opposite wall. The good part of that was that she was supporting part of her weight on her feet. The bad part is I was afraid we'd knock down the stall.

"Wait, wait," I croaked as I slowed and then stopped fucking her. "We're going to knock this whole thing down."

With that I eased her down and we rotated so her back was against the wall. I opened her top and slid down the bra on both sides releasing her magnificent breasts. Taking one into my mouth I grazed my teeth along it and pinched the other.

"Aaaaaaaaaa," she exclaimed a little louder that I would have liked. "Just fuck me, I'm already going to come!"

Again I lifted her and impaled her on my cock ramming into her using the solid wall as a brace. My thrusts continued gaining in intensity into her hot, wet pussy. She began to moan again and I could feel her tense as she began to reach her orgasm.

"Oh, oh, yeah.. Jesus..," she cried out then just began making animal grunts as I slammed into her. "Now, now.. I'm coming.. come with me, Mark. Come on baby, shoot, I want to feel you come in me..". And her moans increased as we both came and I could feel the ripple of her cunt muscles gripping my cock and milking it. I was deep inside her and all I could hear was our ragged breath as we stood shuddering together in our mutual orgasm. Slowly we came back down and I lowered her to the floor my cock slipping out covered with our juices. She bent over and took it in her mouth sliding down so the entire length was in and slowly moving back cleaning it off as she did. It was the sexiest thing I had seen in a long time. 

"Mmmmm... we taste good," she said, licking her lips.

I reached down between her legs, dipped my finger into her and popped it into my mouth tasting her sweet nectar and the salt of my contribution.

"I agree," I said and kissed her, again combining our fluids. "Whew, that was amazing."

"I guess we should get back to our table before the send the restaurant police," she said with a grin.

A few moments of cleaning her up, straightening clothes, and checking to see if we were presentable, then we kind of fell out of the stall and right in front of this very cute petite blond who was standing at the mirror grinning. My first thought was, really, a pixie. I don't think she was five feet tall and proportioned for that height but with strong shoulders, a gymnast type.

"Well, if it isn't Sarah," she said laughing.

Sarah stopped short and looked startled. "Kristin," was all she managed. The first time I had seen her embarrassed.

"I'm envious," the blond said. "Sounded like you two were working pretty well together. I love it. How great to see you!"

And with that she threw her arms around Sarah's neck and hugged her. 

Hugging her back Sarah said, "It is good to see you too Kristin. It's been a long time."

Looking around at me she said, "Kristin I'd like you to meet Mark. Mark, Kristin."

"Ah," I stammered, "n..nice.. to meet you." Great. Smooth. My face was already red from being caught in flagrante delicto, as it were, and it was only getting worse.

"Ohh, you're a verbal one," Kristin said with a sarcastic smile. "From the look on Sarah's face any lack of verbal skills don't seem to bother her much."

"He compensates well," Sara said. "It's only a minor disability."

"Well, you kids have fun," Kristin laughed. "It doesn't look like you need much encouragement in that, though." And with that she walked out of the room.

Sarah and I just looked at each other and laughed. 

"A good friend of mine I've not seen in a few years," Sara finally said.

"Well, I guess we're all close now," I said. And with that we returned to the restaurant where the balance of the evening was subdued. As I had an early morning ahead of me I dropped Sarah off with a passionate and promising kiss. 

"I'll call you," she said as she wiggled fingers goodbye.

A week later it happened to be my birthday and I was working, as usual. At my desk cleaning up the previous day's Quickbooks mess, I received a ping that there was a text message on my phone. I picked it up and saw it was Sarah. Smiling I opened it.

"I've sent you a birthday present," the note said. "You will know it is from me if it has a red ribbon on it. Enjoy and Happy Birthday!!"

Well, that is interesting. I was about to return the text when there was a knock on my door.

"Come in," I said loud enough to be heard through the door. 

And in walked Kristin. I'd not seen or heard from her since that night the previous week and was really kind of embarrassed still at how she had walked in on Sarah and me.

She was smiling but didn't say anything. She walked up to me and I turned my chair towards her. It was at this point that I saw the most obvious thing in the room and my mouth dropped open. She had a red ribbon around her neck.

"Happy Birthday," she said with a really big smile. "Should I unwrap your present now?"

I was kind of babbling so I guess she decided to just go on the offensive. Stopping in front of me and looking deeply into my eyes she slowly and sensuously pulled down her shorts and kicked off her sandals. She had no panties so she was dressed in a red ribbon, a light nearly transparent shirt that showed her small breasts with hardened nipples, and the blonde hair between her legs. Without another word she stepped towards me. Putting her hands on my shoulders and her left foot on my upper thigh she gracefully pulled herself up and by placing her other foot on my opposite thigh was standing on me.

She was so light it was not at all uncomfortable to have her standing on my quads but even the slightest discomfort vanished when she finished standing upright the result of which put her pussy at eye level, her trim blond thatch right in front of me. And even that sight was forgotten when she leaned forward, forcing my head back so that I was looking up, then lowered the lips of her pussy onto my mouth and willing tongue. It was an exceptionally powerful and sexy thing to do but I somehow lost track of the implications as I was enveloped in her equally powerful and intoxicating scent. After a minute her juices were flowing over my mouth and then down my chin. Jesus she was hot!

She gently moved against my tongue getting pressure friction where she wanted it while moaning softly. The volume of her moans increased until I was glad that my door was solid so the rest of the shop could not easily hear. Kristin was now building up louder series of moans as she headed to an orgasm. I ran my hands up her solid thighs to the sculpted cheeks of her petite ass then down between her legs so that I could redouble the effect of my tongue by penetrating her with first one finger then two moving them in an out as directed by her moans. Suddenly she tensed and I could tell she was holding back a much louder sound (for which I was grateful) as she ground into my mouth and fingers and flooded me with her juices trembling in the throes of her climax. She clenched my head in her hands and held me against her while the spasms passed. Slowly she relaxed the pressure and moved back. 

Looking down at me she said, "Ummm.. that was wonderful," she said. "I really needed that."

"Well, I'm glad I could accommodate you."

Looking down between her feet she said, "Your turn birthday boy. Mmmm... why don't you get that bad boy out and let's see if we can make him happy."

I managed to unzip my pants and wrangle my cock out.

"Hold it up," she said, still looking down.

I did as instructed and she moved her hands to the arms of the chair. Then she took all the weight off her feet and slowly slid them out resulting in the descent of her pussy down directly towards my cock. Like lowering a handstand on the parallel bars she held herself on the chair controlling the movement so that it was smooth and tantalizingly slow. It was the most erotic thing I had ever seen as she lowered herself until she was completely impaled on my cock . 

"Oh, yeah," she took the words right out of my mouth. "That's just right."

I could not have agreed more.

She sat still for a bit and then began to slowly raise herself up until she was almost clear of my cock and then slowly lower herself back down. Her shoulder and arm muscles flexed and the definition of the structure was mesmerizing and an erotic visual accompaniment to the physical act of fucking as she slid on and off of me.

"Come on birthday boy," she cooed, "shoot some of that icing into me. Fill me up."

I stayed still as long as I could stand it and then grabbed her hips and slammed my cock into her.

"Yeah, that's it, baby,"she said. "Give it to me, fuck me, split me open, oh, yeah, yeah, Jesus... "

She sounded like she was heading towards another orgasm and I was ready to join her. With a few more thrusts the waves broke and I growled as loud as I could get away with. I could feel her muscles tighten around me as she came and I ground my cock as deep as I could into her and filled her pussy up.

"Oh, yeah, baby," she said. "That's it. Give mama all that good juice."

And with that she collapsed onto me, my cock still buried deep inside her and her head buried in my chest.

"Mmmm..", she murmured, "I hope you are enjoying your birthday as much as I am."

And looked up with those deep green eyes and a broad smile. 

"Well, it was kind of boring until just a little while ago," I said, "but the day seems to be picking up some."

And with that she slid down my lap until she was kneeling, bent forward and took my semi erect cock into her mouth. 

"Love that icing............," she said as she slurped.