 Jerry's parents re-ignite the fire

This is a work of pure fiction. There is no connection to any real people or places. It is for entertainment only and is not to be reproduced without written consent.

I think you will find this chapter a little more interesting, from an erotic standpoint. If you haven't read Ch 01, you may find it fills in some important background that leads up to this chapter. Key to the stories is the special component inside Jerry's computer. 

*****************************

Jerry Waters is slightly geeky kind of guy who one day acquires a computer with some interesting properties. He is using his computer to write erotic stories without fully realizing what is happening around him.

When we last left him, a strange twist of fate has activated an interesting 'feature' on his 'antique' computer . . . .

Jerry's home life seemed devoid of anything exciting most of the time. His own social life was just about nil and his parents just seemed like brother and sister to each other. The passionate fire that had once dominated their love life, seem to be but a faint glow these days.

Oh sure, they went out to eat, a movie, or some other social event but it seemed more like they did it more to keep up appearances than because there was any passion to it.

Jerry's parents had their ritual end-of-the-month dinner night out planned for this coming Saturday night. As Jerry sat in his room on Saturday morning watching TV, he got to thinking. 

"What ever happened to the passionate romance that mom and dad used to have?" 

The more he thought about it the more it bothered him. Maybe if he wrote a fantasy story, it might take his mind off how dull things were.

With that in mind, he sat down at his very old computer, opened up the word processor and began to type . . . .

* * * * *

Typing away . . .

"For a couple in their late 30's there should have been more of a romantic fire in their marriage but it just seemed like more like roommates than husband and wife. Oh sure, they had weekends when they would go out to dinner and such but it was a far cry from a 'hot date' like so many years ago." 

* * * *

As Jerry typed away on his computer, his mother Pam was busy in the Master Bedroom deciding on what well-worn dress to wear to dinner this Saturday night. She didn't know where the idea came from, it just seemed to pop into her head. She had a sudden urge to go shopping.

Grabbing her purse and car keys, she was out the door without a word that she was leaving. With Jerry preoccupied, he didn't even notice his mother had left. He just busily typed away. 

Not really knowing where or why she was going, she found herself in a dress shop she hadn't been in for more than 15 years. Like a Victoria's Secret, it stocked some of the most provocative dresses and under garments available for 200 miles. It didn't take long to make up her mind what she wanted. Within an hour she was back home, laying out her purchases on the bed. 

In the den downstairs, Jerry's dad Mike suddenly had a change of plans. Instead of the all-you-can-eat buffet that he and Pam went to on their dinner night out, he dug out the phone book to look up the number for the steak-and-lobster restaurant on the edge of town so he could make reservations. He didn't know what came over him to make the switch but it just seemed to be the thing to do.

* * * * 

The words just seemed to flow as Jerry's fingers traced across the keyboard . . . 

"They didn't know what made them change their minds. Maybe it was a mutual realization that things had gotten way too dull in their marriage and a romantic dinner was a good start toward spicing things up. When she realized her closet was devoid of anything really 'sexy', a quick shopping trip was what was required. 

After a quick shower, shaving her legs, and a quick trim below, she found herself looking at her own reflection in the full length mirror. Here was this trim 5'7' brunette, with a killer figure and firm breasts, dressed in a velvet soft mid-calf dress that hugged her body like a glove. There was only the barest hint of a panty line. Her thigh highs accented her toned legs. 

In the den, her freshly shaved husband of 19 years awaited her. His workouts at the gym three times a week kept his 5'10" frame in relatively good condition. His larger than average hands traced through his dark brown locks, pushing stray hairs back in place, as he slowly paced the floor, waiting for his wife to make her appearance."

* * * * *

Jerry was so engrossed in his writing that he hardly noticed his mother tell him she was leaving and there were some snacks in the fridge if he was hungry.

Down in the den, Mike was flipping through some channels on the TV when he felt Pam's fingers wrap around his waist from behind, followed by a nibble on his ear. He had almost forgotten how intoxicating her 'special occasion' perfume smelled. Now it brought back memories of times past.

Neither mike or Pam seemed to know what had gotten into them, they just seemed to be going along for the ride, not knowing exactly where things were leading. It seemed like they were being pulled along by some unseen force, playing out a script they were not accustomed to following in the recent past. While not knowing where it was leading, they seemed to feel it was ok to go ahead and lose themselves in the part.

* * * *

Jerry's fingers continued to type . . .

"As her husband opened the car door, she slipped in sideways in the seat, giving a quick glimpse of the barest of material where her legs met. After swinging her legs in, her husband closed the door, wondering if it was what he thought he saw between his wife's toned legs. As he made his way around the back of the car to the driver's side door, he had to reach down and shift the growing bulge in his pants. 

After putting the car in gear, he rested his free hand on his wife's thigh at the bottom edge of her dress. This was unusual for him to do and since there were no objections, he took it as a sign that his advances were not going to be shunned like usual. The warmth of her leg encouraged him to gently rub up and down her thigh. Each stroke of his hand upwards came closer and closer to her crotch. 

For her, her husband's hand on her thigh seemed to elevate her pulse. Any other time she would have brushed his hand away but for some reason, tonight she actually looked forward to having his hand finally brush against her crotch. She actually started to open her legs and twist her body to allow him more access.

Just as his hand almost touched her panties, they pulled into the restaurant parking lot. The bulge in his pants was quite obvious and he was glad he was wearing a suit coat to help cover it. 

As he made his way to the passenger side of the car to open the door for his wife, she took the opportunity to tug the hem of her dress down to a respectable length on her thighs.

Having been seated in a dimly lit corner booth, drinks and food ordered, there was time for some 'lovers' small talk. His hand again rested on her thigh, just at the hem of her dress, rubbing in small gentle movements, savoring the feel of her hose encased legs. The dim light, coupled with the dark draped tablecloth, obscured the stirring in his loins.

Without missing a beat in their conversation, his fingers quickly found her crotch. To his amazement, he realized he was touching bare skin. Maybe her panties had shifted to one side somehow. With 3 fingers now rubbing he mound, he realized that the outside fingers were touching cloth and the middle finger was in contact with bare skin. He had heard of split crotch panties but up until now, his wife had flatly refused to even consider wearing any.

With this new found revelation, his middle finger began to trace up and down her slit. Soon after, he noticed his wife's hand had found the bulge in his pants and was stroking his cock through the material.

Two glasses of wine later, the food finally was set before them and their foreplay came to a halt so they would have both hands free to eat with."

* * * * * 

All that typing and thinking of food in the story he was writing made Jerry hungry. 

Bounding down the stairs to the kitchen, he grabbed a pizza out of the freezer and popped it in the oven. In 15 minutes, he was sitting down to a warm pizza in one hand and a cold pop in the other. Saturday's usually meant having leftovers for dinner but tonight a pizza really hit the spot. Besides, his parents weren't home to decide whether to dish out leftovers so why not break the habit and have something different on a Saturday night for a change.

At the restaurant, Mike and Pam had just settled in to a juicy steak and lobster dinner, after already having downed a couple of glasses of wine. 

For some reason the juicy warmth of his medium rare steak reminded him of Pam's slick pussy, where his fingers had just been. Before he took his first bite of steak, Mike licked his fingers, savoring Pam's juices.

It had taken Pam a few minutes after her plate was put in front of her before she could calm down enough to begin to eat. The fat tail of the lobster in front of her seemed to remind her of what she had in her hand before the food had made it to the table.

A part of Pam's brain told her the foreplay that Mike and her had engaged in over the last 30 minutes, was not something she would normally comfortable with but another part of her brain was soaking in the erotic feelings she was experiencing.

* * * * * 

Scarfing down the last slice of pizza, Jerry returned to his computer and started typing again. The 'extra' component inside the PC glowed a warm red.

"As the husband and wife finished up their dinner, another glass of wine helped loosen things up even more. His fingers once again found his wife's moist pussy and she had once again found the hard bulge in his pants.

Downing the last of the wine, they paid for their dinner and walked back to the car. When the wife slipped into the passenger seat, she took her time shifting her legs inside the car, making sure her husband got a good view.

Once inside the car, the husband found more encouragement for amorous advances. The Hem of her skirt was higher than normal, her legs spread further apart than normal. Her anxiousness was even more evident as her fingers quickly found the bulge in his pants and began to stroke it through the material.

He originally planned to make a beeline back home be the urgency of the situation seemed like the most expedient thing to do was grab a room at the hotel next door to the restaurant. 

Within 3 minutes both of them were standing at the check-in desk and in another 2 minutes, had raced each other to the room, unlocked the door, and were standing on the other side of the door. 

* * * * * 

At home, Jerry totally oblivious to anything but what he was typing on the screen. 

In the hotel room, Jerry's parents were in the process of stripping off each other's clothes. Mike wasn't sure what had come over him tonight but things were going so well, why object.

Pam also wasn't sure what had gotten into her tonight. This just wasn't like her at all. First the sexy outfit, then the foreplay in the car and the restaurant, now she couldn't move fast enough at getting her dress off. 

When Mike looked up, what stood in front of him was this ravishing woman, dressed only in a sheer, black half-bra and sheer, black split-crotch panties. No wasting any time, Mike reached out to take hold of the firm breasts in from of him. As his fingers tugged at her nipples, Pam let out a soft moan. 

Pulling her closer, his lips meeting hers in a hot embrace. Pam's passionate exhale was the opportunity Mike needed for his tongue to begin a fierce duel with Pam's. 

When Mike let Pam catch her breath she momentarily broke free of his grasp. It was then she realized he still had his boxers on and something had to be done to remedy that. Sinking to her knees, she grabbed each side of his boxers, pulling them down in a puddle at his feet. With nothing to restrain it, Mike's 8 inch cock stood straight out, pointing at her face.

In al their years of marriage, Pam had never really had her face this close to his cock. She had always be an 'old fashioned' kind of gal when it came to sex. On their wedding night, Pam had made it clear to Mike that the only kind of sex she was interested in was the 'missionary' position. Don't even talk about doing it any other way, and especially thought oral and anal sex was nasty.

Those same thoughts passed through her mind, while at the same time, she just couldn't shake the desire to take a taste of the large purple cock head waiving just inches from her face. 

Before she even realized what she was doing, her tongue shot out to flick across the soft purple flesh. Yumm, this didn't seem so bad after all. Inching forward, her mouth opened enough so that Mike's cock head slipped gently past her lips. Her brain was telling her this was all wrong but her mouth was telling her it was exactly what she should be doing to please Mike.

Of course Mike was thoroughly enjoying this entirely new experience. Pam was the only woman he's ever had sex with, which meant having a woman give him a blowjob was a totally new experience and the sensation was awesome. 

Pam's tongue began to lap at the cock in her mouth as her lips slowly bobbed up and down its length. He fingers instinctively reached to gently fondle Mike's balls. It didn't take long to have him on the brink. What finally did it was when Pam stuffed his entire length into her mouth and down her throat. Pam's gag reflex constriction on his cock is what did it and streams of cum rushed up the length of his shaft. 

Pam pulled back till just the head of Mike's cock was still in her mouth at the instant her mouth was flooded the searing hot gobs of cum. Normally she would have been thoroughly repulsed at having Mikes cum even on her fingers, yet here she was gulping it down like it was water and she was dying of thirst. 

After a few minutes, Mike looked down at his beautiful wife to see his still semi-hard cock, dripping with cum, slide out of her mouth. As she stood to her feet, she gave him a mischievous grin as she licked the remaining traces of cum off her lips.

* * * * 

Mike was close to the climax of his story.

"As soon as his beautiful wife had sucked his cock and swallowed his cum, it was time to return the favor. 

Pushing her back on the bed, the husband pushed her legs apart, dipped his face down to his wife's soft pussy, and began to plant soft kisses around the outside lips. She was mouthing "No, No" but her body was saying "Yes". 

When his tongue started lapping between her pussy lips, she arched her hips up to meet it, driving his tongue deeper into her pussy. It was when he started nibbling on her clit that she really went wild. He legs locked around his back and her hands grabbed the back of his head and forced his mouth deeper into her slit. 

He mind was in turmoil. Her upbringing told her this was so nasty, yet it felt so good. In the end, her body won out and her husband had to hold on tight to keep her thrashing body from bouncing off the bed.

By now he was fully recovered, his cock fully hard again. As soon as his wife released her death-grip on his head, he stood up, he aimed his ridged pole at the tunnel where his mouth had just been probing, and slammed all 8 inches into one swift motion. The sudden impalement took her breath away, while making her insides feeling like a telephone pole had been shoved up inside her. 

She didn't have long to ponder the situation, s her husband started sawing his cock in and out of her pussy roughly. 

Why had she been so afraid of rough sex before yet now she craved it?

She didn't have long to think of anything else as her climax was building fast. She sensed her husband was about to cum and this only hastened her orgasm. Her husband let out a primal grunt, while at the same time filling her steamy pussy with cum. The first shot triggered her own climax and her cunt walls clamped around her husband's cock like a pulsating vice. Her spent husband rolled off her a few minutes later. 

After a 20 minute rest to recharge, they were back at it again, only this in various other positions. First is was 'cowgirl', then from behind, and finally with the full length of his cock pumping her ass. Each new position just seemed to pop into their brain, without any thought that it was taboo to try it.

At 8:00 AM, they showered, dressed, and left for home just a few miles away.

* * * * *

When Mike and Pam walked into the house at 9:00 AM on Sunday morning, they found Jerry sound asleep. They figured he must have stayed up late to watch some SciFi move and probably wouldn't wake up until noon.

With that thought in mind, Pam dashed up to the Master Bedroom, with Mike hot on her heels. Shortly thereafter, the mattress springs were getting a real work out as Mike and Pam went at it like sex starved rabbits.

When Jerry woke up at noon and came down to get something to eat, he noticed that the depressed look from yesterday had been replaced with a happy smile. He had no idea what had caused the change but there was no sense in spoiling the moment.