 Sheri lived about five minutes from me. I'd seen her at the primary school our kids attend, she dropped off and picked up her daughter every day, but we hadn't had a chance to talk, only nod, until my daughter wanted Sheri's daughter to come home and play. 

After we had discussed it and exchanged details, Sheri's daughter went home with us. Later, when Sheri arrived to pick up her daughter, we sat down and chatted while having a coffee, giving the kids a longer time to play. 

"What do you do for a living?" she asked. 

"I fix and sell computers." 

"You should come over and have a look at mine. Since my husband left, it's been playing up." 

I gave her my card and told her I'd be delighted to go over any time. I saw her at school each day thereafter and she always made a point to stop, give me a smile and say hello. She hadn't said anything more about her PC until after about five days. 

"What are you doing this morning?" 

"Nothing is planned, so far." 

"Do you have time to drop by and check out my PC?" 

"I'd be delighted." 

I arrived about eleven-thirty in the morning and rang the doorbell. She answered, wearing a leotard, and looked as if she'd run a million miles. 

"Sorry. I've been working out and lost track of the time." 

"That's ok. If it's an inopportune time, I can come back later." 

"Not at all. You can look at the PC while I shower and change. Then I'll make you a coffee." 

Sheri led me into her study, where her PC was, and showed me what was wrong. It was only the usual lost icons and some wrong settings that happen with home PC's so I worked on it for a while and, as usual, I lost track of the time. The next thing I knew, she was there. 

"Are you ready for a coffee?" she asked. 

As I had finished with the PC, I followed her into the kitchen. 

************ 

Maybe I should describe Sheri, now. She was about five feet, six inches tall and had short, black hair and deep, brown eyes. I assumed she was Indian and Sheri later told me, although her parents were from India, she was born in Fiji. 

She had a great figure! A nice, tight arse, which was accentuated by the little skirt she had changed into, and great breasts but not big, probably a large B-cup. Overall, she was a stunner and had the nicest personality and smile. 

************ 

We sat in the kitchen and chatted for a while then I commented about her workout. 

"I didn't think a figure like yours could be kept by only sitting around and eating chocolate." 

I turned red when I realised what I'd said but she only laughed. 

"It's taken a lot of work. I used to wear a size sixteen dress but now I'm a size eight. After my husband left me for a newer model of a woman, I became quite depressed until, one day, one of my girlfriends suggested I start to use the home gym the pig had left behind. I read about training, hired a personal trainer to get me started and now, here I am." 

"Well, it's paid dividends to you. That's what I need to do, too. I have a potbelly and my blood pressure is terrible but either I don't seem to find the time or I'm not motivated enough, though I should be as I'd love to feel better, never mind look better." 

"You should find a partner for a very good reason to motivate you to train hard. Come and look at my gym." 

Sheri showed me around her gym. It was quite nice, she had most of the equipment a commercial gym would have, and I told her I was impressed. She also had a pool out back and, from the hint of bathers I saw, I figured she'd go swimming after I'd gone. 

************ 

I saw Sheri at school during the next week and, one day, I received a phone call from her. 

"Hi, Bill, it's Sheri! How are you?" 

"Hi, Sheri! I'm well and you? How's the training going?" 

"I'm well but training is what I'm ringing you about. Do you have time to come over for ten minutes and have a chat about it?" 

"Sure! How about in half an hour?" 

"Ok. See you then." 

I wonder what that's all about, I thought. My dick throbbed from thinking about Sheri. Mr. Palmer had been helping me formulate dreams about Sheri, so I was hopeful, but I knew it would be purely professional. Maybe she'd found someone for me to train with and motivate me, as she put it. 

"Hi, Bill. I'm glad you came. I've been thinking about our chat the other day and I think I've found a solution for your laziness." 

We both laughed. 

"How would you like to come here and train with me? I've been wanting someone to train with and having someone else here will get me going again, too. I can help you with a program and motivate you. It'll be beneficial for both of us." 

The thought of training with her was mind blowing but I wasn't sure I'd be able to concentrate on the training. She had worn a crop top, I was able to see an outline of her nipples, and her legs were amazing in her short, shorts. 

Look at her eyes, look at her eyes, I kept reminding myself. There's nothing worse for a guy than getting caught talking to a girls breasts. 

"I don't want to inconvenience you, Sheri. I appreciate the offer but it would put you out too much." 

"I won't take no for an answer. Be here tomorrow morning at ten, wearing your training gear, and I'll have a program ready for you. Be ready to get fit!" 

I was intrigued and couldn't think of anything else all day. It was enough to know Sheri but working out with her was going to be interesting. If I'd only get to perv at her, it'd be enjoyable! I was ready and on her doorstep at nine fifty-five the next morning, she answered the door with a smile and beckoned me in. 

"Come to the gym and we'll talk. I have a workout planned for you and I'll help you, initially, and you can help me." 

I had worn my shorts and T-shirt and slipped my shoes and socks off. Sheri had worn a T-shirt and shorts. She slowly took me through the exercises then we both worked out. Her muscles were amazing and she was very supple. After finishing, I had a shower and bid her farewell. 

************ 

After about two weeks of training, we were sitting on the exercise bikes, warming up, when she surprised me. 

"You know, before you started working out with me, I usually wore less than I do now." 

"Oh? What did you wear?" 

"Oh, a sports bra and a G-string. You know, the sort worn over a leotard." 

"Yes, I know the type. I'm sorry I've changed your routine." 

"It's ok, really, but I was wondering if you'd be upset or embarrassed if I started to dress that way, again? I get really hot when I'm exercising so I prefer to wear less." 

Is this gorgeous woman asking for my permission to wear less around me? Wow, I couldn't believe my luck. 

"Of course. I wouldn't be worried about it. It's your house so you can wear whatever you like." 

She smiled at me, sat up on the bike, grabbed the hem of her T-shirt and pulled it off over her head. She had worn a small, black, sports bra. It looked wonderful! I looked down and concentrated on pedaling, trying to make sure I didn't make her feel too uncomfortable. 

She got off of the bike and pulled off the shorts she was wearing. She had worn a black G-string which merged with her skin and left her butt exposed. She hopped back on the bike and started pedaling. 

"That's better. You know, you should try it, too. It's much nicer." 

I sat up and pulled off my T-shirt and looked at her. 

"Sorry, I don't have a G-string on today. In fact, I've never worn one." 

She gave a mock serious pout. 

"Oh, too bad. I bet your butt is as nice as mine, now." 

She stood up on the pedals, gave her butt a loud slap and laughed. Not much more happened except I had to keep concentrating and keep my mind off of her arse because, every time I looked at it, I wanted to grab it and I'd also start to get hard. I really didn't want to mess up the arrangement we had as I was feeling better every day and wanted to enjoy the view. 

************ 

Two days later, I arrived for a workout and, when I walked in, there was a little parcel in her hand. She smiled and handed it to me. 

"This is for you. I hope you don't mind." 

I opened it and found a man's, black G-string. I was so stunned, I could only stand there, not sure what to say to her. I looked at her and smiled. 

"Thanks?" 

"I thought, since as I wear one, you could, too. What do you think?" 

"Well, it's nice but there's one thing wrong with it." 

"Oh? And what's that?" 

"If I wear this, and you wear what you'll be wearing, I'll certainly embarrass myself." 

"Oh, that's funny because I was counting on it! You know where you can change!" 

I put it on in the bathroom we used and stepped out, feeling self-conscious. Sheri was on the bike, ready for me. 

"Come on. We're starting later than usual." 

We sat there, pedaling, and I relaxed. I've always enjoyed wearing as few clothes as possible and would, quite often, go without underwear during the summer but it was different with Sheri. We went through our routines and I was mostly under control until one particular exercise of her's made me very hot and I got hard. 

I looked at her and she smiled as she looked straight at my cock. After our workout, and before we had our showers, we were standing in front of the full length mirror. 

"I sometimes stand here and pose, pretending I'm in the Miss Universe contest. It feels very good." 

"I'd like to see that!" 

My cock agreed by getting harder. She smiled at me and went over to increase the volume of the music we always had on when we'd workout. She stood in front of the mirror, again, and started to pose to the music. As she hit each pose, I clapped for her. After about five minutes, she stopped and I told her how good she looked. 

"You look good yourself, big boy. Good to see I please you," she said as she looked at my hard-on which had popped its head out of and above the top of my G-string. 

She stepped back to the mirror, reached behind herself, unhooked her sports bra and threw it to the side. Then, she put her hands into the band of her G-string, pulled it off and threw it with her bra. Then she started to pose, again. 

She was shaved completely bald and I could see she was aroused by the way her pussy lips were swollen. I'm going to fuck her good, I thought. She started to do acrobatics, bending over backwards and touching the floor behind her as her breasts melded to her body and her nipples tried to escape. 

Her pussy was pushed forward and accentuated her mound. I moved behind her so her eyes were at the same level as my cock and started to play with her nipples. She took my cock and ran her tongue up and down it and then slowly sucked on it. I leaned down, licked and sucked on a nipple as I ran my hands over her stomach and then her pussy lips. She sucked on me for a while, stood up, turned around and kissed me, deeply. 

"It's been months since I've had one of these to play with! It's only been me, pinky and perky," she moaned while stroking my cock. 

"Pinky and Perky?" 

"Yes, dear. A girl has more than one spot to enjoy." 

She was amazing! Not only was I going to fuck her cunt but I was going to fill her tight arse, too. We kissed deeply as I held her arse and rubbed the hard muscle as she pressed into my hand then she broke the kiss and slowly licked her way down my body. She took my cock into her hand, kissed the head and licked the drop of pre cum as it oozed out of the tip. She took the head and started to work it into her mouth. 

"MMM! Nice, big cock!" she moaned. 

As she looked into my eyes, she engulfed my cock and worked it into her throat while she played with my balls. I ran my fingers through her hair as I enjoyed the wonderful blowjob. She slid a finger around and played with my arse as I spread my legs a little wider to allow her easier access. She ran her finger around my arse hole while she sucked me, which made me throb harder. She looked up at me. 

"Oh! You like your arse to be played with, too, do you?" 

I nodded. 

"Good, because you're going to fuck mine, later!" 

After leading me to her bedroom, she laid back onto the bed, we embraced and I slowly licked my way down to her tits. She moaned when I took a nipple into my mouth, sucked and licked it, ran my teeth over it and gently nipped it. My other hand was on her cunt as it opened her lips and my fingers slid through her folds, finding her wetness and spreading it all over her bald lips. 

"Oh, god yes! Bite my nipple and finger my cunt! Oh, fuck!" 

She exhaled a deep moan as I bit her nipple a little harder, pulled it with my teeth and slid two fingers deep inside of her. I reluctantly left her nipple to lick my way down to her strong scented cunt and slid my tongue down the center of her slit, feeling her slickness. 

She lifted her hips to my face as I ate her and worked my fingers deeper inside of her, feeling for her G-spot which would send her over the edge. She pulled my head toward her's until her hand took my cock and pulled on it. 

"Turn around!" 

I moved my knees to either side of her head, facing her feet, my cock was hanging above her face. She took me into her throat, all of the way to my balls, which made me throb more. She raised her legs, I pulled them back, pulled her cheeks apart and played with her arse hole. 

I felt her move and she handed me a tube of lube and a toy. I slid the toy into her cunt and lubed her arse with my fingers while I sucked her clit. 

"Hold on. I want to be on top!" 

She rolled me over onto my back and slid her face back down onto my cock before turning around into a sixty-nine and swallowed my cock, again. She opened her legs as wide as they'd go, I pulled the toy out of her cunt and buried it inside of her arse. 

She moaned as I licked her clit and worked the toy. I felt her orgasm building and I didn't have to wait long. She took her mouth off of my cock and yelled as she came buckets and her hips madly pumped on my fingers and the toy rubbed over my face and tongue. When she calmed down, she got off of me and knelt, her arse in the air and opened wide. 

"Fuck me!" 

I grabbed her hips and buried my cock deep inside of her tight, wet and hot little cunt. It felt so good, I wanted to live there, forever! She was moving under me and her finger was diddling her clit as I pumped her. 

The toy was still in her butt and I held her with one hand while I turned the toy around and worked it in and out with the other before I had to stop because I was too excited. I held her hips and pumped her onto my cock, thrusting madly inside of her. I felt my cum rising. 

"I'm going to cum!" I growled. 

"Fill me with your hot cum! Fuck my hot cunt with your big cock! Oh, god, you're stretching me out! Fuck me, please!" 

I held her hard, the climax coming closer, as I closed my eyes and pumped harder as my cum boiled up through my dick. I spewed my load deep inside of her, the spurts burned through me. My whole body exploded through my dick but I didn't care. Sheri yelled as the burning liquid sprayed her insides. 

Afterwards, we lay and slept in each other's arms. I was dreaming of her on her knees, doggy-style, as I filled her arse. 

Oh, well, maybe when I wake up!