 Sue rang me because her computer was crashing. 

"After I use it for a while, a blue screen appears and I have to shut it down," she said. 

"Do you remember what the blue screen said?" I inquired. 

"Oh, yes. I wrote it down. Fatal Exception OE." 

"Ok, I get it. Can you bring it here? I'll need to check it. It could be a faulty memory chip or something." 

"Ok, give me your address and I'll deliver it straight away. My kids need it for their homework." 

A knock on the door came about twenty minutes later. When I opened it, a woman in her early thirties was standing there. She was about five feet, six inches tall with short, blond hair and a pleasant, smiling face. The shapeless dress she was wearing hung from her shoulders and made it impossible to tell what her figure was but I assumed she wasn't overweight. 

"Bill?" 

"You must be Sue. I'll carry your PC for you." 

"Thanks. It's in the car." 

I took it inside and told her, before she left, I'd ring her when it was done. After running a memory test on it, and finding nothing, I opened the case and saw it was full of fluff and dust. I vacuumed it out and gave the processor heatsink special attention by first sucking the dust out then putting the vac on blow and blowing it out. Afterwards, I ran it as well as played a game on it and it worked fine. Of course, I looked through the hard drive but it didn't have much on it, only some homework and some games was about all. I shut it down and gave Sue a ring. 

"Sue, I'm finished with your PC so you can pick it up any time you like." 

"Thank you very much. I'll be right over." 

About twenty minutes later, she collected her PC, paid me and left. Overall, she was very pleasant to deal with. At the time, I had no idea our short acquaintance would lead into anything. 

************ 

I hadn't heard from her for about three weeks before she rang me, again. 

"Bill? This is Sue. I'm having some other troubles with my computer and I'm wondering if you'd look at it. For some reason, I've lost the printer driver and I have no idea how to set it up and one of the games is acting up. Also, I've recently purchased a pre-paid Internet connection and I'm wondering if you'd set it up for me." 

"I'll be over this afternoon." 

Her home was your average, nice, brick veneer suburban house with nice gardens. I knocked on the door and Sue opened it, wearing a smile and a similar shapeless dress as before. It was a hot day and I wondered if she ever wore shorts or short skirts. She showed me in and I proceeded to start work. 

I setup her printer, first, and printed a test page. Then, I backed up the saved games, booted it into safe mode, uninstalled the games and deleted the directory. I re-booted and reinstalled the troublesome game, which worked fine, and copied back the rest of the saved games, too. Then, I setup her Internet connection. Once done, I called Sue over and showed her the Internet. 

"Will you be chatting on it?" 

"Oh. I don't know. I hadn't thought about it, at all." 

"Well, I'll setup Yahoo messenger, and another chat program, for you to give you a start on chatting. Can I add my Yahoo ID so you have someone on your list?" 

"Sure, that'd be nice. Then I can bug you if I have problems. But, what will your wife think of you for chatting with a strange woman on the net? Or do you do it all of the time, anyway?" 

"My wife passed away two years ago." 

"Oh, I'm sorry." 

"That's ok. I'm mostly over it. It's harder for the kids and, besides, you're not stranger," I said with a laugh. 

"My husband died four years ago so I know how you feel. It's hard, at first, but you manage." 

"Your right. I better go as I have other work to do but if you connect tonight, we can chat online." 

"Ok, and thanks." 

So, with that, she paid me and I left. At least we knew neither of us were married. 

That night, we chatted. 

"I'm really shy so it's a wonder I'd rung you the first time. I haven't gone out with any guys since my husband died and I purchased the Internet connection because I'm quite lonely." 

"I'm sure you must have had heaps of girlfriends." 

"I've met a couple of women but nothing steady." 

We chatted for hours and I gave her some URL's to look at. 

That went on for a few weeks and, each time, we became friendlier and more relaxed with each other. She also laughed whenever I called her sexy. She had seen, and asked me about, web-cam sites so I told her about them. 

"By the way, I have a web-cam and Yahoo, which we're using, supports web-cams." I told her. 

"Would you like a demonstration?" 

I turned it on for her and she was intrigued with it. She wanted to know more. 

"You're welcome to come over, any time, and have a demonstration." 

"Do you really mean it?" 

"Of course. You can go on cam, if you want. I know of a good cam site where everyone chats and some are on cam. Come over, anytime. I'm free tomorrow afternoon if you'd like." 

"Ok. I don't think I could go on cam but it'll be interesting. Is one o'clock tomorrow afternoon ok?" 

"Fine by me." 

So, at one o'clock, there was a knock on my door and Sue was there, wearing a tent dress. I thought, I wonder what she's hiding? We sat down at the PC and I connected with the site. 

"You can go on the site without a cam and see others and chat however it's more fun with a cam." 

I was dying to accidentally on purpose show her some nudity, in order to see how she'd react, so I looked through the list to see if someone was naked. There was so I opened his cam. 

"Oh! He's naked and, oh dear!" she squealed. 

"Yeah. There's lots of nudity on here. Guys, girls and couples but lots are dressed, too, depending on what you want." 

"So, is this what you do all day, watch naked ladies?" 

"Not all day. Usually at night," I laughed. 

"Show me more. Please?" 

So, we browsed through the cams. There was a couple she liked where the woman was sucking a nice, hard cock and she was interested as she watched another guy masturbate. Then, I opened the chat and set her up so she could chat with one of the naked guys. 

"I need to do some work in the office. Why don't you chat here, while I work, and call me if you need me?" 

"Ok, thanks." 

I left with her slowly catching on to the chat and talking to a naked guy and a room full of other people. After doing some things in the office, I wandered out to see how she was doing. 

"How's it going?" 

"This guy is really full of himself but quite nice. He keeps asking to see me, even my face." 

"Well, I can turn on the camera, if you like," I replied, pointing to the web-cam. 

"Oh, I don't know." 

"How about if I turn it on and show only your eyes, then you can see how you look?" 

"Ok but will you stay here, too? Please? I'm not sure about this." 

"No worries. I'd love to." 

I turned on the web-cam and focused it on her lovely, blue eyes. She chatted with the guy on cam, well, she chatted with his cock as it's about all you could see. I was really amazed at how much she relaxed by looking at his cock. 

There was a couple trying to talk to her so I suggested she chat with them, also. That meant she had two chats, in private, going. They lived in the same city as we did and were quite interested in chatting. 

"We'll turn on our cam for you to see us but you need our password," they said. 

I'd been trying to get their attention a few times but gave up. Obviously, they weren't interested in a guy on his own. 

When their cam opened, we saw they were around our age and looked nice. She, Nick was her name, was wearing a bikini top and shorts and he, Jim, was only in shorts. He had a tattoo on his chest and she had one, peeking from under her top, on her breast. 

"Ask her what the tattoo is." 

"Hi, Nick. What's your tattoo?" 

"Would you like to see it?" 

Sue wasn't sure but I told her to say, yes, I'd love too. 

"Yes, I'd love too." 

Nick unfastened her top and took it off, exposing her breasts. She had great tits with nice, hard nipples, which were pointing straight at the camera. Sue was surprised but soon became relaxed with the nudity. 

"May we see your face, Sue?" Nick asked. 

Sue wasn't sure but agreed and I lowered the camera and zoomed out a bit so they could see Sue's face and shoulders. As Sue chatted, I studied her some more. Her movements caused her dress to press against her so I could see the outlines of her breasts and a little of her nipples, which seemed to be hard. She moved in her seat, which moved her legs a little, and I wondered, is she aroused? 

"Would you please show me more of you, Sue?" Kevin, the naked guy, asked. 

"You could stand up behind your chair and let him see all of you," I suggested. 

She surprised me when she did and also turned around. 

"Aren't you hot in that dress?" Nick asked. 

"Well, yes, I am." 

"Are you going to take it off?" 

Sue wasn't sure about that, though. 

"Sue, if I'm bothering you, I can find heaps to do while you have some fun," I said. 

"Don't be silly. I'm not sure about not wearing my dress while being seen on cam because, you see, I only have underpants on." 

"I have a T-shirt you can wear, if you like, and you can change in my room. If you want to tease them and drive them wild, you could turn your back to the cam, take your dress off and pull the T-shirt on." 

"Ok. You'd better get me a T-shirt." 

I retrieved a T-shirt and she stood up, with her back to the camera, which I had adjusted so they could see all of her as she pulled her dress off over her head. She had a great figure, cute arse and was shapely, with very little fat. Her legs were great and came to fine ankles. 

"You're a surprise packet. I didn't imagine a goddess under your dress!" 

She laughed at me so I knew it made her feel good. The T-shirt I had chosen had no sleeves, in case she wanted to flash but also so I could get a good view...and I did! She didn't have big breasts but the T-shirt opened up so I could see her nipples, which were getting harder by the minute! 

"Why is he so dressed?" Nick asked. 

Sue laughed. 

"Because he's shy." 

"Maybe he should take his shirt off, too, seeing as I'm nearly naked. Oh, and his pants," Nick said. 

I was rock hard and worried about Sue's reaction but, when I stood up, she looked straight at my cock and smiled. I stripped my shirt off and she whistled. I had been working out a lot and was in great shape. Then, I took off my pants and my cock moved, peeking its head out of the top of my underpants. Sue looked down and smiled. 

Nick leaned back and started to play with her nipples, then she reached down and slid her hands into her underpants and started to work her fingers over her cunt. 

"I've never done that, let alone watched someone else do it!" Sue said, shocked. 

"You've never masturbated?" I asked. 

Sue looked at me. 

"I was a virgin when I was first married. I was brought up in a very strict, religious house and was taught that sex was only to have children and it was dirty. I've never done it, when I was married we only, you know, did it to have our kids and nothing else. I don't think I could!" 

It was my turn to be shocked. I'd read about women like her but had never met one. I looked at the screen in time to see Nick lift her arse up and pull her panties off. Sue gasped. 

"She doesn't have any hair down there! Why would she do that?" 

"Because it feels good when you're licked," I said and waited for her shock. 

I didn't have to wait long before she looked at me, with her eyes wide open, stunned. 

"Licked? Down there! Why would you do that, it's dirty?" 

"It feels wonderful, it makes a woman feel good and makes her cum. Ask Nick!" 

We looked at the screen as Nick ran her fingers all over her cunt. We saw the juices glisten on her fingertips and lips and run down her slit to her arse hole. Next, we saw Jim stand next to Nick, his excitement was visible through the underpants he wore. 

Nick reached over and pulled Jim's underpants down, letting his hard cock spring free and nearly slap her face. She took it into her hand and slowly worked her hand up and down his shaft. Then, she leaned over, pushed her tongue out and flicked the tip across the head of his cock. Juices appeared at the tip, Nick licked them up then she slowly started to work the hard cock into her throat, while she fingered her wet cunt. 

I looked at Sue. She sat there, in stunned silence, taking in a scene she'd never dreamed of. The amazing thing was, her nipples were hard and her hips were moving a little. I reached over and touched her arm. She didn't move so I pulled the T-shirt out a little, slid my hand onto a bare tit and ran my fingers over its nipple. 

She gave a big sigh and slightly pushed her chest into my hand. I softly started to roll the nipple and then pulled it, it was hard enough to explode! Sue emitted a moan as she watched Nick and Jim. 

Nick had Jim's cock almost all of the way down her throat and was playing with his balls. He then pulled away from her and moved her chair around so she was sideways to the camera. He knelt down, she put her legs over his shoulders and he started to lick her. 

"What does it taste like?" Sue asked. 

"Him or her?" 

"Both." 

"There's only one way to find out!" 

She looked at me in stunned silence. 

"I don't know if I could lick you but I'd like to feel what it's like to be licked! If you don't mind?" 

"Of course, I don't mind but there's one condition. We'll wait until Nick and Jim are finished and then we'll let them watch us, in private of course. Take your top off, now, so they can see you're enjoying them." 

Sue sat up, grabbed the hem of the T-shirt, pulled it off over her head and threw it on the floor. She sat there and watched the screen as I switched our cam to private and typed the password into the chat screen with Jim. 

The main channel erupted with disappointment at not being able to see Sue but they had to wait. Nick was breathing heavily and moaned as Jim buried two, then three, fingers deep inside of her, working them in and out as he licked and sucked her clit and pussy lips. 

"Sue, take your underpants off for me, please." 

She didn't utter a word before she stood up and pulled them off. They were large, white briefs and I made a mental note to suggest she buy thongs and G-strings in the future. She sat there, eyes glued to the screen as she watched the scene unroll in front of us. Nick said something to Jim, he stood up, she leaned forward and started to suck his cock, working it in and out of her mouth. It was obvious to me he was going to cum but Sue? She had no idea! 

"Sue, rub your nipples so they can see you're aroused." 

She reached up and started to rub the flat of her hand over a nipple, pressing hard on them. She breathed heavily while she intently watched the couple on the screen. I moved over and started to lick the unoccupied nipple, sucking and flicking it with my tongue. 

"Oh, I can't take this anymore. What do I do?" 

"Play with yourself, Sue." 

"You mean, with my...you know?" 

'It's called a vagina, Sue, but you'll call it a cunt when you're with me. Now, repeat it." 

"You mean, you want me to play with my...cunt?" 

"Yes, Sue. You saw what Nick did, now you do it, then I'll eat you out." 

She hadn't taken her eyes off of the screen but slowly slid her hand down to her cunt and started to rub the outside of it. She wasn't very hairy, being a natural blond, but she had too much hair for my liking. 

On the screen, Jim was holding Nick's head and thrusting deeply into her mouth. He was staring, then you could see him explode. Nicks cheeks puffed out a little then she swallowed his juice, her throat and mouth working to get it down. Sue was stunned. 

"What happened?" she panted. 

"He sprayed his cum into her mouth and she swallowed it. Now, it is our turn." 

Nick sat back, faced the camera, spread her legs wide open and rubbed her wet cunt. Jim asked us if we enjoyed what we had seen and commented on how much more relaxed we were. I got Sue to type, although she hesitated, we loved it and Sue was especially interested in Nick's bald cunt. 

We told him to watch. I rubbed my hard on, knelt down in front of Sue and got her to open her legs wide for me by hooking them over the arm of the chair. She laid her head back, closed her eyes and I slowly ran my tongue all around her dripping wet cunt lips. 

I used one hand to pull her lips open and run my tongue straight into the middle of her wet cunt, tasting the exquisite juices running from her. Not only was her cunt wet, her arse was, too. I slid a finger deep inside of her and started to suck her clit. Instantly, her hips came up, she arched her back and she loudly moaned. 

I worked another finger deep into her tight cunt as she almost squashed my fingers in a vice-like grip and I wondered how my cock was ever going to fit inside of her. As I sucked her clit, then flicked my tongue over it and worked my fingers in and out, she started to loudly moan, again. 

Her hips thrusted madly and then her legs unhooked and clamped on my head. She screamed and I felt a sudden gush of fluid as she madly fucked my face. She had cum but I wasn't going to stop there. I kept working my tongue and fingers as she built to another climax and came, and then another. Finally, she opened her legs and pushed my head away. I stood up, looked at her, smiled, bent down and kissed her. She opened her mouth and sucked in my tongue. 

"So that's how I taste! Now, let's see how you taste!" 

I looked at the screen as Nick sat there with a big, black dildo and worked it in and out of her cunt as she obviously enjoyed our show. 

I stood up and offered my cock to Sue. She took it into her hand, ran her tongue around the head and licked down to the bottom of it, held it up in the air, then licked back up to the tip. She put her lips around it and slowly started to suck while she worked it in and out of her mouth. 

I ran my fingers through her hair, and gently guided her head, as she worked it in and out. I was in heaven! Her virgin mouth felt so good and I'd been dying to get it into her, somewhere. I imagined her bent over the back of the chair, watching the screen, while I rammed her from behind. I looked down at her. 

"I want to cum in your cunt, not in your mouth!" 

"But you taste so yummy!" 

As I felt myself building up, I pulled out of her mouth, leaned down and kissed her, deeply. 

"Stand up behind the chair!" 

She stood up and turned to the screen, seeing Nick with her playmate for the first time. 

"What is she doing there?" 

"Bend over. I want to fuck your hot little cunt. She's using a toy to fuck herself, you can see how much she enjoys it by the look on her face." 

Sue bent over, eyes glued to the screen. I rubbed my cock all over her slippery cunt, put it at her entrance and slowly worked it inside. She was so tight! She felt as if she'd never had anything inside of her and she gasped as I stretched her out with my cock. 

Her hips pumped and pushed back and I quickly found myself buried to the bottom of her cunt. I held her hips, as she held the arms of the chair, and started to work my cock in and out of her. Then, I realised she was rubbing her clit against the back of the chair. 

I started to slowly increase the pace and she reciprocated by thrusting back onto my hard cock and moaning out loud. I moved one hand to her arse and started to play with it a little. She looked around at me then back at the screen. 

Nick was really hot and had her huge, black, dildo buried inside of her cunt. She reached over, out of view, and a smaller dildo appeared in her hand. She rubbed some jelly over it and put it at her arse hole, slowly sliding it deep inside of her. As she did that, I slid my finger, slippery with Sue's juices, into her arse and rammed my cock deep inside of her cunt. I was about to cum. 
