 It was a nice, warm, sunny day but comfortable. I'd worked all morning on a computer, that wasn't operating properly, when I received a phone call from a lady. 

"My computer is acting up. Could you look at it for me?" 

"Sure. Give me your address." 

She wasn't too far from me. 

"I can be there in an hour." 

When I arrived at her house, I was surprised as it was very large, had well laid-out lawns with shrubs and trees and nice flowers in the front and down the drive. I rang the doorbell and an Arabic lady answered. She had brown eyes but that's all I could tell as she was wearing a Niqab, a face veil which leaves only the eyes uncovered. Aisha's eyes smiled when she saw me. 

"You must be the computer man!" 

I entered the house and left my shoes at the front door, along with the others. She guided me inside and showed me where her fairly new, with a CD burner, computer was and she, surprisingly, had a webcam and scanner. 

It didn't take me long to figure out what the problem was and, while I was working, Aisha had brought me a coffee, a cake and left me to eat and drink. After I had finished eating, I checked the hard drive to determine how much space was left on it and, being a nosy sticky-beak, browsed through the directories. I couldn't help it, the webcam had me intrigued. Before I found anything, Aisha had come back. 

"How's it going?" 

I closed Explorer and started Scandisk. 

"It's all fixed and I'm running a Scandisk program to make sure it's fine." 

That's when I received my biggest shock! 

"Have you seen the pictures on my computer, yet?" she asked. 

"No, I haven't gotten that far, yet." 

"Ah, at least you're honest!" she laughed. 

At that moment, the scan disk program had finished. 

"All is fine," I told her. 

"Good. Now, if you go to the My Pictures directory, while I take care of something, I'm sure you'll like it." 

I was puzzled. Why would a Muslim woman, who characteristically would've been very shy, direct me to her pictures directory? I had expected her husband or mother to be at the house when I arrived but certainly didn't expect to be shown any pictures. 

Full of curiosity, I browsed the directory and sat there...stunned! There she was, in pictures that showed her as she slowly stripped naked, masturbated and used sex toys for the camera. Under all of the clothing she was wearing, she had the body of a twenty-five year old goddess! She had not a single hair on any part of her body, beautiful breasts with hard brown nipples and big pussy lips that begged to be sucked. 

I was mesmerised by it all. There was a movie, too, so I clicked on it. The belly dancing music started, first, and Aisha came into view as she slowly danced and rotated her stomach. As she smiled at the camera, she removed items of clothing, until she was completely naked, and danced faster and faster as the speed of the music increased. I'd heard a noise behind me, looked around and saw Aisha standing there, smiling. 

"You like?" 

"Yes, I do, but why have you shown me? I wouldn't normally expect any woman to show me this let alone..." 

"An Arabic woman? I hope you're not one of those prejudiced pigs!" 

"No, I'm not but I know about your religion." 

"My husband and I are separated so he's no longer of any consequence but, if you're not interested or don't like me, then no problem." 

"You're magnificent but..." 

"Why? You're honest and trustworthy. You said you hadn't looked at My Pictures, yet, which meant you were going to but didn't lie about it. I've had one lover, my husband. He's older than me, very selfish and thinks only of himself. I've been well taught to look after my man but I want a man to look after me, too. He's also, um, how shall I put it, not built to please a woman." 

"Dance for me as you did in the movie, please. Then, I'll show you how I can please you." 

"Mm, wait!" 

She left the room and, after about five minutes, came back in wearing the same harem costume she'd worn in the movie, and put some music on. She slowly started to belly dance, rotated her stomach, danced over to and leaned over me and pushed her breasts into my face. She smelled like heaven and had me aroused as soon as she started. 

Slowly, she started to remove her clothes. When she only had some material around her waist, she danced over and motioned for me to hold the end. As I did, she moved away, started to turn and, as she did, the material unraveled, exposing her legs and arse. 

I couldn't wait to lay her back and eat her. I wondered: will she let me play with her beautiful arse; will she enjoy me eating her; will she suck my cock; has she ever been fucked in the arse? But, most of all, I was hard with anticipation. 

Once she was naked, she danced over, swayed her hips and smiled. I put my hands on her hips and she danced while I rubbed her, leaned forward and kissed her stomach and ran my tongue around her navel. I held her arse, which was flawless, and slowly licked my way up to her tits. 

Her nipples were pointy and hard and her tits were taught. I licked all around them, took one nipple in my mouth and gently sucked. She stopped dancing and stood there, with her fingers running through my hair, and sighed as I ran my teeth over her nipple and felt it harden even more. 

Then, I moved my hand around from her arse to her pussy and gently ran my fingers over her smooth mound. Her hips gently moved with my fingers, back and forth, showing me how aroused she was. I opened her lips and gently slid my fingers inside of her, feeling how wet she was for the first time. I felt her clit poking out from its hood asking to be licked. 

"Come with me!" she beckoned. 

I followed her upstairs into a large bedroom which had a king size bed. She turned and kissed me, her mouth open and her tongue in my mouth. Our tongues dueled and I sucked on hers as I gently rubbed her back and arse. 

She stepped back, unfastened my shirt and threw it down. Then, she knelt, unfastened my trousers and pulled my socks, pants and underpants off. My dick didn't hit her face only because I was so hard and when she looked at it, she smiled. 

She took me into her soft hand and started to stroke, licked the pre cum from the tip and slowly worked my cock into her mouth. She sucked and licked me as I held her head in my hands and enjoyed the sensation. I pulled her head off of me. 

"I'm supposed to be pleasing you!" 

She smiled and I moved her over to the bed where we laid down together, wrapped in each other's arms and tongues in each other's mouths. I broke the kiss and started to kiss and lick her neck and throat while I teased her nipples, gently pulling and rolling them between my fingers. 

I slowly licked down to her breasts, ran my tongue all around and slowly worked to the center and the nipples. When I reached a nipple, I flicked it with my tongue and felt Aisha jerk. She was very excited, her hips involuntarily moved and groans escaped from her lips. 

I sucked and licked her nipples while I worked her pussy and moved my hands down and started to gently and softly rub her thighs. She spread her legs wide open for me so I ran my fingers down the center of her pussy and felt her wetness gush out. She flinched as I teased her, rubbed her clit and lips and slowly started to lick over her stomach and down to her pussy. Then, she realised what I was doing. 

"No!" 

"Trust me, Aisha, you'll love this." 

She quietly laid back and closed her eyes as I licked down to her slit and ran my tongue over her engorged lips and clit. I sucked her lips into my mouth then flicked her clit with my tongue. She moaned and humped my fingers as I slid two fingers into her tight opening and sucked her lips, ran my tongue straight up and down her slit and, finally, circled her clit. 

All of a sudden, her first orgasm hit. It lasted for a minute, subsided, then she came twice more. After her third orgasm, I moved back up and looked into her eyes as she smiled. 

"Now, what can I do for you, my lover?" she asked. 

She kissed me and licked her juices off of my face as her hand, which was on my hard cock, gently pumped me. She sat up, moved her head down to my cock, took it into her mouth and worked it into her throat. She was amazing as she didn't gag, at all, as most women did when they tried to deep-throat me. 

She worked me in and out of her mouth while she knelt at my side, her arse in the air. I reached over and played with her pussy as its lips hung open and her juice dripped. I took some juice and rubbed it over her arse, working it around her hole. She sucked my cock then looked up at me and smiled. 

"I said anything for you so, if you want me there, you can have me but I want to feel this big cock inside of my cunt, first," she said. 

"Did you mean, anything?" 

"Of course!" 

"Ok, then. That's a dick you have in your hand or a cock and I'm going to fuck your cunt and your arse! Now, repeat that." 

"You're going to fuck my cunt and my arse with your big, huge cock," she laughed. 

She moved around, knelt over me and guided my cock into her as she kissed me. Her cunt was tight, wet, warm and felt wonderful! She groaned as she slid down on me. 

"Oh, fuck me!" 

She slowly worked herself to another orgasm as I sucked her nipples. I was so close to cumming, many times, but I was lucky enough to be able to hold off. She got off of me and knelt down on all fours, offering her arse to me. I knelt behind her, used her juices as lube and worked my finger into her arse. 

She rubbed herself as I got her well lubed and ready for my cock. I surprised her as I moved in, rubbed my cock all over her cunt, getting it wet and slid it into her cunt. I stroked her a few times, slid out and slowly started to work my cock into her arse as she opened for me and I slid it deep inside, then she pushed back to take more of me. 

"Oh, yes! Fuck my arse with your big cock! Please!" 

I grabbed her hips, worked with her rhythm and started to pump harder and deeper, in and out. I felt my cum boil as she reached her peak, deeply buried myself as she came, again, and felt my cock spurt so much cum into her as I pumped. I was out of breath and panted as my load emptied into her. We laid there, in each other's arms, to regain our senses then she sat up on one arm and smiled at me. 

"So, can I book you, again, next week for my next computer lesson? I think I'll need a lot. Maybe next week I'll concentrate on oral lessons."