 I'd opened my eyes and looked at the wall. It wasn't my wall, it was a wall of the house which had belonged to the person who was moulded onto my back. I'd visited her the previous night and she, with her feminine ways, persuaded me to stay the night. The fact she'd totally given her body to me didn't make any difference, of course. 

Aisha was a most wonderful and surprising woman and I liked her. I rolled over and moved back, a little, to look at her. She was completely naked and her breasts rose and fell as she breathed. I reached over and took a nipple between my fingers, lightly rolled and pulled it and made it spring to attention from my touch. 

I teased and played with it for a while then swapped over to the other nipple and made it hard, as well. I bent my head down, flicked her nipple with my tongue and ran my hand down her side to her sweet arse. As I sucked her nipple into my mouth, I gently caressed her arse and felt her body start to respond. 

I sucked her nipples and ran my finger down the cleft of her behind, feeling her hips move to and fro as she became aroused. Should I try to fuck her while she's asleep, I wondered. I moved my hand around to her bald cunt and ran my fingers down her lips, which were already wet and open for me. 

She opened her legs a little, murmured softly and allowed me to slide my finger deep inside of her. As I found her clit, she moved some more and became wetter, watched me, ran her fingers through my hair and guided my mouth to her nipple. 

"Mmm, now that's a nice way to wake up! I've always wanted to wake with a hard cock inside of me, too. Why didn't you fuck me while I was asleep?" 

"I was going to but I wasn't sure how you'd react. But I will the next time you're lying on your back or stomach." 

"Oh, definitely on my stomach! I have a bit of a rape fantasy." 

She smiled and rolled me onto my back, kissed me deeply, moved over me, grabbed my cock and slid herself down onto me and buried me deeply inside of her. Her tongue explored my mouth as she slowly moved up and down on me, while my fingers played with and pulled her nipples. 

"Oh, yes! Stretch them for me, make them tingle!" 

I twisted and pulled her nipples and her movements became more frantic as she slammed herself down on my hard cock. I thrusted up into her as I put my hand on her arse, held and guided her as she moaned and grunted, I could tell she was close so I let myself go. 

I thrusted harder into her and felt my cum as it boiled up from my balls. She screwed her eyes shut and clenched her teeth as she started to cum. She yelled out as she felt me spray cum deep inside of her hot cunt then fell onto me, showering me with kisses. 

As I sat in the kitchen, while Aisha cooked me toast, my mobile rang. It was Sue. 

"Hi, handsome! What do you have planned for tonight?" 

"Not much. Why, what's happening?" 

"Nick is having a party at her home. There'll be about a dozen people there. Should be fun!" 

"Ah, ok. I'll have to let you know. What's the theme for the party?" 

"The usual." 

"Oh, erotic dress!" 

"Yeah, that's it. I hope you can go!" 

"Ok, I'll let you know this afternoon. See ya." 

Aisha turned to me and looked at me quizzically. 

"A party? Are you making dates with other women after having recently fucking me?" 

"No. If you had carefully listened, I said I would let her know, later. It depends on what you want to do." 

"Hmm, I'm not sure I like this. I should have all of your attention. It sounds like an orgy more than a party to me," she laughed. 

"Yeah, it'll probably turn out like that." 

She looked straight into my eyes. 

"So, are you going to go with her, or me? You didn't invite me to it. Are you ashamed of being seen with a dumb little Muslim chick?" 

I looked at her, surprised. 

"I haven't invited you because I thought your beliefs would stop you from going. After all, you'd end up naked in front of lots of other people, half of them would be men." 

"Hmm, you might be surprised. Tell me more." 

"Well, basically, we wear erotic dress which means the most revealing clothes we can think of. We have a few drinks and chat, there's a hot tub to use and lots of cushions and a couple of beds for play." 

"Ok. So, would I be cramping your style, with this Sue, if I went with you?" 

"I don't know but I do have an idea. How'd you like to come with Sue and me? We could dress up in a theme. Do you have another of those harem outfits in your size?" 

"Yes, I do. What are you thinking, having two genies?" 

"No, two slave girls. Are you game to be my slave and do anything I tell you?" 

"Yes, Master." 

I picked up my mobile and rang Sue. 

"Hi, Sue. I'll be going but you need to meet me at a friend's house an hour before the party. Don't worry about what to wear as I have arranged an outfit for you...and be prepared for something different." 

I went out to a costume-for-hire shop and hired an outfit, for me, that'd be erotic and portray me as the girls' Master. I returned back at Aisha's house, about a half an hour before Sue was due to arrive, and Aisha was waiting for me. 

"Should I get dressed?" 

"No, I want you to dress with Sue so you can help her into her costume and with her role as a slave for tonight." 

There was a knock on the door, Aisha went to open it, I heard voices and Sue was led into the kitchen. 

"Hi, Sue. You've met Aisha, she's coming to the party with us but only if you agree." 

"That's fine with me but will she fit in?" 

"I'm sure she will but I thought we'd have some fun. Are you up for something different?" 

"Tell me and I'll see." 

"Ok. Well, Aisha has a couple of pretty dam hot looking harem outfits and I thought both of you could wear them, go as my slave girls and do anything, and I mean anything, I tell you." 

"If it's fine with Aisha, I'm up for it!" 

Aisha lowered her eyes. 

"I do as my Master bids me." 

"First, Aisha, I want you to kiss Sue like you kiss me!" 

Aisha looked at Sue, walked over to her, looked deep into her eyes, slid her arms around her and softly kissed her. Sue responded as she opened her mouth and Aisha's tongue slid into it. Aisha rubbed Sue's back and arse and pressed into her as Sue held Aisha's soft body. 

Slowly, they became more involved, forgot where they were and what they were doing and slowly became more and more aroused. Sue slid her hand into Aisha's pants and caressed her soft bum as Aisha slid her hand up Sue's top onto her tits. Her hand work on Sue's nipples and Sue pressed her cunt into Aisha's body. 

"Ok, girls, save the rest for tonight. Go get dressed, now, and come back here when you've finished. You're not to wear any underwear, at all, under your outfits and, from now on, when I give you a command, you're to answer...Yes, Master. Have you got that?" 

Both girls bowed their heads. 

"Yes, Master." 

I met the girls about a half of an hour later. I'd already put my costume on which was basically some leather straps and a piece of leather covering my arse, cock and balls. The girls looked fantastic! Their nipples were barely visible through their tops and their legs and bums moved silently under the material. I took the bag, removed two leather collars and placed one around Aisha's and Sue's necks. Neither of them were tight but they couldn't be slipped off, either. 

"These are for show. When we get there, I'll hook a lead strap onto both of you and drag you into the party. We should cause quite a riot. Are you both ready to go?" 

"Yes, Master," Sue said. 

"As my Master wishes," Aisha said. 

We entered the car, both girls rode in the back as I drove. As we drove along, the girls kissed deeply. 

"That's enough, you two. I didn't give you permission." 

They stopped, straight away. 

"Yes, Master," they chorused. 

We arrived at Nick's house and went to the door. Before we knocked, I attached the lead straps to the girls' collars and had them stand three feet behind me. Hiding behind the door, as usual, Nick answered it. 

"Hi! What are you up to?" she asked. 

"I brought my slave girls for our pleasure," I smiled and pulled the two girls forward. 

"Oh!" 

Nick caught on, immediately. 

"They look like low objects. Do you think they're worthy of our interest?" 

"Oh, yes! One is an infidel, the other is a believer in the true god and both are from good families." 

Aisha let out a gasp and bowed. 

"Yes, Master." 

"Ah, you have this one well trained but what about the other?" 

"She's new and needs some lessons, I fear, but is willing to learn." 

Sue bowed her head. 

"Yes, Master." 

I led both of them into the house. 

"Dispense with your usual greetings tonight, Nick. Perhaps my slaves can take over your task, instead." 

"I haven't been greeting people, as I usually do, tonight but, if you think your slaves can take my place, then you're welcome to it" 

As we stood near the door, someone knocked and I opened it to find an attractive couple in their mid-twenties. 

"Welcome to Nick's home. I'm Bill and I'm here to welcome you. Please, enter and enjoy." 

They went inside and I instructed the girls to help them take off their coats. Underneath, he was wearing a G-string and she was in a pink teddy that hid nothing. 

"Welcome our guests in the manner of the house. Sue, you welcome the Master and Aisha, you welcome the mistress." 

The couple looked at the girls and smiled. Sue moved to the man and knelt, took out his cock, which rapidly started to harden, and started to lick it until it was completely hard. Then, she took it into her mouth, slowly sucked it and worked it into her throat. Aisha seemed lost as she looked at me. 

"Silly girl, come here," I said. 

She came over, head bowed, and I whispered in her ear. 

"Eat her until she cums then deeply kiss her." 

"I hope you'll excuse my slave, she didn't understand." 

Aisha went over to the lady, knelt at her feet, bowed down and started to lick her toes and slowly worked her way up to the lady's teddy. Aisha unclipped the teddy, exposed the lady's hairless cunt and started to lick and suck her lips as I offered the woman, whose name was Anne, a chair. 

Anne sat down, raised and opened her legs so Aisha could get to her easier. Aisha sucked and licked Anne's cunt and slid two fingers deep inside of her. Anne put her head back and sighed, put her hands on Aisha's head and started to slowly fuck her face until she grunted and came. Aisha stood, leant down and kissed Anne deeply. 

I looked at Sue and the man, Phil, had his hands firmly on her head and grunted as he deeply fucked her mouth and throat. Then, I watched Sue swallow as he sprayed deeply into her. Once he'd finished, she stood and kissed him deeply, which he enjoyed. As they moved away, there was another knock on the door so I turned to the girls. 

"You know what to do! Aisha, this time, you take the man." 

I opened the door and a couple stood there. She was slim, about forty years old and looked great. He was tall, well-built and stood about six feet, nine inches, or so, tall but what struck me the most about him was his very, very dark skin. 

Aisha looked at me and smiled, welcomed the couple inside, took his coat and knelt down in front of him. He had worn a G-string which almost contained his cock. She drew it out and started to run her hands up and down it, then followed with her tongue. She licked his hard cock up and down then took him into her mouth and slowly worked him into her throat. 

It was an amazing show as he was very large, and she was quite petite, but she didn't choke when she took him. People had gathered around to either watch Aisha suck his cock or Sue eat out his partner, Ali. Ali had pierced nipples and she sat with her legs spread as wide as they'd go, her head back, as she pulled the piercings to stretch her nipples. 

Aisha put on the best show as she sat on her feet and, I was able to tell by the way she moved, rubbed her cunt with her ankle while pleasuring him. She worked him in and out as he moaned and urged her on. He put his hand on the back of her head and started to pump as he forced her mouth down further until, finally, he yelled out as he sprayed into her mouth. She swallowed every drop. I looked over at Sue to see Ali force Sue's head into her cunt as she grunted and came. Both Aisha and Sue stood up and deeply kissed the person they had welcomed. Nick came over to me. 

"That's all I'd expected!" 

"I have another surprise," I told her. 

"Excuse me ladies and gentlemen. In a few minutes, in the room over there, the floor show will begin and, believe me, you won't want to miss it!" 

I led the girls over to the room. 

"Ok, Aisha, I want you to dance as you have for me then I want you to undress Sue and make love to her. Do you think you can do that?" 

"Oh, yes, Master!" 

I put the CD in the player, as she organized things, opened the door and ushered everyone in. Then, I stood in the middle of the room and announced. 

"Ladies and gentlemen. I'd like to present to you, for the first time in public, my little slaves, Aisha and Sue." 

Sue turned on the music and Aisha slowly started to dance. I was able to tell she was nervous but, as she got into it, she relaxed and really started to swing her hips. Slowly, her clothes came off until she was down to a very thin covering over her tits and hips. She danced over to Tom, the black guy, and offered her top to him, which he pulled off and exposed her tits. Everyone applauded. 

She then slowly danced around to me and offered her pants. I knew they unclipped and pulled off so I made a great show as I slowly unclipped them, so no one could see, and quickly stripped them off of her. Everyone gasped at her beauty and applauded her talent. She stood there, naked, for a second then started to play with and squeeze her tits and pulled her nipples. She stretched them out until her tits were also stretched out as far as possible, shaped like two funnels, then let them go to snap back to her chest. 

Sue stood, walked over to Aisha and danced as she slowly undressed. Aisha helped her strip off and when her tits came into view, she played with them. She placed her mouth on one nipple, then the other and sucked and bit as Sue ran her fingers through Aisha's hair and guided her head. 

Both girls stood there, naked, and kissed. They sank to the floor in a mass of arms and legs, moved into a sixty-nine position and started to eat and finger each other. Nick had brought out some toys and handed them to me. I called the girls and handed them the toys. 

Aisha took two of them and whispered something to Sue. Sue laid on her back and Aisha placed the biggest dildo, a big black one, which was extraordinarily large, on the floor. It had a flat bottom so it could sit on the floor and face up. Sue held it as Aisha sat on it, filling her dripping cunt. Sue lapped at her clit while Aisha rode up and down on the dildo. 

A naked woman from the crowd fingered her own cunt as she moved over to Sue. She knelt down and started to suck and finger Sue as Sue bent her legs back to her chest in order to open herself up for the woman. 

Aisha had groaned as she rode the big dong and worked its full length in and out. She slid off of it and slightly moved to ensure it was wet and slick with her juices. She aimed it at her arse, slid straight down onto it and took its full length inside of her arse. All of the women were amazed, and gasped at the sight, as she took the huge dong into her arse. 

About that time, I was distracted by Nick's mouth on my hard cock as she sucked me and played with my balls. She was very hot and looked up at me. 

"You can come to any of my parties as long as you bring the entertainment!" 

A guy moved behind her and slid his cock deep inside of her as she worked on my cock. I looked over at Aisha to find she had replaced the dong with a real, black cock. She had moved wildly and grunted loudly as she rode one guy while she had the black guy deep inside of her arse. 

Nick was absorbed in being fucked and, as I looked around, another woman came over, took my hand and led me to one of the bedrooms where another couple was fucking. They looked up, smiled and made room for us on the bed. The woman laid down on her back as her head hung off of the edge of the bed, pulled me to her and slid her face onto my cock. I fucked her mouth and throat as I pulled her nipples and fingered her. She took my cock out of her mouth. 

"My name's Stacy and I like it hard and rough, Master." 

I leant over, slapped Stacy's cunt, she jumped and slid my cock deep into her mouth and throat, again. I pulled her legs past my hips, which made her wide open cunt face the ceiling and worked three, then four, fingers deep inside of her. She had become wetter and she bucked as I slid my fifth finger inside of her and fisted her as I pulled her nipples and twisted them, hard! 

I pulled out of her mouth, pulled her legs around so she faced me then rolled her onto her stomach. I laid on her back and slid my cock deep into her cunt as I fucked her, hard! She groaned and moaned, when I pulled out and rammed my cock inside of her arse, and bucked her hips as I fucked her, harder and harder, and slammed into her arse. 

Stacy's hand was on her cunt as she screamed out in ecstasy and I grunted and groaned as I emptied my burning lava into her bowels. After I'd cum, I rolled off of her as she moved over and sucked my withering cock until it was clean of our combined juices. 

"That's the first time I've done anal but it won't be the last, Master!" 

The alcohol must've been too much for me as I awoke in the morning in bed. On one side, I had Aisha, on the other, I had Sue and, at my feet, was Stacy, the last woman I'd fucked. They were all sleeping and, as I looked at the woman at my feet, I thought, I think I've found a new slave/slut to add to my harem.