 This actually happened just a short time ago. I received a phone call from my in-laws. My sister-in-law Rose was having trouble setting up and accessing her e-mail. I went over to Rose's and Jack's house one Saturday morning. Jack, my brother-in-law, was at work when I arrived. Rose had the computer turned on and ready to go when I arrived. Rose is basically computer illiterate, it didn't take too long until I got things up and running. 

Rose was standing behind me as I was sitting on the chair at the computer terminal. With my back to her, I asked if she understood what I did. I didn't get a reply so I turned around. Rose and I were face-to- face, just inches apart. It seemed like time froze for a few moments. Before you knew it, we were kissing each other.

Rose sat down on my lap and she opened her mouth to me. I kissed her deeply with my tongue. As we kissed I worked my hands up underneath her t-shirt and undid her bra. Pulling the bra aside, I placed the palms of my hands on her nipples and rubbed them.Rose had medium size breasts, but she had big nipples.

Everything seemed to get totally out of control. Rose was grinding down against my crotch with her ass. Needless to say, I could feel my cock growing harder in my trousers. It went on like this for some minutes until Rose stood up. She pulled her shorts off, revealing a pussy that was trimmed to a slit. She also slid the zipper down on my pants and pulled them and my underwear down to my ankles.

My cock was standing straight and proud. Pre-cum was oozing from the tip. Rose took hold of my shaft and arranged herself above my cockhead. She then sunk down. She worked her pussylips all around me. She slowly moved up and down my thick pole. Rose threw her head back and started to make love noises. I then moved my hands to her hips and pushed her down on top of my cock completely.

The air left Rose's lungs as she felt my cock drive up into her passage. I began to move my hips up and feed her my cock. I was kissing her and pinching her nipples as we fucked there on the computer chair. 

"Oh God Rob, fill me with that stiff cock of yours," Rose was urging me.

I was pounding her with the hardest strokes I could produce. I felt her juices running out of her pussy and onto my lap. I think we had lost all control by that time. I could feel her muscles clamping hard down around my love muscle. It was then that I let loose.

I squirted a thick load of seed into her pussy and Rose came as well. I had my arms tight around her body by then. Holding Rose to me and filling her with as much cum as I could muster. Eventually we managed to cool down a bit. Rose pulled free from me and went to the bathroom to clean up.

When Rose returned I was still seated in the chair. She took my hand and pulled me up and I fell onto her and we fell to the floor. Rose spread her thighs and I got in between them. I rubbed my shaft across her swollen pussy until I was once more rock hard. I then split her cunt with my cock.

I pushed all the way to the bottom. Rose placed her legs around me and we went at it hard and fast. I pumped into her, my balls making slapping noises against her ass. Rose told me later, that sound made her completely insane with lust. I gave her the longest strokes I could. Pulling out of her, with the tip of my cock barely inside, then sliding in all the way.

We went at it until we both heard a sound. A car was pulling into the driveway. I quickly pulled out of Rose and gathered my pants up. Rose grabbed her clothes and ran to the half bathroom that was downstairs at her house. I barely had zipped up when my brother-in-law Jack, came bounding in.

"I see you got the e-mail fixed," was all Jack had time for.

Rose then came out from the bathroom. Her face was flushed and I could see she only had her t-shirt on, she was missing her bra. Where she ditched the bra, I did know, but her nipples were hard and poking through her t-shirt. Luckily my brother-in-law didn't notice or didn't comment on it. Before I left I told Rose I would call her soon. A big smile came across her face.

A few days later we had lunch. Rose sat across from me and told me her feelings. She and Jack weren't making love much these days. That Saturday morning, I had caught her in a particularly horny phase. Another thing in my favor was that I was bigger and thicker than her husband, Jack. Rose told me it felt so much better when my cock was inside her. I couldn't argue about that!

As we ate, I could feel Rose's toes rubbing against my pants. She was teasing me and my cock was growing stiff. We had to cut lunch short. Fucking at home was much too dangerous, so I got us a motel room for the afternoon. Once inside, We were stripped each other and Rose fell on top of me. 

She said she liked to be on top, so she could control the action. I had no problems with that. This time however, Rose used her mouth on me. She took my cock in hand and wrapped her lips around me. She sucked me until I was hard as wood. I thought I was going to pop, so I told her to get on top of me.

Rose worked her puffy pussylips down around my shaft once more. I took her asscheeks and pulled them apart. Raising my ass from the bed I rammed her gash with everything I possessed. Rose was very loud and she screamed as I took her. She was mine now, I was going to enjoy every second of her. As Rose rode my cock, I found her tits once again. I pinched them and she urged me to squeeze them harder.

We fucked for well over an hour. I finally flipped her onto her back and we finished what was abruptly halted at Rose's house. Rose begged me for my sticky baby seed. I flooded her pussy with my thick cum. I spurted time and time again. As I looked down, Rose was sweating profusely and looked spent. I left my cock inside her and she had her orgasms then. I felt her pussy grasping me as we finished out our lovemaking.

I grew soft and pulled out. We kissed and touched for awhile and Rose told me she wanted this to go on. She didn't want a couple of quickies and then let me go. Rose would get no fight from me. We would continue to meet in discrete places and fuck and suck as we needed it. I hope to relate more experiences soon with my hot sister-in-law.