 Chloe was late for school, again! With her long, dark hair floating in the wind behind her, her very large 36D breasts bouncing within the confines of her lacy white bra, and her black saddle shoes pounding the concrete with each hurried extension of her long, muscular but very feminine legs, up the stony stairs to her senior all girls high school, she drew stares from any living, straight member of the opposite sex. As she pushed her way through the large doors to the beautiful old building where she attended her twelfth grade year, she was met with the silence of the empty hallways.

“Dammit!” she cursed under her breath, her chest heaving with each intake of air, “Class has already started, I’m gonna be in shit with Mr. Williams. As she hurried as fast as she could down a flight of stairs to her English class, she caught the time on a nearby clock out of the corner of her eye- 8:45am, that was only 15 minutes late, maybe she’s be ok. As Chloe reached the doorway, she peered in and was relieved to see that Mr. Williams was talking to a few students in a corner of the room, and that all the desks had been moved out of their rows into groups; this meant that he had given them a group help class to work on the homework- he only did this when the work was exceptionally difficult. She quietly opened the door and slid into the quietly chatting classroom and quickly joined 2 of her friends. Maybe he wouldn’t even notice…

“Glad you could find time to join us Chloe” Mr. Williams said, with a small smile on his young face. Mr. Williams was the youngest teacher at the school, it was only his second year there, and at 26, most of the students regarded him as not only ‘pretty hot’ but also as a reasonable and nice guy. “May I have a word with you for a moment?” 

At this Chloe felt her face redden slightly as she stood up and walked to the area of the class where he was standing. “I’m sorry I’m late sir,” she started, her hands fidgeting nervously in front of her. “I missed my bus and ran all the way here, but I promise it won’t happen again.” He seemed to think things over for a minute.

“I believe you Chloe, but I’m afraid I’ll have to ask you to come in after school for about an hour. I already explained the homework everyone is working on, and I’d like you to work on it independently for the rest of the class, and bring in what you have completed after school, and I’ll check on how you’re grasping this as it is new and difficult material.” He reached into his briefcase and pulled out a couple sheets of paper, and handed them over to her, his strong hands brushing her soft, small ones for a moment, sending bolts of electricity through her curvatious body. 

“Yes sir,” she spoke quietly, “I’ll be here right after class.” And with that, she walked back to her seat, separating it from her friends. When she bent over to pick up her backpack, she had the familiar feeling of someone staring down her shirt, but when she looked up, she didn’t notice anyone looking her direction. Shrugging it off, she sat down and began trying to figure out the work she had been given.

At three o’clock sharp, Chloe slowly weaved her way through the crowd of students flowing out of the school, to Mr. William’s class. She had only managed to get through about half the problems, finding the others too difficult to solve. If she wanted to keep up her mark in his class, she’d defiantly need some help with these. She walked into the empty room and sat down in a seat near the front of the room, and waited for him to arrive. A few minutes later, he arrived. Giving her a quick smile, he said “Thank you for being on time Chloe, with the difficulty of these problems, we’ll need all the time we have available,” he locked the door, “and the privacy. There’s nothing I hate more than interruptions when I’m working. How about you?”

“I agree sir, I find these grammar problems very tricky and I’m sure I’ll need a lot of concentration to understand them.”

“How many of them did you manage to solve?” He asked, now leaning against the desk directly beside her.

“About half” 

“Well then, what seems to be the trouble with the others?” He asked, moving behind her, leaning over her so he could see the problems on her desk, as well as a generous view of very large breasts under her white cotton shirt. He made sure it didn’t look like he was staring; he didn’t want her to know how hard she made him… at least not yet. He wanted to have some fun first.

“I’m not exactly sure Mr. Williams.” She began. Feeling the warmth of him behind her made her nipples hard and her shaved pussy begin to moisten already. “I just cannot figure out how to correct the problems. There doesn’t seem to be anything wrong with them.”

In fact, there wasn’t. He had just been trying to get her to come in for help for weeks now; he wanted to be alone with her. She was, in his mind at least, a very attractive girl. Long dark hair, pale skin, large brown eyes, full pouty lips, huge tits, long muscular legs, sure, she had a little bit of meat on her, but it just made her all the more sexy- she looked like a woman should: curvy, sexy, and innocent. He felt his cock growing hard, and judging by the stiffness of her nipples, she wasn’t exactly benign to the fact that she was enjoying him being so close to her young body. 

“Well,” he started, moving closer so that his body was actually touching hers, “why don’t we try to figure them out together? Let’s go up to my desk where there’s more room. Just pull up a chair right beside mine.” He quickly moved to his desk to conceal his hardness (for now) and so that he could watch her body move over to him.

“Yes sir.” She picked up her papers and a pen, and dragged a nearby chair over and placed it right beside him, sitting as close as she could, wanting to feel his presence near her again. 

He was pleased at how close she sat to him. “Maybe this won’t be too hard.” He thought happily. As he started to go over the questions Chloe had already completed, he tested the waters so to speak, with small things. He’d brush his hand against hers, touch his knee to hers, and once he worked up the courage, he even went as far as putting his hand on her knee. 

As soon as his hand touched her skin, she was overcome by desire. He wanted to feel his hands on more than her knee. He was a teacher, and she was his student, but she didn’t care. Her and her boyfriend had broken up months ago, and she hadn’t had sex in a long time- too long. And she knew Mr. Williams would be 10 times the lover that Phil, her lousy college sophomore ex was. He rarely gave her an orgasm, and he would almost never go down on her. Without even realizing it, her hand dropped to cover his.

“FUCK!” he thought to himself. Is she going to push me away? Report me? Get me fired? But luckily he didn’t have to worry. To his shock, he saw her pushing his hand further up her thigh, until it was right at the bottom hem of her little plaid skirt. She groaned when he stopped. He grinned.

“Please don’t stop sir,” she started, “I need it so bad. I need you to make me come, to eat my pussy, to fuck me like I’ve never been fucked before. Please- I’m so wet for you already, see?” And with that she pulled his hand up to her bare, and shaven pussy lips, which by now were almost dripping wet. She had removed her thong before she came to his classroom.

Still half in shock, his ran his fingers gently over her soft lips, feeling her wetness, causing her to utter a low purring moan. Fuck she was hot. Hell, who was he to deny a beautiful girl her requests. Slowly moving his hand from under her skirt, he moved to play with the buttons on her shirt. “How long has it been since you’ve been with a boy Chloe?” he started, slowly undoing the buttons until her shirt was wide open and her beautiful large tits in her lacey bra were exposed.

“I-It’s been months.” She confessed. “My boyfriend hardly ever gave me orgasms, and he only went down on me once or twice, no matter how much I begged him to. I’ve been so horny lately it’s been so hard to concentrate. Can you help me, please?”

He planned to do that and them some. “Take off your shirt for me, slowly, then your bra, then your skirt. Leave your knee socks and shoes on.” He ordered, turning to face her so that she had her first view of his tented pants. He saw her eye it and smile. She slowly slid out of her open shirt and let it fall to the floor beneath her. Swaying her hips slightly, she reached behind and undid the hooks to her bra and slid down the straps, letting it fall to the floor on top of her shirt. He very large breasts were free now, her large nipples hard and puckered. It took all his willpower not to jump forward and suck on them. Next came the skirt, and the gasp he couldn’t help but utter to find nothing underneath but a perfectly shaven wet pussy. He wrapped one hand around behind her and cupped her tight little ass, pulling her down onto his lap. They kisses with such intensity that within minutes he was grinding his crotch into hers at full force. 

She felt so hot and so close to coming that she began feverishly tearing open his shirt and pulling it from his muscular body. When she went for his belt, he stopped her and without and explanation, plopped her down on top of his desk. He laid her down so that she was on her back, and her butt was in line with the edge of the desk and her legs were over his shoulders. Slowly, he kissed his way up her inner thighs, relishing in the smoothness of them, growing hungry by the fragrance coming from her young, wet pussy. He ran his tongue slowly up her slit to hear her gasp and moan, and without warning, rammed his tongue inside of her. He replaced his tongue with his finger and slowly fucked her with it, while he turned his tongue’s attention to her hard little clit. Pulling the little bud into her mouth, he held it between his lips and flicked It over and over again with the tip of his tongue, causing her to scream and thrash widly on his desk, her breasts bouncing up and down. All the rooms in the school were soundproof, so he didn’t worry about her response- he loved a girl who could be loud. Sensing that she was close to cumming, he began to relentlessly suck on her little clit harder and harder, fingering her faster and faster until she was clamping down on his finger and splashing his face with her cum. Man she came hard and long, but that didn’t stop him, he just kept going, not letting up even for a second until she had cum like that fro him twice more. 

He stood up and removed his pants and boxers, his now achingly hard cock stood up and seemed even larger than his 7 and a half inch measurement. She looked so hat, her body glistening, her breast swaying as she slowly sat up, her eyes glazed in a happy sort of trance. She kissed him hard and sucked no his tongue greedily, thanking him without words for the hardest and best cums of her life. She wanted to repay him. Without warning she broke the kiss and dropped to he knees, smiling as his cock pressed against her face. He groaned loudly as her young lips wrapped around the head of his cock and suckled on it, her tongue playing with the sensitive underside of it. Inch by inch, she slowly teased him into her mouth and began to suck on it harder. With one big breath, she slowly slid all of him in, until she was deepthroating all of him, loving the feel of his thick, hard cock in her small mouth. If there was one thing she learned with Phil, it was how to suck cock. She worked with such intensity on his cock, that within minutes he felt like he was going to explode. As she started to caress his balls with her soft little fingers they both knew he was past the point of no return. This only made her increase her efforts until he came with shot after shot of cum into her waiting mouth. She swallowed all of it, milking all she could out of him, and was shocked to find him still hard. 

He couldn’t believe it, not many girls had this effect on him. She made him so fucking hot, he wanted to fuck her badly. Gently pulling her face up from his hard member, he kissed her, playing with her nipples and cupping her heavy, large, firm breasts, making her moan for him to put his mouth on her. Greedily, he sucked a nipple into his mouth hard, and toyed with her nipple until she was almost screaming in ecstasy, before moving to the next one. Suddenly, he couldn’t fight it any longer and spun her around until her ass was pressed against he cock. He bent her over to she was leaning against his desk and he was lined up with her waiting cunt. He pressed into her opening and shoved himself inside her all the way, not taking mercy on her. She seemed to like it like that. He was shocked to feel how amazingly tight she was around him and how fucking wet she still was. He pounded into her hard and fast, being fueled by his own lust and her moans and screams. His balls were slapping against her young ass ass he fucked her. As he felt himself close to cumming again, he moved his hand infront of her and begain forcefully playing with her clit until she was cumming hard for him.

“You like that you little slut don’t you?”

“Oh fuck yeah!” She screamed, grinding into him harder. “I love it when you fuck me hard and make me scream. You make my pussy so wet with your hard cock.”

That did it, and right before he was about to cum, he began to rim her asshole with this lubed finger, causing her to cum again at the new sensation. Feeling her pussy clamp down on him made him thrust one last time before spurting his cum deep inside of her for what seemed like a minute straight until he was drained and he finally began to go limp.=inside of her before pulling out. 

After collapsing onto his chair together for a few minutes they got dressed and composed themselves. Before she left to go home, she gave him a hard, deep kiss and told him that she’d try to be late for class again the next day.