 My boyfriend was away at his concert on a hot summer night. I was at home getting the house ready for his "present". The windows were open letting a warm summer breeze dance through the house. Candles were lit everywhere giving the room the gentle flickering light. I was dressed in his favorite outfit of mine. It was a tight plaid mini skirt and a black halter top. 

I finally heard the keys in the door and he walked into the room with exhausted yet shocked look on his face. I walked over to him and passionately kissed him. His hands traveled down my body to my ass. He tightly grabbed my ass and picked me up. I wrapped my legs around his body, and I began to feel his body heat travel throughout my own body. 

He flings me onto the couch and kneels down and starts softly kissing up my legs. He gently glides his warm tongue up past my knee to my inner thigh. He softly nibbles my thighs, mixed with ticklish licking. He took off my skirt and kissed my lower stomach. He gently slipped his fingers underneath the elastic to my panties. He moved down and pulled them off with his hands while his lips followed by trails of kisses. 

He begins to eat me out, softly rolling his tongue on my clit. Every little move, I gasp and moan for more pleasure. He slowly parts my lips and begins licking my soft wet pussy. He surprisingly slides one finger inside, moving the tight flesh aside and begins pumping in and out. I scream and begin digging my nails into his shoulders. I come to my senses and remember I am to be pleasing him. So I make him stop and I sit on his lap. 

I begin kissing his lips, moving to his neck. I teasingly suck his neck while licking. I unbutton his shirt and begin kissing every inch of his chest. I mischievously move down to the floor and my kisses are getting lower and lower on his body. I take off his pants and his boxers. I slowly begin to suck and lick his head. I lick my lips and glide my lips up and down his shaft like an ice-cream cone. Inch by inch his dick enters into my mouth. I start bobbing up and down faster with each move; he puts his hands in my hair and begins directing my motions. I bring him up to his climax and stop because I want him to fuck me and feel his juices shoot in my body. 

I stand up and move to sit on his upper thighs. I start kissing his chest making sure every nerve in his body is on end. Finally when he is yearning to go deep inside my pussy, I slowly inch towards his dick. I gradually begin letting him enter me, feeling my pussy contract with ever inch. Finally he is completely inside my body. He puts his hands on my hips and starts to penetrate with force. He fucks me deeper and deeper with every motion he makes. Our bodies begin to glisten in the candle lit while we come closer to a climax. My pussy is now on fire with the friction of his dick vigorously fucking me. As my screams become louder and closer together he pumps me harder. Finally I feel steamy hot cum shoot up inside my body. Making me have an intense multiple orgasms.

We collapse into each other and hold one another until we have caught our breath. I then realize that he is still hot from his concert and he hasn't had a chance to cool off. I lead him to our back yard bringing whipped cream with me. I tell him to get into the pool and just relax because I have a sweet treat coming his way.

I then spray the whipped cream on my body. The light fluffy cream awakens my body and sends warm tingles to my pussy. I put on a whipped cream bikini and walk over to the pool side. I ask him if he wants any other toppings added, he opens his eyes and looks at me with excitement. He comes near the stairs of the pool and tells me to starting coming in. I bring the whipped cream to the poolside for later use. I get in the pool about upper knee depth. He holds my thighs and leans up on my body and sucks the whipped cream off my skin. He picks me up and brings me in the pool more as he is licking and sucking the whipped cream off my breast. 

He tells me he wants my pussy to taste even sweeter, so he sits me on the ledge of the pool and gets the whipped cream. He sprays the cold cream on my hot pussy. He then forcefully licks all around my pussy spreading my juices everywhere. He sprays more cream on my pussy then picks me up and puts me on his shoulders. He swims to the deeper end while he is eating me out. Then he slips and we fall under water. 

We have passionate kisses under water and come up for air. The lights in the pool are off and can hardly see the floor of the pool. I dive down to get my hair out my face and when I come up I can not see him. Then I feel a current of water flow past my legs. I turn and look behind me. Then suddenly he grabs my hips and takes me under water. I was scared yet the anxiety in my body made me wetter. We playfully wrestled underneath the water. And then in the middle of our play he was gone again.

We moved to the shallow end of the pool during our fondling. Unexpectedly he picked me up out of the water and I wrapped my legs around his body. I slid down his chest to his dick and he entered in my pussy again. He began to thrust me harder than before. He pushed me up to the side of the pool and fucked me so dominatingly. 

He picked me up out of the pool and laid us down on the ground. He was on top of me and with one hand pinned my hands down above my head. With his other hand he moved one of my legs up so he could go in even deeper. I felt so defenseless, as he pumped in and out of my body with me pinned down. He started to slow down and begin going deeper and slower inside me. I felt his body getting pressed up against my clit, which made me go wild and have one of the few orgasms I had before he came. As he came closer to cumming he lifted my leg up higher and began to kiss it as we fucked each other. Finally we came again. Leaving our bodies completely worn out. He picked me up and laid me down in our bed. 

The next day he was to go to the recording studio to make his album. I decided to go along with him. 

It just so happened we had another erotic escapade. If any of you think I should write about it email me and tell me, if I have enough encouragement then I will.