 My name is Joe and I am relocating to Ft. Lauderdale from New York, because of my job. I've looked at some condos online, but I wasn't really familiar with the area nor with what was fair market price on the different units I was looking at. I decided that I might be better off with a real estate agent, and I made some calls. I called Century 21 in Ft. Lauderdale on a Monday morning and spoke with Wendy. I explained what I was looking for and where I would be working. She understood my requirements and we made a date to meet that weekend so I could see some properties.

I flew in on Friday night and Wendy picked me up at 11 the next morning at my hotel. I met her in the lobby and I was happily surprised with what I saw. Wendy is about 35 years old, 5'7", brown hair with stunning green eyes. Her black slacks and red button down blouse accentuated her slim figure, with just enough visible cleavage from what I estimated to be 36C breasts. Red pumps and a French manicure completed her look. Just to complete the picture, I am 42, 5'10", average build with brown hair.

"It's nice to meet you, Joe," Wendy said while extending her well manicured hand. "I found several properties to show you today."

I returned her soft handshake replying " I can't wait to get started." Wendy then led me out to the parking lot to her white Lexus. As we drove off she opened the sunroof letting the warm sun beam down on us. 

"Before we go to the first property I have to show you, I want to drive you around a little to show you the area." Wendy stated. She showed me several parks and shopping areas. As we passed an elementary school, she asked how old my kids were.

"I don't have any children." I replied. "I've been divorced a couple of years now, and my ex-wife and I never had kids."

"Oh." was all Wendy replied, as she drove past the school. A couple of minutes later we pulled up to the first condo she wanted to show me. The building appeared to be an older one. As we walked inside, I walked a little behind her and looked her up and down. Her hair fell to just below her shoulders, and her ass looked firm with no visible panty lines. Wendy said, "The unit I want to show you is on the second floor." As I snapped back to reality, she continued to say, "It has 2 bedrooms, 2 baths and they're asking $875 thousand. The monthly maintenance is $800."

As we walked around the condo, I wasn't keen on what I saw. The appliances in the kitchen needed updating as well as both of the bathrooms. Also, there was no view of the ocean. "I'm not feeling it." I told Wendy. "What else do you have to show me?"

"I have plenty I want to show you." was Wendy's reply. "Let's go to the next one on my list." She smiled at me with those perfectly white teeth of hers, and we went on our way. We saw two more condos and Wendy caught me checking her out on a few occasions. "Do you like this place?" She asked at the third condo. It was also a 2 bed 2 bath, $950 thousand and with an ok view of the ocean. 

"I like what I see." I said, "But this condo really isn't my cup of tea." 

Wendy looked at me and smiled again, Her green eyes looking into my brown ones. "I think I know what you're looking for." After a short pause, she continued, "Let me research a couple of more condos to show you tomorrow." We got back into Wendy's car and she brought me back to my hotel. "Pick you up at 10 tomorrow. Make sure you're ready for me." As she drove off, she waved goodbye through her sunroof.

I went back to my room, and the rest of the afternoon and night I couldn't get the sight of Wendy and her green eyes out of my head. 

The next morning I woke up at 8am. I was excited to start my day and I showered and shaved, still thinking about Wendy. I went into the hotel restaurant and had breakfast. Wendy was punctual, and was walking into the lobby as paid my breakfast check. Wendy looked great! Today she was wearing a black skirt that was halfway up her thigh giving me my first glimpse of her toned legs and calves. She wore black pumps and a turquoise blouse, similar to the red one she wore the day before, revealing her cleavage once again. Greeting me with a smile she shook my hand again, this time letting it linger. "Had a good breakfast? Wendy asked.

"Yeah, I'm comfortably full." I replied.

"Good. You'll need your energy. I have a few places to show you today." Wendy said.

Once again, we got into her car. As she got in to drive, her skirt hiked a bit higher showing me more thigh. The sun shone in through the open roof again and her hair was being tossed lightly as the wind hit it. My cock was starting to stiffen in my jeans as I looked at her. Her sunglasses hid from me any evidence of her noticing my gaze.

It was a 10 minute drive to the building she wanted to show me. She adjusted her skirt as she exited her car, and we walked inside and got into the elevator. I could smell her perfume as we rode to the 5th floor. " That's a very nice scent." I blurted out.

"You like it?" Wendy said. "It's called Desire." Wendy moved closer to me and stretched her neck inviting me in to take in the sweet scent. I breathed in when I got close to her skin and I was treated to a beautiful view of her cleavage and a bit of the black lace bra she wore.

"Ahh, that's really nice." I said to her, commenting on both her perfume and the view. The elevator doors opened and we walked a couple of doors down to the condo for sale. She showed me the unit and I had a hard time paying attention to what she was saying. Wendy stretched to reach the oak kitchen cabinet doors and squatted to touch the marble floor tile, as she continued to describe the condo's features. She knew she was getting to me. We left this condo when I realized there was a parking lot view and no pool.

"You're gonna like the next place I have to show you." Wendy said, as her skirt hiked up her thigh once again as she sat into the driver's seat. "It's brand new on the market and it's new construction." A couple of minutes later we were down the block and at the building. We got into the elevator and Wendy said, "This one is higher up on the 10th floor, with great views. It's a million two with $1000 in monthly maintenance fees, 3 bedrooms and 3 baths. Wendy grabbed my hand and led me inside the unfurnished condo.

"This is nice!" I said, still holding Wendy's soft hand. "Show me around."

Wendy showed me the kitchen and living area. She showed me two bedrooms and a couple of bathrooms. I liked this place a lot. "In here is the master bedroom and master bath." and I followed her inside. "What do you think of this place, Joe?" 

"I think I found what I was looking for." I said to Wendy.

"I think I did too." was her reply. She took a few steps closer to me and we kissed. Soft and easy kisses at first, which became more passionate as we continued. My hands were all over her body and came to rest on her firm ass. I squeezed her cheeks through her skirt. "Mmmm." She moaned into my mouth as we kissed.

I kicked off my shoes and removed my socks while Wendy unzipped her skirt, letting it drop to the floor. I unbuttoned her blouse as she undid my belt and the button to my jeans. Wendy stood before me in a black lace bra and matching thong. I told her to leave her pumps on. My cock was hard and was pushing against my boxer briefs. Wendy kissed me again and ran her fingers over my bulge. She pulled on the waistband of my briefs and released my cock, precum already beginning to drip from the opening. Wendy knelt on the carpet and studied my heavily veined 7 inches for a few seconds, before licking the precum from the tip. She took my heavy balls into her cool, soft hand, and licked the shaft and then the head of my cock before taking it into her mouth. Wendy sucked on me slowly and I felt every swirl and flick of her talented tongue. She licked and sucked on my cleanly shaven balls, as she pumped my cock with her little hand. She took me back into her warm mouth and sucked and licked my aching cock. I stood there with my eyes closed and felt my orgasm begin to overwhelm me. "I'm gonna cum!" I warned. Wendy sucked me in a little deeper and faster and I shot several jets of my cream into her mouth. Wendy swallowed what I expelled, and then laid on her back.

"You taste really good." Wendy said, and I got down on the floor between her legs to return the favor.

I pulled the wet fabric of her thong aside and slid my tongue between the puffy lips of her totally shaven pussy. I tasted her sweetness as my tongue delved deeper into her pink pussy. She was moaning quietly as I licked and sucked on her labia, and got louder when I sucked on her swelling clit. Wendy reached down and spread her pussy open for me, giving me better access to her clit. I sucked harder on her little nub and she pulled my head into her with her other hand as she started to climax. Her back arched up off the floor as she came. Sweet juices freely flowed from inside her hot pussy, coating my nose and face. I licked up as much as I could before coming up for air. 

"That was intense." Wendy finally said. "You're really good at eating pussy."

"You're skills are awesome as well." I replied.

Wendy and I kissed and she was squeezing and jerking my cock to full hardness. "Now fuck me!" She demanded, looking into my eyes. I got between her legs and aimed the head of my cock at the opening of her pussy. I pushed my way inside her, feeling how warm and snug she was. Her orgasm had lubed her really well, and I slid inside her easily. I started to thrust into her slowly at first, and then I got into a steady rhythm. Wendy wrapped her legs around my ass, and I kissed and nibbled at her neck and ears as we fucked. "I want to taste you again." Wendy said.

I laid back on the carpet and Wendy took me into her warm mouth once again. She licked off her juices and took me slowly into her throat. Her tongue licked my balls as I was nestled deep into her throat. The sensations were amazing! Wendy withdrew my throbbing cock from her mouth, then licked down the underside of my shaft, past my balls and flicked my ass with her tongue. She spread my ass cheeks and really started to tongue my ass. After a few minutes she wanted me inside of her again, and got on top of me. She removed her soaked thong and then her bra. She grabbed my cock and slowly eased me inside of her slippery pussy. She sat down on me and started to grind on the base of my dick. I reached up and played with her tits and nipples. Her head was leaning back as she fucked me. Her breathing was getting faster and more shallow, and I knew she was on the verge of her second orgasm. I reached around and grabbed her firm ass and thrust hard up into her heated pussy. Her orgasm took over, and her pussy squeezed around my cock. She was shaking as warm liquid seeped out of her pussy, over my balls and into the crack of my ass.

"Your cock is wonderful!" Wendy said between breaths. She leaned down to kiss me and then into my ear she whispered, "When I come down from my orgasm, I want you to fuck me until you fill me with your hot seed."

"You got it! I said. And a moment later, Wendy turned to the reverse cowgirl position. I gazed upon her firm ass as she slid up and down my pole. Wendy gently rolled my balls in her hand, and then I felt the finger of her other hand slip inside my ass which was slick with her cum. 

Wendy fingered my ass for a few minutes, and then she demanded, "Fuck me from behind!" She dismounted me and got on her hands and knees. I licked at her swollen pussy and ass for only a few seconds before easing the purple head of my hard cock into her pussy. Wendy put her head down on the carpet and I began to thrust hard and deep into her. Wendy was moaning and gasping each time I slammed into her. I thought I would do to her what she did to me, so I spit on her asshole and eased my thumb into her tight sphincter. Wendy let out a loud gasp as I eased my thumb in all the way to the second knuckle. "Oh yessss!" She hissed, as I wiggled it inside her. 

I was fucking Wendy for about 10 minutes and I was getting close to my second orgasm. The pressure was building, and with a grunt, I forcefully came inside of Wendy. She reached back underneath her, and massaged the cum from my balls. Wendy came again and her pussy pulsed around my cock, milking it of any remaining cream. Wendy and I collapsed onto the carpet and when my cock softened, it plopped out of her sodden pussy. I knelt next to her head and she took my cock into her mouth and cleaned me. We kissed, and I could taste our combined juices on her lips and tongue. My cum was oozing from Wendy's swollen pussy. She took two of her well manicured fingers and scooped up as much as she could and licked her fingers clean. 

Wendy and I got dressed, and the last item she put on was her lacy black thong. "I hope this is able to keep what's left of your sweet cum inside of me. I want to savor the feeling." Smiling, she kissed me. Just then, we heard the door to the condo open, and there were voices in the kitchen. We hurried and straightened ourselves. We walked out of the bedroom just as another agent with an elderly couple were on their way in. I just hope they didn't see the wet spot on the carpet of mixed pussy juice and cum that leaked from Wendy.

Wendy and I giggled on the way back to her car, proud of ourselves for not getting caught. We went back to her office where she filled out the paperwork, so I could make an offer on the condo. A few days later my offer was accepted by the builder, and I'm moving in a few weeks. I think I will ask Wendy to move in with me....and I'm not cleaning that carpet!