 He opened the door and walked into his son's second grade classroom; he had scheduled the conference for 5:30 so that he wouldn't have to leave work early. When he walked in, the blinds were closed and the room seemed empty . The chairs were pushed under the long tables and everything had been neatly put away. He looked at his watch to make sure he wasn't late; it was 5:40 but that shouldn't make a difference - this was a second grade teacher, where could she have to be in such a hurry? Just then he heard a noise around the corner. In a loud voice he said "Hello?" and walked in. He heard something like shuffling and then a muffled, "I'll be with you in a second." followed by some more shuffling. The voice was nice - quite sexy, actually.

"Have a seat and make yourself comfortable," she said again. It was deep but still very feminine and he found it very alluring.

He looked around for a normal chair but found none so he walked over to the teacher's desk and sat down in her chair. He saw a purse and a pair of black heels that had been tossed recklessly on the desk. A moment later he saw her emerge barefoot from the darkness of the cloakroom wearing a halter top and short mini skirt.

"Please pardon my attire," she said a little sheepishly, "I'm meeting some friends of mine in a few minutes and I didn't think I'd have time to get ready so I got a little headstart. I'll finish when we're done here."

He just looked at her; this was a bit of a surprise and he wasn't quite sure what to make of it. She was tall - about 5'8" with long, straight dark hair and big brown eyes. The wire-rimmed glasses accentuated the curves of her dark eyebrows. She was tan and her ample breasts filled the halter top stretching it taught across her nipples. Her legs were long and slender. He wasn't sure if they were really that long or her mini skirt - which ended above the middle of her thigh - just made them appear that long. He didn't think he'd ever seen a teacher that looked like this before.

"So, you must be Jonathon's father," she said as she walked around the edge of her desk and extended her hand toward him and breaking the awkward silence. "I'm Miss Blake, Dorothy Blake but everyone calls me DeeDee."

He started to get up out of her chair and took her hand. "I'm Michael" was about all he could get out at that moment. With a gesture more graceful than his response, he offered her the chair. "It's a pleasure to meet you, Dorothy, umm, DeeDee." he said as he stepped away from the chair.

She declined his offer and indicated that he could sit there.

"I'll just sit here, if you don't mind," she said as she hopped up on the edge of the desk facing him. "This shouldn't take too long."

"God, I wish it would!" he thought to himself.

"I don't want you to think that I asked for this conference because Jonathon isn't doing well - that's not the case. Jonathon is very smart but he rarely applies himself; it's almost as if he's distracted - sometimes even lost in daydreams."

She put her hands down on the desk and leaned forward a little as if to emphasize her words. "Sometimes I wonder if he even hears what I'm saying. But when we do group reading or sharing, he's right there - participating and paying attention and doing quite well!" She leaned back and crossed her feet at the ankle and he noticed the delicate gold anklet for the first time.

"Does he read at home much?" she asked.

Michael paused a moment to collect himself. The sight of her cleavage as she leaned forward had aroused him. He could feel himself growing and felt his suit pants getting tighter around the crotch; he shifted slightly in his chair and wondered nervously if his face had flushed at all.

"Actually, DeeDee," he began slowly, "Jonathon reads quite a bit at home - both by himself and with me. I have the most trouble getting him to do his math homework but his reading seems fine."

"That's good. I wonder if he's just not interested in working by himself in class then."

Michael couldn't remember when exactly he had become interested in girls but thought that DeeDee might actually be what was distracting his son in class.

"DeeDee," he began slowly, not sure yet how he was going to say this or where he was going to go with it, "I've got to be honest with you, if I had a teacher that looked anything like you, I'd be very distracted in class too! You're a very attractive lady and you seem genuinely concerned with your students."

She smiled and looked down and began swinging her feet slightly; it was her turn to fidget now. A moment later she looked back at him, still smiling.

"Jonathon has'nt had that kind of attention at home in a long time," he continued. "He probably enjoys your interest in him and your concern. My guess is he's using that to keep your attention."

"I was wondering about that," she said thoughtfully and then leaned toward Michael again but further this time, "Does he read with his mother too?"

"That I don't know, DeeDee." he said quietly. The sight of her cleavage and hardening nipples made him swell. He was aware of the growing erection now clearly visable beneath his suit and the friction of his silk boxers against his growing manhood only made it worse; he wondered if she'd noticed. He cleared his throat and continued.

"Since the divorce, Jonathon rarely talks about his mom when he's with me and its been quite awhile since he's had any kind of female influence in his life - except for you, that is." She smiled as he faltered with the last part.

"I have some things you can take home and work with him - they're a bunch of different things: reading, math, puzzles - things that should stimulate him." She looked around her desk for the things she had set aside for him before their meeting. "There they are!" She uncrossed her feet and turned to reach for the stack of books and papers she had gathered. Her legs spread as she turned and he saw she was not wearing anything under her skirt. She had no tan line and only a thin swath of downy hair adorned her mound.

She grabbed the stack and turned back with them in hand. Noticing his erection and seeing it pulse beneath his pants, she left her legs slightly apart, "It may provide some stimulation for you too," she said with a grin. "Come with me," she offered as she slid to the edge of the desk. Her breasts bounced gracefully as she hopped of and took his hand, "Let me show you some of your son's work." He knew his predicament and was slow to rise. She tugged playfully at his hand and he could see that her nipples were hard, "C'mon, it's alright."

She pulled him up out of the chair and led him toward the back of the classroom where there was a whole wall covered with children's paintings and drawings and other projects. He could see that his son had quite a few things hanging up - more, it seemed than most of the other children.

"This one," she said pointing to a drawing at the beginning of the wall, "he did on the first day of school - that's you, I think, dropping him off." She was standing so close that he could feel the warmth of her skin next to him. He was standing slightly behind her and he could smell the gentle scent of lavender in her hair. She carefully bent down and pointed to another painting. "This one - well, I'm not exactly sure what this one is but it was after our field trip to the petting zoo - I think its a goat, or maybe a sheep." She giggled and brushed gently against him as she rose. Realizing she had bumped into him, her hand automatically went behind her.

"I'm sorry," she said apologetically as she turned toward him but her hand came to rest squarely in his crotch. The pressure of her against him as she had risen made him throb with desire and she could feel this beneath her fingertips now.

"Oh!" she said softly as she looked at him and slowly moved her had away. She was standing in profile to him now and he could see that her nipples were very hard and her chest was rising and falling with heavier breaths. She turned and pulled him further down the wall.

She stopped and put a hand on his shoulder and stood up on her tip toes to point to a picture that was near the ceiling. He could feel her breasts against his chest and she could feel his manhood throbbing against the top of her mound as she stretched to reach the drawing.

"This one is my favorite," she said softly in his ear, "It's of just you." She slowly lowered herself back down and he could feel the hardness of her nipples through his lightly starched shirt as she slid down against him; he had reached his limit. Rock hard and throbbing, his manhood begged for escape. She could feel it pulsating against her abdomen now as she turned and looked at him.

He quickly slipped his hand behind her neck and pulled her into a passionate kiss. He could taste the cinnamon on her tongue as his own tongue swirled and danced around hers. She moaned softly beneath the kiss and eagerly caressed his chest as she returned the passion of his kiss. She grabbed his tie and pulled him with her as she moved slowly back toward the wall. He pressed her firmly against the pictures with the weight of his body and let his left hand drop from behind her head. He traced a line with the nail of his pinky slowly down the curve of her neck, over her collar bone and then down her chest. He lightly traced a circle around her nipple through the halter top. She groaned as her nipple hardened and drove her tongue passionately deep within his mouth pushing her hips firmly against him as she did. She let go of his tie and slid both her hands down between his legs and began caressing his fully erect manhood through his pants. She stroked him with both hands; first with both together, than one and then the other and then both again. The rhythm of her hands matched the thrusts of her tongue. He held her breast firmly in his hand, fondling and squeezing it through her top. He pinched her nipple between his index and middle fingers as he slowly massaged her- gently at first and then more firmly - twisting and tugging it to match the rhythm of her tongue and hands. Soon, they were both groaning as the heat of their passion overtook them.

They both heard the footsteps in the hall just before the door opened. They stopped dead and both held their breath. They were around the corner and out of sight of the doorway and hoped they wouldn't be seen. Before either of them could do anything though, the door closed and the footsteps continued down the hallway.

"What was that!? He whispered hoarsly in her ear.

"It must have been the janitor." She whispered back, her breathing still labored. "Don't move, I'll be right back." She reached up and teasingly licked the tips of his lips and then slipped from between him and the wall and ran gracefully toward the door. He took a deep breath and took his coat off. He walked toward one of the long tables closest to him and tossed the coat across it. When he turned back, she had already locked the door and run back. She was leaning against the wall with one foot up against it and her head tilted gently to one side.

"I thought I told you not to move..." she said seductively as she slipped her index finger between her lips. She sucked on the tip of it for a moment and then slowly ran it down between her breasts and over the exposed flesh of her stomach. She traced a path around her navel gently flipping the belly ring from one side to the other and then over the top of her mini skirt and down between her legs. She held his gaze and smiled as she lifted the bottom of her skirt with one hand and gently parted her lips with the still glistening fingertip of the other. She slowly drew her finger up between them and then motioned him to come to her.

As soon as he reached her, she held her finger to his lips. He kissed it once and then gently licked it with just the tip of his tongue. He took her finger between his lips, twirling his tongue around it, and tasted her sweetness.

"Hmmmmmm..." he moaned

"Do you like it?" she asked him softly.

He nodded, still suckling her finger, "I do." he answered with her fingertip between his teeth.

"There's more where that came from." she said as she began to pull his mouth downward with her finger.

Michael began sliding down her body, both hands caressing her breasts through her halter top. She could feel his hot breath through the material as he made his way down. He firmly grasped both her nipples between his fingers, pinching and pulling them until she moaned. He looked up at her and saw that her eyes were closed and her tongue was gliding over the edge of her upper lip. He was on his knees now and continued tweaking her nipples as he drew a delicate circle around her navel with the the tip of his tongue. He gently grasped the belly ring between his teeth and tugged at it. She groaned softly as he flipped the ring back and forth with his tongue and twisted it between his teeth. He slid his hands down from her breasts to her waist as he kissed the top of her mound through her skirt; he could feel her pushing firmly against his mouth. He slipped both hands behind her and unzipped her skirt and gently eased it over her hips and let it fall to the ground. He bent down and lightly drew his tongue first up the inside of her left thigh and then her right; with his hands on her thighs, he could feel her quiver with anticipation. He slipped his tongue barely between her lips and smiled as her hips twitched with the sensation. She was leaning with her shoulders against the wall and her back was now fully arched to accept him. He slid further between the softness of her lips and began to explore the depths of her passion with his eager tongue. He swirled and twisted his tongue around her opening with a firm pressure. In answer, she began grinding her hips, pushing herself against his mouth. Her taste was smooth and sweet. He pulled back and began to circle the inside of her hood with delicate strokes of just the tip of his tongue, first in a clockwise motion and then the other way. She was swelling now and in response he drove his tongue deep within her pressing his face firmly against her mound as he did.

"Mmmmmmmm..." he hummed as he ground against her hoping the vibration would stimulate her further.

"Ooooooh... you feel sooooo good," she moaned, "Mmmmmmm...."

"Now its your turn," he said with a smile as he withdrew, "Don't move..."

He got up and grabbed one of the little chairs that had been pushed under the table closest to them. When he turned with the chair in hand he noticed that she was massaging herself with her finger. He returned quickly and gently lifted her left leg and placed her foot on the chair.

"I thought I told you not to move..." he said seductively as he took her hand and gently moved it away.

"I was only keeping it warm while you were gone." she giggled as he parted her lips with one hand and guided his tongue up between them and over the top of her, firmly tugging the edge of her hood as he completed the stroke. He gently kissed and nuzzled her growing passion before plunging his tongue deep inside her. He thrust rhythmically in and out and in and out all the while maintaining a firm pressure against her with his face.

"Mmmmmmmm..." he hummed again but her only reply was a ragged moan. He thrust deep within her letting the tip of his tongue fully explore the sweetness of her warmth.

He pulled back again, gently curling his tongue as he did. He could feel that she was completely swollen now and he began quickly flicking his tongue back and forth over the top of her, at first delicately and then more firmly. He could feel her pulsing against the pressure of his tongue and her groans were gowing louder and closer together. He gently sucked her between his lips and tugged at her.

"Oh god!" she gasped as he rolled her between his lips and flicked her with the tip of his tongue. "Oh oh oh ohhhhhhhh!" she cried as her passion began to overtake her.

She was thrusting against him more quickly now and he could feel the muscles in her beautiful thighs tensing hard. He slipped both hands between her legs and behind her pulling her against him even harder. Her hands were knotted in clenching fists against the wall at her sides as the fever of her passion rose.

"Mmmmmmmmm... Mmmmmmm," he hummed again and again against her.

"Yes..yes...yes...yes..." she cried rhythmically as he pulled her between his lips and sucked her again. "Oh my god! Oh my god!" she gasped raggedly as he firmly circled her swelling with his tongue. "Oh... my... GOD!! Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh..."

He could feel the pulsing grow into a twitching and then to a full spasm as all her muscles tensed and her thighs locked around him. He could feel her juices running into his mouth as he held on firmly and in control.

"Yes...yes...yes...oh yes..." she panted as the spasms slowed.

He kept a firm pressure against her as he massaged her with his tongue. As the waves of her passion began to subside, he slowed the strokes of his tongue until he was only pressing against her. As he felt her muscles begin to relax, he gently kissed her swollen orb and nuzzled it softly, licking up the tiny rivulets of her juices that had escaped him. She twitched and giggled as he tickled her with his tongue. She reached down and grabbed hold of his tie and encouraged him to his feet.

"Now, it's my turn" she said with that same seductive smile as she pushed him toward the wall...

©2002 Ilyrian

All rights reserved