 It's 5:00 pm. Normally, I'd be on my way home by now, like everyone else at the office is, but I have a conference call with the CEO that was supposed to start an hour ago. But, as usual, she's running behind and that means I get to sit here and keep working until she's ready for me. At least with everyone else gone for the day it's nice and quiet. I put on some music, and use the time to catch up on some paperwork I've been putting off for the last week. 

Your knock on the open door startles me. "Come on in Tammy. I thought I was the only one left." I say. "What can I do for you?"

"Oh nothing. I saw a light still on so I was curious who else was stuck here working late on Friday" 

You're a tease. The way you stand there twisting your long brown hair between your fingers. Your smooth tanned legs look amazing and I love the fact that you're showing them off just covering them enough to be professional with that white linen skirt. You're one of the few women around here who's mastered the art of looking sexy without going slutty. I try to focus on your eyes as we talk. Something tells me you know exactly what you do to me and enjoy the tease as much as I enjoy the fantasy. 

"Yes," I sigh. "I'm stuck here until her majesty is ready to start our conference call." 

"Ah. Your turn to get dicked around by the boss lady this week I guess. Better you than me." 

"Yeah. Lucky me. Nicest Friday afternoon we've had all year and instead of sitting on a patio having a beer like the rest I get to sit at my desk and twiddle my thumbs until she decides she's ready to talk about the project and announce how she's going to fuck my weekend up."

"Well," you say with a coy little smile that makes my cock twitch underneath my desk, "there are other things to do at a desk other than twiddle your thumbs."

The tension building in the air is broken as the phone rings. Caller ID lets me know that it's the boss. Time to snap back into reality. 

"Sorry Tammy, that's her. I better take this so I'll see you Monday." I say, giving a weak little wave as I answer. 

She starts in right away ripping into why six months of work is going to get flushed down the toilet. I get the idea she understands why and wants to blow of a little steam. I've learned that with this one fighting fire with fire, or even logic, fails every time. So, I sick back tune her out and get ready to weather out the storm. I lean back in my chair and I see that you're still standing at the door. You're smiling . You turn around real slow, and I figure that you're on your way, leaving me to the lions. But you don't leave, you just keep turning until your facing me and then you put your hands on your hips and bite down on your lower lip.  Ok, now you're really teasing me.

Without another word, you walk over and come around behind my desk. You reach forward , grabbing the back of my chair and spinning me around so I'm facing you. Our eyes lock and for the first time I can see the lust in your eyes that I've felt inside every time I've seen you. You hold my gaze for what seems like forever, but is probably no more than a few seconds and then without a moment's hesitation you drop to your knees and put your hands on my thighs.

A wave of heat rushes through my body. The shock and disbelief of what might, of what I hope, will happen here prevents me from hearing a word that is coming out the phone. I reach forward to touch you, and you promptly put my hand back on the arm rest and shake your finger at me. Your hands slide back down and right to my belt. You open the buckle, slide it apart and undo the top button. You slide my shirt up and lean forward and kiss my stomach. Your hands slide slowly up my chest and the soft touch is replaced with sharpness as you pinch both my nipples at the same time. I always knew that even though you looked like an angel, you were anything but. 

You got me on the edge of my seat, my cock bursting against my jeans. Your hands find your way back down and your fingers slowly, almost tooth by tooth, unzip me, your eyes never leaving mine the whole time. 

I want to hang up so I can focus on this, but now she wants me to give her a rundown on what the next steps are. How in the hell am I going to talk? How can I say anything, let alone something intelligent, with you sitting there between my legs, your fingers and mouth only inches away from my cock. I swallow and start to talk and as soon as I think I'm on track you reach forward and pull my dick out of my shorts and start licking it from the base all the way up to the tip. Long, slow, hot, wet strokes of your tongue. 

Oh shit. Did she hear that? I think she just heard me moan...I keep talking hoping the CEO just dismisses the noise as yawn. I try to keep talking but, now you've got me in your mouth and you're not teasing anymore. You are sucking my cock like I never had anyone do before. You manage to work your other hand in and rub my balls at the same time. Oh God, there's no way I can hold on for long, let alone try and talk. I think fast and ask my boss to explain her "vision" for the project, knowing full well once she gets going on that it'll be hard to get her to stop. I lean over and hit Mute. Then I lean back and get ready. I'm so close and I know I'm going to have the orgasm of my life. I give you a little warning, but you bear down and take me in all the way. The heat, the passion, the sight of your other hand down your panties playing with your pussy and the smell of your sex all at once drives me over the edge. My hips come up as I buck and for what feels like minutes I shoot jet after jet of hot come into your mouth. I sit back as the waves quit crashing and try to absorb what's just happened.

My boss is still droning on, before I know it, as quickly as you came in, you stand up, adjust your skirt and wiping a little white off the corner of your mouth you lean forward, kiss me on the cheek and giving me one last smile, leave. 

I somehow manage to finish the call as I collect myself. I hang up and try and figure all of this out and just as I give up, deciding to just enjoy it, my phone buzzes. It's a text from you. All it says: 
10 minutes
Parking lot, level 2. 
My car.
Your turn.