 "Damn it's cold in here," I think, wishing that I could shove my hands into my bra to warm up my achingly taut nipples. I cross my legs again in an attempt to stay awake as yet another vice president of blahblahblah spouts company rhetoric. As my left leg drops over my right knee, my skirt slides a little higher up my thigh than probably it should, given the environment. I don't care though, you are wearing cologne or aftershave that probably has more to do with making my nipples taut then the freezing temperatures in the room. I glance over at you and notice your awareness of the view of my thigh. I smile innocently as you catch my gaze, thinking it will embarrass you. I am wrong, and I am surprised. You hold my gaze, slowly smiling and lowering your glance back to my thigh. I find myself warming as the blush creeps up my face—not usually one to be demure, I find myself unable to look you in the eye. From my surreptitious glance I see your slightly smug smile as you gives your attention back to Mr. BlahBlah at the front of the room. I can no longer concentrate and just let my mind wander. I imagine you reaching over to slide your hand up my thigh where we sit. The thought makes me squirm and I am forced to uncross my legs and sit a little straighter trying to fight for control. 

Eventually, Mr. BlahBlah has finished his presentation and we all clap politely as we gather our materials—pretending to be excited over the reports we are required to complete for tomorrow morning's session of the conference. Inwardly I am groaning---I was looking forward to climbing naked into the smooth Egyptian cotton sheets and enjoying the quiet evening. "So much for that little fantasy," I mutter. 

"Excuse me?" you ask. 

"Oh nothing," I reply. "Shit. I said that out loud," I think to myself. 

"I was looking forward to a nice drink at the bar and then relaxing in my room. And now we have this damn report to do!" 

I laugh, "That's actually what I was just muttering about!" 

You chuckle. "I bet EVERYONE is muttering—but smiling about it so they don't appear disgruntled!" 

"You are probably right. Well, enjoy your evening of reports!" I lean over to grab my bag so that I can go grab a bite to eat and perhaps one drink before thrusting myself into the land of reports and spreadsheets. 

"Hey, I have an idea," you say, gathering your belongings also. "If you'd like, maybe we can grab dinner, discuss the reports, then do them together so that we can have some portion of our evening be enjoyable." 

The smile on your face charms my nipples into tautness again as I again imagine your hands on me. "That sounds great!" 

"How about we meet in the lobby in twenty minutes and have dinner at the restaurant. I've heard it's actually not vile and that the drinks are good." 

"Sounds like a deal!" As I walk passed you, you put your hand on the small of my back and walk with me. Your hand through my thin blouse is scalding, instantly warming the chill of the room out of my entire body. We continue to make small talk as we exit the conference, introducing ourselves. 

"My room is on the first level," you tell me. 

"I'm on 3. I will see you in twenty?" 

"Sounds great. I'm not going to change---except I'm losing the jacket and tie. I hope that's ok. I didn't really pack any presentable in public clothes except the suits."



"Me either! I was just looking forward to getting comfortable and having room service."



"Well, if you'd rather not go to dinner...." 

"Oh, no! That's not it. I'm glad you suggested combining efforts. I think it will go much faster and then we'll be able to do what the bosses want AND we can have a chance to relax," I reassure you. 

"Ok, see you in twenty!" 

Once in my room, I toss my luggage down, put my laptop bag on the desk, and go into the restroom and get a glance at the flush of my skin just thinking about being near you for an extended period of time. "Damn! You are not a teenager any more. You are a professional woman. Get a grip. He is probably not interested in you like that anyhow." Ignoring myself, I massage lotion onto my arms and on my neck. The scent of gardenia rises to mingle with the memory of the scent of you. I slide my hand inside my bra and rub lotion on my breast, pinching the nipple. I repeat on the other side, closing my eyes and imagining it is your hand. I shake my head to snap myself into reality so that I can make it to the lobby. I can feel the damp in between my legs and the accompanying ache. I wish I had time to give myself release so that I can concentrate on the reports we'll have to do after dinner. I decide that if you are going to remove the constrictions of your tie, I'm going to eliminate my hose. I slide them down and realize that my legs could use lotion as well. I lift my bare leg onto the counter and rub the lotion slowly up my ankle to calf and down again. I pour more lotion into my hand and massage the silky smooth gardenia scent along my thigh. At the top, near the dampness, I allow the back of my hand to graze the moist heat. I bite my lip—wishing again we'd agreed on thirty minutes. Quickly I apply lotion onto the other thigh, wondering if I should put the hose back on to get myself under control. I decide that I will live dangerously and hope that I remember not to bend over too far and expose that I was most decidedly not wearing panties. I spray a touch of identical scent over my dress and turn out the light. I grab my room key and purse, take a deep breath and prepare to torment myself with your nearness for dinner. 

As I step off the elevator, I see you walking towards the lobby. I feel the tightening in between my legs and hope that you aren't aware of the thoughts that I'd had about you just moments ago. 

"You got comfortable as well," your eyes slide up my bare legs. 

"It's only fair! You got to take off your noose!" 

You laugh as you again place your hand on the small of my back. "True. True. Let's have dinner." 

Dinner is a blur. I am sure the dinner tasted fabulous. My drink is made to perfection. Tart and sweet. "Just like me," I smile to myself. 

"What's that smile for?" 

"Oh, nothing. Was just enjoying my drink. Although if we are going to get this report done and be able to get some sleep before the meeting in the morning I think I need to stop drinking." I think I keep the blush from creeping into my face again, but I thought I'd kept the smile to myself too. 

"Are you sure you don't want another?" as you ask, your hand touches my bare arm and my skin sizzles at the connection. 

I can't even speak I am so inexplicably turned on at the slightest of physical connection so I merely nod my assent. I shift not so uncomfortably in my chair and as I do, my leg connects with yours. "I have clearly had too much to drink already," I think as the heat immediately goes straight up my leg to the increasingly moist area between them. I finally notice that you are entirely still, looking at me. I hope that you are having the same reaction so that I'm not alone in my state. 

The waitress brings us what I've determined is truly the last round for me. You tilt your beer bottle towards my drink, "To our combined efforts." I smile and nod. 

I'm not sure how I make it through the rest of the drink. My throat feels dry despite the icy liquid. My mind has taken me places it shouldn't go with a co-worker. Somehow it doesn't seem to matter to the rest of my body—tight with anticipation of what I'm afraid may be a one sided desire. 

I find myself standing with you in the lobby, not sure exactly sure of the details bringing us to this point. 

"Your room or mine?" I shake myself out of a lustfilled haze at your question. 

"Excuse me?" 

"Should we do the report in your room or mine? Or would you be more comfortable dragging the laptops and the rest of what we need down here?" 

"Oh, yes. I wasn't thinking clearly. Perhaps I shouldn't have had that last drink! My room is fine. I have my laptop, I just need to power it up. Do you need to stop by your room first for anything?" 

"I need to grab one thing and then I can meet you at yours, say, in ten minutes?" 

"Sounds great. Room 3151. See you in ten." I go up to my room and power up the laptop. I also take the chance to freshen up and apply a touch more lotion. My hand lingers near the moist heat between my thighs as I hear a knock at the door. I take a deep breath and let you in. 

"Ready for me?" you smile. 

"Absolutely!" At this point I'm pretty happy I'm not a man. If I were, in the state of excitement that I'm in I would be sporting an erection I wouldn't be able to hide. At this thought, I can't resist sliding my eyes down from your waist to see if you are having the same problem I am. Unfortunately, you are moving towards the desk and my laptop. 

"I am a 'hunt-n-peck' kind of typist. Do you mind typing?" As you speak, you are pulling out the chair for me. 

"Don't mind at all," I'm pretty sure I wouldn't be able to stand anyway. 

I plug your thumbdrive with your data into the computer, not missing the point of inserting something of yours into mine which does nothing to aide my accuracy of typing. At some point I actually begin focusing on the task at hand, successfully pushing away lustful thoughts although I can feel the warmth of your body slightly behind yet still next to me as you watch me enter the data into the report. 

"You plugged in the wrong value," you say, leaning forward to point at a line of data. I can feel your chest directly pressing against my shoulder. Instantly I feel my nipples tighten. 

"Whoops. There. Fixed," I can barely speak but am determined not to look idiotic. 

I turn my head towards you to ask you a question and am surprised to see you r face so close to mine. Instantly my senses are overwhelmed with the scent that had been making me crazy all day. You look down at me, my mouth open. 

"Yes?" 

I look up at you, puzzled that you are asking me this. 

"Did you want to say something?" you smile. 

I blink, confused and dazed by the overwhelming sensation of having you so close. "I forgot." 

"Ahh." Just this gentle noise vibrates through my entire body. It must show how much I am affected, because that slow smile crosses your face again as you turn back towards the laptop. 

"Ok, back to this." I bite my lower lip and try to concentrate on work. Discussion returns again to the task at hand although every so often I have to drag my mind back to it. I can't tell if you are having the same difficulty. It doesn't seem as if you do which disappoints me. 

"Now, right there, I think you should highlight this number." This time when you lean to point at the report, I feel your hand on my right shoulder. I imagine that I feel a slight squeeze. 

"Good point." As I shift in the chair, I feel you pressing against me. This time I'm pretty sure that I'm not imagining it and I realize I may have been incorrect in my earlier assumption that you aren't feeling the electricity at our touches. Unless you have something hard in your pocket, I am pretty sure you have something hard in your pants that you are pressing ever so gently against my arm on the armrest of the chair. My breathing quickens and shortens, and I lick my lips hoping I'm right. 

I turn to look at you again; you look down at me and smile. "I think we're done." 

I start to panic, thinking maybe now that the report is done, you will leave. 

"Let me just save this to my stick." You lean forward from behind me, your arms encircling me as your fingers fly along the keyboard in commands. 

"Hunt and peck?" I question. 

"I may have underestimated my typing abilities." 

"Perhaps a bit." 

"Can I confess something?" Your fingers have completed their task, yet you remain leaned around me. 

"Sure." 

"I wanted to stand up so that I could watch you without you watching me. You've been driving me insane all day and I wanted to continue looking at you." 

I have no idea what to say. "Ahh," is all that comes out. 

"I've been surrounded by whatever that scent you are wearing is all day. I want to bury myself in it." I feel you move behind me. I am paralyzed. Your head lowers and I feel your nose at my ear and your breath on my neck. You pause. "Are you ok?" you murmur, I can almost feel your lips, so close to my neck they are. 

I nod ever so slightly so that I don't lose the proximity to your lips. 

"Good," you breathe onto my neck as your lips make their connection. Fire ignites from that touch. My eyes close and I tilt my head so that you have as much access to my neck as I can possibly give. I feel the tip of your tongue sliding slowly along my neck. I imagine a flame snaking up a fuse of dynamite. I am fairly certain that I am going to explode all too quickly. My senses are overwhelmed as I realize your hands are sliding along my arms. Without notice, your hands are cupping my breasts, stopping my breath altogether. You simply hold them in your hand. Somehow the warmth of your hands cuts through the cups of my bra. "Breathe." Your command is so low I think I imagine it. As I release the breath I didn't even realize I'd been holding, my breasts lower into your hands as you squeeze gently. 

Abruptly your hands leave my breasts and they are almost instantly cold. You turn my chair around and slide your hands from my shoulders down to my hands, taking them in yours. Smiling, you tilt your head in invitation for me to stand. Slowly I stand with our hands still lightly touching. Being a fairly tall woman, you don't have far to lean your face slowly closer to mine. My tongue comes out slowly to caress my lower lip. In that instance, your lips touch mine, my tongue trapped lightly in between. You remove yours quickly and look me in the eye. "I hope this is alright. I've wanted to do that since the first time I looked at your mouth." 

"It is completely ok. I've felt the same." This time it is me leaning into you. As our mouths touch this time, they open under mutual pressure, our tongues meeting in equal passion. Your hands have released mine and rest on my hips. Mine move up your chest. Your mouth moves from mine, traveling down my jaw and onto my neck. You breathe deeply. Then begin kissing again. 

"You are so sexy. You've been driving me crazy all day. And then you walked off that elevator without hose on and all I could think about at dinner is how I wanted to slide my hands up your silky bare legs. To illustrate your point, you bend over and slide your hand from my knee up to the line of my skirt. Without stopping your hands move lightly upwards, pulling the skirt with it. You stop when you reach mid thigh. With my skirt in your hands, you take hold of my thighs, pushing them gently backwards, forcing me to take steps to avoid losing my balance. Your mouth on my collarbone further navigates my movements. Soon I feel the bed behind my knees. We stop. You pull back and look at my face. That same smile from earlier crosses your face. Your mouth envelopes mine again. Your hands drop my skirt and I feel the silky lining slide down my thigh in a caress that mimics your tongue in my mouth. Your hands grasp my face as you hold it in place and kiss me even more deeply. It has been some time since a man has kissed me in precisely the manner that excites me the most. You slide your hands around to the back of my neck and grab my hair, bending my head back a little more deeply as your kiss intensifies. Your body leans more into mine; I reach up and grasp your bicep to keep my balance. You lower your face once again to my neck. "Lie on the bed." You say it softly but I perceive rather than hear the demanding tone of the command. "Wait." I'm confused with your abrupt change of direction. You release my hair and neck and slide the back of your hand down my arms, down to my hips. You slide your hands around to my ass squeezing me against you until I can feel that you are hard. Still holding tightly to my ass, you begin sliding my skirt up. You stop when it is at the top of my thighs, just under the cheeks of my ass. "Now lie down." The demanding tone is back. 

I do as I am told, eyes closed in anticipation of the kiss I think I will receive as you join me. When it is not received, I open my eyes and see you kneeling at the bedside between my legs. Your hands move to my ankles and move slowly up, squeezing when you reach my calves. They begin the trail and move up my thighs to my hips. You look between my legs and smile. "Somehow I knew you weren't wearing any panties. I thought I could smell how much you wanted this." You push my dress even further up, it is now around my waist. You close your eyes and lean in closer to my pussy. You take a deep breath and I see that smile again. I gasp when I feel your mouth open and your tongue slide along my wetness. 

My hands clench around the blanket as your mouth repeats the assault on my hot, moist mound as it did earlier in my mouth. My hips arch to encourage you to lick deeper. I feel the chuckle against my lower lips. "Like it?" 

"God, yes!" I breathe. 

"Then you'll really like this!" As soon as the word is out of your mouth, I feel you thrust your fingers in my pussy as you lick my clit. 

"Oh, god." I moan enjoying the sensations. My hands release the blanket and slide between my legs and caress your head. You thrust your fingers in and out of my wet pussy as your tongue flickers and collects the moisture. You turn your head and kiss the inside of both thighs as you look back up at me, smiling. As you stand and begin to climb on the bed, your fingers slide from my ass up the wet slit. You kneel on one knee as I begin to sit up, reaching for you. I grab the waist of your pants to help me with my balance as I start to tug your shirt from your pants. You release me and begin unbuttoning your shirt. Impatiently, I reach up and grab the neck of your undershirt and pull your face towards mine. I open my mouth and eagerly taste my desire on your lips and tongue. I pull you to the bed on top of me. Holding you to me with one hand, I reach behind you to continue tugging your shirt out of your pants. I slide my hand around to the front of your pants, my hands fondling your erection through your pants as I search for your zipper. I wind my legs around yours so that you cannot escape. Moaning, you pull away. 

"Let me." You remove yourself from my legs and stand. You finish unbuttoning your shirt and impatiently tug it off, tossing it onto the chair next to the bed. I sit up, curling my legs to the side, dress still around my waist, to watch you undress. You sit on the chair and take off your socks and shoes then stand quickly to release your pants. I blink and then you stand before me naked. I can definitely tell how much you want to be here doing this. You come back to the bed and lean over, grasping my face and kissing me again. You then slide your hands around to the back of my dress to the top of the zipper. You slowly unzip my dress and slide the top down my breasts. Your hands move back to my shoulders to lower the straps of my bra, loosening the top of the cups so that you can slide your hands into cup my breasts. You lightly caress my nipples with the palms of your hands. You moan as you lower your head to replace your hands with your mouth. I feel my nipples tighten even more as your tongue slides around them—one at a time. Your hands are now free to slide around my back to unclasp my bra. Without even noticing, suddenly my bra has been removed. You devour my breasts with either your hand or your mouth, pausing only to switch which breast is getting which treatment. Both are causing me to squirm. 

Suddenly you lie back on your back, pulling me on top of you, my dress resembling more a belt than dress at this point. "Let's get rid of this," you say as you try to tug my dress up and off. Straddling you, I laugh and grab it and pull it completely off. I take your hands and hold them captive above your head as I lean forward and take control of the situation. I lower my mouth to yours and kiss you deeply. I can feel your cock against my ass as I rotate my hips against you. I realize that the rest of my items are still on the bed above your head. I release one of your hands and push the items off the bed. Taking advantage of the situation, you take a hand and grasp the back of my neck, pulling my mouth back down to yours, thrusting your tongue deep in my mouth. I break your hold and smile at you. "Your turn," I say as I begin to slide down. I kiss the line of your jaw, your neck, moving to your chest. I curl my fingers into the hair on your chest, enjoying the little sounds you make as I tug gently. Not usually attracted to men with this much hair on their chests, I am surprised with how good it feels against my face as I continue to kiss along your chest, in search of your nipples. One hand finds a nipple and begins playing with it, making it stand taut as you'd done to mine. My tongue successfully locates the other and begins its assault. Having located both of them, I switch quickly and nip on your nipple. I hear your sharp intake of breath and move my mouth lower and lower. I feel your cock at my chin and I chuckle. Quickly I slide down in between your legs. Kneeling, I take it quickly in my mouth. Just as quickly I release it. Slowly, I slide my tongue from the tip up the shaft until my head rests upon your stomach. 
