 Last summer, the company I work for hosted a conference in New York City. I'm based in their west coast office, and though I think I live in the greatest city in the world, I was excited to spend a few days in New York. I looked forward to taking advantage of some cultural experiences not readily available in San Francisco. Broadway shows, the best jazz clubs in the universe, and oh yeah...Yankee Stadium.

The conference itself was predictably boring. Sales and marketing strategy meetings, corporate pep talks, etc. On the next to last day, I attended a marketing break out meeting with about 20 other reps from offices across the country. In an effort to stay awake that afternoon, I found myself fantasizing about a woman from the Boston office who was seated across the large table from me.

Her name was Shay. She was thirty-something, stunning, and very tastefully dressed. While I sat and listened to a marketing VP drone on about whatever he was droning on about, I thought about Shay's fingers wrapped around her pen, and what they would feel like wrapped around my cock.

I am as subtle and discreet as the next guy, so of course Shay busted me at least twice while I was checking her out. She gave no reaction whatsoever. I assumed that she was fairly used to guys checking her out. Anyway, no harm, no foul.

When the meeting ended for the day I remained in my seat momentarily, as the Shay-induced boner in my pants prevented me from jumping straight up. She collected her things and gave me a quick glance before she turned and walked from the room. I watched her ass all the way out the door, which only made my boner situation worse. I pretended to look over my notes until I could stand up without drawing attention to myself.

Much later, I returned to our very nice Times Square hotel from my solo evening out. I took the elevator to the 21st floor where the hotel bar was located. One nightcap to top things off, I thought. As I walked through the bar, I saw Shay and two other women whom I recognized from the conference seated at a table. I waved, and was somewhat surprised when they waved back. They looked happy and a little buzzed.

I went to the bar and ordered a wee dram of single malt, and told the barman that I'd like to buy a round for Shay and her friends. He told me that he'd bring the drinks over.

"Hi, you guys." I said as I approached their table. "Mind if I join you?"

"Please do." answered one of Shay's companions, an older woman whom I recognized as being from the Boston office as well.

"My name is Ben and I'm from San Francisco." I said as I sat down.

"We know!" blurted Shay's companions in unison, breaking into laughter. Yep, they were buzzed.

We covered the rest of the introductions. For her part, Shay was a bit more reserved. The drinks arrived and the women told me about the Broadway play they had seen that evening. Shay added her comments in a quiet manner. I had to lean forward to hear her.

"And you? What have you been up to tonight?" asked Tina, the older woman who had taken on the role of conversation ringleader.

"I took the train down to the Village. Saw Tom Harrell at the Vanguard." Blank stares from Shay's friends.

Shay looked right at me and said, "He's one of my favorite trumpet players. I didn't know that he was in town. I'm sorry I missed him. " 

"He's playing there for the next three nights." I said.

"I'm flying home tomorrow." answered Shay.

We continued the fairly pleasant banter until the other two women finished their drinks and got ready to leave.

"We're heading up. Are you coming, Shay?"

"Not yet. Just going to finish my drink. I'll see you in the morning."

"Okiedokie." said Tina the Ringleader. She gave me a quick but very obvious raised eyebrow, as if to say, "Lucky boy."

Shay and I talked about music for a bit, and then I asked her what she thought of that afternoon's meeting.

"I found it every bit as boring as you did."

I looked at her and asked, "You caught me checking you out, didn't you?"

"Yeah, you and about seven of the other guys. At least you weren't making googoo eyes at me like Chad, that annoying fuck from Chicago."

"Mr. Smooth."

Shay chuckled, "Whatever. None of you guys were exactly discreet about it. I noticed that you didn't leave with everyone else. Feeling a little stiff were you?" Shay laughed again.

She lifted her glass to her lips and continued, "Actually, I was checking you out too." She took a sip and paused for a moment. I let her go on.

"I was thinking that I wanted to stand up and walk around to where you were sitting. I wanted you to take my clothes off and fuck me right there on the conference table. In front of everybody."

"Probably not a great career move." I commented. "For either of us."

Shay laughed softly. "No, but at least it would have livened up the meeting."

I laughed, too. "Yeah, but just think about Chad making his googoo eyes at you while we were fucking."

"Yuuuuck!" squealed Shay.

After we quit laughing, we were quiet for a bit. Shay broke the silence.

"I still want to do It." she said softly.

"Well, there's only the closeout meeting tomorrow. We'd have to do it at the podium in front of the entire conference."

"Very funny." she said, not meaning it at all.

I quit joking around. "Do you want to get another drink and go up to my room?"

Shay sipped the last of her cocktail and looked right at me again. "Drink, no. Room, yes."

She grabbed her purse and stood, and I pushed my chair back from the table. "I'm feeling a little stiff again." I said.

She smiled. "Good."

In the elevator up to the 35th floor, Shay turned to me.

"We're only gonna do this once, alright? So let's not waste a lot of time guessing about what we want. I'm not going to your room to make love, or have sex. I'm going because I want you to fuck me. I want you to grab me, hold me down, and fuck me. Hard. If you can do that, then you can have me anyway you want." She stared at me as the elevator slowed. "Does that work for you?"

I stared back at her as the doors opened. "It works perfectly."

As we walked down the hall to my room, my cock was threatening to burst out of its skin, and I thought about what I had just promised. I'm not normally a real aggressive guy, and I tried to get into that mindset. Blue steel, I thought. She wants the hard guy. Not the mean guy...the hard guy. I opened the door to my suite and gave Shay my best 'hard guy' look.

We walked into the room and I took Shay by the shoulders and turned her toward me. I pulled her close and kissed her. She sucked my tongue into her mouth as if she were trying to swallow it. Our hands were everywhere, clutching at every available body part. Finally, I grabbed her hair and pulled her head back, breaking the kiss. The hard guy then pulled Shay down by her hair, slowly but firmly, until she dropped to her knees.

She was trying to catch her breath as she scrambled at my belt and zipper. When my cock flopped out, Shay took it right into her mouth. No licking, no stroking, just a deep, wet, sucking blowjob. I kept a firm grip on her hair, not forcing her head on my cock, but definitely letting her know that I had her. She looked up at me once, and I twisted my fist in her hair. Shay closed her eyes and moaned on my cock. I shed my clothes while she sucked.

She was drooling all over my dick when I pulled Shay's head back and got her to her feet. I led her to the bed. She kept her hand wrapped around my hard, wet dick until I put my hand on her chest and pushed her onto her back.

"Don't you want me to take my clothes off?" she breathed.

"You can get naked while I'm fucking you." I deadpanned. Blue steel.

I pulled her legs apart and moved her ass to the edge of the bed. Her skirt was up around her hips and I took her little sheer black thong and moved it aside.

I had been thinking that maybe I was overdoing the 'hard guy' routine. Until I saw her pussy, that is. Her thong was sopping wet and her juices were flowing down to her asshole. I grabbed the side of her thong with both hands and tore it, leaving the remnants hanging on her left leg. I leaned forward and bulls-eyed my cock into her.

"Okay, you can take your clothes off now."

Shay squirmed out of her jacket and top while I pounded my cock into her pussy. I yanked her bra over her head and saw that her nipples were like pink diamonds. I lifted Shay's legs up, unzipped her boots and tossed them in the corner. She maneuvered her hands under her lower back and unfastened her skirt while I continued to hammer her relentlessly.

I pulled my cock out of her suddenly with a wet 'pop'. Shay's eyes went wide and she lifted her butt so I could slide her skirt off. She was naked now, except for the torn black thong around her left thigh. I took my cock and whapped the head on her big clit twice before plunging back into her.

Shay arched herself and tossed her head back, forcing her hips up at me. I took her tits in my hands and roughly held her down while she wriggled her ass on the bed. She was moaning loudly, and I thought that she might be ready to cum when she slammed her heels on my ass and her whole body shook. I grabbed her throat with one hand and fucked her with every ounce of strength I had. Her eyes were bulging as I stared down at her. Blue steel.

"Hunh...hunh...hunh...hunh...hunh...hunh...hooh...hooooh...hooooooooooohfuckfuckfuckFUUUUUUCK"!

It took a couple of minutes after her orgasm for Shay to stop gasping. "That was fucking goo..." She stopped mid-sentence when I pulled out again and threw her legs up on the bed. I took her arms and spun her body around until her head was hanging off the edge of the bed where her ass had been. Shay knew exactly what was coming next and opened her mouth. I pushed my cock down her throat.

My balls were bouncing on the bridge of her nose as I fucked her face. I was hoping that they wouldn't give her a black eye. I didn't want to make her sick, but I kept her right on the edge of gagging. Shay was a trooper and though I couldn't see her eyes, whenever I thought it was too much, I pulled back to let her get her breath. Then right back in again. Her left hand was curled into her pussy, working furiously, so I figured that she was digging it.

I leaned forward and grabbed her tits again. Shay said something like "Muhhphuumuhhmoouuufff." Her hand was a blur as she fucked her pussy with it. Her body tensed and her legs started shaking again. She was moaning on my dick and when she came, I pushed as far as I could into her throat. Shay looked awesome thrashing on the bed. Gagging. Moaning. Cumming.

After her orgasm, I slipped my cock out of her mouth and resisted the urge to ask her if she was okay. Blue steel. She was breathing and not threatening to call 911, so I assumed that things were good.

Shay finally looked up at me and laughed. I was right, things were good.

"What are you laughing at?"

"Your dick." She laughed some more. "No Ben, I didn't mean it like that. I mean your dick is twitching!"

"I need to cum."

"Yeah?" Shay slowly pulled herself up and sat in the middle of the bed. "Well, you passed the test. So like I told you in the elevator...you can cum anywhere you want."

I took her by the hand and led her to the bathroom. I stood behind her facing the large mirror. I opened a small bottle of lotion and poured out a handful. Again, Shay knew what was coming. She leaned forward, her face close to the mirror.

"You're gonna have the softest, sweetest smelling butthole on the plane tomorrow." I said, as I smeared lotion into her ass.

"Ohhhh, fuck yes." Shay murmured as I fingered her. She was staring at me in the mirror.

I poured more lotion on my cock and put it against her creamy, puckered asshole. As I slowly started to enter her, Shay turned her head and said, "Hey, you're not getting all gentle, are you?"

She was right; I had strayed from my mission. Blue steel. I grabbed a handful of Shay's hair and pushed all the way into her.

She exhaled hard. "Whoooh!"

I held her perfect ass against my hips for a moment, loving the way it felt to be balls deep in her. When I started fucking her, she looked at me in the mirror again.

"You're forgetting something, Ben. I hope I don't have to spell it out for you."

I took a wild guess and raised my hand. She nodded slowly, smiled and closed her eyes. The first slap on her butt sounded like a gunshot in the tiled bathroom. Shay tried to stifle her cry but she was pretty loud. She took a bath towel from the rack and bit into it.

Her asshole was foaming from the lotion as I kept up the fucking, and her butt cheeks were getting red as I kept up the spanking. She put her hands on the glass and braced herself against me. I looked at her in the mirror, her eyes glazed, towel hanging from her mouth, her boobs bouncing with my thrusts. She reached down with one hand and massaged her clit.

"nnt tpp." She said in a muffled growl. Shay took the towel out of her mouth for a moment, in case I hadn't understood. "Don't you fucking stop."

I didn't stop. When she put the towel back in her mouth, I grabbed the ends like the reins of a racehorse and rode her. Our eyes were locked in the mirror, and Shay's ass was bucking against my hips. Orgasm number three was on the way, and I was right there with her.

Shay clawed at the towel in her mouth and I let it go. "Cumming...oh fuck...cumming!" I felt her asshole clench my cock. I kept right on fucking Shay's ass, but I had to bite my lip until she finished getting off.

I pulled my cock out of her and turned her around. I wiped my dick off with the towel and led her out of the bathroom. As soon as our bare feet hit the soft, warm carpet, I grabbed her hair and once again pulled her slowly but firmly to her knees.

"You ready?"

"I am soooo fucking ready." She replied, and took me in her mouth.

Shay's eyes never left mine as she sucked me. The only blue steel now was in my cock, and when she gently squeezed my balls, that did it. The first hot spurt in her throat surprised her. Shay tried to recover and gulp it all down, but before I was halfway done, the come was pouring down her chin.

Later, we lay together in my bed. I told her, "I'm not really like that, you know. The hard guy, I mean."

Shay whispered, "Aww, that's too bad, Ben. I was starting to like you." as we drifted off to sleep.

When the alarm woke me, I rolled over and reached for Shay. Nothing. I clicked the light on. Shay's torn black thong sat on her pillow. I looked in the bathroom. Nope, gone. I shaved and showered, and went down to the conference center. I didn't see Shay as the final meeting began. At the first break, I walked to the reception desk and asked to be put through to her room.

"Sir, Ms. Andrews checked out this morning at 6:45."

Meanwhile, at 27,000 feet over Connecticut, the woman in seat 3B turned to Shay and said, "Excuse me, could I borrow some of your lotion? It smells really great, by the way."

Shay smiled, settled back into her seat, and told the woman, "Sorry, I used every drop this morning."