 She was the speaker's assistance at a technical conference I attended, but I had known her at a previous company. She was wearing a smart red business suit and pleated skirt. She had a white blouse and her legs were encased in white nylon.

I sat near the door at the back. At one point in the proceedings, the speaker asked her to fetch some books to give out at the end. As she opened the door to exit, I asked if she needed any help in fetching them, and she accepted my offer. As I followed her down the corridor, I admired her nice bottom swishing under the skirt. 

As we turned to enter the lift, I couldn't resist patting her bottom gently. She smiled and remarked that the books were kept in her room and we would have to go there to get them. As the lift moved, I took the opportunity to stand up against her side, then I put my arm around her waist and pulled her nearer. She didn't object, so I got bolder and moved behind her, pulling her back against me with both hands on her hips. She sighed gently and my hands went up under her red jacket to hold her waist. She felt warm and soft.

I pulled her more firmly against my front and pressed her bottom and back into me. I leant over her shoulder, my face brushing her cheek. She closed her eyes and gently leant back against me. I kissed her cheek and side of her neck gently as my hands stroked around her waist, then worked a little higher. My hands reached the underside of her large soft breasts encased in the push-up bra, and I held her tightly to me as I nudged the base of her breasts up a little, enjoying the view of her chest heaving slightly, even through the restricted view that her jacket afforded.

She sighed again and wiggled her bottom onto my growing bulge, showing a little smile as she felt it responding to her. I moved both hands higher and gently cupped the underside of her lovely breasts, cupping the soft shapes, and squeezing gently. She gasped gently as my large gentle hands cupped over the warm shapes, and squeezed and moulded them slowly and softly. Occasionally, my thumbs brushed across her nipples which were still soft under my touch, but grew larger and firmer each time I brushed across them.

Then the lift stopped. I quickly withdrew my hands to a look of disappointment from her, and stood beside her, but still with my arm around her waist, under her jacket. The doors opened but there was no one there. This was the top floor with all the luxury rooms. She started to explain that the speaker always got the pick of the rooms for herself and the team, but I just patted her bottom as we walked towards her room.

I continued to fondle her bottom through the skirt under her jacket while she fiddled with the door lock. As soon as the door clicked shut behind us, I was all over her. I swung her to me and swept her up in a soft but passionate kiss. She swooned as I held her firmly, one arm around her shoulders and neck, the other around her waist, pulling her to me and tilting her head for the kiss. We kissed long and deep, our tongues exploring each other's. As I held her, I eased her jacket open and to the sides, then pulled her ample chest against me, so that her breasts squashed and lifted gently against my chest. She moaned as we kissed and held each other tightly, all thoughts of our mission now forgotten.

She finally broke the kiss, struggling for space and air, gasping and heaving as she fought to control her breaths, as her beautiful chest heaved up towards me. I glanced into the room: a large, well appointed room with a huge kingside bed with soft white covers. I slipped the jacket off her shoulders, took several strides to drape it over a nearby armchair.

Then I advanced on her again. She stood sheepishly near the door, but as I turned to her, she innocently sidled towards the foot of the bed. By the time I was up against her front again, she was backed up to the foot of the bed, with nowhere else to go, but backwards. I slowly bend my legs, my face coming level with hers, before moving down over her throat, down the cleavage of her breasts, down, brushing over her breasts, down over her tummy. She waiting in growing anticipation until my nose was level with her waist, then she could wait no longer and let herself fall back onto the bed with a spring, leaving just her feet projecting out.

I smiled down at her and gently held each ankle and removed her dainty slip-on shoes. She scooted a little up the huge bed and lay back, watching me, her bosom rising and falling in expectation. I stood at the foot and admired her. Her blonde hair was slightly spread around her head. Her thin blouse strained against the pressure of her heaving bosom. Her pleated skirt lay flat, half way up her thighs. I still couldn't work out if her lovely legs were encased in shear white stockings or tights, but I resolved to find out.

I shed my shoes and came round to the side. I sat on the bed and scooted round to lie on my side facing her. She smiled at me softly and my heart melted. I had to have her. Propping myself on my left elbow, I leant over her. She closed her eyes as my lips brushed her softly and teased her lips open. Her breathing was deep and slow as my right hand placed on her stomach and stroked side to side, moving up slowly. My hand moved up to cup her left breast. She moaned slightly as I squeezed gently, moulding the fantastically soft shape through her thin blouse and lacy bra. I could feel her nipple brushing against my palm, stiffening slightly. I became firmer with my kiss and fondling of her breast, until I decided to move on. I circled her left breast with my fingers while releasing her lips from mine.

I moved my face down her, kissing the side of her neck, then her throat, and approached the top edge of her blouse. As my lips kissed the little exposed skin, I leant up as my left hand started undoing the buttons of her blouse. As more skin and cleavage was exposed, my lips brushed lower, following the edge of the blouse until the top edge of her lacy push-up bra was encountered and I kissed back and forth across the top of her exposed mounds and between where a generous and curvy cleavage was displayed. Her breasts heaved up towards me as I kissed their tops, my right hand assisting in moving her blouse wide and untucking it from her skirt. I slipped it off her shoulders and worked it down her arms as far as her elbows where is got stuck under her back. Her beautiful white lacy bra with a pale pink trim and a bow in the centre held her full breasts firmly, offering them up to me and allowing the nipples to push against the lace at their tips. 

Once her blouse was out of the way, I propped myself on my left elbow, but allowed my left hand to cup her right breast, squeezing firmly. My right hand returned to her left breast, stroking around the circumference and them squeezing the warm shapes through the soft, thin lacy bra. My lips returned to her cleavage and throat, kissing up and down the sensitive skin. My palms firmly squeezed her breasts, further enticing her nipples to swell. As her nipples stiffened into throbbing buds, I started drawing both my hands together to fondle and tease the nipples. She gasped as I firmly played with her breasts and tweaked her nipples, trying to get them to throb anew. This sent tingly pangs of pleasure deep down between her legs.

After playing with her for a while like this, I kissed her firmly, then moved up a bit, and slipped my arm around her shoulders lifting her forward. I tugged at her blouse and she opened her eyes and helped me pull it out, then I grabbed a large white pillow and put it under her shoulders. Then, as I lowered her back down onto the pillow, I slipped my left arm under and around her shoulder and neck, so that my left hand rested comfortably on her left breast. She closed her eyes again as I resumed playing with both of her beautiful full, swelling breasts, this time with the other hands.

I nuzzled her neck and kissed her cheek. She turned her face to me and we kissed gently, my lips toying with hers and my tongue probing for hers occasionally. Meanwhile, I felt her nipples were fit to burst, they felt so swelled and throbbing. She whimpered slightly each time I tweaked one or the other, and when I firmly grasped them both, she gasped. Then my mouth worked lower to her right breast which was offered to me by my right hand. I placed my lips of the tip, then sucked through the lace at her nipple, which throbbed between my lips.

My right hand gave her breast a quick squeeze, then started to wander lower. I circled the soft skin of her flat stomach and teased her tummy button. My lips and fingers of my left hand continued to fondle stroke and tease her breasts. She just lay back with her eyes closed as I gently molested her. My right hand slid down over the waistband of her skirt, stroked the tops of her legs through the material a bit, testing its pliability. Then my fingers explored down the middle. Her legs were slightly apart and my hand explored her through the pleated skirt, applying gentle pressure between her legs. She squirmed a little as my invasive hand pressed down over her soft mound between her legs. I pulsed my fingers against her, deliberately applying pressure to the perceived niche between.

My lips opening wide and tried to devour as much of her large breast as possible, while my other hand held her left nipple firmly through the lace and pulled up, twisting rubbing and squeezing firmly. As I pressed more firmly between her legs through the loose skirt, I rubbed my hand into her, causing her to squirm her legs wider to give me better access. My right hand cupped her firmly, then smoothed down her skirt, stroking down her right leg, slightly inside her thigh. As my hand reached the hem of her skirt, I slid it over the ever-so-smooth texture of her fine white nylons, encasing her perfect, soft smooth legs. She shifted slightly as I stroked my warm soft hand up and down her leg, each time moving slightly to the inside, and moving up further.

My wrist started nudging her skirt up as my hand stroked her thigh. Then imagine my delight on encountering a deep band of lace around her upper thigh: She was wearing stockings. I could feel the lacy garters as I softly explored further up her inner thigh until my hand came to rest on the ultra-soft and smooth skin of her inner thigh above the lace-topped stocking. My lips and other fingers fondled her nipples in excitement as I explored the soft skin of her inner thigh. I stroked her nearest leg around the top of the stockings, noting the lacy garters holding the stockings secure. I turned my hand and fondled her other inner thigh, just checking the softness of that leg as well. As I worked my hand between her thighs, she again squirmed her legs a bit wider to give me better access. Then as my hand stroked firmly around her right thigh, my first finger brushed against the delicate silk lace of her skimpy panties. She jolted slightly as I brought my hand more firmly up her thigh, then I turned my hand and, drawing her skirt higher, placed my palm on the front of her panties. I could feel her quiver under my hands and lips as I stroked my fingers down over her soft mound. I could feel her soft flesh through the thin lacy silk, and I knew she was shaved smooth there.

My fingers pressed down her groove as I slid them lower, moving to cup her softness firmly in my hand. My fingers groped deeper, defining her crack through the silk, and stroking up and down it with a fingertip or two. As my fingernail glanced across the top where the hood protected her clitoris, she jolted slightly. When I slid my hand down as far as I could between her legs, cupping her mound and pushing up, applying even pressure to her slit, she squirmed a bit in pleasure. My hand left her panties just for a second to lift the skirt up and completely out of the way. I lifted my head off her right breast to peek down at her lovely underwear. I laid her skirt around her waist, exposing her high-cut white lace silk panties with the pale pink trim and a little bow at the front. The matching lace garter belt hugged her hips below the waistband of the skirt and were securely clipped to her deep lace stockings, themselves with a hint of pale pink trim. She looked good enough to eat!

My greedy lips kissed the expose skin above the lace encasing her right breast, then my nose nudged the top edge of the lace back. My teeth gripped it and peeled it back enough to expose the very hard nubbin of her nipple. My left hand similarly teased down the top edge exposing her left nipple. Then my fingers and lips went to work with gusto on her sensitive buds, thrust up towards me. She gasped and heaved as I molested her nipples firmly, the wet friction between my lips as I sucked her right nipple into my mouth for my tongue to lash across the end, and the rubbery friction as my finger and thumb rolled and tweaked her other nipple.

My right hand sought the low front of her panties, and I delved under the thin material, exploring over her soft mound, down to the treasure below. She was warm and soft. My fingers found her slit and my middle finger teased the lips aside as I sought to explore deeper. I slid my hand lower, running my finger through her slit under her panties. As the lips parted to allow my finger to rest along the length, I could feel a moistening in between. I rubbed my hand up and down her mound, exploring down between her legs, cupping her naked pudenda still encased in her skimpy panties, then pressing and drawing my hand back up, as my middle finger dipped into her sensitive slit, dipping into wetness and drawing through her slit, to rub over the tip of her clitoris before allowing the hood to fall back into place, then pressing and drawing my whole hand down again to repeat. In the meantime, my lips and fingers played with her nipples and breasts, capturing her and arousing her as she lay there with her eyes closed and her lips slightly parted.

My dick was throbbing hard against her side as I erotically molested her. I stopped my right hand moving up and down to concentrate the middle finger on her clit. I dipped it into her wetness and then smeared this over her clit, making it swell and throb as I slimed it up with her own juice. She whimpered every time I touched her clit, making her breasts quiver in my captive grasp.

Then I released her nipples. I tugged the lacy bra cups back over her nipples, covering them up. They rubbed against the lace of the material as her breasts continued to rise and fall with each deep breath. I slid my left hand out from under her shoulders and withdrew my fingers from her clit while I shifted. She opened her eyes in disappointment until she saw where I was going. I knelt between her legs, then gently easing her knees apart, I lowered my face towards her panties. She understood, smiled and closed her eyes. Her sexy white and pink lacy underwear was millimetres away from my nose. I nuzzled the front of her panties, nudging into the crack beneath.

I could smell her arousal. I could feel her wetness. My lips brushed against her soft mound and kissed up and down her crack. I eased her knees wider, allowing her to rotate her legs sideways, exposing her inner thighs to me. I kissed the exposed skin between the stockings and the flimsy panties. It was so smooth and soft. I kissed from side to side, kissing her mound in between. Because her thighs were spread wider now, her lips opened up under her panties more, to when I kissed her there, it was more sensitive, and more moist. My tongue flicked out against her slit and wormed up to stroke over her clit. She seemed to like that because she lifted her hands above her head, allowing her breasts to thrust up, and lay back smiling. I stroked her inner thighs with my hands as I kissed and tongued her pussy through the thin silk lace.

Then I reached up on either side of her panties to her hips. My fingers were about to grasp the sides of her panties to draw them down when I discovered some thin ribbons on her hips. I decided to see what would happen if I tugged on them, and sure enough, as I did, the material slackened as I released the ties. I drew the material forward and down, exposing her hairless mound, and the top of her slit. As I drew the front of her panties down, her clit and pussy lips, slightly spread, were exposed and I glimpsed her wetness within. Then my tongue darted out and sampled her taste at the base of her pussy. She whimpered as my wet tongue made contact with the ultra sensitive wet flesh between her pussy lips. 

Her hips squirmed slightly, trying to push up to my tongue to get more contact. I obliged by slowly slurping my tongue up her wet slit all the way to her throbbing clit. I swirled the tip of my tongue against her clit, then licked down again. I slurped up and down her pussy, flattening my tongue wide to make more contact and then narrowing it to delve deeply between her wet lips. Her pussy oozed juice onto my tongue which I lapped and smeared all over her smooth sensitive lips and inside her folds.

All this time she was gasping and squirming, moving her head gently from side to side as she enjoyed my attention. I scooped up some of her juice with my tongue and drenched her clit, then I attacked it vigorously with my tongue. She gasped loudly, her head jerking up from the bed as I tongue thrashed her clit, teasing it, sucking at it, licking it, prodding it, wetting it. Occasionally I dipped my tongue firmly down to the bottom of her slit, then drew it up deep through her crack, collecting more of her juice to lubricate her clit with. I stroked my hands up the inside of her smooth legs, up the soft skin of her naked inner thighs, and spread her thighs apart further, giving me better access to her lovely pussy.

My left hand placed on her smooth naked mound and the thumb brushed over her clit, making her quiver. My thumb stretched the skin back above her clit, lifting the little hood clear of the sensitive tip, giving my tongue better access. Meanwhile, my other hand was undoing my trousers and I slipped them off easily off the end of the bed. I worked my shirt, socks and boxers off too, leaving me totally naked. She didn't notice because I kept lapping at her clit and slurping her pussy, so her eyes remained closed. I was working her pussy hard, holding her clit erect with my left thumb while my tongue aroused her body, when I licked the two longest fingers on my right hand, coating them with her juice as well as my saliva and rubbed the tips up and down the length of her slit, under my tongue. This caused her moan slightly more and widen her thighs further.

Then I firmly drove my wet fingers straight up into her pussy. She squealed as my long, thick fingers slid easily into her and started pumping. She felt so soft, wet and silky inside. She writhed about, tossing her head from side to side, making increasing noises. Her breasts thrust up and out with her deeper and faster breaths. Her skirt was up around her waist. I watched her beautiful body writhe and squirm under my stroking. I pumped her pussy deeper, stretching my fingers as deep as they would go. I lapped her clit hard as I curled my fingers up, rubbing firmly against her G-spot inside her warm, moist pussy. She squealed loudly and bucked harder as I held her firmly and mercilessly rubbed both her most sensitive spots with my tongue and fingers, until she groaned loudly, thrashed her head around, and her whole body was wracked in involuntary spasms as she orgasmed hard. I kept the relentless pressure on her clit and G-spot while her spasms and high pitched squeals continued. She rode out wave after wave as I didn't let up my delicious attack on her lovely body, extracting more pleasure from her. After a minute of constant orgasm, she couldn't take any more and whimpered for me to stop, moving her hands to my shoulders to hold me off, and writhing under me. But I held firm, lashing her clit and rubbing her G-spot, extracting another minute of intense and mind-blowing orgasm from her wracked young body, her head thrashing around in bliss.
