 How you got the keys to your work is beyond me. But, I figured I wouldn't ask, I would just enjoy myself. 

We run hand in hand into the building, then the elevator. I quickly flash you my matching panties and bra. . .you grab me close, planting a big, wet kiss on my lips. 

The elevator doors open to relative darkness. The building is so quiet. I just want to start singing loudly. I start to, and you quickly "shush" me. I think you realize you are going to have a hard time keeping me quiet. 

We go into your front office. I kick off my shoes. walking in the darkness back to the conference room. As I walk, I remove the shirt over my dress, letting it fall to the floor. Then my dress. I can hear you fumbling and complaining in the darkness behind me. You are picking up my clothes, telling me how I have to behave, be quiet, and stop leaving my stuff everywhere. . .

Yeah, right, I think. 

I flip on the light in the conference room. I quickly move all the chairs to the back of the room. When you finally make it to the room, with my clunky shoes and my dress, you find me. I am sitting on top of the table, wearing nothing but a hot pink bra and the matching panties. I can see your eyes move all over me, stopping at my crotch. Oh, you see how I have soaked my panties. You carefully put my clothes on the smaller table at the front of the room. 

I lean back on the table, exposing my wet, pantied pussy to you. I love the surprise on your face as you realize you are going to have to work through panties to get to the "good stuff" tonight. 

You move over to me, pulling me closer to you and the end of the table. While I am still getting my balance, you start to kiss me. I feel your tongue searching in my mouth. I pull myself closer to you, returning your kiss. I can smell the heat mingling with the sweetness of my pussy rising up. I pull up on your shirt, making you stand before me bare-chested. I tell you how I want to sing again, only to have you tell me no.

So make my pussy sing, I say back to you.

I start to undo your belt and your pants, watching them fall to your ankles. You are wearing the smiley face silk boxers I gave to you. Oh, yeah, I think. . .a happy dick makes for a happy girl! You start to pull off the boxers, and I stop you. I give you a small kiss, asking you to just get rid of your shoes and jeans. You do. 

You move back towards me. I welcome you, throwing my arms around you, as you start to kiss me again. You run your hands from my hips up my sides to my underarms, then move your hands in to my breasts. This feels so good to me, I almost lose my breath. I kiss you harder, as I feel your thumbs on my nipples, making them hard through the material. You break the kiss, moving down to my neck. I luxuriate in the feeling of your wet, open mouth on my neck, collarbones, then to the space between my breasts. I flip my crosses to my back, so as to give you full access to this spot on me. Your thumbs are still rubbing my nipples, as I run my hands through your hair. 

You move your right hand up to the pink shoulder strap, pulling it down to my elbow. This causes part of my left breast to pop out. Not missing a beat, you speedily take my nipple into your mouth.

I get slippery wet as your suck on me, rolling my hard nipple in your mouth. You then pull down the strap on the right side, resulting in the right breast popping out. You move your skills to my right breast, holding me while balancing yourself. Because my bra straps are down at my elbows, I am "pinned." I just let my head fall back, giving you full access to my breasts and nipples. I even start to wiggle my ass a bit in anticipation.

You stop what you are doing to ask me if I am okay, am I enjoying you? Yes, yes, I say to you, pulling my arms from the bra strap. You then unhook the bra, taking it from me and placing it with the rest of my clothes. Now, we are even you say. You take a few moments to look at me, stroking my face. You tell me how much you are enjoying yourself, how you love the fancy undies, and how you just want to give me pleasure.

Funny, I say, I was just thinking the same thing about you. . . 

You start to take your glasses off, but I ask you to leave them on. I slide off the table, making you sit on it. You enjoy the sight of my bouncing, jiggly tits as I roll a chair back to where you are sitting on the table. 

Do you think we'll get caught, I ask you. You start to say no, and I start to sing again. . . Stop it, you say to me. I know, I know, I say, there are "other" things I can be doing with my oral talents. . .

I sit in the chair, then unbutton the tiny button on the fly of your happy boxers. The fabric is already straining from your hard cock; I free you, into my mouth. You are so hard, and the tip of your cock already wet. I suck you in, licking you in the most enjoyable places on your dick. I use my hands as well. 

I stroke your cock with my hand, using the other one to play with your nuts. 

I know you are loving every nanosecond of me sucking on you-- your tip is getting wetter, and wetter, and wetter. Your cock is past the rock hard stage-- we are talking you could drill holes in cement with your tool. I can feel your nuts rising in their precious sack-- I don't forget them, giving them a lick as well. I also feel up and down your legs. You like that, moaning. . .I then break my grip on your cock-- I can feel you rising in my mouth, getting ready to cum. I can see the heartbreak on your face as I stop you cold. I jerk your happy boxers down, causing you to lift your hips. Your hard cock is waving in my face-- the head a strained purple in color. I climb onto the table with you. I straddle you. I know you can feel how positively fucking wet I am through my panties. You say something to me about taking them off. I feel your hands go to the sides of my hips, as your fingers hook into the side straps of the panties. You pull them down, not getting very far. 

I smile, as I pull them back up on me, despite your pleadings. Oh, to tease is a woman's domain!

I step back from you. I ask you if you want me to remove the sopping wet piece of material formerly known as panties. I get a quick yes from you as you spring over to me, pulling off the offending panties. You decide to pull them off of me by pulling them down by the crotch, which causes a massive rush of my juice to where your hand was. . . 

You guide me back over to the table, making me sit near the edge. You sit in the chair I was sitting in before, making a remark about how the chair is "soggy." I laugh, but my laugh instantly turns into an "ahhhhhhh," as I see you shed your glasses and slip your tongue into my red-hot snatch. 

You use your hands to hold me open, as I put my feet up on your shoulders. I slide myself a bit closer to you, wanting to get as much pleasure as I possibly can from your expert tongue. You don't miss a beat, holding me firmly as you feel me cum, time and time again. I can hear your moans of pleasure, as you lick me clean, only to have to repeat your task time and time again with each orgasm. 

I am finally breathing so hard I can barely stand it. . .I slide my hips back, causing you to come back to reality. You slide back in the chair just a bit, as I "dismount" the table (east german judge only gave me a 6.) I turn my back to you, bracing myself against the table. I wiggle my ass, politely asking you to please shove your hard cock into me, from behind. 

Being the smart man that you are, you waste no time getting to your feet. I can feel you behind me, your tool pressing me on my butt. I spread my legs, then rise up on my tippy-toes, to give you access to my hungry pussy. You slide a hand under me, rubbing on my breasts, feeling my hard nipples. Your other hand rubs my pussy, as you check for wetness. . .like there is any doubt I am wet. 

You hold me close with your hand that is under me, then I feel you drive your hard cock into me-- I close my eyes in sheer pleasure, as you tell me how tight my pussy is, how you like to feel my pussy "grab" you. . . As you stroke in and out of me, you put your lips right by my left ear, whispering all sorts of wonderful things to me, as you drive me crazy with pleasure. As your excitement mounts, you lift up off of me, placing your hands on either sides of my hips. With this action, you grab my hips, and begin to pound me hard. You ask me if that is what I want, baby-- do you like the way I am fucking you baby, you say to me. Yes, oh, yes, is all I can say.

I can feel your cock swell up in me, and I know its not too much longer now. 

I know you are enjoying the sight of my ass, as you watch your hard dick enter, then leave my pussy. I am enjoying the feeling of my breasts smacking together, each time you shove your pole into me. 

You surprise me by letting go of my hips, and moving your hands under me, placing each hand on a breast. You let the hard nipple on each poke through the space between your fingers. You hold me tight, as I can feel the heat of your body on my back. 

Your head is next to mine, and you quietly tell me you are going to cum, and cum hard inside of me. . .yes, I reply, yes. . . 

I move my ass some more, egging you on to your orgasm. Your dick is so hard, and I can feel your balls draw up to you. . .you pound me a bit harder, and I know it is only seconds until I can feel you cum in me. . . 

I focus on how you feel, so hard, so far up in me. . . I know I am so hot, so wet-- I wonder how you can stand it? Yet you do, and I hear you moan, moan a bit louder, then I feel you pull me even closer as you explode inside of me! My legs get weak, but your hard dick way up in me prevents me from collapsing. I can feel the rythymic thrusts as you empty yourself into me. . .an unexplainable feeling of pleasure for me, as well as for you. 

A few moments later, we both return to reality. You are still holding me close, as I feel you slide out of me. You kiss me sweetly on the back of my neck, telling me softly we need to put our clothes on and leave.

This is the part of reality a hedonist like me hates-- you back away from me, as you start to gather up your clothes. I pick mine up, sulking like a child. 

Don't worry, you tell me, as you put on your glasses. There will be lots more fun for tonight, just not in this conference room. . .