 My name is Scott and I work at a well-known local radio station. My radio shift is usually overnights, during a period of time I’ve deemed ‘The Dead Zone’. It runs from 12 midnight to 5:30 AM. 

I play classic rock, alternative, punk, and just about anything that catches my ear. It’s quite a mix and, because of that, it makes my job extremely enjoyable. I figure that I must be doing something right because I get more phone calls during my show than any other DJ at the station. It’s one of those late night calls that I want to tell you about. 

I was working ‘The Dead Zone’ on a cold night in January a couple years ago. It was 2:30 AM and snowing heavily outside. I’d just set up the next hour of music, having taken a dozen or so calls off the hotline. Another eclectic mix of music. Looking at the playlist made me chuckle. All of my favorites were requested and a couple I had to hunt for in the station’s CD library. 

After finding the CDs I needed, and cueing up the first few, I grabbed my lunch and went to the lunchroom to heat it up in the microwave. There’s nothing like a Philly steak and cheese with mushrooms to make you feel like you’re ‘King of the World’. I nuked my lunch, grabbed a diet soda from the vending machine on the way back (the sandwich defeats the purpose of the soda, I know), and settled in for the rest of my shift on the air.

As I got back to the studio, the hotline was ringing again. Setting down my sandwich and soda, I grabbed the receiver. 

“Hello. This is ‘The Dead Zone’. What do you want to hear?” I asked. 

A soft, husky female voice said, “I was wondering if you could play ‘Ready For Love’ by Bad Company for me?” 

I grabbed a pad and pen and wrote down the request. I said, “Sure, that’s no problem. Do you want me to mention who it’s for on the air?” Sometimes the fans that call in get a thrill when I mention their names on the air. I like doing that, especially with the female callers. 

The voice chuckled, the sound of it incredibly melodic and touching me aurally in all the right places. 

She said, “Sure. My name is Cassie.” 

Smiling, I wrote her name next to the song title she asked for. I said to her then, “Could you hold for a sec? I have to hit the next song.” She said she would and I put the phone down.

Spinning around, I jabbed my fingers over a variety of buttons on the console, fading the one song and starting the next, speaking into the mic and announcing what was happening. Suddenly, Motorhead blared out of the studio speakers. 

I picked up the phone again. “Is there anything else I can do for you, Cassie?” I asked her, hoping to listen to her beautiful voice for a minute longer. 

She said, “Well, yeah. Would you mind terribly if I came down there and watched how the show’s done? I listen to your show every night and would like to see how things are thrown together.”

I grinned. I get these kinds of calls all the time and I usually have to tell the woman (and it’s usually a woman who wants to come down and see me do what I do) that station policy doesn’t allow for ‘Jane Average’ to come into the studio when we’re on the air. However, this night, I broke that rule. 

Grinning, I said, “Well, the station really doesn’t allow for people to come into the building after a certain time. But, if you really want to see what goes on here, come on down. Are you sure you really want to come down here? The weather isn’t great outside.” 

Cassie laughed and said to me, “I don’t live too far from the station and it wouldn’t really be a tough ride for me. Besides, I have a cell phone with me and can call for help if I need to.” She sounded extremely amused at my concern for her. 

I told her which entrance she needed to come to. I also told her to call me on the hotline once she got here and I’d meet her at that door to let her in. 

She agreed and hung up.

I’d been back at the board for a few minutes when I realized that I’d forgotten to ask Cassie what she looked like. I thought randomly that if she looks half as good as she sounds, this might be an interesting shift. 

Fifteen minutes went by and then the hotline rang again. 

“Hello. This is ‘The Dead Zone’. What do you want to hear?” I asked. 

Cassie’s voice said, “Hello? It’s Cassie. We spoke a few minutes ago.” 

I smiled, “Hi Cassie. Where are you?” 

She said, “I’m outside the station door. Could you come and let me in?” 

I told her I’d be right there and hung up. I very quickly ran my fingers through my hair. I straightened out my t-shirt and brushed a hand across my jeans. Then I went to the door where Cassie waited for me. 

As I’m walking to the door, I see a solitary figure. She stood about 5’8” tall, had long, wavy dark hair, and was wearing jeans, boots, and a huge leather bomber jacket against the cold. I saw that she had a shoulder bag over one arm and a white paper bag in her opposite hand. 

I was nervous all of a sudden. I always had a ‘thing’ for brunettes, preferring them over blondes and redheads. 

I got to the door, threw the lock, and swung it open. “C’mon in, Cassie. You must be freezing,” I said.  She moved past me, saying, “Yeah, I’m cold. Thanks.” 

Then she smiled up at me and I almost fell over. Cassie was gorgeous: almond-shaped green eyes under dark lashes and brows, porcelain skin, and a full, sensuous mouth. She had a small, heart-shaped birthmark on her cheek too. 

I looked down at her, smiled, and held my hand out, “Hi, I’m Scott.” 

She smiled up at me, shaking my hand. “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Scott. Thanks for letting me come down to see you,” she said. 

I closed the door, locked it, and said, “I need to get back to the studio. The song’s almost over.”

She nodded and followed me back to the studio, shaking snow off her jacket as she went. 

I casually looked back over my shoulder, seeing her jacket swing open as she shook off the snow. I saw that she was wearing a dark green button-down sweater over her jeans. My eyes got really wide though when I saw that she had a set of the nicest breasts I’d seen in a long damn time. I hadn’t seen D-cups in ages and was very appreciative. 

Cassie looked up at me as we walked, caught me checking her out, and smiled. She didn’t get upset with me at all. 

“Okay,” I thought, “She knows I’m checking her out.” I had an idea that maybe she was doing her share of checking me out too. 

As we got back to the studio, I saw her eyes casually look me over and as I stood aside to let her by, she definitely looked down at my crotch. No mistaking it. I grinned. Yep, things were going to be A-OK.

For the next hour or so, Cassie and I talked. I showed her how things went for ‘The Dead Zone’. As I turned my back to her to hit a few more buttons on the console, she opened up the white paper bag she’d brought with her and offered me a coffee and an apple cruller from the bakery up the street. (This bakery had the best baked goods around and they were smart enough to stay open all night.) 

I thanked her and smiled. I sipped my coffee, my sandwich long forgotten. The sexual tension was very thick in the studio. One song faded and another started. Cassie’s request by Bad Company started to play. 

I watched Cassie as she pulled a cruller out of the bag, lock eyes with me, and very erotically slide her pink tongue along its curves. 

My eyes never left her face. My breath caught as I watched her take enticing little nibbles out of the pastry, swirling that beautiful tongue all around the tip. I smiled and shifted my position against the console, the front of my jeans getting tight suddenly. 

I thought, “This can’t be happening. She’s going down on a fuckin’ pastry right in front of me. God!” 

Cassie looked at me, smiled, and said quietly, “You’re not eating. Aren’t you hungry, Scott?” 

My voice sounded husky when I said, “Yeah, I’m hungry.” 

I watched as a bit of apple filling from her cruller spilled down onto the buttons on her sweater. 

Cassie looked down at her sweater, “Damn.” 

I leaned towards her and slid my finger under the apple and scooped it up, unhooking the top button of her sweater in the process. I slid my finger into my mouth, licking off the apple, “Mmmm….” I looked down to Cassie’s sweater, seeing her considerable cleavage peeking out from the open collar. I moved my finger from my mouth again to her sweater. This time, I lightly dipped my damp finger into her cleavage, removing the last of the apple from her skin. I heard Cassie’s breath catch in her throat. I again brought my finger up to my mouth, licking off the apple. 

Cassie took a step closer to me. In doing this, the cruller again spilled apple down the front of her sweater. 

I said, “It seems gravity’s working against you.” 

She chuckled and put the pastry on the console next to my hip, lightly dragging her hand across the front of my jeans as she brought her hand back up to her sweater. “I guess it is,” she returned.

Locking eyes with me, Cassie then proceeded to unbutton her sweater, revealing a lacy, cream-colored bra. 

I inhaled sharply. I watched silently as Cassie slid the sweater off her shoulders and let it drop to the floor behind her. Her bra joined it. I was right: she definitely had D-cups. 

Smiling, she reached up and walked her fingers across my chest as she slid her other hand around my waist. My jeans were painfully tented in front of me. 

I shifted my position again, spreading my legs apart a little. 

Cassie settled herself between my legs comfortably, pressing herself against me in that cute way women have. 

I stood still as I felt her lean towards me, rubbing her nose against my front, breathing in my scent. Her hands came around and slid under my shirt. 

I raised my arms and she pulled it off over my head in one quick motion. It joined her sweater on the floor. I could feel her soft skin against my now bare chest and could smell her perfume sliding into my sinuses and taking up residence there, inflaming me, turning me on. A light musky scent. I moved my hips a little, pressing them against her. 

She gasped. 

The music played on, strains of “Ready For Love” blaring in the small studio.

I dipped my head to her, kissing her hungrily. I felt her open her mouth to me, hot and wet and sweet. If I live to be a hundred years old, I’ll never forget how it felt when I kissed her that first time. 

“I shouldn’t be doing this,” I thought, “I shouldn’t be allowing this to happen.” 

Cassie’s mouth teased mine, nibbling a corner, drowning my rational, thinking mind at the same time. My restraint faltered, and my arms slid around her tightly, molding her body to mine. My hands came up, one tangling in the hair at the nape of her neck, the other hand pinching a nipple. 

She moaned into my mouth. Cassie’s hands moved across my chest as she broke the kiss. Her mouth moved to my nipple, wetly licking, kissing, and sucking on it. 

That had to be one of the hottest things she could’ve ever done to me. I felt this vicious heat move all through my body and settle in my balls, making my cock twitch. 

Cassie’s mouth moved to my other nipple as her hands went down and unbuttoned my jeans, pulling them down to my knees. 

My cock rose like a flagpole towards her, snugly fitting between her legs, brushing her pussy through her jeans. 

Her eyes got large and a smile appeared on her beautiful face. I was panting quietly, totally unbelieving I’d let things get this far with someone I just met. 

She moaned in frustration. 

“Take my jeans off, Scott,” she breathed, “Please?” 

I growled at her, moved my hands down, and all but tore her jeans, the buttons flying off in my frenzy to feel more of her. I became crazed with lust. I pulled her jeans down and swung her around so she was braced against the console. I leaned down and kissed my way down her body, pausing at her breasts. I had my arms around her tightly so she couldn’t move away from me and then proceeded to tease the hell out of her. I licked a nipple, sucked on it, nibbled it with my teeth. It was her turn to pant and moan. I felt her hips grinding against me. 

I moved to her other breast, fastening my mouth around the nipple, and repeated what I’d done to the first one. Her head fell back, her hair sliding against her back softly. I pulled on her hair and continued my assault on her breasts.

The show was continuing as though someone were actually paying attention to the buttons and songs and commercials. The hotline was ringing like crazy. It would’ve been funny if I were thinking normally then.

I pressed my mouth to Cassie’s stomach, sliding my tongue into her navel, eliciting a pleased squeal from her. I didn’t stop though. I moved further down her body, admiring the lacy panties she wore before I tugged them down over her thighs. I looked down and smiled evilly: I’d found the mother lode. Her pussy was soaking wet, and smelling fantastic to me. I looked up at her, saw that she was watching me, and then I dove my tongue into her. My hands had slid to her thighs in an attempt to keep her still under my mouth. 

Cassie groaned and pulled me even closer. Her jeans and panties had gotten tangled around her ankles. Neither of us had thought to remove our shoes before this all happened. 

I frantically pulled at her shoes and clothing, managing to get everything off, not breaking contact with her pussy. I’d locked my mouth to her clit, allowing my tongue to drive her crazy. 

Cassie’s body shook as I continued to lap at her. She’d broken out in a sweat and I wondered vaguely if anyone had ever shorted out a console doing what were doing. 

As this thought crossed my mind, Cassie came violently, shaking like she'd been shot. She was flat out screaming, calling my name over and over as the spasms ripped through her. 

I backed away from her, letting her catch her breath. 

The next thing I know, Cassie’s grabbing me, pulling me to her, and running her hands over my ass. I felt her legs come up and lock around my waist, pulling me closer. Her hips were balanced against the edge of the console. 

My rock-hard cock brushed against her thigh and made its way to her pussy. I could feel heat coming from between her legs. I groaned into her mouth as she reached down and guided my cock into her. 

Sliding into her hot, wet sheath was amazing! She was tight. I growled and bit at her throat. She moaned and moved her hips against me, her breasts sliding against my chest. 

My hands came up and slid under her thighs, pinning her to the console. I pistoned my hips, slamming my cock into her over and over. As I moved, I could feel Cassie’s hands on my ass, pinching and clutching. I devoured her mouth, forcing my tongue into her as my cock rammed her. 

She groaned and moved with me, cumming as I drilled her. 

It was after her second orgasm that I felt something inside me change. No matter what I did or thought about to hold back just a little longer, it didn’t work. I was hot, hotter than I’d ever been with anyone. My heart was pounding furiously. I felt a rolling sensation in my balls and then I gave up the ghost. I slammed into Cassie once more and emptied myself into her. The darkness behind my eyes was broken by intense colors and what looked like fireworks going off as I came with everything in me. I could feel her muscles pulsing around me, squeezing everything out of me. I came so hard into her that it hurt. Cassie came so hard, she damn near passed out cold.

When it was over, and I had nothing left, I slipped out of her, breathing heavily and sweating like a pig. I was shaking as though I’d just come in out of the freezing cold. I opened my eyes more fully and looked at Cassie. 

She was breathing just as hard as I was and smiling up at me. In a raspy voice, she said, “…Oh…my…God…” She kissed me gently on the mouth. I smiled weakly, kissed her back, and just stood there, composing myself. 

Then, as my senses returned, I noticed there was no sound. The show had stopped! I turned around and started punching buttons, reaching around Cassie to punch a few more. I don’t know how long the music had been gone, but I needed to get something going again…FAST! 

In a second or two, a commercial came on. Ironically, it was for the bakery up the street, advertising their all-night hours as well as their gourmet pastries. 

I chuckled, still coming down off the sexual high, and thinking about the apple cruller that got this whole thing started in the first place. I looked at Cassie, who had slid out from in front of me and was now gathering up her clothes and getting dressed. I reached for my clothes too, moving stiffly.

When we were both dressed and composed, we talked again. I got her last name and phone number and she got mine. We made plans to go out together once my shift ended and we’d both gotten some sleep. I had Fridays off, so it wouldn’t be a problem. 

I looked at the clock. It was 4:30 AM. 

I said to Cassie, “You’d better go. The morning crew will be coming in soon and I’d rather not have them see you here.” I looked around the studio and saw that other than a couple of swivel chairs being pushed against the far wall and my sandwich being stone cold on the desk, everything looked normal. Our coffee cups had been knocked over too, but the lids were on and not much spilled. 

Cassie said, “You were amazing, Scott.” She walked up to me then and just wrapped her arms around me, pressing her magnificent breasts against me. 

I leaned down and kissed her with as much passion as I could muster. “Once I get some sleep, Cassie, I’ll be calling you,” I told her with a smile. 

She grinned at me, saying, “I can’t wait.” She kissed me one last time and then left. The morning crew came in not long after. I finished the few songs left on the request list, spoke my piece, and then turned the board over to the morning show staff. None of them noticed how stiffly I was walking or the goofy smile I had on my face as I left.

I drove home, hit the shower, and crashed for a few hours. 

By the time I got up, my answering machine was blinking. There was a message from Cassie. I grinned. I couldn’t wait to see her again. 

Maybe she’d bring some donuts with her this time…