 When you tell someone that you are a Photographer the subject sooner or later turns to "fine art" nudes. I use the little "" because no one wants to come out and say "Hey do you do glamour photography?" It's is always, "So, you must have done some fine art nudes in your time." It is in all of us, that curiosity of the naked figure. And finding someone who just might have seen more than their fare share but also has photographic evidence of the fact, well that's just gold. As the party goes on the questions finally turn to what they really want to know, "Did you have sex with any of them?" And any good photographer will tell you "No, not one of them." And that's the truth, well the truth for the nude models anyway.

I have always been into photography, grew up with a camera in my hands from the age of six, through the awkward teenager phase and onto adulthood all of it self taught so I gave the pompous Universities a wide berth and struck out on my own. Money is always the key and the burden. My dream of my own studio quickly disappeared with the reality of hard work. I began to do small family portraits in peoples homes, good god I even photographed pets just so I had money to pay rent. I fell into wedding photography, again, as a one year deal to get enough money for my studio, I'm still doing weddings and my one year deal is now close to fifteen. 

Weddings are wonderful occasions, I am married and not looking to get married again, but I get a great feeling when I am at a wedding snapping away. The job is not without its highlights, most women want to show off their dresses, hats etc. that they have brought for the occasion and the demand on the poor photographer can be a daunting experience. Like I said, I am married so have spurned a few advices usually from drunken guests. But I am human and red blooded and have slipped from the righteous path in my time.

The first time was a couple of years ago, work had become a bit of an escape from home life, a baby has a nasty habit of turning a wild, frisky marriage into a very straight, sedate one. My wife and son are the best things in my life but, the wife will agree on this, I have a very high sex drive. I can usually be found surfing porn or on a chat room somewhere trying to calm my libido this helps, but nothing beats sex.

The wedding was early February and as luck would have it the day had turned out mild. Wonderful you say, sure was unless you were a bridesmaid with a lovely fur cape that bridzilla INSISTED you wore. The three of them were stood outside the hotel where the wedding and reception were to be held. One smoked while the other two stood chatting and sweated. I snapped a few candid images before strolling over and introducing myself. Lisa was the smoker and BFF of the bride. Julia was a close friend and the final one was the girl who had caught my eye originally. Jet black hair done up in an extravagant bun, pale skin and curvy in a dress that did not do her justice her name was Jayne and she was sister of the bride. We had never met but her Joanne the bride always went on about her anytime we met. "Oh Jayne is a hoot," this "Jayne only went and did it anyway," that. Today Jayne seemed pissed.

She wasn't shy coming out with what they all thought, the fur capes had to go and, if they had the chance the dresses too. Pink champagne in colour, sweet heart neckline and frilly, hideous had met its match. "Be better if we just walked down the aisle naked, be less embarrassing." Jayne said to Julia. By Julia's face I assumed this was not the first time Jayne had said this. I could not help it at the mention of someone being naked my eyes lingered on Jayne, especially her cleavage that was out on show above the neckline of the dress, I snapped to the moment I realised I was doing this, very unprofessional.

The only hitch during the wedding was the bride and groom getting hitched. The reception was outside and after the usual group photographs the bridesmaids were finally allowed to remove their fur cloaks. Jayne lingered close by, mainly down to the fact that she helped corral each guest required for the shots but once those were out the way she remained, supplying me with drinks and the odd nibble. There was an easy air between us and I found my flirting, which I usually use to get the shots I want, going slightly overboard which began to affect the amount of photographs I was taking. I apologised and told her in the nicest way possible that I had to get a move on. She took it gracefully and strolled off.

The rest of the day felt as if I had insulted her in someway that what I said had come out totally wrong she seemed to be avoiding me, I barely saw her and when I did it was a fleeting glance or she would appear in the back ground of one of my shots. Not surprisingly after the Wedding breakfast the DJ made an appearance and the drinks and bad dancing started to flow in equal measures. My shots started to flounder the last thing that married couples want to see is pictures of drunken in-laws and friends. "Have you taken a break yet?" I turned round and saw Jayne smiling at me two glasses of champagne in hand. I replied that I had yet to take even a pee break. Jayne handed me one glass of champagne, "Then you need a break," she clinked her glass against mine and toasted her sister and new husband. Cheap champagne is hard to swallow but I gulped this down like I had just stepped out of a desert.

"I don't suppose you could take a few shots of me on my own?" Jayne asked a little shyly. I said as payment for helping me deal with two rather rambunctious families the least I could do was take a few quick snaps of her and lifted my camera, "No not here, outside its too crowded here."

Earlier in the day I had snapped the happy couple by a great old fountain that was in the grounds of the hotel. Now it was night and it was lit in arcs of white and blue, the sounds of the party seemed far away. I adjusted my Camera and flash gun I hate night shoots with the wrong gear.

Jayne was a great model she eased into some great poses and in a dress that was hideous she made it shine. She arched her back and placed her arms outstretched behind her, my camera focused in on her cleavage and I snapped a close up before I realised I had done it, embarrassed I zoomed out and snapped a full length one and called the end to the shoot.

Jayne was giddy wanting to see the pictures there and then. She snatched the camera from me, the strap digging into my neck as she yanked it. I tried to stop her but she deftly found the gallery button, she let out a squeal at the first one. My heart pounded knowing that she was going in reverse order and the next one was the close up. PING! The button depressed and the small viewfinder was filled with pale flesh and a dark line of cleavage. "I took it by accident while lining up the shot." I blurted out, what a terrible excuse.

Jayne looked at the image, forehead furrowed and dipping her head left to right as if weighing up the merits of the picture. "Accidental shots are usually the ones that everyone likes," she said finally looking up at me, "I like it, though I think you can do better." She smiled, her full lips parting revealing her teeth beneath. Then she went back flicking through the pictures until the last one of her vanished from the screen. "Not bad, you'll have to email them to me," She handed me the camera back. "One more then you'll have to get back, Joanne will start moaning otherwise." I nodded, if it took one picture to stop her telling everyone that I had snapped her breasts fine by me.

I took a couple of deep breaths calming my heart before someone had to call an ambulance for me then raised my camera and looked through the viewfinder. Jayne was stood perfectly upright hands on her hips the fountain framing her beautifully it took me a second to realise Jayne had pulled down the top of her dress exposing her rather large breasts, I don't remember pressing the button on my camera but the flash went off really lighting her up. 

Jayne's face was flushed whether it was excitement, embarrassment or a mix of both I don't know But she turned to her side arching her back slightly her exposed breasts catching the light from the fountain. The flash exploded again, my mind was blank all normal services had stopped. She stepped closer breasts still out, she pulled her shoulders in clasping her arms across her which mashed her breasts together and lifted them high and did this little pouting thing with her mouth I snapped a few more really flustered now my brain finally starting to kick in a gear. I called a halt to it and told Jayne I really had to get back. My eyes kept straying back to her pale breasts, I couldn't help it they were amazing globes of white soft flesh highlighted with rose pink nipples that had hardened in the cold February night air, Jayne said she was happy to pay for the pictures and before I knew it I felt a hand not touch but actually cup my crotch quite hard. And yes I did have a hard on, can you blame me?

Now I know I should have stepped away there and then but to be honest with you the wife and I have not had sex in awhile, mainly work and tiredness, but we had become a little bit like ships passing in the night and it is a bit straining on the relationship.

Jayne was stood so close, her breath warmed my cheeks and I could smell the lingering scent of her perfume. Her hand cupped my crotch feeling my hard on straining at my underwear and trousers. She leaned in her lips brushing over my cheek. I turned and tasted her for the first time. A lingering kiss, her full lips on mine. I turned to face her full on, my hands running down her arms holding her waist as we kissed more deeply, our tongues darting in and out of each others mouths. I raised my right hand, up her waist finally finding cold, pale flesh, she let out a moan as my hand cupped what it could warming it up. 

By this time she had unzipped my trousers and was rummaging around inside. Now it was my turn to moan as I felt her hand finally find its way into my underwear gripping my shaft and pulling it through the opening in my trousers. She worked it with one hand she had a good touch not brilliant felt more like she was trying to strangle my poor cock instead of pleasuring it, but fucking hell it felt good to feel a woman on my cock even if it was just her hand. 

I lowered my head kissing her neck, her shoulder, finding her breast and lifting it with my hand I kissed the cold goose pimpled flesh, her nipple brushed against my stubbly chin and she let out a gasp. Her gasp was even louder when I finally ran my tongue across her thick nipple before taking it into my mouth. 

Jayne led me by the cock to the fountain, where she sat on the lip. She opened her mouth tongue flicking out across the tip of my cock, now it was my turn to gasp. She ran her tongue along the length before sliding it between her full lips. Jayne only took a couple of inches I am not a stud by any stretch of the imagination an average 7.5 inches uncut, Jayne was simply not one for deep throating. What remained she held with her hand and worked it slowly allowing her mouth to set the tempo. Slow sucks were followed by fast frantic ones then back to lingering slow ones with only the tip of me in her mouth. What she lacked in jerking off she made up for in blow jobs.

I broke free, feeling some what close to the end and not wanting this illicit tryst to come to a screeching halt. Lipstick and saliva ringed my cock that stood hard and erect the foreskin pulled back and the head angry looking in the lights from the fountain. Jayne breathed heavy, her eyes staring at my rigid cock she reached down and started to hike up her dress revealing her legs encased in tights. I knelt down, the gravel biting into my knees and scraping my shins but I did not care. I grabbed the crotch of the tights and tore at them, ripping the joins. She wore white granny pants, obviously she had not expected to strike lucky at the wedding. I could feel the dampness of the crotch as I pulled them to one side revealing in the low light, a mat of dark bush around parted lips. I leaned in my tongue playing across each lip. Jayne's hand grabbed the back of my head as my tongue found her clitoris raised and eager to join the party. 

My left index finger parted her wet lips and sunk into her feeling the ridge of her g-spot a short way in. My tongue went through the alphabet finding the letter that produced the greatest reaction. Jayne was B kind of lady. Her hand held my head in place as she moaned out how fast or slow she wanted me to go in between cries for her saviours. Her hips bucked and my face unceremoniously was pushed deeper onto her hairy vagina. I held my tongue rigid right on her clitoris and bent my index finger letting Jayne ride herself to orgasm. 

She came hard. I could feel her juices rushing forth over my finger and into my palm as her walls squeezed down, I was so eager to feel those walls round my cock. I lifted my head free and looked at her. Jayne's face was red and sweaty her hair was out of the bun and flowed loose over her shoulders and across her equally red chest. I took my cock in hand and rubbed it across her clitoris, Jayne let out a yelp "sensitive!" she squealed. I wasted no time and guided my cock to where it begged to be. Jayne was so wet that she opened around me with ease. Her walls gripped me as I started a slow thrust which gave me time to kiss and fondle her breasts. I smeared saliva and her own juices across each nipple and breast, which only made them taste and look better.

It felt so good to be in her, Jayne gripped me with her thighs and with her insides, I matched the way she gave me a blowjob. Slow thrusts, pulling almost all the way out the sliding it home equally as slowly burying my cock as deep as possible inside her followed by frantic thrusts that had us both gasping and moaning. I could feel myself getting closer and knew what I wanted.

I pulled free with a wet sound and stood up, Jayne looked at me a little shocked wondering had I suddenly had second thoughts so far in. Her shocked look turned to a wicked grin when I took hold of her breasts and started to rub my cock across the cleavage trying to gain access. Jayne helped by replacing my hands with her own allowing me to take my cock and slot it between the now hot flesh. Her juices worked as a great sticky lube my thrusts were long letting every inch of my cock feel these wonderful breasts, with my free hands I tweaked and softly rubbed her nipples. Jayne lowered her hand and stuck her tongue out catching the tip of my cock every now and then. 

I felt my balls contracting and pulled my cock free of its fleshy cage, I barely needed to touch it to finish myself off. I jerked my hips forward as the first stream erupted out of my cock head and across Karen's face which elicited a squeal of shock, the second stream found her right nipple and the remaining spurts lessening in their intensity covered the rest of her breasts with ribbons of cum. I let go of my cock, letting the last few latecomers dribble onto the gravel and with my hands free massaged my cum into her breasts, Jayne seemed surprised at this but let me get on with it. I rubbed my cum across her breasts over her nipples tweaking them with sticky fingers before lifting one hand to her face, she licked each finger slowly taking it into her mouth, running her tongue over it before sliding it out, she worked this way across my left hand. As she started on my right I leaned forward and tasted her sticky nipples, tasting my metallic saltiness mixed in with her sweat and juices from earlier. 

We walked slowly and a little unsteadily back towards the party, we said little just kept smiling goofily at one another as if we had just fucked in one of our parents bedrooms. I snapped away at the drunken fools on the dance floor and by one a.m. I made my final farewell to the bride and groom, equally as drunk as the people on the dance floor. Back at the room I went to shower but stopped myself, my cock was stirring in my trousers at the memory of only a couple of hours ago, the images on the camera lit up the screen and before I knew it I had my cock in hand stroking it swiftly and cumming again to the image of Jayne and her magnificent breasts.