 You stride into my confessional as rebellious as always. Dressed in a tight t-shirt and jeans that accent your delightful curves. I shake my head, I should not think these thoughts, your cap on at a stylish angle you slowly sit next door.

I listen as you begin confessing, you describe what you have been doing online. I listen in shock as you describe what you have a said and done with a man that is almost a complete stranger, how you have flashed your breasts over the internet, how you have described fucking him and sucking him and taking it up the ass. I gasp out loud as you continue to describe.

I find that I am getting hard in my robes, I cannot believe what you are doing to me, I try to focus but all I can think about is you displaying that sexy body to men. I try to be disapproving but find myself wondering what your pussy would feel and taste like.

You hear my gasp and peek round at me noticing the bulge in my robes. You grin as a wicked thought enters your head. You reach round and before I realize what you are doing you have begun stroking my shaft through the cloth. I groan, trying to tell you to stop.

You quickly move and pulling the robes apart you slowly lower your head to my trousers. Unzipping my pants you fish my cock out, I groan as your mouth is lowered over my shaft. What am I doing, this can't be happening?

I find myself reaching down and gripping your breasts, I squeeze your nipples through your top, realizing you don't have a bra on gets me even harder. I slowly pull your top up over your head; your breasts spring free, bouncing up and down as they do. I grin and feel my cock begin to pulse, you gasp as streams of hot cum begin to fill your mouth.

You greedily suck all my cum down, your breasts swaying as you move back and forth over my rod. I slowly pull out and watch as a string of cum drips down your chin; you pull it off and lick your fingers clean.

I am to far gone to back out; I pull your jeans down and your thing with it, marveling at your lovely shaved pussy, the lips gleaming slightly in the dim light. I make you sit on my chair in the confessional and kneel between your legs, licking slowly over your soft lips, flicking my tongue back and forth whilst my cock slowly hardens.

I listen to your soft moans as my tongue slowly probes the inside of a woman's cunt for the first time ever, I flick the tip over a small nub I know is called the clit and feel your legs tighten around my head as you gasp, I do it again and realize you love it.

My cock is now so hard, I want to take you now, I pull away and kneeling before your legs ram my hard shaft deep into your sensitive tight pussy. My large cock spearing into you splitting you apart as I fill you, stretching you wide apart.

You moan out loud, biting your lip as you feel my hard shaft invade your tight wet hole. I listen to your moans and they spur me on, I begin thrusting my shaft back and forth into your hot hole.

My hands reach down and grasp your hips, my shaft plunges in and out of your tight pussy, I groan at the feeling, this is the first time I have ever felt anything so good. I fuck you harder and faster, my cock ploughing in and out of you.

I lean down and fasten my lips over your nipple on your left breasts, my teeth grazing it as I fuck you hard and fast, I quickly swap to your other nipple, licking and sucking as hard as I can. My cock pounding you, we rock back and forth together.

It's a good thing the church is empty as your orgasmic cries begin to fill, echoing from the rafters. I can hear your cries filling the place with music sweeter than any hymn, I fuck you hard, deep strokes, filling you over and over, I can feel your pussy tighten around my shaft as you cum.

Your eyes are glazed as I fill you over and over, harder and faster, your body shakes from the intensity of your orgasm as my shaft continues to plunge in and out of you, I cry out as I cum, I pump my shaft deep into you, my hot cum blasting deep into your womb as I bury my cock deep inside you holding you to me.