 They were laying on the couch, watching an old rerun of the Seinfeld when Bill leaned over and whispered, "What turns you on?"

"You do, honey," Lisa said, rubbing his thigh.

"I'm serious." Bill clicked off the television, and sat up. She rose as well, and smiled at him. "So am I. You're the most incredible lover I've ever had. You know all the spots that make me purr and moan. You know when I want it soft, the touch of your lips on my calf or arm, your finger tracing light patterns on my clit. And you know when I want it hard, rough, pulling my hair, fucking me in the ass. It's like you're in my head. And you have a really big dick, which helps. Everything about you turns me on. Your taste, your smell. The way you hold me, touch me, make me want you when you're gone. You're everything I've always wanted in a man."

Smiling, Bill leaned over and kissed his wife, his hands running along her body, cupping the swell of her hips and pulling her into him. Lisa's eyes closed, and her lips parted, accepting his tongue into her mouth, as his hand gripped her ass, sliding up to the small of her back. After several long moments, Bill withdrew, leaving Lisa a little breathless. 

"What else turns you on? I know you think about other things. Tell me, please?"

Lisa felt a blush start to creep into her cheeks as he watched her, but she also felt a heat begin to rise within her belly. 

"Do you mean... like a fantasy?"

"Yes." Bill's hands continued to stroke the small of her back, as she spoke. 

"I think about girls."

"Oh really?"

"Yeah." She said, lowering her eyes.

"Tell me about it." Bill said, a Cheshire Cat grin on his face.

"Well... you don't think that's weird?" She asked tentatively.

"Hell no!" Bill laughed. "I think about women too. They're beautiful. Who wouldn't?"

"I said girls." Lisa's face was bright red, but her pussy was beginning to get wet, and he could feel the warmth between them. "Young girls."

"Like... how young? We're not talking children... are we?"

"Oh, God, Bill! What kind of pervert do you think I am?"

"Well, that's what I'm trying to find out." He laughed, moving his hand under the elastic of her panties to feel her moist sex.

"School girls, you know, college co-eds." Lisa parted her legs, allowing his fingers to stroke the lips of her sex. 

"Ah."

"I don't know what it is. I've always had this fantasy, ever since I was in high school. Back then, I thought I was just attracted to girls." Lisa was so wet, Bill was able to slip a finger into her. She gasped at the insertion, but continued. "But... well... as I got older, my school girl fantasies remained."

"Tell me about them," He whispered into her ear, his finger continuing to explore her.

"Well, I don't know... it's something about the innocence they have. They're so cute, and tiny. They're always in Catholic school outfits. You know, the pleated skirt, white socks, white blouse."

Bill left a trail of soft kisses along her neck and shoulder, pausing to say, "Yeah, I know," before going back to nibbling her ear.

"That tickles." Lisa laughed. "That's what really does it. The creamy skin of their thighs between the white socks, and plaid skirt. Oh God, and their tight little assses, and their budding breasts. I want to squeeze and kiss them. And I want to... to..."


Bill drew out his finger, slick with her juices, and brought it up to his lips. He licked it clean as she watched, smiled, and said, "Yes... what do you want to do to them?"

Lisa watched him for a second, mesmerized by the erotic display of him licking her juices from his finger, and then she continued. "Well... I want to eat their sweet little pussies. I want to push up their skirts, and get between those creamy thighs, and just start licking them until they scream. I want to be the first person who has ever done that to them, the first person to make them cum."

"That is so hot." Bill said, as he slipped out from under her, and got down on his knees on the floor. He reached up, and hooked the band of her panties, and slid them off of her. Lisa lifted her ass off of the couch, and wiggled, helping him take them off, then she let out a soft moan as he put his hands on her thighs, gently parted them, and lowered his head to her waiting pussy. Her juices were leaking out, and the musky smell of her sex intoxicated him. His tongue darted out, catching the dew that had gathered on her plump lips. Lisa shivered as his tongue lapped over her sex, moving from the mound of light aurburn hairs to the cheeks of her ass, then back up again. She bit her lip as his tongue parted her folds, gripping the cushions of the couch when his tongue flicked across her clit. "Keep going," he said.

"I... I... oh wow. Uh. They often have red hair, too. Red hair on their little cunts. And I... I'm so good, that I leave them... uh... begging for more. They start out kind of... ah... oh... oh God, Bill... right there... that's the spot, yeah..." she gripped his hair as he closed his lips over her clit, sucking it into his mouth, gently rolling his tongue over the top of it. Her breathing grew hard, and she was biting on her lip not to scream out, as he coaxed the fire up from her belly. Then her climax was on her, and she began to cum, squeezing his head between her thighs, her sweet juices pouring out over his lips, catching in his beard to glisten. He licked them up as they came, his tongue going over her thighs and ass, where the juices had spilled. 

Several moments later, when she regained the ability to speak, and he sat at her feet like an obediant puppy, licking her juices from his beard, she continued. "T-they're kind of reluctant at first. Because... well... they've never dones this before. But I get them so heated up, and their pussies so wet, and I bring them to climax so well, that by the end, they're begging me for it. And not just for me to do them. But for them to do me."

"Oh baby, that's so hot," he said, rubbing her calf.

She smiled down at him. "I know. It always gets me wet, just thinking about it. I feel like some kind of pedophile, but it gets me hot. I can't help it."

"That's a wonderful fantasy, hon. Now I'll be thinking of you with young girls too."

Lisa slid down on the floor next to him, snuggling up next to him. She kissed him, and tasted herself on his mouth. It was almost like eating out one of her school girls, and she felt herself getting wet again. "Tell me about your fantasies."

Bill wrapped his arm around her, and thought for a moment. "I guess it would have to be having sex in public. That's always really turned me on."

Lisa's hand went up, carressing his hairy chest, and followed the trail that led down to his red heart boxers. Her finger traced the swirl pattern of hair at his belly button, and she leaned forward and kissed him there. "Go on, " she smiled up at him, her hand sliding down to his growing bulge.

"Well... I like to think about us going out to dinner at a fancy restaurant, and you're dressed up all nice and sexy. But in the car, before we go in, I reach down and take off your panties." As he said that, Lisa grabbed his boxers, and pulled them off of him, freeing his penis, which sprang up. It was a beautiful tool, thick, and veined, with a patch of coppery curls at the base, and a pair of heavy balls. Lisa leaned forward, and kissed the tip of it, then began to lick along the shaft. "Continue." She said, and after a stammering start, he did. "And so, well, the whole time we're eating, you're sitting across from me... wearing nothing. I know your pussy is bare, and your skirt is riding up, and though the table cover doesn't let anyone see anything, I know. And it drives me wild. You know it, and play it to the hilt. Crossing and uncrossing your legs, slipping a hand down under the table, and then bringing it up to your lips, licking your finger. You have me so hard, watching your display." 

Lisa giggled, and then began licking and kissing the shaft, especially at the base of the flanged head. She opened her mouth wide, and accepted the head into her. Slowly, she swallowed more and more of him, letting his penis graze her cheeks. She took half of him, and then released the large cock, glistening with her saliva. She licked along the vein on the side, and then she went back down on him, taking more of him that time, though not managing the full length. 

"The whole time, all I can think about is fucking you. I consider doing it right there on the table, in front of everyone, but even in my fantasy, I'm not that bold. So I whisper to you, 'Meet me in the restroom.' And I get up and walk back there. As I walk across the restaurant, it's obvious I have a hard-on, and a couple people laugh and point."

Her pace quickened, coating the shaft with saliva, giving it little kisses and nips, and then swallowing him. Eventually she managed to take the whole length of him into her mouth, past her gag reflex, so that it touched the entrance to her throat. He stopped his narrative, and ran his fingers through her long, smooth aurburn hair, massaging her scalp and shoulders lovingly. He let out a series of inarticulate moans and gasps, and then, as she began to fondle his balls, taking them in her hand and rubbing them, his climax approached.

"I'm about to cum," he moaned, "I'm going to cum so hard." She let his shaft slip part way out, but kept him in her mouth, sucking harder on the shaft, drawing his orgasm out of him. And then he was cumming, shooting powerful blasts of semen onto her tongue, and the back of her throat. She released his penis, but kept her mouth close, so he could watch as his semen splashed on her lips, and into her hot mouth. She licked the white goo from her lips, and then made a big show of swallowing it all. Then she slithered up along his body, kissing him deep, the taste of his cum strong on her lips and mouth. He kissed her back hard, hugging her tightly, pulling her down on top of him. They kissed passionately for a long time, hands sliding across sweaty flesh, drawing gasps and pleasureful moans from each of them. And then Lisa pulled away, and said, "You haven't finished. I want to know what happens next."

"Well, I go into the bathroom, and sit in the stall, with my pants down. I take out my cock, and stroke it, waiting to hear the door open, and the click-clack of your heels on the tile. Eventually I do, and then I see you approach my stall. I open it, and take you, kissing you hard. I lift up your skirt, and feel you. Your pussy is so wet, it's dripping. I push you up against the wall, and slide my dripping cock into you from behind. You cry out as I enter you. I reach around, cupping your mouth with my hand to stop your cries, as I fuck you. It's a hard, wild fuck, and you bite my hand, trying not to cry out. I take a perverse delight in thrusting into you, trying to get you to scream, to attract attention, even as I cover your mouth."

As he talked, Lisa reached down, and began to play with his flaccid penis. Within a surprisingly short period of time, he was hard again, and she slid her tiny fist up and down his shaft, delighting in the sounds of pleasure that interrupted his words.

"The noise we make attracts a crowd, and people come in to watch us. I forgot to lock the door to the stall, and now, it feels too good driving into your hot pussy. So all these men are peering in, watching us, as I make you cum on my cock."

Lisa pushed him back, and straddled him. She raised herself up, and then let herself down on his hard, slick shaft. She shuddered as he entered her, stretching her walls as he always did. Bill's hands went up to grip his wife's hips, but he allowed her to control the pase, raising herself up, and then sliding back down on his shaft. He grinned up at her, the look of lust that transfixed her face, her breasts swaying, the muscles of her taut stomach rippling with the effort of impaling herself on his shaft. 

Her body glistened with sweat, and her long, aurburn hair was a tassled mess. She had never looked so beautiful to his eyes - except when, moments later, her eyes rolled back, and the most wonderful sounds escaped her slender throat, and she came all over his cock.