 Maria closed the door behind her and her stiletto heels began to echo inside the emptiness of the church. She was completely alone, except for the shadow of a man flickering on the wall opposite the confession booth. No one ever came to the church anymore, God had been dead in these parts for a long time and there was just no one who believed in religion anymore. She didn't believe in it either, but that wasn't why she was here.

She popped her head around the door of the confession booth and saw him before he knew she was there. Sebastian had moved here from Spain a few weeks earlier after the previous priest had retired. He was amazing. He was only in his mid twenties, just a few years younger than her, but he had the rugged facial features of a man who had been working outdoors all his life and a tan to match. His jet-black hair was fixed up with just the right amount of gel and he had a body underneath that cloak that she couldn't wait to get her hands on.

He looked up and was taken aback.

"Oh, good morning Maria" he said in that adorable Latino accent, as he tried not to make it obvious that he was as startled by her as he was by the surprise of seeing her. She was wearing a tight high-cut white top with faded jeans that left a large part of her mid-section unveiled for him to see, and she knew that he wanted to see more.

She did not reply immediately but walked over and knelt down in front of him. To take his mind from the thoughts of her that were going through his head, Sebastian broke the silence.

"Would you like me to hear your confession?"

Again she did not answer straight away but tossed her long blonde hair over her shoulder and looked into those gorgeous brown eyes of his and said:

"Father, I've been a very bad girl…"

He gulped as if he was trying to push his emotions down into his stomach, but he knew it wasn't working. He stammered a reply:

"Wha…What exactly do you mean Maria?"

She leaned closer to him, as if she were going to whisper a secret in his ear. "I've been having very dirty thoughts about someone, and I think that there might be only one way to make them go away…"

She leaned even closer and let her nose graze against his and he couldn't take it anymore. He grabbed her and kissed her in a passionate, almost violent, embrace that sent them both tumbling to the floor.

He finally removed his lips from hers and she felt him tracing a slow line of kisses from her neck down to her breasts, his breath making her skin tingle as he worked his way down, while his hand caressed the inside of her thigh. Suddenly the pleasure stopped and he said quickly:

"Shit, I'd better lock the door so no one walks in, back in one minute…"

He leapt up and walked as fast as he could to the door through which Maria had entered. She gathered herself up from the floor and walked the short distance to the altar rails which lay at the front of the church. She climbed the steps and hoisted herself up onto the altar, turning to face him and sitting with her legs crossed. 

She wanted him to take control, she wanted to unleash the devil inside him, and she knew just how to do it. As he approached her, walking as fast as he could with the bulge in his trousers, she uncrossed her legs and, undoing the zip on her jeans, slid her hand down into her panties. 

Pulling them aside slightly to let him see what she was doing, she slowly slid one of her fingers half-way into her pussy and circled it around five or six times inside herself. Then as he approached, mad with desire, and tried to kiss her, she reached for his head to stop him and instead pulled her finger out of her pussy and slid it into his mouth, pushing it in and out as if she were finger-fucking his mouth.

This had just the effect she had intended, he was like a shark that had smelt blood in the water, this little taster had made him ravenous, hungry for more. He pushed her ass further back on the altar and ripped her jeans off, tossing them aside on the floor. Then bending over her, he grasped the top of her panties between his teeth and began to slide them down to her ankles, spreading her legs further apart as he got them to the bottom. The feeling of being exposed to him like this was turning her on even more.

With her feet still in his hands, he kissed the skin just above her right ankle, then the skin just above it too, then just above it again, moving his lips and tongue upwards, making her wait for the moment when he would finally reach her pussy. By the time he got to her knee, her thighs were almost quivering in anticipation and the feeling of his tongue and warm breath on her skin was making her wetter with every passing second.

Finally, she felt his tongue reach the bottom of her pussy and with one slow, teasing motion he slid it upwards onto her clit. She couldn't take it any longer, she pushed her crotch forward into his face, urging him to go faster. He complied, working his tongue into a frenzy on her clit and she wrapped her legs around his back, pulling him into herself even more, getting closer and closer and finally the waves of pleasure spread from her pussy all the way to her fingers and toes and she came so hard that she bucked her pussy into his face, almost forcing herself off the altar.

Exhausted and elated, she lay there for several moments while they both caught their breaths, waiting for him to make the next move. Just as she looked up, she saw him lean towards her and kiss her hard on the mouth, the taste of her own juices still fresh in his mouth. She closed her eyes as if intoxicated by the taste and reopened them to find him pulling away from him and picking up something from the altar beside her.

He held a small, decorative chalice in his hands, which she must have toppled over during her ecstasy. "Would you like a drink?" he asked with a smile. God his accent was sexy, even when he was saying an everyday thing it still turned her on.

"Sure" she said, kind of surprised.

She watched him walk around behind her to the tabernacle and remove from it a small grey cask, from which he poured a fair portion of red wine into the chalice. 

She took a sip from it and before she knew it he had climbed up onto the altar beside her and was straddling her mid-section, beginning to remove his white collar and quickly undo the buttons on his black shirt. She had to set the wine down to avoid spilling it and she reached around and grabbed his back with one hand while her other helped remove his top.

She couldn't believe how well-built he was, the muscles on his golden-brown chest were bulging and glistening from the sweat of his exertions. She pushed him backwards so that he was sitting semi-upright and she was kneeling in front of him. She slid his shirt down over his shoulders and ran her hands over his biceps as she pulled it down over his arms.

Shooting him a quick smile, she reached back for the chalice and, resting its base on his right shoulder, poured its entire contents over his chest. Before it had even run down as far as his trousers, she had her tongue in his belly-button and ran it slowly upwards over the rippling muscles in his stomach, savouring the smell of his body and the taste of the wine mingling with his sweat. 

For several minutes she ran her tongue over his body from trouser line up to his armpits, licking every last drop of the wine off him. Raising herself up a bit higher, she pressed her body against the wetness of her own saliva on his chest and kissed him slowly on the mouth, her hands around his waist undoing his belt and pulling down his zip. 

She slid down his body again and with her right hand pulled out his cock from his boxers, feeling it's size and girth on her fingers. She started slowly jerking him off while she placed the tip of her tongue at the base of his cock and ran it the whole way up the shaft. He groaned softly and she began running her tongue back and forth over the head of his dick, lapping up the pre-cum that was oozing from it. She began pushing more and more of him into her mouth, loving the taste and smell of his manhood.

"I want to taste your cum so bad" she gasped, stopping momentarily, becoming impatient.

She could feel him getting closer, his moans becoming louder and faster and she did not notice him reach to his side and pick up the empty chalice which had almost rolled off the altar. With that, he reached his arm forward and gently pushed her head away from his cock and holding the chalice in front of it, exploded into it so hard that bits of his cum rebounded off the inside and went flying into the air around him.

He finished unloading into it, and left her sitting there for a moment dazed and disappointed.

"Don't worry", he said, pushing himself off the altar and letting his trousers and underwear slide down to the floor, "you're going to like what's coming next even more…".

He took her by the hand and lifted her off too, and led her down to the altar rails, her heart pounding at the feeling of having been denied and the anticipation of what he still had in store for her next, her feet shivering on the cold marble floor.

He knelt down and motioned her to do the same, setting the chalice on the floor beside them. He took his strong hands to her sides and she feel her heart beating against them and with a firm but gentle motion he pushed her backwards against the altar rails, sending a shiver down her spine with their sudden cold touch. 

He reached backwards for his trousers and from the pocket removed two pairs of rosary beads, both of which he took and with some effort managed to rip in half. He leaned into her and began kissing her softly above her breasts, his breath teasing her neck and making the small hairs on her arms stand on end. While his mouth was busy with this, he took her right hand in his and pressing it against one of the bars, began tying it to the bar with the broken rosary beads.

She looked over in shock but he just shot her a smile and having finished the knot, firm but not tight, he went to her left side and set to work on her left hand. Her head was spinning, she felt so exposed, her hands being tied and her legs wide open in front of him, but there was something about doing what she knew was so wrong that made her even more excited and her breath quickened as he completed the second knot.

By now his dick was back to full size, and she stared at it intently, wanting it in her mouth again so much, but he had other plans. Still on his knees in front of her, he lifted her legs up and placed the tip of cock against the lips of her pussy, which was by now dripping wet. She moaned softly at the feeling of him sitting at her entrance, waiting to impale her.

"You want it so bad don't you?" he asked with an evil grin on his face and slid about 1 inch of himself inside.

"Ohhhhhh yes" was all she managed to get out.

Her moaning grew even loader. She tried to push herself towards him, forgetting for a moment about the knots on her hands, but he had placed himself in such a perfect position that it only allowed him to get a little bit inside her, and there was no way she could get any more of his dick inside her until he said so.

"You're going to have to do better than that" he said pulling himself out to her lips again, "I want you to beg for it!"

She felt her pussy screaming for more, he kept sliding it in a little then back out in teasing motion, and it was driving her mad with desire, she wanted all of him inside her right now!

"Ohhh yes", she begged, "I want you inside me" she almost screamed.

"FUCK ME" she yelled, "I want you to fuck me so hard."

With that he began sliding into her a little bit more, and each time that he pulled out he would rub the tip of his cock gently against her clit, but not as hard as she wanted him to, he was making sure she wouldn't come before he wanted her to. He had her totally in his control.

"That's a good girl." he replied, "That's just what I wanted to hear, but before I do that there's something you have to do for me."

With that, he reached to his side and lifted the chalice and raised it up to her lips.

"Here, drink it!" he said, and began pouring it into her open mouth.

She reached out her tongue like someone dying of thirst in the desert and eagerly took the entire cup full into her mouth, letting the taste of him mixed with a small drop of the wine that had remained in the chalice play on her tongue before she swallowed it.

While he kept going in and out he poured every last drop of it into her, and when she had finished, he set the chalice aside and putting his finger to her mouth, moved it down her neck onto her breasts, as if he were tracing the line that his cum was taking inside her as she swallowed it.

She felt like she was going to explode, when suddenly he lifted her legs even higher and with a merciful thrust, drove all 7 inches of himself inside her. Her head flew back against the bars as she moaned so loud that she could feel her voice going, and his thrusting was going faster and harder, pounding her pussy.

"Oh GOD" she yelled, as she tossed her head back hard against the bars and came so hard she thought she was going to break the knot of the rosary beads as her body rocked against them.

Seconds later, he pulled out and shot his load all over her chest. One of the drops even made it as far as her chin and while she lay recovering she slid her tongue out and licked it up gratefully. Seeing that she wanted more, he slowly untied her hands then sat down on the floor behind her, with her back pressed against his chest, and rubbing her chest and stomach caringly, he put his hands under her tits and lifted them up.

She knew what she wanted him to do and she wanted it even more, she lowered her tongue to her tits and licked off every drop of his juice that had splattered on her chest. He stood up as soon as she was finished, and she lay there exhausted.

She saw him putting on his clothes and thought that she should follow his lead.

"I need to get this mess cleared up before tonight," he said as he pulled on his shirt.

She was still in a world of her own thinking about what had happened, but saw from the look on his face that she'd better leave to give him some time to get things sorted.

"You've done that before haven't you?" she asked with a smile, pulling up her trousers.

"Maybe" he said, returning her smile, "and if you like I can make sure that it happens again. Anytime you feel like coming to confession, I'll be here!"

"I think I may be back sooner than you think, I'm beginning to have those dirty thoughts again!" 

And with that she turned and walked down the aisle and out the door.