 Confessions chapter 12 – Seth

Thank you TexanCowgirl for editing.
Thank you Sillybilly1993 for the story idea.



I was visiting home for the summer break from college a few years ago. It was good to see my brother and two sisters after the months of being away. Gill was going off to college next year, Mandy was entering eleventh grade, and Bianca was home after her third year in college. Bianca had brought her friend Ally over, as Ally had a couple weeks before she would fly back to Oregon to her family, which had become common the past few years. Ally visited anytime Bianca came home.

As usual, my parents had the house spotless, and a big dinner planned for our first night home. It was always a big deal with them to see all of us back under the same roof. The more the merrier for them. They would often ask me when I would bring a friend home to share our simple tradition, to which I would just laugh and shake my head. I have never been a popular guy, and never really wanted a lot of people close to me.

The evening went by quickly, with each of us sharing our experiences of the past year, and what we would like to achieve in the following one, small talk, and simple banter, nothing out of the ordinary. 

When it came time for bed there were quick, happy smiles, and good nights given, and all of us went to our rooms. Well, except me. I have always preferred to shower when most people were asleep, I never really knew why; I think it was I just wanted the reduced chance of someone walking in on me, which seems to happen a lot in a family of six, and an open-door policy for all the friends.

After the nice, hot shower, I dried myself, wrapped a towel around my waist, threw a brush through my blonde hair, and headed down the dark hallway to my room. 

I closed my door before turning on the light and smiled, happy to be out of a dorm, and the thought of sleeping in my own bed once again, the double bed with red sheets, and a superman bedspread that I had had since I was young.

I walked to my closet to grab some clothes and jumped back after opening it. Ally stood there looking back at me. Her eyes were dark and mischievous, her red hair pulled back in a long braid. Her body was adorned with a flimsy nightie that barely covered her smooth, shapely body.

I went to talk, but she took a step toward me and placed a single finger to my lips. Her voice was a whisper, "Listen Seth. I have watched you for the past three years, and every time you get sexier, and sexier. You have no idea what you do to me."

Her finger moved across my lips, to my cheek and down to my jaw line, where she slowly traced it, "Bianca told me that you are still a virgin, is this true?"

I didn't know if I should be pissed off that Bianca would tell someone that or be happy for it. But it was true, I had never been with another person, hell, I had only kissed three girls in my life. I took a breath, but could not find the words to reply, so I simply nodded my head.

Ally's lips curved to a small smile, "Unbelievable. With a man as sexy as you, one would think women would be throwing themselves at you. I told Bianca how I feel about you, how attracted to you I have always been, so she helped me trap you. And now, here with you, with your towel the only fabric shielding that wonderful body from me, I am so much more excited."

She let her hand fall to my chest and caressed me, "Such a tight body, so sculpted. I would never question why you are so good at sports. You are so fit."

I tried to regain my composer, tried to think. But, here I was, with my sister's beautiful friend standing before me, her small hands upon me. And she was confessing her desire for me. I had looked her way many times, I always thought she was the best looking friend my sister had ever had, inside and out, but, with her so close I didn't know what to do. 

Then the thought of utter humiliation crossed my mind, what if this was a prank, a simple act for a good laugh? My throat unclenched, and my mouth could move once more. I placed my hand over hers, "Very funny Ally, now where is Bianca hiding? I think you two have enough for a good laugh."

Bianca wet her lips, her grin widened, and she took hold of my cock with her free hand, "Bianca would not want to see this Seth."

I froze in place, all but my cock which turned from the semi-erect position to the full-fledged hard-on. Once again my breath was lost; all thought of this being a prank vanished.

She stroked me through my towel and moved her lips close to my own, allowing them to slightly touch as she spoke, "I want you Seth. I want to kiss you, caress you, please you. And I want you to take me, take me on your bed, and make love to me. Will you do that for me Seth? Will you make my fantasy come true?"

My words were almost a squeak, "Anything you want Ally, anything you want."

She pressed her lips to mine, and it was like fantastic fireworks exploding in my head. As she deepened the kiss, I followed her lead, wrapping my arms around her and pulling her as close as possible.

She pulled away slowly, leaving several quick pecks upon my mouth and took a hold of my hands. "Do you like me Seth?"

Do I like her? What kind of question was that? She was gorgeous, without comparison. She was like a goddess, and in my room, barely covered by a sexy white nightie, and had to ask if I liked her. "Very much."

She smiled her angelic smile once more and led me to the bedside. Her hand slipped from mine and traced my abs to the towel, which she tugged at, dropping it to the floor. 

She wrapped her hand around my cock and moved her mouth to my neck, kissing at my skin. 

She sent shivers of delight through my body and I lifted my head to allow her more access to me. She took me greedily, sucking and licking at my skin, each movement exciting me more than I thought possible. 

Then she released me and stepped back, "Now, I will show you me."

Her eyes locked onto my own and she, ever so slowly, pulled the nightie up and over her head, exposing her small, round breasts, her tight stomach, and the lacy panties covering her sex. 

She smiled to me as her fingers hooked the waistline of her panties and she lowered them, bending at her waist, her fingers touching the floor at the same time as the flimsy fabric. She stayed there for a moment, her bare back looking up to me, her braid dangling to the ground, and I took it all in, her smoothness, her contours.

As she began to lift her torso back up, she moved, ever so slightly, forward and let her mouth slide up my cock before standing erect once more. I felt myself lift to my tip toes as her mouth left my cock and felt that I might orgasm with the simple touch.

She took my hand and placed it on her breast and I caressed her slowly, bringing my other hand up to grasp her opposite one. 

She moved the first hand down her body, letting my fingers taste her stomach then down to her pubic region. The soft texture of her shaved pussy surprised me at first, but she guided me to her lips and I slid a finger between them. 

Her voice was husky, "Yes Seth, slide a finger inside me, get my nice and wet for you. I want you so bad."

I obliged without thought, without hesitation, sliding my finger deep inside her womanhood, then withdrawing it, and entering her again.

She nipped at my ear, "Oh yes Seth, that's it. Slide in a second and fuck my pussy with your fingers. I have wanted this for so long."

I tried to kiss her, but she slid her head to my shoulder as I did what she commanded, sliding in a second finger. I began to move my wrist faster. 

She bit at my shoulder, "Twist your wrist Seth, make me come!"

Her words were demands that would not be unanswered and I did as instructed, twisting my wrist and fucking her with my fingers faster. Her hot breath cascaded down my body as it became a rapid succession. I felt her pussy grasping at my fingers as her juices flowed more freely.

Then with a slight cry from her lips I felt her pussy spray its love into my palm. Her pussy clamped onto my digits, her mouth locked onto my shoulder, and her body collapsed into my own.

We stood like this for some time, my fingers still inside her, her body still tight to my own, before she moved my hand from her and stepped back. "That was great Seth, now, sit down for me."

I nodded and sat back onto my bed. Her body glistened with sweat, her chest raising and lowering as she regained her own breath, and she was even sexier than before.

She came to me, and positioned herself above my lap. She lowered her mouth to my own, locking us in a sweet kiss. I felt her hand slide between us before she took me and lifted my cock toward her sweet pussy. 

She released our embrace for just a second, "Now I am going to make love to you Seth." With that I felt her lower herself onto me. My cock slid inside her wet pussy with little resistance and a whole new world of pleasure opened to me. She began to rock her hips on me, and released our kiss once more so she could lean back.

I wasn't sure what to do, so I began to move my hips up and down as she rocked on me. I let my instincts move me to her tits, and kissed her nipples.

Her voice was labored, "God yes Seth, suck on my nipples, grab my ass."

I did her bidding, reaching around her tight body I placed my hands on her ass and squeezed her. I let my mouth engulf her nipple and lashed at it with my tongue, flicking and rolling it.

Her body moved quicker on me, her hips bucking and rolling furiously. Her hands wrapped around my head, pressing my mouth tighter to her tit, her ass flexing and releasing with every thrust.

She pulled my head from her, and licked her lips, "Now let us cum together Seth. Fill me with your love as I release myself on you."

Her fingers moved down her own body and she pressed them against her sex. Her fingers moved in small circles, and I focused on them. Her pussy began to clench at my cock. When she cried out to me, and her orgasm sprayed onto me, I released myself inside her. Wave after wave of mind-numbing bliss cursed through me.

I held her tight to me as I started to come back to reality. I smiled to her as my cock softened inside her, and she kissed my lips. "That was wonderful Seth."

Slowly she lifted herself from my body. She slid her panties and nightie back onto herself and slid onto my bed, resting her head upon a pillow. "Come Seth."

Once again, I did her bidding, sliding up beside her. She moved her head to rest upon my chest, "I think I could get use to this." She said as she kissed my chest.

I nodded in agreement and fell to sleep, leaving behind a greater dream in reality then I had ever achieved in sleep.