 Chapter 13 – Angel

Thank you TexanCowgirl for editing.

I have always been the good girl, never took drugs, smoked a cigarette, skipped school, or had intercourse with a boy. And I remained that way until after I had graduated high school. But, the summer before I went off to college the joy of lust was shown to me. 

My brother, who is a couple years older than I am, was home from college that summer as well, and with his arrival came the arrival of his friends. He played football, hockey, and baseball in school so it was not uncommon to have some sports going on in the backyard with him and his buddies. Ordinarily I would just sit by the pool and ignore them, sunbathe in my own world. But as they played, I happened to notice one of his friends kept looking in my direction.

I think I am a pretty girl, not skinny, but slender. My brown hair is shoulder length, and I have been told my blue eyes have a sparkle to them. I'm not tall, just over five foot four, so my legs are not long, and with my body structure my breasts are not very big. But, I do fill in my bikini nicely, so I was not very surprised.

The friend that kept his eyes peering my way was Leo, a big guy, six foot four, I'm guessing around two fifty, large muscles, reminded me of one of the wrestlers you see on television. He had been John's friend for as long as I could remember, and stayed over often. I never thought of him as a datable man, didn't even think of it really. Never did I think he would be looking at me as anything other than John's little sister. But that day, I felt like his eyes were tasting me, feasting on me, and I have to admit, I liked the way it made me feel.

However, it wasn't long before some of the others started looking in the same direction as he was and my shyness kicked in so I covered myself with a towel. Suddenly feeling like I was some sort of meat for them. No wonder I never wanted a man that close to me.

As the day went on I found myself moving my towel a bit to the side when Leo was looking my way, but as soon as he noticed I would feel my face began to heat up and I would cover myself once more. I didn't really mind him seeing part of me, but the idea of him seeing a lot was just way too much for me. 

Eventually most of John's friends left for the night, but I found out that Leo would be staying, which was no surprise as his parents had moved when he started college and lived four towns away now. He winked at me when I heard the news and my face reddened at the simple gesture. It was an odd feeling; never had I blushed for a man before.

I let the night come, and treated it as such, doing the same routine as I had many times when Leo had stayed over. Leo was a good guy, always made time to let me fit in a bit when I was younger, tossing the ball my way and telling the other guys that I threw better than they did when I tossed it back. He would cover me with a blanket if I was chilly at the fire pit, and defended me when he was a senior and I was a freshman if anyone was even a little rude to me.

Needless to say, this was just another ordinary night for me. So when I felt the time was right I slipped off into my room, stripped down to my tank top and panties and nestled into my covers for a good night sleep.

I woke sometime later, the house was quiet and dark, but the hall light glowed through my door. I heard footsteps and let my eyes peek from beneath my covers. My heart leapt into my throat when my door began slowly opening and I could see the silhouette of Leo in the doorway.

He moved slowly and silently, which I didn't think possible, and closed the door gently behind him. The small lamp of my desk flickered on and I pretending to still be sleeping as I peeked through my eyelashes at his massive figure moving toward me.

He knelt down beside my bed and rested a hand on my shoulder, his voice was a whisper as he spoke, "Angel, are you awake?"

I fluttered my eyes mocking my awakening and stretched my arms a bit, "Leo?"

He smiled and stood up, and for the first time I noticed that he was in just his underpants. He smiled down to me, "Will you get out of bed for me?"

I regained my composer, willing myself to not look upon his bulge. My words were catching in my throat, "I'm not dressed Leo, just my panties and top."

He flashed a wonderful smile at me, "I figured that, Angel. That's what I want to see. You, as a woman."

He held his hand out to me, and I felt myself taking his hand and moving out of my shelter. I couldn't stop myself from moving to my feet for him, doing as he asked.

He took a step back and caressed my arms as his eyes feasted upon me once more. His voice was soft, and comforting, "Wow, you are gorgeous. And the pink hello kitty boy shorts are absolutely sexy on you." His fingers moved down to my fingertips, and then over to my thigh, slowly he moved them up and traced the design on the side of my panties.

I bit my lip, a confused, tantalizing nip to myself, as he touched me. Never had I thought of even showing this much to a man, forget letting one touch me.

He moved his hand, resting his fingers beneath my chin, gently lifting my face up to him, "It's okay Angel, just say no if you want."

I couldn't respond, my words were still lost to me, and he leaned down setting his lips upon my own, and I accepted them. Softly, ever so softly he kissed me, deepening it with every passing second. And I was loving it, loving it so much that the heat was leaving my face and flowing through my body, centering on my genitalia. I pressed against him, finding I wanted his embrace and he gathered me in his arms, pulling me into his muscled chest.

He released me and stepped back again, "You have never been touched have you Angel?"

I giggled, more to myself then him before I shook my head.

He smiled again and kissed my forehead, "I'll treat you right. Just let me lead you."

I nodded, "Anything you want Leo." I couldn't believe that I said it, but he had me, like putty in his hands. I would do anything he wanted, and I knew it.

Leo turned me so my back faced him and stepped close to me, I could feel his cock on my lower back through the fabric of our clothing. He lowered his head and dropped light kisses to my neck as his hands wrapped around me and rested upon my stomach. His fingers began to gather up my tank top, and when I felt his hands upon my bare flesh the fire between my legs intensified tenfold. 

His fingers worked up my sides, taking my top with them, I lifted my arms with little prompting from him, and felt the cool air on my flesh as my top fluttered to the ground beside us. His hands slid down the insides of my arms as I lowered them, and then back to my stomach. He lifted his large hands and covered my breasts in them. Ever so gently he slid them forward, trailing his fingers on my breasts before rolling my nipples between them.

I felt my body falling back upon him, the desire inside me building with every touch, and when he rolled my nipples they shot out quickly, begging for him to squeeze them. And when he pinched my nubs I did all I could to control myself from pressing my hips and rubbing my ass against him. The thrill, the delight, the joy from his simple touch was driving me crazy.

He rolled his fingers back down my body, and as he stopped those wonderful hands at my waistline kissed at my earlobe and whispered, "I want you to enjoy every second of this Angel. I want you to savor it. I have wanted to please you for so long."

I tried to talk, tried to tell him that he was so hot, so desirable, but his lips moved to my neck and all I could do was tilt my head to grant him an easier access. His fingers slid down, over my panties and pressed against my love box. I pressed myself against his touch, my desire, my passion growing with every second. I wanted him to please me with his hands. I wanted to feel his body against my back as I climaxed in response to his touch.

Leo must have felt my need; he shifted my panties to the side and slid a finger deep inside my hot pussy. Slowly he began to fuck me with his hand, and when his thumb pressed against my clit I lost my knees and fell against him. My very breath was taken from my chest as my entire body shook with the complete pleasure of the orgasm flowing through me. My mind whirled, my eyes clamped shut, and mouth locked in a silent scream. His finger moved in small circles, his thumb tapping on my clit as he rode me through the moment of the greatest delight in my life. Wave after wave of my feminine juice flowed from me, and I thought, and kind of hoped it would never end.

My breath came back to me in short gasps, my body loose upon Leo's as my orgasm subsided. He kept his finger inside of me, kept his thumb pressed against my clit, kept me wanting him to never stop when his sweet voice hit my ear once more, "Do you want to touch me Angel? Do you want to take me in your mouth?"

I couldn't say no, no matter how disgusting the thought of sucking a cock was just hours prior to this, I had to, I had to please him, had to thank him for my pleasure. And I nodded my voice barely audible, "Yes Leo."

He slid his fingers from me, and I could feel more of my fluids leave me as he did. The pleasure of him leaving was greater than I thought it would be, I could still feel him even when he was gone, and the way he circled my opening with his fingertip, made me gasp for air once more. 

As he moved around me he let his hands slide upon my flesh, milking me more into his control. He kissed my lips as he moved down to sit upon my bed, and then shifted onto his back. He smiled up to me as he removed his underwear exposing his large cock to the night air. 

I gasped at the size, there was no way I would fit that in my mouth, but he shushed me softly and pulled me toward him, "Just kiss it Angel. Kiss at the shaft of it, and lick at it."

I did as he told me to, kneeling beside him; I bent down and licked at his shaft. I kissed at him, and wrapped my tongue around him as best I could. I felt his hand upon the back of my neck and looked up to him. He smiled at me as his voiced fluttered to my ears, "Put the head in your mouth Angel. Caress my sack with your hand. Will you do that?"

He used his free hand to lift his monster up to encourage me, and I shifted my body, moving more above him. I pressed a hand to his balls and slowly rolled them in my fingers, the weight was amazing to me, and I found myself sliding my fingers all around them. I looked down to the head of his cock and opened my mouth as wide as I could as I lowered myself upon it. Filling my mouth with him, I sucked lightly.

He released a small moan and I felt him put some pressure upon the back of my head, telling me to bring him in further. I sucked him deeper in my mouth, and felt the head hit the back of my throat. I fought from gagging, but could do little to resist. He chuckled softly, "Don't worry, gagging is okay too. Now start sliding your mouth up and down my cock, fuck my cock with your mouth Angel."

I nodded as best I could and did as he wanted, bobbing my head up and down, sliding his cock around in my mouth, taking him as deep as I could before sliding back off him. I kept my fingers upon his balls, and caressed them as I felt his hand pushing me to go faster upon his cock, "Stoke me with your other hand Angel, jerk me off as you suck on me."

I felt his cock expanding, and moved my free hand to his cock, stroking it, and sucking on him. His cock was slippery with my saliva and I began to pump him faster, my hand slapping against his body before sliding back up after my mouth.

He lifted my face from him, and looked to me, his words were rushed, and heavy, "I'm going to cum Angel, suck on my balls and stroke me off."

I moved my head between his legs quickly and sucked on his nut sack, pulling one ball into my mouth, then the other. My hand moved rapidly on his huge cock. I moved faster as his moans grew, and I felt the pressure building in his member. He let out a gasp and I watched as a thick stream of cum flew from him and splattered upon his chest. I sucked harder on his balls and continued to stroke him as he released four more of the thick streams. 

He rested his hand on top of my own as he stopped shuddering and looked down to me, "You are great. Now take off your panties and wipe me up. I'll give you another delight."

I released him from my mouth and hand and stood in front of him. He smiled to me, "You are so sexy Angel. I have to see your wonderful body naked."

I found myself blushing at his encouragement and slowly began to slide my panties from my body. As I stepped out of them and lifted them I was surprised how wet they were. Soaked with my juices from earlier and I hesitated before moving them to his body. He winked at me, "Yours mixed with mine will be good, wipe me up so I can show you more pleasure. Unless you want to taste it, but I thought we would try that next time."

I bit my lip, thinking of tasting it was just a bit out there still, so I moved to him, and began to clean him with my panties. He reached out and touched my pussy, slowly sliding his fingers over it as I cleaned him, "It is so sexy seeing you clean me with your panties Angel. You are so hot; I can't wait to taste you."

I found myself moving my hips to him, trying to get a finger inside me as I wiped him. I too was feeling sexy as I cleaned his cum with my panties that were soaked with my own juices. And when he mentioned tasting me I felt my heart leap with excitement. The thought mixed with his fingers where enough to make me almost orgasm once again.

As I dropped my panties to the floor he took his hand from me, again leaving me with an emptiness that I had never felt before. He patted the bed beside him, and I sat down quickly, anxious to please him, ready to be pleased by his magical touch. He moved off the bed and knelt before me, his smile wide. He pushed up to me and kissed at my knee, then he parted my legs and slid his tongue up my thigh. His fingers gripped at my legs as I felt his mouth nearing my pussy, and I lifted my pelvis for him. He let just the tip of his tongue touch one of my lips and I dropped my head with pleasure of the simplicity. He blew his hot breath on me as he spoke, "I always knew you had a nice shaved pussy Angel. Now, I'm going to put you in heaven."

He pushed his mouth onto my pussy, his tongue sliding deep inside me. He moved his hand pressing his palm against my clit as he spread my folds with his fingers. His tongue slithered in and out of me, driving me insane. My mind whirled as he withdrew his tongue and wiggled the tip just inside my lips. I felt my orgasm building as his mouth kissed at my pussy. He licked and sucked on me like a ravage beast and I was loving it. My hips were bucking against his face, my breath clamped in small gasps of air. My fingers moved to his head, pulling at him, trying to push his whole face inside me. Then he did the most wonderful thing, he moved his hand off of me, his palm off my clit, and sliding two fingers deep into my hungry pussy he feasted on my clit. He wrapped his mouth around it and sucked on me, then flicked his tongue over it. My orgasm was like a tempest storm, and my breath was gone as wave after wave of the wonderful sensations took me. I couldn't breathe, my back was arched high, my fingers dug into the back of his head as I came. I felt the sensations of my juices as they squirted from my hot pussy, and I slipped into complete utopia with his mouth on my clit, and fingers deep inside my wanting pussy.

The rapping of his tongue on my clit slowed as I began to regain my senses. He withdrew his fingers from me, and gave me a good long lick before addressing me once again, "You taste awesome. Now, may I fill you with my cock Angel? May I make love to you?"

I nodded several times. As if he had to ask, I wanted to feel that huge cock inside me, I had to have it inside me. I wanted him to fuck me, make me feel like a woman is supposed to. My voice was lost but I mouthed my words several time, "Yes, please yes, yes!"

He kissed up my body, slowly licking at my belly button for a few moments before moving up to my stomach, his lips taking in every inch he passed. He licked up my breast and sucked on my nipple, and I found my own hand caressing my bosom, and feeding it to him. The way his mouth felt on my breast was greater than I had ever imagined. Then he moved up my neck and locked his lips onto my own, locking me in his sweet kiss. 

I spread my legs wider for him as I felt the tip of his cock pressing against my folds, and slowly he began to slide inside me. I pushed against him. What a great concoction of pleasure and delight all at once. The pain almost made me want to cry, but the pleasure was so overwhelming that nothing else mattered, nothing but him, having him inside me, taking me to my limits, making me feel him. I lifted my hips, and his hands found my ass, squeezing my cheeks as he pushed himself deeper and deeper into my waiting pussy. 

He began to pump his hips, fucking me slowly, then faster as I pushed against him. I wanted to tell him how good he felt, how much I loved the feel of his beast inside me, but words could not be formed. I felt an aching desire to cum on him, and I slid my hand between us and pressed my fingers against my clit as he pumped his monster faster. He lifted himself slightly as his pace increased. I circled my clit with my fingertip, and pressed harder as my stomach began to tighten once more. I pressed on my clit hard as his body slapped against mine. I couldn't restrain myself anymore and I cried out to him, "Fuck me Leo! Of god yes, fuck me!"

Leo did as I had hoped; he began to thrust his cock in and out of my pussy rapidly. The power of him slapping against me shook the bed against the wall. His hands engulfed my ass, and I pressed and wiggled my fingers upon my clit. My orgasm was nothing short of heaven, I could feel myself squirting out between my pussy and his cock, and my screams of delight were barely muffled by his mouth. Shudder after delightful shudder ripped through me as my fingers ripped into his back. My orgasm was so powerful I thought I would never release him from my pussy. 

He pulled his mouth off of mine and quickly withdrew himself though, and to my surprise he began to stroke himself rapidly. He threw his head back and streams of his thick hot cum cascaded onto my chest, covering my breasts and stomach. 

I moved a hand to caress his semen on me, my other still pressed against my clit, until he collapsed upon me. 

We laid there for some time, his sperm the only thing between us before we cleaned each other up. It was more fun, and exciting then I had ever imagined it would be, and I longed for our next time. To my delight, it was only a short wait.