 Thank you Pleaseplease for editing! 

I have been married for some time now, longer than I care to admit to be honest. In my marriage I had been faithful until a few years ago. I know, how could I lose my faithfulness? It was a matter of circumstance, in a moment of weakness. But in that moment I found a thrill I will strive to gain as often as I can. Slut? I don't think so, but if that is what I have to be to get this wonderful thrill, I will be one. I will be a dirty, naughty slut for that complete euphoria and I won't care.

I am an older woman, touching my forties, my hair is long, midway down my back and only a few white strands dare invaded me. I'm just over five foot six and pushing, well, let's say a hundred and thirty pounds. I like to consider myself curvy but in shape as I have always worked out with medium sized breasts, 34c if you need to know. 

It was a normal day for a Friday, work then home. On Fridays my brother-in-law, Dale, and his wife, Cynthia, came over for dinner, every Friday for the past nine years. It wasn't anything unusual nor did I expect anything different. After we had our meal we headed into the living room for some drinks and small talk. Like always the conversation turned to sex, one half of the couple was always in need of it more often than the other, same old, same old.

This Friday; however, we all had a bit too much to drink and my husband, Bill, decided that Dale and Cynthia should probably stay in the guest room for the night rather than drive home. It wasn't uncommon for this to happen but it was rare.

We seemed to pass out fairly quickly but I woke just past one in the morning and was dying of thirst, no doubt caused by the alcohol. So, I just threw on Bill's shirt to cover my top figuring no one would be up and just let my booty shorts cover my bottom. 

I kept the lights off, allowing myself just the glow of the fish tank in the living room to illuminate the kitchen as I retrieved a glass and let the water run for a few to cool down before filling it. And then he spoke.

"Damn, no wonder why Billy always wants to play with you."

I held my breath! I could just imagine how I looked! My hair down, wearing light blue button-up shirt and batman booty shorts. I felt my face heating with embarrassment.

I took a long sip and found my voice, "Thanks Dale, if you don't mind I would like to turn around without you seeing any more of my body and head back to bed."

He chuckled and the sound of it went right down my spine, "I wouldn't mind seeing more of your body Lynn. I mean, I have seen you sunbathing before, it's not much different. Although, batman looks really good on you."

I bit my lip, this just wasn't happening! "Okay Dale, thanks, now time to go. Bill or Cynthia could come down the stairs anytime now and think something was going on."

He laughed again, "Bill is out cold and so is Cyn. And would they be wrong? I mean, you have been teasing me for years and it's not like you haven't fantasized about me. In all honesty, sometimes Cyn and I pretend we are you two when we fuck."

Oh my god! For some reason I thought that was extremely hot! And the fact was, I had fantasized about him, more than once. I mean, who wouldn't? He was over six feet tall, at least two-hundred forty and solid. I had seen him come out of the pool many times and before he pulled his shorts to take away the suction I had a great view at one very large cock. Hell, I had a dildo named Dale! Fantasized? A bit! Cynthia practically had an orgasm telling me how good Dale had treated her a couple years ago when we were in a canoe and alone. And before I had fallen asleep I heard Cynthia's moans of pleasure echoing throughout my home while my husband laid asleep beside me in his drool. But fantasizing is one thing, doing is another. "That's great Dale, time to go." 

I could hear his footsteps moving closer then felt his warm paws as they pressed against my hips, "Something tells me you don't want me to go. How about I just hold you a bit?"

His hands were so big, so warm. I could feel myself heating between my legs. I had to make it stop before I could no longer find the will to resist. But my body would not move and once again I was left giving shallow words, "Okay Dale, you made your point. I have no doubt you can please a woman. Sure, I fantasized, but that's it. We can leave it there."

I felt his lips close to my ear and his body press against mine, his cock pressed firmly against my ass. His words were little more than a whisper, "I can please you Lynn. Just relax baby girl."

I tried to breath, tried to resist but everything in my body told me not to. My mind was screaming no, but my body was begging for him to show me how much pleasure he could bring me. I wanted to die, yet felt so alive at the same moment. I concentrated on my words but I doubt they were more than a whisper, "Enough Dale."

His hand slid to my arm and guided the glass to the counter where I let it settle. His other hand moved in front of me and very quickly and skillfully unfastened the buttons of Bill's shirt. He ran his fingers up my arms to the top of the shirt then, taking a step back, let it slide off my body and to the floor. He gave me no time to react before he was back against my body. His hands moved to my stomach and ever so slowly up to my breasts. He milked me with such a light touch that I wanted to scream for him to take me right there and when his fingertips closed over my nipples I could feel the moisture of my pussy begin to soak my panties. His touch was driving me insane!

His lips closed on my earlobe then he whispered again, "You are like a porcelain doll Lynn. I have waited for what seems like an eternity to feel you against me. I have longed for your touch for so long."

I wanted him! I wanted him so bad! And the fact that my husband was so close by didn't bother me; in fact, it began to add to the excitement! I turned my head and found his lips. I kissed him deeply, sooo deeply. I couldn't get enough of his mouth! And when the fingers of his right hand slid down my body I felt my legs part for him, inviting him.

He kept one hand firm on my breasts, the tips of his fingers pinching and rolling my nipple. His other hand slid stealthily into my panties and when he pressed the tips against my folds I almost exploded. I began to move my hips against his fingers but he stopped me by pressing me hard against him. His lips left mine and went back to my ear and his words were deep and quiet, "I'm going to please you Lynn. But, I'm going to please you my way."

There was something about the way he said those words. Something that told me he was going to do things I had never had done to me and I didn't have a choice. And, to be honest, that excited me even more. I don't know what my words were, I don't even know if they were words. I just wanted him to take me, to make me cum over and over and I didn't care how. I was his to use.

He slid the hand off my breast and gently pushed my top half down onto the counter. I complied easily, the excitement growing more by the second. What would he do to me? How much would he please me? I could hardly wait for him to do what he wanted to me!

His fingers left my wet pussy and I felt all ten upon my panties brim and slowly he slid them down my legs. I felt every inch of their movement, every fiber of my being was being jolted by the simplicity of how smooth and how slowly batman slid down my legs. It was incredible!

When the panties were on the floor Dale knelt behind me and softly caressed my ass. His hand was so big, so firm on me, I wanted to feel it forever. He slid his fingers between my thighs and I spread my legs without hesitation, I wanted him to touch me, I wanted him to enter me! He used the tips of just two fingers and ran them through my folds until he was pressing them against my clit. His words were soft but stern, "Spread your beautiful ass for me Lynn."

I swallowed hard, the thought of spreading my ass was so outrageous to me, so foreign. Was he really going to touch my ass? Was he really going to take me where no other had? I didn't care, I wanted him to! I heard all the pleasure Cynthia had experienced and fuck her! She wasn't going to get all the fun anymore! It was my turn! I wanted Dale to do all the things he did to her, to me. I moved my hands behind me and spread my cheeks for him, spreading them as far as I could.

His words teased my ears again, "That's a good girl. I'm going to make you cum Lynn." I felt the coolness of the air on my ass then the heat of his breath. As he slid his thumb deep into my tight pussy he pressed those fingertips to my clit and his tongue slithered over my pink rosebud. I almost came on the spot but he released my clit, "Not yet baby girl."

I tried to hold back as he replaced his fingers on my clit. His tongue moved in tight circles around my hole then he slid it inside my ass. His thumb pressed down on my G-spot and his finger tips pinched my clit. I screamed, yeah screamed, as I felt my juices spray out of me! Oh, fucking lord, what an orgasm! And as my body shook with wave after wave of my orgasm he kept his tongue inside me, kept his thumb pressed hard against me and kept his fingertips pinching on my clit.

I don't know how long my orgasm lasted or how I managed to keep my feet under me but I knew it was a good long one, one of the longest and most intense orgasms in my life. I wanted more, I wanted a lot more. And when his tongue and hand left me I actually whimpered. I whimpered as a way to beg him to do it again!

He helped me stand upright and turned me to face him. His smile was spread across his face, his blue eyes bright against the light of the aquarium. He nipped at my nose and placed his hand on my cheek, "I want you Lynn. I want to fuck you right now, right on this table. Do you want me Lynn?"

Hell yes, I wanted him! I wanted him to take me right then and there! I wanted him to fill me with his giant cock! I wanted him to make me cum over and over! Unable to find my words, I bit my bottom lip and nodded to him.

His smile widened and he took a step back, "Help me from my shorts Lynn."

Again, his command was not ignored. I looked down and saw the head his cock sticking out from the top of his boxers and my mouth watered at the sight of it. How badly I wanted that cock! How I hungered for it!

I slid down on my knees and pressed my lips to the head of his member. I could taste his pre-cum and, for the first time, I liked it. I rolled my tongue around it as my fingers took ahold of his boxers and slid them to the floor exposing his whole, beautiful, wonderful member. How big he was, how hard he was! 

I dropped my face lower and licked at his balls, sucking on each one ever so lightly before sliding my fingers over them, gathering them in the palm of my hands and rolling them with my fingers. I slid my tongue up his shaft tasting him. No, that wasn't him, I could taste Cynthia on him! I could actually taste Cynthia's pussy on his cock! I decided I would make sure none of her would be there when that lovely cock entered me and took him deep in my throat. I have no idea how I fit all of him in my mouth but I did. I swirled my tongue around his shaft as I slid him out and then moved quickly back down his monster. I could taste Cynthia so much for the first few times I worked him but her taste began to dissipate as I moved faster and faster on his cock. Fuck her! He was only going to have my scent on him! 

As I went down, burying him in my throat, he placed his hand on my head and stopped me. I was disappointed and left wanting. I wanted his cum, I wanted to feel his power with my mouth but he held me there and whispered, "Enough Lynn, I don't want to get off in your mouth. Get on the table for me."

He released my head and I obeyed but not before getting one more decent lick up his shaft, god he tasted so good! I slid up on the table and spread my legs for him as he moved between them. His hand went to his shaft as he got closer and I whispered a deep, "Please." I couldn't believe I was begging for him to fuck me! But, I wanted him so bad, I wanted to feel his large cock inside me, I wanted to cum on him over and over, god, I just wanted him to take me!

He smiled at me and pressed the tip against my wet pussy, "Not yet Lynn."

Not yet?! Not fucking yet?! I wanted to grab him and push him inside me! I wanted him to fill my pussy as deep as I could take him! Not yet! I bit my lip and struggled to keep control of myself. How would I ever receive the pleasure he could give if I didn't obey? I rested back on my hands and closed my eyes, my words were a whisper, "You're fucking teasing me Dale."

His voice was deep and soft at the same time, "And you will love it Lynn. I'm going to make you cum again. And when you do, I'm going to slide inside you." He took the head of his cock out of me and run it up my folds so it slid over my love button then, back down and inserted just the tip. He gave me just a little bit of his cock then slid back out and up over my clit again. The sensations were magnificent! The feel of his cockhead barely inside me then, gliding it over my sex was driving me insane! And before I knew it I was moaning loudly and in the euphoria of another earth shattering orgasm. I could barely breathe I was cumming so hard! 

When I found my breath again I opened my eyes to see his smile. His eyes studied mine and I liked the lust within them. My words were shaky, "Please let me feel you inside me Dale."

His smile widened and he positioned his cockhead against my opening, "As you wish baby girl."

His free hand grabbed the back of my hair and pulled my head back fiercely, his mouth came down upon mine like a rabid animal and with one thrust he buried himself deep inside my hot pussy. I was so fucking excited! To go from being treated like a princess to being treated like a whore drove me wild! His thrusts were hard and fast and I was bucking my hips against him. How full I was! How deep he went! 

I could feel myself starting to tighten around him and he pulled out of my quickly, "Not yet Lynn, stroke my cock you little slut!"

That was so hot! So sexy! I reached around and began to stroke him but as soon as I did he pressed against me. Every stroke I made the knuckle of my thumb roll over my clit, every move I made brought us both closer to orgasm and I loved it! I loved being his dirty slut! I loved stroking his cock. I loved feeling my own love button.

It took just a few strokes before I was screaming out again, an orgasm that was so strong I could feel my stomach muscles fighting against me. And in the middle of my orgasm I felt his cock plump up just before a hot stream of his man juice hit my chin and flowed over my breasts. My stroking and orgasm continued as another thick bead hit me then, another. I kept stroking him, kept pressing my clit until I couldn't move anymore. Several spurts of his cum had splashed against me and several convulsions of my pussy had taken me to another dimension. I couldn't breathe. I couldn't talk. I couldn't scream anymore.

He leaned back and took my hand from him. I released him without a fight and opened my eyes to his wide smile. I looked down at myself, covered in his cum, it sliding down my body, between my legs and mixing with my own sweet juices. I loved the look of it, loved the feel of it. I was in complete euphoria and knowing that my husband was not far away from me made me grin wider. What would he say seeing me covered in his brothers cum? On his table, soaked from my orgasms and lathered in his brothers?

Dale leaned in and kissed me softly, "Thank you Lynn, I can't wait to touch you again."

I watched him leave, longed for him to come back but he didn't. I sat on the table for some time before going and cleaning myself up. Later, as I lay in my bed I cuddled close to my husband and drifted off to sleep quickly.

Now, sometime later, I know my urges, I know my desires. To be with another man while my husband is close is a thrill I cannot get enough of. I have been with his boss at a company picnic, his friend at a party we were at, a stranger at a costume party. And I have been with Dale several times. 

I can't get enough sex while he is close by and I find myself longing for it. Soon, I want to take a man in the dressing room at the mall, maybe I'll get caught but I don't care.