 I had been driving cab three years. The shifts were long and the night shift was the only one available. It meant I didn't get to spend any time with my wife and kids but I discovered a fringe benefit of the job, getting to fuck other women.

The first had been when I was a rookie. I had only been driving about two months when I picked her up in front of the Fox's' Den, a male strip club.

The buxom blond hailed me and piled into the backseat giving me her address about five miles away in a newer part of the city.

"Have a good time?" I asked making idle chit-chat.

"I sucked one of the strippers' cock." she replied.

I was somewhat shocked by her admission but could see she had far too much to drink.

"He didn't come in my mouth, I just sucked it a couple of minutes." she clarified, "God I'm horny."

"Your hubby will look after that when you get home." I told her.

"His little dick can't satisfy me." she revealed, "Do you have a big cock?"

"Eight inches and pretty thick." I boasted.

"Wanna fuck an old married woman?" she asked.

The Esquire Motel had become a favorite spot to take a whore since the highway bypass had cut off their drive-by trade. For twenty-five bucks the East Indian manager would rent you a room for a couple of hours of fun.

The blond appeared to be mid-thirties and had the biggest set of jugs I had ever seen on a woman her age, Once inside the motel she hastily began to disrobe.

First off came her blouse uncovering an overflowing white bra, the real industrial strength type to hold her enormous boulders. Reaching behind her back she unfastened the bra releasing the pressure and pulled it off allowing her two creamy mounds of soft flesh to tumble out. They were huge, her aureoles were three inches across and her teats struck out like little fingers.

With out hesitation she unfastened her skirt and let it drop to the floor around her ankles. Stepping out of the skirt she stood there before me in only a pair ufo well filled white satin panties. She had a bit of a pot belly but there was a mound of pubic hair pressing out from her pussy. A few escaped strands revealed her true hair color was a mousy brown. Hooking her thumbs under the elastic waistband she peeled the panties down over her wide hips uncovering her natural bush.

She jumped onto the bed completely naked and spread her legs.

I quickly stripped and stroked my cock a few time looking at her waiting cunt. She moaned softly as I mounted her and guided my cock head to her wet opening.

I slid into her easily, she must have had a baby as her pussy was comfortably stretched. Slowly I began to fuck her as she wrapped her legs around my hips.

"Oh yes, that feels good!" she groaned as I bottomed in her.

"Fuck me hard Stan!" she groaned as I pounded her with mu cock.

Her pussy was quickly lubricating so my cock could slid easily in and out of her passage, my cock made soft squashing noises as our bodies slapped together in passion.

"Come in me!" she pleaded as I sensed her about to have her orgasm.

I made one final surge ramming my cock as hard as I could into her until volleys of my thick sperm began blasting into her womb.

She came like a woman who had been denied an orgasm for too long of a time, "Oh fuck, Yes! Yes!" she screamed.

Her legs gripped my like a vise as she raised her hips upwards to accept my cum. She froze suspended in time while her climax possessed her body, finally collapsing into a satiated mountain of flesh. 

Conquest number two came almost eight months later. I was working the night shift and waiting outside the Jockey Club Tavern as closing time approached.

The Jockey Club was a bust spot on the weekend where all the younger set went to shake their booties. The dance floor would be packed with girls in their mini-skirts looking to be picked up by the man of their dreams. Come closing time if they hadn't scored they went home alone.

A strange thing about drunk girls, they won't accept a ride with a stranger but they will jump into a cab with a driver they don't know without a second thought.

She was one of the first out as the exodus began. She was obviously drunk and her complete left tit was hanging out of her blouse. She made a bee-line for my cab and hopped into the front seat.

"Get out of here!" she snapped.

Quickly I pulled away leaving the crowd behind.

I looked over at my passenger, she was a redhead about twenty-one or twenty-two with kind of a cute face and short cropped hair. Her perky little tit was still exposed with its tiny pink button nipple.

She made no effort to cover her breasts and he skirt was up around her ass exposing her shapely legs and her white silk panties.

"Want to fuck me for the fare?" she asked.

"Whare are you going?" I stalled.

She gave me an address in a housing complex about twenty minutes away noted for welfare tenants.

"Suck my cock first?" I tried to sweeten the deal.

"O.K." she agreed begrudgingly. 

I drove the cab into a trucking company lot and parked between a couple of semi-trailers.

I opened my zipper and pulled out my hard cock. Dutifully she bent over and took me into her mouth.

She was a skilled cock-sucker, working my prick with her tongue while sucking it like an industrial vacuum cleaner. I groaned as I held the back of her head in my hands and fucked her throat. 

I would have loved to fire my load down her throat but I wanted to feel my cock in her pussy.

"In the back." I said.

I watched her silk covered ass climb over the seat as she got into the back. By the time I opened the rear door her head was against the opposite door and her skirt up over her panties.

I reached in and tugged her panties down uncovering her ginger red manicured bush. Her pussy lips were glistening with cum, she had already been fucked!

Her cunt was still hot and throbbing as I slid into her. Her pelvic muscles contracted by reflex as I filled her fuck hole. She started gyrating her hips in an effort to get me off.

She squirmed under me like a wildcat, thrusting her skinny hips up and down as she rotated on my cock. I could hold back no longer and let my load go flooding her already sloppy cunt with more jism.

Number three happened when I took a booze delivery call. I had picked up a bottle of Smirnoff vodka and taken it to the red brick backsplit in a new subdivision. 

Parking in the drive I went to the front door and rang the doorbell. I heard the chimes sound in the hallway inside and heard her coming to answer the door. I saw her silhouette through the frosted glass in the door as she unfastened the lock.

The door opened and she stood there in a knee-length light blue terry robe that was untied and open. Her breasts and down covered pussy were completely on show.

"Step in and I'll get your money." she said making no effort to cover her charms.

The living room was nicely furnished in a modern motif, black leather couch and chair with glass and chrome tables. A large painting of a nude hung over the fireplace mantel, the subject looked remarkably like the woman who had answered the door. 

She came back into the living room from the hallway looking in her handbag/ Her robe was still open and I watched her unfettered breasts jiggle as she walked.

"How much do I owe you? she asked pulling out her wallet.

"Thirty-five bucks." I told her adding the ten dollar delivery charge to the price of the booze.

She handed me two twenties, "That's O.K." 

"Would you like a drink?" she asked not concerned about covering her exposed body.

I was in no hurry to leave and end the show, "Sure."

"Mix?" she asked.

"On the rocks." I replied.

She returned in minutes from the kitchen carrying two drinks. Handing me mine she walked over to the couch.

"Mind if I removed this?" she asked as she started taking off her robe.

Before I could answer she was sitting totally naked on the black leather.

"Your husband working late?" I asked to establish how long I had to enjoy this naked beauty.

"He's out of town." she answered 

It looked like it could be an interesting evening.

We sat there making idle conversation while I drank in her beauty. Her husband was an area manager for a chain of automotive muffler shops and frequently was on the road two or three days at a time. He had called earlier from Timmins, an eight hour drive away.

She was tall an slender, looked about twenty-eight or twenty-nine-years-old, stood five foot six or seven and weighed maybe a hundred and twenty pounds. Her shoulder length auburn hair was done in a page-boy framing her pretty face and iridescent green eyes.

She had absolutely perfectly formed breasts, 38C's with large,pink nipples that protruded about half-an-inch like oversize pencil erasers. The impeccably trimmed vee of pubic hair above her pussy confirmed auburn was her natural hair color.

"Do you want to fuck?" she asked casually as she drained her glass.

I couldn't believe my luck, this horny wife was looking to get laid.

"Sure." I smiled.

I followed her naked body as she sauntered down the hall to her bedroom. I stared at he bare ass as her hips swiveled a few feet ahead of me contemplating what it was going to be like sticking my cock in her.

I followed her into the master bedroom. The bed was unmade, obviously she had not been in the mood for housework.

"Get undressed," she ordered as she straightened the covers on the bed.

I tore off my clothes as quickly as possible as she positioned herself spread-eagle on top of the bed.

Her legs were open and I stared directly into her damp slit as I mounted her.

Her arms wrapped around my shoulders as I covered her and she raised her head up to kiss. me. My hand guided my throbbing cockhead to her entrance and I pushed my hard cock into her hungry cunt.

She was like warm silk as my cock stretched its way into her love tunnel. Her legs wrapped around me in an embrace of passion.

"Oh God, I needed that!" she moaned as I reached my full depth in her womb.

Slowly I began that ancient dance of breeding with the sex-starved wife.

"You can come in me, I'm on the pill." she advised me as she started to gyrate beneath me.

She fucked like a nymphomaniac, thrashing under me continuously. Her pussy held my cock like a hand in a velvet glove. As I was on the withdrawal stroked her hips raised up following my cock and I slammed her back down into the mattress like a wrestler pinning his foe to the mat. 

"Oh yes, fuck me hard you bastard!" she screamed loud enough for the neighbors to hear. "Fuck me, fuck me like a dirty slut."

She fucked as if it were the last piece of ass she was ever going to get. 

"Let me get on top so I can come." she said.

Apparently I wasn't hammering her hard enough and she wanted to get on the top to ride my cock the way she liked it. I obliged her by rolling over while keeping my cock buried in her cunt.

Once free on top she started riding me like a rodeo bronc buster sliding her cunt up and down on my slippery shaft.

"Oh yes!" she hollered as her tits flopped wildly around over my face.

I was no longer in control and knew I could not continue at this pace very long before I blew my load into her. Grasping her ass in my hands I urged her to climax, "Come baby, come!"

I could see by the look on her face I had her right on the brink of her explosion. I thrust my hips upwards driving my dick hard into her to pull her trigger.

"Oh shit, her it comes!" she yelled as the orgasm grabbed her body.

I could feel her juices flush down over my cock as she spasm on my cock, she was a squirter dumping a cupful of pussy juice over my balls.

We fucked for over an hour before I reluctantly had to leave.

The next one had been around seven in the evening. I picked her up at a north-end address and she asked to be taken to Soul City, a bar that was a notorious spot for black dudes to pick up white chicks. 

She looked to be around eighteen and got into the front seat beside me. Usually when a woman got in the front seat it meant she was approachable.

"Going to shake your bootie?" I asked her smiling.

"My God damn boyfriend pisses me off!" she replied, "He just spent four grand on a transmission for his Mustang."

"Well, you know what they say about guys and their cars."

"He should be buying me an engagement ring with the money." she said disgruntled. "Don't you think I'm pretty enough?"

I looked at her,she was attractive. Shoulder-length sandy blond hair, baby blue eyes, a cute nose and pouty lips. Her breasts were a nice size pushing out her tight fitting sweater and her bare legs beneath her knee-high skirt looked shapely.

"You look like you're worth four grand to me." I answered.

"Do you want to get fucked?" she asked.

Her question took me by surprise, I paused.

"Take me somewhere and I'll let you screw me." she said.

I headed the Ford in the direction of the Esquire Motel.

We chatted on the way to the motel.

"I've never done this before, Bob's the only guy I've screwed." she confessed.

Hot dog, she was the next best thing to a virgin!

"Does he make you come?" I asked her.

"Twice in almost two years." she said.

"You're going to like what I give you." I promised her.

I could tell she was a stranger to a motel room. Her and her boyfriend probably fucked in the car or maybe her bed when the parents were out.

"Get undressed." I told her as I put the chain on the door.

Shyly she lifted her sweater above her head and wriggled it off. She was wearing a pastel blue push-up with little pink roses around the top of the cups. Folding her sweater neatly she carefully draped it over the back of a chair and reached to unfasten her plaid skirt.

She stepped out of the skirt and placed it on the chair beside her sweater.

She wore matching blue panties and ankle socks with her penny loafers.

Reaching behind her back she unfastened the bra and brought it forward in her hand. Her breasts were petite and perky with small pink buttons for nipples. I could see the tan lines her bikini top had left across her milky white mounds.

Tossing the bra onto the chair she began to tug her panties down over her hips revealing her natural dirty blond pubic hair. She lifted her feet out of the panties and tossed them onto the pile of her clothes.

"Take your shoes off, you can leave your socks on." I told her.

She did as requested and jumped into the bed naked.

Her eyes were locked on my cock as I approached her stroking it.

"Please don't hurt me." she whimpered.

"You're going to love this." I said as i climbed on top of her.

She was on her back with her knees apart in the air as she was no doubt use to being mounted. I buried the head of my cock in her hairy nest and pushed it in.

Her pliable pussy stretched to allow me to occupy the space she had been saving for her boyfriend. She moaned softly as if she was not accustom to a large cock in her. She squirmed around a bit to get in a comfortable position to get fucked.

I was all the way in her as my balls rested on her inner thighs. I could tell by the look on her face my cock was much bigger than her boyfriend's.

"That feel good?" I asked her.

She just groaned as my cock stretched her to new limits.

I started fucking her, sliding my cock in and out of her passage. Gradually her cunt enlarged and she started lubricating so my cock slid easier into her depths.

I figured she was on the pill as I was in her bare cock and she hadn't said anything about the possibility of getting pregnant.

As she got use to the strange cock in her she started moving her hips in time with my strokes.

"Oh God!" she moaned, "That feels so good."

Her pussy was quickly becoming more fuckable, stretched and wet, sucking my cock deeper into her. I hammered her harder and harder with each stroke.

"You're going to make me come!" she groaned. Her face was twisted like the face of a woman on the edge of an orgasm, I slammed her harder still.

"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaargh!" her back arched as the orgasm slammed her body.

My cock started spurting rich, creamy sperm deep into her womanhood.

She climaxed on my cock, desperately trying to suck more of my cock into her to satisfy her need.

I fucked her one more time doggy-style before dropping her off at Soul City for some big black bull to play in the mess I had created.

It was New Year's Eve, just a few minutes after midnight. The streets were deserted as the everyone welcomed in the New Year in the clubs.

I was driving along Concession Street through the business section when I saw them coming out of Doc's Tavern.

The blond was tall and statuesque, wearing a floor length blue sequel gown with no coat, 

It was unusually warm but still cold enough to demand a coat. 

The bodice of her strapless gown had fallen down and her breasts were completely exposed. Her pink nipples stood out like bullets in the night air.

Her escort was a few feet behind her, a short redhead guy obviously pissed out of is head. Seeing my cab he flagged me to stop.

The topless blond got into the back seat while the guy got in the front and gave me the address of an apartment building a couple of miles away.

"You're a fucking pervert!" the blond snarled from the back. 

I looked in the rear view mirror, she had made no effort to cover her bare tits.

Her hair had been done upswept with a small silver tiara embedded in it. Her makeup had been carefully applied before tears had caused her mascara to run. The woman had gone to a lot of trouble preparing for her night out to welcome in the New Year.

"My loving husband wanted me to fuck a black guy at the party." she informed me.

"You know you like black cocks." her husband replied.

"And you know I am not on the pill." she argued.

I was right in the middle of a domestic dispute when I drove up to the El Mirador Apartments. The El Mirador was a luxury high rise overlooking the city skyline.

"Help me get her up to the apartment." the husband asked.

I knew that the rush of party-goers heading home was about to begin.

"I'll give you fifty bucks!" he added.

Thankfully the lobby was deserted as we hustled the wife into a waiting elevator. She was still half naked as the elevator whirried us up to the fourteenth floor.

He quickly unlocked the door to 1410 and we got his wife inside.

"Into the bedroom." he ordered. The blond had quieted down and was on the verge of passing out. We guided her into the bedroom and laid her across the king-size bed. Her husband yanked her gown down and off her legs leaving her laying there in just a pair of bikini panties and thigh-high stockings.

She had not been wearing a bra and her husband peeled her flimsy panties down over her hips uncovering her smoothly waxed pussy lips.

Her husband took a hundred dollar bill from his wallet and handing it to me told me to fuck her'

"Should I use a cock safe in her?" I asked.

"No, you can come in her." the husband said.

I remembered what she had said about not being on the pill, apparently part of her husband getting his jollies was playing Russian roulette with his wife's pussy.

With my cock in my hand I climbed on top of her. She was still semi-conscious and moaned as she felt my weight on her.

"Oh God no," she moaned as my cock slide between her pussy lips.

She was not tight and I easily penetrated her the entire length of my cock. She felt like a comfortable well fucked broad who had felt many cocks inside of her. Instinctively her long legs wrapped around me and she began to respond.

"Fuck him you dirty whore!" her husband yelled with his cock in his hand, "Show him what a slut you are."

Strangely his taunts ignited a fire in her and she began to buck wildly under me. The blond cam alive thrusting here cunt upwards to accept my plunging cock.
