 "It is indeed very unladylike not to share, Alex. You have had those two handsome men all to yourself! It seems you are partial to the Red Speedo one. The least you could do is introduce me to Tattoo!"

I was braced to be punished, to be fired in disgrace. It took me a minute to grasp this new twist. It seemed I could not only have Davis, but I could keep my friendship with Sue, stay at my job, and make Tattoo very happy. Sue was looking at me expectantly. I found myself smiling, giggling, incredibly pleased by this development. Promising Sue that I would get back with her, I hugged her and left the office, anxious to be with Davis.

As promised, he was waiting in the lobby. I almost walked past him. Silly me, I had still pictured him in the red Speedo, and for some reason had not expected perfectly fitted jeans and a red sport shirt. He was so handsome! Red was his color, complimenting perfectly his dark hair and blue eyes. He stood as I approached, reaching for my hand, pulling me close for an embrace. His smile lit the room. His hand on mine was warm and smooth, the fit perfect.

I was grateful for so many things. I hadn't lost my job or my friendship with Sue. It was a beautiful Saturday, so I had no classes and could spend the whole day with Davis, if he wanted me. Dressing for work this morning, I had worn a pretty sundress, newly purchased to celebrate the arrival of Spring. Under it, was a lacy black demi-bra and bikini panty, making me feel extremely sexy and womanly. AND, I was with Davis, my dream man, about to embark on our first date. Today was wonderful!

Davis stared, trying to reconcile the cleaning lady in the baggy, big outfit with me, a woman with a nice figure and pretty girlish clothes. He was having problems. I had left my hair down, the curls softly brushing my shoulders. Without the dark-framed glasses, my hazel eyes were wide and fiery. He stood there, holding my hand and just looking at me. Finally, I guess he realized that he was being quiet, and he pulled me close again, whispering, "Hello, Mouse!"

I liked the nickname on his lips, so I didn't correct him, rather I stood on tiptoe to kiss his dimpled chin and whispered, "Hello, Speedo!"

Of course, now he would forever be Davis to me, but I thought of him fondly by his previous name. Holding hands, we left the gym, walking together to his car. He had to shorten his stride considerably so I could keep up with him, but he did it effortlessly. I thought it might have been awkward, considering the way we had met, the things I had seen, but it wasn't. It was a perfect first date. He was every bit as sweet and charming as I had dreamed he would be.

We went to breakfast, discovering we had many similar tastes in foods. We sat there forever, eating, talking, laughing. It felt so comfortable, yet so exciting to be with him. I felt we were in a different world, one where the census was just two.

After our leisurely meal, we began to walk around the neighborhood. It was full of old specialty shops and stores. The sun was out, the sky was blue, the streets were crowded with strolling couples, yet it seemed we were alone, discovering each other. He was so funny. I laughed all morning, happy to be alive and to be me. He was also kind and considerate, polite and intelligent. He told me about his writing, some of the people he had interviewed, some of the places he had been. But, unlike many males, he was interested in me too. He listened as I told him of my dissertation, my life, even my family. He appeared to care about my opinions, and I loved that.

It seemed just moments later that the sun was beginning to set and the air became cool. And hunger struck. Davis invited me to dinner and I quickly accepted. In his car, he had a sweater which he gently draped over my bare shoulders, holding me close for a moment. 

Dinner was at a romantic restaurant, with strolling violin players and flickering candles on each small table. Again, we had similar tastes in food, and he ordered a delicious wine. I sat across from him, content and pleased with the path my life was taking. He held my hand a few times, his long fingers toying with mine, his fingertips tracing the lines in my palm, sending shivers up my spine. After dinner, he asked me to dance. On the dance floor, he held me close, fitting our bodies together, perfectly meshed. Like everything else he did, Davis danced beautifully. He had innate grace and made anyone with him look good too. I rested my cheek on his chest, listening to his heart, feeling his warm hand on my bare back and just moved with him. It was only when the music stopped and I looked around that I realized the other dancers had cleared the floor for us, and now applauded us as I blushed.

It seemed too soon and the day was over. Now, we were quiet as we walked together to his car. He opened the door, closing it carefully after me. After starting the engine, he reached for my hand and held it as we drove to my little hovel. As he pulled up outside the building, I felt sadness that this evening would be ending. Davis seemed to feel the same. He turned me to him, holding me by the shoulders, contemplative. Then he leaned down to kiss me, gently at first, just soft lips brushing against each other, then bolder, with more urgency, washing my mouth with his tongue, demanding entrance. I responded eagerly, accepting his probing tongue into my mouth, teasing it, loving it. When we broke apart, he began to shower my face with angel bites, butterfly kisses, little licks and nips, anything to keep us close and touching. My hands found a home in his hair, massaging his scalp, holding him near me. I felt the now-familiar ache I had come to associate with him, the nearly overwhelming desire he created in me. 

We were pressed together, my nipples hard from the contact with him, the demi-bra not much support at this point. His hands caressed my cheeks, molding me to his touch. It seemed impossible not to go further, and yet, we didn't. The kisses slowed, became softer and less demanding. Finally, we were just together in the dark world of his car, two people who seemed to belong together. Just not tonight.

He moved around the car, opening my door, assisting me out. He walked me to my apartment, waiting until I unlocked and opened the door. Then, he kissed me softly on the forehead and said goodnight.

I went inside, closing the door and leaning against it, unsure of what had happened. The lust I had felt all these weeks had turned to like and real desire. I couldn't wait for tomorrow to begin.

The next morning, I was in a quandary. Not sure what to do, I chose to do nothing. I cleaned the showers and dressing rooms first, making them fresh and ready for Davis. I went to the pool and openly admired him while he swam. But then, I continued to clean offices and various rooms, fighting the pull of the showers and the two men. This seemed better. After he dressed, Davis came to find me, to ask me to spend the day with him. That seemed right too. I happily agreed, arranging to meet him when I finished.

Just in case, I had dressed carefully that morning. Now, as I shed my cleaning clothes, I stood before the mirror, watching myself. First, I had worn a soft, lacy peach bra, sheer and gossamer. Just in case someone were to look, my dark brown nipples were visible through the fabric. The matching panties were scant, barely covering my thick auburn curlies, already growing moist at the thought of a day with Davis. I had worn another sundress, this one peach, with tiny straps and a full, flirty skirt. My tanned legs and shoulders glowed. I pulled my hair into a pony tail, which swayed seductively as I walked. I added some soft lip gloss and a spray of vanilla and went out to meet Davis. 

He was again in the lobby, but this time I didn't expect the red Speedo. I also didn't expect the handsome man beside him. It took me a moment to recognize Tattoo. He was dressed in chinos, perfectly fitted, and a sky blue shirt. As I stood beside them, I couldn't help thinking what a lovely threesome we were. We stood there, chatting and laughing, when I realized this would be the perfect opportunity to introduce Sue into the group. 

I excused myself and went to Sue's office, knocking lightly before entering. Sue was doing paperwork and didn't even hear me enter. She looked up in surprise at my voice, smiling. "Good morning, dear, how are you today? Have you given any more thought to our discussion of yesterday?"

I could barely contain my excitement. "Oh, Sue, I was out with Davis all day yesterday and he is a marvelous man! And we are spending the day together today too. And.....Tattoo is with us! Join us and get to know them. We can have so much fun....please?"

Sue stood up immediately. She was a lovely woman, and looked particularly pretty today. She too was dressed in a summery frock, looking cool and inviting. We hugged each other and walked out of the office together. 

In the lobby, the guys were talking together, waiting. I introduced Sue to both of them and was happy to see Tattoo....Mark's eyes light up. He shook her hand and pulled her to his side, very pleased with his date.

It was another beautiful day and Davis had the top down on the car. We drove into the country, enjoying the fresh air and the company. Conversation flowed, laughter punctuated the entire trip. Davis reached for my hand, holding it possessively for the entire drive.

By chance, we found a country carnival and spent the day enjoying it. The food was delicious and we nibbled all day, feeding each other and sharing each new delicacy. We rode all the rides, my favorite being the Ferris wheel. The guys, as usual, tried to outdo each other in winning games and soon Sue and I had our arms loaded with stuffed animals. Through it all, there was the underlying feeling that I belonged here, belonged with Davis. With all the laughter and all the fun, I had that tiny ache that reminded me of how much I wanted to be with this man.

Our foursome got along well. We had the same delight, the same interest in everything around us, the same joy in living. The day was perfect. As the sun set, and the garish lights filled the darkness, we separated into couples, going our own way for the rest of the evening. Davis bought a huge strip of tickets for the Ferris wheel, sharing that tiny world with me as we spun high over the crowd, just us, together. He was incredible and we spent many happy minutes, holding each other and sharing warm, sexy kisses.

I couldn't remember wanting a man more. His arms around me felt right. As our lips feasted together, I pressed into him, wanting to remind him of my womanly attributes. My nipples were engorged and achy, my body flushed with desire. Now, his hands slid down my sides, enclosing me in warmth. His thumbs slipped under my breasts, massaging the sloping softness, just barely grazing the undersides of my taut nipples. I moaned into his mouth, trying to get closer to him, trying to move into his hands, trying to encourage his delightful explorations. 

He smelled deliciously of fresh air, sandalwood and himself. My face nestled into his neck, in a place that seemed made for me, as I gave myself over to him and his knowledgeable hands. He had skill. He knew how to touch me, where to touch me to inflame my senses. Without touching any of my known sweet spots, he had me totally in his control. My mind was filled with desire, the warm rush of excitement overtaking me. It was amazing to me that he could incite me in such a manner, without apparently trying. My hands searched for a place to rest. For some reason, it seemed right to settle them on his chest, against his pounding heart. I could see his erection, pushing against his pants, tenting them. But it was apparent that he wanted this to go slowly, tantalizingly, and I wanted to follow his lead. Kisses were allowed. kisses everywhere, all available flesh on the neck, shoulders, hands, face. Light massage, teasing massage, just enough to keep my breath short and my heart racing was allowed. The Ferris wheel spun, the colors whirled and my senses were in overdrive. desire weighed heavily on my eyes, half closing them, glazing them.  

Sometimes, the Ferris wheel would stop for periods of time, loading and unloading, and we just rocked together in our world, our private heaven, our mouths locked, our hands tentatively exploring. 

Finally, we ran out of tickets and the carnival began closing down. We met Mark and Sue at the pre-arranged spot, and headed to the car. Once again, Davis wrapped his sweater around me, holding me for an extra minute, making me feel special and safe. We left the top down for the ride home, the stars glittering over us, the moon guiding us back to the city. It was a good reason to stay close to him, for warmth.

Sue and Mark seemed very infatuated. They sat together, talking softly, occasionally sharing a kiss, a good match. The conversation on the way home was quieter, but still I felt a real kinship with these people. Again, it had been a perfect day.

We went by the gym, leaving Sue and Mark together in the parking lot, making plans for the next day. Davis drove me home again, stopping in front of my building for some additional kisses. Then, a perfect gentleman, he walked me to my door, kissing my nose and telling me goodnight. 

TO BE CONTINUED.....