 I'm in the backseat of the chauffeured car that usually accompanies me on my business trips in Chicago. It's Friday night, and I spent all day distracted by thoughts of Anna, the beautiful stranger who I met in the bar of my hotel last night. She spent the night with me and though we agreed not to exchange numbers, I insisted that I had to at least take her out for a proper meal before I went back home. She told me to pick her up at the office building where she was a secretary and I obliged. Rain pounds against the windows of the car and it finally pulls up in front of the right building. 

Minutes later, the revolving door spins and Anna Carlson skips out of the building. She's wearing only a white button down shirt and tight knee length skirt with no jacket and the rain leaves splotches all over her shoulders and chest. I immediately get out of the car and hold open the door for her.

"Nice to see you again, Anna." I say, smiling as I remember the feeling of her legs clamped around my waist a mere twenty hours earlier. She places her hands on my shoulder and gives me a light kiss on each cheek.

"Same to you, Mr. Percy." She ducks into the car and slides across the seat. I climb in after her, sitting close to Anna in the darkness of the car. Anna scoots towards me, our thighs and hips barely touching. I slide a hand over her skirt and slip it between her knees, leaving it there.

"How do you feel about French food, Anna?" I ask. She leans her head on my strong shoulder and wraps one hand around my wrist that's resting on her leg.

"Is that what you're really hungry for?" She whispers lustily, sliding my hand up her fishnet-clad thighs. She left my hand there, dragging her fingers up my arm. I took the opportunity to explore further, and as I felt the soft entrance to her pussy instead of the panties I was expecting, I grinned into the darkness. Anna tilted her head to the side and looked up at me. I leaned in to kiss her long neck as my fingers stroked and caressed her wet clit. I imagined Anna thinking about our encounter longingly, as I had, and specifically forgetting her panties just for me. 

Before I knew what was happening, Anna had already opened my fly and pushed my underwear down just enough to expose my erect cock. I continued to play with her warm, wet pussy as she gently kissed and sucked on my ear and neck, stroking my long shaft. With my free hand I pushed up her skirt to get better access to her pussy. Anna placed a hand on my cheek, pulled my face to hers and kissed me deeply. Leaving my fingers inside of her, I pulled her close with my other hand. Anna carefully pulled my hand out and scooted into my lap. My hard cock fit snuggly against her clit and she leaned back, resting her head on my shoulder. I placed my hands on her hips and guided her pussy right over my cock before slamming it down, filling her completely. 

Anna purred softly in my ear, turning me on even more. She guided my hands over her breasts as she shifted her hips around and around, creating a slow, steady rhythm for our love-making. The car continued along the streets, our driver ignoring whatever he suspected was going on.

Anna widens the gap between her legs, letting my cock penetrate her deeper. She grinds our hips together. 

"Are you close?" I whisper. 

"Not yet." I can feel the tension building in my balls and cock and I know that I'm almost there, but I refuse to give in yet. I take my hands off of her sumptuous breasts and hold her hips. I lift her up off my cock slowly and then slam her back down hard. I continue, faster and harder. Finally, I know that I can't contain myself any longer. I fill Anna's pussy and hold her against me, letting my come explode into her. I kiss the back of her neck and Anna slides off of my lap and smoothes her skirt. The car pulls up in front of the restaurant just as I zip up my fly. I look at Anna and she faces me.

"Ready?" I ask, taking her hand and opening the door.

"More than." And with that, we proceed into the restaurant.