 "What do you think of this one, Alex?" 

"What?" I reply to my fiancée, completely oblivious to the forkful of salmon she was waving in front of my face. I was out with Steph, my fiancée of three months, and our wedding planner, June, making selections for our wedding next Friday. Exhausted from all the talk of the wedding, I had let my eyes wander around the room and had just spotted a breathtakingly beautiful woman having dinner with an older man in a business suit across the room. She looks younger than I, at twenty-six but the man with her had to be over thirty. Whoever he is, he is one lucky bastard.

"Try it, Alexander!" June insisted. I complied, taking a mouthful of the third salmon dish I'd sampled that night. June had called an "emergency" wedding planning dinner because our caterer had canceled last minute and we had to quickly select a new menu. As if I cared. I swallow the bite with a large gulp of red wine. I may have imagined it, but the girl across the room just met my eyes and raised her glass ever so slightly towards me. I nod, slowly, so Steph won't notice (not that she would, being so engrossed in the fifth chicken dish of the night, which just arrived), in response. When her date turns away, the girl curves her lips into a sexy smile. I could feel myself growing warm.

"I'll be right back," I stutter, rising sharply from my seat. I head towards the door, fingering the pack of cigarettes in my jacket pocket. I was shocked at my lack of self-control; I was becoming hot just from looking at the woman! Passing the host stand, I practically knock over another man on his way out.

"Christ! Sorry!" I mumble, embarrassed.

"That's all right," The man replies. "Alexander?" The man looks at me and I finally recognize him.

"Mr. Percy?" I had interned under James Percy the summer before I entered graduate school. He was a sharp business man for being only a few years older than I. 

"How are you?"

"Oh fine, just, you know, wedding plans," He offers a sympathetic groan. "And yourself?"

"Just here with a, um, acquaintance," Mr. Percy gestures over to his now half empty table where that same gorgeous woman, who had pushed me over the edge with one stare, sits. She turns her head towards us and gives a dazzling smile and a little wave for Mr. Percy's benefit. "Hey, Alexander, do me a favor?"

"Sure, Mr. Percy."

"Just make sure Anna gets out all right. I have to catch a plane, but I told her to stay as long as she'd like. You know, don't let any of this crowd get at her." He nods towards the bar area where most of the male eyes were mentally undressing her

"Uh, yea, I mean, yes, sir. Not a problem." 

"Thanks Alexander. Good luck with the wedding." And with that, he steps out the door into the rain. I stare, dumbstruck at the girl, who he'd identified as Anna, is now looking at me curiously. I look over at my table, confirming that Steph and June were fully occupied by the paté, or whatever it was they were sampling. I walk over to Anna's chair and extended my hand.

"Hi, I'm Alex Whitney; I used to work with Mr. Percy," Anna places a soft delicate hand in mine.

"Anna Carlson, it's a pleasure to meet you." Standing over Anna, I can see right down her thin dress shirt, past her lace bra, and into the deep crevice of her cleavage. I finally wrench my eyes away and crouch down, so that I'm at eye level.

"Likewise. Anyway, Mr. Percy just asked me to check on you; I hope that's all right." I pull my hand away, only just realizing that I hadn't let go. My fingers brush her thigh and I had to force myself not to mentally devour her shapely, fishnet-clad calves. 

"Not a problem. Won't you join me for dessert?" She extends her hand towards the empty seat across from her. How I wish that I could sit with her for the rest of the night.

"Actually, I'm here with my fiancée and wedding planner, er, going over some details." I cock my head in the direction of my table. "I was just on my way to the men's room"

"I see." Anna places her hand on my forearm, over my sweater. "It was very chivalrous of you to come over here, Alex. I'll be sure to tell Mr. Percy that you preformed your task admirably." She casually drags her hand down my chest, nonchalantly and swoops in to give me a swift kiss on the cheek. Subconsciously, I turn my head just slightly, catching the kiss half on my mouth. Anna holds it there for a moment before pulling away and laughing lightly. I stand up, terrified and completely infatuated, and walk towards the restroom.

I push open the door and lean against the wall, my chest heaving. Being near a woman as captivating as Anna was intoxicatingly dangerous. I couldn't let that happen again. I'm supposed to be getting married next week! And yet, who says a man can't have one meaningless fling before he commits to eternity? Before I can even wrap my mind around that concept, the bathroom door opens again. I expect to see a crisp business suit step through the door, but instead, it's a stiletto heal. 

"Sorry," Anna whispers, as she shuts the door behind her, "I hope I'm not interrupting, Alexander." Her voice caresses my name as she says it. 

"I just came to escape all the pick-up lines," Anna jokes. "And the women's restroom was too crowded. I hope this is ok." She walks towards me.

"Oh, yea, of course. Mr. Percy asked me to make sure none of those losers take you home, anyway." I say, and immediately regret it. 

"Selfish," Anna giggles. "What did he say about you?"

"Me?" I ask, dumbstruck. 

"Yes. Can you take me home?" She teases, moving towards me and placing her hand on my chest again. Anna snakes her arms around my neck and molds her body into mine.

"Me?" I repeat. "I'm, uh, engaged." I manage to say, barely convincing myself. "I can't." Anna pouts her full lips and lets her arms fall to her side. Turning around on her heal, she heads towards the door. Anna glances back at me and licks her lips.

"That's a shame." She admits. As Anna places a hand on the doorknob I have a sudden image of my life after tonight. I'll marry Steph, who's a great girl, but she's pushy, materialistic, and completely self-absorbed, and she'll be the last woman I'll ever take to bed. Or, I take this amazingly sexy woman who's practically throwing herself at me, and get it out of my system. Anna begins to open the door, but I rush up behind her and place my hand on the door over her shoulder, pushing it closed again. Anna turns around under my arm, her lips curling into a naughty smile.

"Technically, I'm not taking you home, am I?" I quip, leaving one hand on the door and wrapping the other around Anna's slender waist. She puts her hands on my chest and presses her hips into me.

"No, you're not." I kiss Anna hard, pressing her against the door. I close my mouth around her perfect lips, letting my tongue explore the inside of the mouth. I slide one hand up her flat stomach and over her round breast, feeling her hardening nipples through her flimsy bra and shirt. I cup my other hand under her tight ass, lifting her up, so my hardening cock presses against her tight skirt. Anna traces her hands lightly over my chest and reaches down to the hem of my sweater. She pushes it upwards and tugs my undershirt out of my slacks, slipping her cool hands underneath to touch my stomach. 

I find the slit running up the back of hers skirt and wrap my hand around one of her thighs, forcing it up against my hip so her skirt rides up her legs. I look down briefly and see a flash of her pink flesh, and I grin at Anna, realizing that there are no panties for me to tear away. Supporting Anna's leg against my hip with a hand under her smooth, fishneted thigh, I take my hand off the door and press it against Anna's breast, feeling the lace covered flesh through her thin blouse. Enjoying the weight of her breast in my hand, I break my lips away from hers to kiss her neck and down to her collarbone. Anna leans her head against the door, her delicate, pouty mouth opened with pleasure. She has one hand on my shoulder, keeping me close to her, and the other between our hips, opening my fly. 

My erection pops out into Anna's hand, ready. She works it with one hand as my mouth lands on her lips again. Pleasure from her touch fills me from my member and throughout my whole body. I push myself harder against Anna, clutching her breast in one hand, her thigh in the other, and slamming her body against the door. Anna wrenched her mouth away from mine.

"Oh Alex! I want you so bad," She gasped, letting out a moan. It was all I needed. I pushed her skirt up higher, ready to take Anna against the door right then. I completely forgot that we were in a public restroom until I felt Anna's body slam into mine because somebody was trying to open the door to use the john. 

Anna and I looked at each other momentarily. I allowed her to slip out from my grasp on her body. She grabbed my shirt and, walking backwards, led me as quickly as possible into the farthest, most hidden stall in the restroom. We banged our way into the tiny stall just as I heard the door open. Completely unconcerned with whoever was taking a piss now, I locked the door and turned to face Anna. She immediately pushed me against the door and entwines her hands in my hair as she lifts a leg around my waist and begins rubbing herself against my naked erection. I put my hands on her thighs and push her already wrinkled skirt up over her hips so that her glistening wet clit can make contact with my rock hard shaft. I guide Anna back towards the toilet at the other end of the stall so she has to spread her legs to continue towards the wall. Leaning against the wall, Anna lifts one leg and rests her stiletto-clad heal onto the medal lever of the toilet. I get on one knee to one side of the toilet and place my hands one the insides of Anna's firm thighs, just wear her fishnets end. Anna presses her palms against the sides of the stall to hold herself steady in anticipation of my next move. I slide one hand along Anna's thigh towards her pussy, feeling the soft skin of her labia. I slide two fingers into her slick hole. I penetrate her deeply, pressing the tips of my fingers against the walls of her pussy. Anna leans her head back against the wall, her lips parted in a moan of pleasure. 

"Oh Alex! That feels so good." She gasps. I imagine what the other man in the room would think as he hears this and become even more turned on at the prospect of him hearing a woman say my name that way. Using two fingers from each hand, I hold Anna's pussy lips apart and move my head deep in between her legs. I pres my mouth against he warm, wet clit and run my tongue along her slit. Her flesh is silky against my tongue. I open my mouth and slide my tongue as deep inside of her pussy as I possibly could. I continue to probe Anna with my tongue as she continues to purr and gasp my name.

"Don't stop, I'm almost there!" She cries. I hear someone on the far side of the room clear their throat and I realize that more men must have come and go since Anna and I retreated into our secluded stall. I'm encouraged to bring her to orgasm. I lap my tongue fast within the walls of Anna's pussy. Her moans become higher pitched and more frequent until my mouth becomes filled with her sweet juices. Anna takes three slow deep breaths as she comes down from her climax. I lick my lips, tasting Anna in my mouth as I rise from the ground. Anna looks at me, smiling. She looks satisfied, but eager for more.

I put my hand on Anna's chin and pull her slightly towards me. Our lips meet and Anna hungrily and greedily intrudes my mouth with her tongue. When she finally pulls back and licks her lips, staring at me and mentally begging for more. The door opens again and I'm slightly apprehensive. I take my hand from Anna's face and put it on her shoulder, ready to push her back and make an exit, but she leans towards me again. 

"Alex, that was absolutely amazing," Anna plants another kiss on my open mouth and licks my lips with her tongue. "I love a man who tastes like me," She breaths. Suddenly I couldn't care less about the other guys in the restroom. I become quickly and intensely aroused and I move towards Anna, gripping her hips in my hand, and I pull her body away from the wall and thrust myself towards her. My prick enters her gaping pussy. Anna's groans heighten the intense feeling of pleasure shooting through my shaft and my entire body. With every thrust, Anna bucks her hips back at me. I hold her tiny waist in my hands as I grind and pound into her pussy. Anna calls my name again and again between gasps and exclamations of "Oh God!" and "Harder!" I bang her harder, feeling a surge of power with every motion. And as suddenly as Anna and I first kissed, I felt the load that had been waiting to be released shoot out of my cock into Anna's welcoming pussy. I continue to propel into Anna's hole as shot after shot of come exit my body and enter hers. I feel Anna's body seize up and her climactic scream of "Yes Alex!" signal to me that Anna has reached orgasm again.

I pull out of Anna and she slumps into the corner of the stall, looking completely satiated. I use some toilet paper to wipe her come off of my now limp cock and I pull up my pants and close my fly. I hand a second wad of toilet paper to Anna because with her legs sprawled over the floor, I can see my semen seeping out of her slit. I'm almost uncertain of what to do next but I am intoxicated by the power and strength I feel after that encounter.

"Thanks, Anna," I say haughtily. "I have to get back to my fiancée now." With that, I unlatch the stall door and walk out confidently, letting the door slam behind me. I'm almost disappointed that there were currently no other guys in the restroom taking a leak to see my walk of pride.