 Maggie's teachings were what led to my next encounter. Having moved from sorting freight for the courier company to driving vans just before getting together with Maggie saw me working longer hours, earning lots more money and being exposed to the wide world of women. Maggie was always encouraging me to explore opportunities; she jokingly said that I needed to find some more willing women to practice her teachings on… 

Anyway, there was a girl working at the servo where I would always fill up the van with CNG at the end of the day. She was older than me, mid twenties, dirty blonde, nice long legs…as well as a cheeky attitude. 

She was new to Auckland, having just moved up from the south island, and one of her regular jokes was that her mother had warned her about city boys only wanting one thing…. 

Over a few weeks of nightly visits to the servo Debbie and I went from small talk to telling each other dirty jokes on to more risqué banter. 

Along the way I found out she was studying by correspondence, had little in the way of a social life and no man in the picture. To me she seemed ready for me to make a move, and I pounced when she got more obvious. 

One night I walked into the servo to pay for the CNG, found Debbie with her feet up on the counter and sucking on a Popsicle, taking it a long way into her mouth. Heck, I can recognize a signal when I get one so I just started laughing. This not being the response she was looking for, she asked what was so funny? Well, you'll have to open your mouth further if you want to get all of my cock in there girl, was my response. 

She never flinched, just saying; OK, it's my home time anyway so let me just tell the boss I am going, and then we'll see if you've got enough cock to fill this mouth! The drive to her place didn't take long, we walked inside just as her flatmate was walking out to go to work. Debbie offered me a beer, and after a few minutes she asked me when I was going to stuff her mouth full of cock. 

OK, no mucking around here I thought, as she kneeled down in front of my seat I pulled my shorts off and got my half hard cock out in the open. No mucking around all right, she took hold of my dick and lifting it out of the way sucked both my balls into her mouth, sucking on them firmly then licking them… Next she pulls back from my balls and sucks my cock into her mouth in one go, her chin up against my balls and her nose prodding my pubic bone…Damn this girl was good!! She sucked me for a few minutes, as if expecting me to lose my load any minute…

Then she spat out my cock and announced that if she was going to have to work for my spunk then I might as well be diving into her muff at the same time. In no time at all she was undressed, yanked me up from my seat and peeled off my shirt, pushed me onto the floor and promptly sat her cunt down on my face. 

Having been in training with Maggie I had some idea of what to do and so I drove my tongue into Debbie's musky cunt and lapped up the thick juices that were beginning to form inside her hot fanny. Pushing her up a little I got my lips wrapped around her fat cunt lips and started sucking on them, alternating between sucking her lips and driving my tongue into her moistening cunt. My nose was feeling her clit, as it was coming out of it's hidey hole I aimed the tip of my tongue at it and flicked it…this sent a shiver thru Debbie's body and it turned into a race, each of us trying to get the other off first. 

Sadly to say I won, she came twice before I blew my wad, perhaps something to do with my mouth being relentless in it's attack on Deb's juicy snatch. Oh how I love to eat a juicy pussy…. Nothing like having fanny juice on your chin and cheeks! 

Debbie and I had a brief discussion on how we both just wanted to have a 'no-strings' relationship, just fucking each other silly until we got bored. 

I found out that Debbie was a bit of an exhibitionist when we spent a long weekend in the Bay of Plenty, ending up naked on the beach at Papamoa. Debbie was into lazing on the beach so we both got a decent tan that summer, or indecent as it turned out later. 

After sunning most of the afternoon and not having had sex for at least six hours or so we both were ready for some action. The balmy weather must have had something to do with it, but as the sun was going down Debbie laid down a challenge: Let's drive back to the camp ground in the nude…. OK, we're in Papamoa but the campground is on the other side of Tauranga, requiring a journey thru some built up areas with traffic lights…. 

Looking at her long lean tanned legs which were slightly spread, I was looking at her pussy which seemed to be oozing cunt juice at the mere thought of this dare…. we made a deal…If I agreed and completed the mission then I could decide what she'd be wearing for the next few days PLUS she would suck me off in daylight while I was driving the car. On the other hand if I chickened out and covered up then she would be allowed to fuck my arse with the strap on cock she had at home. I did not tell her that I might enjoy her shafting me…. Sneaky I know!

Anyway, we walked a hundred or so metres to the car in fading daylight, put our clothes on the backseat and wearing just our sandshoes drove to the campground. At one set of traffic lights a young couple waiting to cross the road looked into the car and when the guy spied Debs naked body, her firm titties with hard nipples proudly pushed out… he ended up sporting a boner in a matter of seconds. The girl clicked on a little late but she still got a look at both of us, her mouth open in wonderment. 

At the campground I pulled the car up in front of our tent, feeling bold I got out with my cock hanging swollen but only semi hard between my legs, my balls feeling pretty big and hanging low in my bag, having made the trip across town in the nude I now wanted to show off a little and have someone other than Deb to see my naked body…. 

The young couple camping opposite our site were the only ones still outside and they first looked on in surprise, and then both let out a wolf whistle! Debbie and I slowly and deliberately collected our stuff from the backseat of the car, enjoying the thrill of being naked and aroused in public. 

Deb even came around to my side, bent over at the waist so the guy across the way could get a better look at her shapely arse and by now very wet pussy. We fucked many times that night, waking well after sun up the next morning. 

I took Debs shopping after breakfast, after all I now would be telling her what to wear…. It didn't take me long to find exactly what I had in mind, a short denim skirt, barely long enough to cover her butt. I teamed this with a mesh type sleeveless top while Debbie found a pair of chunky soled slides with a fair bit of heel that she liked. 

When she tried all this on together and came out of the changing room the sales assistant grinned when she saw that Deb had done as I'd asked and left her bikini top off. Feeling bold I reached under the denim skirt and found she'd also left off her bikini bottoms. 

Until we got home this was pretty much all Deb wore, and yes she did suck me off while driving home, allowing me to cum in her mouth and all. The denim skirt, and probably the effect it had on me, encouraged Deb's exhibitionist streak…she loved getting out of the car by putting one foot on the ground, then spreading her legs a fair way while bringing her other leg out and thus give anyone watching a great view of her closely trimmed cunt. 

She loved the reaction it got from men in general, especially once they got closer and also got a look thru her mesh top at her tits, usually with hard nipples. Her denim skirt and mesh top later were matched up with a pair of above the knee, very high heeled leather boots as a playtime outfit. 

Whenever I would turn up at Debbie's place and found her wearing this gear it was clear that she wanted to be taken, her cunt seemed to start dripping as soon as she got into this getup. If, upon seeing her wearing this gear, I wouldn't just drop my shorts and ram my dick into her cunt, she'd get pissed off. 

In this outfit her favourite position was on her knees on the edge of the bed, her bum high up and her chest down on the bed, when I got going she'd ask me to pull her ankles up and out, then slam her with my dick as hard and fast as I could. Apparently the banging of my balls against her clit together with the notion that she couldn't stop me from fucking her made her go over the top in no time. 

This led gradually to more control type situations where she wanted to be fucked as if against her will, resembling more a rape scenario than a mutual fuckfest. She got off on the fact that my cock was always ready to go at a moments notice, could keep going for a long time and usually be ready for more not long after delivering a load. 

Debbie's flatmate one time commented on the noise we'd make and started flirting with me…. This got a very jealous reaction from Deb, as in possessive…. Very different from the 'we're just fuck buddies' agreement we made at the beginning. Funny thing about this was that during the time I was fucking Debbie, Maggie would ask how it went and give me tips on how to drive Debbie wild with desire, like in try this, try that etc. Maggie just said that I should try to get into Deb's flatmate as well…but I didn't try that…Deb would have just about killed me.