 Another interesting lady I met while doing the courier work was Kaye, a trim brunette in her late thirties that stood around 5'8" barefoot, small to medium sized frame and smallish tits. She worked for Medex, a small company importing medical equipment, all high value stuff that came in bulk; we carried out the individual items to hospitals and doctors etc. 

The normal routine for pickups from this company would see me ringing the bell at the despatch door, confirming over the intercom who I was and then Kaye would open the door for me. 

Being courteous and punctual was what the contractor I worked for told me to aim for, thus for a whole miserable winter I was polite and punctual, even accommodating the early Friday afternoon pickup from this place to enable the staff to go home early… 

Come summer and with the weather getting warmer Kaye's clothing was getting more interesting, gone were the pant suits she wore over winter, replaced by dresses and eventually short skirts and sleeveless tops. 

When I first met Kaye I thought she was a prim and proper middle class lady, not exactly stuck up but at the same time not someone you'd expect to tell risqué jokes. But risqué jokes were her way of flirting, rapidly going from risqué to filthy to extremely sexual in nature. 

On Fridays I would pick up from Medex after the warehouse crew had gone, leaving Kaye to look after the last courier pickup by herself. This became a bit of a dirty joke telling session, turning into flirting when Kaye started wearing some rather revealing clothes as summer wore on. Having a fair bit of time up my sleeve on the second to last run I enjoyed flirting with Kaye, finding out all sorts of things along the way, one of the questions she posed to me was what clothes I like seeing on a woman. 

So it shouldn't have come as any surprise really that one Friday afternoon she opens the door to me wearing something I'd described as rather appealing: high heels, a skirt that could double for a belt and a sleeveless lycra top that could have been painted on….oh, and a grin that said I know you want to bend me over and fuck me!! Wow, nice outfit I let out as I wolf whistled at her. With that she squats down, spreads her legs and shows that as well leaving her bra off she's got no knickers on! Her nicely trimmed pussy hair cannot hide her puffed up and opened wet cunt lips, as she gets up again and moves towards the desk I am left wondering what I did to deserve this little treat. 

As Kaye gets to the despatch desk she bends over onto her elbows, her cunt open and inviting between her thighs. I decided there and then that she wouldn't be flashing her juicy snatch at me just to look at… so in about 2 seconds I've got my dick unzipped and I am standing behind her. When I take hold of Kaye's hips she reaches between her legs and grabs my dick, guiding it into her hot little cunt without saying a single word. Kaye fondles my balls as I leisurely fuck her, fondle her small tits and occasionally pull on her long hair like a bridle. 

The tightness of Kaye's cunt along with the situation we were in had us both cumming in short order, my balls erupting just as her fanny started twitching around my knob. As we hold onto each other while catching our breath, my dick is still pretty much rigid, our juices are oozing out of her…as I start sliding in and out of her again Kaye starts moaning in a low voice, oh yeah, keep fucking me, ram me with your dick, pump me good you horny bastard!! 

It seemed like forever, but in reality it would have been only a few minutes before my dick twitched again and deposited some more seed into Kaye's slippery hole. When I pulled out of her fanny a big blob of cum dropped straight onto the floor, right between her high heels. 

Kaye looked down at it and grinned at me; that's gotta be the best way to end a working week don't you think? So when can I get the next delivery of hot spunk from you, she asked. I've got about 3 hours work left, then I can be all yours 'till Monday morning, I said as Kaye looked at me with a disappointed look on her face, almost sulking. I gotta wait that long, she whined in a mocking manner, oh well OK then. 

She took her business card, wrote her address on the back and said she'd be waiting for me. As she gave me her business card with one hand, her other hand took hold of my semi-erect dick and fondled it briefly before tucking me back into my shorts and zipping me up. See you later on then lover, she smirked, then patted my bum as I went out the door. 

Kaye's place was a modest 2 bedroom flat, tastefully decorated and much to my surprise it had a spa bath…. And a balcony which had a 4 foot high partition type handrail, thus giving complete privacy for nude sunbathing…or as I was to find out later, outdoor fucking in close proximity to hundreds of people. 

She opened the door for me wearing a form fitting mid thigh length bright yellow halter-top dress, matching yellow high heels and nothing else. The way her nipples were poking thru there was obviously no bra protecting her small titties, a lack of panty line suggesting the obvious and the aroma in the air suggested I could just lift her onto the kitchen table and fuck her. 

Given that Kaye had prepared a salad dinner I figured I might as well tease her for a while, eat first then sit down for some chitchat. That was the plan anyway…. We ate, Kaye running a foot up and down my thighs and onto my hard dick, enjoying the way I would occasionally grasp her foot and massage it, thus making her squirm instead of me. 

After dinner we tidied up, Kaye taking great delight in bending over at the waist while loading the dishwasher, giving me a good look at her strong legs….barely covering her butt and juicy snatch. We ended up embracing in the kitchen, kissing, hands roaming all over each other. 

As I bent down to suck on her nipples thru her dress, Kaye shivered slightly, as I started sucking and biting her nips she just held onto me. She definitely wasn't afraid to just allow herself to enjoy the attention she was receiving…. When I got down on my knees and started kissing her thighs while sliding her dress upwards she leaned back against the kitchen bench and held on as my mouth made its way to her juicy fanny. I just had to taste her pussy, the aroma of it had been hanging in the air from the moment I walked in. With slow and delicate laps of my tongue I arrived at her neatly trimmed pussy, her juices flowing onto her thighs already. 

The first time I ran my tongue between her puffed up lips she pushed hard up against my face, by the second she had her hands wrapped around the back of my head. It took perhaps a dozen long slurping licks of her pussy before she squirmed against my face and came with a shudder. As I got up I slung her over my shoulder and put her down on the couch, spread her legs nice and wide, then dove my mouth down onto her pussy again. 

Taking it nice and slow I licked her from bum hole to clit. From thigh to thigh and driving my tongue deep into her juicy hole at irregular intervals. Each time I drove my tongue into her my nose would rub up against her hard clit, thus causing Kaye to moan and shudder lightly. Looking up at Kaye with my tongue in her hole, she was intently watching me, her mouth open and licking her lips constantly….oh so yummy!! I enjoy eating pussy so I just kept eating her out, letting her cum, and then eat her out some more…until in the end Kaye was begging me to stop. 

Thinking of Maggie's advice to me, if you eat a woman to the point of her telling you to stop…well, you've pretty much won her over and she'll do almost anything for you after that. Kaye was pretty much wiped out after me eating her delicious pussy for close to an hour, cumming who knows how many times. My face was covered in her cunt juices, but she wasn't worried, she kissed me with a passion that was overwhelming. 

As she regained her breath she commented that it's been over 3 years since she's had her fanny licked, and what a way to get back into it she grinned! I should have known right there and then that this meant trouble…. Never mind, Kaye returned the favour, we got naked and she spent some time sucking my dick and licking my balls. 

Before too long though she climbed on top and with a devilish grin grabbed hold of my shaft and guided it into her steaming hot snatch. She ground herself to another orgasm in minutes and slumped down on me. Being such a slender woman it was no problem for me to stand up, hold her on my dick and take a few steps to put her back against the wall, holding her by her thighs. As I had her pinned to the wall by my dick, her thighs slung over my forearms, one of her butt cheeks in each hand, a look of disbelief came across Kaye's face. This turned into sheer animal lust as she watched my dick slide in and out of her, squishing and squelching each time I almost completely pulled my throbbing shaft out of her then slowly slid back in. 

Even though I could have held back longer, I felt my arms getting tired, so I slammed my dick into Kaye hard and when I stayed in deep she recognized I was about to splatter her insides with spunk once more…she wrapped her arms around my neck and held on tight as I emptied my balls deep inside her. Staying put for a few seconds, my dick still pretty hard; Kaye puts her feet on the ground and slides down the wall in front of me. My semi erect dick hits her on the cheek, but she simply sticks out her tongue and licks my dick from root to tip, sucking up our combined juices. 

For several minutes she lovingly, tenderly licks and sucks my cock, taking my balls into her mouth alternately, until I regained my full hardness. 

Now Kaye stood up and dragged me over to the couch again, sat me down with my legs spread wide and then positioned herself with her tight arse facing me. I was enjoying the view already, but when she announced it was time she felt my dick go up her bum I felt a chill go up my spine, my dick gave a twitch as it became harder still. She grabbed hold of my throbbing dick and slowly, very slowly she guided my dick into position. Bit by bit my cock started to disappear into her arse, Kaye looking back occasionally with a devilish smirk, adding: You didn't think I would love it up the arse did you? Well, actually I was hoping you'd be up for it, since you've got such a yummy arse at the top of those long legs, I responded. Kaye was already frantic by now, but my comments set her off on a rampant rage. 

She slammed her butt down onto me harder and faster, my dick now completely disappearing into her tight bum hole, balls pulled up tight in their sac. In this situation I had little chance of holding onto my load, but when I felt cum oozing out of her cunt onto my nuts there was no chance…. I grabbed her at the waist and held her down tight whilst at the same time thrusting up at her lovely arsehole, blowing the contents of my balls into her. Kaye came shortly after, fingering her clit, then leaned back onto my chest with my softening dick still stuck in her tight little arsehole. We stayed locked together for several minutes; sweat on our bodies, the aroma in the air a mixture of pussy juice, spunk, sweat and now also well-reamed arse! 

As Kaye got up I could only marvel at her nicely sculpted back and legs, feet still encased in the bright yellow high heels, older women sure know how to fuck is what I was thinking…. 

Over the weekend we fucked each other silly, the weird thing being that when I left early on Monday morning I had a strange feeling there was something odd in the air. 

Arriving at Medex later that day I expected to see Kaye around, but I didn't…not altogether unusual, but when I didn't see her the following day either I asked about her. The warehouse supervisor told me she was off to Christchurch for a better job, didn't want a farewell party at all, and that she had taken all her things with her last Friday. 

OK, I was the farewell, that I could handle, but her not telling me what was up felt strange, as in being used, but what a way to be used huh? Guess she found it easier to deal with this way. I will never forget the way she lowered her arse onto my dick though!

I did the courier work for almost two years and I spent so much time learning from Maggie how luscious it is to have sex with a sexually liberated woman I became somewhat addicted to sex, turning it into a sport. Along the way I found that not a whole lot of women are into long term no commitment fucking, but those who are…they're usually the ones who are best at fucking…they seem to have an almost male thinking approach to sex, it's just a cock in a pussy after all. 

Many women also can't handle being shafted for extended periods or repeatedly in a short period. Maggie on the other hand was truly multi orgasmic and loved it when I would tell her of how Debbie and I had done this or that…while I was fucking her…loving how I would keep getting hard and just keep cumming in her pussy. 

One of the few women to fuck like Maggie was the lady that I came to know as 'the goddess of sex' quite a few years later. Both Maggie and the goddess had the ability to take my cock anytime and for as long as I could keep it hard…the kind of woman men long for! Any woman who is confident enough to allow herself to enjoy being pleased and teased to multiple orgasms is worth her weight in gold….