 At the time I was boarding with a middle aged couple with no kids, husband had a well paying job, but because his wife was not happy being home alone several nights a week they took in a boarder. Now I may not be the brightest spark around, but it took only 2 seconds to figure out that Selina had hubby Mac completely fooled. 

When I turned up at their place for the "interview" Mac did most of the talking while Selina had me undressed with her eyes in about 2 minutes. Mac explained that since he would be away from home often, Selina didn't want to get a dog, next best thing would be to make sure another person was always around. 

Little did he realise that by the time I had finished my coffee Selina and I had already mentally fucked each other a dozen times! So it came as little surprise that on the very day that I moved in, Selina stepped into the shower after me. Being the bold little cock hound that she was she just grabbed hold of my rapidly inflating dick, leaned back against the shower wall, put one foot in the soaptray and pulled me into her, my dick landing right at the entrance to her slippery cunt. With the water cascading over us I thrust into Selina's snatch forcefully, much to her delight. 

So pleased you didn't freak out when I stepped into your shower young man, she purred as I dicked her. Since she was only a skinny little thing I had little trouble taking her thighs and lifting her up to where she was pinned to me by my dick, just her thighs resting on my forearms as I rammed my rigid shaft into her. Go on, fill me with your hot spunk she whispered into my ear, let me feel your balls pumping it into me, I love hot spunk pumped into me, she went on and on repeating. Selina explained that her husband was understanding of her need to be shafted regularly, since he couldn't do it for her she told him she'd be getting plenty of hard cock, one way or another. 

So she suggested a boarder and Mac agreed to play dumb. Seemed strange to me, but I guess it's better than having your wife run around the town fucking every Tom, Dick and Harry. Still, we only got it on when Mac was away, which seemed to be just about every weeknight and half the weekends. The joys of sales he called it, without much enthusiasm. Selina was in her mid forties, extremely trim for her age, but had plastic tits, although not too big, thank god. She loved sunbathing in the nude by their backyard pool, although she loved being fucked poolside even more. 

At one time, I had just fucked her good and proper, dumped a big load of spunk in her cunt, when one of her friends turns up. Selina is now wearing her string bikini again, although judging by the way her cunt lips were swollen and barely contained by the whispy fabric…it didn't take Barbara long to figure out that Selina had just been screwed, especially once globs of cum started seeping past the crotch of the bikini. 

It was obvious that Barbara was turned on by the fact that Mac was away for a few days, yet here was his wife with a cunt full of spunk…. She looked at me with a strange expression on her face, then asked Selina if Mac knows about the boarder fucking his wife?? Oh yeah, Selina replied, he helped me pick him, why, do you want to borrow him? 

With that Selina turned to me, go on young man, get up, drop those shorts and show Barbara your yummy cock. Go on, no mucking around, show us your big fat pussy reamer, she ordered. OK, with that I got up, dropped my shorts and took hold of my half hard cock and stroked it a few times until it was standing at full attention. 

Barbara was looking at me in disbelief, her eyes couldn't believe that Selina had this control, or liked to think so anyway. Taking a few steps towards Barbara I continued to slowly stroke my dick, seeing that she was not going to go anywhere I put my cock within reach and she grabbed hold of my shaft, tentatively at first, then started to firmly stroke me. 

Selina is grinning on her sunlounger as she's watching Barb stroke my fat prick, hey Barb, get up on the table and let him stick in into you, you know you'll love it, Selina crudely says. Seeing Barbara mull this idea over in her head I take it one step further, take her by the hand and drag her out of her chair. Meeting little resistance I kiss her, gently at first but soon she's ramming her tongue into me as she's pulling on my dick without letting up. 

Perhaps she's trying to make me cum by tugging me off I wonder, no chance lady…. By the time I've pinched her nipples and fingered her wet fanny there is no turning back for her, she wants my cock inside her, she tells me so as she pulls on my throbbing shaft. Sitting back on the table her skirt is soon around her waist, as I move to ram my dick into her old cunt I just need to pull aside the crotch on a pair of lacy knickers, much to Barbara's surprise I thrust into her pussy right after pulling aside the crotch. 

Now Barbara is at least fifty, medium sized full figured yet surprisingly agile once she's got a fat young cock in her old cunt! Her legs are spread wide, and she keeps tilting her pelvis to give the best angle of attack into her juicy box, her breathing getting more ragged the longer I keep shafting her. 

It takes only a few minutes before she's holding on tight, moans loudly and cums, her cunt drenching my dick and balls as she squirts out a fair amount of juice. Oh boy, oh boy, that's so good for an old girl she pants….Selina laughing almost out loud as she takes in the scene of Barbara cumming on my young cock. 

Is it my turn now Selina asks, fuck off Barbara says, I gotta get my bum on the grass so this fella can ream me properly, do you mind? Not at all, Selina grins, after all I can have him anytime. With that Barbara tosses off her top and skirt and drags me over to the edge of the lawn and once she's got herself settled on a towel, she grabs my cock and simply drags me down into position. 

Her legs are spread wide, she's stark naked and her hairy cunt is gaping open nice and wide ready for my dick to slide into. When I suck on her nipples Barbara starts to moan a little again, then when I teasingly place my dick at the mouth of her fuckhole she moans some more, but in no time at all she's got her hands on my bum and pulls me deep into her juicy hole. 

Damn these older women sure know how to fuck is what I am thinking at the time, so what if they aren't as firm as a young chick, there is just nothing like a nice juicy cunt that's hungry for a hard cock?! Giving Barbara a good hard shafting was quite easy, she was solid enough to handle me ramming her good and proper, without hurting her that is. The best thing about all this was the look on her face, sheer lust and delight as my young dick rammed her old cunt over and over, especially once she'd figured out she could keep cumming and cumming without me losing my load prematurely. 

When I finally was ready to cum, Barb told me to pump it deep into her, then at the last minute changed her mind and told me to pull out and spray it all over her. So I did, I pulled out of her sloppy wet box, she grabbed hold of me again and jerked me off at lightspeed, squeezing my nuts ferociously in the process. When I started to squirt the first shot hit her neck, then the following ones all ended lower and lower on her body. Selina was applauding us by now, Barbara laying back exhausted. 

My turn now, she asked again? Barbara just looked on in amazement as Selina lay down beside her and beckoned me between her legs. My dick, now partly deflated rapidly stiffened to full hardness as I spotted Selina's gorgeous shaven cunt, opened just a little, but obviously still very wet. With Barbara watching I fucked Selina rapidly with short strokes, then got into longer strokes after Selina came. After only a few minutes I felt Barbara's hand fondling my nuts and feeling my dick for hardness, damn boy, you are unreal Barbara muttered as she continued to squeeze my nuts until I came inside Selina for the second time that day. 

Nowadays when I think back to those times, how wrong it was to fuck another man's wife, I cringe, but at the time I guess I wasn't exactly using the right head to make decisions huh?