 So now I'm 21 and working in a factory/warehouse where there's about 10 women doing assembly work of towel rails, panel heaters etc, and another 20 or so guys who do a variety of tasks from unloading containers to shipping products. 

As I had been doing some night classes I had more than enough of the required paper skills to be leading hand of an assembly crew, 4 women and 6 guys. One of the things that Maggie taught me is that if you want to fuck a woman, just find out what it is that turns her on, play on it and let her signal interest (or not). She also added that since I loved older women so much; pick on an older woman who is not used to attention from young men like me. 

So in looking at this crew, I singled Judy out as the one I was most interested in. She was in her forties, bottle blonde, long-long legs and that magic gap between the top of her thighs…something that turns me on when I see it on a woman wearing tight pants. So Judy was my target, and even though she was hardly what you'd call stunning, she was my idea of an attractive older woman. She was married, but separated from her husband who was a truck driver, who had always been away from home long periods. 

One of the guys in the warehouse had tried hitting on her but got nowhere. But then he was a lot older and fatter than trim me, the long legged older woman lover….

One of the things Maggie had suggested was instead of leering and joking with someone you want to fuck, treat them as one of the team and experiment a bit. She let on that one of the things she really liked was a spunky guy sitting down, and being able to see up the leg of his shorts at his dick and balls hanging there. She said that she enjoyed having a perve, especially liking the way a mans balls hang low in their sac when his dick is soft. 

So after a bit of trying on of various pairs of shorts I found a pair that suited my purpose. The old Canterbury rugby shorts are great for flashing your goods if you sit just right. Now Judy was on an assembly station that was elevated a little and had a partition about five feet high, just high enough to hide my gonads from other prying eyes if the plan went wrong. 

Maggie also said she loved seeing a dick with the hair trimmed short on the balls and shaft, with just a little longer hair left on the pubic bone…. Now for my reason to be near Judy, she had 4 air operated screwdrivers on her station and it was my job to regularly check the torque settings on these units, I had been doing this fortnightly so far, the boss wanted it done weekly so who was I to complain? 

So every Thursday from now on I would take off my underwear shortly after afternoon tea and turn up at Judy's workstation around 3.30pm, just as she was getting into the cleanup routine before going home at 4pm. The first time Judy got a look up my shorts she seemed puzzled, I pretended nothing was amiss and carried on. 

After a few weeks of this Judy was right into it, as I would get into my routine of checking her gear she'd be kneeling down opposite me and pretending to be picking up something. It was obvious she was enjoying it, heck she was now looking on with intent. So I just spread my legs a little more and my dick responded in kind by starting to get hard, my dick now laying on my thigh right at the edge of the fabric of my shorts, in clear view to Judy. 

The deciding moment came when I caught her staring at my half hard dick and heavy balls hanging almost completely out of my shorts. She smiled nervously at me as I grinned back at her.... Things moved pretty quick once she'd had enough of just looking… she moved closer, her hands grasping my cock and cupping my heavy nuts. My cock grew to full hardness in seconds and she stroked me with a very firm grip several times, looking longingly at my now throbbing dick, before she withdrew her hands and looked around nervously. 

She then looked up at me as if waiting for me to get mad or smile I guess… So being the little shit that I am I tried to say something like: Know where I can find a socket to suit? But as I said it I grinned and Judy let out a sigh of relief, she now knew that I was ready for more. You know where, she said, anytime after work is fine by me….. OK, no chance for sexual harassment now. 

Looked up Judy's address on the employee list and was already looking forward to later that day. Now I had no illusions that just flashing my cock and balls at an older woman was going to get me laid so I should just point out that there were a couple of months between me starting at this company and getting to this point. Being fit, tanned and trim obviously helped in the area of getting women to look at me, being one of a handful of guys under 40 in a firm with so many women may have also had something to do with it…. 

So anyway, I get to Judy's address, knock on the door and it opens almost instantly. Instead of the blue jeans Judy normally wears there's a pair of faded cut-off jeans, still the same t-shirt though as she was wearing at work. She closes the door behind me, leads me into the lounge and as she grabs me by the arms she looks at me and asks me why I waited so long so flash my dick at her? She says she's wanted to get her hands on me from the minute I started work there… My ex husband was away so often he hardly ever got around to fucking me, I would love to have some fun with you, as long as nobody at work finds out and starts spreading rumours. 

That sorted I got ready to fill her mature cunt with my young throbbing cock….Judy was not too fond of sucking cock, she still did it, but without any real passion, no worries to me…her bushy cunt was a delight to dive into, the aroma of her hairy cunt soon got my dick throbbing away, when I first touched her clit with my tongue Judy just about screamed the house down. Lucky the nearest neighbours were 200m away. 

Each time she cums she clamps her slender thighs around my head and just about squeezes me to death, so after she begs me to stop licking her I climb up in between her legs, put her ankles on my shoulders and position my cock at the entrance to her hot cunt. As soon as my dick touches her pussy she starts moaning softly, oh yeah that's it, give me some hard cock….when I put my knob between her swollen lips her head falls back and she starts to breathe slow and deep, the nipples on her small tits are now about ¾" long and with a wet finger I slowly rub around the areola….the simple act of putting the tip of my cock inside her and touching her nipple with a wet finger is sending this poor girl to orgasm, her old man needed kicking for leaving a woman like this unfucked for long periods! 

I cannot help it but I end up teasing Judy with my dick and fingers for quite some time before getting down to serious pussy reaming. She cums a couple of times, when she starts to pinch and pull her own nipples I get on my elbows and start to pound her tight little cunt in earnest…now Judy has cum several times, her fuckhole is nice and juicy and is just about biting my cock in half as she twitches from head to toe. Every time she cums I stop fucking her briefly, then carry on driving in and out of her wet cunt….she's looking up at me in a worried way, you're still going at me? You've been inside my cunt for at least half an hour and you're still hard, you still haven't cum?? Is there something wrong? Not at all Judy, I say, I just love to please a woman in need….. She grins like the cat that got the cream and says; OK, all right then…. I just haven't had a cock inside me for this long in years…I love it!! 

She reaches between us to feel my cock, it's still rock hard and slippery from her juices, and again her head tilts back, moaning, oh god, oh god…. When Judy wraps her legs around my back and locks her ankles together I know it's time to get serious, she starts thrusting up at me in earnest. I can't help but tease her just a little more, pushing myself all the way into her then staying there and grinding back and forth, left and right with our pubic bones touching all the time…. then she reaches underneath us and grabs my balls and digs her fingernails into them gently; OK, feed my hungry cunt some cream, she says and to get her point across digs her nails in a little harder…then with her hands holding onto my shoulders she starts to thrust up at me again, this time I can't hold back anymore and drive into Judy's wet hole forcefully, staying deep inside her and delivering my spunk… 

Judy's surprise came when after spending a few minutes kissing, cuddling and then sucking her tits my cock regained its full hardness and I climbed between her legs to fuck her again. As she reached for my cock she gasped when she found me throbbing again, spread her legs wide and placed my cock at the entrance to her sopping wet cunt, and let out a sigh as I drove my dick all the way into her…ever so slowly…each thrust forcing out a bit more of our combined juices, adding to the intensity of the situation was the sound of my rigid cock slipping and slurping it's way in and out of her still surprisingly tight cunt. It was almost as though her cunt didn't want to let go of my cock, perhaps working on the notion that as it's been so long since there's been some cock in there let's keep it in as long as possible. 

Oh well, I believe that a juicy pussy simply needs to be fucked thoroughly, with its owner's consent of course!

Unfortunately in Judy's case, her pussy had been so long without regular reaming that by the time I started to fuck her a third time she couldn't take it any more and begged me to stop filling her with my cock. I licked and sucked her clit for a few more minutes and then I jerked off on her tits, Judy liked that bit, especially when I used my mouth to spread it around…. 

Following this sweaty encounter, Judy asked me to come around more and more often, then she started asking me to stop by at her place before work to give her a good quick shafting…you know, just to start the day off right! 

She even started getting into sucking on my dick, much to my delight. At one point Judy remarked that in the past week I had fucked her more times than her hubby did in a whole year… Even though Judy and I kept our 'fuck-buddy-relationship' quiet at work, I can't help but wonder if some of the women knew what was going on, especially Christina, but more about her later. 

During breaks I would sometimes tease Judy by letting her look up my shorts, taking care to hang my heavy balls almost out of the leg of my shorts, with my shaft laying on my thigh right on the edge of the fabric. Seeing her face contort as I made my dick twitch was so funny, you could almost see her mind ticking over, I gotta grab that dick, feel those nuts… At times, after flashing her a little, Judy would walk behind me in the long hallway that led from the office to the factory floor, grab my crotch and give me a good firm squeeze, always delighted in the fact my cock would start stiffening instantly. 

Judy and I pretty much got addicted to fucking, reaching the point where I would go to her place after work…. she'd open the door for me in the nude, take one step back, bend over and want me to fill her up with my always willing cock. She absolutely loved it when I dropped my shorts, placed my knob at the entrance to her hungry fuckhole and simply rammed my cock into her hard and fast. Her description was feeling like a teenager again, and finding it very exciting how quickly my cock would go rock hard when she fondled me. She reckoned I was an animal, always raring to go, but then if you'd seen her bent over in front of you then you'd understand! Her long shapely legs, small bum and the sizeable gap between her thighs showing off her puffy cuntlips, combined with her long blonde hair hanging over her face….looking at you with a simple 'just fuck me' look was a tremendous turn on. 

On more than one occasion I gave her carpet burn when she wanted me to fuck her really hard, causing her body to move forward each time I drove myself into her, ending up several feet from where I first entered her. During the regular Thursday afternoon checks at her workstation she would have a sly look around and then run one hand up the leg of my shorts, grasp my cock and start stroking me. One day she got carried away, getting on her hands and knees, sucking my rigid dick into her mouth and giving it several sucks before I figured it better to pull away than be caught at work…. 

In a way I loved her desire to have my cock fill her juicy cunt, but things were heading out of control and I tried hard to reduce the number of visits to Judy's place. There were weeks when I'd fuck her once before work, twice after work and on the weekends we would rarely even get dressed. We would fuck a couple of times before getting up, have some breakfast, then fuck again after doing the dishes, laze in the sun for an hour or so before screwing again. 

I was pleased towards the end, when Judy started seeing a guy her own age she focused her attention more on him, mind you, we still fucked for a few months after she met her new man. She reckoned she could play hard to get with her new man while I was regularly reaming her hungry cunt.