 Eventually Judy 'recommended' me for my next mission; the purchasing officer at our company, newly divorced, had expressed an interest in me to Judy, perhaps the two girls had secretly talked about my desire to dick older women, and perhaps Judy had quietly told Christina how I had been screwing her silly? 

But about this purchasing officer, Christina… she was a hot headed Maori woman, big boned, tall and boisterous with a set of thighs that could crack nuts and a pair of tits that my dick would get lost between. For me one of the things that really turned me on about Christina was her lovely full lips. The dark red shade of lipstick she usually wore had me envisioning my fat cock buried between them.... But she also had an attitude about her that I found intriguing. She was confident in many ways, but seemed lost in others, such as how to act around a group of men. 

Initially she always wanted to have things her way, not caring whether she was right or wrong. After her divorce she seemed to mellow out somewhat, more willing to listen to other people and let them have their say. During one of our small group meetings Christina was having a bad day, being the bitch she sometimes was, and someone muttered that Christina just needed a good fuck up the arse to bring her into line. At this Christina went quiet and the meeting concluded shortly thereafter. 

When I went to see her in her office an hour or so after the meeting it looked as if Christina had been crying, so being the 'sensitive' soul that I am I asked her if she wanted to talk, to which she just nodded yes. OK, I said, you talk and I'll listen. She seemed puzzled at first, but then she looked up with teary eyes and started off on a short and sorrowful description of her marriage, finishing off with the comment that she enjoyed nothing more than a good hard cock up her bum! Wow, that was a surprise to me, I didn't lead the conversation to sex but she took it there…. I couldn't help but quiz her, so to you that is a pleasure? By now her eyes were dry, open wide and taking on a look that was far removed from sorrow…. She explained; well, let me put you straight there, I don't enjoy a guy just shoving it straight in, but after I've been creamed then I am often in the mood for it, but then most men my age take ages to go again…give me a man who still has a boner after filling my pussy, then he can slide it in my backdoor and do me!! There is something about having cum running from front and back that is so hot…. Can't describe it really, she softly said. By now she had a look on her face that to me meant; either ask now or fuck off!! OK, I said, so what time am I taking you home tonight then? 

Her car was at the panel beaters, and one of the office girls who lived near Christina's place had been giving her a ride for the last few days…so this brought another set of problems for her, she'd have to tell Kaye that she didn't need a lift tonight…would Kaye ask why, how, who etc?? Much to my surprise, instead of answering my question about what time I should be taking her home tonight, Christina picked up the phone and rang Kaye and simply said she didn't need a ride tonight, thanks hun. Pick me up at 5.30 so we don't get spotted, she said to me, adding that I better keep my mouth shut about this…. 

When Christina got into my car she seemed somewhat nervous at first, her first question being; why is a young guy like you interested in a woman like me? My answer was a fairly standard one and honest at that; I just love older women, they know what they want and aren't afraid to ask for it, but most of all I am looking forward to fucking you up the arse! Christina seemed to like this answer, and once we were underway she laughed and asked; Show me your cock! Without hesitating I pulled the leg of my shorts aside and pulled my semi erect cock and balls out. 

Christina just sat there for a couple of seconds looking at my face then my cock, which was rapidly growing to full mast…. WOW, was all she said, then she spat on her palm and wrapped it around my knob and started stroking. Every now and then she'd apply more spit to her hand and continue jerking me off, her stroking technique was pretty good and combined with the slick coating of spit made her hand feel warm and slippery…not like a pussy but very nice all the same. 

She boldly announced she'd make me cum before we even got to her place, but as we got to her place I still hadn't blown, so as I drove up the drive, Christina announced she'd get serious so she unbuckled her seat belt and took my throbbing dick between her luscious red lips, sucking me all the way into her mouth. I was almost ready to blow before she wrapped her big yummy lips around my dick, but now with her sucking the life out of me I came in her mouth in minutes, mind you I tried to hold out as long as I could. 

She made yumyum sounds, promptly sat up and gave me a tongue lashing kiss, forcing a portion of my own cum into my mouth and swirling it around with her tongue. When I sucked on her tongue she gave a contented sigh, alright, she said with a naughty grin, a man who doesn't mind the taste of his own spunk…so that means you'll be happy to slurp on my fanny after you've creamed it then?? Yep, I answered, I was taught well you know! 

Going inside, we sat down at the dining room table for a few minutes with a cold drink, talked a bit more about sex and then I got up, took her by the hand and led her to a lazyboy chair that was sitting in the middle of the lounge. I unzipped her skirt, taking it off her and placed it on the back of a dining room chair, by this time Christina had her blouse unbuttoned so I took that as well. 

So now she's standing there in just her shoes, bra and panties…taking a step back I looked her up and down while letting out a whistle, yummyyummy is all I said, she blushed somewhat and slapped me gently on the cheek. OK, time to get serious girl, panties off I said as I tugged them down and before long she was sitting back in the lazyboy chair, her legs on my shoulders and my mouth on her cunt…letting the chair tilt back so she could get comfy I slowly started licking her thighs just next to her puffy cuntlips. All I could hear now were low moaning appreciative sounds as I slowly but deliberately lapped at her pussy. 

It took quite a while for Christina to get comfy with me tonguing her pussy, she kept saying that she must smell down there…when I looked up at her with my tongue buried deep in her fuckhole and my nose nudging her clit, now my turn to make yumyum sounds…. she finally shut up and laid back to endure my "harassment" of her yummy juicy snatch with my mouth. 

The first orgasm took a while to arrive, but once she got into it I licked her to orgasm a few times before she asked for a reprieve. OK, I said and got up to get a banana from the fruit bowl on her kitchen table. 

Walking over to Christina she was looking at me while I peeled the banana, then dropping the peel on her coffee table I got on my knees between her legs and aimed the banana at her wet cunt. She had a look of wonder on her face, and said; I've never had this done before…but I am willing to try! She went to take her shoes off, but I stopped her, saying; Think of what these shoes will remind you of after today, so leave them on…. Christina's face broke into a smirk and she just nodded, lay back and once more spread her legs for me. 

As the banana was still quite green and firm it went into her wet hole quite easily, the relative coldness of the banana sent shivers down Christina's spine and then when I started lapping at her clit again and sucking on the banana as well as her cuntlips trying to hold it in….well, she kinda lost control and grabbed my head and literally rammed it into her crotch; eat my cunt, lick my clit and suck on my banana you dirty little fuck, she demanded. 

When I went to town on her erect clit her cunt started pushing out the banana quite rapidly, so with my mouth holding the banana I fucked her a little with it before taking a bite off the end of it. Christina was watching me eat the banana intently, with a look of disbelief as I licked her hard clit then sucked it and took a bite from the banana as the convulsions of her snatch pushed the banana out a little at a time. By the time I got the last bit of banana out it was well and truly ripe and Christina's pussy was all puffed up with the pink inner lips peeled open over the chocolate brown outer lips. 

I just sat there for a few seconds staring at the beauty of her fanny and the slick coating of juices smeared all around. The aroma in the air was heady and I just leaned forward and lapped up some more of her cunt cream when she pleaded with me to stop, no more please, my poor fanny can't handle any more!! OK, as you wish my lady I said in a mock prim and proper voice; any requests? Well, I have always wanted to see a guy jerk off in front of me she said… Again, as you wish I said and proceeded to take off my shorts and top. Where would you like me to jerk off then Christina I asked. On my feet and shoes, something else to remember today by. 

So now I am standing in her lounge, stark bollock naked, she's wearing only a bra and a pair of prim and proper office girl shoes and she's asking me to spunk on her feet and shoes…. OK. As I begin to stroke my cock she watches intently as I cup my balls and how I handle the shaft of my dick, she's taking off her bra and is fondling her big breasts…pinching and squeezing and rolling the nipples between her fingers, pulling on them so hard that her boobs look like pyramids. All the while here I am tugging on my meat, there is something extremely exciting (as well as frustrating) about wanking in front of a woman that you haven't even fucked yet. 

It takes little encouraging from Christina to get me to cream on her feet and shoes, several spurts of thick cream now laying across her shins, feet and a little on her shoes. When she politely asks me to lick her clean and share it with her I don't hesitate, lapping up the trails of spunk one after the other. I have a nice collection of spunk in my mouth by the time I straddle her in the chair and give her a nice closed mouth kiss. 

When her tongue fair rams its way into my mouth I give up a little of my spunk, then she grabs my nose, squeezes it closed and when I am forced to open my mouth to breathe she pounces and gets more of the spunk she wanted to share. My dick is now regaining its full rigidity and as it's poking into her tummy she looks down, grabs it and gives it a good squeeze to assess its firmness. Damn, you are one horny bastard, Christina said loudly.

Get off me, she orders, I want you to stick this big cock into my arse!! The juices that oozed out of her cunt whilst I devoured it have run between her cheeks…making her bum hole nice and lubed…. 

As Christina gets on her knees on the lazy boy chair she sticks her formidable arse up in the air and as if to make sure I understand what she wants adds: Now no mucking around, pull my cheeks apart and drive your dick into my arse!! My dick is twitching by now, I grab her cheeks and pull them apart until her backdoor starts to open enough to allow my knob to start on its journey. 

As I slowly force my knob inside her I am at once overwhelmed by the intense tightness and yet as I slowly begin to move in and out her bum seems to relax and before long I have my whole dick buried in her arse. My strokes are now full length but fairly slow, Christina is telling me to go faster, harder…. Come on you bumhole fucker; you wanted to drill my arse so give it to me good, she is almost yelling at me. When she starts to thrust back at me I give in to her orders, I speed up to the point of my balls slapping against her cuntlips as I feel Christina's fingers frigging away at her clit. 

My cock feels like it is on fire almost and I know I can't hold out much longer now, by now I am slamming into her bum with my cock, balls whacking into her snatch and when Christina moans hoarsely to cream her I can't help it…I slam into her full depth and let go. My balls are now aching from the abuse, my dick is on fire from the tightness of her arse but all in all I have a content feeling….drained in more way than one I pull out of Christina's tight arse and leave a trail of spunk dripping down her arse and thighs. 

We collapse in each other's arms and all we say at the time is; WOW! Later that evening Christina tells me that she never thought I would be able to handle her tight arse the way I did, nor that I would be so into eating pussy!! Oh, and she kept her shoes on even when I fucked her arse… 

When I saw her at the office next I commented; nice shoes! All she could do then was blush and say thanks! It was a nice insider joke between the two of us…. It was a bit of back to front way to start fucking her really, cum in her mouth, on her feet, then in her arse….later on we had a bath and early the next morning I finally got to fuck her pussy, once we'd both recovered enough to christen her cunt with my dick as well… In the space of about twelve hours I had cum in her mouth, on her feet, in her arse and finally in her fanny…