 A few months before starting my new job I moved into a flat with a girl I'd met at my gym, she was in her late twenties. I wasn't screwing her or anything at the time, just a change in location as I was getting bored where I was before. 

At the gym I'd noticed Kerrin plenty of times and as she seemed open and outgoing it was always a pleasure to chat to her. By the time she put the notice on the board about looking for a flatmate we'd already known each other for a while. 

It wasn't until after I'd moved into her flat that I found out she was a bit of a nympho, I guess at the gym my focus wasn't so much on her as my workout.... Hhhhmmmmm, maybe I should refocus?

At home Kerrin seemed to make a sport out of walking around in skimpy clothing, then again as she was employed in the corporate world where uniforms were de rigeur that was understandable to a point.... Her tall and slender figure was kept in shape by the regular gym and also jogging sessions, something she was almost fanatical about.

So it became the norm for Kerrin to spend the few evenings she was at home lounging around in next to nothing, much to my delight!! During this time I was still screwing Christina regularly, so perhaps I was missing the initial signals that Kerrin was sending?? 

Anyway, in the second week I was there, on a Wednesday night the phone rings and Kerrin answered it. She talked for maybe 20 minutes with the person on the other end, who turned out to be Christina, before she called me to the phone. Not having heard the conversation I didn't know what was discussed, but it didn't take long to discover....

As Kerrin handed me the phone she had this almighty grin on her face, then again she had a pretty cheeky sense of humour, when I then found out it was Christina on the phone I couldn't help but wonder what was up. 

Well, Christina started talking dirty to me which wasn't unusual at all, except for the fact I am standing in the kitchen with just a pair of boxer shorts and singlet on. 

The dirty talk from Christina soon has my cock making a tent in my boxers. A few minutes after handing over the phone Kerrin walks back into the room, this time wearing a lace G-string and matching lacy half cup bra that was struggling to contain her C cups. It took me a few seconds longer to notice the heavy application of dark red lipstick she now had on.... I was distracted by the way Kerrin's nipps were poking over the top of her bra! And the grin on her face....

Christina meanwhile is describing in vivid detail an encounter we'd had where she licked and sucked my dick, leaving lipstick all over it... Damn, here I am standing with one woman on the other end of the phone describing how she'd sucked my heavy knob into her mouth and slurped and slobbered all over it....while my dishy brunette flatmate is trying to make coffee and stare at my tenting boxers simultaneously!

The detail Christina was putting into her description of sucking my cock was excruciating, causing me to twitch repeatedly, something which was not lost on Kerrin. She was now just standing there unashamedly staring at my bulge, grinning broadly, then moving onto her knees in front of me. Peeling down my boxers, she grabbed my throbbing shaft and gingerly kissed the head of my rampant cock.... Meanwhile Christina is now fingering herself as she's telling me how she's sucking me.

Listening to Christina's description and now looking down at Kerrin's head bobbing up and down on my shaft, her lipstick all over me, is just insane. How is a guy meant to hold back with this much stimulation? 

Christina came a minute or so after Kerrin sucked me into her throat, then as Christina focused on getting me off I just started commentating out loud; oh yeah, suck my cock lover, squeeze my balls, wrap your lips around me.

This whole scenario had me thinking I was dreaming so I figured I might as well go with it, blowing my load into Kerrin's mouth. As she milked my cock dry and just about sucked my knob off trying to get every last drop.....Christina just said see you tomorrow lover, and promptly hung up the phone.

As I hung up the phone Kerrin is giving me this innocent little smile, gets up from her knees and lays this big tongue lashing kiss on me. I can taste my own cum in her mouth still, but that's no worry to me, as my tongue intertwines with hers she grinds herself against my cock, which is almost completely rigid still.

Kissing my way down her neck I run my hands over her back and tight bum, Kerrin meanwhile is doing her own roaming over my body. As I work my mouth down onto her chest Kerrin puts her hand on my shoulders, gently pushing me down. Kneeling in front of her I now get this delicious scent flowing into my nostrils, her fanny is on heat and desperately in need of some tender loving licking. 

Running my tongue from her belly button down onto her thighs, carefully avoiding getting too close to her hot cunt, brings forth a frustrating giggle from Kerrin. Lapping gently across her lace covered fanny changes this giggle to a groan, also spreading her legs a little more at the same time. Pushing her back slightly against the kitchen bench, I run my fingers gently over her thighs, making trails up towards her gently heaving breasts.

Stroking slowly and gently underneath her boobs, then lightly cupping them and gingerly pinching her nipples, all while sucking and licking at her lace covered pussy....Kerrin was just leaning back and letting me do my own exploring!

Working my tongue under the edge of the now soaking wet lace G-string brings forth a little shudder from Kerrin, then when I push the whispy material aside to allow my tongue to do a full length lap of her soaking fanny she starts breathing heavily... Damn, how I enjoy giving pleasure!! I just had to drive my tongue into her wet hole, so I peeled her soaking G off her and sucked her swollen lips into my mouth.

From here on in it was a matter of minutes before Kerrin bucked into my face and moaned loudly; oh, suck my clit and don't stop until I tell you to!! Taking her engorged clit between my lips, sucking it and flicking my tongue across it at the same time brings Kerrin to the brink....she grabs my head, forcefully rams her pelvis into my face, promptly her whole body seems to go rigid and then shudders in the throes of a powerful orgasm. I have to hold onto her thighs to keep us from falling over as her knees seem to buckle a bit during this "ordeal".

As she partly recovers I continue to suck on her clit and shortly thereafter she again mashes my face into her cunt and cums violently again....oh how I love to have my face buried in her juice pussy....STOP!! She calls out as she's trying to regain her breath, looking down at me with a look of disbelief on her flushed red face. Just then my stiff cock grazes her shin and this brings forth her next order; on your back!

Who am I to argue? On my back on the kitchen floor, Kerrin slides into position on top of me, my cock needing no help at all to slide into her dripping wet box. In one swift movement my shaft is buried to the hilt inside her well licked cunt. As she slides onto me, Kerrin just stays put with my dick buried deep in her while she is still panting away.

Before long however, she's riding my stiffy with enthusiasm, her fitness allowing her to ride hard and fast for a long time. She's telling me she loves her cunt being eaten, she loves sucking cock and she loves being on top....jokingly adding that it's a man's task in life to bring a woman to orgasm anytime she orders him to...OK, that's a new one by me, but why argue when you've got your cock buried in a hot little lass? 

Kerrin came a couple more times, then as I got close to blowing my load she sensed this and hopped off to once again suck me into her mouth and drink some more spunk. Lovingly milking me dry again, she's looking at me with big eyes as she's licking her juices from my dick and balls.... Christina told me you were a good lover, at least now I believe her, Kerrin said as she crawled on top of me again. Once again, I was bemused by how women talk and share things...

Anyway, gotta go and meet the girls Kerrin announced as she headed off to the shower, leaving me lying on the kitchen floor all hot and sweaty.

The following Saturday morning I had one of my mates over, Kerrin comes home from her run, wanders into the kitchen all sweaty and looking rather dishy, has a drink and announces that she's off to have a shower…. OK, you're a big girl, I thought to myself. 

After Kerrin is in the shower Wayne looked at me, then as I said that I fucked Kerrin a few days ago he grins. She looks hot and ready to go again to me, Wayne says. 

Once Kerrin's finished in the shower, she walks back into the living room stark naked, and when my mate and I look up at her she's got a miffed look on her face….did I miss something here, was I meant to jump in the shower with her perhaps?? 

I am lying down on a beanbag, almost completely flat on the floor and from my vantage point I can her muscular legs and a nicely trimmed pussy that looks a bit puffy…the outer lips are swollen and peeled open with the inner lips decidedly poking out…OK, she's hot and horny. I beckoned her over with a finger and point to my mouth. She's got her cunt on my mouth in about 2 seconds flat and as she lets herself down on my face she near suffocates me… 

Soon I notice that Wayne is standing over me, his dick in Kerrin's mouth while she's grinding her pussy into my mouth. This was somewhat surreal as Kerrin and I hadn't seen each other since our Wednesday night encounter, here she is cranking up the volume by taking on me and my mate, with no chit chat of any kind. That was a strange feeling for me, up until then anyway…when I got onto the fringes of the swinging scene later on in life this got more common…. 

So from the prospect of a quiet, boring Saturday Wayne and I fucked Kerrin in every hole. This was also my first double penetration experience, when I was on the bottom with my dick in her pussy I could feel every move that Wayne made when he stuck his cock into her arse… The way Kerrin went off when we double dicked her was bloody hot. 

Needless to say when we finished with her, Wayne and I were pretty much fucked. The rest of the day we drank, ate takeaways and watched telly..and laughed quietly every time Kerrin walked around the place very gingerly, she'd obviously not been 'abused' like that before!

For the next couple of months life was quite hard, fucking Christina and also Kerrin...yeah, I know, what a problem to have? What was delightful though was how playful and cheeky Kerrin was.

What Kerrin got me into was some playful bondage I guess, taking turns tying each other up on the bed. Being stark naked, spread eagled, tied down and blind folded is something that takes the exhilaration to a new level. OK, you need to feel comfortable with the person you're doing it with, if you do this will blow your mind. It certainly worked for me!!

Her cheeky playfulness also led to something funny. During our bondage sessions I had to refer to Kerrin as Mistress Suleika. Kerrin being the smart arse she was, she decided to try and embarrass me at work. 

One day I got a visit in my office from our receptionist, now normally she's quite confident, but here she is carefully asking me if I know a Mistress Suleika. Her voice is trembling a little, until I break into a grin and nod in acknowledgement, then Rina sighs in relief. Oh good, 'cause when she asked for Nick and then couldn't come up with your surname I was getting worried.

I asked Rina how she figured out which of the 3 Nicks in our company Mistress Suleika was wanting to speak to. Once again Rina became unsure of herself, she blushed and mumbled somethng about her describing me and them she dropped the phone message on my desk and quickly went back to her desk.

So I rang Kerrin, asked her what the go was ringing me at work and making our receptionist blush... Kerrin described that what happened was exactly what she had planned. 

So I rang your office, the receptionist answered and when I asked for Nick, she asked which surname. Oh, I don't know Nick's surname, how many Nicks have you got working there? Rina said 3, perhaps you can describe him for me? OK, Mistress Suleika said, he's early twenties. Rina then said this would narrow it down to 2. Apparently a permanent grin, short dark blonde hair and a muscular physique didn't sort it out either....

Kerrin said I am sorry, I just couldn't resist, but I told Rina that the only other distinguishing feature was that you had something makes you unique. OK, Rina said, what is it? Kerrin quietly continued by saying that "her" Nick had a beautiful, long and thick cock and a heavy set of balls that could satisfy her pussy for hours at a time..... Oh, Rina had apparently said, I think that solves it, I will pass your message on and hung up. Kerrin thought it was funny how the poor woman had gotten so flustered. Watch out, she might want to come into oyur office and cop a feel of your crotch, Kerrin warned.

The next work social I had Kerrin wanted to be my date, I should have known she had some sinister plans... Donning her tightest little black dress and matching heels, Kerrin looked eminently fuckable. Arriving, she soon excused herself and went to find Rina, promptly introducing herself as Kerrin a.k.a. Mistress Suleika. By this time Rina had had plenty to drink already, as we had arrived fashionably late.

Seeing the girls whisper and look back at me I just got this nervous chill down my spine. This didn't improve when Christina walked over and introduced me to her new man.... As her man was looking elsewhere, Christina deftly grabbed me by the crotch, fondling my heavy nuts and squeezing my rapidly stiffening cock for several seconds. This was caught by Kerrin and Rina, who was now staring in amazament....

Later on Kerrin was back at my side, asking if that woman who'd grabbed my balls before was Christina. Yeah, I replied, to which Kerrin asked; So does she like it up the arse? Yes as a matter of fact she loves it up the arse, I grinned. Kerrin's nipples were showing clearly thru the thin material of her flimsy dress. She was turned on by meeting Christina and knowing I'd fucked her in the arse....weird.

Much later in the evening Rina joined us for a while, Kerrin eventually bringing up the phone call she'd made that had caused Rina so much embarassment. Even though we were in a dark corner, largely hidden from view by the throng of people milling about, what happened next came as a surprise.

Kerrin said that since she'd described my cock to Rina she should at the least get to have a good look at it. Over the loud music Rina came closer to Kerrin and asked heer what she'd said, Kerrin just replied; watch this, and handed me her drink, then lowered my zipper and pulled my half hard cock out into the open. Rina is now standing there, mouth open in surprise as Kerrin deftly strokes me to full hardness, my balls hanging out as well. 

For a few minutes Kerrin casually wanks my rigid dick, then she says to Rina to just grab hold of me and give me a good stroke. It takes Kerrin a minute or two to convince Rina to grab hold of my fat throbbing cock, but eventually Rina takes hold of my prick, her fingers gingerly curling around it, or trying to at least. This is cool position to be in, holding two drinks and two women are taking turns stroking my hard shaft at a social gathering with a hundred or so people around us.....

The girls are grinning while they take turns tugging on my stiffy, taking delight from the fact that my groaning is drowned out by the music. When I came, most of my spunk ended up on Rina's hands and forearms, Kerrin copping only a little bit. Rina licked her hands clean, while Kerrin took both drinks off me so I could put my softening dick away. 

We then all laugh out loud, Rina the loudest, and make our way to the middle of the room. Later that night when Rina and her boyfriend leave the party she says; see you on Monday, with a knowing grin.... Lucky for me I knew that I wouldn't be working there much longer, things were getting a little "complicated".