 Just after starting my new, office bound job, I had a few experiences on the swinging scene. Being a single guy is a problem as there are lots of single guys looking to fuck someone else's wife/girlfriend. 

My first one was with a fairly well off couple, I met the guy first for lunch, he wanted to suss me out and ask me what I was comfortable doing etc. Then I met them for a Saturday afternoon barbecue. 

Harry explained that what he was looking for was a guy to look after his wife's needs while he was away on business. Rather than let her do the searching behind his back he said he'd just as soon take part in the 'audition' process as he called it and give his opinion on the guy. Sounded fair enough to me, even if I had to admit that this was a new experience to me. 

Met Susan on their balcony, a bottle blonde in her early forties with the 'kept woman' look about her, nails perfectly manicured, hair done just so, face made up beautifully and her clothes were very stylish. We had a few drinks then got into making a meal together. 

In the kitchen Sue kept 'bumping' into me whilst I was getting the salad ready, I could see Harry looking to see how I would react to this. Taking a step towards Sue I simply pushed her back against the fridge and gently pinned her there with my whole body touching hers. 

She looked up at me and said; my aren't you a confident one… To that I just took her face in my hands and gently kissed her, she readily opened her mouth to let my tongue in and soon we were sucking on each others tongues, much to the delight of Harry who stood just within my field of view…grinning from ear to ear. 

After a few minutes of kissing Sue I pulled back and said with a boyish grin; Ooppss, sorry about that Miss, but I just couldn't help wanting to kiss those luscious lips of yours. She just smiled broadly and wrapped her arms around me, kissed me again and grabbed hold of my bum with both hands and gave it a good squeeze. 

Well, my dick was rock hard and her nipples were poking into my chest, she squirmed her body against mine to get a better feel of my cock and also probably to push her nipples and tits into me some more. Sue then looked at Harry and asked him if he minded eating a little later, she said she'd dearly love to punish this young man for harassing her in her own kitchen. 

She grabs me by the hand and leads me into their bedroom, at the side of the bed she again wraps her arms around me and starts kissing me, this time with less urgency… I notice Harry is standing just inside the doorway watching. Over the next 20 minutes or so we kiss, touch and slowly undress each other, kissing our way up and down. 

I still haven't touched her boobs or her pussy and she has only softly touched my cock so far. Getting onto the bed we kiss with more intensity and I work my way down her body, licking between her boobs and then all around them, finally reaching the nipple…as I take it between my lips and softly suck on it Sue lets out a soft contented sigh, and reaches for my cock. But as I am a bit of a tease I move out of reach and work my way down her belly, kissing, licking and sucking all over. 

By the time I've kissed my way to Sue's ankles she's got one hand on her pussy and is rubbing her clit, so I just had to get my mouth in there instead. As my tongue dives between her cunt lips she spreads her legs wide to allow me full access, with long wide laps I lick her bald cunt…leaving a nice trail of saliva and causing a low moan from Sue. 

After I've spent a while licking, tonguing and sucking her slick hole I move up and spin sideways so Sue can reach my dick… she grabs hold of it and drags me over to her mouth by my dick and promptly jerks back my foreskin and pops the head of my cock between her lips and sucks on it until my eyes water…. We roll over so Sue's on top and she makes a meal of sucking my dick and licking my balls, all the while moving around so that she can keep her clit at the tip of my tongue… 

She stops sucking only long enough to enjoy the first of many orgasms, mashing her snatch down hard on my face. As she cums her pussy seeps thick juice, I can't help but lick it up and this makes Sue moan louder, after which she gets back to sucking my dick. 

I just love eating pussy, and I get back to eating and slurping and sucking on Sue's wet cunt….enjoying it immensely and it takes me a little while to realise that there are two mouths at work between my legs…as I feel one mouth sucking on my knob, another is trying to get both balls inside. 

OK, when I stopped licking her snatch, Sue got off my face so I can see that while she's still got my knob in her mouth, Harry is sucking on my nuts. I just grin wide and Sue pulls away, letting Harry get his mouth onto my throbbing shaft while she cups my balls and fondles the base of my dick with her fingernails. 

They seem happy that I've not freaked out and while I lie back and let Harry suck me I find Sue's wet cunt with my hand and start finger fucking her slowly, two fingers in her tunnel and my thumb toying with her clit. 

She begins squirming slowly and soon she pushes Harry out of the way, climbs onto my well sucked dick and plunges herself down in one swift motion. Damn, her fanny is so wet, so hot and the look on her face is a picture! Is it any wonder why I love to fuck? Sue is now on a roll, she loves being in control on top and uses my stiff prick to bring herself to a number of orgasms in close succession. 

I notice Harry is now sitting on the edge of the bed watching us intently and stroking his own fat cock slowly. Sue slumps down onto me after some time and we roll over, her head now close enough to Harry's dick so she can suck him while I do my best to fill her from the other end. 

Once I've got my dick back inside her I put her legs close together between mine and whilst making slow short strokes with my balls hard up against her thighs I am close enough for a suck on Harry's nice fat cock. 

Sue looks a little surprised, but she makes way so I can take the head of Harry's dick in my mouth. He looks down in delight to see that I've got his tool in my mouth and while looking up at him I take him in my mouth as far as I can, then rake my teeth along his shaft on the way out. His cock twitches as though he's about to cum, but it takes Sue and me alternately sucking his yummy fat cock for quite a while before he cums. 

At the time when Harry starts to spurt I have his dick in my mouth but Sue senses her hubby is cumming and with Sue's and my mouth clamped together over the end of Harry's knob we share his load, but Sue got most of it as she was on the bottom…. Taste wasn't bad either! 

Sue is now lying back with her head rolled back, my cock still rigid as a steel pole inside her twitching cunt. Must be time to get serious I thought, pulled her legs far apart and drove my dick into her again, this time intent on filling her with my cum. Sue soon grabs her legs behind the knees and spreads herself so wide I thought she was going to break apart. 

Leaning down onto my elbows I start to really hammer away at her steamy snatch, Harry looking on in admiration as his wife is being harshly fucked by a fellow young enough to be her son. Sue cums again, her cunt feels like it's flooding around my dick, her juices coating my balls thoroughly while they are slapping against her butt. Soon after she cums, I can't hold back anymore and I pull out of her and spray my spunk onto her tits, belly and over her pussy. 

My dick only softens a little and I figured that I might as well slip it back inside her wet hole….Harry looks surprised, almost pissed off, but Sue looks at me with delight and reaches for my balls and slowly rakes her fingernails over them. 

Sue and I kiss slowly and tenderly while my cock regains its stiffness, and slowly I stroke her now soaking cunt with my renewed hardness. Sucking on Sue's nipples is bringing back her moaning and as I force her legs as far apart as I can I grind our pubic bones together gently, keeping my dick buried deep inside her. 

Her cunt seems almost suctioned onto my dick, but before long I feel the need to get back to serious pussy reaming…fucking her hard and fast for a few minutes before cumming deep inside her soaking hole. 

Now is the time to make her cum again I reckon and swiftly I pull out and slide down between her spread legs, my mouth ending up on her cunt…as my tongue delves into her tunnel, I can taste my own spunk mixed with lots of her thick cunt juice. 

I lap up as much as I can handle, savouring the taste mixture before moving on to her clit…it takes only a few sucks and flicks of the tongue to set Sue off on a shuddering orgasm, her cunt pushing out lots of our combined juices, more for me to lap up. 

After a few moments I tried to get my tongue back for another round but she pushes me away, pleading no more!! By now Harry is looking more pissed off and dejected at the same time….I guess he was worried that his Susan would become addicted to my cock. 

We never actually got back to the barbeque; Sue called me the next day saying that Harry didn't want her to see me again. Little did Harry know that when he went overseas a few weeks later, Sue and I spent a weekend at their house and pretty much fucked ourselves silly!! 

Her comment at the end was that she could stay young if she only spent enough time in bed with younger men…. We only occasionally fucked after this weekend, shame her husband was so threatened by a younger stiff cock huh?