 In the next few months I met with a small number of women and couples, and even though I fucked some of them it was mostly straightforward and nothing interesting came out of it in the end. 

Well, OK, I did meet and start going out with the redhead that I then lived with for about 3 years, not that I met her thru a swingers mag or anything. She worked as a receptionist, met her when I worked for her company, then after I moved on asked her out to lunch and we got on rather well. 

By this stage I was 23 and Trish was almost 19 so now I was the older one. Trish was a short little redhead, only 5'2" and petite but with a 34D chest that looked oversized for her small frame, but together with her habit of wearing high heels I couldn't help but be turned on by her. I met some of her girlfriends at a social event, all of them aged 18 or 19 and single. Trish was the only one with a steady boyfriend, making the rest of them jealous, especially since I was older and had some money to spend on my girl…. 

Even though Trish claimed she was a virgin when I met her, she soon got into the swing of fucking on a regular basis. I met her parents and soon found her mother was just as spunky as her hot young daughter, detecting a glint of lust in her mums eye…perhaps Trish had been talking to her mother of the hot, regular sex we'd been having? 

Six months or so later Trish and I moved in together, then Trish's father died, leaving poor mummy living in a big house all on her own. We became regular visitors after that, so one Saturday afternoon we turned up at Faye's place for lunch, found a note on the table saying she'd gone to the shops and be back by about 12. 

This left about half an hour and as Trish was always ready for a quick fuck it came as no surprise when she asked me if I was game to do her in the lounge, right now. Seeing her standing there in her tennis gear I didn't have to think at all, dropped my shorts on the ground and got in behind her as she had already gotten on hands and knees….her favourite position. 

With her skirt flipped over her tight little bum, I pulled the crotch of her G-string aside and slid right into her wet cunt. Here she is on her knees and elbows, bum in the air and a cunt full of dick, hand fondling my balls and moaning like a little slut while I give her cunt a fast shafting. 

I heard the door open, Trish didn't…and to my left I see her mother looking on as her youngest daughter is on the lounge floor with her fanny stuffed full of dick. I was close to cumming and Trish was pushing back into me with gusto, her mother looking on with an open mouth as I take one final thrust into Trisha's juicy cunt and empty my balls… when I look to my left again Faye is gone. 

She returns in another 10 minutes or so with a bag of groceries and no mention is made of the fact she saw me drilling her daughter. 

A similar experience was had when we were housesitting for one of her mother's friends. The house was a one level bungalow type of dwelling at the beginning of a right of way leading to several pensioner flats behind the house. 

Having lots of windows in the living/dining/kitchen area overlooking the right of way was a strange feature, but Trish took delight in this, often getting up early in the morning and walking to the fridge in the rising daylight, stark naked, and look for one of the older folks to look in at her. 

The spa pool of the house was around the other side, again lots of windows making for lack of privacy, but as this was to Trish's liking it didn't matter. We found that visitors to the granny flats often walked up the grassy area adjacent to the spa pool, thus getting an eyeful of Trish's big tits….this leading to Trish proposing a daring little stunt to me. 

She wanted to see if people would keep walking past if she was sucking me off, or if that would stop them walking on the grass. Well, to the best of my knowledge nobody ever walked past, even though Trish sucked me off regularly while I was sitting on the edge of the spa pool…. 

Trish being a hot-headed redhead led to some great sex, she took great delight in the fact that her big tits caused grown men to drool, especially when she wore one of her many tight T-shirts minus a bra. The swing of her firm young boobs and the nipples showing made her as hot as any guy perving on her. In summer she wore the cut-off tees showing her tummy, usually teamed with either a pair of snug fitting shorts or a mini skirt. 

My favourite tee was the one that was too short really, showing off the bottom of her tits when worn without a bra. In the supermarket Trish would take something off a high shelf, next to some poor guy that had been eyeing her titties…the reach causing the bottom of the tee to ride up higher, often showing her nipples, usually these nipples would be rock hard. 

She was somewhat puzzled by my liking of her showing off for someone else's benefit…but at the same time she was always hot to fuck after flashing her titties. 

We went shopping for a dress for a cocktail party we were invited to, since Trish liked to wear high heels anyway, a snazzy cocktail dress would just complete the picture. Anyway, she tried on several dresses at many different stores, but none to her liking. 

As we walked past an expensive boutique I spotted a dark green dress that I liked the look of, the type of material a stretchy satin that was very thin, the cut providing a bit of support for her tits while showing off a good amount of cleavage. I pointed it out to her, she noticed the price and baulked at the tag. I urged her to try it on, just in case it was to her liking. 

The sales assistant was a cheerful lady in her early forties, and once Trish came out of the changing room it was the sales lady who actually whistled softly. Here is Trish, her tits nicely cupped by the top part of the dress, showing a good portion of cleavage, her nipples clearly hard and plain to see. Further down it hugged her hips and thighs nicely, but showed a panty line. Seeing this in the mirror she asked the sales lady how to get rid of the panty line…without blinking the sales lady said to Trish to just get rid of the panties, after all you're no longer wearing a bra? 

Trish tilted her head as if to consider this, then reached under the dress, took her panties off and playfully tossed them at me. Much better, both women commented after Trisha twirled in front of the mirror. As I stuffed the damp knickers in my pocket the sales lady commented to me that she wished for a figure like Trisha's. She loved the dress, her nipples showing nicely…. Needless to say I bought her the dress and a pair of matching high heels, a necklace to dangle between her heavy tits and a small handbag that matched her spunky dress. 

When we got home Trish put the dress and heels on and well, she looked oh-so fuckable in this clingy number… I told her to lean over the couch, she readily spun around and hiked the dress up to let my dick into her nicely lubed up snatch…. 

We did go to the cocktail party and she took great delight in the many men (and women) staring at her firm young body, needless to say we didn't make it home before she needed my cock inside her… Or was it me that needed it?? 

Trish and I fucked and sucked each other regularly and in many outdoor locations as well as indoors, one memorable occasion was when she sat on my lap on a picnic bench up in the Waitakere Ranges, her skirt hiding the fact she was full of cock when some tourists trundled our way and asked whether this was the way to the lookout over the Upper Nihotopu lake. 

She just sat there, clenching her cunt muscles around my stiff prick while I pointed the tourists in the right direction. Once alone again she rammed herself up and down on me mercilessly and rapidly milked my dick dry with her tight snatch. 

Another occasion was when we were holidaying in the far north, in the water to our chest in a lagoon when she came over to me and grabbed my cock thru my togs and started stroking me forcefully. She never asked me to fuck her, she just took my dick out of my togs and jumped up onto it, the crotch of her string bikini not wide enough to hold out my rockhard dick. The contrast between the temperature of the water and the heat of her cunt was a hell of a turn on and the fact there were heaps of people on the beach made me cum in a matter of minutes. As I was about to cum, Trish jumped off and jerked me to orgasm, a trail of spunk floating to the surface of the water. Her job done she left me there with my dick hanging out and swam back to shore. 

Later that holiday in the early afternoon, I was laying on my back reading a book, legs in the tent and top half out of the tent. Trish had been to the shops and as she came back, she looked at my position and grinned that the way I was laying there was perfect… I never clicked, but she hopped in the tent, zipped it partway down and tugged my shorts off and began sucking my dick. 

So with my top half outside the tent I just pretended to be reading, meanwhile little miss redhead is going to town on my dick and squeezing my balls…. The couple in the tent next to us turn up right at this time, damn! The woman is the only one who speaks English properly, holding a map she squats down beside me and asks me if I can point out something to her… My cock is ready to explode and here I have a Euro chick wanting directions, with her man just gone into their tent. 

She seems to work out what's happening, smiles and puts her thumb in her mouth and starts to suck it suggestively. Her nipples are showing thru her top and at this point I blow my load into Trisha's mouth, my eyes rolling back. The Euro girl gets up, goes into their tent and within minutes I hear groaning coming from within. Trish later asks what happened with the person outside the tent while she was sucking me, she got jealous when I told her the girl started sucking her thumb. 

Another instance of Trish getting wildly jealous was when one of her friends, Lisa, came around to our place to borrow some of Trish's clothes. Now Trish was a short girl, Lisa was quite a bit taller, her 34D's the same size as Trish's, but looking more proportioned on Lisa… The visit turned into something of a fashion parade, Lisa trying on a good number of Trish's outfits. Trish's short dresses looked pretty hot on Lisa, one of them hardly even reaching the bottom of her arse cheeks. 

Then when she tried on one of Trish's strappy summer dresses, her black bra straps looked out of place against the bright yellow of the flimsy dress. It was Trish who commented she should try it without the bra…Standing only a few feet in front of me, Lisa didn't hesitate at all and whipped the dress over her head and undid her bra, dropping it in my lap….leaving me to look at her firm young breasts, nipples erect, standing there proudly in just a tiny G-string that barely hid her swollen pussy….and the high heels that I fucked Trish in just that morning…smiling at me…once Trish saw what was going on (she couldn't miss the tent made in my shorts by my hard cock…) she went nuts at both of us. Lisa just calmly stated that she thought it was about time she showed me her titties….The fact that Lisa was the one night stand queen in Trish's group of girlfriends obviously didn't help.

This jealousy was one of the factors that eventually caused us to break up. OK, our jobs grew, we got promotions and our careers started taking up more of our time, we failed to recognize the dangers. Shame really, because a year or so after we went our separate ways I ran into Trish in a shopping mall. Both on our own, so we sat down for a coffee and a chat, during which she commented to me that she hadn't been fucked properly since we parted ways. No I didn't take this any further. Must have been her way of saying she thought I was an OK fuck??