 After Trisha and I parted work briefly became my sole focus in life, after several promotions I was now handling supply chain logistics for the local operation of a multi national company. My life outside of work consisted of going to the gym regularly and spending a bit of time with friends. For a few weeks I lived in a hostel, while I decided what to do next. Flatting was the next thing, found a flatmate 'position' close to work and moved in. 

My work was largely office bound still at this time, but every second weekend I was now taking an owner driver's B-train to Gisborne. Go to Gizzy on the Saturday, return Sunday, loaded both ways. Having worked for Rex during my courier days, he was happy to have a guy he knew on his truck as well as having the weekend off. Anyway, this trip was a fairly relaxed one, no tight deadlines to meet. 

So one Saturday afternoon I am sitting at my favourite afternoon break spot in the Waioeka gorge, just enjoying the sounds of the birds singing, water running over the rocks in the river below, when I hear a car spluttering in the distance. The sound gradually came closer; eventually stopping at what I guessed would be one or two corners up the road. Driver then tried starting car again but after a number of attempts gave up. 

By the time I had finished my sandwiches a woman came walking up the road, happy to see someone. Her cell phone wasn't any good this far away from civilization, so I made a call on my Fleetlink for her, and stayed put until help arrived for her. She introduced herself as Susie, living in Gisborne but going to Auckland one week each month for work. 

She would have been mid to late thirties, quite tall at around 5'10" and of a trim muscular build. Her black hair hung down onto her smallish breasts but the thing that I found interesting was the glint in her eyes, almost devilish, very confident and alluring. 

During the almost hour long wait for the tow truck we talked about a whole lot of things, me getting the feeling she wasn't going to Auckland to look for work, but what it was exactly I didn't know at the time. Anyway, she'd seen my truck parked up in Gisborne on a regular basis so she knew when she saw the rig that she might be in luck. 

The tow truck ended up taking her car back to Gisborne, and Suzie was at once distraught when the diagnosis was that her car wouldn't be mobile until Monday afternoon or Tuesday morning. She asked me if I minded giving her a ride to Auckland the next day. No problem by me, as long as you're ready and packed by 5am you've got a ride. She pulled a face at the early hour, but agreed. You can always climb into the sleeper in the truck if you want to sleep some more I commented. The gleam in her eye sent a twitch to my dick, already half hard from looking at her long legs and tight bum! I am sure she saw my dick salute her… 

Next morning she came walking up to my truck as I was doing the daily walk around, kicking the tyres etc. As I helped her with her backpack, stowing it on the upper bunk and securing it, I was pleasantly surprised to see Suzie well and truly alert, the gleam in her eyes even more devilish than yesterday. Her snug fitting tracksuit did nothing to hide her shapely legs and butt, again my dick was trying to do my thinking for me, but I still had a full days work ahead of me and I did my best to focus on the job at hand. 

Suzie settled into the passengers seat and we chatted away the first two hours. At the first tyre check, I walked around the truck in the usual manner; stopped to take a leak on the passengers side and when I tucked my dick back in I saw Suzie hanging out the window with a big grin on her face. She said next time you take a leak can you stand closer so I can have a perve? Oh, and tell me in advance so I can go for a piss as well. 

When I climbed back into the cab, I saw Suzie had taken off the tracksuit, now she's wearing a white polo shirt and a short black skirt. The way her nipples are showing thru her polo shirt it's obvious there's nothing under the polo. Mind on the job boy is what I am telling myself. 

At the next tyre check Suzie was out of the cab quickly and as I came around the back of the truck she's already done with her leak, just standing there waiting for me to take out my dick to take a piss. I turned my back in mock shame, but she's around me in a flash and grabs hold of my cock midstream, it's an odd sensation this, a woman holding onto my dick while I am taking a piss. My cock takes about 2 seconds to get to full hardness and I am now pissing into the air. 

Suzie is now standing behind me; one hand stroking my dick and the other has gone to cup my balls. Damn you've got big heavy balls Suzie growls into my ear, must have a big load in there huh? Her dick hand is pumping me furiously; the hand cupping my balls is gingerly squeezing and massaging my heavy nuts. Suzie is whispering into my ear that she wants my spunk in her mouth and on her tits, as her tongue dips into my ear I tell her she better get ready 'cause my load ain't far away. As she squats in front of me she takes my cock into her mouth, sucking it deep down her throat, her polo top is off, tucked into the back of her skirt. 

As I look down at her hard nipples, big dark suck patches with a cherry on the top, I just see Suzie smiling her devilish smile at me…in a few big deep sucks she's got me blowing my spunk into her throat. She tried to swallow as I was cumming but it was one of the bigger loads I've ever dumped, she ended up with two spurts of spunk hitting her neck and onto her tits. The smile on her face changed to one of contentment….and before long we were on our way again. 

At the fuel stop at the Mount we also had a bite to eat, Suzie raised a few eyebrows as it became obvious that not only was she minus bra, her skirt spent so much time hiked up it became plain to see she didn't have her knickers on either…. Don't you love it when guys ogle me, then stare enviously at you, asked Suzie. I must admit that is a pleasant sensation, I allowed myself. 

Back in Auckland I dropped Suzie at her hotel. Can I give you a call later on, she asked. Sure, I said, thinking to myself that I would never hear from her again. She did ring me however, not even an hour later, asking; are you free for dinner tomorrow, Monday? Sure thing I said. How wrong was I to judge??

Come Monday evening I turned up a few minutes early at the hotel bar, Suzie was already sitting on a barstool. She had on an ankle length long sleeved crushed green velvet dress. The way it perfectly fitted her form was a dream to behold, nipples showing thru already, no panty line at all…most of all the grin on her face was almost scary. How a look can hold so many different meanings is beyond me: I've already sucked you dry, gonna do it again, gonna fuck you senseless, sit on your face for hours etc. 

She jumped off the barstool and hugged me passionately as I walked up, several guys in the bar looking disappointed right now…. We both sat at the bar and had a couple of drinks, Suzie whispering in my ear the corny old line; wine me, dine me, 69 me. OK, if you insist I grinned.

Dinner was a fairly light affair, her feet kept running up my legs, at one point both her feet were in my lap, her lip licking action at the same time was getting a bit much for me. I had to get this minx into her room and out of her dress. I got up from the table with an obvious boner, Suzie seemed delighted that I had the nerve to walk thru the restaurant this way, putting an extra wiggle in her walk as she preceded me out of the restaurant and down the walkway to her room. The way her butt cheeks moved under the crushed velvet dress was only adding to the hardness of my dick. 

At the entrance to Suzie's room it took her several seconds to get the key into the lock, so I grabbed her butt with one hand and ran the other down the front of her thighs, deliberately missing her fanny by only a few inches. The shiver it sent up her spine was a good sign of things to come…. 

Once inside the room she pushed my back up against the front door and at the same time as she rammed her tongue down my throat she grabbed me by the crotch firmly. While she was doing this I unzipped her dress all the way down her back and started to peel her out of it. Suzie seemed delighted I was getting her naked so soon. I took over forcefully, got her out of her dress completely, pushed her back onto the bed and holding her ankles far apart I dove right in between her thighs, tongue straight up into her now juicy hot fuck hole. The way I drove straight into her must have taken her by surprise somewhat as it took only a few laps at her fanny to make her buck into my face and moan low and long, her pelvis thrusting up at me several times in close succession. 

Deciding to, once again, follow Margaret's advice I spent about half an hour taking Suzie to orgasm over and over, until she literally begged me to stop. So here she is buck naked, dripping from her fanny, well sucked and tongued and I still have all my clothes on. 

I casually undress, as Suzie lays there watching me with a dreamy look on her face. As my rigid dick springs into view Suzie's eyes flash bright and she's onto the floor on her knees in an instant, clamping her lips around my knob and sucking hard. I figured I should get her onto the bed into a 69er before she once again has cum in her mouth…. So as I manoeuvre her onto the bed, she quickly catches on and pushes me down and mounts my face, hovering her hot snatch over my mouth while she's devouring my throbbing dick. 

It's in this situation that I relish the control that I've gained over the years, we suck and slurp at each other for about half an hour, Suzie cumming over and over, drenching my mouth and chin in her tasty juices. She seems to be enjoying the fact she can keep sucking my dick, slurp on my balls without making me blow my load. In the end she lifts her head and looks back at me, looks at me pleadingly and asks in a mock little girl voice; can I have my cream please?? 

She lifts her pussy out my reach, so I give in to her ministrations and soon let go in her hot mouth, filling her mouth once more and this time she spills only a little. She gets off me and cuddles up alongside me, coming over to give me a cum mixed kiss, no worries to me. She's pleased that I tongue kissed her and didn't worry about the spunk left in her mouth. 

Her hand meanders back to my cock and when she finds it's almost completely hard still, she strokes it firmly and her eyes get that glint in them again. No words are spoken, Suzie jumps onto my dick and her fanny eagerly sucks it down. She gets into an easy riding rhythm, focusing on her own pleasure, grinding her clit into my pubic bone and then alternating by bouncing on my rigid shaft like a woman possessed. The way her black hair flailed around the place was one hell of a turn-on. She was going to town on my dick, her fanny twitching and gripping at me with increasing ferocity. 

To be honest it was almost scary the way she got into fucking. The way she just kept on cumming and cumming was amazing. When she seemed to tire somewhat I flipped her over and started pounding into her, Suzie holding her legs apart at the knees. The look on her face was of sheer wanton lust, our eyes locked together as I hammered her sopping wet cunt full of cock over and over….

The feeling of giving so much pleasure to another person is intense, almost overpowering, but with my balls now aching from slapping against her butt I wanted to let go inside her. Suzie finally ordered me hoarsely to pump her full of spunk, grabbed my arse and pulled me into her just as I was losing my load. I shuddered several times as I emptied my sore balls into her abused pussy. 

As we lay there locked together she looked up at me; you are an animal young man, but I love the way you fuck me… she longingly said. We jumped into the shower to rinse off and then slipped into the spa pool to relax a little. 

As we talked, Suzie "confessed" and told me she was addicted to sex, and thus got into the habit of letting guys paying her for sex. She didn't see herself as a prostitute since she simply loved to fuck and suck, she didn't need the money, or so she said, but if you're in a position to enjoy yourself and be paid for it as well…why not? 

I think of myself as an employed nympho she said. She looked at me saying; and you didn't get to be such a good lover by being a choirboy did you? If women knew how much you enjoy eating pussy they would be queuing up for miles, and if you can keep your end up as long as you've just done here then you should become a paid stud I reckon. Hell, I would pay you to fuck me like you've just done! I haven't been screwed like this for bloody years, and I will happily come to see you again and again and again…..