 About this time at work a new exchange student from Denmark arrived, Elaine, to work together with any department that needed extra manpower. The norm was for these students to spend a year in NZ, usually working about 8 months and then tripping around the remainder of the time. 

Elaine was not your stereotypical Scandinavian beauty, aged 24 she was about 5'9" of curvy woman with an enormous set of tits that made most men drool. I later found out they measured 40E and were held by a bra that had a quad catch at the back. 

One of the ladies at work that I got on very well with, Denise, my mentor I guess you could say, suggested that Elaine be used to help me get on top of the change in computer systems. Over about 4 weeks Elaine and I spent long days getting the new system up and running, starting usually at 7 and finishing most days well after 6 at night. We lived in the same area so it seemed normal for me to pick her up and drop her off. 

After the project was complete Elaine was put to work on something else and I never gave our close teamwork any further thought…until one of the guys made a crack about me being the first to bang the new student from Denmark. So it was a couple of weeks after the project finished that Denise came to my office for a quiet word (I never fucked my mentor just in case you're wondering) about Elaine. 

She said, OK, Elaine has been here 6 weeks now and she seems to have settled in nicely. But rumour has it that you didn't get together with her, is it true that you didn't fuck her? And if not, why not? I was stunned as this coming from a lady who I normally watched my words around…. Denise began laughing at this point, then she suggested that as Elaine still hadn't gotten her drivers licence yet I should be prepared for her to ask me to show her around. I had been working 6 days a week for too long now, and Denise suggested I slow down a bit at work. 

So when Elaine came a few days later and asked me what I was doing for Labour weekend I knew that Denise had a hand in this. The Far North was our destination, Ninety Mile beach being one of the highlights. Elaine booked accommodation at Kerikeri and at Denise's suggestion we left first thing on the Thursday before Labour weekend. On the drive up we talked about things other than work for the first time… To my surprise, Elaine was far from the uptight work focused girl I thought she was…. 

It dawned on me that it was me that had been focused on my work far too closely!!! In hindsight I found it hard to believe that I hadn't looked at Elaine as the hot woman she was, alone in a foreign country. But now she was in my car it all started happening pretty quickly, we talked about life, love, money, women, men, politics and finally the topic of sex came up. 

We wandered thru a museum at Matakohe which showed the early pioneer days of the gum diggers and Kauri logging. Elaine was thrilled when she saw the giant chunks of Kauri gum, or amber as she called it. Her father was the product of an American dad and a Danish mother, so it gave Elaine a mixed heritage and she'd spent some time in the USA already to look around… the amber lumps you'd be able to buy in the US were apparently tiny by comparison to the ones we saw that day. 

So when I bought her a Kauri gum necklace it gave her a big thrill. Sitting outside the museum eating an ice cream we were enjoying the sun as it was now almost midday. Elaine then wanted to put the necklace on, had some problems getting it to clip up behind her and I ended up doing it for her, getting her hair out of the way it happened…. 

I touched her skin for the first time and I felt an electric shock jolt me, to which Elaine laughingly remarked; Wow, baby, one of us is charged!! The necklace hung low, but because of the t-shirt she was wearing it didn't look right. Elaine decided she wanted to change from jeans and t-shirt into something more summery. 

She collected some things from her bag in the car and went off to the toilets, came back a minute or so later and was now wearing a yellow pair of shorts and a white sleeveless button up top that really showcased her oversized boobs. Up until now she'd always worn looser fitting tops that didn't draw too much attention to the size of her chest, but now that she was wearing a stretch knit top that wrapped up tight one couldn't help but stare at her Dolly Parton like physique. 

The necklace was hanging nicely between her cleavage, Elaine smirking at my reaction to her change in clothes. She seemed pleased that I didn't actually drool when I saw her melons on display like this, more focused on her legs and tight little bum wrapped up in those yellow shorts. 

Once we were on our way she started talking about her tits, how she hated it when guys only looked at her chest and how I actually checked out her butt and legs as well as her titties…. So you a tit man or a leg man then, she asked. I came out honestly in saying that I like a nice pair of tits, but a shapely pair of legs and nice butt does more for me. 

We talked about sex some more and even got to the subject of oral sex, Elaine saying how she loves sucking uncut cock, playing with a guys foreskin with her tongue and tasting his spunk when he cums in her mouth. She got carried away, saying she loves sucking cock, but loves tasting and swallowing spunk even more. OK, I think I get the picture….then she asks me if I am cut or uncut. 

When I let on that my cock is uncut she licks her lips, then straight out tells me she wants to see it…soon! I find a place to pull off the road and get out of the car, walk around to Elaine's side and step in between her legs as she fondles my dick thru my shorts. Once she fishes my now hard dick out she simply opens her mouth and just about completely devours my rigid pole with her mouth, gagging slightly as my cock enters her throat, staying put she relaxes her throat and takes my whole length into her mouth…. 

Wow, is what I am thinking….then she blows my mind by opening her mouth a little, my dick still fully inside, then slides her tongue out under my balls and laps several times at my balls with her mouth stuffed full of dick. I am looking down at this and I just cannot believe my eyes!! Elaine then settles into a fast rhythm of sucking, jerking my shaft and massaging my balls and in a matter of minutes I thrust into her mouth and blew my load, Elaine swallowed and tenderly licked my softening cock. She looked up at me when she finished lapping at my dick and said that I tasted delicious… More later, she asked, knowing full well that I would not refuse such a reasonable request. 

When we got to the motel Elaine had booked us into I found that she'd booked us into a room with two bedrooms, just in case I wasn't immediately responsive to her I guess? We settled into our room, and then decided to walk up the road to a restaurant for some dinner. 

Elaine had a glint in her eye as she declined dessert, remarking to me that she wanted to save some room in her tummy for later, knowing full well that I knew exactly what she meant. When I got up from the dinner table my dick was almost fully erect, Elaine noticed and patted my groin playfully while whispering; down boy, save it for a bit longer. I just smiled at her, paid the bill and we walked back to the motel hand in hand. 

At the motel Elaine started filling up the spa and asked me to join her. We both got undressed and for the first time I saw Elaine's enormous tits without any restraint, sagging a fair way without any support and also the marks left on her shoulders and upper back from her bra. I asked her if she had problems with her back because of her boobs, she said it was starting to become a nuisance and that she was going to have a reduction operation when she got back home to Denmark next year. 

As we jumped into the spa bath she talked of her return home in about 10 months, how it would make me feel etc. She said she wanted to have the pleasure of some company but she didn't want to break my heart…so don't get too attached she warned…If you can't handle that then let's not get too carried away here, on the other hand if you think you can handle screwing me regularly until I go home then let's get on with it! We'd now laid down the ground rules and we were both happy.

I massaged Elaine's neck and shoulders in the spa, then got opposite her and started on her feet and ankles. When I got serious on her feet she started squirming and breathing heavier, must have got the right spot huh? Seeing that her nipples had also gone from flat to seriously erect I figured now was a good time to move onto massaging her cunt. Reaching forward I stroked her thighs briefly before getting my hand in between her spread legs and rubbing her pussy gently then drawing her towards me. 

We kissed passionately for a long time, touching and feeling each other all over, Elaine trying to sit on my cock towards the end, but I had other plans. I wanted to eat her out and drive her wild with my tongue, so standing up and grabbing our towels we dried each other off and got onto the bed. 

When I got Elaine on her back she spread her legs and tried to get my cock inside her by pulling me down onto her, I almost gave in but I really wanted to taste her hot cunt. I urged her to just lie back and enjoy, once I got busy kissing her neck and working on her legs with my hands she seemed to melt into the bed and allowed herself to be teased and pleased. With my mouth I worked my way around her breasts and nipples, sucking and nibbling gently while stroking her legs and inner thighs with one hand. 

As I slid down I let my throbbing cock rest on her shin and Elaine rubbed her leg up against my hot cock with almost painful enthusiasm. Playfully I slid down further and thrust up against her foot as my mouth got closer to her wet snatch. Getting in between her legs I kissed her thighs briefly, but judging by the juices oozing out of her fuckhole she was ready to cum on my face in seconds. 

Sure enough, when I wrapped my lips around her swollen outer lips and sucked gently she almost screamed, as I tongued her slowly but forcefully her hips thrust up at my face and when I went to tickle her clit she just cried out softly as her body convulsed repeatedly in response to my clit licking. 

Giving her maybe twenty seconds to recover from her first orgasm I kissed her thighs softly, then went back to work on her now soaking cunt. Licking her juices from her hot little hole I made long noisy laps while looking into her eyes when I could, rubbing the tip of my nose over her clit and smiling at her. Elaine was holding her tits and rubbing her nipples when I started tongue fucking her in earnest, sucking up the juices her cunt was oozing and licking my lips so she could see I was enjoying my 'dessert'…. 

When she closed her eyes I moved my mouth over her clit again and then slid two fingers into her slick cunt, with my lips encircling her clit, tongue flicking it rapidly her cunt gripped onto my fingers and came again, this time crying out more loudly and breathing rapidly as she came down from her high. She needed only a few seconds as I carried on licking her juicy cunt and started the same sequence again and again as she kept cumming and cumming. 

I just love eating out a responsive woman, tasting her cunt cream and sucking her clit to drive her wild…. Elaine certainly knew how to enjoy herself as I just kept going back for more, my tongue got pretty tired from the hard work it was doing. 

When I moved up alongside her she came up and kissed me with an open mouth, sucking on my tongue forcefully and reaching for my cock, still hard as steel and looking forward to some attention. Elaine got me into a comfy position, laying me down on a couple of pillows so I could watch her as she went down on my twitching cock. 

Licking her lips as she got close to my knob she looked into my eyes and remarked that she loved my attention to her pussy and that I had better have her 'dessert' ready for delivery quick smart! As she grasped my shaft at the base she looked me in the eye and licked my dick like a lollipop from base to tip several times, coating it in her saliva, her eyes never leaving mine. So erotic, a woman licking your cock and looking right at you while doing it!! 

She then opened her mouth wide and stuck her tongue out, slowly working it around the knob and trying to get under the foreskin. Pulling back my foreskin with her fingers she slowly stroked the skin just below my knob, driving me nuts, then licking with her tongue in the same area, fondling my balls with her other hand. She then got into serious sucking, again taking my whole cock into her mouth and opening her throat so she could lick my balls again while her mouth was full of cock. 

Too much, then when she raked my arsehole with one fingernail I just lost control and blew another load right down her throat. She just sucked me dry and smiled this little 'gotcha' smirk at me. 

She lovingly licked and sucked my cock clean and before I knew it she had me hard and ready to go again, somewhat to Elaine's surprise it seems. Still, she got a condom and wrapped it onto my dick in no time and just jumped me, her cunt greedily taking my cock in. 

She humped me without mercy, her huge boobs swinging inches away from my face, her nipples looking like cherries that needed picking so I just sucked on them while she banged my dick into her hungry fuckhole. 

For a few minutes she rode me, breathing getting ragged and then she plunged down onto me, trapping my balls in a now familiar place and writhing and squirming on top of me as her cunt convulsed around my happy cock. 

She collapsed on top of me and I simply tipped her off and once I got her on her back I aimed my dick back into her cunt as she spread her legs and drew me into her. Her tits now became almost a cushion to rest on as I hammered her little snatch hard and fast with my rubber wrapped soldier. Slowing the pace a little I sat up and lifted her legs high, holding her ankles to the side of my face, sliding in and out a little slower, watching as her tits bounced in unison with my thrusts….

I couldn't help myself, I thrust into her faster and faster, her tits just about hitting her in the face as I held her ankles and pounded her twitching cunt. Spreading her wider apart I slid down onto Elaine and after a few hard strokes drove ball deep into her and let go, pushing hard into her. 

Breathing heavily I am thinking to myself, not bad, in the last twelve hours I've gone from being colleagues with this woman to now having cum in her mouth twice and now inside her once already (albeit in a rubber) and we don't go home for another five days…..will I survive?

Well, between the two of us we had 2 dozen condoms and we just about used all of them before we went home…so I guess you could call that a good holiday?

Back at work we didn't draw any extra attention to ourselves by being touchy feely, everyone except Denise didn't know any better, Elaine liked the fact that I didn't go around bragging to everyone that I'd sucked and fucked her, she rewarded me by numerous blow jobs. Or maybe that was just because she loved the taste of cum in her mouth?