 Elaine also came to my gym for a few weeks, the free membership trial being one of the attractions. 

At the gym there was a lady who did the signing up of new members, Linda, who was always perving on some of the guys tight buns. Elaine picked up on this pretty quickly, asking me if I had fucked Linda already? When I answered no, she said with a smile on her face that I should, and don't wait too long, Linda looks ready for some serious dicking to me…. 

Elaine then wandered over to another gym attendant, Kate, for a chat. Between the two of them they joked that I should start wearing lycra bike shorts to tease Linda some more. Kate apparently thought Linda was a bit stuck up, what with her crisp clean white blouses, expensive skirts and matching jackets, but what pissed Kate off most was the shoes that Linda always wore, very businesslike black dress heels…far too dressy for a gym. 

Perhaps it was because Linda, being the sales front for the gym, wanted to be dressed for business, whereas Kate was always in gym gear…. Maybe it was because Linda stood tall and lean and Kate was much shorter….who knows, but Kate was always saying something negative things about Linda, to Elaine she suggested that all Linda needed was a good hard fuck, even suggesting that Linda probably hadn't been fucked since she broke up with her man. 

Even so, when Kate suggested to Linda that she might like to see my butt in bike shorts Linda agreed that it was a good idea, but she also blushed and asked Kate if it was that obvious that she was perving on bums?? Kate laughed at Linda and just told her not to worry, she'd help out and at that Kate walked away, leaving Linda wondering what Kate meant. 

Well, Elaine told me she liked the idea of getting Linda hot and bothered, she found a really tight pair of navy blue bike shorts and had me try them on. They fit really snugly around all the curves, just the showing of the underwear thru them did not look right. Elaine said to try them without anything underneath. 

Well, Elaine just said that should do it…. Just need to give you a trim so your ballhair doesn't poke thru the stretched flimsy material of the shorts, ruins the sexy look Elaine reckoned. 

I thought it was just another reason for Elaine to put herself in a position where she could suck my balls dry…but why complain huh?

So now I have my balls shaved smooth, just a little bit of hair left above my dick and Elaine urging me to show it all to Linda…. Elaine had observed Linda for a few days then started chatting with her regularly, the girls went drinking one night and following that, Elaine told me that Linda was gagging for someone to fuck her. 

When Elaine let on that one of Linda's fantasies was to be taken forcefully….outside a bedroom….Elaine and I hatched a little plan…start with the bike shorts to get Linda warmed up, get into her office, nail her hard and fast, walk out of her office leaving my spunk oozing from her cunt. 

Elaine used Kate to help with the setup, on Mondays the gym would go quiet pretty early on, but Linda would be there at least until 9pm, it being the night Linda and Kate got to clean up and close up. 

When I turned up at the gym around 7.30 on this particular Monday night it was fairly quiet, only about half a dozen members doing their routines. I got into my workout and when Elaine walked in around 8 I saw her and Kate have a few quiet words. 

Kate was looking at me with a weird longing lustful look in her eyes, I guessed Elaine had told her some of the details of our plan. To be honest I was nervous and horny as hell at the same time!

Linda came out of her tinted window office in the corner a little while later, she again was looking at my butt while I was working out on the cross trainer, my butt sticking out nicely during the workout. Kate and Elaine approached Linda and asked her about the bicycle shorts thing, this time right next to me, up until now I supposedly didn't know about any of this…. 

Kate then produced the flimsy garment that Elaine had purchased and showed Linda… well, you could see Linda's face going red again. Kate then asked me if I minded changing into this pair of bike shorts to give Linda and the rest of the girls a thrill, I hesitated a little but Elaine piped up that since I had a nice butt it was only fair that I showed it off for my admirers…. 

OK then I said, at which Kate came up close and quietly told me; no jocks! As I saluted her in a mocking manner Kate's face broke into a big grin....she must have planned this with Elaine I was thinking to myself. 

So off I went to the changing rooms, stripped off my normal gym shorts and underwear and got into these hideously tight bike shorts. I got back onto the cross trainer, Linda was on her way back to her office as she saw me again…this time she stared without shame. 

Mind you, Kate, Elaine and a couple of the girls left in the gym also took a good look, two guys just carried on with their weights, oblivious to what was happening. Linda may have had an idea this was a setup, but she never let on. As she came up behind me she put her hands up close to my butt, seeing this in the mirrors I backed up a little until she was touching my butt, and she eventually retracted her hands, but not very quickly I might add. 

The look on Linda's face and her hard nipples told me she was ready to be taken, now!! Kate snapped out of her longing stare and quickly walked over to Linda and told her to stop drooling, go to your office before this man accuses you of harassment; fat chance of that I thought!! 

Linda nodded and went off to her office. Elaine then told me that I could take my time in Linda's office, Kate adding that nobody comes around to sign up for gym this time of night anyway, least of all on a Monday. 

As I got close to the door to Linda's office my cock was at half mast, nicely filling up and my balls felt pretty heavy, hoping they were going to milked soon….. I walked into Linda's office and closed the door behind me, backing up so she could have a good look, bending over a bit and sticking my bum out a bit more, just teasing Linda a bit more. 

She looked unsure of herself for a moment, then I asked her if she wanted to grab my bum again, please… She laughed a bit, still unsure, then when I turned around and asked her if she wanted to grab my front instead her eyes locked onto my heavy set of balls and almost fully rigid cock…staring intently as my cock twitched a little as it kept growing to full mast. 

Or perhaps I should just go then, I asked, looking over my shoulder as Linda looked somewhat flustered as I moved towards the door. This got a reaction, Linda fair leapt out of her chair and was at the door in no time at all, telling me to turn around…I wanna take a good long look at that bum you've been teasing me with. 

Her hands came up around my bum and fondled it firmly, then she said she couldn't feel any underwear….what was I wearing underneath? See for yourself I told her. 

At this point Linda's face showed the conflicting thoughts going on in her head, here she is with a guy who she's been perving at for a while, he's in her office and his dick is hard. She's in her late thirties, recently single again and keen for some hard cock in her neglected cunt. 

Thinking of Elaine's comments to nail Linda hard and fast…I took Linda by the waist, pushed her up against the wall and when I felt her pelvis thrusting back at my now rock hard cock, her hard nipples poking into my chest and her breathing getting pretty rapid I figured it was safe enough to just take her. I kissed her on the mouth, forced my tongue in and was greeted by her tongue hungrily probing back. 

Peeling the top of my bike shorts down, leaving my dick and balls free for action, I yanked Linda's skirt up…grabbed her flimsy cotton panties, yanking at them roughly they soon tore and came off her without any problem, Linda's breath catching as I did this. 

Tossing her torn knickers on the floor I nudged her legs apart… my dick now only inches away from her hot cunt, grabbing her right leg and lifting it up to my waist and sliding down a little I get just enough angle and leverage to place my cock against her cunt…it feels red hot and without any difficulty I slipped inside her moist cunt, thus pinning her against the wall by my cock. 

Lifting her other leg up to waist level as well I am now holding Linda against the wall by having my hands holding her thighs up and apart while my cock is driving into her forcefully, my favourite position..... 

She looks at me with a look of bewilderment and lust at the same time, uttering; damn you've got guts, coming in here and ramming your fat cock into me. When I asked her if I should stop, she wrapped her arms around my neck and started rocking back at me… and saying don't you dare stop now you cheeky little fucker. 

It's like a wet dream, you walking into my office, ripping my knickers, filling me with your cock, I love it, been wishing for something like this for a long time….she becomes a little incoherent as I pound her tight little cunt without mercy or letup…what if someone comes in she wonders out aloud? Fuck them, let them have a good look I murmured. 

Linda just breathed heavily… I have no concerns as I know no one will enter this office until either me or Linda walk out….So without any worries I fuck Linda's tight snatch, her legs now wrapped tightly around my back, my legs are getting tired so I take a few steps to her desk and put her bum down on the corner of her desk and continue stuffing her full of my throbbing cock, the lower level of the desk now allowing me to thrust down into her and I start unbuttoning her blouse, opening it and pulling her half cup bra down a bit to let her small titties spill out… her nipples are small but hard as peanuts when I lean down to suck them into my mouth. 

Linda's cunt was nice and wet when I forced my dick into it, but now it's as if my cock needs a snorkel, it's just dripping with juices, as if the situation has her losing control and my forceful taking of her is better than her dream…well, I just drive into her cunt over and over, she cums once, well before I am ready to let go…so I just keep reaming her poor little fuckhole until I can feel my balls tighten… just before cumming I pull out and spray my load against her cunt and onto her thighs, leaving a fair bit of cum dripping on the inside of her stylish skirt which has a wet spot from her own juices anyway….milking the last few drops out of my shaft.... 

I slapped my knob down into the sticky goo a couple of times, I back away, grab her torn cottons from the floor and wipe my cock and balls to get rid of most of the juices from our fuck, tuck my cock and balls back in the bike shorts and head for the door, open it and seeing that it's only Elaine and Kate left in the gym I walk out, leaving the door open…letting Kate and Elaine look inside briefly, to see Linda laying on her desk with her skirt up, legs apart and cunt covered in spunk, blouse open and tits out before the automatic door closes behind me. 

Elaine gives me a little peck on the cheek, saying that she loves a forceful man, now take me home and fuck me……at this Kate looks at Elaine in a puzzled fashion and says: what is the deal between you two?? Elaine just remarked very matter of factly that she was only using me for sex….we left the gym, Kate standing there looking more puzzled than ever. 

When Elaine and I got to my place we fucked like rabbits for hours…Elaine couldn't believe that I had the balls to follow thru on our little plan, mind you…I wasn't sure if I had the nerve for it either, but as soon as I got near Linda I figured it was safe to do it…all the signs were that she wanted to be taken, even though in hindsight it could have turned out differently. 

Thinking about this whole silly thing later, I am left with the impression that the women had this whole thing set up to go the way it did. I have no illusions that I am some sort of Adonis who makes women weak at the knees with desire…..far from it in fact.

I joked with Elaine that she was now my pimp, this being the second time in my life that a woman who I was screwing encouraged me to fuck another woman. Elaine just laughed and said that I should remember that she was only 'using me' for sex. 

The day after I fucked Linda I went to the gym like normal and Kate grinned naughtily when I walked in, as soon as Linda spotted me she came over to the exercycle I had hopped onto, her nipples almost poking holes in her blouse and even though she tried to casually say hello and how are you it didn't come out that way! 

She looked flushed, thanked me and said she'd emailed me and turned and walked away. The email she'd sent was quite long and intense, saying how she loved my forceful decisive actions…. when I just ripped her panties off and simply drove my dick into her cunt she just about came there and then! 

She described in great detail how she loved it when I pulled out and sprayed her fanny with a big load of spunk. Linda and I got together quite a number of times, but she could not regularly handle my repeated reaming, her poor fanny going dry too soon. 

As had often been the case with my mature lovers, she found a man her age and we went our own way, both left with happy memories of a naughty meeting and the follow up.