 The flat where I'd been staying came up for sale so flat hunting became the next thing that Elaine and I got into. Elaine, always being the dirty minded little minx, suggested I should go flatting with two or more girls as this would give me more opportunities to screw around. 

Being the only male in a house would be good for me in the long run, Elaine purred as she was stroking my dick….. So I scanned the flatmates wanted ads, specifically the male flatmate wanted ads and went looking. 

After a couple of weeks I found a flat with two women looking for a male, and at the initial flatmate interview I got on with them both from the word go. 

The house we shared was not too big, but had 3 bedrooms and as we hardly ever were home at the same time it didn't matter anyway. Melissa was part American and part Kiwi, a solidly built girl with a great outlook on life, always smiling and laughing at something. Becky, who was from Hong Kong, had a more serious look on her face but was always up for a laugh all the same. 

Elaine helped me move in and as the girls hadn't met Elaine before, thinking I was single, Elaine introduced herself as a friend. Even though Melissa was pretty bold and asked me on the side whether Elaine and I were getting it on…both Elaine and I kept up the just friends line….. 

Once settled into my new abode, life went along smoothly for a while, we had our own friends, own work schedules and only sat together for a meal once in a blue moon. Melissa had a boyfriend who treated her like shit, in the first month I was there they broke up and made up twice, making us wonder if it's a case of low self esteem on Melissa's part that's making her take this shit back?? 

Becky, Elaine and myself were wondering what she saw in the guy, Becky made the remark that he must be hung like a horse 'cause when he's over here banging Melissa she fair grunts and groans….. Elaine smiled at me and I gathered she had a devious plan…at the following Saturday night gathering Elaine turned up at our place wearing a low cut tight fitting top that showed off a huge amount of cleavage, as well as tight blue jeans. 

After the barbecue we had some more drinks, Melissa's boyfriend getting bolder with his lewd remarks to Elaine, much to Becky's disgust. Melissa on the other hand seemed to just accept Blair's bad behaviour as though it was the norm. Elaine had a quiet word in my ear that Blair wanted to stick his dick between her huge tits…

She'd fondled him thru his pants and found only a small amount of sausage there…how about I suck him and let Becky and/or Melissa walk in on us? Interesting idea…Elaine would get her mouthful of cum, Melissa got to find out what a ratbag her boyfriend was and Becky got to see Blair only had a frankfurter instead of a salami. 

It didn't take Elaine long to drag Blair into the kitchen, within minutes I could see Melissa looking around for Blair, Becky also clicked on that something was up…both girls walked into the house calling out Blair's name, but once you've got your dick in Elaine's mouth you're not getting it out until she's had her treat of hot spunk!! 

So Mel and Becks walked into the kitchen, Blair is trying to get his dick out of Elaine's mouth and when Becky sees the size of his dick she just starts laughing out loud and comes outside….all of us outside asking her what she saw. Not much, she replied, it's no big deal I mean….giggling her ass off….Becky whispers to me: If Blair's little dick made her moan and groan then perhaps she'd scream the house down if she got a real cock inside her. 

Melissa didn't seem too surprised to find Blair's dick in Elaine's mouth, she tells us it's happened before… good riddance she says as she raises her glass to us. The thing I could not figure out was why Melissa didn't tell Elaine to fuck off at the same time as Blair???? After all, she was the one doing the sucking.

Now Melissa is back on the dating scene and at this time it's Melissa's mother that comes into the picture. As I am the one who is first home most days, I clear the answer phone messages, most days Mel's mum rings to see how her poor little single daughter is doing. 

Anyway, one afternoon Mel's mum rings as I walk in the door and we get talking about this that and the other. Have never met her, but she sounds more like my age instead of a woman in her fifties. Over the next few weeks Sally and I chat on the phone regularly, one night she rings and after Melissa answered she was most surprised that even though it was her own mother, but she wanted to talk to me instead!! Mel joked that I should chat up someone my own age, like Elaine perhaps? Little did Mel know huh? 

So when Sally started to visit her daughter more often, I was intrigued and aroused by her nature and attitude towards men, sex etc. Sally lived just out of Auckland, in Mercer just across the river in the countryside. Divorced from her well off husband, she had a nice country home on a sizeable piece of land. 

Meeting Sally for the first time was a surprise, not sure what to expect, but given that Melissa was a solid girl I did not expect her mother to be a hippy chick type, maybe 5'5" and whilst not a waif she'd definitely be classed as skinny, or in other words…a shower wall chick. 

Sally invited Becky, Melissa and myself to come visit her in the country next weekend, in fact YOU could come to visit me anytime you want she said huskily, pausing just in case I didn't pick up the double meaning in her voice…. 

Sally had a classy calm way about her when in a group, but one to one she didn't hold back…Sally and I talked more the following week, talking more about love and how being a free spirit is enlightening, getting around to her ex-husband. 

Specifically his not being able to accept that she loved him and still wanted to be fucked by other men. Feeling bold I asked her if Friday evening would be a good time to visit then? Sally answered with a smile in her voice in the affirmative. I wanted her when she walked into our house, now I just knew I might be fucking her before too long. 

On Friday night after work I drove to Sally's place and she met me out on her deck, wearing just a loose fitting summer dress. We kissed in the fading sunlight, she simply grabbed my stiff dick, hopped up onto the railing of the deck and drew me towards her. 

Her dress was already up above her knees and as she thrust her tongue into my mouth I helped her free my rigid dick from my shorts, moved forward a little and as she placed my knob at the entrance to her fanny pulled me into her with her legs behind my bum. 

As my dick slid inside her hot cunt she pulled me tighter, kissing me with urgency while I slowly thrust in and out of her hungry cunt. Cars were passing occasionally along the road, but we were a fair way back and Sally didn't seem worried at all, she just looked into my eyes and urged me to fill her with my spunk. 

This was somewhat surreal, I had met her only a few times, and after getting out of my car had my cock inside her within five minutes, now twenty or so minutes later I emptied my balls inside this woman old enough to be my mother…and both of us were loving it!! 

I spent most of the night with Sally, her favourite position being a 69'er, loving the feeling of my dick between her lips while my mouth was worshipping her hairy pussy. After I'd cum several times more my balls were empty for the night and in the early hours of the morning I returned home. 

The following day was when Mel, Becks and I went to visit Sally for lunch. Melissa never connected the fact that I came home in the early hours and her mother walking around with a certain tenderness, looking tired but happy…. And why should Melissa have known, after all Sally was just so much older…. 

Sally and I even fucked at our house during the day, on the floor of the lounge, leaving the smell of sex hanging in the air. I am not sure if Melissa ever found out, but Elaine thought it was so cool that I was giving an older woman what she needed, a good shafting!! 

Elaine had also asked me what I thought of Melissa, did I want to screw her? I thought Mel was a hot chubby chick, but then to me sex appeal is not a function of physical perfection… The more I think of Elaine the more I miss her free spirited way, her free and easy yet passionate approach to sex…and oh man, could she suck cock!!

A few weeks before Elaine left to go home to Denmark we had another group gathering on a Saturday evening at our place, this time Melissa was talking with Elaine how hard it was to get laid if you're a little on the chubby side like me…sigh and all that. 


I'm not sure what Elaine told Melissa, but two days later as I was getting out of the shower Mel walked into the bathroom in her dressing gown and asked if I minded if she brushed her teeth while I dried off?? I said, no that's OK, but is that really what you came in here for? 

She looked at me with this little innocent girl smile, glancing down at my now semi erect dick, and asking: what do you mean? Her nipples were betraying her… so I just reached out with both hands, cupped her breasts and pinched her nipples firmly between thumb and forefinger as she initially reacted with mock disgust at my taking her boobs in my hands, then she smiled and her hands tentatively took hold of my rapidly inflating cock. Hhhmmmm was all I heard from Mel, as I teased her nips and she slowly stroked my dick, softly feeling my balls. 

The dumbest thing came next as she kneeled in front of me, holding my dick in her hand looked up to ask me if it was OK if she sucked it? I tilted my head and in the most serious face I could muster at the time said: If you must, but be gentle…. So she opens her mouth and starts sucking me. 

My thoughts at the time were very crude, 10am on a Sunday morning and Mel is sucking my dick, only a few hours earlier this dick was pleasing her mothers slippery cunt. Never before and never since has this happened to me, but at the time it was a huge turn on, especially when we moved to Mel's bedroom… I tongued her briefly, she moaned out loud but since Becky wasn't home it didn't matter. 

Once Mel rolled a rubber onto my dick I fucked her for what seemed like an eternity, after only a few minutes she started commenting…Blair never used to last this long, wow, you're so hard, your dick is so fat, oh, I love this feeling in my fanny….oh my, you're still going….she came after ten minutes or so of slow steady shafting, then when I got faster she came a few more times until her cunt started to go dry after maybe half an hour and I ended up having to pull out and finish on her tits. 

She kept raving about how long I stayed hard inside her…obviously the girl had never been fucked properly?? 

For me one of the most exciting things was what happened the weekend before Elaine went home, at our place there was Becky and her boyfriend, Melissa and her mother Sally….here's me thinking to myself…four women here and I've fucked and sucked three of them, and only Elaine knew about Sally and Mel. 

Elaine must have known what I was thinking 'cause she made this crack about three down, one to go?? 

Elaine and I kept in touch for a while, but what do you email each other about when all you really want is to be naked, hot and sweaty together? Her sense of freedom, suck and fuck who you want, her humour and her 'pimping' me out to other women was surreal, but most of all her mouth clamped onto my dick, sucking the cum out of my balls is what I miss….