 Shortly after Elaine left I changed jobs as I'd gotten bored with the long hours of monotony and after some hunting I took on a temp assignment that took 6 months. 

A large mail order distribution company were amalgamating several warehouses into one and my job was to set up and resolve issues with the inventory control system that incorporated a new fangled RF location system. I had done this at my previous company, successfully and here is a company willing to pay handsomely for my hard won experience! 

To be honest the money was only part of it, the other being the fact that of the 150 or so staff at this outfit, the majority were women, various ages and races.....yummy!!

So I get into my work, keep my nose out of trouble so to speak, and after a couple of months I can see the project coming together nicely. I guess my experience in this area showed and before too long I had all the department heads at ease, keeping them informed of my progress whilst making them do their part to help, the atmosphere changed from being stressful and tense to a more relaxed easy going, but still hard working environment. 

Once the pressure was off a bit, I started to have lunch in the cafeteria more often, at this time I was still a regular at the gym and I guess the type of foods I ate reflected it. It also brought a quiet warning to watch out for Lois, the department head of one section, who had a reputation as a cocktease, especially younger guys like me. Lois looked pretty good for her age, almost a carbon copy of Trish, my little redhead ex from a few years ago. 

Lois stood 5'1" in barefeet, but with her high heels she made it to 5'5" most days, short skirts and tight tops accentuating an oversized set of tits. She looked pretty good, she knew it and took great pleasure in guys looking her over. I'll admit that even though she was short, her muscular legs definitely looked appealing to me....thinking how those strong thighs would feel wrapped around my head... But I heeded the advice not to be sucked in by her cockteasing ways. 

Lois gave me plenty of opportunity to drool over her, wearing low cut tops on days when her and I would have our meetings, shorter skirts, higher heels....the whole range of clothing that normally would have me paying close attention. But at the time I was fucking Sally regularly, just got into reaming Melissa occasionally, so during the day I'd get pretty hot looking at Lois prancing around, then release this pent up energy whilst fucking either Melissa or Sally. 

Lois was getting annoyed that I wasn't drooling over her like so many guys when she showed more leg or allowed a good look at her boobs when she bent over right over my desk, giving me a good view up her blouse. 

Things came to a head in a way when during an after work drinks session Lois remarked that she hadn't yet met a guy who could hold his load long enough to make her cum...following it up by some remark about her cunt being like a vice...capable of rapidly milking any dick that had the nerve to penetrate her....Even though it was more than likely the alcohol talking, Lois looked at me after she'd said it, as if challenging me...I broke into a laugh and walked away, joining another group after getting another drink...much to Lois' annoyance. 

Things stayed this way for weeks, Lois trying to get a reaction from me. Even though I wanted to fuck her I had a little voice in my head telling me to stay away from her....

The sexual tension got pretty tense when, with 2 months to go on my project, I had a phone call followed by a visit at work from Linda, whom I hadn't seen in about six months. Linda turned up at reception dressed her usual classy self, but looking sexy and self assured at the same time. As I collected Linda from the front desk Lois noticed our long embrace, then when Linda kissed me full on the mouth Lois got up and made her way to my office and began asking menial questions of me. 

Both women seemed surprised when I curtly told Lois to give me twenty minutes or so and I'd come and see her once I had finished with Linda. Lois didn't like this one bit, and much to my surprise she snarled something along the lines of it only taking Linda 20 seconds to jerk me off....so hurry up. Linda didn't get angry at all, but she did leave me briefly speechless when she just turned to Lois and whistfully remarked: I only wish I could handle this fellow, but after our last session I couldn't walk for two days....shame isn't it? 

Lois was just standing there, not sure whether Linda is yanking her chain, her mouth slack as she takes in the direct words that just came out of this classy woman's mouth. I was surprised at Linda's words as well, I did not realise she had it in her, then again Lois looked like a short little tart compared to Linda...that may have had something to do with it. 

Lois never said a word, she just walked away shaking her head and Linda and I caught up on some gossip. After she moved from the gym to head office she had been doing really well, getting married soon and her outlook on life changed a little the day I so forcefully fucked her in her office.... About Lois, she probably isn't getting enough quality cock, Linda said, otherwise she wouldn't be so difficult. 

Are you going to, Linda asked. Going to what, I innocently asked. You should give her a good shafting, I can tell you want to nail her, Linda grinned. She left me her business card and told me to write her a report by email, just curious to hear whether Lois can handle you she laughingly said. In the meantime, how about coming to my wedding next year, Linda asked. No strings attached, I'll send you an invite anyway, Linda says as she gets on her way again, stopping briefly at Lois' office to chat for several minutes. 

I see the two women get their heads together and the discussion turns animated, then Linda is on her way. Next day Linda sent me an email to say she told Lois something along the lines of me being an old lover of hers, but that she couldn't handle my relentless cock pounding her cunt repeatedly each time we got together for a night.....oh, and she mentioned my penchant for older women, eating pussy and a general willingness to please like no man she'd had before..... Linda's final comment being that Lois' mouth went slack when she found out I was a pussy eating addict. 

Scene is now nicely set, Linda priming Lois perfectly...I have never figured out the logic behind one woman encouraging a man she's been with to screw another woman??? Not that I am ungrateful, it's just happened several times to me and I could never figure it....

Lois changed tack from here on, becoming very polite in her dealings with me, still showing me her ample cleavage during our meetings and on occasion letting me glimpse her flimsy lace knickers when her legs parted a little. If Lois was frustrated at no action, she didn't show it for a few weeks, then she began regularly sending me emails and instant messages via the company intranet....starting off very innocently and when I started responding to her increasing lewdness she got bolder...until she finally sent me a booty call: Be at my place, tonight, 7pm sharp! This was on a Tuesday night, with less than two weeks to go before I departed the scene so she figured she'd better make her move. 

Again the little voice in my head warned me not to take this woman on, but my dick had other ideas... So I sent Lois a response simply reading: OK.

I duly turned up on Lois' doorstep at 7 sharp and as she opened the door I was a little taken aback at the woman standing in front of me....High heels, tennis skirt and a spaghetti strap top...odd combination, but it worked for me...by the time the door was closed behind me I had a boner, marvelling at the way her tits strained against the top that must have been at least two sizes too small, almost being painted on...the sag showing that right now there's no bra holding those big puppies up. Her heels were similarly hideous, about 5" high, she wobbled around the place, her tits swaying as she walked....yum!! The other thing that struck me when I followed her up the hallway was the aroma of hot pussy. 

The dinner table was set and we ate fairly soon after I arrived, can't remember exactly what we had, Chinese of some sort, I was busy inhaling cunt odour and admiring her nipples thru her top, as well as taking in the show Lois made of eating her food, her tongue slipping in and out between her bright red painted lips. Nice shade of lipstick, would look good on my dick I thought to myself and grinned slightly. 

Dinner finished we cleared the table, Lois making a good effort to jiggle her tits at me. When she is putting the last of the dishes in the dishwasher she's bent over at the waist and I can see her G-string is pulled between her huge pussylips.... 

I am still resisting to just take her, I'd decided that I'd let Lois make the first move, she did, once the dishes were cleared she announced she wanted to offer herself up as dessert. When I looked at her as if thinking this over she seemed alarmed at first, but when I drew her to me and she felt my hard cock nudging her she smiled and kissed me firmly, sucking on my lower lip then sliding her tongue into my mouth. With my hands cupping her butt I pulled her hard up against me and spent a fair while just kissing her, nuzzling her neck, shoulders and working my way down her impressive boobs...sucking on her nips thru her top, then biting them gently had Lois reaching for my cock for the first time. 

Once she had her fingers around my hardon still wrapped in my pants she didn't want to let it go, squeezing and stroking it with a very firm grip, using a couple of fingers to stroke and massage my ballbag. 

After sucking and biting her nipples the front of her top was now wet with my saliva and I began to pull her top up and off her, slowly sliding my hands under her top....taking the bottom half of her tits in my hands and feeling the weight of them, then sliding her top over her tits and up over her head....Tossing her top aside carelessly I put my mouth back to work on her chest, licking between her tits, below and around them, before once again taking her nipples into my mouth. 

Lois now was working my zipper down and got her hand inside my pants and before long found her way into my jocks, clasping her fingers around my shaft, stroking ever so slowly but with a firm grip which I was enjoying tremendously.... Kicking off my shoes I dropped my pants and kicked them aside, then Lois took my top off and right then she grasps my dick and balls with both hands...stroking my dick with one and cupping my balls and squeezing rather hard with the other, her fingernails digging in around my nuts is a new but exciting sensation, causing my dick to twitch forcefully, much to Lois' liking. 

As I undo the button on Lois' skirt and let it drop to the floor I am now treated to the sight of her g-string trying in vain to hold in her very puffy cuntlips... As I touch her between her legs gently and lick my lips Lois swoons a little, perhaps remembering what Linda had said about my pussy eating desires... Pushing Lois down onto the couch she's forced to let go of my dick, much to her annoyance, but when I grasp her ankle and slowly remove her shoe and massage her foot sensuously she just sinks into the couch and allows me to touch her feet, ankles and when I start kissing her at the inside of her ankles I look up at her and find she's not just playing with her own nipples but also staring at me with anticipation, her pelvis pushing towards me. 

Teasing her a bit I put my mouth near her lace g-string covered pussy and breath out over her puffy cunt... then as I draw in my breath I once again get the wonderful aroma of musky cunt ready for action... delicious!!! Sticking out my tongue I lap her cunt from bottom to top in one slow deliberate lapping action, her pelvis pushing at me a little. For the next twenty minutes or so I kiss her thighs, move up across her tummy, nuzzle her breasts some more and kiss Lois long and slowly, her hands now once again able to reach my rigid dick, her stroking of me now much faster and more urgent than before, her nipples poking into my chest... 

Getting Lois onto the couch lengthwise and peeling off the g-string I ask her to get comfy...She knows whats coming, a pussy eating feast...and she's more than ready now, her cunt beginning to leak some juice...As she spreads her legs for me I slowly resume my earlier bottom to top lapping for a while, alternating between letting my tongue slide a little into her fuckhole and teasing her clit ever so slightly at the top of the stroke.... 

Her cuntlips have now swollen nice and fat, her outer lips being almost a mouthful, nice to suck into my mouth covered in cunt juice, probing into her hot little fuckhole with my tongue soon brings a low moan from Lois, so I tongue fuck her for a bit until she moans louder and thrusts her pelvis at my face again...Cool, five minutes of eating her out and she's already creamed my face...I like this woman! I don't know how long I ate her delicious pussy but by the time she asked me to stop licking she had an admiring look on her face, contented, exhausted and so very very wet between her yummy thighs!! I gave her a minute perhaps, then when I dove into her pussy again she didn't stop me, instead she grabbed the back of my head and ground her snatch against my face as I flicked her clit at a rapid rate, before she bucked, moaned louder than she'd done so far and collapsed back down, her hands now pushing me away and covering her cunt so I can't get my tongue in there anymore.... Guess she's had enough licking then??  

When I rested my head on her thigh she stroked my head lovingly, saying that it's been a very long time since she's had her pussy devoured so thoroughly. After a few minutes rest she gets me down on the couch and kneeling in front of me, looks at my now again rockhard and twitching cock with a devilish grin and promptly starts licking me from shaft down to arsehole, going as far as to pry apart my buttcheeks and trying to shove her tongue into my bumhole...when she gets serious with the cocksucking it seems she is not exactly an expert, though she has plenty of enthusiasm. Lois keeps gagging when she takes me deep into her mouth, almost as though she's not really into sucking cock....When I reach for my pants and offer her a condom she is quick on the uptake, rolling the rubber onto my dick and jumping on top of it pretty smartly. 

Once she's got my dick inside her she's into her element, her cunt indeed being pretty bloody tight, almost like the drunken 'vice' comment was on the money!! Lois enjoyed the fact she could sit on my dick, balls squashed against her bum and then clench her cunt muscles around my dick and make me squirm and groan... I loved watching her tits sway and bounce when she rode my dick, pretty soon I pushed her off onto the floor on hands and knees, entered her from behind and got my balls banging against her clit....Lois pushing back with a passion, I wanted more control so I simply pushed her flat down on the floor and was sliding my dick into her in a spread eagled fashion, shorter strokes but getting a good angle....and it was easier on my balls. 

After some of this I pulled out and turned her onto her side, pushed her upper leg up and slid into her juicy snatch again from here, straddling one leg, balls sliding up and down her inside thigh as I watched her tits sway in rhythm with my thrusting....her face glowing, looking at me with a 'give it to me' look as I slide in and out of her over and over...savouring the tight warmth of her pussy. Time to get serious I figure, pull out of her once more and roll her onto her back, her legs spread rapidly and she's reaching for my cock, urging me to stick it back into her...now!! 

Seems she was about to cum when I pulled out...ooppss...half a dozen strokes later and she's thrusting her pelvis at me before her cunt clenches up tight in orgasm, clenching up so tight it nearly bites off my knob... unreal...as she comes down off her high I stroke her cunt slowly before getting back into it...then resting on my elbows I start pounding her cunt hard, really hard and she's encouraging me to really pound her... go on, slam my cunt with your cock, is that all you've got... come on, hammer me harder she's almost yelling at me...my arse is pounding up and down, her tits slapping back and forth between us and yet still she's asking for more.... Crazy woman!! 

Her arms wrap tightly around me and once again she's urging me to slam her with all I've got, harder, faster, deeper, harder, faster, deeper....her voice turns into a whimper as she gets into her next orgasm...again her cunt clamps around my dick like a vice....and I don't know from where I got the control...but I manage to hold back, only just mind you...let her come back down from this orgasm, then pound her some more, and in no time at all she's again calling for more, harder, faster, deeper...this time I just whack my cock into her cunt without holding anything back, slamming into this hot little minx so hard our bodies are slapping nicely together....feeling her titties slither in our mixed sweat, the expression on her face now one of disbelief as I am still reaming her tight little 'vice' even though she's been licked and has cum several times...

With a look bordering on disgust she says: You're a fucking animal, you're fucking impossible, you should have cum by now...what's holding you back, come on, surely you can't hold back much longer...she's looking puzzled at me, oh I love this, keep giving it to me...love your cock just pounding me...she slaps my arse several times, not lovingly at all, but full force...not sure whether this is to get more pounding action or to get me to blow my load.... I just love the feeling of being of top of Lois, slamming her cunt with my dick and her eyes just rolled back as if she was going to cum again....my balls are now pretty sore from slapping against her arse...I make a few final merciless thrusts, my feet and legs off the ground, just leaning on my elbows and the rest of my body only used to drive my dick into Lois harder and deeper....as I fill the rubber with spunk I just cannot help but shudder a little...This is enough to set Lois off again, her cunt now milking my cock dry, literally...the convulsions of her snatch now a delicious treat for my slowly softening cock....

I collapsed on top of Lois and we didn't move for minutes, just savouring our bodies in post coital bliss so to speak. When I pull out Lois looks at the condom and it's got a nice big load of spunk in it... she unrolls it from my shaft and promptly empties the rubber onto her boobs, rubbing it in and also tasting it... I can't help myself, I dive into her pussy with my face and as I suck on her clit she inhales sharply and fair bucks my face and then grabs my head and pushes me away... no more she pleads with me...too tender now, you animal!! She looks at me and says ever so sweetly: And I mean that in a nice way...a really really nice way!! 

By the time we gathered our senses it was close to 10pm and I decided I'd better be heading home. Lois wanted me to stay the night however, and seeing how my cock was now already recovering I figured what the hell. Once we got into bed Lois had her hand on my cock pretty smartly, and climbed on top of me, aimed my stiff cock at her juicy hole and simply sank herself down onto it... Resting herself on my chest, her boobs like pillows she then thrust her hips up and down on my cock, taking only minutes to cum again, slumping onto me exhausted... So when she got off me and rolled onto her back I got in between her legs and slid my dick into her now somewhat looser cunt, that also seemed to be drying up...sensing that I didn't have long I pumped her pussy fast and came in a few minutes, pumping some spunk into her, making her poor little fanny more slippery....pulling out of Lois we cuddled up and went to sleep... 
