 Done at this assignment I had lined up something a little different, as I'd been driving trucks for contractors here and there ever since I had been with the courier company I looked at doing driving full time. 

I had to admit that even though all this office work was OK, the notion of being inside didn't thrill me one bit. Each successive job I'd had was more desk bound than the previous one, making me feel a bit like an animal in a cage... Adding to this feeling was living in the same house as Melissa and Becky, becoming a little difficult, Melissa wanting to keep fucking me while she was on the dating scene, Becky giving me shit about fucking Melissa...all that sort of thing. 

The final clincher was probably when Suzie called me one day, did I have some time during the day to give her a good shafting? Anyway to cut a long story short, I was naked, fucking Suzie on the dining table of our flat when Melissa walked in. Mel stood there rooted to the spot as Suzie had her dress up around her waist, tits out as I was sucking on them, her highheeled feet locked together behind my back. 

I didn't initially realise Melissa was standing behind me, and even when I did I just kept pumping my dick into Suzie, cumming in short order. As I pulled out with my dick now partly deflated I faced Melissa, who was torn between looking at my cock with lust and my face with anger. She didn't say a word, just turned and walked out the door. 

Suzie just lay back grinning, she was up to date with my dalliances so she knew the difficult situation my dick had just gotten me into. Before Mel had started her car I had my face in Suzie's freshly creamed cunt and was licking her clit to bring her off once more. 

A few weeks earlier an old colleague and friend suggested we get a flat together, given the current situation this now seemed like a good idea. I had known Sarah for years, since she had been the accountant's assistant when we worked together, now she'd come back from the UK she wanted to rent a house before buying one. Her new job as accountant, or financial officer as her business card read, had her working long hours and since we'd known each other for a long time she felt comfortable with my company. 

Sarah knew a little of my hobby, but as she'd been in the UK for a couple of years her idea of my womanising was out of date. Nevertheless, she accepted me as I was and never commented adversely on my penchant for loving and leaving women.... As long as I left her alone, that was the only proviso she had. 

We went to a real estate agent to help us find a suitable house, Sarah taking care to find something to her liking. So we ended up living in a 2 bedroom house with a conservatory out back, a sizeable deck, 6 foot high solid wood fence for privacy and low maintenance garden. Sarah liked the deck and fence as it allowed her to sunbathe in the nude, as and when time and weather allowed. On a few occasions I joined her, both of us completely naked and yet comfortable together, much to my surprise given that Sarah had made it clear I was to keep my hands off...which I did. 

During one of our sunning sessions Sarah mentioned that she'd seen movement from the curtain in the house behind ours. This house was occupied by a lady who was in her late fifties, from all accounts she appeared rather prim and proper, had a fair bit of money but obviously enjoyed a bit of a perve..... You should get one of your fuck buddies to screw you on the deck, give her a real thrill, Sarah suggested. 

Well actually, Suzie was here last week, perhaps she saw us doing it here, I remarked. Sarah's eyes went a little wide at this point, saying, go on spill the details then you horny little bastard! When I went on to explain Suzie had come over early afternoon on my day off, wearing just her favourite sundress and high heels, then fucked me on the outdoor table. Oh, so that stain on the deck is cum and fanny juice is it, Sarah said with a lusty look on her face... Could be, I admitted. 

Judging by how your cock is swelling up now you might be ready for a repeat performance, Sarah said. Anyway, Sarah continued, did I mention to you that Anne-Marie, our backyard neighbour, was over here yesterday? She was wondering if you had time, in addition to looking after our garden, you had time to do her lawn mowing and hedge trimming on your days off as well, she's said something about being happy to pay well for a job well done. But if she's seen you drill Suzie then odds on she wants some of that cock for herself, Sarah slyly commented. 

Just then the curtain in the upstairs window moved slightly, she must have been standing there for quite a while now waiting and watching to see if you're gonna screw me as well Sarah said. So shall I tell her you are keen to take her up on her offer or do you want to tell her yourself, Sarah asked. Give her a call tonight and ask her what time tomorrow I should go around for a look at what's involved and to work out a price, I said. Instead, Sarah grinned broadly, picked up the portable phone and dialled our nextdoor neighbour. Oh hi Anne-Marie, Sarah said with a big smile on her face, was just discussing with my gardener your question of him doing your gardens, here he is. 

With that Sarah passed me the phone, as she held the mute button down she said to me to look at the upstairs window, can you see Anne-Maire standing there looking at us? She obviously can't tell we can see her! Hi Anne-Marie I said as I took the phone from Sarah. We discussed briefly her request, she told me her regular gardener had taken ill a couple of months ago and that since then she'd only been mowing the lawns, her hedges and bushed needed a trim etc. 

It felt really odd to be lying on the deck in the nude with Sarah, talking on the phone to the nextdoor neighbour all the while her looking at me.... Anyway, shall I come over later today to have a look or does tomorrow suit you better? Today is my first day off, so there's still tomorrow and day after until I have to go back to real work, I said. I could have imagined it but it almost sounded as though Anne-Marie moaned softly as I said that.... Could you come around late this afternoon, say around 5 o'clock, Anne-Marie asked. Sure I replied, laying back on the sun lounger with my cock semi hard, balls hanging heavy, Sarah smiling a devilish smile at me as she's looking between me and the upstairs window in which Anne-Marie has been standing for the better part of an hour. 

As I turn off the phone Sarah starts to ask me if I will ever have a normal relationship with a woman, stopping as she looks at my swollen cock, then changing tack as she works thru the options in her head...OK, she says, I must admit that you should just enjoy yourself for as long as you can, and to be honest when I recall how long you were in the shower with that little tart Suzanne that time...the look of bliss on her face when you finally came out...there must be something you're doing right! 

Around 3 in the afternoon Sarah had packed her bags and was off to the airport for her week long conference, leaving me free to prepare for my meeting with Anne-Marie. When her guests left a little before 4 o'clock I just knew she'd be in her upstairs window again, and I made sure I was laying there again with nothing on.... Sure enough, within a minute of her guests' departure her shadow appeared in the window, I couldn't resist to give my cock a bit of a stroking, fondling my balls at the same time, enjoying the fact that this older lady was perving at me, no doubt getting her fanny wet at the prospect of getting a chance to ride on my fat dick! 

I must admit I was a little surprised when the phone rang, it was Anne-Marie, saying that how her visitors had left earlier than expected I could come around now if it suited me. She knew damn well I was free, apart from the fact I was holding my cock in one hand, my ball hand now holding the phone. OK, I said, will see you in a minute then. As I put the phone down next to me I slipped on my gym shorts and singlet, stepped into my slides and walked towards the back gate that lead onto Anne-Marie's driveway, guessing that my dick would soon be driving into her mature fanny..... 

The front door opened before I even knocked, wow I thought, she's even more eager than me?? To be honest, I had only seen Anne-Marie a few times before, now she was standing in front of me wearing a knee length short sleeved summer dress and chunky soled mules to give her slim 5'6" frame a bit of a lift. As I shook her slightly trembling hand I couldn't help but notice her hard nipples poking thru the yellow fabric, the low cut of the dress putting them within an inch of the edge of the fabric, the yellow nicely offset against her golden brown tan. 

As I closed the door behind me I caught her looking at the outline of my cock that showed thru my gym shorts, Anne-Marie seemed to be caught up in her own little daydream so I just stood there for a few seconds letting her stare at my shorts. When she snapped out of her daydream she blushed bright red as I caught her looking. Then when I took off my singlet and dropped my shorts to reveal my semi hard cock the look on her face changed from embarrassment to lust, her tongue licking her lips. 

Anne-Marie came to me, bent at the hips and took my cock between her lips, sucking on it while cupping my balls firmly. For several minutes she sucked, licked and stroked my throbbing dick, slurping loudly as she pumped her mouth up and down my cock. Taking charge, I pulled out of her mouth and moved in behind her, hiked up her dress and found no underwear covering her mature butt....she sure was ready for a good shafting! 

As I moved into position Anne-Marie reached between her legs for my rockhard cock and positioned my knob at the entrance to her hairy cunt. Slowly I pushed the head of my dick into her hot juicy snatch, ever so slowly parting her swollen cuntlips. As I pushed further in, Anne-Marie let out a long low moan and without warning she pushed back roughly, causing my dick to slide balldeep into her hairy cunt. I grasped her by the hips and started fucking her at a steady rhythm, while she held onto her hall table for support. For several minutes my balls bounced against her juicy clit, then when she came her knees started to give out and I let her slide onto the ground. As Anne-Marie lay down on the hallway floor I slid in between her legs face first and started sucking on her juicy swollen cuntlips, occasionally licking her clit, causing her to moan loudly. It took only a minute or two for her to come again, then after I'd licked her to another orgasm she begged me to stick my dick back into her dripping wet box. When I spread her legs wide, I slipped the head of my dick into her again, then unbuttoned the front of her dress to release her titties. As I simultaneously dicked her and sucked her nipples she started squirming in earnest, and at that point her mouth began spouting a continuous tirade of fuck me, drill me with your cock, hammer my old cunt with your young cock, spunk me good, ream my snatch and so forth. 

I had never guessed this apparently prim and proper lady had such a penchant for cock! Remembering what Maggie had taught me in my earlier years, I had my dick inside Anne-Marie for about half an hour before I creamed her. By the look on her face I knew she would be begging me to dick her over and over again. 

I have to admit I took great delight in allowing Anne-Marie about ten minutes cooling off before I started reaming her again, her face taking on a look of sheer disbelief as I placed my big cock at the entrance to her hairy snatch and started drilling into her again. In the first two hours I was inside her house my cock was inside her juicy cunt for over an hour, she admitted to me that she hadn't had that much cock inside her in more than two years.... 

For the next two days that I was off work, I must have fucked her about a dozen times, glad to be able to go back to work for a rest I tell you! Didn't get any gardening done either, although she did tell me she had a couple of lonely lady friends who'd love to be on the receiving end of some young stiff cock. 

We did eventually get around to talking about the gardening, with Anne-Marie suggesting I start on the gardening on my next day off, while she and Rose watched. Now Rose was in her early sixties and while not exactly slim was fit and sprightly with a twinkle in her eye that was rather mischievous. Rose and Anne-Marie arrived on the deck as I was on the last few laps of mowing Anne-Marie's lawn, my gym shorts soaked with sweat and thus clinging to my semi hard cock nicely. As I put the mower away I saw Rose look me up and down, stepping onto the deck Anne-Marie playfully said that I was not allowed to wear anything whilst in their presence. Rose's mouth dropped a little at this, but when I stepped out of my shorts without any hesitation her face broke into a grin, and I swear I saw her nipples heave as she saw my dick swelling up nicely. 

Being the bold lover she was, Anne-Marie was on her knees in no time and had my dick in her mouth, she just loved sucking on it and feeling it swell to full hardness between her lips. After watching for a minute or two Rose joined Anne-Marie on the deck, both women now taking turns at sucking on my young cock and squeezing my nuts. Seeing two women old enough to be your mother sucking your dick is a little strange at first, but hey, who am I to judge? 

As Anne-Marie was sucking me she got her blouse unbuttoned and her bra off, then when she let Rose go at my dick alone she wriggled out of her slacks and dropped her knickers on the deck. Sitting back on the barbecue table Anne-Marie playfully told me it was time to get serious. Rose was now looking on quite shocked, she'd not seen her friend undress, but she watched with wide eyes as I moved over to the table and drove my cock into Anne-Marie's mature snatch in one swift stroke. As my cock hit bottom Anne-Marie's head dropped back and her breathing became a little ragged. Knowing full well that I would be hard for a fair while Anne-Marie was in no hurry to cum, instead she enjoyed my varying pace and depth, alternately kissing her and sucking her huge nipples into my mouth. 

After a good ten minutes or so of shafting her deliciously wet cunt Anne-Marie lay back down completely and told me to give it to her good and to Rose she said: You better get your knickers off girl, he's gonna screw you next if you're game. To be honest I hadn't thought much about Rose once my dick went into Anne-Marie, looking at Rose she had this glazed look of lust on her face that was a sight to see I tell you! As Anne-Marie came down from her second or third orgasm, I saw that Rose had her clothes off completely and was sitting on the edge of a sun lounger. Taking a beach towel onto the lawn I took Rose's hand and led her onto the freshly trimmed lawn, got her bum on the beach towel and started to gently kiss her. Both her hands went for my cock, still rockhard and coated in Anne-Marie's juices. As I gently rolled her nipples between my fingers she flinched and shuddered lightly. Laying her down flat on her back, drenched in sun I started to kiss my way down Rose's tanned body. 

When my tongue slipped in between her cunt lips she twitched violently and tried to push my head aside. By now Anne-Marie was alongside her and quietly told Rose to let me lick her fanny. Once I got into position between her legs it took not long at all to bring Rose to orgasm, but by the time I had sucked her clit into my mouth several times she just couldn't handle any more tonguing. Anne-Marie just looked at me, softly told me to make love to Rose with my beautiful young cock. 

Rose just looked into my eyes as I pushed her legs apart and aimed my throbbing dick at her fanny. As the head nudged her clit she let out a loud moan, Anne-Marie telling her to keep it down, then when I slowly pushed into her bit by bit she moaned over and over...oh damn that's good, yeah give me some yummy dick young fella, ooohhhh, aaahhh, being the most intelligent thing after that. She closed her eyes as I fucked her surprisingly tight pussy for about 15 minutes or so, her cumming every 3 or 4 minutes, then as she started to go dry Anne-Marie took her place on the towel, Rose just rolled aside a little and then watched on in wonder as I rammed Anne-Marie's hot little snatch hard and fast.... 

Pull out and spray it on me Anne-Marie asked as she sensed me approaching orgasm. As you wish M'am, I replied in a subservient manner as I continued to pound into her, then as I was almost there I pulled out and immediately Rose grabbed my throbbing dick and jerked me rapidly and forcefully until I sprayed my cum onto Anne-Marie's stomach, one shot ending up in her hair, another in her face, the remainder on her boobs and tummy. Wow, the ladies went, that was some load you blew there young man! 

As Rose lovingly milked the last few drops of cum from my softening shaft I couldn't help but wonder where this deviant lifestyle was leading me.... Rose commented that it would do her husband good to watch me fuck her, it would give him some pointers she said harshly, but then his dick wouldn't stay nice and stiff like this young man's now would it? Oh man, this is all I need, thinking to myself...