 For the summer months Anne-Marie is happy with the way I look after her garden, even more happy how I look after her neglected old fanny, but towards the end of summer she comes up with a strange request. 

What she wants is for me to fuck her in her garden, and to let us be caught by one of the snobby younger ladies from her bowls club. Given that she is such a size queen I really want to see the look on Stephanie's face when she sees your big young cock slamming into my hairy box, I want her to see that I am getting a whole lot of cock, and good, big, hard, quality, young cock and getting my insides sprayed with loads of young spunk would be the icing on the cake. Reckon you can handle shafting me knowing you've got a critical snobby bitch watching your performance, Anne-Marie asked me. 

I will get Rose to tell her some gossip about me having a nice young man to tend to my needs, Steph will only be too eager to check if Rose lets on she knows how to catch us at it Anne-Marie grinned... So there I was a few weeks later on a nice hot March weekday afternoon, playing around in the garden with Anne-Marie. Rose had told us she'd get Steph around at 1.30 in the afternoon. 

The scenario we'd set up was a simple one, beach towel on the lawn around the side of the house, in full view of anyone walking around to the back garden and patio. I was to lay on my back, my legs towards the side of the house from where Rose and Steph would be approaching, Anne-Marie riding on my nice fat long dick, both of us stark naked of course. 

Anne-Marie and I were hard at it when a minute after 1.30 Rose's car pulled up in the driveway, and we heard the voices of both ladies going first to the front door, then coming around the side of the house to where Anne-Marie was riding me. 

Well, Rose and Stephanie sure saw us going at it, both stayed glued to the spot. Rose with a look of mock horror on her face, but Steph's eyes were glued to my fat throbbing cock sliding in and out of Anne-Marie's snatch. Anne-Marie whispered in my ear that I should roll her over and climb on top to finish off with the spunk spraying finale. 

Without a hitch, Anne-Marie rolled onto her back, my dick never leaving her tight hairy cunt. As I kissed Anne-Marie she whispered some more into my ear, I love this feeling, Steph is looking really really pissed but she can't stop staring at your big cock sliding into my old cunt.... I love the way your cock feels going into me, your nuts banging against my bum.... now slam me hard and pull out when you're ready to cum young man!!! 

Feeling like this was going to be the performance of a lifetime I spread my legs wide to allow Steph and Rose a good look at my thick shaft sliding into Anne-Marie, as well as my heavy balls banging against her bum. Resting on my elbows and knees I was relishing my audience and Anne-Marie's whispered commentary. It was one damn horny feeling!! 

Anne-Marie's cunt was absolutely soaking wet, squelching and squishing as I shafted her hairy cunt, my balls beginning to ache from banging against her arse. For the next 10 minutes I shafted Anne-Marie's fanny hard, slow, shallow, deep and all variations in between. From the corner of my eye I could see Steph standing there with one hand down her slacks, frigging her clit furiously, while Rose had her blouse open, pinching her nipples and her skirt around her waist with one hand buried knuckle deep in her snatch. 

I remember thinking at the time that things were really getting out of control, right before pulling out and spraying my spunk onto Anne-Marie's sun drenched body. I swear I could hear three sets of moans, in effect getting Anne-Marie, Rose and Steph off more or less at the same time, weird as that may sound..... 

Soon as I had finished spraying my spunk, Rose and Steph took off, leaving Anne-Marie laying there with the biggest grin ever, she was the cat that got the cream so to speak. Even though this scenario was quite exciting it also felt bloody weird, as in being used again, it was no longer just about sex, it was about being used to fulfil someone else's agenda, scoring points on things that didn't concern me. 

When I thought about it afterwards, what the hell was I thinking getting in between Anne-Marie and Steph, what did I care about their little cat fight?? Nevertheless I still fucked Anne-Marie and her friend Rose many more times over that summer, the girls enjoying my eveready cock that reminded them of their youth and me enjoying the feeling of pussy on tap in my own backyard, even if the hunger they had for my cock was becoming a little scary. 

The funny part was that Anne-Marie was paying very well for me looking after her garden, probably more than ten times worth the gardening being done. OK, so I was her gigolo, but then again she was getting her money's worth...