 I had also put some adverts in contact magazines and it brought a steady trickle of replies. Going thru the act of meeting someone with the only purpose being that you'd be fucking them basically there and then was initially very exciting.... 

I had a mixed response of women and couples, with a pretty low success rate. By that I mean that only a few of these women and couples actually turned me on, in most of the cases the couples were in some sort of emotional turmoil, either on the verge of breaking up or the guy pressuring his wife to fuck another man while he watched. Now I am not a mind reader but I can read what's going on well enough to recognize such cases to avoid getting involved.... 

There were however a few interesting meetings. One of the first women that I found intriguing was a big boned tall part Maori part Polynesian girl in her late twenties, she had a soft spot for white guys and I have always been fond of darker skin...amongst many other things.... 

Leonie worked for a company that supplied airline food, her working of shifts enabled us getting together during the day. After meeting for breakfast at McD's, during which she kept teasing me by licking her plump lips we wasted little time in making our way to her little flat which she shared with one other woman. 

Leonie was not into wasting time, she kissed me briefly while undoing my pants, tugged them down and yanked off my shirt...before getting to sucking on my nipples rather hard, I helped her strip her gear off and soon there were just hands running all over naked flesh...Next she got a rubber out, tugged on my dick a few times just to make sure it was ready for wrapping and once the condom was rolled down she lay on her back, legs spread and beckoned me to drive my rubber soldier into her chocolate pink folds....

No mucking around, I'd met this woman less than an hour earlier and here I was with my cock stuck in her box....After fucking her for only a few minutes she announced she wanted it up her arse and without waiting for a reply, pushed me off, rolled over and lay face on the ground with a pillow under her tummy to give her arse a bit of a lift. As there had been a fair bit of cunt juice run down between her arse cheeks it looked like her bum was ready for entry, as if to push the point somewhat she grabbed her cheeks, pulled them apart and told me to hurry up...stick that white cock of yours between my choccy cheeks..... come on white boy, fuck my arse, fuck me good....

She had dropped her prim and proper face, now revealing that she was a cock loving hot blooded woman, laying starkers on the lounge floor, sweating in the summer heat...arse full of white cock and running the risk of carpet burn on her tits! Still, I was not going to complain now was I? When she came, rather noisily I might add, her arse basically just ejected me in a few squeezes, I just couldn't keep my dick inside her bumhole...the twitching and convulsing that happened when she came was too violent for me to stay put. 

She didn't mind too much, even though she made it clear she wanted me to make a bigger effort next time, saying that she wanted me to make sure I rammed my dick hard into her arse next time she was cumming.... Now get up and remove the rubber white boy, she ordered. The condom peeled off, she dragged me over to a window that looked right into the flat next to her... Leonie told me she wanted the white bitch next door to see she had a white boy here with a nice fat boner for her...and she wanted to make sure the bitch next door saw Leonie give me a good sucking....

Not sure what I thought of all this, seemed like these girls had been in a catfight?? The prospect of Leonie wrapping her plump lips around my dick was enough to convince me to just do as the lady wanted. As she perched herself on a footstool, she got me in position about 3 feet inside the curtainless floor to ceiling window, side on just to make sure the woman next door got a nice silhouette view.... I didn't see anyone next door, but Leonie would occasionally stop sucking, then while wanking me firmly she'd look across the way for any sign of life...she really wanted this woman to see her with a mouthful of white cock!! 

Come on white boy, grab my head and fuck my mouth, she would say...then when I'd have her head in my hands she'd take hold of her tits, rolling her nipples....the sounds of my dick being devoured, her cooing and groaning, the sensation of the woman next door possibly watching was rather intense...

When Leonie took turns sucking my cock and then my balls I knew I couldn't hold out very long...when I got close to cumming she told me she wanted me to pull out and make sure to spray my spunk on her tits and face... I duly pulled out of her mouth and shot my load onto her boobs, some onto her face and when I was done she took my softening dick into her mouth and gave me a long slow suck as she withdrew me. Leonie made a big show of standing up in front of the window and taking a bow, then giving the next door flat the finger...but I never saw a response so I didn't know whether there was even anyone home at the time... 

This whole experience left me feeling used as a pawn in someone else's game, nice but puzzling....I didn't enjoy the prospect of repeating this performance so I never went back to Leonie again...