 Another, more pleasant response came when I got a call from a young guy who wanted me to join in with him and his girlfriend...he said she wanted to have a threesome and he wanted to watch her getting shafted by another guy... 

I met them on a Saturday afternoon at a place they were house sitting, Mandy and Darren being both very young, Mandy reckoned she was 18 and Darren 19...me now feeling like the older generation at 29.... We talked for a long time, I didn't want to push them as both looked nervous at first. 

Mandy was a brunette with hair to her lower back (a nuisance in bed as I'd later find out) and while quite tall at maybe 5'8" she still had her puppy fat, something which she commented she was desperate to get rid of. Darren was taller than me, very lean, short black hair. 

We'd had some coffee and I couldn't help but notice that each time Mandy came back from the kitchen her nipples were showing thru her t-shirt, finally she decided we should get into it and to achieve this she took off her t-shirt and came back into the lounge with just her shorts on...her young firm tits proudly topped by hard nipples...her face grinning a little at her bold decision to show me her titties. 

She walked over to Darren, shoved her tits in his face and as he sucked her nips Mandy peeled off her shorts and knickers, now showing me her curvy butt...she dragged Darren out of his chair, urged him to take his pants off...and me as well, then she got on her knees in front of us, taking turns sucking on our now stiff dicks. 

Darren was smiling as he watched Mandy take my cock into her mouth while looking up at him, tugging on his dick at the same time...yep, she was really into this and I was loving it. Once all our clothes were off we made our way to a bedroom, got onto a huge bed and Darren and I took turns eating Mandy and being sucked by Mandy. 

I'd be licking her bald young cunt, Darren sitting alongside her getting his knob polished, looking down at me as I tongue fucked his girl...I guess it got a bit much for him, he popped off in Mandy's mouth and she promptly spat his spunk back out at him...obviously not a taste to her liking! Once Darren moved aside Mandy asked me to come up and lay beside her...she then went down on me, slurping my dick down as far as she could but her lack of technique was obvious...not to worry, she jumped on top of me and before I could even get my hands onto her young boobs she had my dick in her cunt. 

From here it took her only a minute or two before she came, her young body slumping down on top of me briefly before she continued riding my dick. Darren was now alongside again, his dick poking out ready for more. Mandy got off, and resumed sucking my knob, Darren got in behind her and began shafting her from behind, his thrusting causing Mandy to gag on my dick as he forced her forward. I was wondering how long it would take for Mandy to cum again, not long as I would soon find, she took her mouth off my dick (thankfully) as Darren slammed her hard and then shortly after she came he shuddered as well and as he pulled out he sprayed his seed on Mandy's back. Now the look on Mandy's face was pure lust as she took my cock into her mouth again, now sucking very vigorously before once more jumping onto my cock. 

Her young pussy was now really wet, her juices making it really easy for her to get into a wild bouncing on my shaft, her tits moving to the rhythm as she ground herself down...just using my stiff shaft to get her off once more. I rolled her over, my cock never leaving her young cunt and got her spread out nicely before settling into a steady fulldepth thrusting. 

Her smiling face told the story...I love it, keep doing it...She came once more, then began urging me to fill her up, almost begging me to fill her with my seed...I had shafted her for maybe 20 minutes or so when she whispered in my ear to let go, gripping my bum as I was abusing her young fanny with my dick...then I emptied my sack in her, staying put with her legs spread and feeling my spunk running out alongside my softening dick. 

Mandy and Darren looked at each other, both grinning from ear to ear at their first threesome...I saw them again a few times but it was Darren's inability to cope with my longlife cock that began turning Mandy more towards me, he began feeling left out, what with his girl spending most of our time together just grinding herself to orgasm on my dick...Not my fault that I got trained well at the beginning of my sexual life?? 

It was when Mandy began inviting me over whilst Darren was away at work that things got weirder. The first time I walked in the door, Mandy was stark naked already, she dropped to her knees as soon as the door closed and ripped my shorts off just so she could suck my cock into her mouth....

After sucking on my now throbbing fuckstick for a few minutes she'd managed to get my shorts off completely. Laying back on the hallway rug spreadeagled she dragged me down in between her thighs, still holding onto my dick....and didn't let go until I thrust my fat shaft into her juicy young snatch. She chose this moment to announce that Darren wouldn't be joining us, she just wanted to spend a session with my cock buried inside her, adding that Darren was getting jealous.

Oh, the morality of it all, here I find myself yet again, balldeep in someone else's woman.... But once you've started something you gotta finish it I believe...so I gave Mandy a good solid rogering, fucking her cunt until it started to go dry, then got her into the doggy position, licked her young virgin arsehole so it was nice and wet...then slowly deflowered her backdoor. This really got her screaming once she overcame the initial shock of my fat prong prying her arse open, then when she started fingering her clit she went off like a rocket. 

Her moaning was so loud I was worried the neighbours would call the police, then as she started to cum her arsehole pinched up tight repeatedly. I had to hang on for dear life to keep my cock buried in her yummy butt, eventually getting into some serious arse fucking. 

Mandy was giving me a continuous commentary and encouraging me to ream her tight virgin arse harder, slam her faster...this young chick was making me feel old. I finally dropped my load in her bum, which by now was as well lubed as her cunt had been earlier. 

Then as we slumped together on the hallway floor for a couple of minutes she asked me I would be keen to fuck her mother....Apparently she'd been telling her mom about me, how I could shaft for ages, go several rounds, eat pussy with a passion etc. Oh, and her daddy would like to watch while I shafted her mom....that was a little out of left field for me....

Ehh, no I didn't go there. Perhaps I should have, but it just didn't seem like a good idea at the time. Morality finally catching up with me? Maybe...