 I had another similar experience, but this time with a much older couple, the guy being in his early sixties and his wife in her late fifties. 

His problem was no boner on account of medication that he was on, so he figured he'd get a stand-in cock to do his fucking for him. First met Vern and Debbie at a motel at Parakai, big indoor hot pool and all that, we sat around and talked for a bit, Vern explained his motives while Debbie was stroking my leg under the water... His plan was for me to meet up with them every month, give Debbie a good seeing to and that would be it. 

They were fairly well off, had a big campervan that they cruised around in regularly and Vern spent only a few days a week at his business. Vern was a tall and imposing man, shame about the limp dick syndrome...Debbie on the other had was pretty short at maybe 5'2" or 5'3" and while not exactly fat she was well rounded in all the right places! 

So after laying out the plan, while sitting in the hot pool it comes as no surprise to me that Debbie is getting close to rubbing my crotch as her hubby and I agree on me 'auditioning' for stand-in dick. As Vern turns to Debbie to ask her what she thinks, she's already ahead of him, her hand now wrapped around my fully erect dick. Debbie tells Vern she'll have to use me first to see if I'm any good and starts to straddle my legs, never letting go of my shaft. Now sitting astride my legs she gets both hands on my rigid member, massaging my nuts, describing to her hubby how hard I am, how thick my shaft is...how she wants to just climb on top of it right now... 

Vern is looking at me in an approving way, watching his wife get all hot while stroking another guys cock in front of him. Getting out of the pool we dry each other off and for the first time I see how nicely trimmed Debbie's cunt is, bald around the cuntlips, with a close cropped tuft above her clit being all there is...perfect for muff diving I thought... 

Debbie may have been reading my mind because she lays down on the edge of the bed, legs spread slightly. I kneel down and plant my face between her thighs, going directly for her fanny, she's soaking wet...well, her hubby and her had been at the motel for a few hours already... Lapping at Deb's fanny she is softly stroking my head, making soft moaning sounds as I tongue her hole, suck her lips into my mouth and then begin flicking her clit...she cums pretty soon. 

Sitting up, she reaches for my stiff prick and drags me onto the bed, pulls me in between her spread legs and as she positions my dick at her juicy fuckhole with one hand, she's got another on my bum. Fingernails digging in firmly...as if to make sure I don't pull away....little did she know I wouldn't want to pull back now, my cock can feel the heat from her well licked pussy and as soon as I get my knob in I don't hesitate to simply drive my whole length up her fanny, balls ending up against her plump arse in one swift stroke. As I hit bottom all I hear is breath escaping from Debbie as she exhales slowly and as I stay all the way in her hot hole she moans low and looks at her hubby...pretty good so far, she whimpers at him, now let's see if he can pump... 

At this she looks at me and issues a stern order: now pump me, let me feel your nuts slap against my fat arse, plough my cunt with your big cock....How could I resist? Getting into a rhythm, she keeps asking for me to pound her harder, then when I really bang my dick into her hard a few times she whimpers and cums forcefully, her legs pulling my body into hers and holding me fully inside her for a few moments. 

When, after fucking her for a while longer, I feel her cunt start to go dry I figure it's best to pump my seed into her, filling her with a nice sticky load of lube for the next round... We lay on the bed for a while, Deb stroking my body, talking small talk, when she started rubbing my balls and cock I thought she wanted more. 

My dick promptly responded and Deb looked surprised when, without asking I pushed her back, spread her legs and drove my cock into her again...Vern looking on in amazement as I did, Deb's pussy couldn't handle this for more than a few minutes though so I pulled out and straddled her chest, her hands taking hold of my dick and jerking me off expertly onto her boobs... 

I met Vern and Debbie only a few more times, using their big campervan as meeting place, Deb's fanny just didn't have enough lube for extended riding sessions.... What Debbie really wanted was to be fucked briefly, she enjoyed having a rockhard cock up her cunt, but what got her off was to feel a guy cum inside her. The feeling of a big load of spunk oozing out of her box, running onto her thighs was her ultimate goal.

One suggestion that I came up with was to bring one of my regular lovers, Deb and Vern could watch....then Deb would get her wish, a cunt full of hot spunk. We tried this once, Suzanne readily agreeing to this weird foursome.

As I took Suzanne to the waterfront where Deb and Vern's big campervan was parked, I could tell she was immensely turned on by the prospect of fucking in front of a captive audience so to speak, especially since this was arranged in advance. Debbie lovingly peeled off my shirt and then fondled my cock thru my shorts...squeezing my shaft firmly and cupping my heavy nuts...

Suzanne slipped her flimsy sundress over her head to reveal her firm body, Vern just sitting there stroking his half hard cock. Then when Deb sucked my cock for a while, Suzanne gave Vern a bit of a blowjob, but his dick just did not respond...shame really, as he was looking at Suzanne with lust!!

Deb pretty much ordered me to fuck Suzanne, urging me to fuck her cunt hard...telling me she wanted to see my big balls banging against Sue's tight arse. As I banged away at Suzanne's juicy snatch Deb was gently feeling my thighs, occasionally grabbing hold of my nuts as I slowed to a leisurely pace...the intensity of this situation was a fucking big turnon....

After about half an hour of sliding in and out of Suzanne's hot box in several positions Deb was getting impatient, Vern was just watching intently and continued to stroke his limp dick slowly. Then Deb crawled alongside Suzanne on the big bed and playfully tapped her on the shoulder...my turn yet she asked. Suzanne had cum three or four times already, but it didn't seem right now as if she was willing to let my cock depart her yummy cunt.

Nevertheless, Suzanne told me to move over, get ready to pump your balls empty into Deb!! My turn to watch that beautiful fat cock of yours, now get on with it and ram it up Debbie's juicy hole, Suzanne added with a husky voice. This was weird at the time, but my dick was just throbbing away happily as I pulled out of Suzanne, moved in between Deb's spread thighs and slid into her soaking wet slot with ease.

For the next ten minutes or so I alternated the pace, relishing the extreme wetness of Deb's cunt. After Deb came the second time, both Suzanne and Deb were urging me to "dump that big load" into her hungry box. Picking up the pace I slammed into Deb's box hard and fast, finally staying buried to the hilt in her hole and pumping my seed into her....damn that felt good!

Suzanne tenderly stroked my bum and balls as I stayed deep in Deb's soaking snatch, my hardness now rapidly subsiding. Pulling out of Deb, her cunt squelched long and loud as I slowly eased my well used dick from her swollen lips. Deb just lay there with a grin, saying thanks to both Suzanne and myself.

As Suzanne put her sundress back on and slipped into her sandals, Deb said to Vern: let's go for a bit of a walk along the waterfront here, I wanna feel that big load of spunk oozing onto my thighs in the summer heat! So within a couple of minutes of emptying my balls in her, Deb was wearing a light coloured skirt and top. I hopped into my clothes and as we stepped from the camper, Deb and Vern walked one way and Suzanne and I went the other. After half an hour or so we met up along the waterfront and Debbie was wearing this awesome "just got my pussy creamed" grin, she mouthed 'thank you' at me and off they went.

The aftermath of this was that Suzanne got more into public fucking, wanting to be seen getting a cock rammed into her tight snatch. Night time fucks on the beach were not public enough for her, so this led to me sitting on a park bench in a public park during the middle of the day, my cock buried in Sue's juicy hole as she was sitting astride me...kissing tenderly as if nothing were amiss, yeah right!

We had plenty of lusty looks, but luckily we never got into any serious trouble...