 Like I said, I was getting a little tired of the sex without intimacy, but it would take another 2 and a bit years for my big and little head to agree... 

A job came up in a specialised industry, thru an ex colleague who had a brother working in the industry, and at the beginning of 98 I started my initial training. I really enjoyed the quality of equipment used, the training was very thorough and the money was pretty healthy as well. 

The one thing I wasn't sure of was the shiftwork on rotation, initially a 15 day cycle, later a 9 day cycle, meaning my days off would keep moving. As I was quickly to find out, this was a real blessing for someone in my position...plenty of time for daytime fucking and sucking!! 

It also started a brief but frantic period where I screwed lots of women....adding to the conflicting emotions I was having. Once I got thru the training period at work, got settled into a shift pattern etc I resumed my hobby in earnest. 

Still had an advert in Ribald (contact magazine), the replies would come in occasionally, but the majority of interest was created on a couple of internet contact sites. Again, the rapid contact method, online chat and then meeting often took only a day or two. 

I had developed a ruthlessly efficient process of eliminating pretenders, not wasting any time on women who wanted long term relationships....focusing merely on those who had the nerve to tell me that all they wanted was a hard cock to play with. 

It was here that I was first got in touch with another couple, Tina and Alan, in their early forties. Alan contacted me, explained he suffered from premature ejaculation and to make a long story short, he simply wanted his wife to get dicked properly every now and then...he also admitted he would like to watch Tina getting fucked. 

I went to meet Alan and Tina at their house, even though both were short and on the chubby side it was the sparkling eyes of Tina that got my attention immediately. After a bit of a chat we worked out that I'd come around to see them in a few days time, when they'd have their teenage daughter was staying with a friend...free to frolick in other words. It was quite exciting how Tina had been looking at me with desire, almost swooning when I told them that for me sex appeal is more to do with attitude, state of mind etc than physical perfection. 

So on the night in question I knocked on Tina and Alan's door and found just Tina by herself, initially looking a bit miffed when she told me that Alan had been delayed at work. Anyway, we got settled on the couch and the phone rang, Alan then telling Tina he'd be another hour at least....go ahead and start without me he told Tina...I heard him say it, and instantly Tina's face changed from being annoyed to being aroused! 

After she put the cordless phone on the coffee table, her hand went up my thigh to grab my crotch firmly and as she stuck her tongue into my mouth she half climbed on top of me. Even though I'd heard Alan tell her to get started without him I didn't expect such a rapid reaction from his wife! Tina got frantic in her efforts to get at my dick once she felt me go hard in no time, almost ripping my pants off me...then as she got her hand wrapped around my shaft she calmed down a little, but by now I had one of my hands up her skirt and without any mucking around I reached her knickers, stuck my hand in and slid two fingers into her damp cunt, using my thumb on her clit... 

This was all it took to make Tina cum, her fingers wrapped around my rockhard cock and me frigging her with one hand. Her cunt clamped itself around my fingers and twitched briefly before Tina slumped onto me for a few seconds. 

I got us to our feet and while kissing her passionately we got all our clothes off, Tina's hands hardly ever leaving my dick and balls...stroking and fondling me slowly but firmly. Her tits were quite small, but the nipples were proudly standing at attention and she loved me sucking on them...biting them gently and stroking her cunt gently with my fingers. 

When I got her laying back on the couch and kissed my way down her belly and then between her thighs she breathed in a panic...are you going to lick my pussy...Alan hasn't done that for so long she whimpered...ooh you bad boy, stick your tongue into me...that's all she said for the time I spent licking and sucking her snatch...she came so quickly when I got to flicking her clit, and she kept cumming several times until she dragged me up onto the couch and aimed my dick into her mouth. 

Opening her mouth wide, she grabbed my arse cheeks as I fed her my dick and once I got myself halfway in she pulled me forward until she gagged around my throbbing shaft. I hadn't even gotten into eating her pussy properly before she's cum, got my dick in her mouth, and now she's asking me to stick it into her...way too fast for my liking, but hey, a lady shall be obeyed right? 

I rolled a rubber onto my dick and without any further fanfare Tina grabs my dick as I get in between her legs, she positions my dick for entry and then lets go. As I slowly drive my whole length into her hungry cunt Tina begins to whimper...first softly, but when I begin fucking her in earnest her whimpering turns into moaning, and she's almost screaming when I start to hammer away at her appreciative snatch...convulsing as I pull back, as if wanting to hold me in her. 

I kiss her in an effort to keep the neighbours from calling the police, and it's while I'm kissing her deeply and my arse is powering my shaft in and out of her that her husband walks into the room...he's somewhat taken aback at first, but before long he's taking his clothes off, showing off a modest but very hard cock. 

We change position, Tina on the couch longways, her face now off the end in order to suck on Alan and as I begin to ram her pussy from behind she cums once more, briefly letting Alan's dick slip from her mouth. It takes Tina only a minute or two to make Alan blow his wad into her mouth, after which he takes a seat to watch the two of us go at each other. 

Tina gets me onto my back on the ground and then proceeds to ride me...announcing to Alan: He's had his big fat cock inside me for more than half an hour already, thanks honey for getting me such a yummy big dick to ride on!! After Tina cums again on top of my cock it's my turn to get on top again, this time I have her husband urging me on: Go on, give it to her, she's loving your dick, slam her dirty little cunt...fuck her like the cock loving slut she is!! 

It's all kinda weird but exciting at the same time and when Tina begs me to pull out and spray her with spunk I don't hesitate...as soon as I withdraw, Tina has her hands unrolling the condom and then starts tugging on my shaft with extreme urgency, her hand almost slamming into my balls as she jerks me off. As I start to cum, the first shot hits her under her chin, the next couple on her tits and the remainder ends up on her tummy and thighs. 

Even though Tina is now sweaty and breathing heavily, like myself, the thing that once again strikes me about her is her eyes, sparkling and looking at me with admiration...as her hands softly milk my dick of its last few drops and gently stroking my balls at the same time. That was really cool she says with a smirk on her face. Once we all get comfy and sit around for a few minutes, Tina gets up asking: Cold drink anyone? 

As Tina brings Alan and I a cold beer she playfully grasps my cock and when it starts to go hard again she shamelessly starts to jerk me off, before getting on her knees in front of my seat. With Alan looking on, Tina is sucking on my rejuvenated prick, fondling my balls firmly, almost squeezing them... Her alternating action of sucking, biting and licking me is awesome, but when her eyes look up at me with that cheeky sparkle it gets pretty hard to hold back...then when she announces that she wants it in her mouth, while licking my knob slowly...oh man, I can only hold out for a minute or two more, then let go in her mouth...all while Alan is looking on! 

The result from this initial meeting was a surprising one, Alan telling Tina and I that we should feel free to get together anytime we wanted, providing it wouldn't interfere with Tina's work or her being a good mother to their daughter. He went on, saying it was OK by him for me to visit their house anytime their daughter was not home, fuck Tina silly and then go again, or stay the night if that's what I wanted....

In effect, he was giving his wife the freedom to use and abuse me whenever she wanted!! Over the next year I fucked Tina regularly, both at her house and at the flat I was staying at. Tina took great delight in the fact she could ride herself to orgasm on my dick without running the risk of me losing my load prematurely... 

She also revealed herself as an ardent fan of getting right into fucking the minute I'd walk in the door. Tina went as far as changing her hallway table for a solid chest, with the right height for screwing her on... 

On several occasions I'd knock on the door and she'd say come in...and I'd find her sitting on the hallway chest, naked, legs spread and pussy wet...ready for my cock. Tina would look on with her sparkling eyes as I'd close the door, drop my shorts and in a matter of a few seconds she'd have my stiff dick inside her wet fanny. 

In the afterglow of our many fucking sessions, Tina would describe to me how wet she'd get watching me close the door, drop my shorts and just shove my thick cock into her waiting pussy, all in the space of maybe ten seconds!! Whenever I want to get myself off with my fingers, that is the image that will do it for me....she's saying as she's got her fingers tickling her clit. Just thinking of the door closing, your cock just ramming into me so soon... so hard, so big, oohhh she's groaning as she's cumming right there beside me.

All in all Tina was very appreciative of my dicking her, often commenting how people looked down on her in her job as merchandiser, simply because she wasn't young, blonde and slim... But she said that whenever she felt like smiling she'd think of my throbbing cock, how good it felt when I drove my rigid shaft deep inside her cunt, how she loved to feel my balls banging against her bum as I pounded her, how she loved sucking me off, how quick I would get hard and how long I could keep fucking her, how she loved watching my spunk fly onto her naked skin, and especially how I would drive my tongue into her hairy cunt...tongue fucking her wet hole and suck on her clit.... 

We had a whole lot of sexy fun, Tina often turning up unannounced at the one bedroom flat I moved into close to my work, this eventually leading to her finding another woman riding the cock she adored. Even though Tina was well aware that I was screwing other women at the same time as I was fucking her, she obviously wasn't prepared to actually see my dick going into another woman. 

Perhaps it had something to do with this other woman being younger, taller, slimmer and better looking than herself? I should have known better than to take women home to my place, makes things too complicated.... Tina had always suffered a bit from low self esteem, now I had to think of a way to rectify this situation, little did I know that this opportunity would soon present itself....