 Table for Six is where I met the woman that Tina found riding on my dick on that fateful day. I had been going to a Table for Six dinner every second week for a while, in an effort to find a woman who wanted more than just a ride on my dick.... 

Strange how contradictory men are isn't it? When we are getting lots of meaningless sex we want emotional attachment and when we have that we just want the other?? 

But OK, at one dinner I met Simone and she broke the rules by giving me her business card on the sly, urging me to give her a call, which I did a couple of days later. We started off playing mini golf on the Auckland waterfront, Simone making sure I was looking at her arse or perving on her tits thru her skimpy little top. On the mini golfcourse Simone made a point of grabbing hold of my crotch playfully at every hole, always in such a way as to make sure other, older, women saw her do it. 

No doubt she enjoyed feeling me go hard in seconds of groping my shaft or cupping my heavy nuts. By the time we had lunch my balls felt ready to pop. 

In a way she was the face of a new generation, the young professional woman who simply went out and got what she wanted....in short I got the impression she wanted me, or at least my dick and tongue, and came out to get me! She made no bones about the fact she wanted to sit on my dick, telling me over lunch she was looking forward to riding on my fat cock very soon. 

While I like a forward woman, the way she was telling me this, loud enough for the two older women at the next table to hear and thus look at us, was a little beyond what I was used to. Still, she looked pretty hot, long straight black hair on a very slim tall body and a pair of plastic tits that were a bit too big I thought. 

It came as no surprise that she deftly unzipped me at the cafe we were at and was slowly stroking my rigid shaft, all the while letting the women at the next table see how big and hard I was from her ministrations. 

Simone was relishing how she could stroke me, lick her lips teasingly and look at the women at the next table....getting a jealous look back...all this while I was holding back a big load of cum. On the drive home she pulled her top down, popped her big tits on my thigh while she sucked me off. She never spilled a drop, then sat up with her tits out for the remainder of the drive home, fondling my semi soft dick and balls at the same time as I had one hand in her shorts fingering her bald pussy. 

We came home to my place and in short order she'd dropped her shorts on the ground and was sitting on my face....groping around for my dick. After we 69'd for a short time Simone wrapped a rubber onto my shaft and just climbed onto my dick, using me for her own pleasure, once again I had a woman riding my dick with only her own pleasure in mind! This really sucked, but then her cunt was hideously tight so it was enjoyable for a while...at least until Tina walked in and found Simone slamming down on my dick in the throes of her second or third orgasm...

Instead of making a scene, Tina's face dropped and she walked out... Simone never stopped riding me, even though she saw Tina, I actually thought I saw her smile that Tina caught us at it...as if she got a kick out of it! I felt odd, but feeling Simone's tight juicy box clamped over my dick overruled any other emotions at the time. Simone got her poor little fanny hammered harder and faster than I'd done for a long time. 

By the time I pumped my load into her my balls felt pretty sore from the banging they'd received. She looked at me funny for a second, then got up, got dressed, walked out and I never heard from her again. Guess I wasn't what she was looking for after all huh? Perhaps she figured she'd be able to control me like a little puppy... Anyhow, following this I once more questioned my own moral standards.... 

But it wouldn't be long before I would be at it again, the sheer pleasure derived from driving my fat cock into a slippery wet cunt was too hard to resist. Tina rang me a few days after she'd seen me being ridden by Simone, while she admitted being upset at seeing me being used by another woman she also understood...adding that she'd love to ride me now. 

Thinking of Tina's voluptuous body and her juicy fanny wrapped around my dick I just told her to come on over. Little did I know she was in her car outside my place, talking on her cell phone? She walked in and within a couple of minutes of hanging up the phone she had my dick inside her again, creaming my shaft and balls with her cunt juices, moaning and groaning as she is taking off her top, releasing her tits and pinching her nipples. 

After Tina has a load of cum oozing out of her fanny she's got her head laying on my chest, joking how she wished her new boss could see her getting my big cock rammed into her. Apparently her new boss was a young, blonde bitch who kept teasing Tina about the fact she carried a little too much weight, adding that it must be difficult to get enough cock being a bit of a fatty... 

In reality Tina wasn't overweight at all, in fact you'd be hard pressed to call her voluptuous anymore. She'd lost weight since first meeting me, and our regular fuck sessions were her motivation to slim down a little. She was addicted to my cock sliding into her hot little cunt, and she loved being on top, she wanted to get trimmer and fitter so she'd be able to make us both cum with her on top.... Tina is almost whimpering as she tells me she'd love to see the look in Tracey's eyes if she caught Tina with my cock in her mouth or up her fanny. 

So, thinking back to how Tina caught me with my cock in Simone, what's stopping you then I asked her. With this Tina leans up on her elbows, looks at me and grins, you would be up for that would you? Yeah, why not, you tell me how you wanna do it. Tina ponders this for a second or two, then grins...well, I've already thought about this for a while now, I get myself dripping wet just thinking about it. 

What I would like to do is be on the back deck at my house in the middle of the day. Tracey comes around every Tuesday a little after 11am to drop off the latest promo flyers. If she gets no answer from the front door she always comes out back. If I lay back on the picnic table at the right angle, my legs over your shoulders while you stand and drive your big shaft into me...that would be such a big fucking turnon for me, should shut her up I reckon. I get wet just thinking about that little stuck up bitch seeing my cunt getting filled with your big yummy cock, even better if she could see you spraying a big load of spunk against my wet cunt. 

By now Tina was breathing heavy as she felt my dick twitch against her thigh, this whole story had me pretty excited as well... So when I told her to get on my dining table for a practice run Tina fair leapt off the bed and got her bum on the edge of the table in no time at all. As I grabbed Tina's ankles and lifted them up over my shoulders she rested back onto her elbows, eager to see my dick going into her. 

Holding her ankles on my shoulders I aimed my now throbbing shaft at her juicy cunt, with little effort I slid right inside her and was soon fucking her at a nice rhythm. To get Tina into the role I told her to look over to her right, look at Tracey just standing there with her mouth open, watching your pussy getting drilled..... 

I couldn't help but put more effort into the shafting at that point, grabbing her ankles more forcefully and really ramming my dick into her dripping cunt. By now Tina was moaning, telling me to stop mucking around and give it to her good. Her tits were bouncing around sharply everytime my balls slapped up against her bum. 

Teasingly I told her that I think Tracey is getting jealous watching your cunt getting stuffed like this... We "practiced" this little setup several times, each time with Tina practically screaming in orgasm. 

So on the day of our big performance I was actually rather surprised that not only did Tina go off like a fire cracker, Tracey didn't move from the spot once she saw me fucking Tina. Her eyes appeared transfixed on the spectacle in front of her, I found this a huge turn on and my dick throbbed and twitched like crazy.

For about ten minutes Tracey just stood there, glued to the spot, as I reamed Tina's juicy little hole, pulling out completely a few times just to give Tracey a good look at my throbbing big dick, much to Tina's obvious delight. Tina had cum once before Tracey arrived, then a couple more times as Tracey watched me repeatedly shaft Tina's hungry fuckhole

When I told Tina I was close to cumming she promptly slid down from the table and started sucking my fat cock into her mouth, licking and slurping noisily, completely ignoring the fact Tracey was standing less than 10 feet away. Sensing that I was about to pop, Tina spat out my knob and got into jerking me off. Finding myself in another "cat fight" was actually quite exciting this time around, and I let go willingly once Tina cupped my balls and looked up at me whilst telling me to spray my juice over her. 

At this I looked into Tina's eyes and saw a huge grin of lust and delight on her face, pleased that I'd made her wish a reality. The load I blasted onto Tina's face and chest was a really big one, she copped a couple of shots in her face and hair, several on her tits and one or two flew over her shoulders while she was furiously wanking me off. 

Tracey was still standing on the path, speechless for a few seconds after I'd sprayed Tina with cum. She stammered something along the lines of: I can see you're busy now, I'll give you a call later... Tina's eyes were looking at me with such admiration it was quite moving, even though I'd just taken part in a very intimate yet public display, it didn't feel wrong. Weird I know. 

The best part came as a complete surprise to Tina though when I "accidentally" ran into her in a supermarket where both she and Tracey were doing some work. As I casually tapped Tina on the shoulder Tracey also spotted me, looked at me funny and was about to ask a question. I just said to her: What, you don't recognize me with my clothes on? As Tracey was left speechless once again, Tina embraced me and shamelessly french kissed me, boldly giving my crotch a good solid grope, grinning as she felt my dick grow instantly. 

Her face was one of sheer delight as she grinned the biggest "cat got the cream" grin at me as I told her to stop off at my place on the way home, turned and wandered off to continue my "shopping". Needless to say later that day Tina was horny as hell and also immensely happy that I'd followed up her wish in such a cheeky manner. Tina was so damn horny that she came within the first dozen or so strokes of my cock sliding into her juicy snatch, then after she'd cum a couple more times she just about screamed at me to fuck her up the arse!! Now this was something which we'd talked about before, but never tried.

As I tongued her bumhole briefly, then stuck two fingers into her backdoor, Tina was almost beside herself...ordering me to stop mucking around, shove your rigid pole into my arse already!! 

Slowly I eased my knob past her sphincter, giving her tight bumhole a few seconds to adjust to this feeling. Then when Tina started pushing back onto my dick, reaching for my balls thru her spread legs, commenting how heavy and full my nuts felt...at the same time pushing back furiously onto my throbbing dick....telling me to stop pussy footing around, ram your dick into my arse....well, what's a guy to do but obey a lady's orders?? 

OK, so I rammed her arsehole full of cock, slow at first but getting into a nice steady rhythm. Before long Tina was giving my nuts a fair old squeeze, urging me all the time to pump her backdoor full of sticky spunk! Her demeanour at this time was quite unlike her usual self, almost as though our lovemaking had moved to a different level thru the public display in front of her boss....

The way she's rolling my balls around in their sac, pushing them up against my crotch, is actually getting painful and even though I told her to ease off a little she kept rubbing harder and harder. I guess she wanted me to take control of the situation, so I did. Taking her arm and pushing her face down onto the couch, thus pinning her down, grabbing her by the hair and continually ramming my now redhot dick into her well lubed arsehole, she's now urging me to give it to her good!!

The coarse language coming out of her mouth is really turning me on beyond the norm... Tina is almost shouting at me; Come on, ram me in the arse good, I'm gonna be your cock slut forever, I love your fat cock pounding into me, go on stop mucking around, slam your dick into my arse, I need to be treated like the little slut that I am!!! 

Her breathing is now nothing more than panting, continually yelling at me to drill her arse and fill her up with spunk... as she's twitching and moaning in yet another mind blowing orgasm I reach the point of no return and really ram myself into her backdoor, spewing a good big load of spunk deep into her arse. As I collapse onto Tina's back with my cock still buried deep in her arse we both take a minute or two to regain our breath....wow, Tina exclaims, I never thought that getting shafted up my arse would be that much fun!!

We're both drenched in sweat and as I slowly pull my dick out of Tina's poor abused rectum, it squelches and remains open wide...several big globs of spunk dropping from my knob in the process. Tina is still breathing heavy and the look on her face was sheer animal lust as we headed for the shower to clean up a little.

From this point forth, Tina was pretty keen to be fucked up the arse, even getting to the point where her husband and I double dicked her. 

Nevertheless, for me the end of no commitment sex was in sight, or so I thought, the lady I referred to as the "goddess of sex" would soon be calling me. 

Having met the goddess and her partner at the time, some months before with no result, I was pleasantly surprised to receive a phone call from Jeanette. She really is a special lover, one to whom I could dedicate several chapters...