 The situation with Emma was a little difficult after the gym encounter instigated by Emma, Amanda and Kate. Even though I didn't go to this gym any more, Emma would keep ringing me for repeat visits, she just wanted to get 'serviced' regularly she said. Plus she wanted to become more exhibitionist in our displays of fucking, she really wanted to be seen with her mouth or pussy full of my cock.

This led to an almost disastrous situation at a brand new house that Emma was selling. I was to pose as telephone technician, at the same time a lady sales rep for a blind company would be around to measure up for a blind quotation. I was told by Emma that she knew Wendy, having used her company plenty of times before, but 'cause Wendy was a young hottie, no more than 23, Emma never got the chance to 'make use of' men in their often shared workplace. The way Emma put it, it's time to even things up a bit, even if I have to stack the deck in my favour.

The day in question I turned up a few minutes after Wendy from the blind firm arrived and was discussing with Emma the requirements and choosing what styles for what windows etc, while I busied myself pretending to be connecting wiring in the phone sockets in almost each room of the house.

Somewhere along the way I heard Emma telling Wendy that this phone fella looks a bit of alright, wouldn't mind some of him....that sort of thing, the women giggling away in another room. Funny how in empty houses sound carries a long way....

Anyway, I ended up going into the ceiling space. Being a hot day it was stinking hot up there and I took off my shirt, now just wearing my shorts and the toolbelt, and my workboots of course. As I came down the ladder I heard Emma behind me, whispering to Wendy: Wow, look at those muscles....yummy. Wendy seemed to let out a low appreciative groan....then she dragged Emma into a room. I overheard Wendy saying to Emma; he's mine, just step back you old tart!!

So far, this was working to Emma's plan. As I checked the phone socket in the room where Wendy was measuring she started flirting, to which I did not respond, much to her annoyance. She seemed to struggle with the surprise of this as under most circumstances I would not have hesitated with her.....but this was Emma's playtime.

Disgusted with her lack of success, Wendy moved to the next room, leaving me to look at her tight buns moving underneath her skirt. As she passed Emma in the hallway, Wendy mouthed loud enough for me to hear; If he ain't interested in me, then he's gay! Emma just quietly said; we'll see about that.

So when I moved into the next room, Wendy was just finishing up and as she walked out, Emma walked in.... She asked me how I was getting on. Fine, apart from the heat today, seems pretty hot in here I said with a big grin on my face. Yes, I agree, Emma replied, grinning even broader as she went to the window and opened it.

The breeze that blew in from the open window was a nice relief, but it also brought with it he unmistakeable aroma of Emma's almost permanently hot pussy. As I licked my lips Emma leaned back against the window sill and started hiking her skirt up. As the skirt was fairly short anyway it didn't take long before her swollen pussy came into view, looking like a split peach, yummy yummy!!

Moving a little to the left, I was now kneeling between her feet, leaning forward to kiss her delicious pussy....a moan escaped from Emma's mouth before I even touched her... For the next five or six minutes I licked, sucked and nuzzled her yummy wet puss, the moaning she was doing getting louder and louder.

Then as she started cumming I heard Wendy behind us, she almost yelled at us; You dirty bastard, licking that old tarts box when you could have had mine. I didn't stop licking at all, soon driving Emma over the top, her moaning now loud and uninhibited. I couldn't see Wendy but I sure heard her bitching as she went back to measuring, as though nothing was amiss.

Emma's pussy was just dripping juices, flowing as though a tap had been opened up. Obviously this was a real big turn on for her! To be fair, my dick was twitching away madly....when Emma had cum a second time, she just slumped to the floor on her knees. Your turn Nick, get up on that window sill and drop those shorts! I was a little worried, but at the same time my cock was rampant and my balls were ready to explode.

Emma soon had her mouth full of cock, cupping my heavy nuts and slurping away slowly as I twitched in her mouth. I had my eyes closed for a little while, then when I reopened them I saw Wendy quietly standing in the doorway, observing as Emma slowly devoured my fat shaft, lovingly licking my knob from time to time, sucking on my balls and just ever so slowly wanking me..... I came in Emma's mouth while Wendy silently watched.

No sooner had I pumped my seed into Emma's hot mouth I heard a car pull up outside the house, out hopped Emma's sales manager, a grumpy fella a few years her senior. From the way Wendy was smiling now it became obvious she'd made a phone call to the realtor's office, otherwise Emma's boss would not have turned up.

Emma is quickly on her feet, looking all proper again, if not entirely innocent. I've got my shirt back on, shorts done up, on my knees checking the phone sockets as Emma's boss cheerfully calls out to her. In here, Emma replies, watching Wendy measure in another room form where I am working.

The small talk that followed suggested that Wendy may have called him, but without saying what it was she'd seen. In minutes he was gone again, leaving a frustrated Wendy alone with us again....I'd gotten my rocks off, so had Emma, but Wendy was looking quite hot and bothered.

As Wendy went about her work she eventually slipped me her business card, whispering huskily that she loved my audacity....eating Emma's juicy box under these circumstances....pausing briefly....then adding that she'd love to have a go at sucking a few loads out of my nice fat cock....gently stroking my crotch a few times as she said it.

Well, I started, to be honest I prefer women a little older than myself. This caused her to abruptly withdraw her hand from my crotch, turning on her heel and stalking off. Emma caught this little display from a distance, giving me a thumbs up along with a big wink....yep, she was a nuaghty one, Emma.

Loads of fun can be had with the right woman, or women, but I was getting tired of just being used...OK, some may say my life experience to date was pretty awesome, but in reality it was becoming a more shallow and meaningless existence as time passed. 

Simply sticking your cock into a woman's mouth or up her juicy cunt without some emotional connection ceases to be interesting eventually. For me this end was now very near....