 Prologue

The following is an exact account of actual events as told to me by Mrs. Jacobs. I should know these are true because I am her therapist... or was. She came to see me almost a year ago. Her husband was cheating on her so she did what many women do in such circumstances. She decided to get revenge and, like most women that seek revenge, was confused about where her life was headed and what she should do next.

As I do with many of my patients I used hypnosis on Mrs. Jacobs so that she could recall exactly what happened down to the smallest detail. You may laugh, but believe me it works. These are the transcripts of the recordings I made during the sessions with her. At the first session I took Mrs. Jacobs back to the moment that she first learned of her husband's infidelity.

Session 1, Mrs. Jacobs under Hypnosis – Transcript

It is Tuesday evening and Dave is not yet home. Subconsciously I am glad he is working late again. These are my private moments. I need them. Between looking after the kids from early in the morning, rushing to my job at the law firm, trying to keep up with community volunteer work and finally getting the kids to bed, I am exhausted.

My husband is a very successful partner in the law firm where I work. We live well, but I hardly ever see him. He comes home past ten several nights each week, and works most weekends. Billable hours are what they call it and my husband is addicted. At least that's what he tells me. I often wonder if he is having sex with some of the pretty young secretaries. He hardly ever touches me anymore.

My routine is more or less the same. I put on a skimpy nightie and pull out one of my favorite X-rated DVDs from our collection. The collection has become quite large during our 10 years of marriage. It is a carryover from when we were dating. Dave liked to take me to drive-ins where X-rated movies were playing and fuck me in the backseat. I liked it too and felt nasty doing it.

I pull out a rubber cock and a vibrator from the bedside stand. I avoid touching my pussy for as long as I can but it becomes harder to do with each steamy scene. I squeeze my tits and play with my nipples. I can feel pussy juice seeping down my ass. When the girl on the screen has a cock in her pussy and another in her mouth I can no longer help myself.

My hand moves between my legs. A finger slides up my juicy gash and finds my clit. I rub it in circles. I push two fingers into my cunt and rub them against the smooth wet walls. I feel pressure building in my belly me so I back off. I want the pleasure to last. I watch her devouring the cock in her mouth while the other one pounds her pussy and wonder what it would be like to have two men at the same time.

The girl on the screen is screaming. The cocks that are fucking her pussy and mouth are huge. I need something bigger inside me, something that will fill the emptiness in my belly. I rub the head of the rubber cock up and down my slit until it is lodged in the opening to my cunt. I moan when it plunges inside, stretching my pussy and filling the void.

Now she is getting fucked in the pussy and ass at the same time. It is something I have never tried but I find it exciting to watch... so dirty and nasty! My rubber friend fucks me faster and deeper. It feels so incredibly good. I pull my knees up and pinch my nipples. My breathing is fast, my heart is pounding. I bite my lip. My body tenses. My pussy clenches. I cum. It's a good one, but not the big one. For that I need my vibrator. 

I put the rubber cock into my mouth. The girl on TV is about to get blasted with two loads of hot cum. Sometimes Dave shoots all over my face... or he used to anyway. I miss the feel of warm cum splashing against my skin. The girl gets drenched while I continue to suck my rubber friend. I like the taste of my own pussy. I've never tasted another woman but have fantasized about it often.

My pussy wants more. I pick up my electric fuck machine. On the TV a tiny blond is sucking a huge black cock that she can barely fit into her mouth. I have never been fucked by a black cock, but it is a recurring fantasy of mine. I rub the vibrator across my pussy and clit to get it ready. When she mounts his monster I push it into my cunt. 

I feel the ridges of the thick shaft rotate against the walls of my pussy. The little finger at the top vibrates against my hard clit. The sensations shooting through me are incredible. I rotate it around inside me and imagine that the big black cock is in my cunt instead of hers. Several times I have to back off. I want this one to last.

Before I can finish the front door opens. Dave is home. I scramble to hide the tools and turn off the TV as if I had something to hide. I don't know why I'm embarrassed to let him see me getting off. It might make him want to fuck me, and right now I need to get fucked badly. My pussy is crying for relief.

He climbs into bed and I do something I haven't done in years. I attack him. Before he can react I have his cock in my mouth. He tries to push me away but it is too late. I can still taste pussy juice on his shaft. He didn't even use a condom or bother to clean himself. I should be disgusted, hurt, angry... but I don't. I feel a tinge of excitement at tasting another woman, especially one my husband has fucked.

It doesn't take long for me to get him hard. I use all the oral skills developed when we were younger just to remind him of what he has been missing at home. I nibble on his sensitive crown and take him down my throat. I lick his balls and suck them into my mouth one at a time. It is time to give my pussy its reward.

I climb on top and push his cock into my juicy hole. I feel him go deep. I fuck him intensely, lifting up and driving down on his shaft over and over. My breathing is hard. Gasps and moans escape from my throat. My breasts bounce back and forth in front of his face. I use my finger to rub my clit.

Dave is getting into it now only, as usual, he wants to be in control. He flips me over onto my back, pushes my knees to my shoulders and buries his weapon deep into my cunt. I can feel myself losing control as he pounds into me again and again and again. Filth begins to spew from my mouth just like it used to when we were younger.

"Fuck me... harder... oh god... fuck my cunt... yes... shove your big cock up my pussy... oh fuck... here I cum... oh shit... oh... oh..."

It is the big one I wanted earlier. My fingernails dig into his skin. I throw my head back and bite my lip. I can feel his cock spear into my cunt as the pressure in my belly peaks. I scream just as my pussy explodes, drenching both of us in a sheen of cunt juice.

Dave continues to pound my pussy and I continue to cum. When I can't stand it any longer I push him off me, get on my knees and suck his juicy meat into my mouth. I know he can't last forever no matter how many times he fucked his whore at work before coming home.

My jaw is sore but I can tell he is close. I feel like such a slut fucking a man who has just finished fucking another woman. I tell myself that he is not my husband, just a big cock for a cock-hungry slut. I like being a slut. I want his warm cum to splash on my face just like the girl on TV. 

I suck his knob while I jerk him off with my hand. I feel his cock swell. I aim it at my face and feel the warm juice splatter across my lips and nose. Cum splashes over my forehead and drips down my eyebrows. A final spurt lands in my hair. I take him back into my mouth and suck him until he goes soft.

Session 1 – Therapist Notes

Never had a patient delved into such intimate details of her sexual encounters. Despite my attempts at objectivity I quickly became aroused as I listened to her confession. I tried to ignore my problem but it became impossible when Mrs. Jacobs pushed a hand under her skirt and slipped it into her panties. 

Mrs. Jacobs was squirming on the couch and moaning as she continued to talk about the night she discovered her husband's infidelity. She moved a hand under her blouse and squeezed her breasts. Watching her masturbate right in front of me while weaving this incredibly sexy tale was more than I could handle. 

I pulled my hard member from my trousers and wrapped my hand around it. Just as she finished telling me about how her husband had ejaculated on her face Mrs. Jacobs stiffened and let out a squeal. Her body jerked and thrashed in spasms. For a second I was afraid she was going to pull herself out of the hypnotic trance but there was nothing I could do for just then my own release exploded and splattered across the floor.

I quickly cleaned the mess and stuffed my member back into my pants. I was able to slowly bring Mrs. Jacobs out of her trance. After questioning her I was quite sure that she did not remember anything that had happened during the session. In fact, she said that she already felt better so that whatever I was doing must be working. I told her that this was often the case when a patient opens up during hypnosis.

We made an appointment for the following week.

Session 2, Mrs. Jacobs under Hypnosis – Transcript

It is Thursday. At work I look at the young women in the office so eager to get ahead and wonder which one Dave is fucking. He's probably banging more than one. I should have known better when I married him. After all, I was just another of his sexual conquests when we met. He fucked me up against the wall in the supply room and then asked me out on our first date.

I'm not angry. I should be, but I already know I'm going to get even. I've suspected his infidelity for a long time but I didn't want to know because I didn't want to have to do something about it. Now I'm ready. I just want to know who he's fucking, that's all. I want to know whose pussy I have been tasting when I suck his cock.

It happened again last night. When he came home I attacked him in the kitchen, dropped to my knees, pulled down his pants and sucked his cock into my mouth. The fresh taste of pussy was strong. He knew I knew and he was flaunting it. I didn't complain. After all, my husband fucked me two nights in a row... something that hasn't happened since we were in the islands.

At lunch I go upstairs to the oil and gas department to check out the women that work with Dave. There is a new girl... young, dark hair, great body. I introduce myself. Melanie drops her eyes and stutters. She is the one. I insist on taking her to lunch. She reluctantly agrees. We make small talk. She won't look at me. She is nervous. I wait for the right moment to say what I came to say.

"So how long have you been fucking my husband, Melanie? Please don't try to deny it. I could taste your pussy on his cock when he came home last night. Yes, I still suck my husband's cock and he still fucks me in case you were wondering."

I see the tears in her eyes. She wants to say something but the words won't come out. A mumbled apology finally spills off her lips. 

"Let's go someplace more private to talk about it, okay?"

She shakes her head up and down. I lead her down the hall to an empty office. I lock the door. Melanie leans against the edge of the desk. She is still crying. I step in front of her and take her hands.

"There's nothing to be sad about, dear. Dave is a big-time lawyer and you're just a young vulnerable secretary out to impress him. Besides, he does have a nice big cock, doesn't he? I don't blame you, Melanie. He's the asshole."

She smiles at me sheepishly as I wipe away a tear from her eye. I slide my hand to her cheek and gently caress it in a motherly manner. I realize that I want her. I have never been with another woman but it has always been a fantasy. I want to caress and feel and kiss and taste the woman my husband has been fucking. I lean forward and whisper to her with my face only inches away.

"There's one thing Dave forgot to tell you, dear. We share everything... and I mean everything."

Our lips meet. She doesn't pull away but is hesitant. My mouth opens. I push my tongue between her lips. My hands move to her full tits. I squeeze them with my fingers. She is so soft. I find my body reacting to being with another woman. My panties get damp and my nipples swell under my blouse.

Slowly she responds to my kiss. Her mouth opens and her tongue moves against mine. She puts her hand on my shoulder. I unbutton her blouse while we continue to kiss. I reach behind and unsnap her bra. My hands squeeze and caress the naked flesh of her soft breasts. Her hard nipples are sensitive to my touch. We break our kiss.

"I... I've never done this before," she mumbles shyly. "Not with another woman I mean. I'm not sure its right, Mrs. Jacobs."

"Fucking my husband wasn't right either," I reply, "but I bet it felt good. I could taste your pussy on his cock last night. I liked it. I want to taste your pussy without his cock."

"I'm... um... not so sure that is a good idea Mrs. Jacobs. Besides, I have to get back to work."

Melanie tried to pull away but I held her there. She was hiding something and I wanted to find out what it was.

"Not so fast," I said, "Not if you want to keep your job."

She stopped struggling. Her pleading eyes looked at me. I could see fear. I slid my hand under her skirt and up her thigh. She bit her lip and turned her eyes away. My hand reached the crotch of her panties. They were soaked and sticky. I slipped my fingers under the crotch. Her pussy was a mess. She had been recently fucked.

"I... I'm sorry Mrs. Jacobs. I told you not to."

I loaded up my fingers with cum still in her pussy and sucked them into my mouth.

"Well aren't we full of surprises. A wife knows the taste of her husband's cum. So Dave was doing some dictation today. How long ago did he fuck you?"

"Um... well, I was just coming from his office when you showed up. I... I couldn't help myself, Mrs. Jacobs. I need this job. My husband doesn't work."

So she is married. She doesn't look more than nineteen. Part of me feels sorry for her. I know how persuasive Dave can be when he turns on the charm. It is why he is such a successful lawyer. I am actually excited to know that the first pussy I will taste is filled with my husband's cum.

I squat in front of her and pull down her cum soaked panties. Her pussy is shaved and puffs out from between her legs like a swollen peach. Glistening pink lips with drops of cum peek out from gash down the middle. I press my lips against her sex and clamp my mouth around her swollen mound. She gasps when my tongue pushes into her cum-filled chamber.

The taste of my husband's cum mixed with juices from her pussy is intoxicating. I suck and slurp her sweet fruit aggressively and with passion. She spreads her legs and puts her hands on the back of my head. My thumb rubs her clit. I pull my mouth from her cunt and thrust two fingers deep inside. I know exactly the right places to touch. 

Melanie is breathing in gasps and moans. I take my thumb away from her clit and replace it with my tongue. My fingers continue to dig around inside her cunt. I can feel her tense. Her legs are shaking. Her fingers dig into my scalp. 

"Oh... oh... oh... oh... uuuuuuuhhhhhh... uuuuunnnngggghhhhhh..."

I pull out my fingers and clamp my mouth over her gushing pussy. She bucks hard against my face. Her whole body is shaking. Her knees buckle. Cunt juice flows into my mouth and coats my thrusting tongue. I continue to munch and lick her quivering sex until she finally pushes me away with shaking hands.

I stand and press my lips against hers. Melanie throws her arms around me and opens her mouth. This is a woman desperate to taste the juices of her passion. My fingers slide between her legs and rub her clit. She shudders with a second release. We continue to kiss. I guide her hand between my legs. Her fingers find my pussy through a pair of damp panties.

I lean against the desk and push down on her shoulders. Melanie squats in front of me. I lift my skirt and pull the crotch of my panties to the side. Her face moves between my legs. I feel her tongue flick across my pussy and push into my steamy passage. Her mouth opens around my swollen mound.

I put my hands on her head and fuck her tongue. My body is on fire. My nipples are burning. The same mouth that has been sucking my husband's cock is now eating my pussy. It all seems so nasty and forbidden. I can feel pressure in my belly. I am going to cum in her mouth.

She touches my clit with her finger. Her tongue pushes in and out of my steamy opening. I reach under my blouse and pinch my swollen nipples. My breathing becomes erratic. I grind my pussy against her face. My head is spinning. My legs begin to shake. The pressure in my belly releases in a surge of pleasure that explodes from my opening. I hear a scream pierce the air and am vaguely aware that it must be mine.

I have always been a gusher. I can feel my juices filling her mouth. She keeps her lips clamped around my pussy. Her tongue continues to fuck me. A second wave of spasms grips my body. More juices pour into her mouth. I put my hands on her head and buck hard against her face. At last I am finished. She stands and kisses me on the lips. Our tongues share my cum which is still pooled in her mouth.

"Um... are you going to tell him, Mrs. Jacobs? Your husband I mean. You know, about us. I don't want to get in trouble. My husband will kill me if I lose this job."

"Not as long as you do what I say. I'm going to need your help on a few things. Oh... and you can keep fucking him. I like the taste of your pussy on his cock."

Session 2 – Therapist Notes

Once again the graphic descriptions that Mrs. Jacobs used to describe her sexual encounters had me quickly aroused. My hand was rubbing my bulge as I watched her squirm on the couch while fingering her sex. I could feel my willpower slowly dissipating . I walked to the front of the couch and looked between her spread legs where her fingers were furiously digging into her body underneath her panties.

Throwing all professional judgment to the wind I slid onto the couch and moved my head between her legs. I could smell the aroma of her sex and could hear the faint squishing sounds her fingers were making inside her body. I pulled the crotch of her panties to the side and gently removed her hand. My tongue shot out and flicked across the folds of her sex before pushing into her steamy hole.

Mrs. Jacobs put her hands on the back of my head and pulled my lips tight against her swollen mound. She continued with her story between gasps and moans. I licked and slurped on Mrs. Jacob's juicy peach until I could feel her tremble. Her fingers dug into my scalp. She bucked hard against my face and cried out the words, "Melanie, I'm cumming." Seconds later an incredible amount of juice gushed into my mouth.

Mrs. Jacobs did not remember anything when I brought her back from the trance other than to say that once again she felt so much better and that the hypnosis must be working. We made an appointment for the following week, and then I ran to the bathroom to relieve the pressure in my testicles.

Session 3, Mrs. Jacobs under Hypnosis – Transcript

It is Saturday. He's working again this weekend. It's okay. This afternoon I plan to get fucked. It will be the first time since we were married that another man has put his cock in my pussy. Well, Bobby's not exactly a man, but he is a grown boy. I am perfectly comfortable with doing it. I'll carry no guilt and have no regrets. And I'll do it again and again.

Last night Dave came home with pussy on his cock. I could tell he wanted me to suck him by the way he kissed me when he came through the door. I dropped to my knees right there in the entrance foyer, pulled out his cock and slid it between my lips. It didn't taste like Melanie. He was fucking someone else and he wanted me to know. He knew it would get me excited. It was becoming an unspoken game.
