 I have never really considered driving to be a sexy thing to do. The thought of sitting in a car with a complete stranger actually makes my stomach churn. I have had lessons before but I had never taken them seriously, why should I drive when I had a husband to do it for me. Now divorced I thought it was time to finish what I had started all those years ago and get my licence. 

Having trolled the business directory for a local instructor I finally plucked up the courage to book a lesson. The guy on the other end of the phone sounded nice. His voice was warm and friendly and with a reasonable price for lessons I booked one for the following week. 

Don't get me wrong I'm certainly no naive teenager with a crush and I'm defiantly not a frustrated housewife. I am however a woman who appreciates the look and smell of a man, especially a man who is confident.

As lessons go my first one went okay. The car seemed to be fuelled by kangaroo juice and not diesel and I felt like I had developed extra arms and legs. It was on the second one that I noticed the smell. Maybe I was more relaxed, I don't know, all I did know was that it was a really deep musky smell that tantalised the nose and made me feel like I wanted to be wrapped in it. Now being of the more mature persuasion I'm not really into boys I like men to be men, strong alpha males. My driving instructor certainly seemed to be one of those. Not particular good looking but with a smile that played on his mouth and caused a twinkle in his eyes. 

Now like I said I like my men to be men and I bet your wondering well how do you know he was like that, how do you know after one lesson that he was an alpha male? Well when you talk to someone you sort of get that feeling about him or her and after talking to him and learning about his previous job I knew he was the sort of guy I liked. In fact when he told me I almost crashed the car with laughter.

I don't mean actually crashed the car it was a figure of speech. 

It's probably not the kind of reaction he would have expected from his answer to my query, but it was the one he got. 

Now normally when I'm learning something new I'm very focused. I like to get whatever it is right, and right first time. The only trouble being with that method was that this time I was sitting in a confined space with a man who smelled good enough to eat, if you know what I mean, and that plays havoc with your concentration. There I am trying my hardest to remember my left from my right and all I can think about is the guy sitting next to me. Shaking with nerves my hands gripped the steering wheel and with the mantra, concentrate, concentrate going through my head I tried to do exactly that. It wouldn't have been so bad if only I hadn't fluffed the gears and instead of reaching for the gear stick to put the car in first gear my hand reached for his knee, which just so happened to be right next to the gear stick. 

Not good. 

My face turned the colour of an over ripe tomato and mumbling an apology I put the car in first and drove off, quickly. The lesson went down bank from there on in. My hand much preferred the feel of his knee to that of the gear stick and I had to make a concerted effort not to touch it. I even managed to stall the car a few times because of my clumsiness. I could have understood if I had not slept with a man since my divorce but I had on several occasions. But Chris ticked boxes that the others hadn't; tall, yes, witty, yes, confident, very, sexy voice, oh my yes.

Now patience is a virtue, or so I've been told on more than one occasion and this guy needed the patience of the very saints to put up with me. Opinionated, bossy and mouthy are just a few words used to describe me and that's just from my family. With every mistake I made I commentated on it, nerves getting the better of me. When you can hear yourself saying stupid random things you know its time to shut up. Did I? No. It got progressively worse until he actually asked me if I ever shut up.

Now I know my hair is blonde but I'm certainly no bimbo. In fact I would consider myself to be an intelligent woman. Not when I'm sat in that car and especially not sitting next to Chris. My inner bimbo decided to come out and play in those lessons on several occasions. I thought about colouring my hair to brown to see if that had any effect on my driving, but that's just plain daft.

Anyway after making a fool of myself on the second lesson I hoped the third one would be better. But no it wasn't. In fact it was almost a disaster.

During the week between lessons the great British summer had decided to make an appearance. So the day of lesson number three arrived in all its fine glory; clear blue skies with fluffy white clouds, hot sunshine and a rising temperature. The lesson was scheduled for mid afternoon when the sun was at it's highest and with this in mind I decided to wear shorts and a short summer dress to try and keep cool. When I say shorts I know I haven't got the legs for those daisy dukes the young girls wear so instead I wear knee length denim ones for some modicum of decency. My summer dress was mid thigh in length and rather low cut. Being blessed in the breast department, and having had them on my chest for most of my life, I tend to forget how large my breasts actually are or how low this particular top sits on them. Looking from above I will admit to thinking them rather small, but I have male friends who say they wouldn't like them on their eyes as a sore. Whatever that's supposed to mean. They are there plain and simple, like them or not there isn't anything I can do about them. Unfortunately I forgot my instructor is very much male and unknown to me prone to liking breasts. 

A word to all the men out there, although women have big breasts its not enough sometimes. The type of underwear we use to hold them is just as important as the clothes we wear on top. I love my large breasts and that means I have lots of nice bras to put on them. Many of which push and hold my breasts in a very nice way. The day of the lesson I decided to wear one of these bras, just to feel extra feminine. When I need a boost to my confidence I like to dress as sexily as I can, without being sluttish, and that usually goes from the skin outwards. So today under my shorts and top I was wearing a baby blue thong and bra set with cream lace trim. The thong sat snugly between my legs and the bra pushed up and held my breasts firmly the lace trim skimming my nipples and creating two perfect mounds of flesh above. Low cut and tight the top pushed them up and out further. The resulting cleavage was very impressive and when fully dressed I was incredibly happy with the result. Maybe it was a bit saucy for a driving lesson but how I had driven the previous week I think I needed all the help I could get. 

So there I stood waiting for Chris to arrive wearing sexy lingerie underneath a plain pair of shorts and a low cut top, my ample breasts almost spilling out over the material. Plain Jane on the outside but sexy sally underneath, I now felt able to cope with anything that could happen.

Chris arrived promptly for my lesson and climbing in to the car I failed to notice his eyes as they skimmed over my body. Fastening the seatbelt I let it nestle between the deep cleft of my breasts frowning as I saw how it pushed them further out. Maybe it hadn't been such a good idea to wear this top. A wardrobe malfunction would not be a good thing in traffic. Accidents aren't my thing.

The lesson started well enough and my hand managed to avoid his knee. Conversation wasn't an option really, my mouth gets carried away sometimes and unfortunately when silence reigns so does my mouth. Anything I'm thinking tends to pop out and I was trying my hardest to sound intelligent and worldly, somehow I don't think it worked. It didn't help that all week my toy had been used to good effect and the fantasies had contained a certain driving instructor. Have you ever tried holding an intelligent conversation with someone after you had dreamed of straddling them naked in bed? No? You should try it sometime. My conversation was anything but intelligent, in fact I'm surprised it was even coerent

"At the end of the road I want you to turn left."

Following instructions I drove around the corner and into a side street.

"Pull up on the left when it is safe to do so."

Again I followed instructions wondering what he was going to have me do. Hoping that whatever it was I wasn't going to fluff it again.

"Now I want you to use the car in front to do a parallel park."

As Chris explained how to do it I could feel my hands getting clammy. This sounded complicated and I wondered if I could get my hands and feet to coordinate or if I would mess it up. Positioning the car next to the parked one I tried to remember everything I could about moving the steering wheel and which foot to move. Slowly I reversed the car turning the wheel when I thought I had to. Turning to face Chris slightly I looked over my shoulder and continued the manoeuvre, what I didn't realise was that my breasts were on level with him and the act of looking over my shoulder thrust them higher, almost to the point where the top was surplus to requirements. Glancing forward I noticed his eyes on the contents of my top and my chest. His eyes had a look I hadn't seen from any man in a while and I loved it. It was a look of longing. I'd be a very happy woman if Chris wanted me in the way he was looking at me. 

It had been a while since I'd had sex with any man; normally it was just me and my toy. Which although satisfying wasn't the same has a hard cock. 

Oh god, don't get me started thinking about what Chris was packing in that department. The thought of what lay in his trousers had me drooling. Gulping I tried to concentrate on the job in hand not letting him see that I had seen him looking down my top. My nipples were hard and I longed to use his cock as the gear stick for my own personal manoeuvres.

Completing the parallel park I sat with the engine running and breathing calmly. Patting myself on the back at what I thought was a job well done.

"Are you sure you haven't done that before?" Chris asked.

"Why?" I asked, my voice husky with my suddenly dry mouth.

"Perfect."

"Cool." I said smiling at him.

His eyes flickered down to my heaving chest and quickly looking at the burgeoning bulge in his trousers I smiled even harder. Don't ask me what got into me but I heard myself saying.

"Like what you see?"

He had the grace to blush now that he knew that I knew where he had been looking. 

"Something tells me you do." And I let my eyes wander to look at his crotch.

"Shall we continue with the lesson?"

"Whatever you want." I replied the double meaning not missed by him as he tried not to smile at my words.

From that moment the lesson seemed to fly by but in a good way. No major mistakes were made but I did wonder if he wanted to continue teaching me now I knew he had thoughts about my breasts. It would be unprofessional to do anything about them after all.

The week between lesson three and lesson four went so slowly. Night times were the worst. My dreams were full of Chris and what I wanted him to do to me. The toy I kept under my pillow had to have a change of batteries at least once that week. I looked forward to choosing the outfit I was going to wear for the next lesson. I'm no model by any stretch of the imagination; two pregnancies and a love of cheesecake had left their mark on my body. I was curvy rather than thin. I had stretch marks and wobbly bits but I still tried to look after myself.. So what I wasn't a size zero but what women actually wanted to be that thin. I certainly didn't. Besides with these puppies out in front of me I knew I could get his attention

Lesson four and the weather was still shining and the sky was still a lovely shade of blue. This week I was hornier than I had ever been, just the thought of Chris looking at me and I was wet. Carefully I chose what I was going to wear. 

This week it was red underwear, the thong was red lace and the bra was trimmed in lace to match. It covered yet showed my nipples to perfection; pushing my breasts even higher than the one I had worn the previous week. Holding them firmly the bra thrust them right out and forward, mounds of creamy flesh proudly displayed and on offer to be suitably looked at. Daringly I decided to wear a top that just about hid the bra, yet in the right position showed everything underneath it. I knew it would show my breasts off and with the lace I knew he would be able to see my nipples, especially if they were hard.

Much the same as the last week my lesson followed the same pattern but this time I hoped he would have me doing some manoeuvres. 

"Take the next turning on your right and then find a safe place to park." His voice cut into my salacious thoughts. In my hand I was holding a nice thick cock and with each gear change I stroked the velvety skin of its head.

Blushing I did as I was instructed, waiting for further directions.

"I want you to do a turn in the road."

Taking a deep breath I started to do as I had been asked. The cock, sorry gear stick, felt warm in my hand and caressing it I slowly let my breath out. Licking my lips I stroked the knob gently wishing it belonged to someone. I felt rather than saw my nipples harden and my clit throbbed in answer to some unanswered question.

"Are you okay?" Chris's voice sounded concerned.

"Sorry, miles away."

Quickly I shook myself and continued with my driving. Putting the car in to first I started the turn in the road. First part complete I put the car into reverse and started the second part. This is where things got interesting. 

Looking over my left shoulder I partially turned in my seat concentrating on the job in hand. Only Chris's sharp intake of breath let me know that he had noticed my top. Trying not to smile I didn't let on that I knew where he was looking. Not until I was ready to drive away.

"Do you like the view?"

Silence reigned as I could almost hear him formulating a reply.

"Drive on please."

I smiled as the none answer showed his guilt.

"At the end of the road turn right."

"I don't mind you looking." I was so wet at the thought of it. Driving off I followed his instructions.

"At the roundabout take the fourth exit, turn right and follow the signs for the city centre."

"I take it you're a breast man? I'm sorry I can't hide them but being so large they do rather stand out." I chose my words carefully. My thong had crept inside me and rubbing my legs together I shivered at the resulting sensations. Driving was getting difficult but using all of my limited experience I managed to negotiate the round about.

"Take the next right and then pull over on the left."

In the side street I pulled over and waited for the next instruction. The street was empty of people but a few cars were parked in driveways and on the street itself.

"When your ready we will try another turn in the road."

A slight smile tugged at the corner of my mouth. Keeping one eye on what I was doing and another on Chris I did as I was told. Out of the corner of my eye I watched as he waited for me to begin before he let his eyes drop to my chest. That look of longing showed on his face and turning in my seat ever so slightly I gave him a better view. My nipples hardened visibly and I knew he would notice that through the lace of the bra. I also knew that with a tiny movement I could make it peak over the lace of the bra. As I ended the manoeuvre I made that tiny movement letting him see the hard pink nipple behind the lace. Glancing at his crotch I saw movement and knew he would be feeling uncomfortable with the erection I assumed he would have.

"Drive on."

Was it me or did his voice sound strained.

"At the end of the road turn left then take the second right."

Yes his voice was strained and rubbing my legs together surreptitiously I felt my clit rub against the material of my thong. Changing gear I drove a way. As I drove I wondered where this sudden bout of confidence had come from. Looks like I was engaging mouth before engaging brain as per normal for me.

The road I drove into was quieter than the last one and I noticed the houses were boarded up.

"Pull over on the left in a safe and convenient manner."

I smiled.

"When your ready."

"Oh I'm always ready."

"A turn in the road please." He ignored my comment and I chuckled inwardly.

Mirrors, check, first gear, check, find the bite, mmmm check, handbrake, check, manoeuvre, begin, wardrobe malfunction, oh yes.

His intake of breath showed it was working and the twitch in his trousers told me even more. Was I enjoying his discomfort? Oh yes very much so. It had been a while since I had been such a tease and the feeling was amazing.

"How many more of these am I going to have to do before you admit that you are looking down my top?"

"Admitting something like that would mean I am acting in an inappropriate and unprofessional manner. Besides you have to do them anyway."

This simple sentence was an admittance of guilt but I wanted him to tell me he was doing it. Instead he had done it in a backwards sort of way.

"So the erection you are sporting is not inappropriate?"

Silence followed.

"Chris I may be blonde but I'm neither stupid nor deaf. Every time I do this you spend your time looking down my top drooling. If you looking fazed me I would not book my lessons with you. I have spent all of my life having guys look at my cleavage it really doesn't bother me."

Parking the car up and turning off the engine I waited for him to speak. It was near the end of my lesson and I dreaded the drive back. Maybe he was going to say that he no longer wanted to teach me. After all I had caught him doing something completely unprofessional and compromised his integrity as an instructor. The tension in the car was palatable along with the silence. Which direction would this moment take? I had no idea. What I did know was I was incredibly horny and that when I got home the first place I was going was to bed with my vibrator and fantasises of his cock.

The longer I sat the more my body hummed with tension.

"I've been an instructor now for five years and I have taught some very attractive women. But none of them have been as upfront as you. Neither have I found myself in this position before."

This was it, this was the moment he told me he would not be my instructor. Maybe I had gone to far.

"I find myself stuck between a rock and a hard place."

I chuckled at his use of words. He was in deed hard.

"The professional in me says you need to find another instructor. The man in me wants to continue so I can look down your top and get an erection. What do you think I should do?" He turned to look at me. 

Oh god, what should I say. Taking a deep breath I chose my words carefully.

"I reckon you should go with the right choice for you."

He took a deep breath holding it in before letting it out slowly, the sound ragged in the confines of the car. 

"Drive on please."

I had my answer. When I got in I would be looking for a new driving instructor.

The rest of the lesson was uneventful and parking up outside my home I turned off the engine letting the silence fill the car.

"Take me inside now, we need to talk." His voice evoked no reply only compliance. Doing what he asked we went inside and into the living room. Unsure as to what he had to say to me I stood and waited for him to talk. Surely he could have said something to me in the car. What could be so important he had to bring me inside?

"You were determined to tease me. You sat in my car and tried to tempt me."

Letting him talk I stood and listened. I had no defence to what he was saying. It was all true; I had chosen my clothes and my very movements to tease him, to get a reaction out of him. What could I say to that? Nothing.
