 My first submission to Lit... loosely based on a few real events and real people, but entirely fantasy. I did my own editing which was probably foolish, but please let me know what you think! I have ideas for where to take these characters, but want to see if it's worth the effort for now. All characters involved in sexual situations are at least 18 years old.

Thanks for reading,

M

*****

My name is Marcus Kittering, and I was a high school cheerleader. Not many guys can claim that, and most people like to make fun of me for it, but it was an amazing time in my life. Just during practice, I got to put my hands all over the nubile bodies of the most beautiful girls in school.

One of my favorite stunts, for perverted reasons obviously, was called "The Chair." There were several ways to achieve the end result, but that's what made it so much fun to practice. The end result of this stunt has me standing tall with my right arm straight up in the air, fingers pointing behind me with my palm facing up. On top of that hand sat my partner Sasha. Typically, she'd have her arms up in the air screaming to the crowd, her right knee up and left leg straight. My left hand would be holding her left ankle to maintain balance easier, but my brain was always on what was separated from my palm by only a couple layers of cloth.

Sasha was a gorgeous brunette, and a bit of a flirt. Several times during our many practices, she'd want to split away from the rest of the squad to try a new technique for doing "The Chair." On one particular occasion, she had me squat down next to her, grab hold of her left ankle which was slightly off the ground and place my right hand right on the crotch of her skimpy boy shorts. On the count of three, she jumped off her right leg, straightening her left, and I was to stand up holding her up into the final position. After several failed attempts at this new technique, she offered a suggestion.

"Maybe your hand isn't secure." She looked down at me with her big brown eyes.

"Secure?" I wasn't sure where she was going with this.

"Yeah, your right hand. Make sure it's secure. Get it into position right now." I had always had a massive crush on Sasha, and my mind was filled with all the nasty things I wanted to do with her and to her. I gently placed my right hand at her crotch where I thought it would best be able to hold her weight without hurting her or throwing her off balance.

"Like this?"

"Not bad, but a little further forward." She wiggled her sexy hips as I dragged my hand forward a bit. My fingers rested on her ass cheeks, and I was trying to make sure one didn't slip to press on her asshole. I felt a bit of heat on my hand, but dismissed it as part of this unseasonably warm afternoon. 

"OK, one, two, three!" She jumped off her right foot, I straightened my arm and tried to stand up. She pitched off balance as I lifted her, almost falling over my shoulder and behind me. I still had her left ankle in my hand, so I quickly brought her back to the ground as safely as I could.

Sasha looked flushed and a bit scared from the near miss while I held her in my arms to steady her. I tried not to stare, but I couldn't help but notice the rise and fall of her perfect breasts under the baby tee she had on with our school logo. I looked into her beautiful brown eyes,

"Try again?" She nodded to me and turned around to get into position.

"Secure?" She grinned down to me. I placed my hand in the spot I had originally been trained and felt dampness at the heel of my palm. The warmth was more pronounced as well. I realized she was getting turned on by me putting my hands on her. I inched my palm forward toward her front and rested it on what I thought was her pussy. The dampness soaked through her shorts and started to wet my palm. I ground my hand against her pussy briefly and then held still.

"Secure," I said. Her grin got bigger looking down at me and she took a deep breath.

"One, two, three!" She jumped up again and I extended my arm up, slowly standing with her sitting on my hand. We had pulled off the stunt, but I could tell my hand was positioned wrong. Using my left hand on her ankle, I kept her straight, but I could feel my wrist trying to bend backwards. I brought her back down again and set her on the ground. Once on her feet, she turned to face me and rested her hands on my arms. Our eyes locked and she seemed to be breathing a bit heavier.

"If you wanted a thrill, I can think of a better approach." I smiled at her while I rested my hands on her hips. Her eyes were locked on mine as I slowly moved in to kiss her. Our lips touched and I felt a shiver down my spine. Sasha moaned into my mouth as I assumed she felt a similar tingle in her own body. She moved her hands up my arms to lock them behind my neck and pull me closer into her as she started trying to tongue wrestle with me. I moved my hands from her hips around to her ass and pulled her tightly into me. I had been semi-hard all during practice, especially once I felt how wet Sasha was, but was suddenly as hard as I'd ever been. 

With her tongue in my mouth and my hands on her ass, I ground my now rock hard cock into Sasha. I was glad we had separated ourselves from the rest of the squad, but I later found out Sasha had the other girls running interference to give us some privacy in the little courtyard we were in. I broke away from the amazing kiss to rest my forehead against hers and look back into Sasha's beautiful eyes. 

"Want to get out of here?" I hoped against hope she'd say yes. She slowly dropped her hands from my neck, reaching back to grab my hands, squeezing them against her ass briefly before turning and running to her car dragging me along behind her.

She unlocked her car with her remote and didn't let go of my hand until she was sure I'd get into the car with her. I hopped into the passenger seat of her little black Nissan as she slid into the driver seat. She put the keys in the ignition and started the engine, throwing it into gear and sped out of the parking lot. 

Once we were on the main road headed to our neighborhood, she reached over to play with my cock through my shorts. Once her hand found my cock and wrapped around the shaft, I was instantly hard again.

"Oh my god," Sasha almost groaned. "You have a nice one. I'm so wet for you right now." I looked over at her with half-closed eyes and smiled at her lustful gaze. Her hand slowly stroked my cock as she drove as quickly as she could to get to our destination. After about fifteen minutes, we were parked in the driveway to her house. "Don't worry, Dad's out of town and mom is never home before about seven." It was only a little after 2 p.m. She hopped out of the car and almost sprinted to the front door of her house. I got out as well after arranging my cock to not be pitching a massive tent and quickly followed her.

She waited just inside the door for me holding it open and closed it behind me once I was inside. With the door closed, our eyes locked and we fell into each others arms for another passionate kiss. She pushed my back to the door while we kissed and she started undoing the fly to my shorts, grasping for my cock. She pulled it free of my clothes and broke our kiss to drop to her knees and start licking the head.

"Such a lovely cock," she said before wrapping her lips around the head and sucking me into her hot mouth. I leaned my head back against the door and rested my hand on her head while she worked my cock deeper into her mouth. She wrapped her delicate fingers around the base of my shaft and started stroking up and down while her tongue did amazing things to the base of my head inside her mouth.

"I wish I could return the favor." I looked down and gazed into her beautiful brown eyes. She slowly pulled her mouth off my cock, a string of saliva hanging from the tip of my cock to her bottom lip until she pulled further away to stand up.

"My bedroom is this way." She turned toward a set of stairs to our left. When she was up three steps, I was behind her and grabbed her by the waist to stop her. I started pulling her spandex shorts and thong down and bent her over so her pussy was right in my face. Her hairless slit glistened before me, so I reached out with my tongue to lick her lips and tease her. I put my hands on her ass cheeks and squeezed them as I reached in with my thumbs to spread her pussy lips apart. I licked her drooling hole and she moaned deeply. She tasted delicious. I swirled my tongue around inside her opening then moved down to finally attack her clit. "Oh fuck!" She trembled with each lick. I teased her with just a couple more licks, then stood up and spanked her right cheek.

"You were showing me to your bedroom?"

"Fuck the bedroom." She said as she turned to face me and pulled her shorts free of her legs then sat on the step right in front of me with her legs spread wide. She undid the button on my shorts and pulled them down with my boxers until my cock was free. Wrapping her fingers around my cock, she pulled me toward her pussy until the head of my cock rested at her opening. She held it there looking into my eyes until we made eye contact. "Now fuck me." She demanded.

I slowly eased my cock into her hot wet pussy. We both groaned as I sank into her drooling cunt. She was only the second woman I'd been inside, but she was tight and felt so amazing. I pulled back and eased back in, gradually getting deeper with each slow stroke. Once I was finally all the way in with our pelvises tight together, I could just feel the head of my cock gently nudging against her cervix.

"So good." Sasha had her eyes closed and had moved her arms up around my neck. She ground her hips into mine in a circular motion. I slowly withdrew my cock from her pussy to Sasha's disappointed groan. "Give it back!" I quickly thrust back into her causing her to yelp. I quickly fucked my cock in and out of her drooling pussy, her grunts and moans filling my ears and the house around us. I thrust deeply and held my cock inside her as I kicked away my shorts and put my hands under her legs, lifting her up off the stairs. Once I was standing straight, I gave her a few more rapid thrusts. I slowly started climbing the stairs, bouncing her on my cock with each step. At the top of the steps, there was a hallway that led left and right. I pinned Sasha to the wall and fucked myself into her several more times. With my cock deep inside her, nudging her cervix again I held still.

"Which way is your room?" Sasha just pointed to the first door to my right. Moans seemed all she was capable of at that point. I carried her through the open door into a bedroom that looked like your typical teenage girl's room. I gently lay her on the bed with my throbbing cock still deep inside her. I pulled her arms from my neck so I could take off her shirt and sport bra to play with her marvelous tits. I peeled off my own shirt and went back to playing with her sensitive nipples and stroking my cock in and out of her wet box. 

Using my cock to guide her, I pushed Sasha back onto the bed and climbed on top of her. I grabbed her legs and held them to my shoulders, lifting her ass off the bed. I pounded into her causing her to wail like a banshee. I kept going until I felt her pussy clamp around my cock and her entire body went tense. Her mouth opened and closed as she gasped for air, and once she had caught her breath she let out a long moan that was occasionally interrupted by the aftershocks of her orgasm.

After she came down from her orgasm, I pulled out of Sasha, grabbed a pillow and rolled her onto her stomach with the pillow under her hips. I straddled her legs and lined up my cock with her pussy and easily slid back in. I grabbed hold of her ass and slowly stroked my cock in and out of her again.

"Oh fuck." Sasha had rediscovered the ability to speak. "Fuck me hard, Marcus. Cum inside me. Oh god, your cock feels so fucking good." I supported my weight on my hands and feet, rapidly pounding my cock into her. She was bouncing off the bed as I thrust down into her, so I timed my thrusts to her bouncing to ram my cock deep with every thrust.

"Baby you feel fucking amazing." I whispered into her ear. She turned her head and tried to kiss me. I gave her a quick peck and went back to using her body to get myself off. My rapid thrusting quickly had her moaning and grunting once again at a loss for words. Just when I felt myself getting close to cumming, Sasha had tensed up clamping her pussy around my cock as she game again. She groaned into the mattress as her pussy tried to milk my cock of its cum. My first blast set her off again and her body went tense. It felt like I pumped fifty shots of cum into that perfect pussy. Our mutual orgasms definitely amplified the sensations for each other.

I held myself inside Sasha as our orgasms waned. I could feel my cum leaking out of her pussy around my cock. Once my I had softened and was slipping out of her, I rolled over onto my back next to her. "That was fucking awesome." I looked over at Sasha to see a giant grin on her beautiful face.

"Best. Practice. Ever." She opened her eyes and looked into mine, leaning in for a kiss. We kissed each other deeply, our tongues dancing in the others' mouth. She pulled away from me to move down to my cock. "I want to taste us." She licked around my cock, covering every inch with her tongue. "Mmmmm." She sucked me into her mouth, sucking out any cum that was still in my cock. She popped her mouth off of me and looked up into my eyes. "We taste great together."

She rolled back over onto her back next to me, and that was when I noticed she had a hand over her pussy trying to hold in all my cum. She pulled her hand away, scooping up all the cum she could and brought it to her mouth to lick her hand clean. She reached back down and scooped out more cum from her pussy and licked her fingers clean.

"Had I known you liked cum so much I'd have cum in your mouth. Maybe I'll make you work for it next time." I was amazed at my fantasy girl's behavior. 

Sasha looked at her bedside clock, and my gaze followed hers. It was only 3:30 in the afternoon.

"You think I'm bad, I know a couple of girls that are worse. I'm not telling you who, but they only ever talk about cock when we're hanging out." Sasha looked down at her feet, realizing she still wore her shoes and socks and started taking them off. I looked at my feet and realized the same, so started taking my shoes and socks off as well. Once I had off my shoes, I reached over and started caressing Sasha's beautiful athletic body. She had no tan lines, a perfectly smooth hairless pussy, and breasts that were a perfect handful.

We lay together on her bed slowly exploring each others bodies now that the urgent sexual need had been sated. I lightly dragged my fingers around her belly button and up to her breasts making her squirm "That tickles. I like it kind of rough better." I grabbed her left breast and pulled her to me, locking my mouth on her nipple and biting it gently. "Ooh yeah, like that." She had been playing with my stomach, tracing the muscles of my abs when she reached down to start stroking my cock. I dragged my hand back down from her breast and teased the shaved area above her pussy. Her hand tightened around my slowly hardening cock. "Don't tease me, fucker." I slipped my fingers between her legs and gently squeezed her clit between my fingers, then slid them into her moist twat.

"Is this what my little cumslut wants?" I started stroking my fingers in and out of her pussy, dragging them over her clit as I moved my hand back and forth. 

"Mmmmm," was all that I heard from Sasha.

My cock was already hard again from her stroking. I pulled my fingers out of her pussy and rolled her over on top of me. She spread her legs to straddle me and rubbed her sloppy pussy up and down my shaft. I grabbed her by the hips and tried to line her up so I could plunge my cock into her. Sasha got the hint and sat up, grabbing my cock and slipped it inside her warm velvety pussy. She settled herself in my lap easing my cock all the way in.

"You feel so hard inside me, baby." She leaned back on top of me thrusting her hips down onto mine. "Mmmmmm nice and deep." Sasha leaned forward toward me for a kiss and started bouncing up and down on my cock. Using my hands on her hips, I started thrusting my hips up into her as she sat up. "Oh God!" She kept bouncing, but I felt her pussy clench in a small brief orgasm. I moved my right hand off her hip toward her pussy so I could rub my thumb against her clit.

Sasha started bouncing on my cock faster like a woman possessed. Her pussy randomly clenching and twitching around my cock. Suddenly she thrust her hips down against mine, driving my cock deep inside her and against her womb. Her body went tense and started trembling with the power of her orgasm. As she came down from her orgasm, she fell forward onto me and I wrapped my arms around her and kissed her neck. I rapidly thrust up into her triggering another powerful orgasm. This time Sasha wasn't at a loss for words.

"FFFFFFFFFFUCK!" Her tense body quivered and she awkwardly rolled herself off of me. "Too sensitive. Gimme a second." 

I just lay there and watched Sasha as she panted face down on her knees and her ass in the air. Once her breathing was under control, I got on my knees behind her and slipped my cock between her pink nether lips once again. With my hands on her hips she couldn't pull away, but I seriously doubted she wanted to. I slowly sawed my cock in and out of her quivering twat. I swatted her right ass cheek hard enough to leave a red hand print. After her scream from the pain, I fucked her fast and hard. The quivering pussy around my cock clenched yet again as Sasha came once more. I didn't slow down. She had gotten so wet, her orgasms no longer held my cock in a vice like they first did. I fucked her through one orgasm and into the next. Between orgasms, Sasha was more vocal than before.

"Oh yes! Fuck me! Fill me with your cum again!"

I could finally feel myself getting close, so I grabbed her arms and used them to pull her back onto my cock, ramming her hard and deep. After about twenty thrusts, I shot my load into her again. The grunts and moans coming from Sasha were all I heard from the time I grabbed her arms, but I could still feel her pussy trying to clamp down on my cock. I held my cock deep inside her until I was done cumming. I spanked her left ass cheek to give a matching hand print as I pulled out of her sloppy mess. Without giving her a chance to realize what I was doing, I rolled Sasha over onto her back, pinning her legs to her chest and lifting her ass into the air.

"Open your mouth and push out my cum." I had read about people trying this in a story once, I wondered if my new cumslut would like it. I held her ass and watched a glob of my cum slowly bubbled up out of her pussy. It ran across her clit and dripped right into her mouth. Her eyes were glazed over with lust, but she savored that first drop. Another gob came out of her pussy along with some of our mixed juices, ending up in her mouth again. She closed her mouth and swallowed.

"Mmmmmm." 

I spanked her right ass cheek again. Her pussy clenched and forced out another gob of cum which ran off onto her cheek. She reached up and dragged the cum to her mouth and swallowed it down. I spanked her left cheek one last time and let her ass drop. 

"That was intense, and such a fucking amazing dirty ending. I had no idea you were such a good fuck, or a nasty bastard."

"I'm glad you liked it. We perverts can be a lot of fun." I grinned at her as she crawled around to take my cock back in her mouth again to clean it off. "And it looks like I'm not the only pervert here. You're a nasty little cumslut, aren't you?"
