 Chapter 1

My name is Jennifer Stephens. I moved to California from Oakville, Alabama, a small town about fifteen minutes out of Mobile. -- At this point, I already feel I should address some unwarranted preconceptions. I am not a stupid hick. I do not talk like Forrest Gump. I know what air conditioning is, I know who Stephen Hawking is, and I know who Samuel Beckett is. I come from an upper-middle class family and graduated second in my class. My father drives a Lexus, not a tractor.

Please excuse me for being defensive. I just sometimes get tired of the look in someone’s eye when I tell them where I’m from. It’s as if they expect me to be a naive Clampett to be pandered to.

Anyway, after I graduated from high school I went to the University of Alabama on a partial academic scholarship. After a few years, and being unhappy and undecided on what career to pursue, I decided that I should make a bold movement, and I did that toward the only thing I wanted: to be an actress.

Now, I had no illusions about myself and Hollywood. I didn’t expect to be discovered the second I crossed the state line. I don’t even care about becoming a big star; I just want to make a living as an actress.

I got a place in Newport Beach. A little south of where I should’ve, I know, but I didn’t know any better when I first got there. Sandy, a girl I knew from college had a place in Irvine, so she let me stay until I found a place. She knew some other people looking for a place and another roommate so I went in with them.

My new roommates were Stephen and Allie. Allie worked with Sandy. Stephen was just a friend of Allie’s.

The house we moved into was nice, a couple of blocks walk from the One, where there were restaurants and stores. It was a shaded little side street with horrible parking, but I’d make do.

I got a job as a waitress right off, as I needed income. I’d almost depleted my savings from the move, and in addition to having rent (which was way more than in Alabama) due, I also had a car note and three years of student loans to pay back (it was a partial scholarship -- and I didn’t work in college).

I dropped four hundred on headshots, a hundred more on duplication, and pretty soon I was mailing headshots and resumes off to agencies and casting notices from Backstage West. I got a few calls and an interview with an agent, but to them I was mostly just another pretty blonde trying to make it.

Waiting tables was a real bitch, too. I felt like I was almost consumed by my dead-end job. Scanning the independent papers, the OCWeekly and others, the same types of classifieds and personals kept catching my eye. Some were from girls, presumably like me, just perhaps a little dumber or a little lazier, looking for sugar daddies to bankroll their acting searches in exchange for, presumably as well, being a fuck-toy. There were ads from sugar daddies looking for young girls to pamper and fuck. I had no desire to be a kept woman, though. Other ads caught my eye, as well. One ‘well hung’ black guy available to fuck husbands’ wives, couples looking for a third, others just looking to get laid. I wondered if (and how often) these ads paid off for these people. But the ones I was most interested in were the ones that mentioned money.

Some ads offered hundreds of dollars an hour for photo shoots, internet photo shoots, and video work. Though they didn’t come out and say it, they were for porn. I couldn’t believe I was seriously considering it. Money was tight as hell. Other choices of money was being a call girl, getting a sugar daddy, or stripping, none of which appealed to me. I wasn’t going to have sex with someone for money. I knew I had a good body and a pretty face. A little nude modeling, a tasteful exposition of the human body, would be perfect. I wrote down three numbers on a notepad and put it on a bookcase shelf in my room.

Two weeks later, I lost two one-hundred dollar bills at work. I’d worked nine hours on a Friday night and went home still owing the restaurant seventy dollars. I went to bed mad as hell -- at myself, at the job of waiting tables, at never being able to get ahead. That next day, around noon, I picked up the pad, and called the first number. A guy answered, he said his name was Roger. He sounded really high-strung, but was some-what amicable. I told him my name was Rachel. He answered my questions and set up a time for me to come and audition. He asked if I had a headshot or portfolio, which was a good sign to me. He said he had some time on Wednesday evening. I got the address and hung up the phone, wondering if I’d made the right decisions. Auditions aren’t that easy to procure. Still, the money looked very good.

That Wednesday came quickly. I didn’t think about it during the days between. The audition itself and the money I might be paid had put me at ease, and that day I calmly packed a bag with make-up, clothes for different looks, headshot and resume with the name Rachel Davies on it, and made the drive.

I pulled up to the place. It was a ranch-style house in Sherman Oaks. I was a bit dubious as I knocked on the door. A man opened the door. He was an inch shorter than me, with receding hairline, lines at the corner of his eyes. We exchanged introductions, his name was Randy. He smiled, invited me in. I became somewhat more accepting of the situation when I saw the equipment inside. Professional lights, photographer’s umbrella, various cameras, computer and editing equipment. A studio was set up inside the house.

“Come in, come in,” he said. “Don’t mind the mess, please, we just finished day one of a three day shoot.” Furniture was arranged in the center of the lights and umbrellas, all antique looking. He ushered me into the dining room, which was set up like a makeshift office, with more computer equipment and a laptop on the dining room table. He himself was wearing very nice clothes, though rather unkempt, expensive looking shoes and watch.

I sat in the chair he indicated and he sat next to me, across the corner of the table from me. He asked if I had a portfolio, I gave him my headshot and resume. “I see you got some acting experience,” he said. “University, high school. Good, good. That’s basically what modeling is, acting, just bit by bit. You know, we do some film as well as print.” He scanned the resume, looked at the headshot. “Did you bring any other shots?” I told him no. He said “That’s alright, I can basically tell you seem pretty photogenic, you look like you have a good face for pictures.”

“Thank you,” I said.

“Now if you don’t mind,” he said. “Could you model for me a bit?”

“Sure,” I said, a little unsure of exactly what to do.

“Basically I need to see how you move, I need to see your body,” he said. “Come on, we can go into the studio.”

I followed him in there, he turned on some of the lights, and I sat on one of the chairs on the stage area.

Picking up a camera, he said “Alright, now, don’t worry, no pictures now. We may later, but right now, all I want to see is you, how you would react to the camera, how you look through the lens.”

I started moving, posing, trying to look at him with feeling, showing at different times lust, mirth, mischief, happiness, seductiveness. He was talking me on, making jokes now and then, complimenting me, putting me at ease. I was wearing a basic blouse and semi-short skirt, and underneath, since I knew what kind of modeling they would be after, a very sexy skimpy bra and panties. So when he asked me to strip down, letting me know I didn’t have to if I didn’t want to, I was ready. And after only a few minutes, he offered me a job. Then and there. A hundred and fifty dollars for a three hour shoot, starting immediately.

The ad had said up to a thousand dollars an hour, so I asked him about it. He told me that rate was for the more elevated shoots they do. If I was interested we could talk about shooting that, but not that night. I agreed, and of course I was interested, thinking of a three thousand dollar night for modeling.

This shoot, he told me, would require some nudity, and if I agreed, I would need to show him some ID. I decided to go for it.

I was a little nervous during the shoot, but Randy really put me at ease making me feel sexy and beautiful. I actually felt a bit turned on, showing off my body like that. And I did some full nudity, most of the time my nipples were hidden, and he never asked me to spread my legs.

After the shoot was over, he peeled off a hundred and fifty, and told me if I ever wanted to make real money, then I should call.

Chapter 2

Two weeks later, fed up at waiting tables and not getting any real auditions, I gave him a call. I wanted to cut the ambiguities and asked him what I could get paid for doing what. He asked what I was willing to do, and I told him it depends on the pay. He told me they weren’t really interested in doing any more of the same shots with me as before. He told me their basic pay structures, per hour. What I did was fifty. If I did poses a bit more explicit, meaning full vagina and touching myself, then it would pay a hundred to a hundred-fifty. Vaginal insertion of dildos or posing with another model, three hundred. Sex, including video, was the thousand-dollars-an-hour payday. I thought about it and decided to do the three hundred dollar an hour stuff. Though I really didn’t want to do the dildo thing. I thought posing with somebody else, no actual sex, would be what I wanted. Randy sounded professional but excited on the phone. We set up an appointment for the next week, schedule allowing for a three day shoot.

I showed up fifteen minutes early the day of the shoot. Randy was there, so were a few other people. I hoped I’d be able to go through with it, I found I was kind of nervous about posing in front of a group. I changed into the outfit he gave me, a simple denim skirt and red blouse. A woman who introduced herself as Sylvia touched up my makeup while Randy and two other guys set up the lighting. The set was pretty much the same as the one before. After about a half-an-hour they got everything set up and ready to go. That’s when Randy introduced me to the other model.

I was a bit surprised to find it was a guy. I sort of had expected it would be another girl (not that I expected to be doing any lesbian stuff, just posing together). He was a little bit taller than me, streaked blonde hair, not bad looking. His name was Jimmy.

Randy ran over the scene for me, we would first shoot me, doing some poses, then we’d bring Jimmy in, do some kissing shots, then start taking off clothing. To finish, we’d have simulated penetration.

I felt sort of like something inside me was floating as we began the shoot. Butterflies. But Randy started talking to me as he clicked off shots, telling me how beautiful I was, and making me laugh. I posed on the couch a bit, doing poses basically suggesting I was horny. I was starting to actually get a little excited, and on one occasion reached through the waistline of my skirt to simulate that I was touching myself, though I actually did.

Randy was really encouraging me, and I had worked myself up quite well when suddenly he introduced Jimmy to the scene. I was told to act as if Jimmy was my boyfriend, and we’d been apart some time. I went to Jimmy and we kissed and flirted a bit. I was giving him coy smiles and seductive eyes. Randy instructed him to put hands on my ass, then my breasts, all the while offering encouragements to both of us. Jimmy was flicking his tongue into my mouth gently, and in the name of realism I began to kiss back, dancing my tongue with his.

Then Randy told me to grope Jimmy’s crotch. My heart was beating hard as I snaked my hand down and felt what was a huge bulge, and a surge of arousal went through my body. After a few moments, Randy directed us to the couch. He went on giving the story, that Jimmy was my boyfriend and this was the night we’d finally decided to have sex for the first time, and we were very much in love. I was still feeling Jimmy’s erection, marveling in how big it felt, and I really did want to see what it looked like, so when Randy gave the direction, I readily unfastened Jimmy’s pants and reached in to pull out his cock.

We continued to kiss as I held his straining cock in my hands, all the while Randy clicked away. Then he instructed me to get down in front of Jimmy and put my face close to his erection as if I was going to suck it. I easily complied, taking the opportunity to view this hunk of man-meat up close. His cock was thick, veins standing out, head purple and swollen. I was fascinated by the sight. If I hadn’t been in front of a camera I would’ve sucked it into my mouth in an instant. Randy told me to get closer, it needed to look as if I was about to engulf it. I held his juicy cock in my hand and opened my mouth, an inch from his glans. I looked up at Jimmy. He was looking straight down at me, his eyes on fire, which turned me on even more. I stroked his cock and moved even closer, a fraction of an inch from actually sucking it. Jimmy groaned. I looked up at him, then back to his cock. A drop of clear precum had formed at the tip of his cock. I desperately wanted to taste him, but held back.

After a few more shots, Randy instructed us to switch positions. I laid back on the couch at an angle. Jimmy, following direction, unzipped my skirt and pulled it off, then feigned licking my inner thigh. After that, he pulled my panties down, camera clicking all the while. He got between my naked thighs, holding out his tongue as if licking. I was sure he could feel the heat, the moistness, emanating from my vagina. I so badly wanted him to get just a little too close and touch my cunt with his tongue.

Randy instructed me to loosen the blouse a bit, making sure I showed cleavage, then close my eyes as if in ecstasy while Jimmy feigned eating me out. After a short but agonizing time, he was instructed to move. Now my blouse and bra quickly came off, as did his clothes, so that we were both naked on the couch in front of the camera.

My eyes were drawn to his swollen member as he moved between my legs. I was so on fire, my pussy was so wet. He posed, his cockhead literally centimeters from my vagina. I so wanted him inside me right then. If he’d decided to fuck me right there, I’d have let him, camera be damned. Then, following direction, we adjusted to simulate sex. I lifted off the couch an inch or two while Jimmy moved closer, his cock slipping under me. When our crotches were pressed together and his cock safely hidden underneath me Randy continued snapping photos. We ground our crotches together, my wetness running spreading. Jimmy kissed me again, and we pressed our bodies together passionately.

Again following direction, we moved. This time I was bent over, one knee on the couch, one off, my hands on the armrest. Jimmy moved close behind me, and I felt his cock brush along my cunt as he moved in close, simulating sex again. He bent close to me, his hands reaching to fondle my breasts which felt so full and sensitive. I closed my eyes, opened my lips and bent my head back in pleasure. Jimmy was moving his hips slightly so that his length was caressing my cunt lips. My pussy was dripping, and soon his cock was slick with my juices. My mind was thinking how easy it would be for him to slip inside me. The way the camera was shooting, it wouldn’t be able to capture it. As I was just about to go out of my mind, we were again directed to change positions.

This time Jimmy sat on the couch while I straddled him. Randy set up behind me and following his instructions, I reached back as if I was guiding Jimmy’s cock to slip inside me. I held his cock, slightly twisting as the waist to reveal my breasts in profile to the camera, and raised up as if about to take him inside me. I let myself get so close that I felt the lips of my pussy touch the tip of his cock. Then I moved Jimmy’s cock up and sat down so that his balls were visible to the camera, but his length was thrust up against my belly. Randy clicked off a few more shots, then moved to get some side angle shots. All the while, Jimmy’s precum slickened cock rubbed against me, making me hotter and hotter.

Without direction, Jimmy leaned up and started to lick my breasts, softly licking the curve of the underside, up around to one nipple and then the other. I was so turned on I didn’t stop him as Randy clicked on the edge of my awareness.

My pussy was gushing as Randy moved to set up behind Jimmy, so that when I lifted up to move Jimmy’s cock behind me, I let myself down a bit as he moved under me, and Jimmy’s cockhead slipped between my cunt lips. It felt so good I dropped down even further, and a good three or four inches of thick, slick cock went inside me. I quickly pulled up and off his cock as Randy rushed to finish setting up. As much as I wanted to fuck him then, I didn’t want a photo of a cock inside me. Jimmy’s cock resting lightly between the cheeks of my ass, I hugged him tight while the tide of my arousal ebbed.

When I composed myself, I rose up, and we ground our crotches together as Randy continued to take photos. I was still hot as hell when he called it a wrap. When he did, Jimmy leaned up and whispered in my ear, “Meet me in the dressing room.”

I knew immediately I would do it, and the look in my eyes let him know it, too.

He slipped off to the back of the house where the dressing room was, and I dressed myself, trying to act composed, while Randy and the others went about shutting things down. I dressed, leaving my underwear off, discreetly stuffing it into my bag. I attempted to look casual as I went back to meet Jimmy.

He was standing, still naked, as I walked into the room, his muscles defined and his cock hanging thick and proud. I dropped my bag, then shut and locked the door behind me. Wasting no time I went to him and we kissed, his cock jutting into my now clothed stomach. He reached right for the zipper of my skirt and I took over, shedding my skirt. We continued kissing as we navigated to the dressing room couch. I felt it behind me and sat, laying back. He knelt between my thighs. My eyes were transfixed on his massive pole as he took it in his hand and brushed against my wet pussy. I know I should have asked if he had a condom, but I don’t think I could've stood waiting even for him to put it on. Thankfully, he didn’t make me wait at all and a groan escaped my lips as he plunged his swollen meat deep into my wet, needy cunt.

His cock filled me like nothing I could imagine. It had been so hard during the shoot, I’d wanted it so bad. He plunged into me over and over, mindlessly fucking me, and I was so worked up already that I had an orgasm after only a few moments. He felt so incredible inside me, my body shook and my legs wrapped around him, my pussy squeezing his huge cock.

His arms on the back of the sofa, he raised up off his knees and rared back and started fucking me hard and fast. I was flying. I put my feet on the edge of the couch and lifted up to meet his thrusts. I knew he was going to cum. I was so hot I didn’t even think or want to tell him to pull out. I wanted to ride this to completion; I wanted his thick cum spurting inside me. With one hand he grabbed me at the waist, settling my ass on the edge of the couch. I lifted my feet up, wrapping my legs loosely around him, squeezing him inside me as he fucked me even harder, slamming down into me, hitting the back of my pussy at the zenith of each thrust. Another orgasm swelled up inside me as over and over he fucked the shit out of me. As it crested, my body spasming, he plunged deep into me, holding me close and tight as his cock shot load after load into my pussy. I could feel the warm semen spread inside me.

We held still for a moment, panting, coming down from our highs, his thick cock still planted inside me. I could feel his seed, our juices, begin to seep out of me. He was looking down at me. “Shit, you are so fucking hot!” he said.
