 I was a paperboy back in the early seventies. I was trying to make enough money to buy my own car. Not a new one but something used, clean and economical to drive. With a car a guy like me could get a better job. With a car and a good paying job a guy like me could get a girl friend. With a car, a good paying job and a girl friend a guy like me could go on dates. Well, that was my mindset. I had a plan and was trying to stick to it. This my story.

I had an early morning route to start with. Back then, papers came out in both morning and evening editions. Anyway, I got up early, folded then loaded my papers onto my Moped and took off. My Moped made me quicker than any other paperboy so I got a very big route going all around town. On a few occasions I watched the pretty young wives in their bathrobes or nightgowns, as they kissed their men good-by. Sometimes I even saw the men grope and squeeze the women right there on the porch. I finished my route just in time to get to school. Once a month I went on collections. Door to door asking for payment for the month's worth of papers. I didn't much care for the person to person part of the job but it was a necessary part. Getting out of school at one O'clock instead of three, got me on the job of collecting my fees, usually in the heat of the day.

As I did my collections, I got to know the people I worked for. Almost all were women at that time of day. The men folk were still at work. Remember that this was before women's lib took over, so a lot of the ladies of the house stayed home. By getting out of school a couple of hours before most people, the women didn't have their kids underfoot. In the beginning the ladies answered the door in their house cleaning attire. An oversized and torn sweatshirt was the norm. They were kind to me and often asked me to come inside while they found a purse full of money or a checkbook. Sometimes they offered me cookies or ice cream. After a few months went by, I started to notice that the women were dressed more provocatively as it was getting to be springtime. Some couldn't stop smiling at me when I showed up.

My first true confession came in mid March. A hotter than normal day and I was making my collections. Mrs. Jones answered her door by asking who it was. I replied that I was collecting for the paper. She opened the door and asked, " Please, come inside." She was tying the two sides of her shirt together. Right in front of me with a square knot right between her amazing melons. I was starring at her dark tanned bulges but caught myself in time to look down her firm flat tummy and see that her short-shorts were still unzipped. Quickly she reached down, pulling the two sides tightly together and zipped them up. I didn't see any hair but I did notice that she was not wearing any panties. This was confirmed when she turned around and walked away from me. Her short-shorts had a lower than low waistline and rode below her ass crack. I was mesmerized watching her butt cheeks push out from beneath her too tight short-shorts. I followed but not too close as she looked for her money. Every time she bent over, I got an eye full of butt. With her legs a little bit spread, I thought I saw part of her everything. Just a little pink, I think. Once she even bent over while facing me and I saw down the front of her shirt. She moved sideways and her breasts swayed back and forth allowing me to see first her right nipple and then her left.

Finally she found her money and paid me in cash. She included a sizeable tip for my being so patient while she looked around for her money. I told her, "I don't mind. You're a real nice lady." With that she grabbed me and hugged me tight. Saying, "You're so cute I could just kiss you." And she did. I was so surprised that I didn't know what to do. So I went and kissed her back. I held her as she held me. Putting my right hand on the back of her shoulder and then my left went to her lower back. We were in an embarrassment for several seconds till we broke the kiss but kept holding each other close. She got a broad smile on her face as she looked into my eyes. I gave her shoulder a squeeze then I realized that my left hand was partway down her ass crack. When I tried to step back, she grabbed on and pulled me close again. Her soft chest was touching my chest. She took my left hand and slid it further down the top of her butt crack and giggled. Taking it one step closer, I put my right hand on the exposed underside of her left butt cheek and squeezed it. As I squeezed and probed she closed her eyes and said, "That's a good boy." And giggled some more. Once again, I kissed her. But this time she opened her mouth. I almost pulled away when her tongue darted into my mouth. Slowly I got the idea and put my tongue in her mouth. I don't know how long we swapped tongues but when we broke she told me, "That was nice. By the way, I have more to play with than a butt." 

She pushed me away just enough so that I could look down and see her abundant cleavage swelling up between the two sides of her shirt. "Were you ever a Boyscout?" She asked. Puzzled, I told her. "Sure."

"Then you must know how to untie a square knot." She said smirking. "I can tie one so I should be able to untie one." I said rather unsure what she was getting at. "Then prove it!" She demanded. "Untie my shirt." I looked at her chest for a long time. Then I got the courage to take the two ends of her shirt and untied them. She giggled some more as my struggle paid off and I set her boobs free at last. They didn't sag at all but swayed gently from side to side. Her nipples were hard as chocolate chips atop Oreo cookies. When I reached for one, she giggled some more. I looked into her eyes and she said softly, "Go ahead." I touched one nipple and squeezed the other tit. Her tit was as soft as her nipple was hard. 

She was breathing deeper now. With every breath, her boobs wiggled. Then she shook her shoulders back and her shirt dropped to the floor. I stopped and stared. Her boobs were bigger than I could have expected. Standing strait out from her chest. When she shook her shoulders, her boobies shook too. They stopped just a half a beet after the rest of her body. I started to fondle them again and she said to me, "You can suck on them if you like." Taking her suggestion, I rapped my lips around her left nipple and squeezed both boobs. She moaned then giggled. Whispering in my ear, "You're turning me on…Why don't you take off your shirt?" Quickly she reached for the underside of my shirt and pulled it over my head. I put a liplock back on her other nipple as I groped them some more. With a slight quiver in her voice she said softly, "You have a nice body. Muscles on your chest and shoulders. Umm, that feels good." As I continued to lick and suck her tits. She continued to whisper, "I'm getting wet. If you help me out of my shorts you'll be able to see and feel how much." I was a little slow to react so she put one of my hands down the front of her shorts. My fingers touched her something and she wiggled. "Unzip me please…Quickly now." I unsnapped then pulled down the zipper. She gave her hips a sexy wiggle and I helped her shorts go down passed her knees and off. She took a small step and I stared at her. First I stared at her pussy all clean free of hair. Then I looked at her hard tummy and then her firm tits. Up then down and back again. She was magnificent. My first.

"I think someone is overdressed, don't you?" She said as she bent down and started to unsnap and unzip my pants. When she pulled them all the way down she exclaimed, "Oh, I love briefs. Nothing shows with boxers. But these show that you care. Way out to here." With that she turned around. Walked to the lazy boy showing one fine wiggling ass. Then she sat down, facing me with her legs spread wide. "Please pull off your briefs but do it slowly. I like to watch." She said with a wink and a smile.

I pulled the waistband over my inflated hard on. My purple helmet now in her view. She moaned and giggled. Then I slipped my briefs down all the way. I stood in front of her, staring at her naked body. She in turn stared at my hard cock as it pulsed up and down. Then after we had enough looking. "I think you better follow me." She said, still smiling. She stood up and walked down the hall with me close behind. At one point I just had to grab her wiggling ass and she jumped. She went into the bedroom and stopped quickly. My hardon went right between her butt cheeks and she let out a squeal. Then she hopped onto the bead and lying face up, beckoned me to lie next to her. I got on the bed and crawled on top of her. She spread her legs so I was between them and Mrs. Jones said, "Go ahead. Do me." She took my hard cock and pointed it at her wet spot. I moved in and she slid my head through her slot getting me all wet. Slowly I slid it inside of her. With her hard nipples heaving up at my chest, I lay down on top of her and started pumping. This new sensation of hot, wet and tight all over my hard cock, made me extra excited. I slammed it in and pulled it out, over and over. Soon I just had to put it in hard as I could and with all my mite. I came and came in the deepest part of her pussy. I was coming and could feel her pussy filling up around me. Soon she was overflowing onto my balls. I kept pumping my spewy and it ran out and down our legs. She was making some unintelligible sounds under her breath. My soggy balls slapped her underside. I could feel something building deep inside her. I was still pumping when she cried out and shook all over. It started in her pussy and went down her legs to her curled up toes. Then it went back up to her chest, shoulders, neck and head. I looked and her eyes were closed tight and her teeth were clenched. I pumped a little bit more but was running out. My body and hers were covered in sweat and cum juice. I gave her a kiss and she still had her teeth clenched. I had to stop pumping but left my hard cock deep inside her. As my own breathing started to get back to normal, my cock went half soft . I looked over and she rolled face down onto her pillow. I marveled at her butt. It's full roundness, firmness, symmetry and texture. I started to rub her butt. It was covered with the same sweat and cum that covered most of my lower half. So I rubbed in circles. I thought she was sleeping but she wiggled her butt when I touched her butt hole. Still moving in circles, I made a pass through her pinkness. She jumped a little. I got a handful of cum from her pink spot and stroked back to her butt hole. By pressing my slimy fingers on her hole, two of them went inside. As I twisted them around she raised her head and exhaled.

She slowly sat up forcing my fingers out of her hole. Looking at my manhood she smiled and asked, "Don't you ever get soft?" I answered her; "I was soft for a few minutes after I rolled off of you. Then the sight of your butt got me up again. Is that OK?" She didn't say anything more but slowly got on top of me and sat down on my pole. She would lower herself down on my cock then raise herself up using the power of her legs. She would overflow onto my balls everytime she sat down on me. I reached up and cupped her tits in my hands as she rode me up and down. She then put her hands on top of mine and squeezed. One more time we came together on her down stroke. She shook all over and raised back up. This time she sat down hard and fast. This made globs of cum go all over us. We were wet tired and out of breath.

I got soft inside her pink as she rested back on her hands. "You know my husband will be home in three hours don't you?" She asked, still impaled on me. "I need a shower. We smell like sex and I need to change the sheets before my man gets home." I was resting now and she slid off of me. She stood next to the bed and said, "Come on. Let's get in the shower. You can't go home smelling like this either." Just the sight of her in the nude walking around was having an effect on me. Then I got up and walked with her. I never before walked around the house nude. It was an extraordinary experience. And when we passed a full-length mirror, I saw us both and got hard again.

She stepped into the shower and I got in with her. The water came on and we started to clean up. Looking at me she said, "I'll clean you and then you can clean me. It's just more efficient that way that's all. And by the way, this will never happen again, OK?" She soaped me up and rubbed me all over. She washed my ass and my cock and balls. Then my chest and back. Washing my legs led back to my cock and balls. She was careful to rinse me clean. That's when I had to ask, "Why can't we do this again? Was I bad?"

"No. No. You did great. It's just that you came by while I was using my vibrator. I had a need and you had a need too and we did what needed to be done. But I'm happily married and I want to stay that way." Then I asked, "Why don't you have hair on your pussy? I like to look at it but I always thought women had hairy pussies." Still holding me by the cock she answered, "I like sex. I like oral sex as well as intercourse. Do you know about oral sex?"

"Oral? You mean with the mouth. I don't understand." So she licked the underside of my hardon. I twitched a little. Then she sucked it. Then she sucked the whole thing into her mouth. This went on for only a short time till I exploded in her mouth. My dick was spent now. No more boner. No more squirts. 
She told me. "You better wash me now don't you think?" So I lathered her up and washed her clean. At this point, I was bent over at eye level with her pussy. "So this is the first and last time we do it?"

"That's right. That's just how it has to be."

"So you shave it so it can be licked and sucked?" I asked curiously. She gave an "Ah Ha." So I lick her bare slit. Then I sucked her pink lips. She leaned back against the wall. Then I sucked her little button at the top of her slit. She jumped and said, "That's the place." I continued to suck and she pled with me, "Right there. Suck right fuckin there." I sucked and reached up to hold her bare ass. She leaned hard against the wall and I took her up in my hands with my elbows rested on my thighs. Her feet were off the ground and she draped her legs over my shoulders. I licked and sucked till she shrieked in delight. Her cum juice ran down my face and she shrieked some more. 

"Never again?" I asked quickly then went back to sucking and tonguing her spot. She came back with, "Last time. I'm sorry." I sucked some more and she rapped her legs around my head. 'That's it. Right fuckin therrrrre." When she was finished cumming in my mouth she let my head loose but rested her legs on my shoulders. I kept sucking and she said softly, "Maybe next month on collections day." I put my tongue deep between her lips and sucked her clit some more. "Oh. No." She exclaimed. "Not again. I can't take it again. There. That's the place. Right there. Do me right there and you can do me once a weeeeeek."