 Under the influence of 3 drinks, Judy was getting flirty, while Deborah seemed to withdraw. Judy had just broached the subject of sex: she'd asked me to talk about the strangest thing my wife and I had done. I answered truthfully, "Well, you might find it pretty weird, but hopefully not creepy weird." I went on to explain how a medical condition had made sex prohibitively painful for my ex, dating back 15 years or so.

Deborah was listening intently, while Judy was asking the questions. "Wow, no actual sex for 15 years?"

"Well, this is the sort of weird part. What we did instead was," I began to try to describe my sex life at home before my divorce, but it was kind of delicate, as I'd had a professional work relationship with these ladies a few years back, and felt uncomfortable using crude language. In fact I had supervised both, although not at the same time. I continued, "she used to...um...tease me for a while, then I would go dow...uh, eat...um, lick...ah, give her oral."

Our meeting at the restaurant was purely coincidental, having arrived at the same time. I was there to order take-out; they ate there together every Tuesday as a matter of habit. Judy suggested we hit the bar first to catch up. I was telling them about my recent divorce. I knew they were both divorced.

"What about your needs?" Judy asked.

"Oh, I...took care of myself."

Judy made circle with her hand and did a jerk off pantomime; she had always been just a little bit crude. "Yeah that's pretty weird all right. Bet you're glad that's over."

Deborah remained silent, a serious look on her face, but it seemed to me that her breathing was getting a little faster, barely noticeable. 

I said, "Well, you know, you get accustomed to something and, it starts to feel normal..."

We were in a booth, Judy and I on one side, Deborah across from us. Judy moved closer and began to touch the top of my leg lightly every time she spoke, about half-way between knee and groin.

"I bet you miss the kinky stuff, don't you?" Judy said with a giggle.

I think I blushed a little bit. I didn't say anything, but I did kind of look off into space for a moment, remembering, and started to smile. When I realized what I was doing, I shook my head, as if to clear the cobwebs.

"Oh yeah, look at that face - you wish you could it again, don't you," Judy said teasingly, a half-smile on her face, eyes narrowing slightly. 

The light touches on my thigh were starting to have an effect; I found myself starting to become aroused. There was nothing really objectionable about Judy; she was in her 50's (like me), in reasonably good condition; she had what you might call average sized breasts, and black hair (obviously dyed). She just wasn't a pretty girl. But pretty is not the same as sexy. I'd never considered Judy sexy before, but I was married back then, to a pretty woman.

I hesitated for a moment, studying her face for a clue as to where she was steering this discussion. "I guess I haven't given it much thought," I finally said. Judy smirked at that. Even Deborah smiled just a little. I knew I was busted. I continued, "I suppose...but I would have to...I mean, where would I...I mean, it's not the sort of thing you can just bring up in any conversation."

"You brought it up in this one. Sounds like an invitation," Judy said with a laugh. This time she let her hand rest on my thigh. I decided to act as though I didn't notice. I figured at that point that she was game for just about anything, but still, I was reluctant to discuss it. Fear of rejection has cost me many opportunities over my lifetime, what's one more?

"No," I said, "I mean, uh, that's not really what I meant - I've never discussed it with anybody, so...and I didn't start this conversation anyway."

A few minutes of silence, the three of us sipping our cocktails and eyeing each other. Deborah, also in her 50's, had wide shoulders, extra wide hips, and small breasts. Her long blonde hair was pulled back into a pony tail, hanging limply. Neither of these ladies would be the subject of anyone's fantasy, but we had worked together for several years, and I considered them friends.

Lucky for me, Judy wasn't giving up so easily. "I don't know, what do you think, Deb? I think he wants to play," she said.

Deborah's expression never changed. Her face was impossible to read, but I knew her pretty well; I knew if something offended her, she'd let us know about it. If she had any objections at all to the topic of conversation, Deborah would have put a stop to it.

Trying not to sound nervous, I said, "Are you saying...," I paused.

"Go on," Judy pushed me to finish, leaning towards me, sliding her hand over, her fingers coming to rest on the inseam of my trousers.

"Ok," I plowed along, "That doesn't sound like fun to you?" I laughed nervously. I wanted it to sound like light-hearted flirting, but I think I was coming across as rather pathetic.

Judy didn't miss a beat, "Are you kidding? Where do I sign up?" she said with a smile. As she spoke, she straightened up a little, drawing her hand higher on my thigh.

Finally Deborah spoke up, "Wait a second, are you saying you'd do that with just anybody." She hadn't smiled since the topic turned to sex, and I half expected her to get up and walk away in a huff.

"No, no that's not what I'm saying at all." 

With this, I slumped back on the seat, thrusting my hips forward and opened my legs a little, toying with Judy. But she didn't give an inch. She held her hand steady, and the tip of my half-hard dick made contact with Judy's wrist - just barely, but I noticed her eyes widen for a second.

"Oh, so you were just teasing us then," said Judy with a twinkle in her eye. She started tapping the inside of my thigh with her fingertips. My cock grew a little longer, pressing a little harder into her wrist.

"No, not teasing. Is that a yes?" 

"Yeah. How 'bout you, Deb?"

Deborah blushed with embarrassment and looked away, but I'm pretty sure I saw a fleeting glimmer of a smile cross her face. When she turned back to face us, she leaned in and spoke very quietly and seriously, "so you're offering oral sex for what, a little bit of cock teasing?"

When she said that, my dick sprang to attention, pushing solidly against Judy's wrist. She stopped tapping and drew her arm back just a hair, resting her hand firmly against the tip of my erection.

Judy raised her glass, saying, "Way to go Deborah! Always gets right to the bottom of things!" She drained her glass in 3 big gulps. She was starting to get a little tipsy.

"Well...that makes it sound like a transaction. I can't believe we're actually talking about this." I could feel the sweat on my forehead, even though it was quite cool in the bar. I suddenly felt very thirsty, so I upended my own glass, gulping down the last half of a Black Russian. I was just drunk enough to say, "You wouldn't have to do anything, unless you felt like it."

Judy was kind of restless, moving around on the seat, drawing her arm in slightly so that the fingertips of her left hand were moving around on the head of my dick. She was playing it cool, as if she hadn't noticed. There had never been even the slightest suggestion of a physical relationship back when we were working together, but I always had the impression that she was a real party girl.

Deborah had some pretty pointed questions of her own: "Are we expected to completely undress during this exercise?"

My dick began to twitch involuntarily under this line of questioning, a fact not lost on Judy, who was starting to grin. 

I answered, "No expectations - just whatever you're comfortable with..."

"What about you? Are you going to be naked?"

My dick spasmed so hard that it startled Judy, who pulled her hand away and put it on the table.

I answered, "Probably, if you were okay with it." 

I think Judy liked this answer, judging by the way she returned her hand to its previously resting place, only this time, her palm landed squarely on the head of my dick, causing me to gasp softly. She held her hand in place, not removing it but not moving it at all either. But there was no pretense of "accidental contact."

Deborah spoke matter-of-factly, as if we were talking about putting together a PTA committee or something, "It sounds like you're offering oral sex with no strings attached."

"Sure."

"Ok then, count me in. Where do you want to do it?" 

"Wait a second," Judy said, "both of us? Really?" As she spoke, she pressed down on my dick. I thought I would cream my pants. She pushed her body against mine, put her left arm around my shoulders and brought her right hand across to my lap. She was tracing the outline of my cock with her fingertips. That really drives me wild. She didn't know it, but at that moment, I'd have done anything she wanted.

Just like that, out of the blue, I'm getting a hand job in a bar, while making a kinky sex date with two women! Fifty-four years old, and nothing like this had ever happened to me before.

Deborah answered, "Not at the same time. Don't be silly." If she knew what Judy was doing under the table, she didn't let on.

"Ok," said Judy, "but let's keep our clothes on and do the cock teasing together."

They'd both used the word "cock." For some reason, I found that extremely hot. I gulped. "You mean, like, right now?"

"Why not," said Judy, "you don't have any appointments, do you?"

I looked from Judy to Deborah and back to Judy. They seemed serious. "Come on, follow me to my house," Judy said, starting to gather her things.

Soon they were seated on the sofa, and I was sitting on a chair in Judy's living room. We were making small talk; at least, Judy and I were talking. Judy was animated, excited and nervous. I was mostly just nervous as hell, but Deborah was more reserved, sitting still with a serious expression. It was Deborah who took charge of the situation. She spoke without smiling.

Deborah finally spoke up, "Okay, let's get started. Stand up."

I slowly rose from my chair. Judy couldn't sit still, bouncing on the sofa, an excited look in her eyes, like a teenage girl about to meet Justin Bieber.

"Take off your clothes," Deborah said.

I unbuttoned my shirt and took it off. Next I kicked off my shoes. I took a deep breath, and managed to relax somewhat. I decided to act exactly as if I were in my bedroom alone. I unceremoniously lowered my trousers and stepped out of them. The rock-hard erection I'd been sporting just minutes before had wilted considerably, but while removing my socks I looked over at Judy. Her eyes were locked on to my crotch. So were Deborah's, but her expression was more one of appraisal, unlike Judy's uncontained excitement. 

Under the gaze of these two women, my cock started to stiffen once again. I shoved my briefs to the floor and stepped out of them. Judy was laughing and giggling like a schoolgirl. I was so nervous that my dick was shriveling. I hoped it wouldn't reach its smallest size, which is really laughable; my hard-on is not spectacular, but it is at least respectable.

I stood there motionless (except for my dick) as they looked on, watching my dick shrink, then start growing again. It felt like it might grow to full size, but it stopped about halfway. 

"Come sit here," Deborah instructed, patting the sofa between the two women. I complied, passing between Judy and the coffee table. The head of my dick passed right in front of her nose, she could have reached it with her tongue without moving her head, but she just watched.

With Deborah watching, Judy got a firm grip on my balls with one hand, and a much looser grip on my cock with the other. As she massaged my balls, rolling them around in her palm, she started shifting her fingers on my dick, just grasping it lightly between her fingertips for a couple seconds before shifting her fingers around. That was driving me crazy! Then she settled into a rhythm of simple, slow, up and down strokes, head to base and back, with a light touch. Deborah moved in closer, leaning against my left side, while Judy was on my right. Deborah reached into her purse, pulled out a small bottle of hand lotion and squeezed a large dollop on my dick. Judy was applying a steady, consistent, relentless stroking. She was not applying enough pressure to get me off, but it was enough to push me to the edge.

After 5 minutes or so she stopped and Deborah picked right up where Judy left off. I know it was 8:00 because Judy turned on the television to a cop show, which we watched as they continued to tag team me. They watched TV; I was so desperate to cum, I couldn't see straight. Every time I got close, and started thrusting my hips, they just ceased all contact with my cock until I settled back down. This happened over and over, I don't know how many times, until the hour-long TV show ended. I was a basket case by then, sitting there with a glazed look, breathing heavily. 

Deborah spoke up, "You can go first, I'll wait."

Without speaking, Judy stood up with a big grin on her face. She took my hand and led me out into the hallway and down to a bedroom.

"This is the spare room," she said, "I didn't feel like doing this in my bed. You want me lying on the bed?"

"The bed," I said, "or if the chair is more comfortable, that would be fine, too," I answered, indicating an easy chair in the corner.

"Chair it is," said Judy. She spread a towel out on the chair. "I'm not sure I'm comfortable taking my clothes off in front of you."

"Want me to wear a blindfold?"

"Yeah, that's a great idea." She took a scarf out of the dresser drawer, folded it over a few times and tied it around my head. "Perfect," she said. I could hear the sound of her jeans being unzipped and pushed to the floor. She moved to the chair and sat down. "Come on," she said.

I complied without speaking, dropping to my knees in front of her. I reached up to find her legs with my hands. I spread them apart and lifted her knees to my shoulders. I could smell the odor of her arousal, and it was turning me on.

When I was close, she pulled my head into her crotch. I got a mouthful of hair at first. It was okay, my ex-wife was like that. I recognized a tangy flavor, and a slightly bitter taste of stale urine; that doesn't bother me. I worked my tongue through the tangle of hair until I reached her pussy lips. I started with a gentle, slow licking action, occasionally contacting her clit. After a few minutes, she grabbed my hair and started grinding my face against her pussy. I was licking and sucking hard. She came hard and loud, covering my face with her juices. She cried out several times before pushing my face back out of her pussy, but she didn't let go. I continued breathing hot air onto her pussy as she recovered from her orgasm. After a minute or two she pulled my face back in and I started the process over again.

After her second orgasm, she thanked me and told me to wait right where I was. I complied, remaining on my knees, blindfolded, as I heard her dress and leave the room. I spent about 5 minutes picking the hair out of my mouth, before I heard someone else enter the room and close the door. I heard Deborah's voice laughing and saying, "She really did blindfold you, I thought she was just joking."

"Yup, she said she didn't want me to see her naked."

"I like it," said Deborah, plopping down on the chair in front of me. "Well? What are you waiting for?"

I slowly moved towards her, until my nose came into contact with her pussy. Her blonde hair was much thinner than Judy's, and didn't get in the way at all. Unlike Judy, she didn't say anything, or put her hands on my head. I start slowly licking her pussy, pushing my tongue a little deeper each time I felt like she was getting a little wetter. She wasn't giving me any feedback, except the flow of juices, so I was just feeling my way. I kept this up for a long time before she finally started to move her hips. 

We established a rhythm, slow and steady. After another long interval, she started to make a noise, just a soft moan whenever I came into contact with her clit. She began to lift her hips to meet my tongue. There was a gradual build up, with increasing intensity until she drew in a big breath and stopped moving completely. At that moment, a large quantity of fluid gushed out of her pussy, filling my mouth. It was more than I could swallow. I laid my head on her thigh, breathing in her scent, while her breathing returned to normal. She stood up, got dressed and left the room without saying a word. 

It felt like I'd spent the better part of an hour with Deborah. My back and neck were getting stiff, so rested my torso on the chair. Judy came back into the room saying, "What the heck, you guys were in here for an hour and fifteen minutes! You only spent like a half hour with me. I want another turn."

Without waiting for a reply, she plopped down into the chair, grabbed my head and buried my face in her crotch. Two hours non-stop is a lot of pussy-eating, and my tongue was getting sore, not to mention the ache in my back. But I did my best, and had Judy screaming again in a relatively short time.

When it was over and she stood to get dressed, I slumped over the chair, to rest my aching back. 

"Wow," I said, "that was pretty amazing."

"You're telling me," Judy said.

She removed my blindfold, grasped my upper arm and guided me to my feet. Taking me by the hand, she led me back to the living room. Deborah smiled at me, and motioned me over to sit by her. I thought I'd be getting dressed, but who was I to argue?

Once we were situated on the sofa, and they started playing with my cock and balls. After about an hour of continual edging, they both took their hands off me, stood up and started saying goodbye. Judy picked up my clothes and handed them to me.

That was the last time I saw Deborah, but for the next few years, Judy and I had a standing date, meeting two days a week for oral sex. Unfortunately, she only touched my dick that first time. After that, I just ate her out until she was satisfied, then left. For a time, I got naked during, but after a while, she stopped asking me to undress. I guess I could have taken the initiative. We broke it off when she remarried.

Judy did talk about me to her friends, though, and I started getting calls from women, most of whom I had never met. And those women talked to their friends, and so on. It's surprising, the number of women who will accept no-strings-attached oral sex from a stranger, as long as it's a referral from a friend. Usually I go to her place, but if she's married I don't mind inviting her to mine.

Almost every day now, I get a phone call, or sometimes just a text with an address. I often get two or more in one evening, sometimes at the same address. I'm especially busy on the weekends. My favorites are the ones who let me take off my clothes. It's a real treat if she wants to play with my dick for a while. If I'm really lucky, she'll watch me jerk off. My dick hasn't seen the inside of a vagina in, I forget how many years, maybe 25, maybe more. 

Although I have a lot of regulars, most of the time it's someone I've never met; but I always go. It isn't always pleasant, but I never turn anyone down because every once in a while, it turns out to be a young (I'm talking under 40), hot, clean, sweet pussy that just makes it all worthwhile.