 Being your own boss is great, no-one tells you what to do, everyone is deferential towards you and you basically get whatever you want, even to the point of hiring and firing people. On this occasion as I looked across the room at the beautiful, well stacked body of Georgina, I was remembering with particular pleasure the day I had decided to hire her as a secretary in the accounts department. She was not the most qualified candidate for the job, but her qualifications were adequate and her other 'assets' had ensured that she was ahead of the competition.

Now Georgie was no youngster, but at 45 years old she was a hell of a good looking woman, one might say she was a stereotypical MILF. She stood at about 5 foot seven and about 120 lbs, with light brown hair that she usually wore 'up' and the most enchanting brown eyes. She had the most beautiful, well endowed body I have ever seen. Her tits had got to be 38D and most men, including myself couldn't take their eyes off them, - a phenomena which clearly amused Georgie as she used them to her full advantage, often leaning forward in front of people to show off her lovely cleavage. She had left many of my employees needing a bathroom break after chatting to them for five minutes. 

Her waist was not slim, but she didn't in any way carry any weight either and she had the most gorgeously rounded ass and lovely legs to support it. In short, she was every man's wet dream and I was lucky enough to be her boss.

Georgie had never been anything but prim and proper with me, displaying none of the flirting or provocative behavior she did with the other men, which sometimes disappointed me, but I guess she thought she needed to be more circumspect with the boss and curtailed her flirty antics. We had merely had polite discussions about her two grown up children, who were now at college and her husband of 20 years, who she described as "a pain in the ass." I had overheard her on a couple of occasions complaining to one of the other women how he wasn't interested in sex anymore, - a situation I just could not fathom because just looking at this woman gave me a hard on! 

On this particular day everything about our employer / employee relationship was about to change and I would never see Georgie in the same light again. As she entered my office, I noticed that today she was wearing a particularly low cut woolen dress and as she walked towards me I noticed her tugging at it around the waist as though it was making her uncomfortable. 

"Having problems?" I asked as she approached my desk.

"No, - Nothing losing a few pounds wouldn't correct." she jokingly replied.

"You've got to be kidding me" I said. "You look great,- you don't need to lose any weight."

"Thanks for that, - but I'm just not happy with my body." She complained.

Before I thought what I was saying, my next few words were out, as I heard myself say, " Well I am very happy with your body."

I couldn't believe it, - what had I said? What was I thinking? I waited to be verbally slapped down, but I wasn't. She just gave a cheeky smile and said "well thanks, kind sir."

I pressed my luck and said, " I always think you look very sexy and well, in that woolen dress and the way it clings to your body, it's enough to drive a man wild."

"But does it drive you wild?" She inquired in a saucy, jokey manner, obviously testing the ground.

"yes, - watching you always drives me wild." I answered.

She now turned away as if to walk out the door. I thought I had blown it, but my twitching cock instantly went to full attention when she did not walk out as I expected, instead I saw her hand reach down and lock the door. Now my staff are used to my door being locked, they know when it is that I am giving something my full attention and don't want to be disturbed. That was certainly the case at the moment!

As she turned back to me from the door she said, "Perhaps you would like a closer inspection?"

"I would actually like a test drive," I heard myself say.

I couldn't believe my luck, here I had the sexiest woman I had seen in years, offering herself to me. But we were both married, so this couldn't happen. That thought flew through my mind and was quickly erased as this hot vixen entered my personal space.

She was now inches away from me, - we were eye to eye wondering who was going to make the first move and then I moved my head towards hers. As I approached, she parted her lips and our mouths gently touched. I felt her tongue dart into my mouth as we began to French kiss. I pulled her close to me so that I could feel those awesome tits pressing against my chest and as she put her arms around my neck, I slid my hand down to her ass and gently pulled her into contact with my now raging cock. She broke the kiss with the words, "Well, well, who's a big boy then."

"That's the effect you have on me," I gasped. "But what about your husband and my wife?"

"Well he hasn't paid me any sexual attention for years, so he deserves what he gets" she said, still slowly grinding herself against my cock. "As for your wife, that's your decision, but I'm not going to tell and well, what she doesn't know can't hurt her."

There is an old saying that 'a hard cock has no conscience' and with this beautiful sexy woman in close proximity and obviously begging to be fucked, any resistance in my mind melted away. We rejoined our necking session with renewed ardor and I felt one of her hands drop from my neck, only to feel it a second later as it began to rub my swollen cock.

I felt the zip of my trousers lowered and then I felt her fingers gently pull down the front of my Y fronts and her fingers gently wrap around my dick. She broke our deep, French kiss and stepped away as she used her other hand to undo the belt of my pants and within a couple of seconds both my pants and Y fronts were on the floor around my ankles as she stepped back close to me to resume our kiss simultaneously beginning to slowly, rhythmically jack me off. 

Although I was disappointed when she again broke our kiss, her full lips and soft mouth doing their magic and the sensation of her tongue in my mouth making sure my erection was at full tilt, I couldn't believe my luck when she dropped to her knees in front of me.

"mmmm, a nice snack before lunch" she said as she ran her tongue down the length of my eight inches. She then gently and sensuously took the first two inches of my manhood into her soft, accommodating mouth. She slowly withdrew and then took it in again, building a nice gentle rhythm. I couldn't believe it, my wife didn't like to give blowjobs, but occasionally, under pressure from me, she would give me one, but it was quick and perfunctory and obviously done without enjoyment, whereas the woman at my knees who was now taking more and more of my cock down her beautiful throat, was obviously relishing her task. I gently placed my hand to cradle her neck as I began to slowly take over the rhythm and fuck her throat. In response, she dropped the hand that was holding the base of my dick so that I had the perfect view of almost the entire length of my cock disappearing into her mouth. After a minute or two, I felt my juices rising and sensing this she stopped sucking me off, holding the base of my shaft to prevent me cumming. She looked up at me and said, "not yet. I have other things for you to do." 

I replied by saying, "yes, much as I would love to cum in your mouth. I want to fuck you."

"Maybe next time." she said. It was hard to believe that this stunning woman was inviting me to cum in her mouth next time we met, - this was something my wife had never let me do. 

As she stood up, she made sure she rubbed those lovely tits against my balls and dick and all the way up the rest of my body. As she did so I managed to reach behind her and find the zipper to he woolen dress. As I pulled it down, she performed a little 'shimmy' and the dress fell to the floor, which left her standing in her bra and panties. I now realized just how sexy this woman's body was and marveled that a woman of 45 still looked so damned good. I again reached behind her and unhooked her bra. As it fell to the floor her gorgeous large yet firm breasts came into full view. I must have looked like a dumbstruck teenager standing with his mouth gaping in awe, because she just giggled and said "they have that effect on a lot of people. Why don't you do something with them instead of just looking at them?" I took her by the hand and led her to the sofa in the corner of my office. I sat down and guided her to sit next to me to my right. As she sat I started kissing her again whilst simultaneously massaging her now fully exposed tits. She just groaned into my mouth as our tongues again met. She let her hand drop and started to massage my balls, whilst I moved my attentions from kissing her to slowly sucking on one of her engorged nipples. I let my hand wander down to her bush and soon felt her sopping wet slit. I inserted a finger and began to slowly fuck her with it. "Oh God yes." she gasped, "But why don't you put that lovely cock in there now?" I of course obeyed. I motioned for her to swing over from my right so that she was straddling me, those huge and heavy tits now inches away from my face. She reached down for my cock and slowly guided it into the entrance to her warm and very wet love hole. It felt warm, wet and tight as she slowly lowered herself onto me inch by inch until I was balls deep into her. She just held her position, eyes closed, - savoring the moment and then she started slowly and rhythmically bouncing up and down on my rock hard shaft. Watching those lovely mounds of flesh bouncing up and down in font of my face was a sight to behold. I couldn't believe I was actually fucking this gorgeous married MILF, or should I say she was fucking me. We held this position for a few minutes and then I asked her to kneel on the floor because I wanted to fuck her from behind. 

"Oh yes." she said. "All my husband used to do, when we did have sex was the missionary position and then it was over in a flash."

"I am going to fuck you hard from behind," I said,, "And I'm going to send you home to your husband with a belly full of my cum."

All I heard was "Yes please." as she moved onto the floor, onto her knees her arms supported on the sofa. The sight I caught of those gigantic breasts hanging down was awesome as I moved behind her and entered my dick back into that lovely hole. I started by withdrawing almost all eight inches of my dick before ramming it back in to the hilt and slowly built a rhythm until I was fucking her hard and fast. She was gasping for breath, her tits swaying back and forth as she announced, "I'm cumming." She lost her balance for a moment as she her orgasm tipped over the edge, but I soon regained my position and resumed ramming her hard. I felt my own juices rising and she seemed to realize this saying, "Come on, fill me with your cum." I duly obliged, emptying what felt like a bucket full of jizz into her. I felt my cock throbbing as it emptied each spurt into her. 

We then both collapsed onto the sofa and just sat there for about fifteen minutes just kissing while I massaged and played with her tits and she tickled and massaged my balls and cock.

"You had better get back to work before you get me all excited again." I eventually managed to say, knowing that I would at some point have to tear myself away from this incredible woman and her awesome body before someone became suspicious as to what was happening.

"Yes sir" she said as she stood up and started to dress. "But if there is anything I can do for the boss, I hope he will call?"

"Oh definitely he will!" I replied. In fact, if you'd like some overtime tonight, there are a few things I need attending to.

She gave me a cheeky grin as she unlocked the door and began to disappear through it. "See you later then."

I couldn't wait!