 He was my star pupil, and very popular with his classmates. Tommy was also very handsome and mature for his 18 year of age.

It was one day, after school had ended for the day and most teachers and staff had left. I remained behind, grading papers that I had required of the students in my Literature classes. Tommy walked in and caught me by surprise.

“I was hoping you were still here, Miss Daniels. I have a question to ask you.”

“Oh Tommy,” I said as I laughed and placed my hand over my heart, as if to stop the sudden jump of my heart that his unexpected presence had caused, “sure, come on in. You’re here late.”

He just grinned, “Football practice.”

“Oh that is right,” I said. I got up from my chair and sat on the corner of my desk, while he stood in front of me. “Ho can I help you?”

“Well I wanted to talk to you about.... Something that I feel I can trust you with,” Tommy began, looking into my eyes.

I became concerned for my student immediately and motioned for him to sit down, only he shook his head. 

“Is everything ok?” I ask him.

“Well.... I don't know how go about this,” he sighed. “Well, there is this young woman I am attracted to, an older woman.”

“Oh?” I asked, sort of relieved. I was expecting to hear that he was in trouble. “That should be flattering to anyone.”

“Well, I would hope so,” he smiled at me, “The problem is that she is in a position of authority and anything between us is forbidden...” Tommy trailed off and started looking at the floor. Then he turned around and looked at me intently, “but she is so beautiful! I can just sit there and look at her all day!”

I was becoming uncomfortable by this. I began to wonder who he was talking about. “I wish I knew what to tell you, Tommy,” I said slowly after a moment of silence. “Is there something I can help you with?”

He stepped closer to me, “well, Miss Daniels, you can tell me how you feel about me.”

I stood up and placed my hands in front of me, as if to ward him off. “Whoa,” I said. “You have a crush on me?”

“Its more than a crush,” he confided in me, “I want to be with you.”

I took a step back and he came closer to me, “Tommy, a relationship between us would be impossible,” I exclaimed. “Y-you are my student!” 

“I know that,” Tommy groaned and turned away from for a moment. “I have tried fighting it, but I can’t help myself,” he muttered.

“But you must,” I insisted.

He moved before I could react. One moment we were standing a few feet apart, then next moment he was kissing me, and I was kissing him back,

Then I came to my senses. Pushing against hi chest and breathing raggedly from the hot kiss, “This is wrong!”

He only kissed me again, “But so good,” he whispered against my lips.

I couldn’t help myself, I moaned. We kissed again. I though of my own dark and secret fantasy. I wanted to seduce one of my students. Only in this case, it was the student seducing me.

“Oh Tommy, we can’t do this,” I whispered as we broke apart for a moment. He ignored my comment and started to kiss my neck and run his fingers through my red hair.

“We can too,” he insisted. “No one has to know; I don’t want to lose you as a teacher, so I won’t tell. You don’t want to lose your job, so I know you won’t tell.”

“No,” I whisper. Somewhere along the time I was protesting, my mind had already made its decision. I wanted this 18 year old male. “I mean we can’t do it here. Some can walk in.”

He stood back up straight, his 6 foot muscular frame towering my by a good seven inches. He sighed in frustration. “Well, where then?”

“Let me go home and you follow me there,” I suggested. “Wait a few minutes to come in.”

We kissed as we parted ways in my classroom. I began to have second thoughts on my way home. And a few minutes after I got in my house, Tommy was ringing my doorbell.

After I let him in, I turned to face him, “Tommy, we can’t do this-” I was interrupted by his deep kiss.

It was only seconds before he had me pressed up against my living room wall. His hands were all over my body, my 38D tits, my tight ass, and caressing my pussy between my skirt. His lips trailed the skin exposed in the open v of my button shirt. My own hands did their exploring, trailing his back, his butt and the tent in the front of his pants caused by his arousal.

His hands slipped my panties down, and over my legs. His hands then began to undo my shirt, slipping it off my shoulders. My bra was next to go, and it was only a second later that his lips were sucking on my rock-hard nipples.

I had to see his cock. I pulled him up, and bent down. I undid his pants, slid the zipper down gently. I slid his jeans down along with his boxers. For a young man, he was blessed. His thick nine-inch cock was hard when it popped out to greet me. Tommy stepped out of his jeans as I grabbed hold of cock. I sighed as I took the hard cock in my mouth, looking up at his eyes, loving how it pulsed in my mouth. 

Tommy gasped and put his hands in my hair, and began to fuck my mouth with his cock. I took it deep down my throat, and was able to slide my tongue out to lick his balls. He groaned at this. A moment later he was pulling me up off his cock.

“Baby I want to feel you around me,” He moaned. Again I was pushed up against the wall, my skirt around my waist, my legs around his. 

His hard cock slid into my wet pussy. We both moaned and didn’t move, just enjoyed the feeling of him fully inside me.

I whimpered, “Now!” And he began to slide in and out of me. He was thrusting hard, and I was trying to arch my back. He bent down and kissed my lips.

It was amazing, and it turned me on beyond anything else, knowing that I was fucking my student. 

With that thought, I was cumming all over his cock. That caused him to go over the edge, feeling his hot teacher’s pussy grip his cock tightly. He was shooting his hot juice deep in my pussy.

That started our affair, and that continued for the rest of his time in high school. We dated other people to throw off any suspicion, but our free time was spent together in my bed. Even now, a sophomore in college, he comes over the occasional fuck, saying that I was the best he had ever had. It’s gotten few and far between. And I myself am thinking of taking another “star pupil” under my tutelage, another male in my classes that can’t seem to take his eyes off me.