 At dinner that night I kept looking at him and wanting to touch him, even just to tickle his neck, I wanted him to know that I was there and what I was thinking about. The people we were with couldn't really tell anything was different except maybe when I would look at my husband and smile secretly as I licked my lips, letting him know that I was remembering how he tasted earlier. That I was thinking about him inside my mouth and wanting him to be there again. I felt so different, all I wanted to do was go home and explore with him this side of me that I had hidden for so long, but that night it was not to be. We ended up getting home very late and even though I was so very horny, I fell asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow, leaving me very unsatisfied, only able to have sex with my husband in my dreams that night. 

The next morning I woke up and the first thing I did was go brush my teeth, he wasn't even awake yet and I was planning how I would wake him up, give him the fantasy he'd always wanted. Creeping back into the bedroom I was saddened to see he had already awakened and was flipping through the channels as he normally did on a Saturday morning. At first I just sat there next to him and pouted, upset I didn't get my way, but then thought better of that and I took the remote from him and turned the TV off. He pouted, but stopped when he realized I had put the remote away and just looked at me in surprise as I moved over top of him and took the covers off him. He was wearing boxers as he does every night and I grabbed the waistband of them and pulled. He lifted his hips, not even asking me what I was doing, maybe afraid to say anything lest I stop. I had no plans on stopping though, I wanted to feel him inside me, and I wanted to be well and truly fucked.

I removed his boxers and saw his not quite hard cock and leaned down for a taste with my hands resting on his thighs, letting my lips and tongue kiss and caress, waking it from its slumber. Very quickly he was so hard and I knew he was ready to be inside me, but I wanted some foreplay of my own. I slid my body slowly up his kissing my way to his mouth where I sucked his lip into my mouth and gave a little nibble, not enough to hurt, just enough for him to put all his focus on me, as if he was thinking about anything else. Our tongues teased and tantalized one another as we kissed for what seemed like hours, but was only a minute or two. I leaned down to his neck and gave him a nip and then licked the same spot and blew softly on it, I love teasing him like that. 

I grabbed his hands which he had somehow forgotten to use and brought them to my breasts that were aching for his touch. I moved to his side to give him better access and he began to lick and suck on my breasts, paying extra attention to my nipples, knowing they are sensitive and how turned on I get when he sucks them. I grab his head and as I arch my back I urge him to apply more pressure, not to be so gentle, I had never done that before, but he caught on quick and soon I was squirming wanting him to touch my hot, wet cunt. I grabbed his right hand with my free hand set it on my wet pussy, at first he did nothing and I squirmed even more, I just wanted him to touch me. Then I couldn't take anymore and moaned in frustration, wondering how he could not have gotten the hint I wanted him to finger me, and still his hand just rested there as he continued to suck on my nipple. Out of utter frustration I grabbed his hand and intertwined it with mine and began to play with my clit, finally feeling some relief as he started doing it himself, letting me enjoy the sensations as he was sucking my nipple and fingering my clit. Knowing how horny I was, it didn't take long before I came, squirting all over his hand, and he kept going. My whole body was quivering as I moaned out loud and begged him in between gasps to 'Please...Fuck....Me' 

He smiled at me knowing how horny I was and lay back on his pillow motioning to me that I could get on top if I wanted fucked. I wasted no time as I moved over top of him, settling my slick, wet cunt over top his hard cock, not letting him in. In the position I chose, the tip of his cock was rubbing right on my clit and as I moved back and forth I would get closer to cumming, and he'd get even harder. I do so like to tease him. I held his arms down as I rocked back and forth on his cock, every so often I would let the tip of him slide up into me just a little, just enough to hear him gasp and then I'd let it slide right back out. I kept this up for quite awhile, I was able to cum and I did a few times, but I was mostly enjoying torturing him, seeing how far he'd let me go. I wanted to know what I could get away with.

Finally after I had orgasmed for the 6th time he had had enough and so very quickly he rolled me over and held my hands down, letting me know he was the one in charge. That was what I had wanted from the very beginning, and yet I was still too afraid to tell him how I wanted it, I had to make him think I was just trying to drive him crazy. He then proceeded to shove his cock in me, hard and fast, letting me know that he was setting the pace, not me. The harder he fucked me, the more I came, I came till I was so weak that all I could do was moan and my legs felt so heavy, I could barely move, and he was still going. At one point I remember looking at him through half closed eyelids wishing that it would never stop because it felt so wonderful and yet wondering how he kept going. 

Then I did something I hadn't done, not since we were dating and I had been really horny and a little drunk, wanting him so deep in me and wanting him to cum like he never had before. I leaned forward, my arms on his shoulders and whispered in his ear, 'cum in me, please'. He looked me in the eyes as he kept fucking me hard and I saw his jaw tighten and his whole body froze as I felt him squirting his cum deep in my cunt, feeling his cock spasm as it emptied its load into my soaking wet pussy. I came again, even after he stopped moving inside me, I love the feeling of a cock cumming inside my cunt, it leaves me so satisfied, nothing could be better.

We just lay there at first, him still inside me with his head laying on my chest, me with my arms hugging him to me. He rolled over after a bit, so I could breathe and we both just lay there, afraid to talk, afraid to ruin the moment. I just looked up at the ceiling and smiled, I had finally gotten sex the way I wanted it, now how do I get him to do that every time. I knew then that I was going to have to be more honest with him, or he'd never know what I really liked rough sex, not too kinky, just a little pain. He'd learn quite soon.